r

A Prayer for the New Year

In This Issue:

A Pictorial story of the Tabernacle Choir in Europe JANUARY 1956

I (L

AAl

GUY LOMBARDO SHOW BOB CROSBY SHOW FUNTIME EXPRESS RED SKELTON SHOW

Sundays at 9:00 p.m. Monday through Friday Monday through Friday Tuesday at 7:30 p.m.

at 1:30 p.m. at 4:00 p.m.

bnyiOMAJ lYuymons KSLTV

CBS IN THE MOUNTAIN WEST

the cracker that -features

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Chess is sometimes thought to be a slow and dull game and lacking in playthe middle agesdrama. During

Club Crackers by Purity have forbiddening of chess was commonly to the clergy and at least one college a fresh, new flavor... rich 'n

because it was nearly always played for money. In records of that time buttery... and a crisp, flaky

there are frequent references to quarrels over games, and manslaughter at texture.

chess is not uncommon in medieval You'll love their smart new romance. shape, too!

William Vogt has reported that the mean temperature of the soil beneath tropical forests is 60F. cooler

than it would be if the tree canopy were removed.

AntionexaminationCadets foundof 1080a relationshipNaval Aviabe- tween dental and general health. More

decayed, missing and filled teeth were found among 121 cadets whose medical histories were poorest compared to the general group.

IN fortyan examinationyears of cropof rotationthe resultsunderof irrigation made by Dr. Kenneth W.

Hill at the Dominion Experimental

Station, Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada, he found that while the native soils have produced abundant yields under irrigation and are usually rich in plant nutrients, experience indicates that applications of phosphate fertilizer and manure are necessary for maintaining high yields, particularly sugar beets and alfalfa.

The porcupine has about 30,000 quills each of which has an estimated 1,000 tiny barbs. The largest porcupine in the world is the crested porcupine of Africa which weighs 40 to 60

pounds.

Bats emit high frequency notes of 50,000 cycles per second lasting for about one twohundredth of a second and given out about ten times a second.

As a bat comes near a natural obstacle it increases these squeeks, too high for human ear to hear, to 50 or 60 times a second. To prevent hearing its own

squeek, while the note is being made a muscle in the ear contracts, momentarily shutting off the sound of the sound and permitting only the echo to squeeks echo supersonic heard. These be Salt Lake Phoenix PocateHo feet. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY twelve to about up be heard can

JANUARY 1956 The Problem of Evil in 1956

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

in his safe ing? (ultimately) God, living hard? drive work Why Why AT YOUR LOCAL w hat is the efficacy of human strivsible? Being, all of us, children of

verse, all self in one's solution of the household, go our own way? we why can't LUMBER DEALERS occupational, social, scientific problems? This is one of the fundamental issuesuniWhy, human conviction, resolve, action? confusing the human race in 1956.

Is there purpose, meaning in life, in the With many of the world's leaders touniverse? day, leaders ofthought, entertainment,

These are old questions—in a New politics, science, business, labor, world

Year. They are more important than affairs, there is no problem of evil. For

questions about the rise or fall of the them evil, at least theologically, does stock market. If a Russian general, not exist. Many of them believe in

with full support of the Red Army and theological good, outwardly or unconpeople, comes forward in 1956 and says sciously. But this is more frequently

"the barriers are down; Russian skies at home. At the office, in conference,

are open to commercial planes of all in the arena or business, of statecraft nations; the American and European or of society, God as well as evil is

press are invited to weekly press conleft safely in church (until next Easter ferences at the Kremlin; in many cases) or at

all Soviet military and home. The world of afindustrial installations r* fairs becomes amoral.

are open to visitors Evil, if it has a meaning, without censorship"jjjj becomes that which is in the former questions opposition to current polwould still stand. It will icy or desire.

be worth while to conJohn Calvin in Europe template them, even after and Jonathan Edwards in the Democrats and ReAmerica helped this conpublicans make their 1956 fusion by making evil choices for the American presidential unpopular in an epoch where eventualnominations! ly, popular determination of issues beTheism and atheism make different comes equated with goodness. For a

answers to these questions, different in referendum or a "democratic group disscope, degree, and kind—depending on cussion"to decide something is "good"

the variety of theism and atheism. Let can, seemingly, make it "good"in an

us take three fundamental propositions: amoral world. This is often accepted,

No. I: Man is a child of a single too, in a moral world where the three

God and is created in his image. propositions cited at the beginning of

using knowledge by means of his own that has to be considered along with senses. the other three. That is that evil also

is are there entitled, in the that in exists world, and intelligences in world, personal theGives More for Your Money thisNo.universe3: Everyof purpose,man with permeated

God's You can ceive continuous intelligence revelation—aboutand influence, to theretrouble.children of God, keen ones, who make usable space regainaboutworth 7 $80-$90sq. ft. ofaround every doorway in your home, universe, its contents, including God One difficulty in the twentieth ceneasily and quickly with FOLDOOR and including himself. (The degree of tury among all peoples, whether Cathit Install folding door. "Beautyline"olic, Protestant, this "revelation"understanding Jewish, Hindu, Moslem, and

yourself paint in minutes Buddhist, reckon it will is to vary man.) with every or Mormon, As Dr. to yourself with paint rubber. base..

harmonize with your favorite color James E. Talmage wrote: "The directproperly and deal with the problem of

scheme. Feathertouch action... ness and plainness with which God may evil. To become obsessed with the problifetime fabric vinyl washable on door it is selfdefeating. with ignore is dependent lem communicate But to man

free. attractive cornice included and

of receptivity fatuous. faiths of the is In the Christian the upon the conditions will Beautyline give door Foldoor

any room a new spacious, gracious person."(Articles of Faith, 13th ed., carryover from Calvin and Edwards,

appearance. See this spacesaver door 1924, p. 297.) Revelation for the with its untruth and distortion, is yet

today at your lumber dealer. Church comes through authorized minso influential that we tend to write off,

isters. But it is also fundamental that discard, and ignore the matter. Ardent

Distributed by God is now "pouring out"his spirit religionists are sometimes more guilty "upon all flesh."(Joel 2:28; Joseph than scientific humanists or atheists.

MORRISONMERRILL Smith 2:41.) In Marxism, the problem of evil is imis it ask possible that intelEvil many is no quibbling. There is viewed how & CO. These three propositions being true, pressively solved (for their followers).

ligent create, evil? do, as incarnate in the private or become ownership men

Building Material Distributors Isn't evil almost nonexistent, impos- (Concluded on page 62)

Gospel...Know your

nhmhi

Here 's a great reference text for the Gospel Doctrine course of study PAULS LIFE AND LETTERS BY DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY

Many, many interesting facts and experiences in the life and ministry of Paul are authoritatively presented as a wonderful reference text for the 1956 Gospel Doctrine course of study. Dr. Sperry has

long been recognized as a great scholar in the field of the New Testament and he has prepared this valuable new volume so that numerous chapters dovetail with the present Gospel Doctrine course of study. A rare

and keen insight into the life of this great New Testament apostle.

$3.00 m PREINVENTORY CLEARANCE lln v any two books for just $3.98 Receive a third book free of extra cost

Choose your two books from this list of popular titles by prominent authors.

"Life of Joseph F. Smith""For This My Glory"

By Joseph Fielding Smith By Paul Bailey

Publisher's regular price—$3.00 Publisher's regular price—$3.00

"Contents, Structure, and Authorship of the Book of Mormon"By J. N. Washburn

BOOKCRAFT Publisher's regular price—$3.00

1T86 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah January, 1956

Please send copies of "Paul's Life and Letters"at $3.00

copy. per Choose Bonus Books from this list of

Also send the two special books I have checked. My reduced

price is just $3.98. fine Latterday releases.

( ) LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH "Themes of the "Gospel Themes"

( ) CONTENTS, STRUCTURE AND AUTHORSHIP OF THE BOOK Restored Gospel"By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

OF MORMON By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry Publisher's regular price $1.50

( ) FOR THIS MY GLORY Publisher's regular price $1.50

My Bonus selection is: "The Castle Builder""Dorian"

( ) THEMES OF THE RESTORED GOSPEL ( ) GOSPEL THEMES Publisher'sBy NephiregularAndersonprice $1.75 Publisher'sBy NephiregularAndersonprice $1.75

( ) THE CASTLE BUILDER ( ) DORIAN ( ) Check or ( ) Money Order enclosed.

Name -

Address - Bookcraft1 86 South Main Salt Lake City Utah L City..:. State 1

JANUARY 1956

yjnlcla I yji'acm or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, 'The Voice of the Church WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

*Jhe ikufck of

/jeiui Lkflit

or <JLatteraau faints

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript ALLIE HOWE

- F. Editors: BENNETT ARCHIBALD DURHAM G. HOMER- - HARRIS, NIBLEY MILTON FRANKLINContributing R. HUNTER HUGH

- B. SIDNEY B. SPERRY LEE PETERSEN CLAUDEJR. A. PALMERS. Jhe Lcoyer

- General Associate R. Manager: Manager:- CURTIS S. REEDER ELBERT BERTHA

Business Manager: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Two titles were suggested for our cover:

"Prayer for the New Year,"and the Biblical phrase: "Except ye... become as

little children."(Matt. 18:3.) It was

adapted from the Freedom Foundation awardwinning photograph by Lillian

The Editor's Page Studios,did the Saltlittle Lakegirl City.praying,(Mr.ourLilliancover alsofor

December 1952.)

A Spiritual Reawakening—the Need of the Hour

.....President David O. McKay 13

Church Features EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Your Question: The Right Hand Joseph Fielding Smith 14 Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

A Pictorial Portrayal of the Tabernacle Choir in Europe 16 Y.W.M.I.A.Salt Offices,Lake City40 North1, UtahMain St.

There Were Jaredites—Part I Hugh Nibley 30 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

AssoMutual Improvement the by Christ of Latthe of Jesus Solomon Mack and His Family—Part IV..Archibald F. Bennett 34 publishedciations of Church

The Church Moves On 8 Melchizedek Priesthood 48 terdayscription Saints.price, $2.50All rightsa year,reserved.in advanceSubPresiding Bishopric's Page 50 foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance;

25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of postage provided

Special Features thorizedfor in sectionJuly 2,1103.1918.Act of October <1917, auThe Improvement Era is not responsible for

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 10, 40, 60 tributions.unsolicited manuscripts,All manuscriptsbut mustwelcomesbe accomcon-

by sufficient postage for delivery and panied Archaeology and the Book of Mormon—VIII...Milton R. Hunter 26 return.

Through the Eyes of Youth—Along the Scouting Trail...Don Crockett 33 Change of Address

of for change required Thirty 6 Doctor the Universe, Franklin S. Exploring Young on Smoking.... Warns

inplease change, a ordering address. days'Whennotice 62 the Bookrack Harris, Jr 1 On issue slip recent a from address clude These Times, The Problem of Evil Your Page and Ours 64 the magazine. Address changes cannot beof

in 1956, G. Homer Durham 2 onemadeis unlessincluded.the old address as well as the new

Today's Family

Leah Rae Ross'Syrian SpecialHomelike Air, Louise Price Bell..55

ties, Iris Parker 52 Small Children and Honesty, AnFruit and Greenery make for nie Laurie Von Tungeln 56 National Advertising Representatives

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry San Francisco,110 Sutter CaliforniaSt.

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

A Note From Nora Ruth K. Kent 25 672Los LafayetteAngeles 57,ParkCaliforniaPlace

High Adventure—III S. Dilworth Young 28 SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

342 Madison Ave.

Grandma's Chair, Estella Giesking.... 6 A Prayer for Peace, Gene Romolo....47 New York 17, N. Y.

Frontispiece, Full Circle, Marie Mom to Son Aged Ten, Grace V. DAVIS & SONS

Daerr Poetry Page 12 1 HarmonyWatkinsHome, Theresa E. Black....6354 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wm m ivo,/ TRACTION BOOSTER brings new Mig Capacity implements

NEW POWER PRINCIPLE

PUTS YOU ACRES AHEAD

The AllisChalmers Traction Booster now expands the work power of the WD45 Tractor by acres...

enables you to do more work better.

You will instantly recognize the importance of this fundamental advancement when you see the WD45 pulling the new AllisChalmers 10 or 123foot double action disc harrow... discing up to 50 or 60

acres a day... or... when you watch it handle the

new 4-bottom moldboard plow or heavyduty, 4-blade disc plow.

And of course these new WD45 implements have handy SnapCoupler Hitch which pulls from a single,

Changes a dragging load to a Ratting toad: freeswing hitchpoint ahead of the rear axle.

Hydraulic Traction Booster automatically shifts implement Ask your AllisChalmers dealer for a demonstraweight to tractor's drive wheels, as needed, for groundtion of this important new advancement. It's today's

gripping traction. Instead of a dragging weight, you have big news to powerwise, costconscious farmers!

rolling weight... an easier load to pull, requiring less fuel

per acre. FARM EQUIPMENT Dl VIS I O N—M I LWAUK E E 1, WISCONSIN

ALLISCHALMERS <> SNAPCOUPLER Is an AllisChalmers trademark,

JANUARY 1956 More CHURCHES Verl F. Scott Are

Named Business Manager CHOOSING

Verl F. Scott

appointment of Elder Verl F. Morris was called as president of the

TheScott as business manager of The Eastern States Mission.

Improvement Era to succeed Elder He was graduated from the UniJohn D. Giles, deceased, has been versity of Utah in 1948 with a degree

announced by General Superintendin business administration. While

ent Elbert R. Curtis and General attending the university, and for a

President Bertha S. Reeder of the short period thereafter, he was secreMutual Improvement Associations and tary to the Church Information and

general managers of The ImproveStatistics committee, under the leaderme nt Era. ship of the late Elder John A. Widtsoe

Elder Scott has been advertising of the Council of the Twelve.

director of The Improvement Era Elder Scott is the son of Elder and since May 1948, and during the past Mrs. Frank A. Scott. On February

THE IDEAL CHURCH two years has been acting business 14, 1946, he married Arline MartinINSTRUMENT manager. He is bishop of the Highdale of Pocatello, Idaho, in the Salt

Beautiful, authentic organ tone. land View Ward, East Mill Creek Lake Temple. They have been blessed

Low cost of operation and mainStake. with five daughters: Colleen, Wendy,

tenance.

The moderate price gives you the His Church activities are typical of Jacklyn, Paula, and Rhonda.

most organ for your money. The many of the LDS young men. He has

Conn ARTIST with two independent been active in scouting and is a Master manuals, full pedalboard, and many M Man. He served as secretary sucother features is available wonderful

to churches for as little as cessively in his Aaronic Priesthood $2590.00 quorums, was a ward clerk, a stake GRANDMA'S CHAIR

Sunday School secretary, a ward Sunday School superintendent, and for By Estella Giesking aiines Music three years an assistant stake clerk. li/fy grandma, who is old and weak,

He served as a missionary in the Rocks in a chair that has a creak, to sure hear I'm she rocks when States, 194042, he And where Western far near. things from and145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0V0 /'2260 WASHINGTON BLVD..0GDEN So many

for secretary a year, was mission president of the Scottsbluff District, I hear one sound that's from the land and in charge of radio and publicity. WhereIt says toSantame, has"Whenhis winterreindeercomes,band.

During World War II, in which You'll have some toys and sugar plums.

"Courtesy he saw service for thirty months, he chair the from comes sound fair; It tells of lady prince and

battle go to knights would who goes beyond wasin Tokyoan infantryin the officer,G-4 SupplyfinallySection.being AnotherAnd

dependability"He was awarded the Bronze Star and And in bright armor fight the foe.

received the Combat Infantry Badge. Oh, many things the chair does tell BUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM At the present time he is an adjutant Of fairy tales and magic spell,

with the National Guard II Corps Of angels on a ladder tall.

Artillery headquarters. You wonder if they ever fall.

Before his call as a bishop, he was When I am grown, if Grandma dies, prize. I shall rocker blessed That of council the for two high a member

too, shall children, hear PLYMOUTH then DODGE my to And appointed 1948 In he was tales far near. Salt lovely from and Lake City, Utah years. Those 1000 So. Main,

the YMMIA general board. That

board was released in 1948 when

General Superintendent George Q.

$L

Utah Copper's state and local taxes since 1945 were paid for with ore that would make a train 1013 miles long

Taxes of the Utah Copper Division of ham Mine averages less than one percent

Kennecott Copper Corporation are paid copper. As a result, to pay Kennecott's

for by the sale of copper produced from $70,500,000 tax bill during the past decade low grade ore. In the past 10 years, Kenrequired the removal of 21,684,820 tons

necott's state and local taxes in Utah of waste material and the mining and totaled $70,500,000, including this year's processing of 15,271,000 tons of ore.

tax of $10,750,000. If that ore were loaded into cars it

Taxes are one of the benefits Kennewould make a train 1013 miles long, excott's development of a great natural tending from Salt Lake City to Minneresource has produced for all Utahns. For apolis, Minnesota.

example, this year's school tax of $7,049, Kennecott pays its taxes by the train709 will meet the cost of educating 24,000 load by producing millions of tons of ore.

children. And taxes by the trainload mean benefits

Producing copper to pay taxes is a big by the trainload—benefits that help bring

thing in itself, because the ore at the Bingbetter living to all Utahns.

wmwmmVmmWiBB;-:--:; till i El!'':"

Kennecott Copper Corporation lllllllrll''l '# 5: llltl

mmmmmimwm "A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah yy

JANUARY 1956 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

O O It was announced that hereafter succeeding President Royal J. BrinkerOctober 1955 "the genealogical library of the hoff. Elders Fremon J. Sorenson and

Church would be opened on Saturdays Clifford Lee Mangum were sustained (Colorado) Grand Junction counselors. President Stake, and remain closed another day of the as and Munson

-*-J stake the 223rd now functioning week. Elder as counSorenson had served

in the Church, was formed from porselors to President Brinkerhoff.

tions of the West Colorado District of O O President Marion D. Hanks of the

the States Mission. Elder first tour escorted Western "outof an The '"First of the Council Seventy dedi- j* -*-*- sustained as stake presiLoyal side"the nearly B. Cook through group of cated the chapel the Casper (Wyodent with Elders Rolla B. Greenhalgh ming) Branch, West Central States completed Los Angeles Temple was

and Edwin S. Lamm as counselors. Mission. made.

Organized wards of the new stake inElder Arthur L. Barrus sustained as

1 s% First Presidency announced The Fruita, Craig, Delta,clude Glenwood president of the Grantsville (Utah) of Elder the appointment MoroniSprings, Junction, and Grand Grand Stake, with Elders Saul A. Clark and -*

Junction Second. Branches are Meeker, Harold K. Monson as counselors. They Larson, Jr., second counselor in the

Montrose, Paonia, Rifle, and Baggs, the succeed President Paul Edward WrathMt. Graham (Arizona) Stake, to be

latter being in Wyoming. The stake all and his counselors, Elders James president of the Western Canadian Mishas a memberaship of 2830. Elders Ratcliffe Williams and George Noal sion, succeeding President R. Scott ZimHarold B. Lee and Mark E. Petersen of Anderson. merman. As a young man President

the Council of the Twelve were in Elder Aura C. Hatch was sustained Larson filled a mission in the Western

charge of this organization. as president of the Provo (Utah) Stake, States. He has served as a ward SunPresident S. Dilworth Young of the succeeding President Antone K. Romney. day School superintendent, as a counFirst Council of the Seventy dedicated President Hatch's counselors are Elders selor in two bishoprics, and as bishop

the chapel of the Lancaster Branch Allen G. Brockbank and Frank A. Van of the Solomonville Ward for six years.

(New Brunswick, Canada), New EngWagenen. Elders Hatch and BrockHe was stake YMMIA superintendent

land States Mission. bank were counselors to President Romand a member of the Mt. Graham Stake

Elder Cecil B. Kenner sustained as ney. high council as well. Mrs. Larson will

president of East Cache (Utah) Stake, Elder Clifton A. Rooker, second counaccompany him to this field of labor.

succeeding President Clarence A. Hurselor in the San Joaquin (California) The First Presidency announced the

ren, deceased. Elders William H. BenStake, succeeded President Wendell B. appointment of Elder Paul Charles

nett and Loy W. Watts sustained as Mendenhall as president of that stake. Andrus as president of the Northern

counselors. President Kenner and Elder President Rooker's counselors are Elders Far East Mission, succeeding President

Bennett had served as counselors to Clyde F. Boyle and Merlin L. LundHilton A. Robertson. President Andrus,

President Hurren. quist. Elder Ernest Landward, first currently serving as a president of the

Elder Thomas L. Kimball was suscounselor to President Mendenhall, was 260th quorum of seventy (Honolulu

tained as second counselor in the Denalso released. Stake) is a former missionary to Japan.

ver (Colorado) Stake presidency, sucIn World War II he was an LDS servis a nativeceeding Elder Victor L. Brown. It was announced that Elder Joicemen's group leader. He

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir pre29 seph Fielding Smith, Jr., had been of Salt Lake City. He has been a

of this at the time teacher and, first its broadcast "live"fromsented general seminary of the appointed a member

Priestof call, the Aaronic secretary was since returning from tabernaclethe School. of the Deseret its board Sunday

inof the teacher 21 and under hood tour.European

class vestigators'in the Kaneohe Ward con- "Lamanite annual The eleventh dediPresident David A O. McKay

a former Andrus, Mrs. ** Sunday School. Arizona. Mesa,ference"began in Fercated the combination San "

nando (California) stake center and missionary to Japan, and their two small 1 O President Marion D. Hanks of the the chapel of the Van Nuys, Van Nuys sons will accompany him to this field of

"First Council of the Seventy dediSecond, and Van Nuys Third wards. labor.

cated the chapel of the Glasgow (MonElder Harold B. Lee of the Countana) Branch, West Central States 13 cil of the Twelve dedicated the

Mission. November 1955 chapel of Walnut Creek and Pleasant

Hills wards, Berkeley (Calif.) Stake.

1 Q President Marion D. Hanks of the A Six of the twelve bronze oxen Elder George Q. Morris of the Coun-

"First Council of the Seventy dedi- "which will support the baptismal cil of the Twelve dedicated the Mt.

cated the chapel of the Minot (North font in the Los Angeles Temple arrived Graham (Arizona) Stake seminary and

Dakota) Branch, West Central States there for installation. stake building.

Mission. Elder Howard D. Knight sustained as

O President David O. McKay dedipresident of the Parowan (Utah) Stake,

O 1 President Marion D. Hanks of the "cated the combination stake housewith Elders George D. Grimshaw and

* First Council of the Seventy dediStockton Second Ward chapel, San D. Watson Adams as counselors. They

cated the chapel of the Saratogo (WyoJoaquin (California) Stake. succeed President W. Clair Rowley and

ming) Branch, West Central States MisElder Voyle L. Munson sustained as his counselors, Elders J. Harold Mitchell

sion. president of the Wayne (Utah) Stake, and R. Taylor Miller.

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Youtti/, Low otul

DR. REX A. SK1DMORE

Excellent counseling is given to youth in the area of courtship and marriage in this easyto-read book by one who is an authority on the subject. Central

theme is how to form a lasting and ideal relationship according to God's holy covenant. $2.75

Wintertime is

OF AMERICA* Reading Time fiEHEALOfilGAL

RESEARCH - Where Is Wisdom?

PRESIDENT STEPHEN L RICHARDS

The rich philosophy of President Richards is expressed in this outstanding collection of addresses and speeches. Readers will find this

book a treasure house of material for lessons, talks, and personal enjoyment. $3.50

Cherished Experiences

From the Writings of President David O. McKay

COMPILED BY CLARE MIDDLEMISS Here are many of President McKay's most inspiring experiences. Many of them occurred as

he traveled to distant outposts in the world to visit the Saints. $3.00

The Kingdom of God Restored CARTER E. GRANT

The early days of the Church, through the Utah

War, are described with realism, vitality, and a fresh, new insight in this new volume on

L.D.S. history. $4.00

OF MORMONCommentary on the 8Q0K

Book of Mormon i: 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake BWSvy1**City, Utah, GEORGE REYNOLDS DESERET BOOK COMPANY

JANNE M. SJODAHL 44 East South Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah This newly ofthe Book revisedMormoneditiongivesonvaluablethe firsthistoricalpart of Gentlemen:

background material and analyzes various pasEnclosed you will find ( ) check { ) money order sages. $5.00 ( ) charge to my account the following amount $

for the encircled (numbered) books:

3 4 5 6 75. 12

Name The Ten CommandAddress ments Today City Zone State Members of the Council of the Twelve, Elbert I have enclosed old photographs for reproducing.

R. Curtis, and W. Cleon Skousen discuss the Size desired

relationship problems on modernof the life.Ten Commandments$2.00to Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

JANUARY 1956 BISHOPS - t& Lyur (children (Exceed U\5

SAVE UP TO $500 Richard L. Evans

on the purchase of YOUR CHURCH ORGAN! /\n"characterthis questionis safelyagainset: ofA themanpointmay,atinwhichhis youth,a person'sfrom

his parents, receive strict teaching and training and be schooled in solid standards and basic qualities of character.

But as he grows older and takes his own independent place, he may, under some circumstances, foolishly and unfortunately forget for the moment the teachings of his youth,

ORGANS and break away a bit from the things that have made him the man he is. These departures from principle certainly

hurt him somewhat, but so sure and solid has been his teaching and training that he knows the truth, down deep; and

even though he says some things he shouldn't say, and does

Represent some things he shouldn't do, he himself may not go too far to get back; he himself never quite lets loose. But his children, his daughter, his son, who haven't been so solidly

c/ CENTURY OF taught, whose characters haven't been so solidly set, who don't have the same background their father has, follow their father's example, but without the same basic restraints.

In short, the son frequently follows the father, but goes farther. As a matter of safety—and as a matter of reality

we should always take into account the fact that our chilare likely to dren farther exceed go than we us—to go—in in this important fact, to likely a physical are any direction. As they grow

phase of your taller than we are—and to exceed us in other ways also. service. worship

If we are unkind, they may be unkinder. If we express mild

disloyalties, they may become affected with flagrant disloyalties. If we become a bit critical or careless, they may take

license from us to become more critical or careless. A man,

REED ELECTRONIC a father (and it is true of a mother also) can drive his famor ily far down the wrong road with just a little wrong lead which he later regrets and repents of perhaps, and pulls

PIPE ORGANS himself back. But he may find that he has lost his family

Represented exclusively that in following his lead (but also in exceeding it) they in this area by have gone too far to be pulled back. True, it doesn't always work this way, but it is never safe to assume that it

family, in teaching children, is to be what we should be, SUMMERHAYS won't work this way. The only way of safety in rearing a

to act as we should act, to speak as we should speak, genuMUSIC COMPANY INC. inely, honestly, and without duplicity or hypocrisy—because

they will catch our spirit from us, and will likely exceed 21 East 1st South Salt Lake City, Utah us in the manifestation of it. At least, this is the risk we

Phone EM 3-4479 take: that if our lead is wrong, they will exceed us in

wrong ways. But if our lead is right, at least we have a right

to hope that they will exceed us in right ways.

-Jke, Spoken Word from temple square

HiSEND FOR pi PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 13, 1955 Copyright, 1955Free Re FRENCHSTART SPEAKING

the to learnSPANISHaiaiLJERE'S way SPANISH. Joini/te FRENCH,11 Russian. Italian, or German,easiest Brazilian. Japanese

2 toListen -sided record. nonbreakable your Let FREE

eyes in follow words once sample Almost you'll in be chatting aFREE language lesson.with perfect ataccent! a new

allThat's hear! dull, you listen work. No OF DIMES It'simitate! that easy! Offer soon. to MARCH end JustRush maytedious

help of cover cost special shipping. packaging, 2 5tfState

language want. you also free information January3to 3/

course.full Cortina XoWe'll sendCORTINA

Dept. 52ndobligation.St., 19.ACADEMY,on 136 W. York New ail,

10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These two have much in common: Eighty years

And Four (the whitehaired and the golden one)

Who sit together, bound by secrets far

Too many to be counted, never done

With all they have to share. The wrinkled hand,

Blueveined and trembling, rests beside the small

Plump fingers. In a silversweet duet

The whispers and the chuckles rise and fall.

Lunch time arrives unnoticed. Eighty's eyes

Are now too dim to read the clock, and Four

Is unacquainted yet with numerals.

I watch, enchanted, from the open door

These two whose laughter makes me comprehend

How close to the beginning is the end.

JANUARY 1956 11 SAMPLER

By Beryl Stewart

maid of Plymouth wove these narrow >psm A bands

Of finest samp and sewed the strips together

To form a sampler which her skilful hands

NEW YEAR WISH SEASONS Wouldor feather.work with stitches called bird's-eye

By Elaine V. Emans By Mabel ]ones Gabbott Withfacebraidencircled head and darkeyed

|y fields accept this dull gray day Serenely bowed above this square of cloth, Jith. new beginnings in your larger mat- m Between the snowflake and the flower, She worked a rule of conduct in this space

ters, Just as they weathered winter's bite And thought of love and sweetly plighted

May there be time for each familiar small And revel in spring's nascent hour. troth.

Thing you have loved, from oriole that scatters So let my heart keep wonder at She proudly stitched her genealogy,

Notes goldenorange as his own breast to Love's miracle beyond belief, Embroidered verse in fern or honeycomb, all Accept my season's drouth or joy, And chose designs from treasured stitchery

The other dear, innumerable pleasures And watch, serene, through winter's grief. For heirloom linens in a frontier home.

You find in earth itself around the year. She worked so earnestly while candies

May letters, friends'hellos by which one JANUARY DAY gleamed measures Each stitch became a part of all she

The cheer of certain days be welcomed here By Eva Gorham Craig dreamed.

in the years, otherAs may space be had rriHis January of crystal, day, carved out serious the for laughter's thoughtsBetween * Is left for us to by chance view with awe, PILGRIMAGE lightness,

So rare for can breathe we scarce fear the full for be to too day no youAnd add Virgil By B. Smith spell

it, loveliness small brighttoSome new some break, Will perceive an and we unknown ness light flaw;

still quite not or had expectedYou some We Forgrewnamelessin time

Blue hour of peace upon a starlit hill. For well we know the rain witch can swoop AndEach hailedman—intrepidthe day when,neophytein his climb down

Left heaven's hand In fury sudden her from icy cave

For this dark land. shatter crystal into To bits jagged A LETTER TO MYSELF

And leave us not a souvenir to save.

live full mortals sight without We

But need not this always plight. bear By Zara Sabin WEEK AFTER CHRISTMAS

y dear: By Eleanor Ailetta Chaffee The light of Christ shows bright

There was no sun today Where he has gone, to Inviting us grow; least, for you.At not all the trimmings have been put When

lets us And know,It is trite, I know, to say away, "Somewhere skies are blue,"The topmost star wrapped in tissued box, Instead of darker night,

But it is true, When all the extra joys that could not stay Unending dawn!

And also, "Come what may, Have vanished with the painted Christmas blocks,Tomorrow is another day."COME IN, NEW YEAR You have lost little, for there still remains

Flowers do not grieve The tinsel of bright laughter; in the sky By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

When winter days are here; A pale, familiar star with golddust stains

Tall trees wait to leave A passing cloud. The faded wreaths may be have opened the door, and lighted the

At first their buds appear. Discarded and forgotten, but not the round I fire,

of Circle the walls, heart's on memory own fear. should notYou in, in, come Come New Year.

faces loved fluting Framing the sound andAsk believe, need; what you chairs straightened the I have and dusted

carols. falls, children's So, as evening trustThen work. and You will receive! Of the room,

Let go what time must nothing take, and in, in, Year. come Come New more; is sill shining from to dome.

rose Christmas is perennial to the The to bid welcome you home. core. MyI amhouseready HOURGLASS

By Bertha Wilcox Smith I havewere.hidden my grief for the days that

Come in, come in, New Year.

N hourglass stood upon the mantle shelf I have banished my fear, and routed my

When greatgrandmother was a little dread;

girl; Come in, come in, New Year.

The sand slipped slowly through its chan- I have broken fetters; my life is free. neled way Come—I am ready—and bide with me.

To mark the measured flow of passing time;

whenAnd the grains had compassed all MOTHER'S BIBLE their course,

It to turn a small girl's chore was the glass; By Inez Clark Thorson

if sure, greatgrand-But sometimes, I am mother Bible lay mother's always |L|Y little like later of the years, maidsWas J-'*"she Close could by where pause to read did closing, quiet the hour's notShe heed

Its until promises soul her thought in or play absorbed simpleHer task. Was stayed in times of need;

those to forest in matter dwellers theWhat it as For a she held lamp high

If full sure, each not measured was moment grieffilled night Through troubled day, and call toFor thrush morning a from woke to she see comforted And was thicket, fall Its light her way. on

still stood quietness flowed while noonAnd by. My mother's Bible now is mine

Cool twilight called the cattle from the Long since are gone the days that were, clearing,—Photo by Frank J. Miller And I am guided by the lamp

And night set candles all about the sky. A Winter Night That lit the way for her.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r-?

M**a*$s**HgafSi i

A Spiritual Reawakening—the Need

of the Hour by President David O. McKay

is or intelspirituality spirituality temporality, or a dual beis lectuality. I imply that spiritualthe not wish to do Theing scripturesand his lifetella planus thatof manGod. That

first fundamental fact to keep in mind. Man ity and intellectuality may not exist in the same

has a physical body and a spiritual body. person, they may—also temporality and spiritualMan's earthly existence is but a test as to ity, but not sensuality and spirituality. But

whether he will concentrate his efforts, his mind, man usually centers his thought and action upon and his soul upon things which contribute to the one or the other. The subject suggested, that

comfort and gratification of his physical instincts the greatest need today in this world is spiritual and passions, or whether he will make as his life's awakening, implies that spirituality should be the end and purpose the acquisition of spiritual qualiuppermost thought in our minds.

ties. Only through spiritual awakening has man

"The thing a man does practically lay to heart,"made progress in his slow, continuous, upward says Carlyle, "and know for certain concerning climb since the divine edict "multiply, and rehis vital relations to this mysterious Universe, and plenish the earth."(Ibid., 1:28.) The only

his duty and destiny there, that is in all cases thing which places man above the beasts of the the primary thing for him, and creatively deterfield is his possession of spiritual gifts. Superior

mines all the rest.... And, I say, if you tell me intellectuality without spiritual virtues may tend

what that is, you tell me to a very great extent only to make men more beastlike.

what the man is, what the kind of things he will I ask you to imagine what condition man would do is."That philosopher never spoke anything have been in if God had never revealed himself

nearer the truth. to man. The saving of his life, and the perpetuaMan's body is but the tabernacle in which his tion of his species would be man's sole aim; inspirit dwells. Too many, far too many, are prone deed, there would be nothing else to live for.

to regard the body as the man, and consequently In a word, he would be just an animal.

to direct their efforts to the gratifying of the The Lord, anticipating this, revealed himself body's pleasures, its appetites, its desires, its pasto man and gave him the gospel plan. In order

sions. Too few recognize that the real man is to assist man to rise above earthly things, and

an immortal spirit, which "intelligence or the to keep his heart from being centered upon them, light of truth,"(see D & C 93:36) was animated the Lord commanded man to take of the "firstas an individual entity before the body was begotlings of his flock"(ibid., 4:4) and offer them as

ten, and that this spiritual entity with all its a sacrifice to God. Have you ever thought of it?

distinguishing traits will continue after the body The best, which ordinarily would be for self, ceases to respond to its earthly environment. must be given to a higher power—the first step

To awaken spirituality in the hearts of men in spiritual uplift. When man thus denied himand women has been the Lord's purpose since self and conquered his physical appetite and paid

he declared: "By the sweat of thy brow, thou reverence to someone higher than himself, he

shalt earn thy bread."(See Gen. 3:19.) Throughapproached nearer his Maker—there was a spiritout the ages man has had his choice of making ual awakening.

the aim of his life either spirituality or sensuality, (Concluded on following page)

JANUARY 1956 ** JL/Cf l/vUI *3 lttysLv* 13

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) But the sun of hope is rising. Thinking men and

There is a most significant story of two boys—one who women are recognizing the need of man's looking up

heeded God's commandment, and offered sacrifice, paid toward the heavens instead of groveling in response to his devotion to Deity in accordance with the command the animal instinct.

of the Lord. The other failed to do it because his heart The spiritual road has Christ as its goal. The indiwas centered upon the things of the earth. As a convidual lives for something higher than self. He hears

sequence he became grasping and selfish and murderous. the Savior's voice saying: "I am the way, the truth, and

He choked his soul with greed. He stifled his spiritualthe life."(John 14:6.) Following that voice he soon

ity. He became jealous and envious, and finally murlearns that there is no one great thing which he can do

dered his brother. to attain happiness or eternal life. He learns that "life

In that simple account of Cain and Abel we find the is made up not of great sacrifices or duties, but of little story of the race. The man who sets his heart upon things in which smiles and kindness and small obligathe things of the world, who does not hesitate to cheat tions given habitually are what win and preserve the

a brother, who will lie for gain, who will steal from heart and secure comfort."

his neighbor, or who, by slander, will rob another of his Spiritual awakening in the hearts of millions of men reputation, lives on a low, animal plane of existence, and women would bring about a changed world. I am

and either stifles his spirituality or permits it to lie dorhopeful that the dawning of that day is not far distant.

mant. To be thus "carnally minded is death."(Romans My faith in the ultimate triumph of the gospel of Jesus

8:6.) No truer word was ever spoken or written. Christ assures me that a spiritual awakening must come.

Never before in the history of the world has there It will come through the acceptance of Jesus Christ and been such need as today for spiritual awakening. obedience to his gospel. I believe that there never was

Civilization has grown too complex for the human a time in the history of the world when there was such mind to visualize or to control. Unless man comes to a need for a united, determined stand to uphold Christ

a speedy realization that the higher and not the baser and the restoration of the gospel through the Prophet qualities of man must be developed, then the present Joseph Smith as there is today. With all my soul I

status of civilization is in jeopardy. believe it.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Right Hand

"We have been taught in the Church governments where oaths are administered, the candithat we should partake of the sacrament date for office is asked to raise his right hand. There

with the right hand. Why is this necessary? In our disare occasions when he is sworn to give truthful testicussions we do not seem to he able to find anything mony by placing his right hand on a copy of the Bible.

telling us why this is so. Why is it wrong to partake of This custom has come down from the beginning, and

the sacrament with the left hand?"from many scriptural passages we gather that it has

always received divine sanction. When Abraham sent

Questions of this nature arc occasionally his servant to his kindred to find a wife for Isaac, he received. In one case we are informed had the servant place his right hand under Abraham's

that some brethren were advocating the partaking of the thigh and swear to him that he would accomplish this sacrament with either hand. Moreover, in one stake mission. (Gen. 24:2.) There are other occasions of

it was the custom to confirm and ordain persons by the similar import. One of the earliest incidents recorded

officiators standing in a circle, raising their right hands, is the blessing Jacob gave his grandsons, Manasseh and and placing their left hands on the heads of candidates Ephraim. Manasseh was the elder, and as Joseph preto be blessed and ordained. Therefore, it is expedient sented his sons to their grandfather, he presented

that something be said about the use of the right hand Manasseh towards Jacob's right hand and Ephraim toin performing ordinations and partaking of the sacrawards his left hand. The record states that Jacob "guidment. ing his hands wittingly"placed his right hand on the

The performing of ordinances with the right hand in head of Ephraim and his left hand on the head of preference to the left is a wellestablished custom uniManasseh. Joseph protested, saying, "Not so, my father:

versally and is not confined to the Church. In various for this is the firstborn; put thy right hand upon his

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA head.""I know it, my son, I know it:"said Jacob, "he "Naked, and ye clothed me: I was sick, and ye visited

also shall become a people, and he also shall be great: me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.

but truly his younger brother shall be greater than he, "Then shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, and his seed shall become a multitude of nations."(Gen. when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty,

48:1319.) and gave thee drink?

When the Egyptians were destroyed in the Red Sea, "When saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in? or

Israel sang: "Thy right hand, O Lord, is become glorious naked, and clothed thee?

in power: thy right hand, O Lord, hath dashed in pieces "Or when saw we thee sick, or in prison, and came

the enemy..."(Exodus 15:6); and when Israel entered unto thee?

the land of their inheritance, the Lord instructed Moses "And the King shall answer and say unto them, in offering sacrifice to take the blood of the ram, "and Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto put it upon the tip of the right ear of Aaron, and upon one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it the tip of the right ear of his sons, and upon the thumb unto me.

of their right hand, and upon the great toe of their right "Then shall he say also unto them on the left hand, foot, and sprinkle the blood upon the altar round about."Depart from me, ye cursed, into everlasting fire, preWith this ordinance and the sprinkling of the blood and pared for the devil and his angels:

anointing oil upon the altar, Aaron and his sons were "For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no meat:

"hallowed before the Lord."(See ibid., 29:2021.) I was thirsty, and ye gave me no drink:

The showing favor to the right hand or side is not "I was a stranger, and ye took me not in: naked, and

something invented by man but was revealed from the ye clothed me not: sick, and in prison, and ye visited

heavens in the beginning. To Isaiah the Lord said: me not.

"Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; "Then shall they also answer him, saying, Lord, when

for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee; yea, I will help saw we thee an hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or

thee: yea, I will uphold thee with the right hand of my naked, or sick, or in prison, and did not minister unto

righteousness.... thee?

"For I the Lord thy God will hold thy right hand, "Then shall he answer them, saying, Verily I say saying unto thee, Fear not; I will help thee."(Isaiah unto you, Inasmuch as ye did it not to one of the least

41:1013.) Again: "Hearken unto me, O Jacob and of these, ye did it not to me.

Israel, my called; I am the first, I am also the last. And these shall go away into everlasting punishment:

"Mine hand also hath laid the foundation of the earth, but the righteous into life eternal."(Matt. 25:3146.)

and my right hand hath spanned the heavens: when I There are numerous passages in the scriptures refercall unto them, they stand up together."(Ibid., 48:12ring to the right hand, indicating that it is a symbol of

13.) In the Psalms we read: "The Lord said unto my righteousness and was used in the making of covenants.

Lord, Sit thou at my right hand, until I make thine When the Savior was taken before the high priest, enemies thy footstool."(Psalm 110:1; Matt. 22:44.) The scribes, and elders, the high priest said unto him: "I

Lord, in speaking to his disciples, shortly before his adjure thee by the living God, that thou tell us whether death, said unto them: thou be the Christ, the Son of God."In reply to this

"When the Son of man shall come in his glory, and edict, Jesus said to him: "Thou hast said: nevertheless

all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon tht I say unto you, Hereafter shall ye see the Son of man throne of his glory: sitting on the right hand of power, and coming in the

"And before him shall be gathered all nations: and clouds of heaven."(Ibid., 26:6364.) When Stephen was

he shall separate them one from another, as a shepherd slain, he looked up into heaven and saw the glory of divideth his sheep from the goats: God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God.

"And he shall set the sheep on his right hand, but (ActsThe7:55.)right hand or side is called the dexter and the

the goats on his left. left the sinister. Dexter connotes something favorable;

"Then shall the King say unto them on his right hand, sinister, something unfavorable or unfortunate. It is

Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom pre- a wellestablished practice in the Church to partake of pared for you from the foundation of the world: the sacrament with the right hand and also to anoint

"For I was an hungred, and ye gave me meat: I was with the right hand, according to the custom which the

thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger, and ye scriptures indicate is, and always was, approved by ditook me in: vine injunction.

The snowcapped peaks of Mount Timpanogos.

SSssisigi '*'***:0 '

A PICTORIAL THE TABERNACLE

Of tensthe ofthousandsthousands)(andof perhapspictures that were taken, these few give a sampling of some typical scenes of the "Salt Lake Mormon Tabernacle

Choir's"historymaking tour of

Europe.

The tour left Salt Lake City by two of representatives press the Meetings in with virtually European were held every special trains on Wednesday, August city the entire also choir tour throughout (and itinerary). by President on his McKay own

Here President David O. McKay and President A. Hamer Reiser of the British Mission 10, and disbanded in Paris on Sunare pictured at a press conference, prior to the choir's arrival in Scotland. day, September 18, 1955, after having traversed some ten countries and

having sung to some sixty thousand people in twelve formal concerts, and with perhaps a dozen extra and impromptu performances.

Said to be the largest company of—Photographs by Eddie van der Veen

President McKay and Provost (Mayor) John Porter of Greenock, Scotland, exchange official greetings (freely interspersed with quotations from "Bobby"Burns) as the choir's landing in Europe is covered by newsreel cameras, the British Broadcasting Company, the British and European press, as a large number of the people of Greenock join in the welcome.

The Provost of Greenock, Provost Porter,

The Lord Provost of Glasgow (Lord Mayor) Andrew Hood extending official greetings and other Aldermen of the city council came to President McKay and the Tabernacle Choir at an official reception in Glasgow's magout on the tender which took the choir off the nificent City Hall. S. S. Saxonia to welcome them to Scottish

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PORTRAYAL OF

CHOIR IN EUROPE

American performers ever to tour Europe, the choir's party consisted of some 375 singers and staff, with friends and members of families making a total of some six hundred.

Everywhere the choir was generously welcomed by the press and public, by official representatives of

European capitals and countries, and by enthusiastic audiences, with many turned away from halls that were too small to meet the ticket demand.

And here the camera catches some of these scenes. (See also The ImPart of the audience of more than three thousand at Kelvin Hah, Glasgow, where

provement Era, pp. 564, 799, 909, the first choir concert in Europe was given. Many were turned away, and those who

918, August, November, December had heard the choir before were invited to give up their seats so that others could 1955.) be accommodated.

Free Trade Hall, Manchester, where the choir was heard on Monday, August 22, following a reception by the Deputy Lord Mayor, Alderman Richard S. Harper, J. P.,

and other Aldermen.

shores. Here are choir members, part of the

Greenock police bagpipe band, the Provost's The Lord Mayor and the Lady Mayoress of Cardiff (front row, third and fourth party, members of the ship's crew, and other from right), join with the choir and the large audience of Welsh concert patrons in passengers. singing at Sophia Gardens, Cardiff, Wales.

JANUARY 1956 17 The banquet hall in Cardiff Castle with the Lord Mayor, Ewan Harbrecht, soprano soloist, shown on the top tower

Alderman Frank Chapman, J. P., the Lady Mayoress, repreof Cardiff Castle where the Stars and Stripes were raised in honor

sentatives of the choir, the Church, the press, and the Cardiff of the choir and the country from which it came.

city council present. being

The Albert Memorial across the street from Royal Albert

Hall, London. Seen on one of the walls in the foreground is one

of many posters that appeared throughout Europe, which, with radio and newspaper and magazine stories, informed the public of the choir's appearance.

Part of the official party pictured at the groundbreaking ceremony for the London Temple, Newchapel, Surrey, England, in which the Tabernacle Choir participated, on Saturday, August 27, 1955. Left to right are Edward O. Anderson, Church architect, Mrs. Edward R. (Lottie) McKay (wife of Dr. Edward R.

McKay who was present but not in picture), Mrs. David O.

McKay, Lady Bennett, Sir Thomas Bennett, supervising architect; President David O. McKay, President A. Hamer Reiser

of the British Mission, Richard L. Evans, and Mrs. Evans. (Mrs.

Edward O. Anderson and Miss Clare Middlemiss, secretary to

President McKay, were also present but not in the picture.)

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The setting inside Royal Albert Hall where some seven thousand or more people heard the choir sing in this historic London setting.

:.. o::::.:::.;...'.:.";.;.:..;:::':

Rear view of the rounddomed Royal Albert Hall (with choir Part of choir party and official hosts at a reception given by busses in the foreground) where generations of great artists and the London County Council at the County Hall overlooking musical organizations have appeared. President McKay and his the Thames River and the Houses of Parliament. Deputy Chairparty attended this concert, also. man, G.R.D. Bradfleld headed the group of official hosts, with

other members of the council and President McKay present.

The Burgomaster of Amsterdam, Dr. Arnold J. d'Ailly Mrs. Donovan H. Van Dam of the Netherlands Mission, Mr. and

(front center with arms folded) is photographed with choir Mrs. Richard L. Evans, Mr. and Mrs. Lester F. Hewlett, Mr.

group as they emerge from the Amsterdam city chambers where and Mrs. J. Spencer Cornwall, Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Thomas,

an official reception was given. Front center, in the light gray Dr. and Mrs. Frank W. Asper, Mr. Richard P. Condie, Dr.

suit, is the Honorable Mr. Elvin Seiburt, U. S. Consul General to Alexander Schreiner, Dr. and Mrs. Thomas A. Clawson, Jr., Miss

Amsterdam, with other officials of the city of Amsterdam and Mary Jack, Mr. and Mrs. Theodore L. Cannon, Mr. and Mrs.

the choir party including Mr. Robert R. Mullen, President and Gerrit Van Tussenbroek, and others.

The choir in the Concertgebouw in Amsterdam, Wednesday, August 31, with Richard

P. Condie conducting.

Choir members boarding the Groszenbrode Gedser ferry that carried the choir between Germany and Denmark.

Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Taft Benson and Mrs. Benson, with Elder Richard

L. Evans, at the choir concert in Copenhagen. Secretary Benson had as his guests

His Excellency Robert Coe, United States

The choir concert in Kurhaus in Scheveningen near The Hague, Holland, September Ambassador to Denmark, and several other 1, 1955, where (as in Amsterdam also) His Excellency, H. Freeman Matthews, United distinguished guests of the Danish agriculStates Ambassador to the Netherlands, sponsored the concert. tural administration.

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The choir concert in the magnificent Odd Fellow's Hall in Copenhagen, Denmark, where a concert was given Saturday, September 3.

Conductor Cornwall and part of the outdoor audience of perhaps 15,000 or more who heard the male chorus of the choir perform in Tivoli Gardens, Denmark, one of Europe's famous resorts.

This concert was given in response to public appeal because the seats to the concert hall were sold out far in advance, which was true in many places where the choir appeared.

Ewan Harbrecht, Conductor Cornwall, and the choir in the Part of the West Berlin Sporthalle audience, where an extra

Sporthalle, Schoeneberg, West Berlin, where two audiences of afternoon concert was presented for refugees and others from the nearly 3,000 each assembled. Eastern Zone.

JANUARY 1956 21 Members of the choir at the Russian War Memorial in East Berlin.

I An extra afternoon rehearsalconcert was given in Wiesbaden,

Germany, at the Gr. Kurhaus Halle. This is the matinee audience.

"A venture in understanding,"some called it. And the Berlin

Telegraf said: "This was not only music, but the building of a

human bridge."Scenes of sincere goodwill and understanding such

as this, occurred in almost every city visited. Here Oberburgermeister

Dr. Walter Kolb of Frankfurt and Elder Richard L. Evans, Church

representative on the choir tour, exchange official greetings.

Frankfurt's official reception for part of the choir party in the

Magistratssitzung Saal, Rathaus. Such official receptions as this occurred in almost every city where a concert was scheduled.

22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The large Festhalle in Bern, Switzerland, was the scene of a Saturday The temple at Bern, Switzerland, where dedicaevening concert, September 10, (the night before the temple dedication) with tion services were held in six languages, under the an overflow audience of some three thousand people present. direction of President David O. McKay. The Tabernacle Choir participated in the Sunday sessions.

Traveling by rail on special trains, with each member, young and old, carrying his own luggage, was the usual means of movement in Europe. Here

choir members are seen arriving in Zurich, Switzerland.

The beautiful Grosser Tonhalle Saal in Zurich, Switzerland, with another "turnaway"audience. To

attend this concert President and Sister McKay and their party traveled by car far into the late hours of a stormy night, to and; from Bern.

JANUARY 1956 The city of Paris gave the choir its official reception as Vice President Castille of the municipal council of Paris presented medals and citations to representatives of the choir and the Church in the magnificent

Hotel de Ville (City Palace) where royalty has been received for generations, and where President Eisenhower was honored following his command of the allied forces in World War II. Here the choir, conducted by Brother J. Spencer Cornwall,

sang the Marseillaise and the Star Spangled

Banner. (Vice President Castille of the Paris

Municipal council and President Lester F.

Hewlett, of the choir, backs to the camera, are seen left of center. Elder Henry D.

Moyle was also officially present on this occasion but does not appear in the picture.)

The choir in the setting in which it sang its last European concert at the modern and luxurious Palais de Chaillot in Paris where a fascinated and responsive French audience gave a tremendous ovation. This final concert

was followed by a reception with the press and public officials under* the patronage of United States Ambassador C. Douglas

Dillon.

Outside the Palais de Chaillot with the Eiffel Tower in the background, as the choir posed and sang for newsreel services, television, and the press, on the day of the closing concert, which wonderfully ended a triumphal tour.

m*&g$mmmgm>tmm m \

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Note From Nora A By Ruth K. Kent

He folded it carefully and dropped it into the vase. "There, that will show her."

sat with pencil and pad on his meant it for fun. He was serious water faucet instead of writing about

Donlap and studied the vase on the about it. In fact, in the past week it. So it was evident that she didn't

mantle. It was cheap and ugly. he had put three notes in the vase. intend to play along.

One day Nora had complained, "This One about not enough starch in his Don had about given up writing is no good except as a dust catcher. shirts, one about watery turnips, and notes. But tonight was different. He

I'm going to smash it."one about dinner being late. Nora picked up the pencil and tapped his

"Wait,"Don had interrupted. knew how he hated to have dinner teeth. Tonight he would write her

"Let's use it."late. But she had not answered a a scorcher. He had been home half

"We can't afford to keep it filled single note. In fact they lay there an hour now, and there was no sign

with flowers,"she said. three days, and she hadn't touched of dinner. In fact, no sign of Nora!

"I know,"Don said. "Let's make them. Then he said, "Suppose we Just where could she be? She knew

a note receptacle of it."each use different colored paper so that he always wanted his dinner on

"A whatacle?"she laughed. we won't be opening our own notes. time.

"We'll make sort of a complaint You use blue paper."Perhaps she was cross about the

box of it. If we have any complaints, She looked surprised, then said, notes he wrote. But if so, why didn't

we'll write them. If we have an an- "I can't think of anything to write she answer them? True, she did put

swer to the complaints, we'll write about."more starch in his shirts and had not

them, too. It takes two to make a After that Don found his notes served turnips again.

quarrel. This way we'll never scrap missing. But never a note from Nora, No matter, he would write her a

about anything."not even an answer to his notes. In good one tonight. Then he would

"Sounds like fun,"Nora said. fact one evening she came right out put on his hat and go over to his

Don wondered now. He had not and scolded him about the dripping (Continued on page 57)

JANUARY 1956 25 self development, he left them, not suffering death, but disappearing in some way from their view. Hence it was nigh universally expected that at some time he

.. return. ARCHAEOLOGY would

the personal. appearance of this Whenever

herogod is described, it is, strangely enough, represented to be that of one of the white and the race, a man of fair complexion, with long, flowing beard, with abundant hair, and clothed in ample and loose robes. This

extraordinary fact naturally suggests the BOOK OF MORMON gravest suspicion that these stories were made up after the whites had reached the by President Milton R. Hunter American shores, and nearly all historians

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY have summarily rejected their authenticity, on this account. But a most careful

scrutiny of their source positively refutes this opinion. There is irrefrangible evidence that these myths, and this ideal of

with such strangely similar features in lothe herogod, were intimately and widely

Part VIII calities widely asunder, that it has for current in America long before any one years attracted my attention, and I have of its millions of inhabitants had ever

Ouetzakoatl—The "White been led to present it as it occurs among seen a white man. 1

several nations far apart, both geographculture. myth of This point in ically and past the century, the famous During Christ or Jesus God"Bearded

their hero, mythis national the of that achistorian Bancroft, Hubert Howe tribe, who, of the teacher civilizer ical and colgigantic a task complished by identified with often time, was the at same conquistadores Spanish the traditions lecting Indian numerous the of creator the deity and the supremeWhen first arrived fathers and Catholic of of a is It a history the producing the fundamental Amerand myth world.

on the shores of Mexico, Central very large number of American tribes, and ican Indians according to their tradidepends its recognition and interpretation on of countries various America, and the historical tions. conHis momentous

their of most of understanding correct the the Engwhen and South America, tribution resulted in the publishing life. religious and mythology

lish and French colonizers and misThe outlines of this legend are to the of thirtysix massive volumes, entitled sionaries first penetrated the vast effect that in some exceedingly remote time The Native Races. After carefully

wildernesses of Canada and the this divinity took an active part in creatcollecting and studying the numerous it to fitting in be the world and ing the the from States, they received United traditions regarding Indian a "White himself formed of have and abode man, may over the Westscattered Indian tribes the wrote Bearded God,"Bancroft rate, his race. forth the called At any or

ern Hemisphere various versions of a interest in its advancement was such that following conclusion:

tradition of a "White Bearded God"he personally appeared among the anceswho had in the distant past visited tors of the nation, and taught them the Although bearing various names and apcountries, the pearing in different or other American arts, the maize gave them their ancestors, taught them their useful cultureheroes all present the general the mysteries same into initiated them food plants, culture, mysteriously disappeared, but of their religious rites, framed the laws characteristics. They are all described as

would eventually return to them which governed their social relations, and. Daniel G. Brinton, American HeroMyths (Philaagain. This "Fair God"wc shall dishaving thus started them on the road to delphia, 1882), p. 27.

cuss under the title of Quetzalcoatl, by which he was known to the Aztec

Indians of Mexico and their Toltec predecessors; however, he was known

by various other names in the tradifootA vase,high approximatelyand nearly asa tions of a number of other Indian wide, decorated with a tribes of North and South America. bearded man somewhat

Although the traditions from the Hebraicin the museumin appearance,at Copan,is various Indian groups regarding the Honduras. According to

"White Bearded God"do not agree Dr. J. Eric S. Thompson,

of Copan, founding in details, there being a variety of the of the city an early Maya versions, yet in the principal points Old Empire, was approxithese Indian traditions from Canada mately 436 A.D.

in the north to Chile in the south have a close resemblance to each other. Dr. Daniel G. Brinton, an

American scholar who made an extensive study of this subject during the latter part of the past century, devoted the greater portion of one of his books, American HeroMyths, to this subject. The following is one of

his summary statements:

The native tribes of this Continent had many myths, and among them there was one which was so prominent, and recurred -Photos by Otto Done 26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Stele on which two bearded men are carved who resemble the description given by the Indians of the "White Bearded God."

In National Museum, Mexico City.

white, bearded men, generally clad in long robes, appearing suddenly and mysteriously upon the scene of their labors. They at

once set about improving the people by instructing them in useful and ornamental arts, giving them laws, exhorting them to practise brotherly love and other Christian virtues, and introducing a milder and better form of religion; having accomplished their

mission, they disappear as mysteriously and unexpectedly as they came; and finally,

they are apotheosized and held in great reverence by a grateful posterity. In such

guise or on such mission did Quetzalcoatl appear in Cholula, Votan in Chiapas,

Wixepechocha in Oajaca, Zamna and

Cukulcan with his nineteen disciples in

Yucatan, Gucumatz in Guatemala, Viracocha in Peru, Sume and PayeTome in Brazil, the mysterious apostle mentioned by Rosales

Chiliin (sic), and Bochica in Columbia (sic).

In the great central mesa of Mexico, the name by which the "White Bearded God"was usually known was "Quetzalcoatl."Indian writers and

Catholic padres who did extensive missionary work among the Indians of Mexico and Central America shortly following the Spanish conquest have left us numerous accounts of the traditions of Quetzalcoatl.

One of the most authentic of the

Indian writers was Ixtlilxochitl, a native American prince or chief who lived near the City of Mexico and did his writing at approximately 1600

A.D. He wrote a history of his ancestors—whom the writer believes

were the Nephites and Lamanites and of their descendants, the American Indians. His story began with

the colonization of ancient America with three separate groups of people from Babel and western Asia, which claims were identical with those made by the Book of Mormon writers.

Ixtlilxochitl continued his story down to the Spanish conquest.

This Indian prince claimed that he produced his history from written documents which had come to him from his ancestors by right of his position as prince or chief in the royal family and also from the traditions he received from the old people.

(Continued on page 42)

2Hubert Howe Bancroft, The Native Races (San

Francisco, 1883), vol. 5, pp. 2324.

President Hunter observing the carving of a bearded man who in appearance and clothing resembles Quetzalcoatl—the "White

Bearded God,"as described in Indian traditions. The date of the carving is approximately 731 A.D.; and the stele stands at Old

Chichen Itza, Yucatan, Mexico.

JANUARY 1956 27 SYNOPSIS Jed Colby, shanghaied from London and taken to sea, lands near Galveston, Texas Republic, after his ship is lost in a storm. There he finds an

army scouting party who befriend him and take him to Santa Fe. Meeting

members of the Mormon Battalion there, he decides to stow away and travel farther west with them.

Ill

Thein theearlyValleymorningof the mistMimbres.hung Thelow wait"You'duntil thinkdaylight,"the saidcolonelCox wouldas he

flame pushed back the darkness assisted Jed with the stiff straps on as Jed Colby added a large pile of the mules'collars. "You can be glad

juniper to the ashes of last night's you are not driving the oxen. They

fire. Dimly in the light could be are pretty ornery on cold mornings."

seen the low pitched tents of the Bat- "They haven't enough strength to talion. Jed flailed his arms across his be ornery now. This is a great syschest to get warm while the fire took tem,"observed Standage further.

hold of the wood and gathered "You hitch up the ox and make him strength. He was glad to have his pull your wagon. Just as he is about

turn at firebuilding done. The night to die of fatigue you quickly cut his

had been cold. throat so he can't die a natural

The men had huddled together in death, and then you have shoe leather the tents, sharing their blankets, but steak and tough stew until nothing even then their teeth had chattered is left but the horns. Tomorrow I'm

most of the night. He awoke his going to try rawhide soup. They tell

tent mates. me it's right nourishin'."

"Come out, boys. Reveille has The bugle blew "forward."Each

blown."wagon moved off, two mules on the

Stiff muscles slowly responded as tongue, four on lead, with four men men groaned their way to a standing pulling on each side on ropes atposition. tached to the axles and rigged to

"Wow! It's cold,"said Standage. their shoulders with loops in the

"Look,"said Jed as he held out the ropes. "Fortythree days of flour and sixty

water bucket, "Watch this magic!"Noon came after an eternity of days of pork, if you figure short raHe held the bucket upside down. dust, dirt, aching shoulders, legs long tions, sir,"said the lieutenant.

"Bucket upside down, but water since grown numb. The wagons "Hmra... reduce the ration to

comes not forth."stopped. one -half cup of flour a day for each

Standage grunted. "It couldn't if "It'll be a dry camp,"muttered man and onehalf pound of meat unit's as frozen as I am. How thick is Standage, "an'me not even able to til further orders."

the ice?"Jed broke the layer on the spit cotton.""The men are weak, sir,"said

bucket with the hatchet. The exhausted Battalion flung itSmith. "Further reduction will not

"Looks to me about a halfinch."self into the shade of bushes, wagon help them gain strength."

"No wonder I was cold."boxes—anything offering relief from "And neither will starvation,"

They helped each other wash the sun. The heat rose as the bright snapped the colonel. "Half rations

one holding the bucket while the sunlight bored into the desert. It was are better than quarter, and quarter

other soused his face and hands. fully an hour before the members of are better than none. Send a squad

"It's still cold,"said Standage. the squad could muster strength to back on the trail and have them

"You've got ice in your hair."Jed prepare their crude meal after the slaughter that ox we left this mornbelieved him without argument. day's ration had been issued. ing. That will help some."

"What's for breakfast?"Jed asked. Colonel Cooke was worried. He "Yes, sir,"copfirmed the lieutenant.

"Don't know,"said Standage. had heard nothing from his guides "And then have a smoke raised.

Standage began rummaging around for twentyfour hours. His mules Perhaps we can persuade some of the

in the grub box. "I've found half and oxen, poor to begin with, were Apaches to come in and trade. They

a cup of flour. Well, boys,"he said fast becoming walking skeletons. He ought to have some mules—they get

with a wry smile, "I reckon we'll be might be able to pioneer a road to enough from the Mexicans."

eating flour soup and lower tripe."the Pacific if he could have had A loud call from the corporal of

"I'm so hungry I could eat anystrong fat mules, and enough food the guard by the outpost brought a thing,"said Cox, "so hurry with the but starting out with seventy days'report of a dust coming rapidly in cookin', and a little less of the gab."rations and a ninety day or more their direction from the southwest.

After the scanty breakfast, the clear journey was asking too much. He In a few moments Charboneau and

call of the bugle came echoing sent his orderly for Lieutenant Smith. his guides rode into the camp. The

through the camp. Lieutenant Pace "Lieutenant, how many rations are colonel waited impatiently for his

called out an order, "Hitch up!"left?"report.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and serious conversation. The captains returned to their companies

to report. Most members of Company E echoed the feelings of Captain

Hunt, and worried lest the two lieutenants would influence the colonel to keep on south.

"I'm afraid,"summed up Standage sincerely, "that we'll get into Mexico and get caught by the army of the

Center, and then we'll get discharged in Mexico instead of California."

Most of the men feared the same thing, and all during the hot afternoon, as the men pulled on the ropes, they expressed their uneasiness.

That evening, while mess was being prepared, two of the men from another company called Standage aside and spoke to him in low tones.

He nodded. Jed wondered what was

so important that it would need to be whispered. Standage returned to

the fire and told his mates that the men had overheard the lieutenants—Photo courtesy Church Historian's office pleading with the colonel and strongThe March of the Mormon Battalion from a painting by G. M. Ottinger. ly advising him to go south and strike

the Sonora settlements. The colonel

appeared to be wavering in his delowing down the old road, which is cision.

about twelve miles ahead which they "Brother Levi Hancock and Father think leads to the Sonora settlement, Pettigrew want us to pray tonightAdventure we can turn down the Salt River and that the Lord will change the colostrike the Gila at the Pima villages. nel's mind and that he'll turn toward

and a young man's conversion It will take longer but will be more California. Will all of you make that

sure and safer. None of them know a matter of prayer before you rewaterholes the country or where can tire?"All agreed.

gentlemen found. do you by President S. Dihvorth Young be What

couldn't quite underColby Jed reasoning. such His experiOF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY think—Lieutenant Smith?"stand

"I rather think in our present conence of the past months had taught call better dition within be we'd to bent events strong that of him men hole except small "I find water no get food settlements can where we will. the their been had own He mile mile. twenty Ride tentwelve

is Battalion mules. and weak The of victim took advantage who fivesix mile, farther, water. no Go tired. the They'd animals and men all of the people every it off southeast. find go road Think event—andof men

it west."going never make evil. in or concerned good not sure."but road to Janos them—for

"Can we make it southwest?""I concur in Lieutenant Smith's Folks had to jump to the will of men.

"Depend on water,"said Charviews,"said Stoneman, "we should Here a strongwilled, positiveminded boneau. "If can't find, can't get travel south. The road will lead past colonel was in command, and, reathrough."water, and we can have some of the soned Jed, he would do about as he

The shrill notes of the bugles comforts of civilization en route."pleased, and now, here was a new

blowing officers'call echoed down "My opinion is not worth much kind of man. These men believed

through the camp at the noon halt, from a military viewpoint,"said Capthat by a prayer the colonel might the bugler of each company repeattain Hunt, "but this Battalion enchange his mind. It just couldn't

ing it as it was played by the musician listed to go to California; we don't be done. Kindly as the men were

of the company adjacent. The colocare much how we get there; and (and they had protected him and

nel's voice was grave as he addressed we are willing to endure hardships. shared with him all they had) they

the assembled officers and explained We do not believe that to go south couldn't quite do that. Jed had had

the Battalion's predicament: is our way. We should turn west at some experience as a small boy-

"I am informed by the guides that the earliest opportunity and strike when at his mother's knee he had they cannot find water for at least out for California by the most direct, said prayers, and he attended church twenty miles beyond the waterhole feasible route. I think I bespeak the where the pastor had called for blesswhere we will stop tonight. Charfeelings of my brother officers and ings, remote and not too definite reboneau and Leroux reported to me of all the men of the Battalion."quests. These men were going to

this morning that the trail led by Colonel Cooke dismissed all offipray for a certain thing just as he as

General Kearny is impracticable for cers but Lieutenants Stoneman and a boy asked for a pony. He couldn't

wagons. These men say that by folSmith, with whom he held a long (Continued on page 38)

JANUARY 1956 29 And you still haven't told me what the epic milieu is."

"Hand me the big Webster, will you? Thanks. Ah, here it is, the full

definition (copyright G. & C. MerThere Were Jaredites

riam and Co., 1924): milieu: medium, environment. A milieu is an

by Dr. Hugh Nibley environment, a complete environment

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY taken with all its own roots and origins; and the epic milieu is the

real world in which the events deEDITOR'S NOTE scribed in epic poems are supposed

Because of the import of the message in the following articles, to have taken place: it is that world

we interrupt the series, "The Way of the Church,"to present some and not t-he poet's imagination which significant material of concerning the Book Mormon. "The Way furnishes him with his characters and

issues. series later in will be continued of the Church"

Since Homer, Ovid, and Xenophon, once the daily fare for schoolimages. Everyone agrees today that

boys, are now sealed books to many, Dr. Nibley finds it advisable to the epic milieu described by Homer

spell out his story in the form of dialogue between typical academiwas a real one."

cians. We doubt if anyone can read carefully and thoughtfully the "And now you can tell me where

following articles without acquiring new convictions regarding the the Jaredites come into this,"said F.

will believe that read anyone Book of Mormon. who We further the "With pleasure. The Jaredites find will discussed indicated and in the sources the material impact

of the evidence irresistible. have a milieu, too. If there is a

Homeric world that vanished thousands of years ago, so also there is a

Jaredite world. And if the reality of

you really think there were "-Well,"said F., scratching his head the one can actually be proved over

So Jaredites,"said Professor F. with thoughtfully, "I still have a fair genthis great gulf of time, why cannot

of eral idea expression skeptical and what a slightly the Homeric world other?"the."

.. like. briar. was at his blackened pullanother "I'll tell you why. Because the

He hated smoking but his profession "That is a good expression, Homeric archaeological problem is a totally and institution required tweeds and world. Homer has given us a whole different one. Whereas every stu-

a pipe unequivocally as they preworld from the past, complete with dent..."

it the trimmings. attitude and all the lounging wouldscribed But now

if I interrupt, but the "Excuse me appear a than he conintellectual that that is more with which drawl is archaeological not an poet's problem fronted his visitor. world of fancy: it is the actual milieu one.

"So you really think there were in which epic poetry took its rise."

Jaredites. Well, well, and what "You mean there really was such a "Oh, come now!"

it. Students of the classicsmakes you think so now? Of course world as Homer describes?""I mean

physical remains, of ignore never there "Apparently letters, queswas. seem Your but youI read all your

.."course. tion, incidentally, soluto is basic the new."to over something be worked up

"It is new,"said the visitor, "and tion of the Homeric question itself.""Are you joking?"

yet it is very old. It is the epic "Ah, yes,"said the professor trying "... but it so happens that the

milieu that makes me think there desperately to remember something epic milieu has been most successwere Jaredites."about it, "the Homeric question."fully investigated from another angle

"Epic milieu? Epic milieu? What "There is hardly a branch of literentirely. I see you subscribe to the

on earth is that?"queried the man of ary criticism or historical analysis, A]A (American Journal of Archaelearning. For an answer, Mr. Blank including the higher criticism of the ology). That is convenient. Where

(a good enough name for the other Bible,"Blank rejoined, "that did not is that big issue that was devoted man) went to the large bookcase take its rise in the Homeric question."entirely to Homer? The year 1948,

against the wall. After a minute of "Indeed,"replied his host. I think it was. Yes, here it is.

exploration, ir* which he refused help "The Homeric question itself is You should have read this account from his host, he returned to his chair simply, How did these poems come to of Robert Wood. He was quite a bigblowing the dust from an Oxford text exist?"Blank tapped the volume imwig in his day—Under Secretary of

of Homer. pressively, "Did a creative genius State to Lord Granville, in fact. Over

"Do you remember any of this,"make them up out of thin air or are a hundred years before Schliemann he asked, "or shall I refresh your the scenes and characters depicted went to look for Troy, this man with memory?"taken from life? What do you think? his friends walked all over the ter-

"About what? A mere thousand Was there ever an Achaian host? Did rain where Homer's heroes are suppages of hexameters?"it assault a real city of Troy? Did posed to have fought and fled; and

"I mean about these people,"said such heroes as Achilles and Hector then he chartered fishing boats and

Blank, solemnly holding the book ever live?"traced 'the routes of the heroes home-

(Munro's elegant India paper edi- "I'm sure I don't know,"muttered ward bound from Troy,'it says here.

tion), "their wars and their journeys, the professor, thoughtfully stroking From this he became convinced and their intrigues and quarrels, their his chin, "but then there was Schliewas able to convince some others all that. least clothes, there that I dare they the sayfood, and had at mann stories in Homer diversions—what

.. "1 to of finding out. geographical the background. a real way,chose are ways By to do and how they chose

do it."what has this to do with the Jaredites? "And you think you can do that

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with the Jaredites?"the professor inthought there was a connection and, "Thank you. Note the acknowlterposed. as the book says, he 'intended to write edgment to 'the late elegant Mr. Shen-

"Of course not. No one has ever a detailed work in which similarities stone,'who really started the thing.

identified a single Nephite artifact, of the cultures exhibited in the Old Here in the introductory essay (Sec.

let alone a Jaredite ruin! But that is Testament, in Homer, and in the ii) Percy says that the ancient minnot our problem at all, nor was it Near East of his own day should be strels 'had before them too many reWood's solution to the Homeric quescollected, and prove that the "Heroic cent monuments of the AngloSaxon

tion. It was only important as a Age"is a real and recurrent type nation, not to know what was conpreliminary step, in fact."in human society... and that formable to the genius and manners

"So what did our Mr. Wood do Homer's picture of that of Greece is of that people; and therefore we may

next?"reliable.'"2 presume that their relations prove

"Next he went to Syria, and there "And did our man succeed?"at least the existence of the customs

came upon 'a type of community "Unfortunately he died before he and habits they attribute to our forestrangely remote from the world of could carry out the project, but he fathers before the conquest, whatcontemporary scholarship,'but it was did publish an essay on the nature of ever becomes of the particular inci- a real world, just the same. You epic poetry that made a big impresdents and events themselves.'Note

know how many travel classics have sion on the Germans. 2 That was how he goes to the heart of the thing:

given substance to the mysterious the time, you know, when the Geras a historical source for 'particular

Bedouin world since Wood's day. man romantics were busy reconstructincidents and events'these old poems

Well, Robert Wood's critical eye deing the wonderful misty world of may not be worth a bean, but the tected the same 'combination in the woods and crags from which they sort of thing they describe, the things

Arab traits of savagery and chivalry fondly supposed their own national that happen recurrently, familiar which also characterizes the heroes epic poetry took its rise. In England scenes, and accepted patterns of beof the Iliad.'Was that just a coinciBishop Percy was hot on the trail havior may be reliably reported and

dence, he asked himself, or could the of another epic milieu. Two years carefully confirmed in their verses.

ways of the modern Arabs be used to before Wood's essay appeared he In other words, it is possible to decheck, of all things, the authority of brought out the first edition of his Retect in the early English ballads just

Homer?"liques of Ancient English Poetry...."such a genuine cultural milieu as one

"Lehi in the Desert stuff, eh?""It's right behind you,"said the discovers in Homer."

"You might say. Anyway, Wood professor, "third shelf from the top.""And where does that get us?"

"To our next point, which is that one not only finds genuine epic milieux (how do you pronounce a final 'x'by the way?) looming behind

one ancient literature after another, but also when you compare those different milieux they are all the same!""Do you mean to tell me that Bishop Percy's English Heroic Age or epic milieu, or whatever you call it, is exactly like Homer's—two thousand years earlier?"

"That is what I am coming to. For

a long time the Germans, for example, insisted that they had a very private epic world of their own. But

An artist's conception of Schneider, the leader in the field, has the Tower of Babel. shown how they gradually came to

From a painting by Goff Dowding recognize that the epic world described in their poems was exactly like that depicted in the epics of other nations: so they finally came

to the conclusion that epic poetry in general is not the product of a national spirit or a poet's fancy but before everything else of the Voelkerwanderungszeit time of the—the3 Migrations."Great

"So the Teutons were like the Greeks. That's not too surprising."

"But it is only the beginning. At

the turn of the century Hugo Wincklcr in that old classic "Die

Keilinschriften und das Alte Testa- (Continued on following page) JANUARY 1956 31 A

ambiguous material remains of preTHERE WERE JAREDITES historic Mesopotamia. It is of a purely literary and historical character.'"G (Continued from preceding page) epic or heroic milieu—it furnishes the

me, that is something! Andmerit—I see you have it here—wrote ideas and images reflected in the "Dear

as follows: poems."he actually thinks that Greek, In-

"A very majestic concept, this epic dian, and Teutonic heroic ages can

We now know that the tides of people, background of the oldest literature. explain doings of the first Sumerians?"

as the at thesuch beginning Germans that; he than go farther "They it find everywhere?"must of But youthe are (these the Ages,""Middle "Great

early 'to the the key they furnish not, course but where we do says "Of to), just referredMigrations"the Islamic we the ancient Near East... ofexpansion, the TurkishTatar-Mongol movefind it, are beginning to know history we "7 as a whole.'ments, etc., not anything were stand."extrawhere we

ofordinary, the the history ancient and that But Jaredites, eh? the "Including are pray, 'we'?"who, "And

is likewise of continuous aworld composed is poem."of Ether book I mean. But your what "You know.*.. migrations.chain of such

it to be remains "That in experts quite are there a number noseen—whatepic

"He is pointing out here a fact that of fields who are finding the fact of a was, that is, before Moroni got is now being appreciated every day, worldwide heroic age of great servthrough with it remains to be seen.

namely, that the great migrations ice in helping them interpret their But please remember that epic writwere by no means confined to one materials.. In many cases it is, in ing does not always take the same

period of the world's history, but have fact, decisive, and I think it will prove form by any means; but it does albeen a recurrent event, involving all decisive in the case of the Jaredites."ways talk about the same things. And

of Europe and Asia, throughout his- "How about a concrete example?"those are the very things the book of

toric times.""That, of course, is what I wanted Ether talks about. In all essentials

"But if it is these great migrations you to ask. I love concrete examples it is an epic production."

that produce epics, shouldn't there Well, here is Professor Samuel Kra- "Which, as you say, remains to be be a lot more epic poems than there mer, writing in this same useful seen,"replied the professor.

are?"volume of the A]A... ""Of course it remains to be seen.

"A natural, if hasty, conclusion. A "He's an orientalist, isn't he?"Three things in particular remain to

more correct deduction would be that "Yes, he is our top Sumerian be seen: (one) Is the epic milieu old

epic literature should be much vaster scholar, and in his archaeological enough, and is its reality well enough not than it is but than we have capacity he is the director of the Uniestablished and defined to provide a hitherto supposed it to be. Actually versity of Pennsylvania Museum. And valid test for the book of Ether? (two)

investigations now going on are showhere he tells us that our epic milieu Is the epic milieu truly and unmising that for lo, these many years, the provides the only possible means yet takably depicted in the book of Ether?

scholars "have had all sorts of epic devised of reconstructing the history (three) Can it be faked? You will

material lying around under their of the earliest Sumerians."realize that much depends on the last

noses without knowing what it was.""Wait a minute! When you say question, which we haven't even men-

"Are you serious?"our epic milieu, do you mean Homer tioned until now,."

"Actually it has only been since the and the Northmen?""You insist on talking about the

1930's that the real nature and scope "Exactly. It is the epic literature epic milieu as if there were only one.

of the epic world has begun to be apof those people that enables him to Aren't there really.as many of them

preciated. It was the studies of H. interpret the new Sumerian evias there are epic literatures?"

Munro Chadwick and Milman Parry dence.""Like gold, it is the same wherever

in our own generation that first "What is this new evidence?"you find it, the same effects always

showed the real nature of the epic. "Kramer says it is contained in the following the same causes. It is true

Back to our A]—here you have it: fragments of nine epic poems, which that one can establish actual historical

indicate 'that early in their history ties between various epic cultures

Poetry is heroic only because it is created the Sumerians had passed through a even between some that appear very living in a certain are people aby who outlook certain on cultural stage now commonly known far removed from each otruT. But so a haveway, and

life, and our understanding of the heroic as a heroic age.... Once the existwhatever its cause, it is the fact of

will come only as we learn what that way ence of a Sumerian heroic age had uniformity that justifies one in speakof living is and grasp that oudook. We been determined, it was possible to ing of the epic milieu as a single

is cattleliftingfind, for that a example, of its cultural It is pattern adduce and case not a hisphenomenon.

in the ancient European themecommon torical genanalogy with background on coincidences between vague and it is ofpoetries, there because found but no law of poetry, but because these people such longknown heroic ages as those eral aspects of various cultures or behappen to live in a way which led them of the Greek, Indian, and Teutonic tween quaint and striking bits oi to the stealing of cattle on the one hand peoples.'He feels that the reality such detail as dress and behavior,''

other. of the practice poetry onand the of the epic milieu has actually 'perwhat we have is an elaborate and

is not in early heroic poetry elementThe a problem of lore, but one of anthropology mitted a reinterpretation of the earlithorough-going identity of practices and history, and the students of heroic est history of Mesopotamia which and institutions, always found topoetry have done a very great deal in showmay prove closer to the truth than gether in the same imposing comsocialing how the background is mirrored those suggested hitherto.'"G plex."

...in poetry.

"What about his archaeological ac- "It would take an awful lot of "No matter when and where it is tivities?"work to prove that,"the professor obproduced, genuine epic poetry can be "They are out. 'Fortunately enough served.

only the product of a particular way (he writes here), this new evidence "And an awful lot of work has gone of life, and that way of life is our has nothing to do with the highly (Continued on page 58) 32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Along the

Scouting

Trail

by Don Crockett EAGLE SCOUT, CACHE VALLEY COUNCIL

Don Crockett

Eagle Scouts have reached the goal faith and righteousness will preserve of high principle and responsible citiof every boy who enters the these sacred blessings. zenship, and the duty they have to

scouting program. It takes much This program is made attractive God and our respective churches.

perseverance, patience, and skill to to boys because it offers them the exEagles know the full meaning and achieve this rank, and every Scout has citement and the experiences in which purpose of scouting. It is now up to

many cherished memories gained all they are interested. By setting atthem to plant the spirit of scouting

along the Eagle trail. tractive goals for the boys, the proin the younger boys farther down the

I can still remember my first campgram gives them a chance for the scouting trail.

ing experience as if it were yesterday, thrill of achievement. The skills that When an air force man gets his

and I'll never forget my fiftieth night they learn in striving for these goals wings, he is ready to fly and fulfil his out as long as I live. But in striving will be of help to them all through duty to his country. Also when a

for the goal of Eagle Scout, boys gain their lives. The thrilling experiences boy receives his Eagle badge, he aceven more important benefits that and the companionships will forever cepts the responsibility of giving

are not quite so tangible. be remembered. younger boys the same chance he had

Leadership ability is developed in The merit badge program which at earning the highest rank. He is

every Eagle. He gains the friendranges from aviation to zoology inwell -trained and has the tools with

ships of many of the finest men in cludes many requirements which which to work. How much he acthe community which he would not teach the Scout the principles of complishes and how far he goes is

ordinarily have. But most of all he democracy and good citizenship. In up to him.

learns the difference between right troop or post meetings, boys who adEagles have the power to influence and wrong through living the Scout vance are given the opportunity of younger Scouts along the paths of oath and law. This is truly the purleading other boys, thus training the truthfulness and knowledge. This

pose of scouting—to build the good leaders of the men of tomorrow. power Eagles must use with all the

citizens of tomorrow. In every rank, obligation to God resources at their command in order

What better way is there for learnand church is carefully woven into to fulfil the responsibility of wearing ing the satisfaction and joy of helpthe overall requirements and is a the Eagle badge. This includes acing others than through adhering to main requirement for the highest tivity in troop and post meetings,

the Scout slogan. A boy advancing rank, the Eagle. full cooperation with leaders, and

in scouting becomes close to his Those who have attained this rank readiness to give any boy the help church and begins to learn the meanrealize that they have gained much and advice he seeks. But in the larger

ing of "Duty to God."Scouting is more than a red, white, and blue sense, it means continued dedication

making sure that the citizenry and the medal and a wealth of practical to the code of good living expressed leaders of tomorrow will have the knowledge. They have the friendin the Scout Oath:

religious background and the firm ships of the leading men in their On my honor, I will do my best—

belief in God that will keep our nacommunity who have unselfishly To do my duty to God and my tion from the fate of Rome. The given their valuable time to help country, and to obey the Scout Law;

rights and privileges that we enjoy young boys along the scouting trail. To help other people at all times;

in this nation and hold so dear, were Through association with these fine To keep myself physically strong, inspired by God, and only continued men, Scouts are able to see the value mentally awake, and morally straight.

JANUARY 1956 33 PART 4

\JF HIS ELDEST BROTHER, SolomonMack wrote: Solomon Mack

Jason, my oldest brother, was a studious and manly boy. Before he had attained

his sixteenth year, he became was what called a Seeker, that believingthen and by and His Family prayer and faith the gifts of the gospel, which were enjoyed by the ancient disciples of Christ, might be attained, he labored almost incessantly to convert others to the by Archibald F. Bennett secretary, genealogical society

same faith. He was also of the opinion

that God would, at some subsequent period, manifest His power as He had anciently ing signs pointment. for two54 years, died the victim of disapnowater.nourishmentShe lay inexceptthis situationa very threelittle daysrice and wonders.done—in

At the age of twenty he became a preacher and two nights. On the third night, about

of the gospel. And in a short time after Sickness brought further tragedy. two o'clock, she feebly pronounced the name

this he formed an acquaintance with a While the father of the family and of Lovina, who had all the while watched of parentage. wealthy Sheyoung woman

of pride the place she the eldest son Jason were away, the overservingher everypillow changelike an andattendantsymptomangel,withobin whichwas the resided, not so much on account of her mother was stricken and lay at the the deepest emotion.

splendid appearance, as the soundness of point of death. Of this Lucy wrote:

her mind and her stately deportment, joined Then occurred what Solomon Mack of I arrived eight at the age of disposition unaffected mildnesswith When an years, in his Narrative pronounced to be a fit sickness. of severe mother had a condescension of manners, which myand a

were admirably suited to the taste and She was so low that she, as well as her miracle.

principles of my brother. Jason became friends, entirely despaired of her recovery.

deeply in love with her, insomuch that his During this sickness she called her children Of the two written testimonies of heart was completely hers.... These feelaround her bed and, after exhorting them what followed, the father's and the

ings, I believe, were mutual, and Jason and always to remember the instructions which daughter's, that of Lucy Mack Smith had given into entered engagement to be marsheshe an them—to is more complete in beautiful details: before uprightlyried, but, as they were making arrangements Him—shefeargaveGod meandtowalkmy

take to requesting Stephen, brother of their himfor nuptials, the solemnization my at of Startled Lovisa's the hearing sound his of as care bring and up letter ownfather me received me Liverpool con- a from voice, the Lovina emaciated bent over now child, of farewell. us then each bade of large a information thattaining amount

of sister interest, thrilling her form with to do, as but promised This brother it for that collected him, my and wasmoney sister! said, sister! will what and "my my it not shortly recovered mother was for his reception. my readywas

I at you?"necessary, consequently remained it and this intelligence of account was On

55 "the Lovisa said then emphatically, Lord father's house. of as the that brother,agreed marriage my my

soul healed has both me, and body—raise desired father that should he accommy

I clothes, give to wish up and me me my sickness, eventually to Again deferred Liverpool, be should and himpany get up."their return. brotheruntil Accordingly, my circle. family death, the invaded told those watchhusband were Her wholeft his affianced bride a heart with heavy Lovina, writes that "Lovisa Lucy all and as her, ing gratify in her with to probthis that write promise, with he wouldand

it ability revival before a death and was sisters,"insepaoldest two were my sister least his conjointly, atto her and last her in not crossed her have he would rable companions. three absence. his in duringonce months

moments. after accordhis departure, threeIn months reluctance, did so supas they with They faith, action, in in in love, were one They to ining arrived agreement, a letter which live she posed longer a might few moments life. of eternal in were and hope They reception, with a very but metdeed warm

if she did exhaust not too strength her much together, old always they were and whenit him. followed never another was from by

herself exerting this in by manner. to of duties the Chrisunderstand a enough

tian, they united their voices in prayer and Having raised her in bed, they assisted

There was another suitor, a "young songs of praise to God. This sisterly affecher to dress; and although, when they raised

man who kept the post office."He tion increased with their years, and her to her feet her weight dislocated both

detained the remainder of the letters strengthened with the strength of their of her ankles, she would not consent to insisted to return being her bed, but upon lives of their The pathway was letters sent; forged supminds. thenJason

set in chair a her having and feet drawn until never clouded a gloomy with shadow bring- a friendposedly of Jason, from gently in to joints order ankle her have Lovisa's marriage removal home, from and ing the heartbreaking word that Jawhich left Lovina very lonely. replaced....

son was dead. At length this suitor, In about two years after Lovisa's marWhen this was noised abroad, a great

by continual persuasion, gained her riage, she was taken very sick and sent for multitude of people came together, both to concerning the strange and see and as expected, Lovina, might be went hearconsent, and they were married—-just Lovina. marvelous circumstance had taken which immediately her sister remained with and

four months before Jason returned. during her illness, which lasted two years, place. She talked to them a short time

baffling the skill of the most experienced and then sang a hymn, after which she

As soon as Jason arrived he repaired imphysicians; but at the expiration of this dismissed them, promising to meet them

mediately to her father's house. When he time she revived a little and showed some next day at the village church, where she

arrived there she was gone to her brother's symptoms of recovery. would tell them all about the strange manfuneral; he went in and seated himself in... but soon a violent reattack brought ner in which she had been healed.

the same room where he had once paid his her down again, and she grew worse and The following day, according to promise, addresses to her. In a short time she came worse until she became entirely speechless, she proceeded to the meeting house, and

home; when she first saw him she did not and so reduced that her attendants were when she arrived there a large congregaknow him, but when she got a full view of not allowed to even turn her in bed. She took tion had collected. Soon after she entered

his countenance she recognized him and the minister arose and remarked that, as uHistory of Joseph Smith By His Mother, Lucy fainted.instantly forward this time of the congregation doubtless From had many

9-11. pp. lingerSmith, but, recovered her health, nevershe cirto hear strange a recital of the <*Ibid., come 30. p.

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with all that serenity which is characteristic of the last moments of those who fear God and walk uprightly before him."Lucy, at their home in

Gilsum, was her constant attendant.

"Although I was but thirteen years old,"the latter wrote, "she was so emaciated that I could carry her with considerable ease.... I never allowed myself to go an hour, at a time,

beyond the sound of her voice while she was sick."

In the nighttime, just before she breathed her last, she bore testimony to her youthful associates and to her family of the goodness of God.

ESS Then, slightly turning and straightening "Father, continued, she in bed, herself the Mass., where of Montague, Mack Family lived after the outbreak early view An

sister, dear companbrother, and mother, died. Tuttle Revolution, Mack where Lovinaof the and

I all farewell, going ions, am to rest—pre-

... follow me. pare to

cumstance which had taken place in the I will walk before the Lord in the land After repeating [a] hymn, she folded across felt her breast and then closed himself hands more of the living. her as heneighborhood, and

eyes forever. a gospel her in hearinginterested in it than

discourse, he would open the meeting and Having sung, she arose and adTuttle. place to Mrs. givethen dressed the audience: The death of Lovina must have ocher to sing requested minister then The

in the year was 1788. She * curred her did so, and accordingly shea hymn; sat her she husband down, When at GilCemetery in the and buried Bond as as it hadvoice high and clear was sister, her during those with were also who

ever been. the last night of her sickness, arose and sum. Before long her sister Lovisa

testified to her appearance just before her was to rest by her side. Her father,

One can sense the dramatic intersudden recovery. Of these things she conSolomon Mack, was with her in her

est of that tense audience as she sang: tinued to speak boldly for the space of three last moments.

years. After meeting she returned home a

letter South a from regained she He received (mile a half), and after and

I heard Lord, he hath love because the her strength about my her that she went "stating Massachusetts, usual Hadley, supplications. voice and 50 my labour. of the very consumplow Lovisa was his ear inclined unto me, he hathBecause

therefore will I call upon him as long as tion and that she earnestly desired sister already Lovina had Her I live. as as soon see her and to come behim

of cough, afflicted severe a death sorrows compassed me, withThe.. come live to but possible, expected as she

II trouble sorrow.. was found and... conin the dreaded ended which time."a short low, me. brought helped he and linyears she three For sumption.

rest, for the unto thyReturn my soul; O

Lord hath dealt bountifully with thee. gered, calmly "contemplating death My father set out immediately and when

rather arrived her in there hast found he thouFor delivered my soul from Mlbid., pp. 1215; also A Narrative of the Life of he

... In expected. a few death. better health than he Mack, pp. 4244. Solomon

days after he got there she resolved in her heart to return with him at all hazards.

To this her father unwillingly consented, and after making the requisite preparations, they started for Gilsum.

They traveled about four miles and came to an inn kept by a man by the name of

Taff. Here her father halted and asked her

if she did not wish to tarry a short time to rest herself. She replied in the affirmative. By the assistance of the landlord,

she was presently seated in an easy chair.

My father then stepped into the next room to procure a little water and wine for her.

He was absent but a moment; however,

when he returned it was too late, her spirit had fled from its earthly tabernacle....

The father's account of this event gives these additional details:

I went after her and got her to Montague to landlord S—(Severance). I took her

out of the carriage and set her in a chair

**?:-J 'History of Joseph Smith By His Mother, Lucy

An early inn in Montague, Mass. It was in a similar inn or tavern in Montague Smith, pp. 151-8.

that Lovina Tuttle died. (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1956 35 only the name of Solomon Mack apSOLOMON MACK AND HIS FAMILY pears. 04 This was Solomon, Jr., who

father in 1797; his had married first had over built the Conthe bridge, preceding page) dam (Continued from

G1 Falls 1793. river, in at necticut Turners three to live in where Tunbridge gone got died. instantly I immediatelyand she

a coffin made and then carried her home. of his married children were then reTurners Falls had an Indian name siding. The youngest, Lucy, has preThe story of Lucy then resumes:—Peskeomskut, the place or river diserved the circumstances connected

vided by rocks. The Fall River flows with her marriage.

My father immediately addressed a letter into the Connecticut River here.

death of Lovisa's her mother,to informing

lest corpse of seeing the the shock unexMany stories are yet preserved of GilsumI remaineduntil withthe deaththem of(myLovina.parents)Soonin

forceful character ingenuity as her. the soon shouldpectedly and overcome And brother Stephen, after was which who my 02

coffin proceeded get could aas on he he of Elisha Captain Mack. to at living Vermont, Tunbridge, came my

fifty of forhis a distance journey Gilsum, insisted ernestvisit so a father's he and on It living the family while was wasmiles. that ly accompanying him on home my my third that at son Solomon's Montague sister side of her.. the buried. She by was consented. parents

58 experience. a Daniel hazardous had request. to herLovina, according I own I at beTunbridge, remained While

The story is told by his sister Lucy. came acquainted with a young man by the

Happier events in the Mack famname of Joseph Smith, to whom I was submarried. sequently others, several in with was company Heily these sorrows. had preceded On year, brother one with I continued my river, of Miller's the standing once bank on daughter. the third 26, 1786,January I a but went was home. then at home of the in the one of Montague, town when

Lydia Mack, had married Samuel Bill number proposed taking a swim. Daniel short time when my brother came after

of Gilsum, of a prominent and wellobjected, saying it was a dangerous place me again and insisted so hard upon my

I that to returning concluded with him in, to they yet determined, and were swim family. second thetodo In 1788

so. this time with I remained And him do in; into three the stream but, out going wentson, married Stephen TemperMack, I until married, place the took which was far rather the they too overpowered by were

05 were Bond. Grandchildrenance next January. of they becurrent a kind which eddy and

ginning to gladden the hearts of fell into, and they sank immediately.

Solomon Mack and his wife Lydia. 59 At this Daniel said, "Now, gentlemen, Touring this second visit twin daughSolomon Mack was ever engaged these men are drowning; who will assist "ters were born to Stephen Mack

risk life?"his of anat the one No his wife Temperance, September and forin building the benefit and the into water imthemswered. sprang At this he 13, 1795.'!f marriage of Joseph 'The pioneer of the growingprovement of to the found one and, diving bottom,

communities. The Mack Genealogy, them fastened to some small roots. Daniel Smith and Lucy Mack, January 24,

p. 882, makes this statement regardtook hold of him and tore up the roots to 1796, by Seth Austin, justice of the

clinging brought and him which he was recorded peace was by H. Hutchinhis brothering Samuel Mack:

67 to get told the bystanders out, then and a son, Tunbridge. Clerk of Town

it rolling of for barrel purpose the on him child last remaining unmarried The bridge builder, a great Samuel Mack was to the water disgorge in order make him being the first one to build a dam across which he had taken. He then went in of the family, "Daniel Gates Mack,

the Connecticut River. He built with help again and found the other two in the same of Montague, Mass., married Sally

of his brother Solomon, also his nephew situation as the first and saved them in like Ball, of Montague, at Tunbridge, Vt.,

Solomon, the dam at Bellows Falls. manner. 27 January, 1799."cs When Solomon

rolling short After time a them on the Mack and wife Lydia removed to to took gave a house he them The census of Massachusetts for barrel, and 1790 shows that Solomon Mack and them every possible attention....3 Tunbridge, they probably lived with

his brother, Captain Elisha Mack, these newlyweds. The census of Tunwere both living in the town of Daniel appears to have continued bridge, Vermont, for 1800, lists not

a large only Stephen with Mack years. to reside for some in Montague in 3 males withMontague—Solomon with but also Solomon Mack Solfamily, the father, Solomon, But and of (himage the family over 16 years

self, and sons Daniel Gates and omon, Jr., after the dam and canal one male in family between 2645,

over female one 45, male between one Gilto there, finished returned were Elisha females. 3 Solomon, and Jr.,) 69 45. 2645, over female one and of Levies the In Gilsum sum. Grand 16, 16, and over under 3 males 4had

at the died mother Mack's Solomon listed for are the years 1795 1793 and sonin-law Tuttle, females. 3 Joseph

88. of age advanced of and the Solomon names Mack 1 of at with Hadley, Solomon, was

for over account Solomon Mack's 10, 60 Stephen Mack. November On females. 16, 2 overmale and

is brief: years exceedingly a dozen in property sold Stephen 1793, Mack in census the Stephen is shown Mack

of New Hampshire, 1790, as living in Gilsum for 80 pounds. That same I went to work and shifted from plan to

Gilsum. year he had a daughter born in Tunplan till at length I moved to Tunbridge

bridge, Vermont, where he now made in Vermont. On my passage, I undertook

his home. In the levies for 1796 and driving cattle, but by accident, I fell and

Tn the History of Montague, p. 247, 1797 are named Solomon Mack and broke my wrist. I walked eight miles be-

I* that I could get time it set. By titled Hall is a section "Our of Solomon Mack, Jr. From 1799 on, fore

all property, altho had gained some I was of brief tale twenty It is a Fame."

afflicted cripple this a time broken with and exbridges has principle cantilever in been 01The of the famous people most who all bridges had tensively ancient used modern and sicknesses. sore to all bones, and add To

in Bridge ancient Shogun's the over world. in The those in lived Montague. Among I rest, of for bail the a became number is believed A. D. dating 500 back to about Japan,

this of the type. the oldest I One be for, all known of that people, was and listed was Elisha Mack: to bondman

bridges the built ever cantilever outstanding most

I I all had, had to pay every and took is It to interesting is note in Scotland. Bridge Forth

5. CAPTAIN ELISHA MACK, mechanical thatdiscoveryElishaby Mackhis townspeoplewas accordedlate thein honorthe eighteenthof this Gilsum Town Records, Vol. I, pp. 420426.

engineer, discoverer of the cantilever century. History of Joseph Smith by his Mother, Lucy

KE. B. Pressey. History of Montague, Mass., pp. Smith, pp. 3031.

Records, A, p. 119. Book Tunbridge Mass., Town 1819; History the of Greenfield, Narrative pp. 532535, Life of Solo154-155; Ibid., of pp. A

V bid., 129. A, Book p. 640641. 44. Mack, mon

131. sIhid., A, I, p. Book 469. aiHistory 512, his Mother, Vol. Lucy Smith by of Joseph Records, pp. 5!1Giisum Townp.

97. 2728. 1800, p. 00Census 114. 117, of Vermont Mass., of Smith, 1790, pp. pp. 01)Census

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA farthing, and it reduced me to poverty again, in advanced age without the means of hireing or any one to relieve our wants.'The Best Way to Start the New Year

In the fall of the year 1810, when is to Start Saving!

in his seventyninth year, he suffered rheumatism pain fromextreme and THE BEST WAY TO his to bed all winter.was confined

In humility of spirit he began to reSTART SAVING -AND the to search past life his andview he, CONTINUE SAVING earnestly. "I wrote had,"Bible

"all these number of years been IS WITH A totally blind to the things that belonged to my peace."He prayed to

God eagerly to have mercy on him.

In his search for truth his wife, he BOOK says, was his only instructor. In the spring the Lord appeared to be MONEY

with me, but for my own satisfaction, I thought like this as I was sitting one evening by the fire, I prayed to the Lord, if he was with me that I might know it by allthis might my pains token—that be CONVENIENT - COMPACT

the be for that night; and blessedeased

Lord, I was entirely free from pain that ASK US ABOUT IT night, and I rejoiced in the God of my salvation, and found Christ's promises verified that what things soever ye ask in prayer, believing, ye shall receive, and not one jot or tittle would fail; and the Lord so shined zion's savings bank

light into my soul that every thing appeared new and beautiful. Oh how I loved my

I could loved neighbors; how my enemies—I Trust defor thing appeared every them; pray CompanyPRESIDENT & DAVID O. McKAY,

is beautiful. lightful. of love Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. Christ The Salt Lake City Temple & Main. 71 Sooth

With customary vigor he determined to serve the Lord faithfully the rest of his life, and to strive to make neglect. past for any amends

his love and testiWhere Something's Always to share In order mony with all mankind, he published in a little pamphlet his life experiences, "at the expence of the Author,"concluding with these words: COOKING

My friends when you read this journal remember your unfortunate friend Solomon

Mack, who worried and toiled until an old age, to try to lay up treasures in this world, but the Lord would not suffer me to have Everywhere in the Intermountain West, The Salt it; but now I trust I have treasures laid

up that no man can take away.... Lake Tribune is one of the important keys to

Although I am a poor cripple unable to better life and better living. On the farm and in

walk much, or even to mount or dismount my horse, I hope to serve my God by his the cities, The Tribune conveys new ideas that assistance to divine acceptance, that I may mean lighter burdens and new, wholesome variety at last leap for joy to see his face and hold him fast in my embrace. 72 every day. Wise housewjfes look to The Tribune

daily for new recipes to please their families and new

In a few years more Solomon Mack ideas to lighten household duties. News for homewas parted from his faithful companion by death. She died about makers is just one of the outstanding daily features of

1818, presumably in Tunbridge or the newspaper that binds together the IntermounRoyalton, but no gravestone inscriptain West.

tion to her name has been located after diligent search.

(To be continued) "A Narrative of the Life of Solomon Mack, pp. alt fate %titrotw 1718.

-Hbid., pp. 2324. One of America's Great Newspapers

'2Ibid., p. 44.

JANUARY 1956 37 his officers, "I was not ordered to

HIGH ADVENTURE Mexico. I was ordered to California,

and I'm going to take this Battalion '(Continued from page 29) We acknowledge him as the leader. there or die in the attempt. Bugler,

swallow such an idea. Of course, he Influence his mind and cause him to blow to the right. Forward, march!"

had listened many nights and morngo to California as thy prophet diThe first wagon swung off the ings as these men had asked God for rected. And this we ask in the name road and headed west across the mesa.

protection on their families so far of thy son, Jesus Christ. Amen."Unbelieving eyes saw it start. Then

away, but the men couldn't know how Another man took the place of a mighty shout went up. Men

much, if any, of these prayers did any Pettigrew and made a like prayer. sprang to their feet and, cheering and

good. Jed cautiously crawled away. When laughing, pulled on the ropes with

of earshot got he headed and up for These a a will. they boy out where thoughts—serious California—that's

feeling as if toward camp, he'd his his going! share been were—filled

spying. If the pray, to wanted menof his the evening time bless the colonel,"said Petti- "God mindchores—thenas he did

was his own. Since work Cox and that was their business, but it grew.

Standage had gone off, he was left sounded odd that grown men would "Amen,"echoed the straining men.

to his own resources. He thought do the things that only children did. Jed trudged in silence, wondering.

stirred reached camp and up the takehe'd a stars walk. shone He The Colonel Cooke watched them as

fire. into he crawled Thenclear in the dry Mexico atmosNew west. his they turned For a "giveout"

phere and seemed strangely close and blanket. Battalion they showed remarkable

familiar. He was walking on a road. Morning came. The cold had spirit. They might make it through

It seemed good for a change to feel penetrated to the marrow of all the after all.

the old ruts, the hardpacked earth men so that as they arose misery Within a mile of the turnoff, and where the feet of countless oxen had showed in every face. Jed hugged the while the road to Janos was still

the fire, but being dishes werebeaten when said it down. the road Some within easy sight—and reach—the

is asked, he "Standage,led toward Janos. who might not washed, Janos Battalion struck sand. wagon The

be much, but it meant people and your prophet?"wheels sank over the fellies at each

settlements. Off to the left the dim "What makes you ask that questurn. The mules, able at first to

outline of a peak stood out higher tion?"countered Standage. go for half a mile without a halt,

than the surrounding ridges. Jed "I was just wondering."now could cover scarcely one hunthought he'd like to climb it. He'd The road to Janos, dim, but still dred yards. The men pulling on the

be able to see a lot of country from a road, bore off to the southwest. ropes, soon sweat out what little

there, he allowed. The faint cry of The Battalion moved slowly along moisture was in their bodies and be-

a wolf and the yapping of a nearer its dim outline as the morning sun gan to lag. They had not enough

coyote gave him a sense of lonelibegan to warm them and thaw out strength to pull. Colonel Cooke

ness. He thought of his mother their cold stiffened muscles. They ordered a halt. This would never

what was she thinking? Wouldtopped a hill and looked down a do. Some way had to be found to

n't she be surprised if she could valley. Off to the right a broad, flat move faster.

see him now? He turned past a mesa led to a mountain ten or fifteen "Why not tramp a road for the

point of rock and suddenly stopped. miles away, and then disappeared wagons?"suggested Captain Hunt.

He heard voices. Instinctively he around its southern end in mirages "Let the men walk in double file,

crouched close to the ground while of cool mist and water. The road just the distance of the wagon wheels

he analyzed the sound. With relief went down into the valley then bore apart. That should make the sand

he caught an occasional word in off southeast toward Mexico—to- a little more firm."

English. It wasn't Indians then—he ward Janos—toward the army of the "We'll try it,"decided the colonel.

could risk investigation. Throwing Center. Colonel Cooke surveyed the "Half of the men will pull, and half

himself flat he crawled and wriggled outlook. will break trail. Every hour the men

through the scattered cover until he "Blow a halt,"he ordered the will change positions. Give the

was just behind a bush on the edge bugler. order!"

of a small clearing. Glad for a breather, the men The train moved forward once

Kneeling in a compact group were quickly sat down, while the panting more... three hundred men breakabout fifteen of the Battalion men. mules stood with widespread legs, ing trail—tramping out a path—folHe recognized Standage and Cox and their sides heaving. lowed by the wagons—with men

several others of his company. KneelMixed emotion showed on the straining on the ropes on each side.

ing in the center of the circle was the colonel's face. He was a soldier. They covered three miles by the noon

man called Father Pettigrew. PettiGeneral Kearny had said to follow halt.

grew was praying him down the Gila. The guides had "Pretty slow going,"remarked

"And now, Father, we have come said it was impossible, but that Standage as he flung himself down into this wilderness at the word of around yonder mountain a way under a bush. "I could do with

thy prophet that all would be well. might be found if they could get about ten gallons of water right now."

We were instructed to go to Caliwater. In the one direction might His lips were cracked and swollen,

fornia to help thy people find a new lie death from thirst. The road was and Jed could see that he really was

home in the mountains. Our leaders more certain—but it might lead them suffering.

now want to change our course and to a Mexican campaign. Suddenly "Do you think we'll find water?"

go to Sonora. Father, wilt thou his face cleared, determination asked Jed as he dropped down beside

change the mind of Colonel Cooke? showed in his demeanor as he said to Standage. Being a boy, he had been

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

spared the rope pulling and had spent the morning tramping out the trail. "It's pretty hot, and I could

do with some myself."

Conversation lagged. Too tired to

eat, no one made any effort to get food ready. Each tried to rest as

best he could and forget the dry throat that couldn't muster saliva to wet parched lips. $100 OR MORE

Two hours later the torture started Sheaffer$500PenORandMOREPencil Setagain. Each step was an effort—Travel Clock or Electric Clock

mighty result of the use of terrible $850 OR MORE will power which drove the men re- G. E. Steam Iron

E. Portable Radiolentlessly toward the west. The $1500 OR MORE - G.

E. Clock Radiomountain seemed still far away. As $2500 OR MORE—G.

the sun sank behind its sharp crest and darkness descended, a wornout

Battalion laid itself down to sleep. Higher Earnings

Blankets were laid on the hot earth, and the meat and flour for the evening issued. Each man ate his

meat raw—sucking from the tough

fibre of the newly slain ox as much CURRENT RATE juice as the poor tendons would give forth. No one tried the flour. The PER ANNUM

tiredmules were too SEMIANNUAUY4% COMPOUNDED to brouse—and

1, 1956 BEGINNING JANUARYslept their where harnesses had been removed. The train bore the appear3V2% PLUS V2% EXTRA ON $500

ance, in the dim moonlight, of havOR MORE THANWHICHONEREMAINSYEAR LONGER ing been frozen in position, ready to SAVE BY THE 31ST - EARN FROM 1ST spring up and move on when the magic water should dissolve the im- /OOff ff7ffai{ with coupon!

mobility.

Then, as though to mock exhaus65utahNorthsav;ngsUniversityandAvenueloan association

tion and suffering of the heat of the Provo,EnclosedUtah find check or money order $ day, the chill swept down from the with which to open a savings account, mountains and took the heat from NameThe gift desiredis:

their exhausted bodies faster than Address they could provide it. All of the City. ZoneState,

night they lay shivering, covering themselves with their thin blankets, and trying to sleep—no, not exactly

sleep, stupor. it was more a

morning Toward rode Utah Savings & Loan Association Charboncau into camp. Had he found water? 65 North University Avenue - - - Provo, Utah

The colonel was anxious to know.

Yes, there was water, but off to the OVER 36 YEARS OF CONTINUOUS SERVICE right two or three miles, "A mere trickle,"he said, "but might water the men."Then on the other side

of the mountain and across the dry lake was a good spring. How far?

A day—a day and a half—who couldtell. BIND YOUR ERAS FOR 1955

"We'll start now,"said the colonel. Subscribers who wish to bind or to otherwise preserve the

The bugle blew the reveille and assembly. The Battalion staggered 1955 volume of The Improvement Era are informed that the

to its feet and as automatons moved annual index is now being prepared. You may reserve your index

forward guided by Charboneau toby sending your name and address to The Improvement Era, ward the trickle—toward water! 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Please enclose a

Men dropped out and lay down, too exhausted to go farther. Their threecent stamp with your request to cover cost of postage.

piteous cries for water haunted the

(Continued on following page) JANUARY 1956 39 little HIGH ADVENTURE How {Continued from preceding page) the spring. It trickled from an outdoes it cost earsmoveofforward.those who were still able to suchcrop ofa rockmannerand thatran intotherecreviceswas noin

The colonel ordered Charboneau place where one could dip even a for the finest andwater.Jed toJedridewelcomedahead andthisbringassignback cupful.the morningIt tookto fillthethegreatertwo kegs.part Byof

ment since he'd been spared the hard this time the strongest of the men work on the march. had arrived, and each tried in vainDutch Cocoa? It was daylight when they found to get a drink by lying down, by fxll-

A bit over a penny a cup, that's all you pay for Droste Cocoa from Haarlem,

Holland. So rich a single teaspoon of

it makes the tastiest cup of cocoa you've ever sipped! (You need as much Ladt or Lkaraciertc

as three teaspoons of inferior brands.)

So smooth it doesn't have a smidgen Richard L. Evarts

of sediment. Prepare Droste Cocoa

the story of the old southern right in the cup just by adding hot O omewhere we have heard milk and sugar. hunter who sent his faithful dog on an errand—an errand on which the dog encountered a forest fire and lost

Try creamy, pure Droste Chocolates, too, Droste Chocolate Apples and his life. And when the dog's burned body was found, the

to keersaid, "I old over be wept had him and man bitterly Tangerines, Pastilles, assortand 1 it."to So he'd do, 'cause do I know'd ful what I told him ments. You'll find they're finest, the

tastiest chocolates you've ever tried. with our children, we have to be careful what we tell them

At rightminded stores, everywhere. to do—and more than this, we have to be careful what we

Or write for name of store nearest you. show them to do. The celebrated William James said: "It

is well for the world that in most of us, by the age of thirty, the character has set like plaster, and will never soften again."There are some exceptions to suggest that this may

not always be so. But let's accept it for the moment, and

then return to it: Sometimes when we are older it may

seem quite comfortable to assume that we are so well set that small departures from correct conduct aren't too serious.

We may think we know how far we can go and still get back without doing ourselves much damage. (Although

there is much doubt of it—for many a man has got into

trouble long after he was presumed to be old enough to know better!) But for the moment suppose we assume that

our character has so set that we who are older can safely engage in a little careless conduct, and take a little quesfull-color Droste RecipeFREEBooklet Droste tionable license and liberty. But what about those whose shows how

Cocoa makes delicious beverages characters aren't so set? What about the lad who may be

(such cocoa), as vanilla cakes, canwatching us, who isn't so sure of himself? What if, foldies desserts. and H. Hamstra Write

Co., 145 Main Ave., Clifton, N. J. lowing our lead, he departs from a path, just a little, and

then a little more—and finally finds that he can't get safely

*lX*v&fe -I'M back? It is a solemnly serious business to tell a youngster

f"/\ /"*—\ A what to do—and it is also solemnly serious to set before COCOA Imported from HollandSSlw him an example that is contrary to what we would tell him.

And since we can't be quite sure when the character of a youngster is safely set, we'd better make our actions conNovember Era formsionableto apeoplepatternto thatpursue.wouldEvenbe safeshouldfor weyoungassumeand thatimpreswe

like "set have Available! ourselves

so aren't sider those who plaster,"set—thosewe whoshouldwatchcarefullyour wordscon-

* 165,000 copies November issue sold and our ways and shape their actions and utterances after in record time. us. Whether we ourselves are set or not, we should be care-

* 20,000 more have been printed beful of our conduct for the sake of others.

cause of continuing demand.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRESENTEDZJke SpokenOVER KSL ANDlA/ordTHE COLUMBIAFROM TEMPLEBROADCASTINGSQUARE 50 North Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 6, 1955

SINGLE COPIES—50 cents Copyright King Features

1 year—$2.50

(Can begin with November issue) Author and source unknown.

srsCNCN<55 40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing cups. Finally, one man got out

his spoon and filling that drop by drop from a trickle managed to take Only LUMBERJACK SYRUP the edge off his thirst. Colonel

Cooke decided the only thing to do makes 'em taste so GOOD!

was to make it to the spring across the divide, past the dry lake. So the

order was given, and the tortuous struggle commenced once more.

Jed led his mule back over the trail, administering a cup of water to those unable to make it to the spring. It

was miraculous to see the speed with which a man, after one cup of water, could get to his feet and start going again. Jed walked the complete distance to the camp of the day before

to be certain that none was left and then returned to the spring. The dripping with the

stragglers were all there using spoons mello maple flavor and straws made from hollowtubed desert plants. By noon the men were of LUMBERJACK

walking hopefully again.—the syrup that The animals—now twentyfour

hours without water—were listless, makes breakfast

and what little pulling they did served taste better more to keep them from falling over than to draw the wagons. So the

main burden fell on the men. Over Enjoy these other Nalley's foods, too

Stew Beef Chips—Potato

Dressing Saladand over, step after step, the men Mayonnaise Tang pulled, scarcely daring to look up at the distant horizon. Standage thought

that the thousand miles to the coast at this rate would be a long pull. He

was willing to stop and die right where he was. He couldn't talk. His

tongue had long since swollen until it filled the hot, dry cavity of his mouth. The sweat of thirty hours

of hard, desperate work mixed with the fine powdery dust of the march had caked on him until about all one could see through the mask was a pair of glowing bloodshot eyes. There

was no "giveup"in those eyes, but there was exhaustion, death. The

train was slowly, inexorably reach- /////////////////////M /,//////// ing the stage where it would be,>*<//////'frozen to the desert—its wagons immobile, its mules statues, its men

held tight by the dead weight of twoton wagons. have your children seen A

In some manner they reached the ridge skirting the mountain. As they

topped its slope, a cooling breeze from the snowy summits struck them dulled their partially revived and the hill the Goldfish other slope minds. On the

broke sharply for half a mile and he's part of the fun dinner in the then leveled off in a flat plain—the of family

dry lake—and

they could see trees—aoff acrossmirage?the plainNo, COFFEE SHOP

Charboneau had said there was a Hotel Utah % big spring of water.

Wax Carpenter, Manager (To be continued) JANUARY 1956 41 these gods as the quintessence of himself.

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOR OF MORMON But this is exactly what the Spaniards did not do—if they invented the story. On the

(Continued from page 27) Acosta, Las Casas, and others, deficontrary,portrayed Quetzalcoatl'sthat the Aztecsappearancecould not wasfail soto

Ixtlilxochitl's story of the people nitely recognized the similarity benotice how little like the blond god the dark of ancient America is perhaps the tween the Christian tenets and pracSpaniards were. The Aztecs were bound to

most detailed and accurate of any tices and those found among the conclude sooner or later that they could all. the at sons of the Light be not God their aborigines, "they deny Americanof the ancient with the exdocuments

If pordid conquistadores not the Spanish teachers, introduction by Christianception of the Of Book of Mormon. after tray the of the Savior Indians White

interest to us in discussing this subgiving, strange to say, to the devil their own image, however, then he cannot ject is his very pertinent information the honor of spreading the light of be a Spanish invention and the myth must regarding the appearance of QuetzalChristianity, in spite of his hatred for be Indian in origin....

coatl to his ancestors and the marit."5 conclusionCarefully openconsideredthan thatthis leavesthe Lightno otherGod

velous work accomplished by that Bancroft described Quetzalcoatl and Quetzalcoatl was a real person, that he was "White Bearded God."To quote his work as follows: neither an invention of Spanish propaganda

from the Works of Ixtlilxochitl:... Quetzalcoatl was a white, bearded nortion. a. legendary.. 9 figment of Indian imaginajust, holy, taught venerable, and who of man, [the group they second And when

of this virtue significant precept paths the Dr. example and by made De Roocolonizers, in Toltecs] height the the were

all cities, particularity in in ". the.. Nahua is often statement: Quetzalcoatl thisof their in there land power, arrived

to teachings, according Cholula. the His his Master, Divine with confounded called Quetzalcoatl theya and whom man traditions, those in with had much common

of great hisothers account on Huemac precepts doctrine he puband whose of in of the Christ most World, and Old 10.virtues, just, saintly as considering him lished observed."and firmly writers believed the Spanish him

[holy], deeds good; teaching and them by

of is, identical Christian the with to be one vital question was A very Who of the forbidding virtue pathand words 6 and

St. apostles, probably Thomas. Quetzalcoatl, the Bearded "White their sins, giving vices lawsthem and and

of refrain doctrine. order to "Fair in Mexico,good and the God"And God"

it to Bancroft, "dur- i ccording was their pleasures dishonesties, fromthem and of variety a appears as he under *"is, that period, ing the Olmec instituted for fasting (established)he them in traditions? Indian the names

first the earliest of [he worshipedand was] period power, and who Nahua placed the cross which they called Quia- [that] the great Quetzalcoatl apIn 1882 President John Taylor anhuiteotl-chicahualizteotl and others Tonapeared."7 Authorities place the swered the foregoing question, giving

caquahuitl, which means: God of rains and the viewpoint of the Latterday Saints

of health and tree of sustenance or of life. 3 height of the Olmec period approxiwhich they have held throughout the

mately at the time that Jesus Christ history of the Church. In the words

Practically every student who has lived in Palestine, was crucified, and of President Taylor:

made a study of the traditions of resurrected. In the light of the Book

Quetzalcoatl, as well as all of the of Mormon's account of the appearModern revelation has restored another

Spanish Catholic missionaries who ance of the resurrected Lord to the most important key to unlock the mystery gathered these traditions from the ancient Americans, Bancroft's dating of the almost universal knowledge of the

Indians during the colonial period, of Quetzalcoatl's appearance constiment.RedeemerIt andis foundof thein planthe statementof the atonethat

have commented on the numerous tutes a significant fact which will be Jesus, after his resurrection, visited at least similarities between the Indian tradidiscussed later. Dr. P. De Roo, a the inhabitants of two distinct portions of

tions and the teachings of Christianhistorian who during the past century the earth, which could not have been ity. Dr. De Mier, in his discussion made an extensive study of Indian reached through the ministry of his Jewish

of the writings of Father Bernardino traditions, came to the following Apostles.Nephites onThesethis land,two andpeoplesthe TenwereTribesthe

de Sahagun, the eminent and scholarpertinent conclusion regarding Banin their distant northern home. The knowlly missionary who labored among the croft's statement: edge that the Mexicans, and other aboriginof of their al races the had, at time AmericaIndians of Mexico from 1529 to 1590,

vestiges of Christianity If the... life of of the found discovery the Spaniards, byconcluded: in date, as is generally Central America exact, Catholics so Savior, that the the was

it is admitted, evident from Quetzalcoatl, incorrect, theories suggested (both howtwo a single missionary American Not who this that distinct missionary a person was to solve that ever) the mystery. One was

8has, until this day, writing left any has St. apostle the from Thomas. gospel invented the devil an imitation had

forgotten to notice the evident vestiges of to delude the Indians; the other, that the

Christianity, which had in former times Certain skeptical writers have Apostle Thomas had visited America and penetrated that the even among the most savage maintained of whole salvation. its people Quetzaltaught the plan 4

tribes. life of the of the Mexican diThe story a invention Spanish coatl myth was that Quetzalcoatl, closely resembles to facilitate the vinity, concocted they which a result of contact As coming in closely, Savior; of so that indeed, the we

of conquest Peru and Mexico and similar that so teachings conclusion otherwith than to no can come numerous to those of Christianity, some of the the victory of Christianity over the Quetzalcoatl and Christ are the same being.

early Catholic missionaries mainAmerican natives. A German scholBut the history of the former has been

through to us impure an down ar, ridicules such handed Paul Herrmann, Apostles, thattained some of Jesus'source, dissadly has Lamanitish which a concept. He states: or St.perhaps Bartholomew Thomas, incioriginal the perverted figured and

life of Savior's the teachings dents to Inand Christianity the broughthad. it all small was, the clumsy.. how how

... ministry. anddians; the majority however, although this of to story value the cause propaganda

traditions the to this in with regard...

if militarily Spain! culturally aof as of fathers, For early Catholic and the such

especial almost complete God, an have we is to his victor superior impose gods a onGarcilasso Solorzano, la Vega, de life the of Savior, the from announcement will people, subjugated depict naturally he ''Works of Ixtlilxochitl, cited in Milton R. Hunter (Continued on page 44)

and Thomas Stuart Ferguson, Ancient America and Hdem, p. 424.

the Book of Mormon (Oakland, 1950), p. 203. 6Bancroft, op. cit., vol. 5, p. 201. "Paul Herrmann, Conquest of Man (New York,

4De Mier, cited in P. De Roo, History of America Vbid., p. 200. 1954), pp. 171172.

Before Columbus (Philadelphia, 1900), vol. 1, p. 229. 8De Roo, op. cit., p. 424. 10De Roo, op. cit., p. 427.

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Share music with your child..

THE STANDARD SCHOOL BROADCAST

links your home to the classroom—with fine music!

v!\

J)V,,-<

r M nW0M 5 6 7891011/214 O >

.1 I * y,kl A symphony orchestra, choral -\ group, dramatic cast, guest soloists—all

blend music enjoyment with education on MS the Standard School Broadcast. It's

heard in 54,000 classrooms throughout the S&S2S& &!

West, Alaska and Hawaii—and it's

programmed for your entertainment 'at home, too. Why not tune in this H

Thursday... see your newspaper

radio log for time and station.

.** V.\*S

*.*<-*

".v <k * * % l:R $&?.

1 N fa'-'* *l'A/

*r

NOW IN ITS TWENTYEIGHTH YEAR ": '

Presented by STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

JANUARY 1956 43 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

IT'S EASY TO COOK (Continued from page 42) in observing how accurately the InWITH AN ofangel,his tobirthhis toresurrectionhis virgin frommother,the bygrave.an storydians preservedof Christ'sin positiontheir traditionsas a God,the

... explains alone The Book of Mormon divine Son, and Lord, the and the

given mystery. ELECTRIC RANGE the account there The crucifixion resurrection, his of of and

Christ's ministrations amongst the forefathers of these peoples makes the whole which events were followed by his thing plain. We understand, through that descent from heaven to proclaim the

record, how and by what means they obgospel to the inhabitants of ancient tained this great knowledge, and can also America: ELECTRIC readily perceive how the unworthy descendants of those whom the Savior visited,... they saw a Man descending out of

childish rubbish gradually added much robe; white to heaven; in a and he was clothed COOKING

story, like facts; their the original making in the midst and stood and he came down costs the

almost all other mythology, an unseemly of them;...

average family compound of heavenly truth and puerile... he... spake unto the people, saying:

the Christ, Jesus Behold, I am whom testified shall only about fable.all thingsBut, arein considered,view of theseit isfacts,almostwhena prophets into the world. come

$$ a day wonder that so much of the truth was reAnd behold, I am the light and the life to the tained I of that the world; have drunk and days when11 America became of

to Europeans. known bitter the Father cup hath given me, which

and have glorified the Father in taking

The abundance of historical eviupon me the sins of the world, in the which dence available thoroughly demon- I have suffered the will of the Father in strates the fact that the "Fair God"all things from the beginning....

was a real historical person who Arise... theand Lordcome spakeforth untounto themme, thatsaying:ye

visited the inhabitants of ancient may thrust your hands into my side, and

America; and this evidence is so also that ye may feel the prints of the nails

completely in harmony with the in my hands and in my feet, that ye may

I am the God of Israel, and Be Modern beautiful story told in the Book of know that of the the earth, whole and have been God 14 to the of Christ's appearance Mormon for sins slain the world. of the live Electrically his following of this land inhabitants

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. resurrection that, it seems to the Dr. De Roo summarized the work

writer, it leaves no room for doubt accomplished by the "White Bearded in the minds of those who unbiasedly God,"according to the traditions of and thoroughly study this subject as the Indians of Mexico, as follows:

to the identity of the "White Bearded

God."12 Quetzalcoatl, under a variety... They say it was Quetzalcoatl who efof the the reformation world by of names as presented in the tradifected

the world, created His penance. father had

tions of the Indians of North, Central, but men had given themselves up to vice, and South America, is none other on which account it had been frequently than Jesus Christ, the resurrected destroyed, but now had TonacatecotI sent

Lord, as was maintained by Presihis son into the world to reform it.

reformation the Quetzalcoatl undertook

Taylor. dent Enjoy John preaching, sinful the through by world

finer flavor explorer, an Humboldt, Von of selfdenial virtues the example, and auwordof greater and tradithor, collector piety, fasting, of Indian of of charchastity and and and nutrition of whole wheat tions and old manuscripts, maintains ity towards men, and of a pure religion grain... that the Indians believed that Quettowards the one true God. For a time he

freshly ground! Zctlcoatl was originally a God and succeededsome reports,in hisTula,virginmother,where, accordingChimalma,to

his all before things of creator the all of spite lived; in the but wondrous every food element Everincreasing

Christ, like his TOis that province, in did WRITE in appearhe good mortality sojourn and in popularity for retained!DAY prices—FREE finally out persecuted, he driven was and Everyone that knows of ancient to inhabitants the ance facts! recipes—food"other bread cereal and of people. the a the majority Carrying by

foods with whole made wrote: America. Humboldt

cross, of to the the valley he came freshly grain ground FLOUR 15 OFFER—SPECIAL is tastier far richer and... Zapotecs. introfor Send coupon

... in healthgiving nutrito authors show might be adduced 5-lb. of offer ductory

it's ments. the And—pkg.. wheat Smith Deaf this Quetzalthat believe the that Mexicans wise where somehome flour, richAmerica's missionaries early Spanish who The is that thing coatl, he both and done man; about was who God in it. est elements, food

or select -Minn., Wis. in were labored America existed Middle to incarnation his efficient, previously Rapid the had—flour stone wheat Electric—Household Lee the eternity, that he been had from and Into find that the it's surprised greatly ground the day Mil Flour whole

shipped. of the Creator world and both and man; Ifluffyreduces for flour grain to of extensive knowledge dians an had

fraction of a penny a to the that world reform descended he had CO. LEE ENGINEERING all, of pound. a Trinity. or Holy The the Godhead

... 13 3, Milwaukee Wis. by endurance. ifs STONE BestGROUND natives made the claim that their

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., I.E.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis. The following is quoted from the knowledge had been given to them

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 Nephites'records to aid the readers originally by Quetzalcoatl, which

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 would be in complete harmony with

Taylor, Mediation uJohnName and Atonement (Salt Lake the claims made by the Book of 201203. City, 1882), pp.

Street 12Nbte: In connection with this conclusion, study

1314. 11:8-11, 10:1-5. "3 Nephi Moroni's

cit., Roo, op. promise—Moronicited in pp. 430431.City....State Taylor, ibid., p. 202. 15De 1RVon Humboldt,

44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mormon that Jesus Christ appeared to the inhabitants of ancient America and taught them his gospel in its BIND YOUR fulness. In regard to this subject, ONLY

relyingand famous Catholic on the missionary, for his Improvement Eras Padre Sahagun, information, Dr. De Roo wrote: $Tloo for years of future use

The natives of Campeche assured the

Spanish missionaries that their religious P"'"* -:.WiF*y

teacher, Quetzalcoatl, had given them..JV - nnlw ST 00 Of

images to explain his doctrine, and, in particular, a triangular stone, as an illustration of the Blessed Trinity, with which DESERET mystery they were wellacquainted, says

Sahagun, and in whose name they were \ 18 NEWS PRESSbaptized. \

Hubert Howe Bancroft informs us that the Quiche Maya Indians in

Guatemala also held in their traditions a belief in a Godhead, comThemattervaluablein The instructionImprovementandErareferencewill be Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate posed of three divine personages. The closefutureat usehand ifin youboundhavevolumeeachformyear'sfor Up150toto150300milesmiles 4943 theynames by which were known the issues Deseret handsomely bound by

is plus Press. cost $3 The 17 News Tohil, Awilix,were and Gucumatz. neces300600 toto 1000600 milesmiles 5973 issues 12 sary for each bound. postage

Bishop Bartholome de las Casas, a All orders must be accompanied with 1000 to 1400 miles 88 famous Spanish Catholic priest who ratepaymentguidein toadvance.determineUsepostagethe followingcosts. Over1400 to18001800milesmiles 1.061.23

did extensive missionary work among the Indians of Chiapas, Mexico, and recorded their traditions, reported that

Francis Hernandez, a priest laboring Deseret News Press under his direction, wrote him a letTHE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS ter in which he claimed that the In31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH dians had a tradition of a Godhead, composed of three members, similar to the Holy Trinity worshiped by the

Christians. I have found no statesoDistinctive...practical! different...Here is diningand

ment among the Indian traditions furniture that glamourizes which more clearly expresses this docyour entire livingdining trine than the following which Bishop area, yet stays lovely and las Casas attributed to Hernandez: new looking.

... I found a good secular priest [Francis BLACK METAL DINING FURNITURE

Hernandez], of mature age and honorable, Available at better furniture and who knew the language of the Indians, department stores throughout having lived among them several years; the country.

and because I was obliged to travel on to the chief town of my diocese, I appointed him my vicar, asking him and giving him Charcoal, charge to visit the tribes of the inland, and Blond or to preach to them in the manner that I MinkMelamineWalnut gave him. plastic

The same priest, after some months, or laminated even a year, as I think, wrote to me that he had met with a chief from whom he had made inquiries in regard to his ancient belief and religion, which they were used to follow in that country. The Indian answered him that they knew and believed

in God who dwells in the heavens, and that that God is Father, Son, and Holy

Ghost. The Father's name was Icona, and

he had created man and all things; the Son

had for name Bacab, and he was born from a maiden always virgin, called

Chibirias, that lives in the heavens with

God. The Holy Ghost they called Echuac.

They say that Icona means the Great Father of Bacab, who is the Son....

When the Indian was asked the meaning Send 10 for informative booklet—

of Bacab or Bacabab, he said that it meant "Things to Know About Contemporary (Continued on following page) Furniture."Address Dept I.

45, California Angeles VIRTUE BROS. CO. Los MFG. Ibid., p. 372.

THE PRICE CONSTITUTION OF LIBERTY"THE.,. DEFEND OF THE VN1TED STATES! "Bancroft, op. cit., vol. 2, p. 648. "ETERNAL VIGILANCE IS

JANUARY 1956 45

ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON chalchiuite,through the virtuewhich ofshethis pickedemeraldup;she andbecame miraculously pregnant.

(Continued from preceding page)... the Son of God cometh upon the Torquemada, relating still another verof the sion original tradition, says, same of face the earth.

of the Great Father, that Son the and name of of visitation the Mexicans "The knew behold, shall he And of be born Mary, signified Echuac fact, Merchant. in And, it the Lady, expressed but to Our by... she virgin, being a precious a and the brought Holy Ghost good merchandises a that very something vessel, chosen metaphor,—namelyangel shall be overshadowed who to earth, since satiated he the world, that fell similar bird's white, to feather, a from conceive and the by of the power Holy is, the of people the his world, with it heaven, virgin a and picked bent down, Ghost, bring forth son, and 18 a yea, the even gifts divine abundant graces. and it up, hid her cincture, and below and of Son God."

she became pregnant of 'Huitzilopochtli,'also las Hernandez informed Bishop better or 'TeoHuitz-Iopochtli,'which name doctrine such With being thoroughexplains as of that the Borunda Casas meaning Lord he forereceived the had ly dissiminated the inhabitants among the or It left is side. in thorn the wound tradition going of from the one old

25 it is of ancient America,.. natural that always the virgin's same, the son.". God chiefs that tradiclaimed that who those teachings carry would forward

tion to his had come from anhim the peradds following Roo to De from age age of tradias part the cient ancestors. told the famous He tinent information: tions of the "White Bearded God."

after bishop that Bacab been had affirms History that the such was cross, hanged on a following the oc-... the belief already have mentioned We case; for example, President John

: of the according Chiapans, to which curred

Taylor quoted Humboldt's statement god Bacab was born of a virgin, Chibirias,the... There he finally died and remained regarding the tradition of the virgin who is now in heaven with him.

dead three days, and the third day he birth of Quetzalcoatl as follows: Sahagun relates that the Tlascaltecs desigcame to life again and ascended to heaven, nated one of their principal gods by the

where he is now with his Father. ImmeHow truly surprising is it to find that the name of "Camaxtle,"which means the

diately after came Echuac, who is the Holy Mexicans, who seem to have been unacNaked Lord. He was to them what Christ

for cross is to us, the they on quainted Ghost the supplied with and doctrine who the earth with of the migrarepresents 19 asserted that all he tion both was with that endowed soul of the needed. was and the Metempsychosis

should have believed in the incarnation of the divine and the human natures and

The foregoing tradition of the the only Son of the supreme God, Tomacawas born from a devout and holy virgin "Coatlicue,"teuctli. brought named who him For Mexican mythology, speaking Indians gives Chiapan state- a clear

lesion virginity, of forth without her the of no other on virgin the Chimelman, of Tula ment regarding the aborigines'All Coatepeo this informade Tula. (without by his man), alone, breath by mount

of knowledge the Godhead, tion, says which Sahagun, first given to the was signified which be his may work or will,

Quetzalcoatl. by so to was when it announced thoroughly doctrine was Chimelman, by known by Toltecs

the inhabitants of ancient America, the celestial messenger, whom he dispatched to inform that her she is should conceive It to interesting a that Tula know as is in attested of the Book Morit 27 son, must be this presumed Quetzalwas that Bountiful; the Book and means It 23 seems mon. evident basic that the coatl, the only was son. who

tells Christ's of appearof Mormon ideas in the as doctrine proGodhead claimed anciently by the Nephite Dr. P. De Roo described Quetzalance to the inhabitants of ancient

prophets came down among the varicoatl's virgin birth thus: America in the land of Bountiful

ous Indian tribes from age to age to where he taught them all things of to his gospel plan pertaining the Both object the of and our mode the time of the conquest. Spanish

28 Lord's are incarnation represented in the fact salvation, agrees with which Also, significant another historical rare if codices, valuable and Mexican we regarding statement Sahagun's Quetevent, the virgin Christ, birth of Jesus believe the learned interpreters of their can zalcoatl. inthoroughlywas the is by paintings. known Quetzalcoatl he born who was

habitants of ancient America, as is of the virgin, called Chalchihuitzli, which Paul Garrard claimed that the evidenced in the plain teachings means the precious stone of penance, says Manica Indians of Brazil reported to the author of the "Explanation of the Codex the following the Catholic padresfound in the Book of Mormon. A TellerianoRemensis."Tonacatecotl, the virginbirth their of "Fair traditionfew examples teachings of Nephite deity, Mexican supreme begot Quetzalcoatl,

will be quoted. Nephi saw in vision not by connection with woman, but by his God":

the following: breath alone, when he sent his ambassador

to the virgin of Tula.2*... a woman of accomplished beauty,

gave to never man, been wedded had who city of in the I beheld a Nazareth... child, child. lovely to This birth a most

virgin, fair also she Inexceedingly Dr. and discussed the was and Roo De estate, to after man's worked growing up

..white. of traditions birth virgin the dian life again, raised to the wonders, dead many

[the angel] said he. unto Behold, me: And of resee. as the blind the Bearded the walk lame and "White God,"made virgin is seestthe thou the mother whom together called a having Finally one day missionearly the ported Spanish by ofof after the of the the God, Son manner into of people, ascended he great number 20 aries the Ameriworkedflesh. among who

air the into transformed the sun and was aborigines. It is quite evident can who enlightens this earth. 20 It is also written in the Book of that the traditions are merely

Mormon adulterated forms of the true story In conclusion, it should be remem-... Behold, a virgin shall conceive, and of Christ's birth. To quote De Roo: bered that the central theme of the

shall bear a son, and shall call his name is that Jesus Christ 21... Mendieta states that according to Book of MormonImmanuel.

other traditions no mention is made of is the author of the plan of salvation

Alma informed the Nephites that it his father, but only of his mother, Chimal427-428. 2Ibid., pp. as she the temple who, ma, sweeping was to revealed been thathad him 427. p. mbid.,

one day, small a green stone, found named 2THunter and Ferguson, op. cit., pp. 7273, 58, 68,

lgLas Casas, op. Roo, cited in De cit., pp. 373142, 122, 188.

374. 7:9-10. 11:1-12. Alma 2S3 Nephi

p. 373. laldcm, cited Humboldt, 23Von Gaffarel, Histoire 29Paul de in Taylor, op. cit., pp. 20111:13, 2U I Nephi 18. 202. (Paris, cited in Amerique 1892), laDe DecouverteRoo, op. cit.,de

212 17:14. Nephi Roo, op. cit.,. 426427. p. 430. De pp.I'

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and the Savior of the world, crucified and resurrected for the salvation of mankind; and the principal purpose

in preserving the Nephites'ancient records was that they might come forth in the latter days "... to theconvincing of the Jew and the GenFAST

tile that ]esus is the Christ, the Eternalnations—God, manifesting himself unto all:! "It should be recalled

also that in all their teachings theholy prophets and teachers of rightSTARK eousness in ancient America proclaimed a similar central theme to that recorded in the Book of Mormon. Effectively they proclaimed ANYTIME

JesusGod"—heChrist,whotheprovided"WhitetheBeardedgospel

with its promised rewards for all mortals who will obey; and he who was

crucified and broke the bands of death for every member of the human family.

All the Indian traditions presented in this article regarding Quetzalcoatl, the "Fair God,"and many others not mentioned, some of which will be presented in later articles, show how effectively Jesus Christ was proclaimed to the inhabitants of the MTU UTOCO GASOLINE

Western Hemisphere in ancient times.

the fromAlthough an apostasy true Balanced For Top Performance partsgospel occurred, in all Indians of the Americas retained the basic at all seasons doctrines pertaining to the life and UTOCO balanced gasoline brings you champion car permission of Jesus Christ—the "White formance regardless of the season.

Bearded God,"generally known to It's refinery balanced four times each year to meet the the Indians in Meso -America as driving requirements of each season in this area. Right now

Quetzalcoatl. UTOCO gasoline is refined for quick starts, flashing pickup.

i S (To he continued) It's the best gasoline we've ever produced.

(m "Preface,"Book of Mormon.

A PRAYER FOR PEACE with UTOCO! (ilco

By Gene Romolo riEAR Lord, through whom alone comes UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY brotherhood, Give stronger spiritual light to minds of men; That fighting irons be into plowshares wrought NOVEMBER ISSUE AVAILABLE!

That lusting greed for power be swept away.

And in their place be that which has been 165,000 copies of the November (temple) issue of THE IMPROVEsought

By wisdom since there dawned the hours of MENT ERA sold in record time.

day. Additional requests for extra copies, and new subscribers who

Not for peace at any price we plead! wish their subscriptions to begin with this number, have been

But peace that knows no aftermath of so numerous that another 20,000 have been printed.

fear The perfect peace that only you bestow Order yours through your ERA Director, or direct from

Who give of love to all life far and near.

so well, our urgency know,You who THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of all share needThe man's who Salt Lake City, Utah conflicts 50 North Main Street here, Oh, help us quell base anarchy's increase, Single copies 50 cents

That once again our hearts may cradle 1 yr. subscription $2.50 (Can begin with November issue)

peace!—Amen.

JANUARY 1956 47 Importance of Records and Record Keeping in the Church of Jesus Christ

Importance of Keeping Records revelation regarding the keeping of a which is the book of life; and the

First—God's Commandments on recordrecord ofof alltransfersChurchfrommembersbranchesand ora whichdead werewerejudgedwrittenoutin ofthethesebooks,thingsacRecord Keeping: wards to other branches or wards. 3 cording to their works."

In the same revelation, instructions b. Joseph Smith quoted

a. Church records to he kept were given regarding taking the

As a part of the restoration of the names from the general Church recYou will discover in this quotation that gospel and the establishing of the ord of people who had been expelled the books were opened; and another book

Church and kingdom of God upon or excommunicated from the Church. wasbut theopened,dead whichwere wasjudgedthe outbookofof thoselife;

the earth in the latter days, Joseph d. Records of "all that transpires in things which were written in the books,

Smith received several revelations Zion"to be kept according to their works; consequently, the

of books the spoken books which be must Savior regarding the recordfrom still an1832, 27, November On their of record the works, contained and sixkeeping. the While young men revelation other record keeping on refer to records the the kept are which on

session April in 6, 1830,were on the given orwas through by the Lord earth. the the book which book was And

ganizing the Church of Jesus Christ Prophet to members of the Church. of life is the record which is kept in heavin harmony with divine instructions, This revelation dealt with a number en; the principle agreeing precisely with the

the in doctrine you which is commandedthe Prophet Smith Joseph received a of in items the newly founded king-

I letter in revelation the contained which states:revelation, part of which quote: dom. To to previous to leaving wrote you my my

all it in recordings your be may place—that shall kept record there Behold, a be is It clerk, of the the Lord's duty whom in recorded heaven.

it called in shalt you; be thou andamong history, to has appointed a a he keep and of this the nature ordinance conNow,

seer, translator, apostle prophet, a a an all of that things record general a church sists of in the the the priesthood, power by of of elder Christ, the church Jesus an all of in transpire those Zion, and who it is of revelation Christ, Jesus wherein will of the the Father, thethrough and God inheritproperties, receive consecrate and. that record granted.. whatsoever you 1 on

ofgrace Christ. your Lord Jesus legally bishop; ances the from shall in recorded earth heaven, be whatand

And also their manner of life, their soever you do not record on earth shall not b. Church historians and recorders faith, and works; and also of the apostates be recorded in heaven; for out of the books

The first Church historian and rewho apostatize after receiving their inshall your dead be judged, according to their corder in this dispensation was Oliver heritances.* own works, whether they themselves have

to attended ordinances in their propria own served 8,Cowdery. until March He continues by The revelation of their agents, or the dispersona, means by he was replaced1831, when by John the to according ordinance which God cussing the genealogies should whichWhitmer, who received that appointhas be kept and the various church recprepared for their salvation from before the

special revelation through from of thement world, to the according history ords and of the Church which foundationrecords they kept concerning have which fortysectionthe Lord. read in We 5 written. should be their dead. of the Covenants: Doctrineseven and

Behold, it is expedient in me that my Second—Joseph Smith's Viewpoints c. Conclusion on revelations reservant John should write and keep a reguon the Importance of Record Keepgarding record keeping

lar history, and assist you, my servant ing in the Church: In light of what has been quoted

all transcribing in thingsJoseph, which it is revelation, from very evimodern to is called you, until givenshall be he a. Joseph Smith's viewpoint constitutes dent that record keeping duties.further

And again, I say unto you that it shall On September 6, 1842, the Prophet one of the important activities in the be appointed unto him to keep the church Joseph Smith definitely pointed out Church of Jesus Christ and that it is continually; historyrecord for Oliver and that the records kept here on this one of the Lord's requirements that

ofappointed to another I haveCowdery fice. earth would play a great part at the the work be done efficiently and acWherefore, it shall be given him, inasfinal judgment day, when members curately. It is also requisite that

much as he is faithful, by the Comforter, of the Church of Jesus Christ shall careful record must be kept of the to write these things. Even so, Amen. 2 stand before the Lord to account for good works performed by members of

their works and lives while in morthe Church of Jesus Christ in order c. Records of all Church members tality. The Prophet was discussing that their names may be written "...

to be kept Revelation 20:12, which states: "And in the book of the law of God,

During the month of April, 1830, I saw the dead, small and great, stand saith the Lord of Hosts,"15 and therethe same month that the Church was before God; and the books were upon be recorded in the "Lamb's

organized, Joseph Smith received a opened: and another book was open, Book of Life."

slhid., 20:8284. 21:1. mid., *D & C 128:7-8.-

85:1-2. 47:1, Ihid., 85:5. mid., 3-4. mid.,

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

Third—Latterday Saints, a Recordlected in the Church Historian's Li- c. Records of economic affairs must

Keeping People: brary, supplementing the manuscripts be kept

housed there. This library serves as Records of the economic activities

a. A recordkeeping people a rich field in which research hisof the Church and of its members

From the days of the organization torians work. must be carefully kept. The "Book

of the Church to the present time and of the Law of the Lord"must contain acting in complete accordance with Fourth—Importance of Record Keepan accurate account of payment of

the numerous revelations received by ing: tithes, fast offerings, welfare contriJoseph, the Prophet, secretaries, butions, ward maintenance, building

clerks, and historians in all the stakes, a. Records for the benefit of the assessments, and other financial aid

wards, missions, and branches of the dead given by faithful and humble Church

Church, have written and compiled The revelations from the Lord on members for the upbuilding of the numerous records. These have been keeping records quoted in this article, kingdom of God here upon this earth.

collected and housed in the Church point out some of the importance atAs a reward for all of these activities

Historian's Library in Salt Lake City; tached to record keeping in the in connection with the living according to to proceedeth "every continue and this work will word that however, be Church; that subject can be

forth result is carried forward. from that the mouth of God,"s memThe elaborated somewhat.

bers of the Church of Jesus Christ in a little over one hundred years'

Record keeping is of vital imtime, one of the largest manuscript prepare themselves against the great portance in genealogical work. The

libraries found in connection with day when calamities come upon the wonderful promise given by Malachi any similar organization or institution earth and when the earth shall be latter Elijah in the would come has been accumulated. In this rethat consumed with fire; "for he that is

of heart.. turn days the the and ".

spect the writer believes that the Lattithed shall not be burned at his fathers heart to the children, the and terday Saints have been obedient to.."7 [Jesus'] coming,"saith the Lord. 9. fathers, to their of the children

the Lord's commandments, and thereThey shall rise with the just and shall could not be fulfilled without records. by may be classed as a recordkeeping The keeping of genealogical records dwell in the presence of God.

people. and the diligent work of researchers Fifth—Importance of the Calling of in that field, climaxed by temple work,

b. Individual Church members, recQuorum Secretaries: constitutes one of the major programs

ord keepers in the Church of Jesus Christ. All

is appointed Many individuals in the Church of these records are of vital concern Ofttimes a man who also have been diligent in keeping to those who work in the temples for to the position of secretary of a Meltheir personal records and in worksalvation for the dead, as well as to chizedek quorum feels that his calling their genealogies. ing out The the departed ones for whom the temtributionis of littlewillimportancebe of little andworthhisinconthe set the examProphet Smith Joseph is done. ple work

ple by having a daily journal kept of kingdom of God. The revelations

from the Lord quoted in this article all of his activities in establishing the b. Records for the benefit of the

of the importance on record keeping of God. Young Brigham kingdom living dissuade should discouraged any quohis others followed examand many

is just vital for as keeping Record secretary such erroneous from rum ple. these course prophets and Of

it is living as in those God's kingdom thinking. of so presidents the busy were Church

It is for the absolutely necesdead. has As out, been pointed accurate it to for clerks necessary that do was

of to sary accurate keep record an is secretarial of capable and work activof their the recording numerous ities; however, from their journals births, blessings of babies, baptisms, great value in the Church of Jesus

and the journals of many other leadconfirmations, transfers of members Christ. Men who hold the appointfrom one part of the Church to other ment of secretary of a Melchizedek ing brethren and sisters of the

Church, comprehensive Church hislocalities, marriages, divorces, excomPriesthood quorum, the position of munications, and deaths. In addiward clerk, or of stake clerk, or even tories are written and published. Few,

tion to these items, activities of all secretarial jobs in the auxiliary orif any, other groups of frontier peoholders priesthood the and quorums, ganizations, signified received have to writples devoted more have been as of all well the auxiliary organas redefinite carrying appointments of records keeping ing journals and meetings held unand other sponsibilities; will their labors be and transpired that all things them izations among

redirection, be der Church must of great accounted as to the worth of the Church than the members have corded accurately in order that the furtherance of the kingdom. Thereof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

fore, it is advised that all quorum It has resulted in numerous docuattendance, those who participate, and the things accomplished therein (Concluded on page 63) ments, journals, periodicals, histories, may be preserved. and other publications to be pro8D & C 84:44.

duced. Many of these have been col7Malachi 4:6. mid., 64:1, 2325.

JANUARY 1956 49 ThePresiding

Study Guide Material for Ward Teachers Study Guide for Ward Teachers

Published Each Month January 1956 Beginning with The Improvement Family Hour

Era for January, we will publish the teachers materialstudy used by ward visits their each makingwhen month. In 1915 the First Presidency, with Joseph F. Smith then President, issued

At the bottom of the material, we will this message to presidents of stakes, bishops, and parents in Zion:

publish a preview of the subject matter "We advise and urge the inauguration of a 'Home Evening'throughout for the next month as well. the Church, at which time fathers and mothers may gather their boys and

Publication of these outlines should girls about them in the home, and teach them the word of the Lord....

be helpful to the membership of the This 'Home Evening'should be devoted to prayer, singing hymns, songs, inChurch at large, especially to those strumental music, scripture reading, family topics, and specific instruction in areas not served by ward teachers. on the principles of the gospel, and on the ethical problems of life, as well

as the duties and obligations of children to parents, the home, the Church, society, and the nation."

Many families responded, and some stakes set aside a special night for home evening, with instructions that no Church meetings or assignments

Work With Senior Members should conflict therewith. Some families have continued this practice since

that time. The beneficial effect of these home evenings has contributed

Is Source of Joy so much toward the unity and solidarity of these homes that their children now, with homes of their own, are carrying on with their children, the in the grandparents invited often thus planting being to join with them, of happiness are the rewardsGreat hearts of their will follow children that memories happy them through for those work who and satisfaction with senior members of the Aaronic life.

Priesthood. In January 1946, this practice was again commended to the members

"Men are, that they might have of the Church in a letter from the Council of the Twelve. In considering

joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) This beautiful how best to implement this program, the Council of the Twelve, with aptruth revealed from heaven discloses the proval of the First Presidency, decided to call upon the Relief Society with

purpose of life's existence. the cooperation of the priesthood quorums and the boards of the other

While joy is tbe goal of life, it must auxiliaries to promote this program in the homes, with the recommendation be paid for at its own fair price. It is that the designation be changed from the "Home Evening"to the "Family

not found on the byways but along Hour."Accordingly, the Relief Society issued a bulletin under the title

life's trail. While it is life's ultimate "The Family Hour"giving the parents valuable suggestions for the holding

value, in reality, it is also the product of this family hour, and instead of recommending a certain night of the of service. Living for others is the key week, because of so many conflicts, they said:

to its vault. It is reached only through "Families should meet regularly at an hour most convenient to them

the lives of one's fellow men. Those and best suited to the activities planned. Some families may wish to meet

who seek it directly want it at their own once a month, while others may prefer to meet weekly, some in the afterprice and miss it entirely. They are noon—even away from home, such as having a park or canyon outing."

its glitter counterfeit of theblinded by for the hour,"family "guideposts give to proceeded many they Then gives temporary but mopleasure which assist families groups. the for various the age To programs suggested in sorrow bliss, 'ends and with of andments

of auxiliary suggest the use they groups, age for these various in planningregret.

songbooks and periodicals, including The Improvement Era and the Church

There seems to be, and God has reSection of the Deseret News. Following the advice of the First Presidency

vealed that there is, a balance in life. referred to, the Presidency made this promise:

One gets out of life in direct proporthis counsel, we promise that great blessings willtion to what he puts into it—no more, "If the Saints obey

no less. Contributions in service renresult. Love at home and obedience to parents will increase. Faith will

dered both in quality and in quantity be developed in the hearts of the youth of Israel, and they will gain power must and will immediately or eventualto combat the evil influences and temptations which beset them."

ly return to the server his just rewards.

Life's heartwarming satisfactions and INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR FEBRUARY 1956 joys are the inevitable products of the Reverence in the Home contributions made for the happiness and wellbeing of others. Truly blessed The father should preside in his own home. The father who honors the

In a reverent of his wife respect is of home and children. the worthy a priesthood with are called, andare they who

profanity, properly; there is and no observe the Sabbath day children parents and out responsibilities reach of theirvision are taught. of honesty the principles

to help the senior members of the References: (D & C 76:5457; 121:37.)

Aaronic Priesthood. Their reward is

inevitable.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Ward Teaching Aaronic Priesthood

Yandfiook -for jCeacfers Example and Precept New Handbook Available

Indispensable in Ward leaching All Aaronic Priesthood leaders, on both stake and ward levels, should

Ward teachers are expected to teach now be supplied with the revised edithe gospel by example and by precept. The best way to teach by example tion of the Handbook for Leaders of

is for ward teachers to demonstrate in Aaronic Priesthood under 21 issued their lives the value of the gospel by January 1956.

living in conformance with the standards All Aaronic Priesthood handbooks of the Church. not bearing the date "January 1956"

So our lives in acts exemplary, not only on the front cover should be destroyed win ourselves good names, but doth to immediately.

others give matter for virtuous deeds, by which we live. (George Chapman.)

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 There is power in example. We unConrse of Study for Senior

lives after pattern our consciously teachers those Review of Changes Members Now Available ward and whom we admire, they of reform carry when an influence in Program Recommended uprightly. walk

and ward alone through example Teaching Aaronic Priesthood Thebersstudyof themanualAaronicfor Priesthoodsenior memfor is Stake not enough. Ward teachers also need leaders are reminded that changes 1956 will be the Melchizedek Priest-

a thorough knowledge of the gospel in in the program for Aaronic Priesthood hood manual, entitled "The Divine order to be in a position to convince under 21, as announced in the bishops'Church Restored,"volume 5, by Roy A.

some members of its worth. The purmeeting in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, Welker. This is an extension of the

pose of the gospel should be explained September 30, 1955, are now effective course of study which was begun in too in detail to everyone. They should as of January 1, 1956. 1955.

point up that the gospel is the anchor A full account of the changes was This study course should be very inof enduring happiness. It answers the printed on these pages in The Improvestructive and interesting for senior memand December 1955 Era for life ment of questions perplexing most Priesthood. of on bers the Aaronic We

in the Bishopric's Presiding Page here; the are why we came from; where we Senior Aaronic general use in all urge its

and where we are going after death. It Church Section of the Deseret News Priesthood quorums or groups.

1, 1955. for October here for surest both offers the hope man

the developed text has by been The insure understanding a thorough To hereafter. and

useful to the its being author with view it is they changes, of the recommended are indispenprecept and Example class as as in well library in the home Priestthe Aaronic during reviewed be forceful other, to in the sable, and one instruction. priestin stake the department hood teaching. effective

hood leadership meeting if this has not The manual is available at the already been done. Even so, another Deseret Book Company, 44 East South

review may prove helpful to get the Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah,

Changes Should Be Noted program under way on both stake and and is priced at 60c for paper bound ward levels. and $1.25 for cloth bound per copy.

in Aaronic Priesthood Rolls

Priesthood quorum Aaronic secreSENIOR MEMBERS OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD INSPECT LOS ANGELES TEMPLE direction the personal taries, under of the ward secretary, should turn to "Cumulative Individual Aaronic Priesthood Award Records"on the far right of the respective quorum roll books and change requirements two and six to seventyfive percent instead of fifty percent as printed therein.

Roll sections'needing this change are as follows: (1) deacons, section one;

(2) teachers and priests, sections one and four.

These changes are necessary because of the increased requirements in the Senior members of the Aaronic Priestbood from the Bellflower Second Ward, East award program announced by the PreLongwere givenBeach a (California)conducted tourStakearoundrecentlythe enjoyedbeautifula visitgrounds.to theFrederickLos AngelesS. Williams,Temple. presiThey

siding Bishopric effective as of January dent of the Los Angeles Temple Mission, addressed the group on the subject, "Why Do 1, 1956. We Build Temples?"It was an enjoyable and instructive day for all who participated.

JANUARY 1956 51 Leah Rae Ross Leah Rae Ross'Syrian Specialties

by Iris Parker

handy with five children, but espeplace them on top of the food prepcially with three girls to clothe."aration to be cooked so that their

Sister Ross was born in Provo, flavor may be added."

later Utah, her with and fammoved Syrian she custom,""An interesting ily to Angeles, "is Los there to continued, and in it was cut their breadAllily'sI havebeingto ondo timeto assurefor dinnermy famis that she also Mark. met reasonably pieces small to was the He take

promise them some Syrian food."from Utah but was completing his bread between the fingers and pick

And with this commendation, Sister education in California. Today Mark up the food to be eaten. (A loaf of

Leah Rae Ross of Burbank, California, is superintendent of the Glendale Syrian bread is round, about eighteen submits a selection of recipes with Stake YMMIA and is the MIA diviinches in diameter, and about a the emphasis upon Syrian dishes. sional cochairman of Division quarterinch thick.) For their own

But food is not the only attraction Twelve for the southern California family snacks the Rosses often folof this LDS cook—her name alone is region. He is an executive with low this custom.

of especial interest. Sister Ross exMode O'Day Corporation and does Sister Ross explains that their

plains that although written as two, considerable work with people of favorite Syrian dinner consists of

Leah Rae is actually one name. "The Arabic descent since men born in kibbi, tabbooly, fried rice, stuffed

Leah part of it comes from Sister Lebanon founded the company. This grape leaves, Syrian bread, and then

Leah Widtsoe,"she explains. "She has brought the Rosses in contact a tiny piece of a special pastry called

was one of my mother's instructors at with many Lebanese or Syrian dishes. baklawa.

the old Brigham Young. Academy. It is from these friends and associates

Mother loved her very much, so my that Sister Ross has collected the Kibbi name was the result."recipes for tabbooly (tabboo-li), kibWith a name chosen from among bi (kibbe), Syrian potato salad, and 1 Leglarge ofonionlamb

Sister a special of thethe stalwarts Church, preparation. green bean allspice Y2"teaspoon spirit,Ross has continued the and In commenting the food of upon Salt

she spreads that influence in her the Lebanese people, Leah Rae Pepper community through her activity in pointed out that their meals are 1 cup washed, finely ground cracked

PTA, the Burbank Red Cross, and built mainly around lamb, and also wheat for each the Burbank Symphony Association. around chicken, liver, or filleted fish. 2 cups ground lamb

She has been active in parentOkra, artichokes, eggplant, cabbage, Pinenuts, shelled teacher work for a number of years, grape leaves, tomatoes, parsley, mint, V2 cube butter having been president of a local PTA and zuccini squash which is called 3 tablespoons olive oil and fourth vice president of the Burkoosa are the most frequently used bank council of PTA. Later she vegetables and greens. gristle.Cut lambPutoff throughbone, removingfood chopperfat and

served as president of the Burbank "These people know how to eat once. Grind again with onion, salt,

council which has a membership of economically,"she points out. "They pepper, allspice, and cracked wheat

20,000. The superintendent of make the best of all their foods. As which has been soaked in water and

schools has distinguished her by apan example, to increase the flavor drained well. Put through food choppointments to special citizen commitof their cooking, they take the bones per again. Place thin layer of meat

tees, and for the past two years she from which the meat has been cut, mixture (about onehalf inch thick) has been a speaker on homemaking brown them in butter, and then in bottom of baking pan. Spread with

for Career Day for each of the two pinenuts and top with onehalf inch

Burbank high schools. thick layer of meat. Smooth top and

mark in diamonds. Dot with butter

Before her marriage, Leah Rae was and pour on three tablespoons olive oil.

a dress designer. "Today,"she obHeat oven to 400 F. Turn to

serves, "the talent comes in very 300F. Put in kibbi and bake about

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 45 minutes. This is as delicious cold

as it is warm, according to Sister Ross.

Tabhooly

2 bunches parsley Few leaves romaine or lettuce 4 tomatoes 1 cucumber J/4 cup olive oil Juice of three lemons Salt Pepper l/2 teaspoon allspice l/2 teaspoon cinnamon Bunch of green onions Y2 cup cracked wheat 1 clove garlic

Chop parsley and romaine, fine. Add Wins cooking contests for sixth year

finely diced tomatoes and cucumber.

Soak cracked wheat. Squeeze water Casper Mother Wins 77 Cooking Awards

of to salad. wheat;out add wheat

it's so cooks say Prizewinning much plenty needs Schnoor Mrs. Herman of well. clove garlic Place Mash

yeastraised serve to convenient prize ribbons her more in sorting of help liberallyin sprinkle separate a bowl and... Fleischspecialties have are glad to children when you three her and salt. oil. olivewith Pour lemon Add handy. Active Yeast over And Dry has 400 mann's oblige! Schnoor Mrs. juice slowly, after beatingon each dry yeast grand wonder. This last no 77 of these and she wonaddition with a fork. Dressing will ribbons your shelf. keeps on for months And at the fall in contests cooking

Wyoming State Fair and the Central it's so easy to use—always rises

Wyoming Fair. fast. When you bake at home use

This expert cook often receives Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast—

requests for her recipes, and when a the best you can buy.

recipe calls for yeast Mrs. Schnoor

Active Fleischmann's recommends easy to use,"Dry Yeast. "It's she 'ThriftyGet the ThreeNew

says. "And always rises fast."

'500 in CASH!

thicken. Cut up green onions well and

add to dressing, perhaps several hours in refrigerator. let standahead and boJotJL &Amj(waMV'

allspice, pepper, and cinnamon Add to salad. Just before serving toss with \mjWjdressing.

Grape Leaves'lUdAM/MXL lUim i Pick young, tender leaves freshly from vines, stuff them with coarsely ground raw shoulder of lamb, rice,and season with salt, pepper, and HEALTHY BABY cinnamon. These will make rolls

about the size of the little finger.

Place the lambs bones in the bottom Nothing to buy! No letters to write! Just

of the pan, lay the stuffed grape send in "snapshot"and entry blank! Enter

leaves on the top, and add enough now—Contest closes midnight, February 11!water so that when the pan is tilted,

a little water shows on one side of MILKtVAPOMRO Entry blanks now at your grocer's Morning Milk display the pan. Steam for an hour and a

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1956 KNOW YOUR LDS COOKS ispotlucks.usually Itrequestedfreezes veryto bringwell, totoo.ward

(Concluded from preceding page) butter in spring mold. Be sure bottoms Chopped Liver

half, then add juice of two or three and sides of spring pan are covered lemons, tilting the pan a bit to make with butter. Sprinkle bottom of pan Take a pound of baby beef liver.

certain the liquids are combined and with zweibach, cinnamon and sugar Put on a brown paper sack on a shallow equally distributed, and steam for mixture. Pour in cream cheese mixture. pan to an oven heated to 350 F. Bake

Bake in 325 F. oven for one hour and until liver is cooked but not dry. Putanother half hour.

off ten minutes. leave and oven Turn a with food chopper through meat the interesting, very Although in for closed door twenty with oven hardfour onion mediumsized and rich is very and demandinghaklawa minutes. leave door oven and Open salt eggs. with Season cooked and

it consists of about thatof time in in onehalf hour. oven from Remove fat chicken pepper. with Moisten

thirty extremely thin sheets of pastry, oven and release spring pan and rewhich has been rendered with a chop- a thin filling of walnuts, pistachio move. ped onion. (To render chicken fat,

nuts, sugar, and water of orange For special occasions, Sister Ross place over low heat in covered pan blossoms between each layer. "It makes a berry glaze to pour over the until all moisture is out. Drain. Will

certainly sabotages a diet,"Sister Ross top: keep indefinitely in covered container

exclaimed. "One tiny bite is suffiin refrigerator. You can use a lot of

cient."Glaze this in the chopped liver.)

2 to 3 cups berries Serve the chopped liver cold as an

Syrian Potato Salad 1 cup water appetizer. It is good with pumper-

V/2 tablespoons cornstarch nickel, rye, wheat, or white bread.

Make same salad dressing used in l/2 to % cup sugar Sister Ross says that her family didn't tahbooly several hours before needed. Crush 1 cup berries, add water, and enjoy liver until she got this recipe

Marinate green onions in it. cook two minutes. Mix cornstarch and from a Jewish friend. Now they like

Boil potatoes, cool, peel, and dice. sugar. Stir in hot berry mixture and it.

Add onions, both green and dried, if cook until clear. Add red vegetable

desired. Chop fine part of a bunch of coloring to make a rich red. Strain and In addition to her cooking, sewing,

salad to potatoes.parsley, Add add cool. rest Pile of berries of top cool on activities, service, community Church will salad so not slowly,dressing cake. be cheese over, cooled syrup Spoon rein his her supporting husband box, in ice and Cover, putmushy. it covering letting berry each drip and sponsibilities, of track her keepingallow to marinate. rein a little. down sides put Do not

children, very otherwise playing and frigerator.

Green Beans well the role of the conscientious,

Saint Latterday mother, Leah Chop Suey loving of frozen French style a package Cook for hobbies. has time ToRae Ross directions on 2 pounds sausage following beans,green

package. Saute 3 tablespoons finely 1 medium bunch celery gether with her husband she braids

minced onion in 4 tablespoons butter 2 large onions wool rugs. They have recently finuntil yellow. Just before serving, pour 2 green peppers ished a rectangular one, 132 x

over cooked beans. 9 cups boiling water \&/2 feet, a sizable task for anyone.

3 twoounce packages dehydrated noodle They are now working on a ninefoot

From among her own recipes, Sissoup circular rug, and have several others rice cups cheeseter offered cake 2 the inRoss has planned. have a keen They also 1 cup chopped almonds

origshe which is famous, silver.for which terest in collecting old English

inated from Lindy's in New York. Brown sausage with chopped celery, The five children of whom Leah

She claims that this is foolproof, onions, and green peppers. Cook until Rae and Mark are proud are Janice

simple, and an assured success. She vegtables are cooked but not brown. almost eighteen, Karen 15, Marianne,

also shares her chop suey and chopBoil water, add chicken noodle soup and 12, Timmy, 8, and Jeffrey who will ped liver recipes. rice. Add to sausage mixture. Add be a year old on January 31.

almonds and put in casserole. Bake in

of a brought year Thoughts new Cheese Cake 350 F. oven about stirring hours, l!/2 all for basic love her from Leah Rae occasionally to distribute moisture. cheese cream pounds 2 She'll trip people. forget not her Sister is this says Ross the dish she

1 cup sugar to of couple a ago. Hawaii summers

6 eggs short that time there "In born was cup cream, whippedl/2 heart for a great love the races in my flour tablespoons 2 1 teaspoon vanilla MOM TO SON AGED TEN which populate the islands. Some-

1 tablespoon lemon juice By Grace V. Watkins day I would dearly love to serve a

2 pieces zweibach mission some place in the Pacific ll te magnificent, stupendous, me V"ou Fm in teaspoon cinnamon wouldn't matter whetherY2 all rolled million into mothers A 1 sugar teaspoon Tahiti, one; area—itHawaii, China, Zealand, New talents beauty and are tremendous; my My

butter 3 tablespoons the Philippines."help Japan, or one's equal To sun. the underneath No my

Cream cheese with sugar. Add eggs, I knowtratedyour youthful thoughts are concenprepare herself for such an opporone at a time and beat well. Fold in Upon the apple pie that's ovenfresh, tunity, Leah Rae has resolved that

the year, the throughout But, elated, I'm with boy, although sonny new much flour, vanilla, cream.whipped Add

I'll tangled in not your verbal be mesh. blessings of the help she Lord, and juice. well. in Fold lemonand compliments shower, you However many

gain each knowledge day some of very Roll out zweibach two pieces pie's until not the cut That hour! will dinner

fine. Add!/2 teaspoon cinnamon and 1 about his children of that part of the

teaspoon sugar. Melt 3 tablespoons world.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GRIND YOUR OWN WHEAT

Model 2040 HOBART MILL

will grind wheat for

flour or cereal

(Five different

grinds)

This is a rebuilt Vi hp Heavy Duty Mill (not refinished) which originally sold for $240.00. Over 600 in use in Utah for

grinding wheat. Unconditionally Guaranteed against any defect for one year.

Price $60.00 f.o.b.. Salt Lake City

HOBART SALES AGENCY

919 So. State—Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone EM 4-1684

A charming dining nook, made more attractive by the artistic placement of greenery.

Fruit and Greenery Make for Homelike Air

by Louise Price Bell WE'RE LOOKING

FOR GOOD INSURANCE AGENTS...

Homemakers should recognize the plate when they run in from school.. Agents who want to

homelike touch that fruit and or play, a good habit for them to earn more! Increase your

greenery will give to any room form. income by being able to

in which they are used. Even a simGreenery can be cut from shrubs write ALL TYPES of coverple house, furnished with inexpensive and bushes in one's own yard or age through strong stock

pieces, will take on quite an air and started from slips given by friends and companies. Good territories

a real look of hominess if a bowl or planted in flower pot or jar. Even open in Utah, Idaho, Monplate of fresh fruit is near at hand the sweet potato sends out an attana, and Nevada. Phone,

for munching when desired, and if tractive vine that can often be trained write, or wire us today!

greenery is in pots or vases, on tables to cover an entire window. Often, a A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY

or on the floor. For a diningnook bare wall or plain curtain looks much COMPLETE LLOYD'S FACILITIES

table, in particular, fruit is a very better if a pot of greenery is set in good centerpiece to use because it front of it. Experiment a bit and

invites nibbling at the end of the see whether you can make your home meal and is healthful. Then, too, even more homelike than it already

the youngsters will enjoy taking an is by the simple use of fruit and Frank Salisbury, Mgr.

apple or pear or peach from the fruit greenery. 330 JUDGE BLDG., SALT LAKE CITY

JANUARY 1956 55 lost an opportunity to impress the imspur of the moment. It is, therefore,

portance of doing right and telling helpful to prepare them for such a the truth. possibility.

In such spoken reminders, gentle It is, of course, important to be conbut firm, and in the daily conversasiderate of what constitutes honestySMALL tion, parents can stress honesty even in a small child.

with the very young. Several years ago a young mother

Example is even more important was greatly worried because her fourCHILDREN than precept; for instance, if a youngyear-old son brought a little car home

ster hears his parents speak with defrom kindergarten. She took the

light about the expected arrival of child back immediately to return theAND guests, there is no doubt in his mind toy and apologize to the teacher.

as to the sincerity of the welcome The teacher graciously accepted the when they come. On the other hand, toy and the tearful, "I'm sorry."ThenHONESTY if the mother says, "Mrs. Smith is she explained to the mother, in prisuch a bore,"and the father remarks, vate, that wee ones sometimes take

"I'm in no mood for seeing the Smiths things simply because they admire tonight,"a child cannot fail to wonthem and that Billy didn't have the der when he hears his parents greet slightest intention of stealing. She

great mother's comadded—to the

learn he would soonby Annie Laurie Von Tnngeln sive,the unwanted"We're sovisitorsglad thatwithyouan couldeffufort—that

come."property rights, as, indeed, he did.

of eight, sense a keen has he Now promises minutest to the Keeping little broom,"my my hostIwant of gives fair play every promise and is also detail important. That's why ess'little -yearold four announced

as she came into the living room it is wise to qualify such statements growing into an upright man.

where her mother and I were chatas "We're going shopping for your We should distinguish between ting. Her crestfallen expression plainnew sweater this afternoon,"or "You imagination and falsehood, particuly indicated that all was not well, a may have a picnic tomorrow,"with larly in young children. They somesuspicion quickly confirmed by inan added, "if I get my work done in times create an imaginary world and

vestigation. time,"or "if the weather is good."people it with imaginary characters.

fill a The young lady followed us back Small children do not have sufficient An imaginary companion may itto the bedroom where she had been judgment to understand why plans temporary need in a youngster:

isplaying. She had taken a box of must be changed sometimes on the may serve as a playmate when he

face power from the dressing table lonely, or it may be the confidant to and upset the contents on the floor. whom he recites his woes. Again, he

Vain attempts to pick it up had scatmay simply find "makebelieve"pertered the powder liberally over the sons fun, just as he finds it fun to be rug. someone else for a while.

"I just turned my back,"she exOne afternoon, a threeyear-old plained gravely as we surveyed the nephew of mine assumed a series of damage, "and it 'pilled."identities, which he reported to his

"You really dropped the powder, father from time to time. "I'm not

didn't you?"her mother said calmly. Mike,"he began, "I'm Mick."A few

"Yes/'the child admitted, "but I'll minutes later he was 'Pud (Spud, his sweep it up."dog), after that, the Cisco Kid, and

"Very well, get your little broom. so on. After each new report, he

I'll get a big one and help you. Then would laugh hilariously. He realized

we'll run the vacuum cleaner and quite well that he was none other have it up in a jiffy. From now on, than the same little boy Mike each

please leave things on the dressing time. He was simply having fun.

table. And you must always tell His father entered into his spirit of

Mother the truth."gaiety, and they enjoyed the simple

"Yes, Mommy,"the child promjoke together. How cruel it would

ised as she ran to get her little broom. have been to punish him for a playThe mother had handled the situful imagination!

ation, both the misdeed and the naive It is wrong, too, to expect a child explanation, wisely. She might have to relate an incident with exact descolded or punished, making the child tail or great accuracy. Recalling that

fearful of admitting the truth and conscientious and intelligent adults confirming her original idea that she vary tremendously in reporting somemust "make up"some explanation thing they have witnessed should help for wrongdoing in order to escape us to be charitable in understanding punishment. Instead, she had acchildren's inconsistencies. Thoughtfind "makebelieve"may A youngster ful adults soon learn to distinguishcepted the little girl's wish to rectify

fun, just as persons he finds it fun to her mistake and had helped her do be someone else for a while. quite well between imaginary flights

it. At the same time, she had not and unintentional inaccuracies on the

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA one hand, and deliberate falsehood and deceit on the other. We should

enter into the spirit of the former butpunish the latter as soon as the child EDUCATIONAL TRAVEL is old enough to understand.

We should also provide practice with in developing honesty, as we give practice in other things. We forget

sometimes that children must learn Brighcam Young new ways of acting and reacting just as they must learn new facts. CharUniversity

acter cannot develop in a vacuum;

throughit must grow activity—the

of working STUDYgiveand-take living and in the family and other groups.Children grow under responsibility. TOURS

Although we should not put temptation in a child's way, it is wise to give him errands of trust; for inSummer 1956

stance, we can make him responsible for bringing in the evening paper; we

can let him make small purchases at the store and bring home the proper College credit Experienced directors amount of change, provided, of Lowcost, nonprofit educaCompanions of like relicourse, that no traffic hazard is intional tours gious ideals volved; we can entrust him with the Spiritual development Visit L.D.S. missions and

delivery of brief oral messages, entemples

Best in concerts, opera, See greatest scenic woncouraging accuracy in his statements.

By careful thoughtfulness, parents drama, museums, galleries ders, buildings and other adults may develop honesty Ride best airlines, buses, Learn about peoples of in small children. and steamships other lands

CLIP AND MAIL FOR FREE INFORMATION

A Note From Nora TO TRAVEL STUDIES, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO, UTAH:

(Continued from page 25) Please send me information about the following:

mother's. Dinner would be ready

) Student Tour of Mexico (ages 1736) there. He knew how his father was ) Book of Mormon Tour of Central America (open to all adults)

dinner always had to be ready or ) SocioCultural Tour of Hawaii (open to all adults) there would be trouble. ) Student Tour of Europe No. 1 (ages 1736)

"Dear Nora,"he wrote. "You ) Student Tour of Europe No. 2 (ages 1736)

seem to forget that I like dinner on ) Peoples and Cultures Tour of Europe (open to all adults) time. In fact, you have forgotten ) Aroundthe-World Tour (open to all adults)

several things lately. Didn't we ) L.D.S. Church History Tour (open to all adults)

agree to use this as a means to iron ) Tour of Alaska and Canadian Rockies (open to all adults) out our difficulties? Let's get together NAME

on this thing. Don."

He folded it carefully and dropped ADDRESS it into the vase. "There, that will

show her."He went upstairs, washed his hands, and changed into a sport THE LIFE OF

LORENZO SNOW TORTILLAS shirt. a mother FRESH CORN thing had he Good

Dr. Romney By Thomas a and to! Illustrated could to go home man—GenerouslyC. Pages 500 A starve New -

otherwise. He remembered how his ONLY $3.00 COMPLETE LINE OF

mother always rushed home from ANDREW JENSON'S L.D.S. Mexican Foods

dinner. to get she wherever was ENCYCLOPEDIA He BIOGRAPHICAL

Vol. I - 828 Pages too, time the Nora was remembered, - ONLY $5.00 AdviceFREE andto organizationscatering suggestionsputting ongiven

dinners. Mexican sweet sick. been His had mother 100 YEARS AFTER For full on prices Williams the to during help over Nancy by about coming Call or Write Frederick Williams Dr. G. of information—See

it to time day. But was Smith when Joseph to Prophet the get 2ndTheCounselorstory

dinner, she rushed away and left Don OverONLY200$1.50Pages MANUEL'S FINE FOODS

to take over. Don remembered how Sold by Mail Order ONLY. Send check or 350 West 7th South Salt Lake City, Utah

annoyed he had been at his dad at money order to S.U.P. (Sons of the Utah Phone EM 3-0609

504 Foundation, Memorial Wal- - WE SHIP ANYWHERE—that time. Pioneers)

Utah. Bldg., Salt Lake City, ker Bank

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1956 "Do we have to scrap?"she smiled.

A NOTE FROM NORA Don barely heard her because he (Concluded from preceding page) Don was eating rhubarb pie when was stooping to pick up a piece of

He walked down the stairs slowly. Nora rushed in. "I'm sorry to be blue paper from the hearth. "What's

It was pretty silly the way his mother late, darling,"she said. "I know how this?"

had to rush around after his dad. you hate your dinner to be late.""You haven't read it?"she said.

Did he really want Nora to be that He hugged her. "I was sort of She stood waiting while he unway? Perhaps she had gone to town worried about you,"he said. "But folded the paper and read, "Dear

and missed a bus. Or something it's all right now. Don't think you Don. Your mother is sick, so I've

might have happened to her. She have to rush home like my mother gone to get dinner for your dad. I'll

might have a good excuse and he had always does."be home as soon as I can. Sorry your

not even given her a chance. "You forgive me then?"she asked. dinner will be late, but try to love

Don hurried to the vase and pulled "Honey, I'll show you how much,"me anyway. I love you. Nora."

out the note. Thankful that Nora he said. "Follow me."Don took her in his arms. "I'm a

had not read it, he tore it into bits He went to the living room, took heel,"he said. "And now I've broken

and flung them into the fireplace. the vase from the mantle and smashed the vase just when you have started

Then he went to the kitchen and it on the hearth. "There,"he said, writing such nice notes."

found potato salad and cold meat and "from now on we'll do our scrapping "I'd rather tell you,"she said.

pie in the icebox. like other people.""And I'd rather hear you,"he said.

THERE WERE JAREDITES Sumerianscurve, he didsmacknot hesitateon Chadwick'sto project (Continued from page 32) rarely come to the attention of one his limited information along the lines into proving it. Chadwick's your who reads them separately and far of a general law."Mr. Blank fortifirst fied the curve another with chalk for apart, this that."guarantee can youman and—I read book: then the from and of attention to the did he do it?"one line come "How—never

of existence the "'Once a Sumerian set at all! three reads corpuses of epic never "He them who How

poetry or literature (it wasn't all many people do you suppose ever Heroic Age had been determined,'poetry) side by side. Here, let me get around to comparing the originals that was the little 'x'we drew on the line—'it was possible to adduce itsshow you...."of even half a dozen epics?"

The tireless Blank scouted through "You know the answer to that one. cultural pattern and historic back-

... longthe shelves and took down a Beowulf, Somewhere between one and three ground on analogy with

repheroic were known ages,'—they of Egils edition Saga, maybe?"Finnur Jonsson's

first curve. resented by the s Kramer little elegantly "Apparently nobody did untiland an volume bound

of the Dun Cow. Chadwick came along. Though he gives credit to Chadwick for estab-

"Very weak in the Celtic departcompared just three epic literatures, lishing the original curve: 'It is largely of.. to that the credit. Chadwick at gave the hement,"nodding them a good he commented, going over—he

is realized generally the that now at it a professor threelatter item of AngloSaxon was as he set the books heroic ages which we come able socalled Oxford, the beside the desk was on he youup Homer, know—and to time from upon from time and detailed in this fundaare then most people to show just"but and how

civiliin of place place to the history really were. the resemblances too, mental crime and scandal,country—a of zation are not the figments mere to the nonliterarysince turned half the population has Celtic Then he

literary imagination, but represent histories, in sources reallyblood. Translation, each case—the too—can't real social very significant very and rechronicles, genealogies, physical translations, romanticuse know; you "9 phenomena.'that part, mains, etc., ninefor thebalderdash and most easily showed

teenthcentury romanticism and Victhey described or depicted the same "Has anyone else used the curve?"

torian preconceptions warp every world that the poets told about. Not Professor F. asked.

line; miss all the main points, to say only did the three epic literatures tell "You may have heard of the very

nothing of the fine points. However, the same story, but also in each case recent decipherment of all but twenty

this will have to do for now. Bethat story was seen to have a backof the eightyeight mysterious symhold!"ground in solid fact."bols of the socalled Mionan Script

He pointed to the books standing "Three aren't so many,"the pro- B. Some 4000 tablets written in that

in a row. "There they stand four fessor intoned. script now await interpretation, and

of them side by side, four out of a "A great truth! But three points to date Chadwick's heroic age has

possible hundred, selected at random, are enough to establish a curve on a been a most useful guide in reconmind you, written in different parts graph. That curve represents a law, structing the world those tablets are

of the world, with a full two thousand one might say, and of course the more talking about."

years between the oldest and youngpoints we can fix the more certain we "How does that work?"

est of them—and yet they are as will be of our curve and of the law it "Once the heroic situation is estabalike as peas in a pod!"represents. Dozens of other epic lished, the researcher knows what to

"You exaggerate, as usual,"was the points have been determined or idenlook for—he is reassured when he is

professor's comment. tified since Chadwick's original three, on the track and admonished when

"On the contrary, anyone who and all fall quite close to the original things don't ring true. Professor

reads them side by side is quite bowled line. Thus when Dr. Kramer found Nilsson uses Chadwick in the same

over by the resemblances, which evidence that would put his protoway, working in this area. Then in

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA quite area, cultural another Cyrus in has recently detected the Have You A Cooking Problem? Gordon

heroic age or epic milieu a sure guide to restoring the historical and culSEE THIS SPECIAL tural background and of Abraham his people, whose true nature, he beGRISWOLD lieves, has escaped the scholars. He

gives full credit to Chadwick as his RANGE guide."Especially Designed for

"And now, my dear sir,"said the Churches and Schools professor, "if this discussion is to continue, as you seem determined it shall, Look At These Features:

would you be so kind as to tell me Plenty of CAPACITY, with 6 how I can recognize your epic milieu burners, 2 generous ovens and of big smokeless broiler. Loadswhen I see it?"

easy with CONVENIENCE "Always willing to oblige. By a clean stainless steel top andto

fortunate coincidence I happened to backsplash, automatic controls in a 38 bring Chadwick withme. We can andinch signalspace. lights—-all

go through it and list some of the... And all this at the price

stock characteristics of heroic ages on of a household range!

the blackboard."He took a fat book Drop in or write today to:

from his briefcase; it was bristling

markers. with,"with begin page "To H. BINTZ W. COMPANY said, picking the out mosthe

So., Salt Lake City, con433 W. 3rd Utah, Phone EM 3-5821

spicuously marked passage and reading didactically, "'The heroic age coincides with the period of upheaval... the period generally 16mm Films ARE YOU READY FOR

every for as Migrathe age of Nationalknown Ward group WINTER?

IN FEATURES TECHNICOLOR 10 tions.'is point That one. Kramer To Song Remember

here says much the same thing: RoguesTen Tall ofMenSherwood Forest

Valley Beaver Disney's Disney's Nature's Half Acre ICECHASER... the factors primarily responsible for

the more characteristic features of the... Disney's Seal Island will let you smile when the

firstheroic are these the ages In two. place Technicolor Cartoons flies. of handfuls few snow A

studios, Disney's from from Comany ofheroic ages period with coincide na22 a ice melts and snow ICECHASER including Mr. lumbia Magoo, Academy

tional migrations, a Volkerwanderungszeit. Boing, winner McBoing Gerald Award and Driveways, Walks, and from Madeline. is far this sigthe by moreSecondly—and Gutters.

... Rental thesenificant Reasonable on and peoples come had factor—these

in contact with a civilized power in the hundreds of others ICECHASER 11 process of disintegration.

is a wonder chemical with HILLAM'S "It is too bad that we have no word 54 Post Office Place Salt Lake City, Utah melting action 3 TIMES in our language that remotely rePhone EM 3-5417 GREATER THAN SALT! When

sembles the rich and succulent it snows, just throw out a few

Volkerwanderungszeit. Our 'Swarmhandfuls of ICECHASER and it

ing Time,''Migration of peoples,''Namelts away and provides IMtional Migrations'and all that are MEDIATE TRACTION.

weak and unsatisfying."For Your Won'tconcrete.harmSafegrass,aroundshrubs,childrenvegetation,and

"it's "Yes,"F. agreed, a chocolatenon-corrosive. is nontoxic and

all right.coated word Just WAY. GOES A what does Real Estate animals—A LITTLE LONG

it mean?"and Comes in 10 pound bags at your grocer

or 100 pound drums from your distribu- "A Volkerwanderungszeit is one of Insurance Needs tor.

those periods of vast and compulsory nomadism that from time to time fill See ECONOMICAL AND SAFE!

the whole world with commotion. A Anderson & Johnson Sole Distributor

tremendously important historical Agency phenomenon, and of course the most 17 East Main St., Mesa, Arizona GENERAL SALES AGENCY

significant of all the hundredand-one Phone Woodland 4-7454 312 Darling Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

different types and degrees of noPhone EM 4-3777 madism. Most nomads aren't good at

keeping records, but a good old

Vbikerwanderung is such a titanic

HEADQUARTERS FOR 1event evolving L.D.S. f such of people masses JOltY IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA d kthat it can't very well keep out of the TIME CORNrecord: the reports come from both YE KINGS REST MOTEL

526 5TH STREET SOUTH victims describe in chronsides—the B. Foutz, ftps, >"Harold Guaranteed Owner Every Kemel by i\

icles barbarians of woe Housekeeping how the move Dr. Good k",'H. Foutz, Edgar Manager OR YOUR

(Continued on following page) Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout MONEY BACK!

JANUARY 1956 59 a

THERE WERE JAREDITES

Christopher Columbia $W- (Continued from preceding page) "You can chalk that up as one in on them, while the invaders glorify point for Ether,"the professor conexploits in song. epic At ceded.

rate real epic poetry always de- "And a rather neat one,"Blank Sm with Safety y theany same scribes conditions prevailing in times replied. "The book gets off to a flyof world upheaval and mass migraing start. But let's leave Ether out

tion."of this until we get a clear image of

Don't take less EARN. we can countt on Earn more for your money... Dkl5

safety full with complete a 4% STATE Richard L. Evans

instituthis at state supervised

SUPERVISED tion. by mail. Save Open an of turns to the season thoughts our theme somehow R. This ELBERT

account now. by writing things that on. count cannot Some things we can we CURTIS

President always count on. But the things we can count on are so

great, so solid, so satisfying, that even a brief and incomplete inventory of them fills our hearts with an overflowing greatness of gratitude. We can count on the everrecurring seaASSN. SAVINGS LOAN AND ST. sons which come with wondrous regularity to bring each 21ST 1056 EAST SOUTH

SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH year a time for plowing and planting (if we will), and a time for harvest. We can count on the heavens'being kept

in their course, as the Maker and Administrator of all that is, "... hath given a law unto all things, by which they

1 "BANQUETMASTER"move in their times and their seasons."We can count on

ALLNEW THE NEW! 1955 MODEL the purposefulness of life—-for the Father of us all, who made TABLE FOLDING

Designed for today's beautiful us in his image, has rilled it full of everlasting promise and

Schools Churches Cafes Private Homes purpose. We can count on justice. Sometimes we see much

seeming injustice, but "There is a law, irrevocably decreed in heaven... upon which all blessings are predicated"2—

law of compensation which is inviolate, and while we sometimes become impatient and discouraged, and even maybe sometimes a bit bitter, yet judgment and injustice and compensation are always and forever inevitable. This we can

count on. Some things are fleeting. There is nothing of

this world's tangibles that we can take with us. No one who

ever owned an empire, and no one who ever owned a single acre, could count on keeping it beyond the quickly passing days we live within this life. Of all the great and mighty,

of all the humble and lowly, all they ever had claim to, has passed to someone else when they have passed, except what they are inside themselves, except their own personal permanence. But as to truth and intelligence and ultimate judgment and justice, and love and mercy, and the peace that

Join the comestime, andwiththesincerepermanentrepentance,perpetuationand theof healingpersonalityprocessand ofof limitless possibilities and progress, and provision that the

Lord God has made that we may live forever with our loved MARCH ones—these we can count on. And despite the uncertainties,

despite the disappointments (despite all we wish we had, OF DIMES and all we wish we didn't have)—our hearts are filled to

Janwy3to 3f overflowingfor things thatfor areall andthat thingsis ours,thatfor areall tothatbe—forGod hasthe given,sweet

and simple things of every day, and for the timeless and eternal things that we can count on.

JOHNSON & JOHNSON L.D.S. Genealogical Research Uhe Spoken lA/ora from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Specializing in SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 20, 1955

U.S. Census Records and Copyright, 1955

Pension Records JD & C 88:42.

Box 3188Washington 9, D. C. -Ibid., 130:20.

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the epic milieu by itself. Then we

can make comparisons if we want to."Enjoy the Bread that's "Then let's get on to point numsaidber two,"Professor

he continued) (To F. Rich in Milk!

BIBLIOGRAPHY

1H. L. Lorimer, "Homer and the Art of

Writing,"American Journal of Archaeology, 52 (1948), pp. 1213.

2Ibid., pp. 1415.

"Hermann Schneider, Germanische Heldensage (Berling: de Gruyter, 1928), I, 14,

4H. Winckler, in the 3rd ed. of E. Schrader, Die Keilinschriften und das Alte Testament (Berlin, 1903), p. 4.

5A. B. Lord, "Homer, Parry, and Huso,"

Am ]nl. Arch. 52 (1948), p. 39.

"S. N. Kramer, "New Light on the Early

History of the Ancient Near East,"Am. also enriched

]nl. Arch. 52, p. 157.

"Ibid., p. 159. with vitamins

sIbid., p. 157. and iron Fresh at your grocers 158. "Ibid., p.

10H. Munro Chadwick, The Growth of

Literature, Vol. I (Cambridge Univ., 1932),

I. "Kramer, op. cit., p. 159.

Doctor Urges Warning

to the Young

(London Times, August 1, 1955) WTO

Thecanceradvanceof the inlungthe isprevalencedescribed asof "particularly disquieting"by Dr.

A. C. T. Perkins, medical officer of

health for Middlesex, in his report for 1954 on public health in the county.

The report states that deaths from cancer during the year totalled 4,431, representing 20.9 percent of all

deaths. Of the total, 1,007 were cases

of cancer of the lung, an increase of 13 percent on the previous year's figures. Commenting on this, Dr. Perkins WE OFFER...

says: "It is now fairly generally A COMPLETE

recognized that excessive smoking is, ENGRAVING SERVICE

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest at the least, a major predisposing Catalogues.

factor in the aetiology [etiology] of Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention orYou,anyyourchurchwomen'sgroupsociety,will cancer of the lung. It is, perhaps, UTAH ENGRAVING CO. earn easy, extra money fast when you show

this of colorful assortment new 231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utahless appreciated that there is contable with a wellknown beautifulnapkins—eachsiderable that the evidence to suggest prayer. in "grace"cellophane, Wrapped

deleterious effects of heavy smoking 50 per pkg. Wonderful repeat item!

may not become manifest until many Easy to handle—Easy to sell!

. for samples FREE TODAY.

startedyears later, even though there may IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS andSendget on your own profitable business.

relative abstentionhave been from in treatment Aids of Canker, simple Dept. ie ROBERTS, 16 EDGAR peritobacco during the intervening sore throat minor and other mouth 2, So., Minneapolis 33 Eighth St. Minn.

effortod. Please send Every be should me FREE new Graceline SAMPLES of made, and throat irritations. I napkins details. and complete moneymakingtherefore, to bring to young home

NAME alikepeople the disadvantages, on HALLS REMEDY ADDRESS.physiological grounds, and economic

Salt Lake City, Utah Iof smoking."CITY. ZONE -STATE,—J

JANUARY 1956 61 On the Bookrack FROM THE CROSSROADS self. Because of his own experiences in discussions on more abundant living,"

(Richard L. Evans. Harper & Bros., New marriage and his inexperience as a most of which have appeared in The

York. 1955. 256 pages. $2.75.) lawyer in this field of divorce, he seeks Instructor within the past five years.

new book by Richard L. Evans is counsel from an experienced, wise The author's varied experience and keen

always an exciting adventure in judge. The philosophy of this man is observation have resulted in subject matreading. The philosophy which he inworth the price of the book. Yet it is ter that shows an astonishingly wide

corporates into his work with such topped, perhaps, by the wonderful range in time, and place, and topic.

succinctness stimulates active thought. philosophy of the wise stake president Noteworthy and indicative is the fact

From the Crossroads is the sixth pubwho attempts to help both Bill and his that more than 200 persons, from scriplished collection of his "sermonettes,"wife, Mary, solve their problems from ture and history and the contemporary as he has been pleased to call them a Church standpoint. scene, appear by name in these articles.

the "Spoken Word"for the Tabernacle This book is crammed with outstandWhen a writer is as interested as that

Choir and Organ broadcasts, the longest ing philosophy as well as Church in people, readers are bound to find an sustaining radio program of an inspiradoctrine, both written so well that interest in his writings.

tional nature in America. These gems neither detracts from the style of the This is good reading of the inspiraof thought have a real impact, bringing novel. At the same time it never betional type.

to the reader the sense of a continuity comes "preachy"or condemning but lifeof together qualities those with NUGGETS FROM THE GOLDEN people rather young helpful—helping

in havewhich succeedmade life good their responsibilities in NEW TESTAMENT marunderstand ing generations of time. riage, what they can do when things (Ezra L. Marler. Bookcraft Publishers,

The integrity of the author has pergo awry, where they can turn for help, Salt Lake City. 190 pp. 1955. $2.25.)

everymeated in the word book and their and what in this is taken enbook material course of action should Theshows the joy that results man from a circumstances. various be in extirely Testament, from the New lived.life well

Although a novel, to Latterday Saints cept for a few "compiler's notes"which

TO LOVE AND TO CHERISH and even nonmembers of the Church, are brief and to the point. Some 400

(Emma Marr Petersen. Bookcraft. Salt this book can well become a reference New Testament passages, ranging from

Lake City. 1956. 146 pp. $2.00.) book on the subject of marriage, family single verses to whole chapters, have

TTVdr any married person or one conresponsibilities, and divorce. Whether been selected and rearranged topically

A tempi ating marriage, and for everyread for pleasure, for help, for Church under twelve chapter heads.

one who is ever faced with the problem doctrine, or for workable philosophy in The book is aimed at being selective of divorce, this book is essential. Altoday's world, this book will delight its rather than comprehensive, although

though fiction, it deals with everyday readers. H. W. L. many crossreferences to important parfact, problems, and, best of all, with alleled passages are given. Scattered passolutions. IT'S YOUR LIFE TO ENJOY sages on the same subject, on being

The story opens with a young couple (Wendell J. Ashton. Bookcraft Pubbrought together, prove to be mutually

facing the breakup of their marriage. lishers, Salt Lake City. 207 pp. 1955. illuminating and stand out with added

Fortunately, the husband is elected a $2.50.) emphasis. The passages used have been

judge and for the first time must deHere, "dedicated to the young in chosen with discrimination and rear- cide the merits of divorce problems himheart,"is a cheery collection of "52 ranged with skill.—S. B. T.

THESE TIMES

(Concluded from page 2) But it is the sober evidence of the growing to fill the earth. This is the

of property, in the profit motive. Inyears, that if joy is to be achieved, and method taught by Jesus. Mere "wardeed every system not solidly estabhappy days realized, we must occafare against evil"is insufficient, negalished on the premises of "scientific sosionally face up to the problem of evil. tive, and accomplishes little unless it be

cialism"as announced by the official This is not the place to dwell on the more evil. Good is a crop that has to

interpreters of the moment is "evil."theological refinements of the issue. be sown in positive fashion. If properThis example, from a highly organReinhold Niebuhr, Carl Tillich, and ly cultivated, it can displace the bad. In

ized area of what may be loosely called others, have called attention to the issue the process, possibility of evil has, of "atheistic scientific humanism"(with for contemporary Protestants. So, uncourse, to be faced. Pasteur had to

apologies to the noncommunist, nonquestionably, some may dig with profit isolate the bacteria, formulate the germMarxist devotees of that broad field), into Joseph Smith, Brigham Young, and theory of disease and infection, before serves to emphasize the importance of modern scriptures for realistic formulapenicillin and modern surgery could the fourth proposition. Like religion, tion. This should not preoccupy any supplant superstition and work their

Marxism hopes to "abolish"evil—in the one. Despite much evil in the world, daily miracles. So, in things of the

"second stage of socialism"—according there is a growing, abundant record that mind, spirit, and society.

to their classic doctrine. This is the atheists as well as theists, antipriests as Of one thing we may be certain it

inverted form of the Christian millenwell as authorized ministers, that scienwill not be easy to identify the problem nium when "Satan is bound"and "time tific, secularistic humanists as well as in the days ahead. But to the extent

believers, confirmed, daily Marxist are baptized the However,is no longer."that knowledge and truth can be found,

stage, evil. inoffailure contributing to the to achieve conquest this second

cluding the "withering away of the One only needs to read the history of to that extent can man, the child of state,"reminds us that neither can Satan medicine or education or business for God, use his intelligence in the sentient be bound unless identified, reckoned evidence. Our material comforts, the universe and have joy in the New Year.

with, and overcome. conquest of disease, hunger, famine, and Why strive then? To gain knowledge,

To some this all may sound like an ignorance generally, all testify. Good and with that knowledge, to overcome

odd way to say "Happy New Year!"can and does overcome evil and go on evil with good in these times.

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mekhizedefc Priesthood (Concluded from page 49) Superior Advantages!

secretaries and others holding secretarial positions in any of the Church Enroll now with an accredited WINTER organizations be cognizant of the imcollege that offers you the perQUARTER portance and responsibilties of their sonalized benefits of a small BEGINS callings and be determined to do their school.

work to the best of their abilities.

Under such conditions, they may INDIVIDUAL ATTENTION serve as valuable aids to stake presiFRIENDSHIPS JAN. 3,

dencies, to bishoprics, to quorum PERSONALIZED COUNSELING AND presidencies, or to whoever may GUIDANCE have been assigned to preside over SPIRITUAL CLASSESthem. 1956

It would be difficult for the Church WHOLESOME ENVIRONMENT REGISTER NOWor the kingdom of God to be built in CONVENIENTLY LOCATED IN SALT righteousness and to move forward LAKE CITY (RegistrationsJan. 9 andAlsoJan.Accepted16)

in accordance with the Lord's divine design without expert secretarial work being done faithfully.

Sixth—Efficient Secretaries to he Branch of Brigham Young University

Appointed: 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CiTY With the foregoing information in KB man/toe

are advised presidencies stakemind, KITCHEn CHflRm h FOLDING efficapable, outstanding,to select to servecient, honorable and men as WAXED PAPER BANQUETTABLES the records clerks onstake to keepthat level. Similar advice is extended KEEPS FOOD Direct Prices &

to all quorum presidencies throughFRESHER LONGER! Discounts to

out the Church in the selection of Churches, Schools, quorum secretaries. Also, bishoprics and all Institutions

should choose carefully men who are qualified, faithful, and efficient, with natural talents towards the work of

TRUCKS reports, records making andkeeping storingMONROE For truck easy wayTables these clerks. After as modernFoldingtablesto serve ward EachandConstruestoragChairs chairs.permits handlesthetion of No. TSCor Storage Transport Truckeitherspace. in limited theseselections been have made, Truck No. T$

brethren are to be set apart to their ChurchChurch UnitsPurchasingmay directDepartment,their inquiries47 toEastthe respective callings and given instrucSouth Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

tions regarding their activities. A THE }MOWIO COMPANY

careful check should be kept on their /249CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA \

work with suggestions given fromtime to time. A vast amount of LINGUAPHONEMAKES IT EASY TO LISTEN and LEARN to

responsibility can be taken andwork of presiding the shouldersfrom offiSpeak?;v&s

cers through the work of capable clerks and secretaries. SPANISH FRENCH ITALIAN

GERMAN RUSSIAN JAPANESE MODERN GREEK—any of 34 languages available

LINGUAPHONE—The HARMONY HOME WithConversational Start to StandardSPEAK

another languageMethod—YouTOMORROW.World's

12 8 to Only brings of the LINGUAPHONE E. Theresa Black By

best world's native into teachers language your WITH MILLIONS POPULAR 20 listen home. For just Minutes can a you Day

it years ago thought wise to we lifelike Linguaphone's Recordings.Come IVES... OF MODERN HOUSEW

it to easy learn another make language AT size our a house about buy To ALL LEADING learned GROCERS to natural you same way HOME—theThey if fate, AT as then though temptingAnd school. to Linguaphone before you went speak

... started to colleges, accumulate. govschools, the is used by world roundWe

ernments, businesses. More than 1,000,000 homefishing tackle, books. favoredOur

study students. inKeepsakes all the nooks....... packed

Some little thing from every day I LINGUAPHONE INSTITUTE

N. Y. 20, 12016 Plaza, Rockefeller York New neitherThat could throw away. DRINK one

| obligation. Book. Please send your FREE me No

to big structure hold enoughA is interest language | My treasuresOur would be empty

I Name its bursting at dwellingThis.seams.. cold.. ficq I A delightful Address

Still of priceless houses dreams. worlds for those hot beverage State City Zone

'coffee. For drink don't Conversational World's Standard Method who

AT YOUR GROCERS i Over Half a Century

JANUARY 1956 63 Your Page aniQ0%

Moffett Field, California AN ERA SUPPORTER SPEAKS

Dear Editors, C ince I have been receiving The Improvement Era, I have read f* V.sonallyHansenrecallsof Provo,a lot ofUtah,Era perhis-

many interesting and enlightening things about the work of tory. He has his bound volume of

I feel gospel. the tell the this at that Church and time I must first the the year magazine pubwas

I that are think in editing job doing you a wonderful you and lished in (189798). lived LoHe

distributing the especially of magazine, to the our servicemen gan, then, Utah, president and was

I, are Church. not so fortunate as stationed being Many where of the Fourth Ward YMMIA. He

I services attend meetings. and may says: a to get had time hard "We

Sincerely, subscribers. We were turned down

/s/ Blaine K. Hutchinson by bishops, high councilors, and even

the president of the stake refused to

Evanston, Wyoming subscribe. Some change!"Elder

Dear Editors: Hansen has held many important

can't begin to tell you how many fine compliments I have ties.positionsThisinphotoward wasandtakenstakewhencapacihe

heard on and about the November issue of the Era. was nearly six months past eightyThese comments are not only on the Los Angeles Temple but five. He still averages ten hours a

also on the writeups concerning the other temples. day at his profession. And we like

his attitude he describes when himMay the Lord bless you always.

C. V. self Hansen as being a of the "best member Sincerely ward the best and stake in the is in Church, His membership

Is/ Dorothea Guild the Pioneer Ward, West Utah Stake.

Dear Editors: Los Angeles, Calif. Lethbridge, Alberta

ith I of change like Editors: address my Dear to all would thank those thatyfl

for possible make like servicemen to receive myself the Era I express personal congratulations my to staff the you and JJay monthly. interest in Theit the all wellbeing of the overbrethren the recent on special I edition temple of the Era. would seas and surely from away It all. has appreciated home been by say that the magazine achieved a level of excellence in new both helps bring and our loved home ones closer at the and time same the quality of scope and the treatment also in and the The

all gives us timely and worthy messages that much. need we color A treatment magnificent, I was this, and say when opinion myart. thousand thanks the I from of heart, feel bottom that and my is shared other by of members editorial our photoengraving and

all the servicemen feel I and as the do. the women same staff. May

Lord always inspire the leaders of our Church to write what we Kind regards and good wishes.

need the most. Isl C. Frank Steele

Yours Sincerely Associate Editor

Isl Bila B. Palagyi The Lethbridge Herald

OAKLAND GIRL ACHIEVES Dear Editors: Olympia, Washington

issue is of November the outstanding, Era yet I haven't icki of Oakland Martin DeeXI f'HE f had it opportunity an to read from cover to cover, I shall. but (CaliFourth Oakland Ward,

so impressed with am the the way information the about temfive- I Stake, fornia) a has achieved year one hundred percent attendance ples has been presented, that I believe my relatives in England record in Mutual, Sunday School, could be likewise impressed. I wonder if at least one extra copy

and sacrament meeting. She was an would be available to me?

The particular uncle visited has Salt Lake City and was imBee, and twoyearHonor Mia Joy, with what there. issue he saw This help stimulate will may eighteenth birthday appressedon her

ply for her Silver Gleaner award. further interest, and since the new temple in England is not too

She is an accomplished musician far from their home perhaps will create an interest in the erecand is active in other ward organization of that building.

tions. She is the daughter of Elder At any rate I am interested in obtaining at least one extra

and Mrs. Wendell C. Martin and the copy—an opportunity to do a little extra missionary work. This

granddaughter of Patriarch and Mrs. November issue speaks for itself.

Robert T Paine. Sincerely,

Vicki Dee Martin Isl Constance Fulton

SERVICEMEN AT GOOSE AIR BASE

to from left right of are part group the LDS servicemen's P ictured at Air Goose now stationed Base, Labrador: WilRaymond L.

liams, Shreveport, La.; Donald G. Hehr, Seattle, Washington;

Dee L. Jorgensen, Blackfoot, Idaho; Lee M. Shepherd, Mt. Pleasant,

Utah; Flight Lieut. Emery of the Royal Canadian Air Force;

Group Leader Jack B. Stowers, Salt Lake City; Ross A. McDonald,

Salt Lake City, John H. Compton, Roanoke, Virginia; and Joseph

C. Gimbel, Shreveport, La. The photo was taken by Clarence H.

M Young, Klamath Falls, Oregon.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA /ywuriaMu, sJLiL "pwhuvs JL co&nA o ZEE

the economy tissue with the softness to match its soft lovely colors!

Color in your home is just as important as color in your dress. And ZEE colors are so right for your bathroom April Yellow

...soft, soft as this fine quality, economy tissue itself!

;J| Ballet Pink

'4 l$Si*j

SoffWhite

Foam Green

Crown Zellerbach Corporation tofaWM.y.

NEWSPAPER OFFICE, 1905—Then, as now, the local newspaper office was both mecca and madhouse. Through its newsroom passed a Our General Agents

strange parade of people: the mealticket pugilist with picture and publicity handouts; the advance agent for the circus with a fistful of passes to Donal J. Hill, C.L.U.,

exchange for free space; the politician, the preacher, the pundit. In this heads the Beneficial little kingdom of the fourth estate the city editor reigned supreme—agency serving seven

bothered, badgered, bullied, but always unbowed. To these sturdy defenders counties in Central Calof the freedom of the press, of half a century ago, a sincere salute! ifornia, including PorLike the newspaperman, your Beneficial Life agent is close to the terville, Hanford,

great events in the lives of many people. He has the pleasant task of Avenal, Merced, Chowassuring funds for the education of your children, or your own retirement chilla, Visalia, and

income. He has the less pleasant but even more important task of providing Coalinga, in addition to

for both immediate and future financial needs of your wife and family the headquarters city in time of trouble. Ask your friendly Beneficial agent about "Planned of Fresno.

Futures."

A. E. Larsen heads the

agency serving Southwestern Idaho, withBENEFICIAL LIFE agents located in Twin

Falls, Burley, and Eden. Office for the 'Mufamce omptrnu agency is in Twin

Falls.

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah