...takesplanning

Going to BYU is something special. It means a superior education

at one of the world's great universities, with a beautiful new campus, outstanding faculty and unusually motivated students, where a balanced education combines the finest academic, physical and spiritual training in an ideal social climate. Standards are high and study is

not easy at BYU; demand is great, but there is always room for the

good scholar. Therefore, students planning to seek a superior BYU

education should prepare and plan for it.

Students contemplating a college career at BYU should make sure that they are qualified and that all of the required steps have been taken for entrance. Remember, application for admission must

be accompanied by two copies of the transcript of credits and scores of the American College Tests. Deadline for application is July 30.

The American College Tests are given in every state. Obtain materials

from your high school principal or counselor. One more test remains;

it will be given June 25. You have until June 4 to register for it.

If you have any questions or need application materials, write to the BYU Office of Admissions and Records, Provo, Utah.

startplanning todayforyourfuture at

BRIGHAM

YOUNG UNIVERSITY to send How money Exploring to missionariesthe Universe By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. without

CELL. MEMORY

can a cell carry within it all transfer cost How the genetic information to produce a complex organism? The original

cell contains as many "bits"of information as are contained in some 50 different 24volume sets similar the to Encyclopedia Britannica. A

is "bit"information the amount of ifOflllMft out* /jl in knowing whether an answer is i!M If 'St Sera-- \;(fiCZZ 3

yes or no. r t

fe;..

First Security Bank offers a special service for families or sponsors remitting funds to missionaries in the field. We provide either bank

PERSPIRATION RATE draftsregardlessfor foreignof the amountdestinations-- andor cashier'sthey are checkscashablefreeanywhere.of charge,

Tests at Indiana University have Whether your missionary is in the United States or abroad you may found that a marked increase in safely send any amount required, and there are no delays because perspiration rate occurs within a you send the bank draft or cashier's check yourself. Both are readily

offices banking our in 76 one of 98 Intermountain available at any half after beginning and asecond

First Security is a you. There near Bank

activity in of muscular a warm communities.

room.

CHIMP INVENTIVENESS

For safe, sure and low cost handling ofyour own money,

Studies by Jane Goodall at the First Security provides:

Stream ReserveGombe Game near BANK MONEY ORDERS—ideal for people who have anAfrica's Lake Tanganyika have

are redeemable anywhere, to send money. need They that use a occasional chimpanzeesshown

less orders. considerably cost than completely safe and postal money tools variety of and have a 20word

vocabulary. Miss Goodall found Choose either our REGULAR or tools. CHECKING ACCOUNTS—that chimps fashion even plans. A generous supply of checksShe saw a chimp use a leaf as a payas-yougo CHECKWAY

printed address with your and comes name FREE with either his stickynapkin hands to wipe is in best lor you. see which account. and Comeafter eating. Another crumchimp

pled a leaf and used it as a sponge to soak up rainwater from a hollow log. First Security Banks

Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

JUNE 1966 465 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Laterday Saints

Contents for June 1966 Volume 69 9 Number 6

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: Only One Standard of Morality, Art:465, 576, 600 -Ed -Maryon

President David O. McKay (General Priesthood Meeting Address).... 476 478,486 -573,Ted 575NagataDale Kilboum

Statement on Communism 477 588,579 -592595Fae BarsonJerryCall Thompson

General Conference Addresses 490555 591598 -Travis—Sherry WinnJohnson

The Reality of the Resurrection, President David O. McKay 491 Lettering:

Response to Duty, President David O. McKay 554 470, Scanlon476, 486, 572 Maurice

He LivesAll Glory to His Name, President Hugh B. Brown 493 Photos:

He Is Not Dead, President N. Eldon Tanner 496 490555569—ParamountRobert PicturesPerine

The Signs of the Lord's Coming, President Joseph Fielding Smith 499 585, 596 -Eldon Linschoten

The Church Moves On, 468; General Conference Index, 474; Melchizedek Priesthood: A

Time for Priesthood Scholarship, 572; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 574.

Special Features

Teaching: Teaching for Commitment, Dale T. Tingey... 478

Testimony and a Liberal Education, Clair L. Wyatt 480

Home Happiness 483 Genealogy: The Ward Record Examination Program 484

James A. Cullimore, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve,

Albeit L. Zobell, Jr - 488

Best of Movies, Howard Pearson 569

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans....473, 560, 580, 584

Since Cumorah, Hugh Nibley 582

S. Harris, Jr., Franklin the Universe,Exploring 465; These Times: Estados Unidos do Brasil, ERA POLICY REGARDING 472. Reports, Letters and Durham, 470;G. Homer ADVERTISING OF DRINKS

The Era of Youth.. 585 CONTAINING CAFFEINE

The Last Word 600 The Improvement Era does not accept advertising for beverFamily and Home Features numberages thatof containinquiries caffeine.have beenA

Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor received concerning the Tab

soft drink ad that appears on Cleanliness Is Just Good Sense y 576 page 233 of the March 1966

Home, Sweet Home 579 weissue.hadBeforethe drinkacceptinganalyzedthis ad,for

caffeine content by the Utah Stories, Poetry State Chemist's office. The test

Nesting Instinct, Doris S. Feet 486 number10, 1966.is Their66C404,reportFebruaryreads:

Poetry 473, 556, 558 "Caffeine: none."DLG

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 THE cover

as picture cover This month's L. Editor; Zobell, Editor; Albert Managing Research L. Evans, and Richard O. Jr., Carter Doyle David Darold McKay M. in conthe pictures as well the Associates; Editorial Editor; L.Knowles,Green, Florence Today's Pinnock, Gabbott, Jones D. Eleanor Hanks, Mabel M.Editors;Todd, Marlowe, MarionE. Grant, The Jay

on Keitii Associate beginning Director; Editor; section ference Editor; Era EraB. Youth Elaine Youth Montague, Art General The The Art Era Family Ralph Reynolds, of of Cannon, of

Artist. Price, F. Director; Staff YouthNorman Temple taken on were 490 page

Editors. S. Contributing Sidney Gardiner, G. B. Sperry. A. Harris, Nibley, Franklin Hugh Alma Durham, Homer April Conference during Square

S. Associate Business Jacobsen, F. General General Smith, Manager; G. Subscription Manager; Scott, Manager; Jr.,Florence Jr., Snarr, Verl Carlos A. Glen the of Perine, bishop Robert by

S. Representatives. Director; Advertising Evans, Smith, Thayer Glenn (California) Ward. Beach Laguna

is usually photograph cover Our Saints, Superintendent, Association Christ of Latterday published 1966, Men's Mutual of Jesus Church Mutual Improvement and General of The Young by the color, in full but reproduced subscripAssociations Christ All Subscription Latterday rights of in of Jesus reserved. of price, $3.00 a year, multiple advance; Church The

nature to price. unusual year, of the $2.50 the threeyear a year Improvementtions, 2 years, $5.75; 3 years, succeeding $8.25; each because Saints.added

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of this photograph taken with

of authorized 1918. October 2, 1917, July developed of the newly aid the

is for unsolicited Era responsible not for contributions. are and must The Improvement manuscripts Manuscripts paid on acceptance, but welcomes our lens, thought be acfish-eye we

sufficient return. for delivery postage and companied by picture enjoy readers would

recent for issue Address please days'notice a Thirty include address is required of the magazine. of address. change slip from a change, When white. in black andthis reproduced

old unless the well as as cannot changes the address be neworderingone is included. made

466 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

FOUR GREAT BOOKS

Suggested reading that will grace your LDS home library - start filling your shelves with wholesome and inspiring reading now.

Joseph Fielding Smith's Latest!

VOLUME V of ANSWERS TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS

A worthy addition to the four previous volumes in the series. a complete Volume V contains 01

listing 'ii alphabetically all the questions appendix answered in this and previous volumes.

Here's why you'll want Volume V ofAN SWERS

TO GOSPEL QUESTIONS, topics include:

Use of cola drinks and playing games of chance -A Adam is not the Father of Jesus Christ w WhatWas theis theApostleMeaningPaulofMarried?First Death?

Organic Evolution and the Age of Man

Why Do We Not Observe Good Friday?

5?2.V5

PERSONAL COMMUNICATION $2.95

.#&*(*&** by Neil J. Flinders

In a world that needs understanding more than any other quality, this book will explain and help you develop the ability to communicate more clearly and effectively with if:> '

PHS0M1 others.personalThisdevelopment.book is important to your

CflMMUNICATrON

THE LITTLE

WHO AMI? $5.95 THINGS $2.50

by A fain R. Dyer by Mirla Greenwood Thavne

Questions most often asked by individuals

.. I are I?"DID "WHO AM "WHERE is written the a a heart Here of book from Mormon IS FROM!"..."WHAT. COME MY

... little the things joys of mother understands who will give This volume DESTINY?"answers

violin seeds, flowers, children, small music, planting to these old questions age that perhave into crawling sheets, a with clean peace bed Heaven's plexed the since time. of beginning men

... in the these presence of death other and many

it Authoritative and welldocumented, heart. the things of explains the earthlife of existence meaning

from the concepts revealed from God in WRITE NOW FOR THESE BOOKS this dispensation.

Check books O Volume V of Answers to Gospel Questions wanted. rj PERSONAL COMMUNICATION

WHO AM I? THE LITTLE THINGS

I enclose a check to cover total cost $.This must include

y i/i% Sales Tax if you are a Utah resident ordering from Salt tteseretCOMPANY Book Lake store, or 4% Sales Tax if you are a California resident 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL ordering from Orange store. June 66 Era

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Address

City State Zip I am interested in opening an account with Deseret Book, please send details.

JUNE 1966 467

AMERICAN INCENTIVE

TO READ The Church Proudly Announces Moves WEST C. HAMMOND On

To Introduce A.I.R. MARCH 1966

Reading Program in ff| Rialto (California) Stake was formed from parts of San

Bernardino Stake with Wayne A. Reeves, president of the

Rialto, are R. stake Higbee. the 415th and Eugene Joseph W. CookUTAHIDAHO parent stake, sustained as head of the new stake. His counselors

in the functioning Church, created was LeGrand now by Elder

Richards of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Franklin D.

Richards, assistant to the Twelve.

Shirley H. Bogh was sustained as president of San Bernardino

Stake with Donald L. Hansen and Morris C. Whitlock as counselors. Presidents Bogh and Hansen had been counselors to President Reeves.

Walter F. Ririe was sustained as president of Rexburg ( Idaho

Stake with Clyde L. Thomas and Warren R. Widdison as counselors.

President Ririe succeeds President Delbert G. Taylor, whom he

served as first counselor. J. Wendell Stucki was released as second

counselor.

The new annex of the Salt Lake Temple was opened for use

To help you (and your child) today.

"really"learn to read.

The appointment of Mrs. Patricia S. Ashton of Salt Lake City

Free reading test to the general board of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association was announced.

Free written evaluation L. Edward Perry was sustained as president of Portland West

Free test rating (Oregon) Stake with Ronald K. Tall and Bryant A. Alder as

Free personal consultation counselors. President Perry and Counselor Tall were serving as

counselors to retiring President C. Carlile Carlson.

Free personal examination of the A.I.R. program that teaches The Sound of Music received the first annual award as the

one to read in 10 weeks! best family movie of the year at a banquet in Provo, Utah,

sponsored by The Improvement Era, Deseret News, KSL Television

Yes, I want the free written evaluation and Radio, and Brigham Young University. President N. Eldon

by American Incentive to Read Tanner of the First Presidency presented a twofoot-high silver

Name trophy, topped by a figure representing high achievement, to Harry

K. Sokolov, Twentieth CenturyFox film executive, and Charmian

Address Carr, teenage star of the movie.

City State Zip APRIL 1966 Age of Child Child's present grade in school Captain Norman K. Bryner, Captain Arnold T. Ellsworth, and

Captain Claude D. Newby were three Latterday Saints among

the 52 chaplains recently graduated from the U. S. Army Chaplain

AMERICAN INCENTIVE School, Fort Hamilton, New York.

With President David O. McKay presiding and speaking

TO READ briefly, the 136th annual conference of the Church opened in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

A Controlled Phonics Program THE READING CLINIC Elder James A. Cullimore of Oklahoma City was sustained

4645 Holladay Blvd. this morning as an assistant to the Council of the Twelve. (See

Salt Lake City, Utah page 490.) (Continued on page 584)

Phone 2780912

468 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

3. THE YOU AND

1. FOR THOUGHTS 2. IN THE GOSPEL DESTINY THE OF

:.:. -: ONE HUNDRED NET INDIANS DAYS

Dr. by John A. Widtsoe L. Larsen by Dean

Richard L. Evans by

A moving story of Ely. Who is the Indian, and

Selected from "Thoufamily life in the Church what is your responsights for the Day"and and faith in the Gospel. bilty to him? Docu-

"The Spoken Word"Gospel. mented by the Book

as heard on radio. $2.25 i.SP of Mormon.

$1.00

WHEAT FOR MAN, WHY AND HOW 4. LDSCHILDRENS'SUMMER READING Written and compiled by

STORYBOOK Vernice G. Rosenvall, m compiled by Fern AND GIFT WHY ANPf MabelDora D.H.FlackMiller and Hunter

Delightful and instrucSUGGESTIONS HOW Newly revised and entive stories especially larged edition. Hundselected for LDS chilFROM reds of tested recipes

dren. developed expressly

for the use of stone- $3.00 BOOKCRAFT ground whole wheat

flour. $1.50

8. COMPREHEN-

6. PROPHETS, SIVE HISTORY

PRINCIPLES AND OF THE CHURCH NATIONAL byT3. H. Roberts

PRINCIPLES AND SURVIVAL I thru IV NATIONAL SURWAL compiled by Jerreld Volumes are now available L. Newquist

in Bookcraft's out- 7. THE TRAVEL GUIDE TO HISTORIC

the General Read what reduced standing AMERICA MORMON of Authorities the price edition.

Maps, photos and historical facts tracing said Church have about issues now facing our the Church's movement across America. A $4.50 per vol.

traveling to the East or Midif you're must

this nation. $4 95 west $1.95 summer.

9. BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE

Deluxe binder in black and dark blue with gold embossed Angel

Moroni, Oakland or St. George Temple. Also available in white,

light blue and brown without temple or Angel Moroni imprint. $5.50

10. OUR TEMPLE MARRIAGE BOOK

Lovely white cover with gold or silver embossed title. $7.00

11. OUR WEDDING BOOK

Attractive white cover with gold or silver embossed title. $7.00

12. LDS BABY BOOK

Handsome cover in pink, blue or white with gold or silver embossed title. $4.50

13. Handsome black vinyl zipper cover for Bible or Triple.

$1.75

BOOKCRAFT: 6-66

Please send the following circled books for which I have enclosed check orI ORDER money order in the amount of $

FROM YOUR 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8. (Vol.)..

10. (gold) (silver) NEAREST BOOKCRAFT 9. (color) (Imprint)

LDS BOOK 11. (gold) (silver) 12. (color) (gold) (silver)

DEALER OR 1186 South Main St. 13. (Bible) (Triple)

FROM Salt Lake City, Utah Name

BOOKCRAFT Address

City, State, Zip

(Residents of Utah add 314% sales tax)

JUNE!966 469

SUGGESTED MUSIC FOR MIA STAKE CONFERENCES

The Lord Is a Mighty God 20 Let Us Oft Speak Kind Words To Each Other 25

The Morning Breaks.20

Let the Mountains Shout For Joy 25 Jesus Name of Wond'rous Love 25

Still, Still With Thee..:.25 1lniM

The Everlasting Arms.25

Sheep May Safely Graze 25 (BiM

Music Co THESE TIMES 327 Broadway Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Spanishspeaking neighbors. Until

As this goes to press the first LDS the passage of the National Defense stake is organized in South America Education Act by the U.S. Congress

at Sao Paulo, Brazil. Seven wards in 1958, the study of Portuguese

and one branch were created to throughout the United States was almost nonexistent. Portuguese

serve 3,000 members in the area. ranked with Chinese, Arabic, Russian, and Japanese among the

OEstados Unidos do Brasil, gener- "critical"languages in which shortally known in the English language age of American knowhow existed, as "Brazil,"is the largest nation of together with a number of less the South American continent. Inwell-known tongues.

ternational diplomacy became Brazil became Portuguese rather aware of this fact in the days of than Spanish by decision of Pope the League of Nations. As the Alexander VI, May 4, 1493, modilargest state in size and in populafied by Spanish and Portuguese

tion among all Latin American commissioners. Its status as colony

states, Brazil contended for a place changed in March 1808, when the natureMother put th the as a permanent member of the Emperor Dom Joao established his minerals,vitamins, energy producing nutrients Council of that organization. She throne in Rio de Janeiro to escape

into of grain every wheat.

for are there to use resigned in 1926 when that place invasion from Napoleon's army inThey you

Lisenjoy. to you haveand returned Lisbon. When Joao feelings her. Similar Dom denied a was

Mill FlourLEE can you Home left his son, but in 1821 bon Dom exist to the Security with respecteat better to health your way with every roll, loaf of bread Council of the United Nations, sucPedro, in Brazil. Brazil became inyou bake.

as Pedro nature's with throw dependent, away Why cessor the Dom Council of the organ to abounty? Get Lee Household 1822. in was sucHe the emperor, understand old League. Mill grind stoneFlour To and

for superbyour own flour II, flavor and comsensitive feelings and position of ceeded by his son, Dom Pedrowholesome nutritional vigor.plete Write personally from July reigned is Brazilians of who to understand more

pricesfor today. until 15, 1889, 23, 1840, November times. these the world in

ELECTRIC COMPACTHANDY fifty This years. American nearly fact important the most Perhaps AUTOMATIC

or for yourself. check a bloodless Send moneyJudge is its lanended with monarchy Brazil Portuguese about

Flour for Smith $1.50order 5 lb. Deaf on its the emperor it coup that deposed setting apart from guage, Flour lb. WisconsinMinnesota—freeor $1.00recipesfor5

using Whole Wheat Flour.

LEE ENGINEERING CO.

Dept. IE 6-66

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis.

470 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CLARENCE H. TINGEY

JOSEPH E. KJAR President

November 15, 1889. A republic Chairman

followed, led by a series of militaryMARK B. GARFF

VicePresident leaders. republic The today has GEORGE M. CANNON SeniorChairman L.D.S. Church Director states, district, a federal22 and Building Committee Attorney

several territories.

The area of Brazil is about 3,286,270 square miles, larger than the USA (3,022,387) if Alaska and

Hawaii are excluded. With Alaskaand Hawaii the USA is larger with Outstanding

3,628,150. Whereas the 1960 census shows 183,285,009 population record of safety,for the Brazilian the 1962 USA,

estimategovernment's 75,271,- was integrity and republic.000 for the great southern

The presence of the heavily wooded WOr"basin of the Amazon River, 1,465,- high earnings 637 square miles of it in Brazil, explains part of the population difon savingsference. The future of this huge

domain, with its network of navigable streams and potential riches, constitutes one of the earth's great T. WILLIAM HUGH B. BROWN

frontiers. COCKAYNEDirector DirectorFirst Presidency'

Brazil has thirteen sizable cities. UtahIdahoVice-President,Sugar Co. L.D.S. ChurchTwo of them rank among the

largest.world's The World FRANKLIN J. EMERSON L. HARDY AlMURDOCK VicePresident asmanac lists Sao Paulo the larger, Director

with 3,850,000 people, followed by Murdock Travel Bureau

Rio de Janeiro's 3,307,163.

Brazil is a world leader in the year record of growthproduction of livestock, coffee, casOUTSTANDING - 60 tor beans, oranges, cocoa, sugar, DFS has enjoyed 60 years of conservative operarubber, manganese, highgrade tion managed by forwardlooking men of integrity quartz crystals, industrial diacreating an outstanding record of growth and monds, chrome, beryllium, highservice.

grade iron, and gold.

LDS missionary activity in Brazil OUTSTANDING - Record of safety dates from 1929 as part of a South DFS has never failed to pay a dividend and on

American Mission under President time. Each account INSURED safe to $10,000 by

Reinhold Stoof. Formal establishment of a Brazilian mission came a permanent U.S. Government Agency.

9, PresidentFebruary 1935, when

S. for OUTSTANDING -EarningsRulon was called Howells

that purpose, with headquarters in DFS currently pays the high 4%% compounded

Sao Paulo. An edition of the Book semiannually, and your savings are ALWAYS

of Mormon in Portuguese appeared AVAILABLE WHEN NEEDED. Accounts of

in Brazil in 1940. At first, beginning any amount are welcome.

with President Stoof, missionary work was among Germanspeaking Brazilians. The shift in Portuguese

began systematically in 1938. Following World War II the missioncame to depend on Portuguese. DESERET

President David O. McKay visited Brazil in January 1954. InSeptember 1959 the Brazilian South FEDERAL

Mission was organized and sepaSAVINGS & LOAN ASSN rated from the Brazilian Mission.

The establishment of these separate 44SALTSOUTHLAKEMAINCITY 95 NO.PROVOUNIVERSITY

enterprises has produced fruitful and beneficial results. The full

consequences for such a large and nationdeveloping and for the in SAVEBY-MAIL are yet to be appreciatedworld these times. DFS pays the postage both ways. Write for

signature cards to open your account.

JUNE 196S 471

Wherever you live...

Letters andYou can save Reports

FROM MIDPACIFIC TO ATLANTIC

COAST: GOLD MEDALLIONS ways

On opposite sides of this broad country,

for seven individual Medallion award New 5% savings certificates young women are receiving the Gold work. awards in MIA

are available on savings of HonomakauIn Hawaii: Branch,Yvonne LeimomoHawaii Mission.Kaohu,

$500 or more (additional Yvonnea multitudehas hadof positionsopportunityin herto servebranch,in amounts in $100 increments). includingin the YWMIA,in bothasthea SundaycounselorSchoolpositionsand

Primary teacher, and four years as a seminary officer.

Also in Hawaii: Emylee Mae Belcher.

Utahn attending school at the Church

College of Hawaii. Emylee's home ward

is Union Fifth Ward, East Jordan Stake.

herself excelled in sports She has and tool to help Regular 4% passbook savings used as an effective them provide greater availability otherShe servedgirls becomeas sportsactivedirectorin the ofChurch.both

for your money. trackChurchteam,Collegeandwards,is wasvicepresidenton the collegeof

women's intramurals on campus.

In New Jersey: Marilyn Baldwin, BYU

student. Marilyn earned six awards in

Blackfoot, Idaho, and (he seventh in

Short Hills Ward, New Jersey Stake.

And: Rebecca Cotter, Short Hills

Ward, who earned three awards in a "home"Mutual program with her mother in Italy, as teacher was no where there Free checking accounts for to attend. At the 1964 her branch

she youth conference, Jersey Stake of example as an outstanding are available when you wasNewselected maintain a $300 minimum young LDS womanhood.

balance.

Typ* Open your account by mail or in person. Savings

certificates will be returned by registered, insured mail.

ZIONS Rebecca Cotter Emylee Belcher

FIRST NATIONAL Founded byBANKBrigham Young -1873

MEMBER FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

Nine Banks in the Salt Lake Valley

Send mail to: Number One Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah Yvonne Kaohu Marilyn Baldwin

472 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA EVEN AS THE FATHER BY MABEL JONES GABBOTT

"He that seeth me,"he said, "hath seen

The Father...."They recalled his healing hands

Gently touch unseeing eyes, his keen

Ear tune to sparrow's song; and on the sands

Of Galilee his sandaled feet pace mile

On mile, tirelessly; they knew the way

His eyes looked through a heart; they saw him smile.

"He that hath seen me..."they heard him say.

Thus day by day he taught them till each word

Had built a bridge of truth to know this Man

He knew, whom they remembered not; they heard, This patented

Believed, and so the miracle began..

Then Jesus prayed: "Our Father..."and men arose Hammond feature

With greater stature, dignity, and grace, can make an organ Aware of kinship with a Maker whose

Beloved Son could lift them to his place. in a church basement

sound like it's

in a cathedral

Hammond's patented reverberation unit brings living | THE to sound church's any THE PATTERN, THE PURPOSE SPOKEN music. It assures true, rich eforgan WORD - fects, helps overcome deficiencies any

in acoustics.

RICHARD L. EVANS els It'sandsothoseeffectivewitheventhe poorestbasementacoustichap-

cal values "come alive"with vibrant

In the highs and lows of life, the variability of it, unhappiness and sound. So think of the beauty it could

happiness, despair and hope, there is much to make us search ourselves, bring to your church.

our hearts, our plans, our purposes, and much to make us search the And it's so unique, it's patented.

meaning of it all. We read history; we see its cycles; we see men who Hammond Organs have many other

seemingly have done much to move the world, and men who scarcely superior features, too! Features that

seem to make a ripple on the surface. And sometimes we may wonder can save your church money such as

the tone wheel Hammond system which the see a little; pattern, the purpose.about understand a little; we We never needs tuning. All but eliminates insights, great great of have space, the immensity but the somewe cost. maintenance

is infinity of all there the purposes, thebroadsweeping wonder to know, reassuring, search yetof it all, are overwhelming, hope and as we and committee,If you aremakeon yoursure thatchurchyourorganappray—and learn and do and endure—and come to an awareness that all praisal of organs includes the Hammond

people have problems, discouragements, yet reasons for faith. Even the Organ, the choice of over 50,000 comSavior of mankind, the divine begotten Son of God, was little undermittees. Your dealer will be glad to

stood, seldom thanked, yet showed patience and compassion; and yet arrange a demonstration.

with all his divine power he submitted himself to die and redeemed us To help you select an organ, Hamfrom death. And in all our wondering and searching there is this assurmond offers an informative booklet,

ance: that the world wasn't begotten by chance, nor was life. There is "So Now You're on the Organ Comdealer Your can give you one for faith, forpurpose. truth reason decency, There is reason: and for mittee."free. in Or send the coupon below.

living obligations, for law, for living for keeping in goodness,meeting by

Co. Organ 1966 Hammond

the commandments; reason for faithfulness in family love and loyalty,

in all the everlasting relationships of life. And so, as Robert Louis HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY

Stevenson said, each "... day returns and brings us the petty round box CK66

of irritating concerns and duties. Help us to play the man, help us to 4200CHICAGO,W. DIVERSEYILLINOIS 60639AVENUE

perform.... Give us to go... on our business all this day, bring

us to our resting beds weary and content and undishonored, and grant us booklet,Please send"SomeNowfreeYou'rea copyonoftheyourOrgannew in the end the gift of sleep."Help us to be patient; to find hope, faith, Committee."

understanding; to know that there are deeper purposes than all the

scuffs and ripples of the surface. God bless all people with problems, Namewhich, indeed, is all of us. Address.

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Church Broadcasting System April 3, 1966. Copyright 1966.

City

State..Zip Code JUNE 1966 473

Think about the people who'll depend on them. You.

Your family. The other drivers on the road. That's what we AMERICAN Oil COMPANY

thought about when we developed our super tire. That's why we

insisted on a tire that rubs a wet pavement dry and then clings to it as if your very life depended on it. And

torturetested it at a screaming 120 mph so you could feel safer at 60. And built it with an inner strength to shrug off road (rin 32b ois i

bruises and sharp impacts, so you could feel better every time your FRED F NEMETH mm,m 2625 HOLIDAY DR OX-w* wife picks kids. the That's up our super tire why is the leader NEW ORLEANS LA line of tires. quality of our a constant And that reminder

"You expect more from American and you get it!"*

The American Oil Company, 1966

World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

Think about something besides tires next time you buy tires.

"fflnir

ml

v*V:.:

Our Super Tire THEAMOGOI20

Trademark "Atlas'ianr3i Conference Index

SPEAKERS

! Benson, Ezra Taft iiuEl mi MTflHII, Brockbank, Bernard P 545500 ilMl us Brown, 493 Hugh B'iJIiftlBI'

Victor Brown, 503 L Burton, Theodore M Christiansen, EIRay L 508510 Critchlow, William J., Jr 514

Cullimore, James A 547 Dunn, Paul H 542 Dyer, Alvin R 544 Evans, Richard L 532 Hanks, Marion D 552 Hinckley, Gordon B 530 Hunter, Howard W Kimball, Spencer Lee, Harold W 515523521 B Longden, John 511 McConkie, Bruce R 527 McKay, David 476, 477, 491, 554

Monson, Thomas S 519 Packer, Boyd K 550 Petersen, Mark E 507 Richards, Franklin D. 548

Richards, LeGrand 540 Romney, Marion G 535 517 Simpson,Sill, SterlingRobertW L

Smith, Eldred G 512 Smith, Joseph Fielding 499, 538

Sonne, Alma 526 Stapley, Delbert L 504 Tanner, N. Eldon 496, 538

Taylor, Henry D 529 Tuttle, A. Theodore 549

Vandenberg, John H. 533

SUBJECTS

Atheism 493 Bishops 503 Chastity 491 Church duties 554 CivilCommunismrights 493477 Constitution, U.S 535

Death 552 Duty 515, 556 Easter 530 Endurance 504, 512, 521 Faith 526, 530, 540, 550 Fear 515 503 Gateway to better living ForgivenessFour Gospels 527

Free agency 535 Genealogy 508 Godhead 514 while attending B. Y. U. Golden Rule 507

Holy Ghost 540 Home 491 Jesus Christ 476, 493, 527, 530, 545

Just $26 per month per student. (Summer rate) KnowledgeLove 507, 515, 532543

Loyalty 549, 556 Family apartments available for summer. MaturityMeaning of life 544546

Just one block West of the B.Y.U. campus. MissionariesMotivation 500, 540, 552515

Obedience 529, 533 University Villa was designed for student living. Prayer 539

Priesthood 538 Each Apartment fully airconditioned. ProcrastinationRepentance 499, 503523

Swimming Pool and Recreation Center. SecondResurrectioncoming 476, 493,499, 519,502, 545510

Service 538, 549 Sins 503, 521 Socialism 535 Temptations 491, 504 Testimony 551 Time 511 Tithing 517, 540, 552 521 Tribulation nSfersity United Order 504 of Lehi 496, 550 \u VisionWord of 535 Wisdom

World's Fair 500 Villa Worth 554

Youth 491, 530, 546, 554 NOTE: President Thorpe B. Isaacson of the

865 N. First Webi FirstIvins, PresidencyS. DilworthandYoung,Presidentsand AntoineMilton R.R.

Provo, Utah Phone 3739806 Hunternot addressof thetheFirstconference.Council of the Seventy did

JUNE 1966 47S THE EDITOR'S PAGE / BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Because of the importance of President doubtedly the key to the new morality J. Edgar Hoover, the national direcMcKay's priesthood meeting address, and is the widespread belief that a boy and tor of the Federal Bureau of Investigapermission,with his we present it as his established have what the tion, that the definite girl who statement makes

Editor's Page this month. calls college relationship a meaningful "in the youthful of these background

have the moral right to sleep together."offenders lies the story of shocking

It is a joy and a great privilege to The young people want to know neglect. Boys and girls are being

meet with this vast audience of priestwhat difference it makes if no one is deprived of the care and guidance hood members gathered in this historic getting hurt, but Dr. Peale says, "This necessary to the proper foundation of

Tabernacle, the Assembly Hall, and sounds fine in theory, but multiply this their characters. Their lawlessness had

more than four hundred other buildattitude by millions of eager experiits roots in every instance in broken ings throughout the United States and ments and what do you get? You homes, in homes where mothers and

Canada. I extend my affectionate get such statistics as these: 'Between fathers because of their neglect, misgreetings and blessings to each of you. the years 1940 and 1957 the illegitiunderstanding, or irresponsibility had

"I charge thee...", wrote Paul to macy rate increased: 112 percent in failed in their primary obligation.

Timothy, "before God, and the Lord the 1519 age group; 300 percent in the More often than not, God was unJesus Christ...; 2024 age group; 462 percent in the 25known, or, more important, was

"Preach the word; be instant in 29 age group; 478 percent in the 3034 unwelcome in their homes. On the

season, out of season; reprove, rebuke, age group; 456 percent in the 3539 age other hand, in nearly every instance

exhort with all longsuffering and docgroup; and 196 percent in the 4044 the youthful offender would have

trine."(2 Tim. 4:1-2.) age group. been a strong, upright citizen had he

In the same letter he prophetically "'Venereal disease among adolesbeen given a chance."

declared, "... that in the last days cents rose 130 percent between the The inspiration of God is seen in

perilous times shall come. years 1956 and 1961. The illegitimacy requiring the Latterday Saints to keep

"For men shall be lovers of their rate has tripled since 1953. By 1970, their homes intact and to teach their

own selves,... tenmillion Americans will have been children the principles of the gospel of

"... lovers of pleasures more than born out of wedlock. Forty percent of Jesus Christ. "And they shall also teach

lovers of God; the unwed mothers are between the their children to pray, and to walk

"Having a form of godliness, but ages of 15 and 19.'uprightly before the Lord."This comdenying the power thereof...."(2 "No one is getting hurt?"continues mand from the Lord, given to us in

Tim. 3:1-2, 4-5.) Dr. Peale. "What a laugh! What a the Doctrine and Covenants, section

It is in the spirit of Paul's charge hollow, tragic, gruesome laugh! And 68, verse 28, leaves no question as to

and prophecy that I call attention to the hurt is not confined to individuals; the responsibility of parents to teach

the rising crime wave that is sweeping it damages and degrades our nation their children—a responsibility too

over the country. Few will question throughout the world. From the beginfrequently shifted to the shoulders of

that we are living in perilous times ning of recorded history, men have the Church, public schools, and offiand that many people have lost their known that the sex drive had to be cers of the law.

moorings and are being "tossed to controlled if civilization was to replace I believe that parents in the Church and fro,... with every wind of docanarchy. Dr. J. D. Unwin, Historian generally are teaching their children

trine, by the sleight of men, and cunof the Cambridge University, made a the gospel, yet I am convinced that ning craftiness, whereby they lie in study of eighty civilizations ranging there is still much opportunity for wait to deceive."(Eph. 4:14.) over a period of fourthousand years improvement in this regard, especially

Crime is costing this nation twentyand concluded that a society either in light of presentday conditions. I

seven billion dollars a year and an chooses sexual promiscuity and decline, am grateful and pleased that so many annual toll of death, injury, suffering or sexual discipline and creative are responding to our program for the and anguish for thousands of Amerienergy. Writes Dr. Unwin: 'Any family home evening, in which parcans. human society is free to choose either ents gather their children around

Just recently Dr. Norman Vincent to display great energy, or to enjoy them and instruct them in truth and

Peale, in referring to the decline in sexual freedom; the evidence is that righteousness and in family love and

moral standards, said, "Most radical they cannot do both for more than one loyalty. A great number of families

social changes come slowly. But not generation.'"(Excerpt from Sin, Sex have testified to the rich blessings that

this time. It is almost as if the demonic and SelfControl by Dr. Norman Vinhave come to them from these family

5356.) evenings. Peale, cent home pp. 49, mistake, inpowers sex—and

I first If received where you of the increase cause important ask me One its beensex has demonic makeside—hadno

faith existence in the in our unwavering especially in delinquency, my has that in areleased sudden explosion blasted away the restraints and tradiyouth, is a letdown in home ideals. A of a God, I would answer you: in thetions of centuries. The spark that has growing desire for economic indepenhome of my childhood—when Father

set off this explosion is a twisted condence or a too eager willingness to and Mother invariably called their cept of freedom, a 'new freedom'that improve financial circumstances has children around them in the morning too often leaves its adherents in influenced a great many mothers to and at night and invoked God's chains."And then Dr. Peale gives a neglect the greatest of all responsibiliblessing upon the household and upon

in thatNewsweek report which states: "Unties—the rearing of a family. mankind. There was a sincerity

476 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ":....:..............:-. '".'....-..:...-. -.:,...''..

Statement concerning the position of the Church on Communism, made by President David O. McKay at the general

priesthood session of the 136th Annual Conference of the Church, held in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, Saturday, April 9, 1966, at 7:00 p.m., read by Robert R. McKay.

In order that there may be no misunderstandings by bishops, presidents, stake others regarding and of the members Church patriarch's left voice that good unan in to participating meetings nonchurch study and become in impression his souls dying the of

States, the the Constitution of informed United on Communism, children, Mother's prayers and were

I etc., I to the following statements that wish make have been

I impressive. ask that tonight equally office for out that time sending have from and some come my

it in father to every the see Church stake authorities, bishoprics, question others. some under by and

all sincerity his that impress in he at liberty perfect to are to act according members Church exisreality of the the children with in of of consciences the their matter our safeguarding own way reality that tence the of with and God life. course, are, to of highest encouraged the honor They

chilhis protect will guide and God freeto to their:: preserve gospel of the and standards work own

responsibility. dren. carry that You to free participate in are that meetings nonchurch doms. They

::'./; is of fundathe oneHome units—the to of of threat people or the are any held warn Communism

I society. Before heard mental unit—of free us will principle or that of deprive agency our other theory

testify a father that heard he hadmy liberties of the the Constitution vouchsafed individual or by

I voice, lived near that divine he knew States. United

I also to. his a Maker. through know,

. its all rights for the respect of of out members Church, The

to that Father nearness Eternal same loyalties, the political their to views must maintain and have father truth told since, the that my to of intention trying strictest neutrality. no possible have We his said that on he was he whenwhen freest fullest political exercise the of interfere the and with

mission in Scotland, in answer to franchise of our members under and within our Constitution, received followprayer, fervent the he;;,-. established of the wise declared hands he "by the Lord yyyy which

tones: in audible given ing admonition this raised purpose"very [he] 101:80) unto up (D&C men whom.yyy is a prophet "Testify that Smith Joseph thereof, principles Smith, to as the Prophet the Joseph and which,

is reality the living of the Such God.""established be prayed should Kirtland the Temple, dedicating

true of the Latterday of its does not yield any Saint's concepforever."109:54.) Church The (D&C

tion of the Father. God the safeguarding to or convictions American about devotion

of the since organization the Ever federal of under establishments government principles and the its their raised leaders haveChurch, civil rights of safeguarded the state constitutions and men and infidelity and thatvoices warning these. by

principal are immoralitysexual two of subject the of position on Church Communism The to andevils that threaten weaken it threat greatest satanical the consider changed. never to has thisWe

civilization. Unforpresent-daywreck of God's prosperity, the spread work and among peace, men to

tunately, the trends of modern life are that exists on the face of the earth.

disintegrating the very foundation of In this connection, we are continually being asked to give our the Christian home. Sexual laxity, inopinion concerning various patriotic groups or individuals who

temperance, and crime are its insidious are fighting Communism and speaking up for freedom. Our

and vicious enemies. immediate concern, however, is not with parties, groups, or perIn the Church there is but one sons, but with principles. We therefore commend and encourage

standard of morality. No young man every person and every group who is sincerely seeking to study

has any more right to sow his wild Constitutional principles and awaken a sleeping and apathetic oats in youth than has a young girl; people to the alarming conditions that are rapidly advancing

is that to the taught second onlyshe citizens all the land were throughout of our wish about us. We

life is that taking ofcrime human selfeducation in order organized of type in of participating some losing her virtue, and that should be that they could better appreciate what is happening and know also the ideal among young men. what they can do about it.

I know from experience that the Supporting the FBI, the police, the congressional committees world does not believe us when we tell investigating Communism, and various organizations that are them that that ideal is followed in the attempting to awaken the people through educational means

Church, but we know in our hearts it is a policy we warmly endorse for all our people. JH98HE

is true. That young man who comes to The entire concept and philosophy of Communism is diahis bishop and asks for a recommend metrically opposed to everything for which the Church stands

to take a pure girl to the altar is belief in. Deity, belief in. the dignity and eternal nature of man,

expected to give just the same purity and the application of the gospel to efforts for peace in the that he expects to receive. world. Communism is militantly atheistic and is committed to

No one can transgress the laws of the destruction of faith wherever it may be found.

chastity and find peace. That is the The Russian Commissar of Education wrote: "We must hate

message that we must give as parents Christians and Christianity. (Continued on page 580)

and priesthood members to the young men and women and all others throughout the Church. No matter

what the (Continued on page 554)

JUNE 1966 477 On a visit to the campus of a

large university, the writerTeachcollege for studentsoutstandingwho had recentmg was introduced to twelve

joined the Church. Each had

a fascinating story to relate on how he or she was brought to a knowledge of the divinity of the Church.Commit One young lady who had been

active in the institute of religion program for over a year and a half related how she enjoyed the teachings and the program of the VTIGn l Church but felt that it really did

BY DALE T. TINGEY. PH.D not apply in her. life. Two weeks

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES prior to this visit, a dedicated inAND INSTITUTES OF RELIGION structor had helped her realize that the gospel would have little value in her life until she committed herself, heart and soul, to make the teaching principles of the restored Church a

CONDUCTED CHURCH SCHOOLBY SYSTEMTHE part of her daily living. She said

that once she was committed to doing what the Lord required for enversity found that "the students'other organization"by virtue of trance into his kingdom, her whole beliefs are secular in the sense that their membership in the Church.

life was immediately changed; her religious activities cannot comAn effective teacher got the point

doubts vanished; she received pete by comparison with the across to his students when he

strength to meet the problems that familycenteredness, the workcen- came to class wearing a large yeast faced her in joining the Church. teredness, and even the leisurepill on his lapel. When queried by

But most important, she received centeredness of their society."The the students as to the reason for the

a witness of the truthfulness of the researchers found little or no evipill, he replied, "Don't you know gospel. dence of "absolute conviction or that yeast is very good for the

It is this type of commitment that adherence"and ended by calling body?"The class agreed that yeast

is needed in the lives of youth if student belief "secular religion."was good for the body but emthey are to have the strength and (This Week Magazine, March 8, phatically retorted that it would

vitality to meet the challenge of 1964, page 6. ) This type of religious certainly do the body no good

service and leadership in the sterility places our young people in hanging on the lapel. The teacher

Church. Only when they commit a position stated by Paul: "... was then able to point out how

themselves to standards, principles, tossed to and fro, and carried about many wear their religion on the and commandments do these facets with every wind and doctrine, by outside with little or no personal of the Church and kingdom of God the sleight of men, and cunning benefit—with no appreciable change

on earth have value in their lives. craftiness, whereby they lie in wait in their lives for good.

Young people who are the most to deceive"(Eph. 4:14.) On one occasion the Savior made

unhappy are those who know corIf the Church is to continue to a succinct statement that should rect principles but live by a waverproduce an everincreasing numhave deep meaning in teaching. He

ing standard, depending on whom ber of committed leaders, dedicated said, "There is nothing from withthey associate with and the cirmissionaries, influential teachers, out a man, that entering into him cumstances in which they find and worthy parents, the youth of can defile him: but the things

themselves. A recent nationwide the Church must be brought to a which come out of him, those are

study of youth by a leading magaconviction and to a commitment to they that defile the man."(Mark

zine shows that a majority of the live the principles of the gospel. 7:15.) It is not what goes into a

nation's young people live accordThe teachers of youth in the person that makes him righteous ing to vascillating standards, reChurch must get the gospel "inbut that which comes out of him—

sulting in unhappiness, insecurity, side"their students and not have his thoughts, his words, and his anxiety, and aimlessness. them merely wear it as a badge or deeds. The great teacher Galileo

A values survey by Cornell Unifeel that they belong to just "ansaid, (Continued on page 556)

Testimony

BY CLAIR L.

WYATT and a Liberal Education Association with individuals in the academic atmoslearn the contents of the canon and obey its rules and phere of a university is a wonderful opportunity. There ordinances, you will gain salvation. To go into higher

are many challenges; if they are approached properly, education is secondary to gaining salvation, and to

they will be very rewarding. Besides the classroom become an intellectual may only cause you to lose

instruction, the student comes in contact with indiyour faith. St. Bonaventure was one who held this

viduals who represent many philosophies of life. The belief; he said, "Reason is not to be trusted too much.

academic freedom of the universities protects their Faith and mysticism are safer guides."1 In a discussion

right to speak out concerning their beliefs. Frequently with a fellow scientist from the East, I learned that he

monographs are published by the university presses had just recently attended a meeting where the group on a great variety of subjects. Campus groups meet to was discussing the question: "Why has not our rediscuss the great questions and problems of the time. ligion produced its proper share of intellectuals in

The scientist, the atheist, the skeptic, and the faithful America?"His answer to them was that in his own case

all express their theories. Sometimes these theories he had been taught all through his youth that the

challenge our cherished beliefs, and the way we react important thing was to gain salvation; the church

to them determines our own spiritual and intellectual could provide that; higher education is secondary and

growth. therefore not very important.

As members of The Church of Jesus Christ of LatterWe can conclude that in the Church of Jesus Christ day Saints we are very much interested in education; to develop our intelligence and to acquire knowledge

we believe in it. We have been taught that "the is a fundamental part of our religion. The Christian

glory of God is intelligence"(D&C 93:36) and that adventure is a great quest, a quest for truth and

it is also the glory of man. "It is impossible for a man knowledge. There is never a time when we can sit

to be saved in ignorance"(D&C 131:6), and "whatever back contentedly and say, "I know all that is required

principle of intelligence we attain unto in this life, it of me to gain exaltation in the kingdom of God,"for will rise with us in the resurrection. we have set our course upon a great neverending

"And if a person gains more knowledge and intelliquest. That is the great Christian adventure. Thomas

gence in this life through his diligence and obedience O'Dea stated that "to be an intellectual means to than another, he will have so much the advantage in be engaged in a Quest,"2 and he warned that if to be a the world to come."(D&C 130:1819.) We are further Christian means you have all truth in capsule form

instructed to "... seek ye diligently and teach one rather than accepting one's faith as a stimulus to a

another words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best Christian adventure, then you are hopelessly lost.

books words of wisdom; seek learning, even by study In our religion we do not try to sway people with

and also by faith."(D&C 88:118.) mysticism or ritual; we think it is wrong to believe

There are some religious groups in the world today blindly. Our services are simple, and our sermons tend

that have a canon or catechism; they teach that if you to appeal to the mind rather than to sway the emotion.

480 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The philosopher Clifford said, "Belief is desecrated This concept of a liberal education to doubt everywhen given to unproved and unquestioned statething appears to be in conflict with the concept of ments for the solace and private pleasure of the betestimony which is so important in our lives. One of

liever.... It is wrong, always, everywhere, and for my associates stated that he could not understand

everyone, to believe anything upon insufficient evihow an educated person could stand up and say he dence."3 We are all familiar with many people in knows that God lives and suggested that we should

history who devoted their lives to the wrong cause. apply the scientific approach to our beliefs.

Probably the bestknown example is that of Saul of Certainly we do not literally believe that education

Tarsus who held the coat of those who stoned Stephen, is uncertainty. Freshman and sophomore students in

the first Christian martyr. (Acts 7:5460; 8:1.) college are taught the basic laws of science and often

When we come under the influence of a university come to feel that everything is known and little is and the concept of a liberal education, we are taught left to discover. However, as advanced students they

that we must be willing to discard childhood notions go back and question even the most basic laws. It is

and outdated beliefs. A liberal education teaches that then the student learns that there are limits and

we should accept nothing as proven. In fact we are bounds to the operation of these laws and that to

told that "education is uncertainty,"and that "certainly apply them universally is treading upon dangerous cultivated people do not exhibit the same degree of ground. The advanced student learns the bounds of

cocksureness as do the ignorant,"and "the more certainty that apply to these laws, and his task is to a man learns the more he realizes how little he investigate those areas of doubt. We could say in

knows."4 This quest for truth is not without its risks, this context that the role of education is to define the

for we may even come to doubt our faith. Another limits of certainty. This implies that there are some

great intellectual, Blaise Pascal, said there are but areas of certainty in which a man can say, "I know."

three classes of persons: "... two kinds of people one All truth will stand up to the rigorous test of sciencan call reasonable; those who serve God with all their tific investigation whether it comes to us from an

heart because they know him, and those who seek experimental or a religious experience. How does a

him with all their heart because they do not know him. scientist gain confidence in a law or principle? What

But as for those who live without knowing him and is the scientific method?

without seeking him, they judge themselves so little At first a scientist gathers all the known facts about worthy of their own care, that they are not worthy of the subject. He classifies and sorts all these facts so

the care of others.... It is a great evil to be in doubt, that they can be better understood. Then a theory or

but it is at least an indispensable duty to seek when hypothesis is proposed that will explain these facts.

we are in such doubt; and thus the doubter who does Now, a hypothesis always predicts things; for example,

not seek is all together completely unhappy and comthe laws of motion stated by Newton predict that pletely wrong."5 bodies will react to forces in known ways. This theory

JUNE 1966 4B1 can be tested by finding out experimentally if the How about our confidence in the basic laws of things predicted are so. To accept a theory as law religion and the existence of God himself? Many

requires that many people over a long period of time people doubt we can apply the scientific method to perform experiments that confirm the theory. religious belief. You have probably heard it said that

Finally we become very confident that the theory is you cannot put God in a test tube. I am confident we

true, and we call it a law. It is important to realize that can and should apply this method of investigation to

this is not an easy thing to do. Often it takes years to our religious beliefs. It is a good method and is

develop the specialized equipment required to perresponsible for the many advances we enjoy in this form an experiment. Sometimes those performing the modern day.

experiment may even doubt the result or, because May I propose an experiment?

of incompetence, lack of knowledge or improper First, we will take the Book of Mormon and learn equipment, fail to verify a theory when others are all the facts about it. Let us sort and categorize all

successful. these facts so that we may better understand them.

It would not be possible for a single individual to What are some of these facts? The story of its origin,

test every law of science that his work requires him the many doctrines it teaches, the great nation of to accept as true. His life is not long enough, nor his people it tells of, and many other things. Now let us

facilities or knowledge great enough. So he must rely state a theory or hypothesis to explain these facts in

on competent authority. Rocket scientists use Newton's these words: "The Book of Mormon is true."This

laws of motion to compute the path of a rocket or the hypothesis, like any, predicts many things. As with

orbit of a satellite, yet how many of them have perEinstein's theory of relativity, some of the predictions formed experiments to verify the laws? Very few of cannot be tested directly; others can. If the Book of

them have, because they know other competent sciMormon is true, it is logical that we should find evientists have done this before them. dences of the great civilization it tells about; we

Often some of the things predicted by a theory should also gain great happiness by living its teachcannot be proved by any experiment we can conings, for it promises that the Holy Ghost will reveal ceive; for example, Einstein's theory of relativity its truthfulness as stated by Moroni. (Moroni 10:4.)

predicts strange things would happen if we were to And among other things, if the Book of Mormon is travel at the speed of light. It is not likely we will be true, God lives and answers prayers. Many of the

able to travel that fast, yet other things predicted by things that this theory predicts can be tested in the this theory have been verified and thus scientists have great laboratory of life; and although we cannot put

increasing confidence in the theory of relativity. God in a test tube, yet (Continued on page 557)

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOME

is an uninterrupted lesson. IN LOO

To avoid interruptions from the telephone, handle the call if it is important or an

emergency; otherwise, ask permission to return the call. If a

visitor comes, invite him to join with the family for the home evening. Radio

and television will, of course, be turned off. Pets, while sometimes

considered part of the family, can often be distracting and should not be present

if they would cause disturbance.

HOME

is making a success of the assignment each week. I II IN LuO

At the end of the lesson, make certain that each family member has a clearcut

understanding of what he is to do about the gospel truth you have been

learning together. In making assignments, be sure that the assignment set for

each family member is attainable by him and that he is enthusiastic

about trying to fulfill it. These assignments will vary with the age, experience, and

personality of each family member. Adults need the applications

as much as children do. Children whose parents work on the assignments

with them improve faster than those children whose parents

only "teach"them the lesson.

JUNE 1966 TheWard Record Examination Program

The purpose of the ward record examination proignored or set aside. In a somewhat similar manner,

gram is to help teach the Saints how to prepare the record examiners are not to set themselves up as acceptable family group records. Errors can be corcensors to enforce the letter of the genealogical rules

rected quickly on a local level before the records and standards, but they are to catch the spirit of the reach the Genealogical Society for processing. By examining program and learn to be teachers and

eliminating errors made by the compilers before sheets helpers, thus assisting the Saints in a true spirit of love are sent to the society, records can be processed so that correct and acceptable records will be comquickly and efficiently and temple ordinance work piled.

can be performed without delay. The ward record If the examiners will approach their assigned duties

examination program has already proved its value: with a prayerful spirit, full of love for their fellow

78 percent of the sheets sent in by the program are ward members and for the genealogical responsibilities accepted as accurate and complete, compared with placed on the Saints in the latter days, the program 22 percent acceptance of sheets that have not been of ward record examination will succeed and become so examined. The value of the program will increase one of the greatest aids to speeding temple ordinance

if bishops and high priests group leaders in all wards work that has been designed.

of the Church will plan, coordinate, and control this If the record examiners are occasionally invited into record examination work. the ward priesthood executive meetings to explain to

In genealogy, there is a need for all members to the priesthood leaders what the examining problems catch the "spirit"of the genealogical rules and are, the priesthood leaders can help solve these probstandards. lems with their quorum members. The high priests

If the examiners will teach correct procedures and group leader is officially responsible for the quality will diligently help members to want to do the things of the work of the record examiners and should teach required of them, the Saints will work untiringly to them to be teachers rather than censors.

produce acceptable records. Once the Saints know Ward record examiners should make themselves

and understand the rules and standards that are exavailable in weekly priesthood classes in MIA if pected of them, they will abide by them. requested by priesthood leaders to give special instrucPatience and tact on the part of the examiners, tion or training. They are not to teach the classes or

together with a true spirit of helpfulness, will insure monopolize the time but are to aid the teachers in any that the spirit rather than the letter pervades the way they can as requested by priesthood leaders.

records examining program. "... for the letter killeth, Pedigree Referral Service ( PRS ) registrations should

but the spirit giveth life."(2 Cor. 3:6.) The Apostle also pass through the record examination process bePaul did not intend to destroy the law in his writings fore being submitted to the Genealogical Society. In

to the Corinthian Saints. The laws of God cannot be such cases only one examiner need check the forms.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

PRS forms ready for examination should be turned in above will be the only information on a family group to the ward high priests group leader for checking record. Only where information is not obtainable

before being sent to the Genealogical Society. should it be omitted. However, since ward record

The Genealogical Instruction Manual was prepared examiners are responsible for checking for clerical to assist members of the Church in the preparation correctness only and are not to be judges of the of family group records to be submitted to the research quality of the Saints, the only instance in

Genealogical Society for processing. This manual is which ward record examiners should reject sheets

to be considered a guide, for if records are prepared because of lack of information is if the above requirein accordance with these rules and procedures, they ments are not met.

can clear through the processing procedure of the Also, sheets should be either typewritten or printed

Genealogical Society without delay. The society does or written legibly in black or blueblack ink. Blue ink

not reject sheets where only form errors are involved is not acceptable because it does not microfilm well.

that do not affect the actual identification of the indiOnly original sheets can be accepted. Carbon copies

vidual. Form errors, however, do slow down the or sheets duplicated by photo processes interfere with

processing and therefore result in delays in checking. processing procedures.

For this reason, family group records submitted for The examiners function as teachers and counselors processing should conform to the rules for recording as well as examiners. The Saints should be able to

that are contained in the instruction manual. It is the consult with them anytime, either in their homes, over

responsibility of the ward record examiners to enthe telephone, or at the ward. When examiners teach

courage and teach ward members to conform to these in a spirit of friendly cooperation, the Saints learn the standards. Where all entries on each family group required genealogical standards and rules for recordrecord have been accurately recorded according to ing information. By taking time and effort to make

the outlined rules, the sheet can be passed without necessary corrections, the Saints learn correct prodelay. Where the entries do not conform, the examincedures and are not likely to make mistakes on future

ers should use this opportunity to teach the standards records.

to the compilers and explain the advantages of adherWhen errors are discovered, the examiners attach ing to the standards in future work. notes to the sheets so that the compilers themselves

can make the corrections. Examiners must never alter

or mark the record sheets themselves. Sheets with

Checklist of MUST Items correction markings are acceptable. It is not necessary

Following is a checklist of items that must appear for compilers to prepare sheets over again after on family group records before they can be approved examination unless the number of errors or type of by the ward record examiners: errors is such that the sheets become illegible or

1. Identifying information for each individual listed difficult to interpret after correction.

a) Surname The responsibility for preparing acceptable records b ) Given name ( s is the obligation of the individual members of the c) Sex Church. The Church has provided guidelines for ac-

d) Date of birth (or christening) ceptability of records, but the Saints themselves are e ) Place of birth ( or christening responsible for following the established rules and 2. Reference Information standards. When stake, ward, and quorum leaders add

a) Source of information their influence and encouragement to the ward record b) Name and address of compiler examiners as teachers, this portion of the work will c ) Family representative flourish. A gentle word of explanation given to the

d) Relationship Saints will encourage them to cooperate in producing

There should be few sheets submitted in which just a record that will be "worthy of all acceptation"before the minimum amount of identifying information listed the Lord.

JUNE 1966 485 M f

I looked:; V'Supper;was. ready, W &0<pi$$n Jrie tible except Jor the JasVmihute things.

'.attfie k\lkyacf'''wt4bdhiir had resurrected from a crumbling1 school-

1 House. More and more li was becoming awageof my mother, not Is | had always consid-

> erecj her but as a woman, as a wrfe. perhaps it was because I /was'beginning to examine

>myf3wh potential in these areas,/ ", ''g V / $* k / i;t y v

The black, iron fingers of the ctoeki/ited to 4:15. I'removed my mother's apton

with its voluminous pockets crammed wtth.p iris, rubber bands, clippings, and a PTA notice

liati left lying a bout thfltMother usually rescued.—all theihings we

A| I went atoijg|he hall to the front door, I, checked.everything. It was in applepiei*

Order, f knew Mother would be pleased. Shf kepi her house "picked up."It was much

like tfte clock in the kitchen-/-old and polished af|d caredfor, butffrcient and practical.

'Someday my house would be the same way, attractive but comfortable, and it would be builtI around rr|y; hfsbahd as Mother'sls built around Daddy\?

I stobH at ih wide front door my great grandfather had hung, and watched my five- 'yearold brother, Walter, squatting at the far end of. the porch. He was stroking the

leathersof his#drake ang! waiting for Mother to come home. I was concerned for my

I brother.* I, was'12 when he was born, and I still remember, uneasily, how difficult it is to

have to move Qver. the sunlight cut across the porch and caught his coppery hair, falling;

in a njop across his forehead. He was so small and trusting and precious to me—but it

*; v; -:-, *'':''-./"/.'.v.'*'.'-. ".'',.-'. i fe:-Ov\'./J.

,,; fj,.,'--'**r *jp f j HrHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Which girl would be choose?. One wanted

/<? jy, the other to get away.

V

>:$X3

hadn't been that way in the beginning. What a. (of of -growing had occurred inside rhe In five years to Change my feelings so completely! *

"Here they come,"Walter shouted. "Jeannie, here*comes Mama!"He

streaked toward the car, his face shining in relief, and it dawned on me that

Walter had only halfbelieved Mama would come back. He scuttled around the

car like a beetle and climbed in, trying to touch her, but my father's anxious voice intervened. *;;--.

"Wait, Walter,"he said. "You'll hurt the baby."* i O

leaving Walter drew away, puzzled. I reached in and took the bundle,

Mother's arm free. My brother fled into them, and she held him tightly, Whispering in his ear. c..

After dinner I washed Walter and had, him put on clean pajamas. Then I

took him to Mother's room.fHe walked softly, on tiptoe, his bony little body

stiff. But when Mother opened her arms to him, he scampered across the room

to her in< oectfrd timet I laughect softly. Often in the two weeks just past, while]

Mother was in the hospital, I'd felt as though Walter were my little boy. Tonight,

it was the same way, and I fejf a warm flood of ipveMor fiim as I went down $6 tidy up the kitchen. -,i s /

-It 'Was February, but tjie air was soft as spring, (Continued on page 558)

JUHt 1066 James A. Cullimore, new

assistant to the Council of the Twelve, with his wife, Grace Gardner Cullimore.

To the right are son, Kelvyn Henry Cullimore, second counselor of Oklahoma Stake, and daughters Luella C. Payne,

wife of a bishop in Canada, and Nancy, a student at Brigham Young University.

Elder Cullimore, an Oklahoma City businessman, is a former member of the priesthood general church welfare committee.

James A.

Cullimore BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

RESEARCH EDITOR

The newest assistant to the Council of the Twelve, Elder Cullimore was born January 17, 1906, at Linwho was sustained at the general conference on don (near Pleasant Grove), Utah, a son of Albert

April 6, is James Alfred Cullimore, a dynamic leader Lorenzo and Luella Keetch Cullimore. His greatwho has spent his adult life as a businessman in the grandfather had been an English convert to the

mission areas of the Church. Wherever his business Church in 1837, in the time and the area that Wilford

life has taken him, his "Father's business"has also Woodruff had phenomenal success in missionary been an important part of his activity. endeavor. The family emigrated to the United States

For nearly thirty years the Cullimore home has been in 1850, and his greatgrandfather Cullimore worked in Oklahoma City. There he served as branch presias a stone mason in Philadelphia to obtain money to

dent for fourteen years, followed by nine years as come to Pleasant Grove the following year.

president of the West Oklahoma District. He was Elder Cullimore served as assistant scoutmaster at

sustained as the first president of Oklahoma Stake Lindon in 1924 before being called that December to

October 23, 1960, serving just two and a half months the California Mission, where he labored in southern before being called as president of the Central British California as a district president. Having never been

Mission on December 27, 1960. In January 1964 he able to return to San Diego and the many scenes of

was called to the priesthood welfare committee, and his mission as a young district president, he was oversince then, during the two quarters of the year that joyed to find that he was to be assigned to San Diego are designated stake welfare conferences, he has left Stake welfare conference for April 1617.

his home nearly every weekend to meet with the At Brigham Young University, where he was

Saints in their conferences throughout the Church. studentbody president, he courted Grace Gardner of

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Within days Elder Cullimore had leased a building in Oklahoma City and was on his way to opening his own furniture store. He had learned long ago that the

Lord works in very natural ways and circumstances:

if one plans well, he will succeed. The business was a

great success at once, and he felt the promise of an apostle of the Lord had much to do with it. iiiyb

Of the call to the Central British Mission in 1960, he says::: "In Oklahoma it was unusual for someone to be

called on a mission and to leave a business for three years. People still talk about it; we received a great

deal of favorable publicity. My call did much to

Spanish Fork, a daughter of Henry A. and Grace contribute to the image of the Church in Oklahoma.

Brockbank Gardner. "My wife is the best part of our And it made many strong business friends."

combination,"he says. "She is now the stake Relief General conference was to open Wednesday,

Society president in Oklahoma Stake."They were April 6, 1966. He had planned to miss the first day's

married in the Salt Lake Temple June 3, 1931, and sessions, but was to come by air on Friday for the traveled to New York City, where he had a scholarship weekend sessions. Tuesday afternoon, April 5, he

for graduate studies at the New York University received a longdistance telephone call that President

School of Retailing. McKay desired to see him immediately. There were

He began his long experience as a furniture buyer no planes out of Oklahoma City that afternoon, but in 1932 with Gimble Brothers, New York City, and that evening he flew to Denver, where he stayed later held the same position with Mandel Brothers of overnight. At five o'clock the next morning he was on

Chicago. After a period in Sioux City, Iowa, he be- a flight to Salt Lake City. There he heard President

came the buyer and home furnishings merchandise McKay say to him: "The Lord has revealed to me

manager for Browns in Oklahoma City in 1937. He that you are to be an assistant to the Council of the

entered business for himself in 1946. Twelve."

Always active in the Church, he served as TimpaTo hear such words! Only those who are called to

nogos Stake Sunday School superintendent while a such positions can understand his feelings at that

BYU student, as a district Sunday School board memmoment.

ber in New York, and as branch president at Sioux He was sustained by the general conference at the

City, before going to Oklahoma. morning session, April 6. President McKay set him

Over the years, unnumbered missionaries and apart April 8. His appointment brought to twelve the

servicemen found the Cullimore home always open to number of assistants serving. He is the twentysecond

them, a place where they could always find a wonderhigh priest called to serve in this capacity since ful meal and good, strengthening conversation. He assistants to the Twelve were first called at the April

told them how he, too, had longed for a home in the 1941 general conference.

stakes of Zion; but just as a stake was being organized The previous Sunday, Kelvyn Henry Cullimore,

in New York, he went to Chicago; and when a stake their son, had been sustained as a counselor in the

was considered there, his employment opportunities Oklahoma Stake presidency. Their older daughter,

took him elsewhere. A stake was finally organized in Luella, is the wife of Bishop H. Dale Payne of the

Oklahoma City with him as its first president, but he Calgary 3rd Ward, Calgary North Stake. Their

was soon to be called to be a mission president in younger daughter, Nancy, will be graduated from the British Isles. BYU this June.

During their early years in Oklahoma, the Culli- "We have lived away from Utah a long time,"states mores had wondered if they should return to the West Elder Cullimore, a giant of a man by spiritual and to rear their son and two daughters. World War II all other measurements. "But it has been a choice

prevented such a move. While touring the Central experience. It has been a challenge to all of us, all

States Mission after the war, Elder Joseph F. Merrill of the time, to live up to our standards."

of the Council of the Twelve heard the problem and The Improvement Era joins the Church in welcomcounseled: "This is where the Lord wants you. Teach ing Elder Cullimore to his new calling. The church

your children well and then send them to BYU to membership will truly be enriched and blessed as he school, and they will marry in the Church. Things will meets with them in their stake conferences and in his

work out well for you."other assignments.

JUNE 1966 489 O

Hi

"w ill

. '.-.

''':.'.,

'111, Ml'*

jy jfij.-.. a.: 'VISES'EtSSfir *

1 - 'p jM

136th Annual GENERAL

Address delivered Saturday Morning, April 9, 1966

The Reality of the Resurrection

President David 0. McKay

"... Ye seek Jesus of Nazareth, general conference of the Church. enlighten our minds to see, and touch

which was crucified: he is risen; he is I extend greetings and my blessings our hearts to feel more deeply than

not here: behold the place where they to you and to our vast audience of mere words can denote the significance

laid him."(Mark 16:6.) members and friends who are tuned in of this message.

by radio and television. It is a joy and Throughout Christendom we arc

My dear brethren and sisters, I com- a privilege to be associated with you in celebrating, this Eastertide, the greatmend to all the excellent sermon just this great latterday work. est event of all history—the literal

delivered by one of the Presiding As I stand before you to give you a resurrection of Jesus Christ. For over

Bishopric of the Church, Bishop Simpmessage regarding the resurrection of four thousand years, man had looked son. I am grateful and happy to meet our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, I pray into the grave and had seen only the

with you and worship with you this for the blessings of the Lord, that he end of life. Of all the millions who

morning in this historic building in a might uphold me, and that he may had entered therein, not one person

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONFERENCE -April 1966

had ever returned as a resurrected, imstupendous miracle of all time. In it Someday man's enlightenment may

mortal being. "There was in all stand revealed the omnipotence of God bring the momentous event of the

earth's area, not one empty grave. No and the immortality of man. resurrection out of the dusk of mystery

human heart believed; no human voice The resurrection is a miracle, howinto the broad day of understanding.

declared that there was such a grave ever, only in the sense that it is Just recently a scientist, in speaking a grave robbed by the power of a beyond man's comprehension and before a university audience, said,

Victor stronger than man's great enemy, understanding. To all who accept it as "Man has only begun the search. I

Death."fact, it is but a manifestation of a cannot stop being amazed and reverent

It was, therefore, a new and glorious uniform law of life. Because man does at the wonders of the Universe around

message that the angel gave to the not understand the law, he calls it a me. It is hard to imagine that this

women who fearfully and lovingly had miracle. There are many people who just happened without the intervention

approached the sepulcher in which reject the reality of the resurrection of of a power beyond man's comprehenJesus had been buried: "... Ye seek Jesus. They believe, or profess to besion. Anyone who denies the existence

Jesus of Nazareth, which was crucified: lieve, in the teachings of Christ, but of a power beyond man's specific

he is risen; he is not here: behold the do not believe in the virgin birth, nor knowledge, lacks the necessary humilplace where they laid him."(Mark in his literal resurrection from the ity and objectivity which is vital for

16:6.) grave; yet, this latter fact was the very good scientific work."(Dr. Elie A.

If a miracle is a supernatural event foundation of the early Christian Shneour, quoted in Church News, whose antecedent forces are beyond church. Even some of the religious March 12, 1966.)

man's finite wisdom, then the resurleaders of the present day are claiming Establish it as a fact that Christ did rection of Jesus Christ is the most that Jesus is dead. take up his body and appeared as a

JUNE 1966 491 glorified, resurrected being, and you fused and helpless. Not with timidity, nation."(Joseph Smith 2:25.)

answer the question of the ages: "If a not with feelings of doubt, gloom, and If Joseph Smith's testimony stood

man die, shall he live again?"(Job discouragement is a skeptical world alone, it would be, as Christ said of

14:14.) made to believe. Such wavering, his testimony when he spoke of himThat the literal resurrection of despairing minds as the apostles posself, of no avail; but Jesus had God's

Christ from the grave was a reality to sessed on the day of the crucifixion testimony and that of the apostles. And

the disciples who knew him intimately could never have stirred people to Joseph Smith had other witnesses is a certainty. In their minds there accept an unpopular belief and to die whose testimonies cannot be queswas absolutely no doubt. They were martyrs to the cause. tioned. Three witnesses corroborated

witnesses of the fact; they knew beWhat, then, was it that suddenly Joseph Smith's testimony, the truth of

cause their eyes beheld, their ears changed these disciples to confident, which was made known by the appearheard, their hands felt the corporeal fearless, heroic preachers of the gospel ance to them of the Angel Moroni.

presence of the risen Redeemer. of Jesus Christ? It was the revelation Confirming the irrefutable testimony

Peter, the chief apostle, on the occathat Christ had risen from the grave. of Christ's early apostles, The Church

sion when the eleven had met to "His promises had been kept, His Mesof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints choose one to take the place of Judas sianic mission fulfilled."proclaims the glorious vision of the

Iscariot, said, "Wherefore of these I urge all within the sound of my Prophet Joseph Smith:

men... must one be ordained to be a voice to consider carefully the testi- "And now, after the many testiwitness with us of his resurrection."monies of these eyewitnesses as remonies which have been given of him,

(Acts 1:21, 22.) corded in the New Testament, whose this is the testimony, last of all, which

It always interests me to study about honesty is not questioned even by we give of him: That he lives!

the class of men who surrounded the skeptical criticism. "For we saw him, even on the right

apostles at that time, from whom the That the spirit of man passes trihand of God; and we heard the voice

apostles chose this special witness. umphantly through the portals of bearing record that he is the Only

They were men who had been "witdeath into everlasting life is one of Begotten of the Father nesses"of the resurrection. Only such the glorious messages given by Christ, "That by him, and through him, and

a one was considered eligible and our Redeemer. To him this earthly of him, the worlds are and were creworthy to be chosen as one of the career is but a day and its closing but ated, and the inhabitants thereof are

Twelve Apostles. the setting of life's sun. Death, but a begotten sons and daughters unto

On another occasion Peter declared sleep, is followed by a glorious awakenGod."(D&C 76:2224.)

before their enemies, the very men who ing in the morning of an eternal In the light of such unimpeachable had put Jesus to death on the cross: realm. When Mary and Martha saw testimonies as given by the ancient

"Ye men of Israel, hear these words.... their brother only as a corpse in the apostles—testimonies dating from a

This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof dark and silent tomb, Christ saw him few years subsequent to the event itself still fact all being. This a living witnesses."(Acts 2:22, are 32.) of that the light marvelous mostwe he ex-—in

"... Lazarus of the in the in this pressed living value revelation of the two words: the age and significance Of

nearness and intimacy of the authors sleepeth...."(John 11:11.) Christ, it seems difficult indeed to

of the epistles, the author Beverly If everyone participating in Easter understand how men can still reject

Nichols writes: services knew that the crucified Christ him and can doubt the immortality of

"[They] were within hailing disactually rose on the third day—that man.

tance, historically, of Christ; at any after having greeted others and minAn unwavering faith in Christ is

rate, when their ideas, which they gled with others in the spirit world, the most important need of the world afterwards transmitted to paper, were his spirit did again reanimate his today. It is more than a mere feeling.

formed. The winds had hardly had pierced body, and after sojourning It is power that moves into action,

time to efface the sacred print of his among men for the space of forty and should be in human life the most steps in the sands over which He days, he ascended a glorified soul to basic of all motivating forces.

walked. The rain had hardly had his Father—what benign peace would It was in this sense that an eminent

time to wash away, with its callous come to souls now troubled with doubt doctor of medicine, who had but tears, the blood from the rotting wood and uncertainty! recently lost his mother in death,

of the deserted cross. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latadmonished his students to keep their

"Yet these men knew—I can't go on terday Saints stands with Peter, with faith. Said he, "Those of you who have

using the word 'believe,'which is far Paul, with James, and with all the discarded faith will live to regret it.

too vapid and colourless—that God other early apostles who accepted the There are times such as this when you

had descended to earth in the shape resurrection not only as being literally lose a loved one by death that science of a certain man, that this man had true, but as the consummation of is entirely inadequate. I commend you

met an obscene and clownish death, Christ's divine mission on earth. to think seriously about these matters.

and that the grotesque mode of his Eighteen hundred years after Jesus They give comfort and solace which dying had redeemed mankind from died upon the cross, the Prophet Joseph can be obtained in no other way. Many

sin. They knew, moreover, that He Smith declared that the risen Lord aphave discarded religion because it aphad risen from the dead on the third peared to him, saying: "... I saw two pears unscientific. I believe you will

day and ascended into heaven."Personages, whose brightness and glory find in the last analysis that Faith is

(Beverly Nichols, The Fool Hath defy all description, standing above me scientific."

Said [New York: Doubleday, 1936], in the air. One of them spake unto There is no cause to fear death; it

pp. 5657.) me, calling me by name and said, is but an incident in life. It is as

Nearness to the event gives increased pointing to the other This is My natural as birth. Why should we fear

value to the evidence given by the Beloved Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph it? Some fear it because they think

apostles. A deeper value of their Smith 2:17.) it is the end of life, and life often is

testimony lies in the fact that with Later, speaking of the reality of this the dearest thing we have. Eternal life

Jesus'death the apostles were stricken vision, he testifies as follows: "... I is man's greatest blessing.

with discouragement and gloom. For had seen a vision; I knew it, and I If only men would "do his will,"

two and onehalf years they had been knew that God knew it, and I could instead of looking hopelessly at the upheld and inspired by Christ's presnot deny it, neither dared I do it; at dark and gloomy tomb, they would

ence. But now he was gone. They least I knew that by so doing I would turn their eyes heavenward and know

were left alone, and they seemed conoffend God, and come under condemthat Christ is risen!

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No man can accept the resurrection perfect being who ever walked the our sorrowing hearts are assuaged by and be consistent in his belief without earth; the sublimest example of nobilthe hope and divine assurance exaccepting also the existence of a perity; godlike in nature; perfect in his pressed in the words: "He is not here;

sonal God. Through the resurrection love; our Redeemer; our Savior; the he is risen!"

Christ conquered death and became immaculate Son of our Eternal Father; With all my soul I know that death

an immortal soul. "My Lord and my the Light, the Life, the Way. is conquered by Jesus Christ, and beGod"(John 20:28) was not merely an As Christ lives after death, so shall cause our Redeemer lives, so shall we.

idle exclamation of Thomas when he all men, each taking that place in the I bear you witness that he does live.

beheld his risen Lord. Once we accept next world for which he is best fitted. I know it, and I hope you know that

Christ as divine, it is easy to visualize The message of the resurrection, divine truth.

his Father as being just as personal as therefore, is the most comforting, the May all mankind some day have he; for, said Jesus, "... he that hath most glorious ever given to man, for that faith, I pray in the name of Jesus

seen me hath seen the Father...."when death takes a loved one from us, Christ. Amen.

(John 14:9.)

of LatterChrist of Jesus Church The declares Saints all the to world Sunday Morning Session, April 10, 1966day that Christ is the Son of God, the

Redeemer of the world! No true follower is satisfied to accept him merely

as a great reformer, the ideal teacher, or even "He LivesAll Glory to His Name"of GalileeMan as the oneis—notperfectfiguratively,man. Thebut

B. Brownliterally—the Son of the living God. President Hugh

Belief in the resurrection connotes Of the First Presidency also the immortality of man. Jesus

passed through all the experiences of Many of the speakers during this with thee before the world was."

mortality just as you and I. He knew conference have referred to the celeAt another time he chidingly spoke

happiness, he experienced pain. He bration of Easter and the resurrection to his uncomprehending followers and

rejoiced as well as sorrowed with of the Lord. Yesterday the President said: "Doth this offend you?

others. He knew friendship. He exof the Church preached a powerful "What and if ye shall see the Son

perienced, also, the sadness that comes sermon on the fact of the resurrection of man ascend up where he was through traitors and false accusers. He of Christ. This morning we join with before?"(John 6:6162.)

died a mortal death even as you will. millions of people throughout the These and other proofs of Christ's

Since Christ lived after death, so shall world in celebrating Easter in compreexistence confirm our faith that all you, and so shall I, and so shall your memoration of this miraculous event. men had a spiritual existence before

all reof birth the souls mortal should and that is a time when wesoldier boy who gives his life on the This if the Obviously, are immortal. reaffirm faith and our and examine menbattlefield.

Jesus was the one perfect man who rededicate our lives to Christ's service. spirit had an existence before the body

ever lived. In rising from the dead, he His birth into mortality and the dewas created, that spirit is capable of

conquered death and is now Lord of tails of his death and resurrection are independent existence after the body dies. addifacts of history. In weak, earth.the how wellattested How utterly

story of Testament The fact that he came forth from tion to the New foolish wouldextremely is he who willfully reject Christ's way of life, these miraculous events, the scriptures, the tomb with spirit and body reunited especially in the light of the fact that both old and new, abound with inwas positively stated and demonstrated the appeared he predictions concerning his secrisen Lord spired by when to unhappileads rejection onlysuch "... said, apostles to his and coming. amazed ond to death! evenness, misery, and

spirit see; for a hath faith handle basis and of me, the our us examine Let resolve sincerely to apcan man No

as see bones, not flesh it is ye Bible and to in the me be found Holy of as teachings life the daily his inply

Jesus of Nazareth without sensing a and other sacred records and attempt have."(Luke 24:39.)

change in his whole being. The to evaluate and coordinate the anteThis gives divine assurance that we

phrase "born again"has a deeper sigmortal, the mortal, and the postmortal too, through his atoning sacrifice, shall nificance than what many people life of this transcendent personage. partake of the blessings of the resurattach to it. This changed feeling The Apostle John tells us that the rection. Hearken to his promise when

is indescribable, but it real. Word—which bemay

truly is has Savior—was withhe Godidentifiesin the asbeginthe he"Isaid,am the resurrection, and the life: the person whoHappy

sensed the uplifting, transforming ning. This is a precise and unamhe that believeth in me, though he

power that comes from this nearness biguous declaration, not only that he were dead, yet shall he live:

believeth liveth and whosoever but beginning, "And the with God in was living to the this kinshipto the Savior,

.. die. never."(John the in invested with me shall was that he himself I that know thankfulChrist. I am

that Christ is my Redeemer. powers and rank of godship and that 11:2526.)

the so loved again, "For dwelt God And the and world into came the he Christians throughout When begotten his only that gave of world, he Creator the was men. He among in their this faith coursing haveworld

veins, when they feel a loyalty in their 'all that is. Son, that whosoever believeth in him

hearts to the Resurrected Christ and to Jesus himself frequently referred to should not perish, but have everlastthe principles connoted thereby, manthe fact of his preexistence. For exing life."(John 3:16.)

kind will have taken the first great ample, he said, "For I came down from In these times of uncertainty, constep toward the perpetual peace for heaven, not to do mine own will, but flict, chaos, and confusion, where there which we daily are praying. Reject the will of him that sent me."(John is unprovoked aggression, attempted

him and the world will be filled with 6:38.) subjugation, and enslavement, when

hatred and drenched in blood by reAnd then in that greatest of all people are being denied their freedom curring wars. prayers, recorded in John 17:5, we find and their liberties, and especially

Members of the Church of Christ are the poignant plea: "And now, O when whole nations of men, including

under obligation to make the sinless Father, glorify thou me with thine some of the clergy, pride themselves

Son of Man their ideal. He is the one own self with the glory which I had on their atheism, deny the existence of

JUNE 1966 493 God, speak of Christ as a myth and of teachings, its doctrines, its definitions, image, so his image is indelibly religion as an opiate, when increasing and its revelations of an omnipotent, stamped upon the souls of men, and numbers of men are declaring that omnipresent, and omniscient God. The instinctively they know that they are

God is dead and others are asking fact that man was created in his the immortal sons of God, predestined whether he in fact ever lived—in times image confirms our faith that he is a to be free. This inborn conviction

like these we must reexamine and reliving and personal God. He is our accounts for the courageous and undisemphasize our faith in Jesus the Christ, Eternal Father, the God of Abraham, courageable resiliency of many persethe Son of God, and conform our lives Isaac, and Jacob, the Jehovah of the cuted people.

to his teachings and emulate his Old Testament, and the promised The challenge of evil leading matchless example. Messiah. inevitably to chaos, confusion, and

Indicative of the lack of faith, the We proclaim the preexistence and defeat tends to make the relevance of confused and muddled thinking, and divine nature of Jesus the Christ, the Christ's life and message more apthe dangerous teachings of some repurpose of his earth life, the reality of parent, the application of his divine ligious leaders, I quote from the Febhis resurrection and ascension, and the teachings more urgent, and eventual ruary 22, 1966, issue of Look magazine certainty of his second coming as etervictory beyond question.

(pp. 2529): nal and wellattested truths and As Paul said, the time would come

"Last September, the Protestant prophetic promises. They have illuwhen "every knee should bow...

Episcopal Bishop of California left on minating and inspiring significance for "And that every tongue should consabbatical for Cambridge University in our troubled world. They are our fess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the

England 'to find out what I really do heritage from the JudeoChristian glory of God the Father."(Phil.

believe.'... world, clarified and amplified by mod- 2:1011.)

"What he believes is hardly typical ern revelation. A comprehensive knowledge of

of a bishop. 'I've jettisoned the Trinity, They are relevant to our time. This prophecy (which is but history forethe Virgin Birth and the Incarnation,'is an age of conflict of ideology, a time told) and of history (which is often

he told Look in his Cambridge flat of ferment in technology, a period of prophecy fulfilled) confirms the fact recently.... startling and revolutionary progress in that God lives. From Genesis to

"The inquiry has inevitably led the science—an era when at last the means Revelation, the Bible contains the

Bishop to the enigma of Christ Himlie at hand to free mankind from the continuing story of God's dealings with self. He sees Him not as Jesus among ancient shackles of pain and hunger, his universal family, his begotten

the lilies in a stainedglass window, fear and war. But the true crisis of children.

but as a country carpenter turned our times lies at a deeper level. All Christ came to earth and glorified

itinerant preacher for three powerful this freedom and socalled elbowroom the Father, finished the work that was years.... only thrusts upon us with additional given him to do, and at the end asked

"Cambridge University, where [the] force the fundamental issues of our only that he be glorified with the

Bishop... is staying, is the womb of faith. Father with the glory that he had

with him before the world was. (John of the There must be a reaffirmation conproclaimed—and

17:3-5.) of the fatherhood concerning Its truths 'new theology.'...whatdemned—ashas beenthe

innovators, mainly Cambridge dons, God, the godhood of Christ, and the Christians everywhere should beare reacting to a society throttled by brotherhood of man truths for which lieve and be guided by the revelations secularism. Only ten percent of the the Savior lived and died. Brotherhood of God given through his prophets,

or eastern hemisphere whether on the attendEnglish church. and—love of God fellowmen—will

in peoples world. in the western The starts establish peace in old theology free and "'The... with the make men

divinity of Christ and tries to explain a world that is threatened with a the western world are they to whom how God became man. The new devastating and final war. he referred as "other sheep I have,

theology starts with the only indisputThe truculent and blasphemous atwhich are not of this fold: them also

I shall bring, they hear and must my to of the erase temptsable Christ Communists was fact—that man—and shall there voice; be one fold, and andtries to literature their to acted Christ from and through show how God

Him uniquely.'expunge all memory of him from the one shepherd."(John 10:16.)

We reaffirm our faith in the Bible hearts and minds of men must fail, The United States of America and as the word of God. We believe in its for as God made man in his own her allies have been forced to take up

arms in defense of liberty and freedom.

The scriptures, both ancient and modern, justify defending the liberties and freedom of ourselves and our weaker neighbors.

The fisheye lens The various presidents of the United captures the comStates, regardless of party, have depleteconference—heldworld of in territorialclared thatgainweor haveacquisitionno desirenor thefor

the Tabernacle subjugation of weaker nations. We

for all, for liberty stand freedom and since 1867.

of together the right with untrammeled selfdetermination—all in the interest

of permanent world peace.

The President of the United States recently restated and underlined this policy and disclaimed any intent on the part of the United States to gain empire, bases, or dominion. This is in

strict harmony with the word of God given to ancient prophets, some of whom were kings, generals, and leaders of Wearmies.concur in what was said by

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA one of them on the subject of freedom, your God will come with vengeance, as recorded in Alma 61:14: even God with a recompense; he will

"Therefore,... let us resist evil, and come and save you."(Isa. 35.4.)

whatsoever evil we cannot resist with In Malachi we read, "Behold, I will our words, yea, such as rebellions and send my messenger, and he shall predissensions, let us resist them with our pare the way before me: and the Lord,

swords, that we may retain our freewhom ye seek, shall suddenly come dom, that we may rejoice in... the to his temple...."(Mai. 3:1.)

cause of our Redeemer and our God."We find many references to his secThe gospel of Jesus Christ teaches ond coming in the New Testament.

the universality of God's concern for Near Bethany, at the time of the men and that obedience is a universal ascension of the Lord, a prediction was and fundamental law of progress, both made by the angel: "Ye men of Galtemporal and spiritual. The aristoclilee, why stand ye gazing up into

racy of righteousness is the only heaven? this same Jesus, which is taken

aristocracy that God recognizes. This up from you into heaven, shall so

leaves no room for selfrighteous excome in like manner as ye have seen pressions in words or actions of being him go into heaven."(Acts 1:11.)

"holier than thou."There is a real In Matthew 25:31 we read, "When

unity in the human race, and all men the Son of man shall come in his glory, have a right to equal consideration as and all the holy angels with him, then human beings, regardless of their race, shall he sit upon the throne of his creed, or color. Panoramic view of the Temple, glory...."

For any church, country, nation, or Ensign Peak, Utah State Capitol, Luke tells us that great events shall other group to believe that it is the Relief Society Building. At precede his coming: "Nation shall rise

is interested in peopleonly against nation, and kingdom against whom God right is site of planned Church of special thator merit because it has kingdom:

color, race, or belief, that they are inAdministration Building. "Men's hearts [shall fail] them for

herently superior and loved by God, fear, and for looking after those things without regard to the lives they live, which are coming on the earth: for

is not only a great and dangerous the powers of heaven shall be shaken.

fallacy but is a continuing barrier to "And then shall they see the Son peace. This is demoralizing, whether of man coming in a cloud with power

it is the exploded and presumptuous and great glory."(Luke 21:10, 2627.)

myth of an Aryan race of supermen or And the Apostle Paul tells us in disguised in more subtle forms. Let us Thessalonians 4:16, "For the Lord

steadfastly avoid such demoralizing know the same old satanic forces are himself shall descend from heaven arrogance. at work to destroy the peace and proswith a shout, with the voice of the

The most important problem facing perity of the human family. We canarchangel, and with the trump of God:

us in working out a longrange not have peace in the world until we and the dead in Christ shall rise program for peace is a tolerant and have tolerance and understanding. The first...."

sympathetic understanding between happiness we seek can only be found The Savior himself on many occaraces and creeds. As Thomas Bracken in righteousness, for wickedness never sions predicted his return to earth. In

wrote: was happiness. There is no legerMatthew 16:27 we read, "For the Son

demain method of getting blessings. of man shall come in the glory of his

"O God, that men would see a little We are reminded by one of the Father with his angels; and then he

clearer, prophets that if men die in their shall reward every man according to

Or judge less harshly where they canwickedness, they will be cast off as his works."

not see! to things that are spiritual and must After referring to the signs that

O God, that men would draw a little be brought to stand before God to be would precede his coming, he said, nearer judged of their works. If their works "And then shall appear the sign of the

To one another! They'd be nearer have been filthiness, they must be Son of man in heaven: and then shall

Thee, filthy, and if they be filthy, it must all the tribes of the earth mourn, and

And understood."be that they cannot dwell in the they shall see the Son of man coming

kingdom of God; there cannot be any in the clouds of heaven with power

("Not Understood. We Move Along unclean thing enter into that kingand great glory."(Matt. 24:30.)

Asunder,"Latterday Saint Hymns dom. (1 Ne. 15:3334.) We humbly, but without any equiv-

[1927], No. 352.) Having briefly considered then his ocation, add our own witness to the

preexistence, his mortal birth, his testimonies of the apostles and prophets

It is regrettable that very few people transcendent ministry, his crucifixion of old that God is not dead but is in the world are free from the idea and miraculous resurrection and ascengloriously alive, and that Jesus Christ that they and their people and race are sion, let us look to the future: is his not only did live, but that he still

superior. The people on this continent work finished or is he still active and lives, that he is a personal being, that

were instructed that they should not interested in the affairs of men? will he will triumphantly come again with

hiss nor spurn nor make game of any he appear again on this earth? his resurrected, glorified body still

remnant of the house of Israel, "for The scriptures are replete with prebearing the marks of the crucifixion.

behold, the Lord remembereth his dictions and warnings concerning this We humbly repeat what we often covenant unto them, and he will do event, but time will permit us to refer sing: "I know that my Redeemer lives!

unto them according to that which to but few of them. He lives, all glory to his name! He

he hath sworn."(3 Nephi 29:8.) Job said, "For I know that my relives, my Savior still the same; O sweet

'I gives: this sentence the joy shall stand liveth, know that he deemer and world wars two have fought We

lives!'"to which earth...."that Redeemer the to at the latter day engagements upon my other numerousand

secure freedom and selfdetermination (Job 19:25.) I testify in the name of Jesus Christ.

for ourselves and others, and yet we And Isaiah promises, "... behold, Amen.

JUNE 1366 495 Sunday Afternoon Session, April 10, 1966 lectually and morally, is rapid and not infrequently disastrous.

In order to help our students meet this trend, The Church of Jesus Christ

establishing institutes seminaries and //He Is Not Dead"of Latterday Saints has the policy of near every high university school and

President N. Eldon Tanner where there are sufficient of our stuOf the First Presidency dents to justify it. I would encourage

parents to have their children attend

President McKay, my beloved col- "For us Christians he is the Christ, schools where these facilities are availleagues, brothers and sisters, and all the Only Begotten Son of the Living able. These people who profess and

who are listening in, it is with a deep God, the Creator under God, of the promote the "God is dead"theory say feeling of humility that I stand before earth, the Redeemer of the world, our that it is oldfashioned to believe in you in this great conference today and Savior, the First Fruits of the ResurGod and warn that unless Christians participate with you as we comrection, which comes to all born into bring their faith into line with modern memorate the death and resurrection this earth, believer and unbeliever knowledge, Christian faith itself will of our Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ, alike, the only name under heaven be abandoned. Can you think of

the Son of the living God. given among men, whereby we must anything more abhorrent than to claim

The inspiring talks we have heard be saved."(J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Bethat we should seek to make God acand the lovely music to which we have hold the Lamb of God, p. viii.) ceptable to man rather than to try to

listened and the beautiful spirit that Today, while we in The Church of bring man back to God?

has pervaded this whole conference, I Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, toThe promise given by God to Israel am sure, have touched our hearts and gether with millions of others throughas found in Deuteronomy is worthy of helped us to appreciate the great sigout the world, believe in God the our very careful attention:

nificance and sacredness of this occaEternal Father and in his Son, Jesus "But if from thence thou shalt seek sion that we are commemorating Christ, and in the Holy Ghost, there the Lord thy God, thou shalt find him, today. The most important and most are those who are trying to convince if thou seek him with all thy heart and

significant of all events that have hapthe world that God is dead. Some with all thy soul.

pened in the history and life of manclaim to be Christians, yet atheists, "When thou art in tribulation, and kind are the birth, life, death, and and claim that God died in Christ. all these things are come upon thee,

resurrection of our Lord and Savior, This theory is not new, but it is even in the latter days, if thou turn to

Jesus Christ, the Only Begotten of more serious and probably worthy of the Lord thy God, and shalt be

God the Eternal Father. our attention because the argument is obedient unto his voice;

"For God so loved the world, that originating within Christendom and is "... he will not forsake thee."

he gave his only begotten Son, that being argued by intellectuals, theo- (Deut. 4:2931.)

whosoever believeth in him should not logians, teachers of the seminaries in When you read the prayer offered perish, but have everlasting life."universities, ministers, and bishops by Jesus Christ in the Garden of Geth-

(John 3:16.) who preach it from the pulpit and semane, as he left his three apostles,

The scriptures give us an accurate perpetrate it in books and magazines. "and he went a little further, and fell

and dramatic account of how Christ The seriousness of the claim that on his face, and prayed, saying, O my went about doing good, healing the God is dead is also emphasized by Father, if it be possible, let this cup sick, making the blind to see and the conditions in the colleges in America pass from me: nevertheless not as I

lame to walk; how he was persecuted, today. In Cornell.University's Value will, but as thou wilt"(Matt. 26:39),

tried, and sentenced to death; how he Study, the researchers found little or is there any doubt in your mind that

was betrayed; the agony he suffered no evidence of absolute conviction or he was talking to his Father, that he

before he was actually hanged on the adherence, and ended by calling knew God lived?

cross. Yet in spite of all persecution student belief "secular religion."Then as he reported to his Father

and suffering, he said as he was hanged In the Weekly Religious Review, we in that beautiful prayer recorded in on the cross: "Father, forgive them; read: "It is a serious theological matJohn 17: "These words spake Jesus,

for they know not what they do."ter, though not without its comical and lifted up his eyes to heaven, and

(Luke 23:34.) aspects, all of a sudden seminary prosaid, Father, the hour is come; glorify

And his last words before he died fessors are popping up in every counthy Son, that thy Son also may glorify were: "Father, into thy hands I comtry, it seems, saying: 'We simply must thee:

mend my spirit...."(Luke 23:46.) stop believing in God.'Faith, they say, "As thou hast given him power over

As the women, through their love, wagging their heads at their students, all flesh, that he should give eternal came seeking Jesus at the tomb, the is no longer possible."(Weekly Relife to as many as thou hast given him.

most glorious of all messages was given ligious Review, No. 266, November 19, "And this is life eternal, that they

to them by the angel who said: "He is 1965, p. 1.) might know thee the only true God,

not here: for he is risen, as he said."It is significant to note that many and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast

(Matt. 28:6.) of America's colleges were originally sent.

Then we have the irrefutable testifounded by religious groups for re- "I have glorified thee on the earth:

monies of Peter and John and the ligious purposes. During most of the I have finished the work which thou

other apostles and many others who nineteenth century they were centers gavest me to do.

saw him and talked to him after his of religious activity, but in this century "And now, O Father, glorify thou resurrection and were instructed by there has been a radical shift toward me with thine own self with the glory him, both in the Old World and on religious neutralism among academic which I had with thee before the this the American continent. leaders. Thus the student of tradiworld was."(John 17:1-5.)

I say to the world as the late Presitional faith may discover that his Can anyone believe in Christ, acdent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., said in his cherished convictions are ignored, discept his words, and doubt that God

closing words to a large group of busimissed, and silenced or questioned by lives, that he stands ready to hear ness leaders at a dinner given in his another standard of belief. Their deand answer prayers, and that he is

honor in New York City: cline in a secular environment, intelthe Father of Jesus Christ?

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Let us consider Joseph Smith's own find that very few have any form of One outstanding businessman, when words as he tells of his experience family prayer. It is appalling to find asked how he happened to become inwhen he went to God in prayer after how few people feel that they are terested in the Church, said to me

reading in James: "If any of you lack really praying to a living God or have personally: "When I knelt with those

wisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth any clear expectation of what the reboys and heard them pray, I knew to all men liberally, and upbraideth sult might be. In fact, if they believe that they knew to whom they were

not; and it shall be given him."(Jas. in God, they admit they believe in a speaking."He went on to say that as

1:5.) kind of God and in a kind of rehe became interested, he too began to

Joseph says: "At length I came to the ligiousness, but to actually talk to God pray to a living God and proved withconclusion that I must either remain in is foreign to them. out doubt the statement of Moroni

darkness and confusion, or else I must Many say: "Praying is listening to wherein he said:

do as James directs, that is, ask of God. music or responding to nature.""And when ye shall receive these

I at length came to the determination Others say: "I have my own kind of things, I would exhort you that ye

to ask of God, concluding that if he prayer."would ask God, the Eternal Father,

gave wisdom to them that lacked wisAnd still others say: "Prayer at its in the name of Christ, if these things

dom, and would give liberally, and best is just silence—seeking nothing, are not true; and if ye shall ask with

not upbraid, I might venture. expecting nothing."a sincere heart, with real intent, hav-

"So, in accordance with this, my The most difficult problem the mising faith in Christ, he will manifest determination to ask of God, I retired sionaries have is to get the people the truth of it unto you, by the power to the woods to make the attempt."whom they are trying to teach to kneel of the Holy Ghost."(Moro. 10:4.)

(Joseph Smith 2:1314.) down and actually pray with them. Nothing can bring a greater feeling

As a result of this earnest and sinThis attitude toward prayer is clearly of joy and peace and satisfaction and cere prayer, he had a visitation that pointed out in a report of a recent security to us than to know that God gave further evidence in this dispensasurvey of one of the outstanding centers is present and interested in us. This

tion of the reality of the Father and of religion in the United States. changes the outlook and the lives of

the Son. He records: "When the light All of the students here are preparing the people when they have discovered

rested upon me I saw two Personages, either for teaching or ministerial or rediscovered that prayer is a vital, whose brightness and glory defy all careers in religion. The survey showed vibrant link. Then their lives bedescription, standing above me in the that only 9 percent of them reported come meaningful, and the change is

air. One of them spake unto me, having any significant prayer life. evident to all.

calling me by name and said, pointThe others said "None"or "Almost As these people who now know ing to the other This is My Beloved none,"yet all said they were deeply through prayer that God lives try to

Son. Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) religious and cared to help others beexplain their attitude toward prayer

In spite of all these examples of the come so. before they met the missionaries, it

force of prayer, much doubt seems to If these cases are typical, one must brings us to one conclusion, and that exist in the world today; therefore, it come to the conclusion that the world is that men were deadened toward

is evident that somewhere along the has reached the point at which they God, and not that God is dead. Until

line the churches have lost touch with think of God, whatever God is, as a they are conscious of a living God to the twentieth century. Could this be kind of being who makes prayer meanwhom they can go, the gospel means

because they have lost touch with God ingless, or something to which one very little to them.

and have been led by blind guides? If cannot go for guidance, strength, and The issue, then, becomes quite clear;

so, there is good reason, as all seem to comfort. that it is not what kind of God man

agree, why the old forms must be These Mormon missionaries of can believe in, but what kind of man changed and for us to return to God. whom I spoke have had some very outdoes the living God reach. One able

To help us understand how prevastanding and encouraging experiences theologian makes this profound statelent this need is and how important with those who have learned to pray ment:

it is for all people individually to to a living God. They have seen hun- "It may be that the funeral that is

acknowledge and return to God, I dreds of thousands of them come alive now being held in some churches is should like to refer to one source of to reality. not for a God who had died, but for

evidence that might be helpful.

During the last decade, an average of about 10,000 young men have been acting fulltime in a religious peace corps throughout the world. They are

our Mormon missionaries. They spend Popular meeting

a good part of every day in person place of old acto person contact with all the quaintances is world's culture—the churched, the unSeagull Monument.

churched, the high and the low, the This year's weather, nonChristian. theChristian They and despite a few traditheir in people of "millionsmeet

tional conference settings, at makeshift in andhomes which time they discuss God and showers, allowed prayer. much betweenAs these missionaries kneel with session mingling.

their newfound friends in prayer and teach them to pray, they pour out their hearts to the Lord in all humility.

They find that prayer has become as meaningless to many people as the purpose of life has become meaningless. They find that few pray in any

satisfying or in any effective way. They

JUNE 1966 497 [before]... from the most ignorant,

both as to letters and intellect, to the most learned and eloquent, but never until then had I heard a man address his Maker as though He was present listening as a kind father would listen to the sorrows of a dutiful child. [He]

was at that time unlearned, but that prayer,... to my humble mind, partook of the learning and eloquence of

heaven. There was no ostentation,

no raising of the voice as by enthusiasm, but a plain conversational tone, as a man would address a present friend. It appeared to me as though,

in case the veil were taken away, I could see the Lord standing facing His humblest of all servants I had ever seen. Whether this was really the case

a God who was never alive, whom it from and why we are here and what I cannot say; but one thing I can say,

was blasphemy to worship, and is now our future might hold,, it is necessary it was the crowning, so to speak, of all folly to mourn. Before such a God that we be willing to admit the possithe prayers I ever heard."

one can pray himself to death—in bility that God does exist, that his This is a description of Joseph Smith

vain."absence is not his will, but our lack by Daniel Tyler, then in his teens,

For those who have been worshiping of will or our unwillingness to reach, on hearing Joseph, age 30, in Kirtland, an unknown God, or idols of some to listen, and to respond. Ohio. (The Juvenile Instructor, Vol.

kind or other, the crumbling of these All down through the ages the 27, pp. 127-8.)

gods or idols may be a good thing, prophets have borne testimony that Prophets, whether in ancient or providing the worshipers can see bethey have talked with God, that they modern times, prayed to a God who yond the idols. It may be that our have received instructions and been was alive. For them he is alive and

cultures in the twentieth century are led by him. This applies to prophets present. He acts, he moves, he inso sick and tired of false prophets that in varying conditions, in different forms, he intervenes. He transmits

many are not interested in or capable countries, and at different times, inknowledge and power. He is not just

of listening to true ones and, in fact, cluding our own. Also, hundreds of ultimate, he is intimate. He is a

not capable of acknowledging that thousands of individuals scattered person. He is a jealous God.

there ever were true prophets. Therethroughout the world today can and I should like to bear my personal

fore, they feel no relationship to God do bear testimony that their prayers testimony to everyone under the sound and no need of calling on him. This have been answered in many ways. of my voice today that I know as I

in itself is a most serious situation What a beautiful sight and experiknow I live that God lives, that he indeed. ence and what a great privilege and does hear and answer prayers. When

There surely can be no real comblessing it is for a family to kneel as members of the First Presidency and fort in what is called an atheistic redown together in family prayer and Council of the Twelve we meet in ligion. Imagine a religion in which talk to God, knowing that he is there, the temple and join in prayer, he who

one can only think of a God who is that he will hear and answer their is mouth actually speaks to the Lord, formless, faceless, and heartless, who prayers. The value of such a prayer expressing our gratitude, our concern,

makes no demands, who has no conand the influence it has on the indiasking for strength and wisdom and insequences, who takes no role in any of viduals who kneel in that prayer, from spiration. And I wish to bear

the real battles of life except (as some the father and mother to the youngest testimony that I have seen these kind of metaphysical Atlas) to provide child, cannot be measured. prayers answered many times.

the ground of battle. I remember so well as we knelt I know of no greater blessing that I

What can a man expect of God, in family prayer how Father used to enjoy than to know that I can go to or how can he expect God to reach talk to the Lord as one man would God the Eternal Father in humble him, if he is convinced that the only talk to another, how he expressed his prayer, knowing that he is there as a proof of God's reality is his total abgratitude for his blessings, and how he living, personal God. I appeal to all

sence or if he has a hundred reasons prayed for the welfare of his family, of you who have any doubt in your why divine revelation, if it came, and how he pled for wisdom and mind that you accept the words of would not be divine and not be knowledge and courage and strength Jesus Christ himself and of the revelation? for all of us to do the right. prophets of every dispensation who

In referring to these conditions in He who made us wants us to suchave said that God lives, that he is the world today, the eloquent Rabbi ceed and stands ready to answer the the Creator of mankind, in whose

Abraham Joshua Heschel says: call. As the Lord said, 'Ask, and it image we are made. Through ac-

"I speak as a person who is often shall be given you; seek, and ye shall cepting the gospel as given by Jesus

afraid and terribly alarmed lest God find; knock, and it shall be opened Christ and in going to God in all

has turned away from us in disgust unto you...."(Matt. 7:7.) humility, our prayers will be answered,

and even deprived us of the power to But as President McKay said at our success will be greater, our lives understand his word. Some of us are October conference, you must knock, will be happier; and through the resurlike patients in the state of final agony, you must ask, and you must seek. The rection of Jesus Christ we may go

who scream in delirium: The doctor question as to whom can the Lord forward confidently toward immortalis dead! The doctor is dead!"(Union reach may be answered in the followity and eternal lives into the presence

Theological Seminary Quarterly, Janing description given by a young man of God the Eternal Father.

uary 1966.) of a prayer offered by another man. May we all prepare ourselves for

In order for life to have a purpose, He said: these blessings, I pray in the name of

and for us to know where we came "I had heard men and women pray Jesus Christ. Amen.

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Wednesday Morning Session, April 6, 1966 of the truth."(2 Tim. 3:7.)

Have you ever tried to associate the outpouring of knowledge, the great discoveries and inventions during the past 136 years, with the restoration of the gospel? Do you not think there is

It is connection? not because we

intelligent fathers than The Signs of the Lord's Coming someare more our

President Joseph Fielding Smith that we have received this knowledge,

Of the First Presidency and President of the Council of the Twelve but because God has willed it so in our generation! Yet men take the

My dear brethren and sisters, I am should prophesy, old men should honor unto themselves and fail to recvery thankful to be here with you at dream dreams, and young men should ognize the hand of the Almighty in this, the 136th Annual General Consee visions. Wonders in heaven and in these things.

ference of The Church of Jesus Christ the earth would be seen, and there America was discovered because the of Latterday Saints, and I pray that 1 would be fire, blood, and pillars of Lord willed it. The gospel was reshall say something that will be for smoke. Eventually the sun is to be stored in America, rather than in some

the upbuilding of the kingdom of our turned into darkness and the moon as other land, because the Lord willed it.

Father and for the benefit of those who blood, and then shall come the great This is the land "shadowing with are listening. I would like to speak on and dreadful day of the Lord. Some wings"spoken of by Isaiah that today

"The Signs of the Lord's Coming,"and of these signs have been given; some is sending ambassadors by the sea to a

I pray that he will direct me in what are yet to come. The sun has not yet nation scattered and peeled, which

I say. been darkened. We are informed that at one time was terrible in the beginMany things have taken place durthis will be one of the last acts just ning. (Isa. 18:1-2.) Now that nation

ing the past one hundred and thirtypreceding the coming of the Lord. is being gathered, and once again they

six years to impress faithful members One wonders if we are not now seeshall be in favor with the Lord.

of the Church with the fact that the ing some of the signs in heaven—not Have we not had numerous rumors

coming of the Lord is near. The gosall, for undoubtedly some of them will of wars? Have we not had wars, such

pel has been restored. The Church be among the heavenly bodies; such wars as the world never saw before?

has been fully organized. The priestas the moon and the sun, the meteors Is there not today commotion among

hood has been conferred upon man. and comets, but in speaking of the the nations, and are not their rulers

The various dispensations from the beheavens, reference is made to that part troubled? Have not kingdoms been

ginning have been revealed and their which surrounds the earth and which overturned and great changes been keys and authorities given to the belongs to it. It is in the atmosphere made among nations? The whole

Church. Israel has been and is being where many of the signs are to be earth is in commotion. Earthquakes in

gathered to the land of Zion. The Jews given. Do we not see airships of vardivers places are reported every day.

are returning to Jerusalem. The gospel ious kinds traveling through the heav- I took the liberty to call Dr. Melvin

is being preached in all the world as ens daily? Have we not had signs in Cook and have him get for me some

a witness to every nation. Temples are the earth and through the earth with facts about how many earthquakes we

being built, and ordinance work for the the radio, railroad trains, automobiles, have now. He quotes from a recent

dead, as well as for the living, is persubmarines, and satellites, and in many book (Earthquakes and Earth Strucformed in them. The hearts of the chilother ways? There are yet to be great ture) by John H. Hodgson (who is

dren have turned to their fathers, and signs: the heavens are to be shaken, chief, Division of Seismology, Dominthe children are seeking after their the sign of the Son of Man is to be ion Observatory, Ottawa) the followdead. The covenants which the Lord given, and then shall the tribes of the ing: "The way the numbers [of

promised to make with Israel in the earth mourn. earthquakes] go up as the magnitude

latter days have been revealed, and Among the signs of the last days goes down makes it easy for us to thousands of gathered Israel have enwas an increase of learning. Daniel accept the estimate that, if all earthtered into them. Thus the work of the was commanded to "... shut up the quakes down to zero magnitude could

Lord is advancing, and all these things words, and seal the book [of his prophbe detected, the number would be beare signs of the near approach of our ecy], even to the time of the end: [and tween one and ten million each year."

Lord. in that day] many shall run to and Then he goes on to say that there are

Jesus said the Jews would be scatfro,"said he "and knowledge shall be about 2,000 earthquakes each year tered among all nations and Jerusalem increased."(Dan. 12:4.) Are not the with the magnitude between 5 and 6

would be trodden down by the Genpeople "running to and fro"today as and about 20,000 between 4 and 5;

tiles until the times of the Gentiles they never did before in the history of therefore it looks as if there are around were fulfilled. (Luke 21:24.) The the world? Go to the Bureau of Infor20,000 earthquakes a year that could

prophecy in Section 45, verses 2429, mation and ask there how many tourbe damaging if they occurred in popof the Doctrine and Covenants regardists visit Temple Square each year. ulated areas. The other signs given

ing the Jews was literally fulfilled. Make inquiry at the various national by the Lord have been seen or are at

Jerusalem, which was trodden down by parks, at the bus, railroad, and steamour doors. We know this to be the

the Gentiles, is no longer trodden ship companies; learn how many are case both from observation and from

down but is made the home for the running to Europe, Asia, and all parts the predictions of the prophets. EliJews. They are returning to Palestine, of the earth. jah, 130 years ago, told Joseph Smith

and by this we may know that the Are we not, most of us, running to that the great and dreadful day of the times of the Gentiles are near their and fro in our automobiles seeking Lord was near, "... even at the doors."

close. pleasure? Is not knowledge increased? (D&C 110:16.)

The words of the prophets are rapidWas there ever a time in the history Yet the old world goes on about its ly being fulfilled, but it is done on of the world when so much knowledge business paying very little heed to all such natural principles that most of us was poured out upon the people? But the Lord has said and to all the signs

fail to see it. Joel promised that the sad to say, the words of Paul are true and indications that have been given.

"...Lord would pour out his spirit upon—the people are "ever learning and Men harden their hearts and say

all flesh: the sons and daughters never able to come to the knowledge that Christ delayeth his coming until

JUNE 1966 499 the end of the earth."(D&C 45:26.) time by fire. Is not the condition habitants of the earth."(D&C 1:12They are "... eating and drinking, among the people today similar to that 13.)

marrying and giving in marriage..."in the days of Noah? Did the people "Verily, I say unto you, this generaacording to the customs of the world, believe and repent then? Can you tion, in which these things shall be

not of God, without one thought that make men, save with few exceptions, shown forth, shall not pass away until the end of wickedness is near. Pleasure believe today that there is any danall I have told you shall be fulfilled."

and the love of the world have capger? Do you believe the Lord when (Joseph Smith 1:34.)

tured the hearts of the people. There he said almost 135 years ago: "For I Shall we slumber on in utter oblivis no time for such people to worship am no respecter of persons, and will ion or indifference to all that the

the Lord or give heed to his warnings; that all men shall know that the day Lord has given us as warning? I say

so it will continue until the day of speedily cometh; the hour is not yet, unto you, "Watch therefore: for ye

destruction is upon them. but is nigh at hand, when peace shall know not what hour your Lord doth

At no time in the history of the be taken from the earth, and the devil come.

world has it been more necessary for shall have power over his own domin- "But know this, that if the good the children of men to repent. We ion."(D&C 1:35.) man of the house had known in what

boast of our advanced civilization, of "And behold, and lo, I come quickly watch the thief would come, he would the great knowledge and wisdom with to judgment, to convince all of their have watched, and would not have which we are possessed; but in and ungodly deeds which they have comsuffered his house to be broken up.

through it all, the love of God is formitted against me, as it is written of "Therefore be ye also ready: for in

gotten! The Lord, as well as Elijah, me in the volume of the book."(D&C such an hour as ye think not the Son

gave us warning, as did also Joseph 99:5.) of Man cometh."(Matt. 24:4244.)

Smith. The Lord said: "For behold, "Prepare ye, prepare ye for that May we heed this warning given by

verily, verily, I say unto you, the time which is to come, for the Lord is nigh; the Lord and get our houses in order

is soon at hand that I shall come in a "And the anger of the Lord is kinand be prepared for the coming of the cloud with power and great glory. dled, and his sword is bathed in Lord, I humbly pray in the name of

"And it shall be a great day at the heaven, and it shall fall upon the inJesus Christ our Redeemer. Amen.

time of my coming, for all nations shall tremble.

"But before that great day shall come, the sun shall be darkened, and the moon be turned into blood;

and the stars shall refuse their shining, and fall, and some shall destructions great Missionary Work—Our Way of Life the wicked."await (D&C

34:7-9.) Bernard P. Brockbank

of the dreadful great If the and day

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Elijah at nearLord were hand when came 130 years ago, we are just one Brothers and sisters, it is good to be love, and dedication of the missioncentury nearer it today. But some will in this historic Tabernacle in general aries. Many visitors left their comsay: "But no! Elijah, you are wrong! conference—to be here near the mounments.

Surely 130 years have passed, and are tain of the Lord's house in the tops A Catholic said: "There should be

we not better off today than ever beof the mountains. more young men like this called all

fore? Look at our discoveries, our The spires of the temple capped with over the world. This is the most ininventions, our knowledge, and our the Angel Moroni are one of the landstructive religious pavilion at the fair.

wisdom! Surely you made a mistake!"marks of the restoration of the Church I'm impressed with so many young

So many seem to think and say, and and gospel of Jesus Christ through men knowing the truth."

judging by their actions they are sure, heavenly messengers here on this earth. A Baptist said: "Words fail to dethat the world is bound to go on in its As you know, the facade of the Morscribe the beauty seen here. I wish

present condition for millions of years mon Pavilion at the New York World's every faith had as much conviction before the end will come. Talk to Fair was a replica of the front of the and such dedicated young people with

them; hear what they have to say Salt Lake Temple. Many visitors the ideals of the spirit. There is hope

these learned men of the world. "We commented on its beauty and religious for the future through your young

have had worse times,"they say. "You significance. It served as a beacon and people."

are wrong in thinking there are more a magnet to draw millions of people The Mormon Pavilion with its calamities now than in earlier times. to the pavilion. achievements is one of the greatest,

There are not more earthquakes, the We found after visiting with milmost farreaching missionary ventures earth has always been quaking, but lions of visitors at the Mormon Paof our time. We learned many lessons

now we have facilities for gathering vilion that many were sincerely seeking from the visitors at the pavilion; and

the news which our fathers did not for greater light and knowledge relaif the lessons are fully used, they will have. These are not signs of the tive to God's plan of life. Many wanted help to bring into reality one of the

times; things are not different from to know more about a living, personal great requests of our prophet, President

former times."And so the people reGod and about a living, personal Jesus David O. McKay. He requested that

fuse to heed the warnings the Lord so Christ. They seemed hungry and every member be a missionary and

kindly gives to them, and thus they anxious to hear the teachings of the that each member bring one or more fulfill the scriptures. Peter said such Savior as they were taught and lived persons into the Church each year.

sayings would be uttered, and he by him. They wanted to hear the docThe Lord said in modernday revelawarned the people. (2 Pet. 3:3-7.) In trines of the holy scriptures as given tion, "Behold, I sent you out to testify

this warning Peter calls attention to by the ancient prophets, apostles, and and warn the people, and it becometh the destruction of the world in the Jesus Christ. every man who hath been warned to

floodChrist—whichand says scoffersthat at wouldthe comingpostponeof wasThethemainmissionaries.exhibit atThethepriesthoodpavilion warnI havehis neighbor."asked hundreds(D&Cof88:81.)membersor deny—there shall come another and the Holy Ghost were manifest to if they would like to bring someone

cleansing of the earth, but the second tens of thousands through the spirit, into The Church of Jesus Christ of

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Latterday Saints, and each said, were made that time will not permit family program is one of our great "Yes"; but year aftei year passes, and to bring to our attention. missionary tools.

they do not accomplish their desire. We will show through visual aids We hope that many exhibits will

Only a very small percent of the Saints the First Vision and the restoration of be created to assist the Saints and the bring one or more converts into the the Church and the teachings and plan missionaries to teach and love their

Church each year. We have more than of life as given by the Savior. neighbors and friends into the Church.

one million possible members who The same film on eternal life that We hope that it will be possible to would like to help in reaching and was shown at the pavilion will be have similar portable exhibits that can teaching their friends, who would like used. I would like to quote a statebe attractively set up in the cultural

to bring someone into the Church each ment by Norman Vincent Peale rehalls and stake centers of the Church.

year.We are in the process of creating toldgardingthe thestoryfilm.of whereHe said,we came"The from,film Theydays, andwouldthe runmissionariesfor a weekand orSaintsten

and setting up similar exhibits to those why we are here, and where we are can bring their friends and neighbors.

used at the Mormon Pavilion in each going."He added, "The film motivated The World's Fair film on eternal life

of the church bureaus of information one to want to make the most of earth could also be shown as part of this where space is available. In the areas life, and the last two minutes of the exhibit.

such as Salt Lake City the local misfilm were the most touching, the most With sufficient bureaus and portable sionaries and the Saints will be able inspirational, and most revealing of units we should be able to have a half to bring their friends and neighbors to any two minutes of a film I have ever million Saints and missionaries parthe Salt Lake Temple Square Bureau seen in my entire life."ticipate. Can you picture a half million

of Information and there, with the He also said, "I don't know the Saints with the help of the Lord help of visual aids, teach them about name of the characteractor who was teaching their friends and neighbors the restoration of the gospel and bring the grandfather, but when he died and about the restoration of God's program their friends to a knowledge of the entered the eternal existence, bewilderthrough a prophet of God and teaching

Church of Jesus Christ. The exhibits ment and wonder were written on his them to see the plan of life as taught

will be built around the teachings and face. All of a sudden, he caught a by the Savior and not the plan that

doctrines as taught and exemplified by glimpse of his wife from whom he had has been changed and corrupted by the Savior. It has always been most been parted. She ran to him and men?

interesting to me to know that Jesus threw her arms around him. Then The religious unrest in the world

not only taught his plan of life and came his brothers, sisters, mother and today is causing the honest in heart to salvation, but he also set the example father, aunts, uncles, grandparents, seek and look for the living God. Many

and requested that we follow him. and all who were near and dear to him of our friends and neighbors are waitThis leaves little room for private on earth. Surrounded by those who ing to hear and know God's program

interpretation. loved him, the camera gave us a closefor man.

Missionary Saints through the help up of his face, whereon was written Fellow Saints, you who have a testiof the exhibits will be able to enradiant, exultant joy. I have never seen mony that God lives, that Jesus Christ

courage their friends and neighbors to such a character portrayal, nor such a lives, and that God's plan of life is turn to the Godinspired scriptures to beautiful scene. Out of this film, I essential for entrance into the kingdom

seek and find the true gospel through learned two things: (1) an entirely of heaven, you have a responsibility to

the recorded message that our Father new concept of the purpose of life and warn your neighbors. In my humble

in heaven has left here on the earth its connection with the eternities, and opinion the greatest potential missionfor us. (2) an entirely new concept of the ary power and force of this Church is

The exhibits will start with the importance of the family in connection vested in the Saints. May we follow

creation of man in the image and with the eternities."(Interview with our Prophet and teach our friends and

likeness of God. T. Bowring Woodbury and Norman neighbors, I pray in the name of Jesus

The ancient prophets will be shown Vincent Peale, May 20, 1964.) Our Christ. Amen.

as God and heavenly messengers appeared and directed them in the Lord's program.

The teachings and examples of Jesus

Christ will be shown through murals and various visual aids, such as Jesus Television cameras setting the example for proper water zoom in on the baptism, and all Christians will be General Authorities, encouraged to know and follow his transmitting their example. messages throughbuilt his ordained, and Jesus called, out North America. Apostles. around TwelveChurch

Through visual aids and the spoken WRUL radio word, we will encourage the people to beamed the adknow that apostles are an essential part dresses worldwide.

of Jesus Christ's Church.

The apostasy from the teachings of

Jesus Christ will be shown through visual aids. Men have changed the

concept of God and Jesus Christ. Some

have even gone so far as to say that

God is without body, parts, or passions.

Men changed the baptism of Jesus.

Men discontinued the Twelve Apostles.

The Melchizedek Priesthood was changed. Tithing was discontinued

among many. And many other changes

JUNE 1966 501 7:14), that he would flee into Egypt

(Hos. 11:1; Matt. 2:15), that he would

heal the sick, that his own people would reject him (Isa. 53:3), that he

would be betrayed by a friend and

sins take the of himself would upon The Second Coming sold for 30 pieces of silver, that he crucified sinthe world with and be

Sterling W. Sill ners (Mark 15:27; Isa. 53:3-12; Luke

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve 22:37), that his sides would be pierced

(John 19:37; Zech. 12:10), that he

My brothers and sisters, I appreciate also are swifter than the leopards, and would institute a universal resurrection, very much this privilege of having a are more fierce than the evening and that he would personally rise from part with you in this great general wolves: and their horsemen shall the dead the third day (Hos. 6:2; Luke

conference of the Church. As important spread themselves, and their horsemen 9:22).

ideas are held up before our minds, we shall come from afar; they shall fly as This same Bible also foretells that

are helped to follow more fully that the eagle that hasteth to eat."(Hab. he will come to the earth a second

divine instruction that "man shall not 1:8.) And Nahum gives a clear mental time, though in a different manner.

live by bread alone."(Matt. 4:4.) It is view of one of our night scenes when The first time he came as a man of

desirable at all times that we should he said: "... the chariots shall be sorrows who was acquainted with grief

live by the word of the Lord, but this with flaming torches in the day of his (Isa. 53:3), but the second time he will

applies particularly to us, as our age is preparation, and the fir trees shall be come as the mighty God (Isa. 9:6).

the most important and the most exterribly shaken. He came the first time as the Prince

citing that the world has ever known. "The chariots shall rage in the of Peace (Isa. 9:6). He will come the

Our forefathers lived on a flat stationstreets, they shall justle one against second time as King of kings and Lord ary earth and plowed their ground another in the broad ways: they shall of lords (Rev. 17:14). He came the

with a wooden stick. But we live on seem like torches, they shall run like first time to atone for our sins; he will

an earth of power steering, jet propulthe lightnings."(Nah. 2:3-4.) come the second time to judge those

sion, and atomic power, and we need The important world events all seem sinners who have not repented. The

personality and character qualities to to have been foretold. The people of Apostle Paul says, "... the Lord Jesus

match the times. Great events are now Noah's day were warned about the shall be revealed from heaven with his

taking place at breathtaking speed in flood, and God made known to Sodom mighty angels, fulfillment of the word of the Lord to and Gomorrah that their evil would "In flaming fire taking vengeance on

Daniel, twentyfive centuries ago. Condraw a rainstorm of fire and brimstone them that know not God, and that

cerning our day, he said, "But thou, O from heaven. Jesus warned Jerusalem obey not the gospel of our Lord Jesus

Daniel, shut up the words,... even of its impending doom and foretold his Christ."(2 Thess. 1:7-8.)

to the time of the end: many shall run own death. He announced the apostasy Malachi says, "... and the Lord,

to and fro, and knowledge shall be from God and foretold the dark ages whom ye seek, shall suddenly come to increased."(Dan. 12:4.) that would follow the Savior's rejechis temple....

Certainly the knowledge explosion tion. "But who may abide the day of his

of our day furnishes a literal fulfillBut one of the most important coming? and who shall stand when he

ment of this prophecy before our own events on the divine timetable of the appeareth?"(Mai. 3:1-2.) And we

eyes. It is interesting to remember that world's future is the glorious second might ask ourselves, who indeed?

George Washington rode to his inaucoming of Jesus Christ. This will According to the divine plan, our

guration in a chariot drawn by horses, probably be the most momentous earth has been allotted a mortal or but two thousand years earlier, Julius happening ever to take place in the temporal existence of seven thousand

Caesar had gone to his Roman capital history of the world. The most often years, patterned after the seven days of

in exactly the same way. Little or no mentioned event in the entire Bible is creation. The first four thousand years

change had taken place in all of that that wonderful, yet awful experience began with the fall of Adam and ended long period. When I was born, the that we will have when Jesus Christ at the birth of Christ. But 1966 more

Wright Brothers had not yet made shall come to judge our world. There years have come and gone since that

their famous maiden 60foot flight at are many important gospel doctrines time. Therefore, on the divine calendar

Kill Devil Hill. During the first part mentioned in the Bible only briefly, we are now living in the late Saturday

of our century we had no guided and some not at all. The new birth is evening of time. This glorious second

missiles, no space travel, no automomentioned in the Bible nine times; coming of Christ is scheduled to usher

biles, no radios, no television, no baptism is mentioned 52 times, repenin the earth's Sabbath of a thousand movies, and no atomic bombs. And tance is mentioned 89, but the second years, known to the prophets as the

most of the world's work was then still coming of Christ is mentioned over millennium. During this period Christ

being done by the muscle power of 1,500 times in the Old Testament and will reign personally upon the earth.

men and animals. However, the 300 times in the New Testament. However, before this can happen, the

ancient prophets have known a great If God thought this subject that wicked will be destroyed by fire and deal about our age of miracles for important, he must have wanted us to Satan will be bound. At Christ's commany centuries. - do something about it. The Holy ing a great number of very exciting

Moses was permitted to see the hisBible forecasts events before they things are going to take place. He is

tory of our earth from its beginning happen, and much of our history has not coming alone; as Paul says, he

to its end. (Moses 1:8.) Much of the actually been written down before it will come with his mighty angels.

writings of Isaiah concerns our own occurred. The Bible accurately pre- (See 2 Thess. 1:7-8.) At his coming

day, though he seemed a little bit dicted Christ's first coming in every a great many of the faithful dead will surprised when he looked out of his detail, hundreds of years in advance. be resurrected and caught up to meet

window into the future and exclaimed: It revealed that he would come from the Lord in the air. And some of the

"Who are these that fly as a cloud, the tribe of Judah (Mic. 5:2; John righteous who are then living upon

and as the doves to their windows?"7:42), that his birthplace would be the earth will be changed from mor-

(Isa. 60:8.) Foreseeing our day, the Bethlehem (Mic. 5:2; John 7:42), that tality to immortality in the twinkling

prophet Habakkuk said, "Their horses lie would be born of a virgin (Isa. of an eye to join that impressive com502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

pany in the air. Certainly this is someconcentrated fire on a nation and said: "And this gospel of the kingdom

thing to look forward to. (See 1 Thess. literally roast its population. War shall be preached in all the world for

4:1317.) doesn't solve a single human problem, a witness unto all nations; and then

At the time of Adam's fall, a curse and yet the one place where our genshall the end come."(Matt. 24:14.)

was placed upon the earth, and since eration excels most is in its ability to Angelic messengers with authority then it has existed in its fallen or make war. Modern war is undoubtedly from God have been sent to the earth

telestial state. For, nearly six thousand the most highly developed of all of in our day to restore the simple prinyears it has brought forth thorns, our sciences. Even a horrible kind of ciples and ordinances of the gospel

thistles, and noxious weeds, while destructive cold war now seems to have that fulfill this prophecy. The Church

crime, corruption, war, and sin have become a fixed part of our unfortunate of Jesus Christ has again been estabflourished upon its face. But at the way of life. But sinful, unstable man lished upon the earth, built upon its

second coming of Christ, the earth will now holds in his hands the ability to necessary foundation of apostles and be cleansed by fire. It will then be destroy everything upon the earth in prophets. (See Eph. 2:1920.)

renewed and receive its paradisiacal just a few hours. Our failure has been In obedience to God's command, the

glory as it is raised to the status of a that while we have perfected weapons, world has also been given three great terrestrial sphere. we have failed to perfect the men who volumes of new scripture outlining in

On the last Tuesday of the Lord's may be asked to use them. But still every detail the simple principles of

life, his disciples came to him and there is no letup in our evil. Like the the gospel of Christ. These modern

said, "... what shall be the sign of ancients, we can discern the face of scriptures add many additional prothy coming, and of the end of the the sky, but we. fail in reading the phetic statements to those of the Old

world?"(Matt. 24:3.) Jesus warned signs of the times. This has always and New Testaments, warning us to

them of the great wickedness that been one of the world's most serious make ourselves ready for this tremenwould exist upon the earth and the problems. dous event that is now at our doors.

deception of false teachers. He said, On the Mount of Olives the Lord May God help us so to do, I humbly

"... then shall many be offended, and also foretold another event that would pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

shall betray one another, and shall precede his glorious second coming. He Amen.

hate one another.

"And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold."

(Matt. 24:10, 12.)

At that time Jesus said some rather uncomplimentary things about us. He

said, "... as the days of Noe were,

so shall also the coming of the Son of man be."(Matt. 24:37.) Apparently Repentance—the Blessing of Hope

Noah's day was quite a day; some of

its chief characteristics were the Bishop Victor L. Brown

people's lack of preparation and their Of the Presiding Bishopric disbelief in God. As in our own day,

the antediluvians thought that the My dear brethren and sisters, I am made, many feel there is no redempheavens were sealed and that God grateful to be here today and to partion. Consequently, they continue to

would never again reveal himself. It ticipate in this great conference. I live in error. There are others who,

must have sounded a little bit ridicupray that what I shall say will in once having made a mistake, repent, guilt of the burden lifting and yet carry the in be helpful some way cloudlous to them when on a warm it lives, deep their burying throughout carried some.. burdens hyless flood heavy that a prophesied day Noah

would come and destroy their entire Someone has written: in their hearts, letting it tear at their

society if they did not repent, but we secret heartstrings until many times, are in a similar situation. And even MY NAME IS LEGION later in life, they find it impossible to

though the combined sins of Sodom, bear any longer. This often results in

Babylon, and ancient Rome all glare "Within my earthly temple, there's a serious psychological problems. They

at us from our own newspaper headcrowd; have failed to realize that the Lord,

lines, yet we are far from changing our There's one of us that's humble, one through the blessing of repentance, ways. Instead, many people of our day that's proud, does not expect this. He has said:

are contending for a type of behavior There's one that's brokenhearted for "Behold, he who has repented of his that condones alcoholism, immorality, his sins, sins, the same is forgiven, and I, the and a wide variety of deviations from There's one that unrepentant sits and Lord, remember them no more."(D&C

God's laws. grins; 58:42.)

As one of the signs that would preThere's one that loves his neighbor as The essence and purpose of the cede his coming, Jesus said that there himself, Savior's life was salvation—not conwould be wars and rumors of wars, And one that cares for naught but demnation. He died that we might

and an awful hate would exist among fame and pelf. live, opening the way to eternal life

people. He said, "For nation shall rise From much corroding care, I should and blessing us with the principles of

against nation, and kingdom against be free the gospel, the second of which is rekingdom: and there shall be famines, If I could once determine which is pentance. He recognized that none of

and pestilences, and earthquakes, in me."us is perfect nor free from sin.

divers places."(Matt. 24:7.) (By Edward Sanford Martin) Many times the principle of repenDr. Carl Joachim Hambro, late Within my earthly temple, there's a tance is not fully understood. It is the

president of the League of Nations, crowd. There's one of us that's humblessing of hope that offers each of us

said that in World War I alone, thirtyble—one that's proud. There's one forgiveness.

five million human beings died of that's brokenhearted for his sins. It is The first step in repentance is recogstarvation and epidemics. But that is these to whom I wish to address my nition and sorrow for the sin commitonly a drop in the bucket compared remarks today. ted. Of course, if we are brokenhearted

to the possible horror and mutilation It seems that one of the tragedies of for our sins, we have recognized them.

of presentday war. We can now drop sin is that once a mistake has been This sorrow is not simply remorse and

JUNE 1966 503 a fleeting twinge of conscience. The ought to be maintained by virtue of to place our trust in him and follow

sorrow I refer to has no mental reserthe priesthood, only by persuasion, by his guidance, because, after all, his vation, no feeling that perhaps our longsuffering, by gentleness and whole purpose is not to condemn us sins are not so gross or serious after all. meekness, and by love unfeigned; but to help us.

Paul said: "For godly sorrow work- "By kindness, and pure knowledge, May the Lord bless those who have

eth repentance to salvation...: but which shall greatly enlarge the soul transgressed, that they may understand

the sorrow of the world worketh without hypocrisy, and without guile his love for them and the blessings death."(2 Cor. 7:10.) This kind of "Reproving betimes with sharpness, that can be theirs through repentance,

sorrow means abandonment of the sin. when moved upon by the Holy Ghost; never forgetting that the Lord himself

This means complete cessation from and then showing forth afterwards an has said:

such actions from that point forward. increase of love toward him whom "Behold, he who has repented of his

Another vital step in repentance is thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee sins, the same is forgiven, and I, the confession. The Lord said, "... I, the to be his enemy...."(D&C 121:41Lord, remember them no more."

Lord, forgive sins unto those who con43.) (D&C 58:42.)

fess their sins before me and ask forAs already stated, the bishop is the My brothers and sisters, it is my giveness, who have not sinned unto spiritual counselor to his people. He is humble witness that God lives. I know

death."(D&C 64:7.) the one to whom we should confess it with all the fiber of my being. I

The Lord retains unto himself the our serious transgressions. He is not know that he loves us, and I know

right to judge the whole man. How- a harsh judge but rather he constantly that he has the same love for the sinever, in the ecclesiastical order of his asks himself, "What would the Savior's ner as for the Saint. May he bless us,

Church, he has appointed what are judgment be in this case?"If we are I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

known as common judges in Israel, truly repentant, we should be willing Christ. Amen.

more commonly known as bishops.

The bishop receives the confessions of the members of the Church when a serious sin has been committed, such as one involving the moral law. His

authority as a judge has to do with the retention of the individual's full fellowship in the Church. He has been

to forgive responsibility thegiven as The Vision of Lehi is confar as membership church cerned. The Lord is the only one who Delbert L. Stapley

can truly forgive. Of the Council of the Twelve

Each bishop recognizes his special role as a servant of the Lord in asMy brothers and sisters and friends, ecstasy declared it to be the most sisting him to accomplish his purpose. it is a privilege always to attend the sweet above all that he had before

He said: general conferences of the Church. tasted. When Lehi partook of the fruit,

"For behold, this is my work and my My message is taken from the Book he described it as filling his soul with glory—to bring to pass the immortalof Mormon account of the vision God exceeding joy, and he therefore desired

ity and eternal life of man."(Moses gave to the Prophet Lehi, who, with that his family should partake of the

1:39.) his family, lived in Jerusalem about fruit also, for he knew it was most

The bishop knows that the confes600 years before the birth of Christ. desirable above all other fruit. As he

sion received from a member of his This prophet was warned concerning cast his eyes about to discover his ward is a sacred trust. He does not the destruction of Jerusalem by invadfamily, he beheld a river of water that

divulge it to his wife or any other ing Babylonian armies. God therefore ran along near the tree. As he looked

person. A bishop who violates such a commanded Lehi to take his family toward the source of the stream, he saw

sacred confidence is, himself, guilty of and a small select group and to depart his wife, Sariah, and two of his sons, an offense before God, the Church, from the city. The Lord gave assurance Nephi and Sam. It seemed to Lehi

and the individual. that he would lead them to a promised that this part of his family were unWe sit today with several thousands land—the Americas as we know them certain as to the way they should go.

of these wonderful men who have been today. These families belonged to the Being anxious about the welfare of his

called and ordained by proper authorhouse of Israel, and Lehi was a defamily, he beckoned unto them to ity to this very special position of scendant of that Joseph who was sold come and partake of the fruit, which bishop. They come from all walks of into Egypt. invitation they willingly accepted.

life. They span many years in age. After their departure from Jerusalem Lehi had two other sons, both of

They are your neighbors and mine. and while in the Valley of Lemuel, whom were wayward. He was desirous

They have grown up with us. Some of near the border of the Red Sea, God that they also should come and parthem have grown up with our chilblessed the prophet with an inspiring take of the fruit. When he located

dren, and for these reasons and others, vision. (2 Ne. 8.) In this vision Lehi them, they refused his invitation.

we too often fail to recognize them beheld a dark and dreary wilderness. As the vision continued, Lehi beheld

for what they have become. At the He was led by a messenger from God, a rod of iron that extended along the

time of their ordination to bishop, a man clothed in a white robe. It bank of the river and led to the tree

they were given the authority to act as seemed to Lehi they were moving by which he stood. He also beheld a

a common judge within the boundaries deeper into the wilderness of darkness, straight and narrow path that paralof their wards. They were given the and he therefore earnestly petitioned leled close to the rod of iron and also

blessing of discernment, wisdom, and his God for mercy. Following his supled to the tree and continued on to

understanding. They were counseled plication the dream unfolded to his the head of the fountain unto a large

to be kind and thoughtful in their vision important and significant events. and spacious field, as if it were a world.

dealings with the membership. Lehi beheld a large and spacious field Lehi saw numberless concourses of

Each bishop understands fully the and a tree, the fruit of which was people, many of whom were pressing following scripture: desirable to make one happy. He went forward that they might obtain the

"No power or influence can or forth and partook of the fruit and in path that led to the tree laden with

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA desirable fruit. Some commenced in An angel of God appeared before other bitter."(2 Ne. 2:15.)

the path, but there arose a mist of Nephi and asked if he knew the meanNephi advises, "Wherefore, the darkness of exceeding intensity insoing of the tree which his father saw. wicked are rejected from the righteous,

much that they who had commenced Nephi answered in the affirmative, and also from that tree of life, whose in the path did lose their way and stating, "... it is the love of God, fruit is most precious and most desirwandered off and were lost. which sheddeth itself abroad in the able above all other fruits; yea, and it

In the vision Lehi beheld others hearts of the children of men; whereis the greatest of all the gifts of God."

pressing forward, and they caught hold fore, it is the most desirable above all (1 Ne. 15:36.)

of the rod of iron and continued things."And the angel added, "Yea, Nephi learned from the angel that

through the mists of darkness, clinging and the most joyous to the soul."the rod of iron seen by his father was

to the rod of iron, and moved along (1 Ne. 11:2223.) the word of God, which word, if acthe straight and narrow path until The tree of life was not unknown cepted and lived, will lead mankind

they reached the tree and partook of to the descendants of Lehi, part of to the tree of life and to the fountain its fruit. After partaking of the fruit whom are the Indian tribes of the of living waters, which waters are a

they cast their eyes about as if they Americas, for it is found in the pictorial representation of the love of God.

were ashamed. This caused Lehi to hieroglyphics that were carved upon Nephi beheld also that the tree of life

wonder, so he cast his eyes round rocks in regions of the past civilizations is a representation of the love of God.

about also and beheld on the other of Lehi's posterity. The tree of life is Man's duty, therefore, is to seek

side of the river a great and spacious not something new taught in our day, earnestly for the word of the Lord; and

building. It was filled with people, for there are many references to it in when he finds it, if he is sincere in

both old and young, both male and the scriptures. The significance of this his desires, he will enter into that

female, who were well dressed, and representation may not be understood straight and narrow path that will take they were in the attitude of mocking fully, except by few, yet it has real him to the tree of life where he can and were pointing fingers of scorn and important spiritual value. In the partake of the fruit thereof. Remaining

toward those who had partaken of the book of Revelation (2:7) we learn that true, he will not fall into the byways

fruit. These wavering souls had made "the tree of life... is in the midst of of wickedness and sin but continue on

considerable progress toward their goal, the paradise of God."In Genesis 2:9 to the eternal mansions prepared of

but they could not withstand the we are informed that a tree of life was God for the faithful and worthy of his scoffing of the multitudes and therefore placed by God in the midst of the children.

they fell away into forbidden paths Garden of Eden. Adam and Eve were The river of water spoken of in the

and were lost. privileged to partake of the fruit of vision represents filthiness. The mists

Lehi saw another concourse of this tree until they transgressed God's of darkness are the temptations of the people, and they did press their way law. Thereafter the fruit of the tree devil, which blind the eyes and harden

forward, continually holding fast to was denied them; if they had parthe hearts of the children of men and

the rod of iron until they reached the taken, they would have lived forever in lead them away into broad roads, tree and partook of its fruit. He saw their fallen state. Death was in the where they perish and become lost.

other multitudes feeling their way great plan of God, and the hope of The great and spacious building was toward that great and spacious buildman became centered in Jesus Christ, the pride of the world which fell and, ing. Many strayed and were drowned who gave his life on Calvary to redeem said the angel, "Thus shall be the

in the depths of the fountain, and and save man from the effects of the destruction of all nations, kindreds, others were lost from his view, wanderfall. tongues, and people, that shall fight

ing into strange roads. Great were the Alma, a Nephite prophet, quotes the against the twelve apostles of the

multitudes that entered the strange Christ as saying, "Come unto me and Lamb."(1 Ne. 11:36.) The building

building, and after doing so they ye shall partake of the fruit of the tree was filled with human beings—fools

pointed the finger of scorn and did of life...."(Al. 5:34.) and scoffers—who, with their ribaldry,

scoff at Lehi and the others who were John the Revelator, speaking of the succeeded in making apostates and partaking of the fruit. "... but,"said tree of life in the New Jerusalem that transgressors of some of those who had

Lehi, "we heeded them not."(1 Ne. is to come down from heaven, said: tasted of the fruit of the tree of life.

8:33.) So closed the vision of Lehi. "Blessed are they that do his comThe inmates of the building delighted

Now, having the details of the vision mandments, that they may have right in mocking and scoffing at those who in mind, let us consider the teachings to the tree of life, and may enter in desired to do right.

and the lessons of this unusual vision. through the gates into the city."(Rev. Inasmuch as Laman and Lemuel did

We learn that people must pray for 22:14.) not partake of the fruit of the tree of

light and truth to know the way to Lehi taught there must be an oppolife, Lehi feared lest they would be eternal life and happiness. Only by sition in all things. "... even the forcast off from the presence of the Lord

humility and prayer, with a heart open bidden fruit in opposition to the tree forever. As their father, he had great

to truth, can one escape the dominant of life; the one being sweet and the concern for their eternal welfare, and

influence that Satan is exerting so his love was manifest in his exhortastrongly and effectively today in all tion to them with all the feeling of a areas of the world to destroy the souls tender parent, that they would hearken of men. unto his words and not be cast off.

Nephi, the son of Lehi, although The parable of Jesus dealing with fully believing the words of his father the sower who went forth to sow regarding his vision, was nevertheless parallels in teaching the lessons given desirous that he might see and hear Lehi in the vision that I have deand know for himself of those things scribed. (Matt. 13:1-9.) The Savior,

witnessed by his father. He had faith after applying the parable of the sower

that the vision of his father could be to those whom he was teaching, inshown him by the gift and power of terpreted it to the understanding of his the Holy Ghost. Nephi was granted disciples by saying:

his wish after he, too, had humbly and "When any one heareth the word of diligently supplicated the Lord in the kingdom, and understandeth it not, prayer for this privilege. then cometh the wicked one, and

JUNE 1966 505 catcheth away that which was sown in and directions toward the tree of life. of values, and obscure their vision of

his heart. This is he which received The vision of Lehi blesses all of us the rod of iron, or the word of God,

seed by the wayside. with its understanding of God's purwhich alone leads to eternal life.

"But he that received the seed into poses for his children and the responThe great and spacious building, in the stony places, the same is he that sibility of parents to their families. addition to representing the pride and

heareth the word, and anon with joy The Church and its families are vain imaginations of men, stands for receiveth it; synonymous: one does not exist without the mockery and ridicule of the world.

"Yet hath he not root in himself, the other, and both serve each other, Our generation should be reminded but dureth for a while: for when and all belong to God the Father. that scoffers are far from the kingdom

tribulation or persecution ariseth beNow in closing I wish to summarize of God. Those who allow the ridicule

cause of the word, by and by he is the vision of Lehi with the following of men to make them embarrassed by offended. brief comments: the cause, the standards, or the obliga-

"He also that received seed among Dreams or visions are often used as tions that they have espoused as true the thorns is he that heareth the word; a teaching principle, unfolding the followers of Christ, and are turned

and the care of this world, and the secrets of heaven to the prepared mind thereby from the straight'and narrow deceitfulness of riches, choke the word, and prayerful heart. path of truth and righteousness, are

and he becometh unfruitful. The love of God suggests the good those who form the stony ground in

"But he that received seed into the and wholesome things of life. which the seed sown soon withers and

good ground is he that heareth the The tree of life is indicative of dies. Those who are drowned in the

word, and understandeth it; which also eternal life—or celestial life—life in depths of the fountain refer to those

beareth fruit, and bringeth forth, some the full enjoyment of God's love. who are engulfed in the quagmire of

an hundred fold, some sixty, some The fountain of living waters is evilmindedness, sin, and corruption;

thirty."(Matt. 13:1923.) representative of the love of God. All therefore, the wicked sink to destrucThe Apostle Paul declared that he spiritual graces and refreshment comtion in the river of filth, and the

was not ashamed of the gospel of municated by the Spirit are compared depths thereof are the depths of hell.

Christ, because, said he, "it is the to a fountain. We learn from JerePassing through the mist and clingpower of God unto salvation...."miah, "... they have forsaken the ing steadfastly to the iron rod, the

(Rom. 1:16.) Lord, the fountain of living waters."faithful pass triumphantly through the

No man, following the example and (Jer. 17:13.) temptations that beset man's mortal

dedication of the Christ, should beGod, then, is called the fountain of pilgrimage to the cherished goal of come ashamed or afraid of his true living waters. The Savior taught that eternal life with God.

Christian status and lack courage and those who drink of it shall never In man's search for happiness and strength, in the face of opposition or thirst. his climb to eternal joy, there can be

the taunting of men, to remain true, The numberless concourses of people no relaxation, no deviation from the firm, and steadfast to his conviction seen by Lehi in his vision represent straight and narrow path; nor can he

of what is right in the sight of God. the different races of men on earth. lose a firm hold upon the iron rod,

This life is a probationary state The river of water, which is reprewhich is the word of God. He must

wherein men and women are tried and sentative of the filthiness of sin, set aside the things of the world as he proven in the crucible of mortal wickedness, and contamination, sepatravels the path which leads to exaltaexistence. rates the wicked from the tree of life tion and glory in the kingdom of God.

The vision of Lehi and the parable and from the Saints of God and is a I bear witness to you, my brothers of the sower presented by the Christ prototype of the condition called hell. and sisters, to the truthfulness of these

suggest the weaknesses of men and the Notwithstanding the numerous inthings. I know the teachings of this

many avenues of personal indifference, stitutions of secular and theological vision are important to us and to all lack of faith, wickedness, and sin learning, the human family, by and the world. May God bless us that we

which, if left uncontrolled, will delarge, are groping in the mists, of moral may so live and set the type of example stroy their very souls and lead them and spiritual darkness. Sin and vice, that will incline the hearts of men and

down to the depths of hell. prideful exaltation of the human mind, women to the restored Church of our

Lehi's love and concern for the and the pursuit of harmful pleasures Lord, I humbly pray in the name of eternal welfare and happiness of his blur men's perception, dull their sense Jesus Christ. Amen.

family is applicable to all parents.

They too, feelingly, kindly, and in love, must give children the opportunity of good moral and spiritual teaching and training with righteous and ethical parental example in order Famed Tabernacle to create the desire and the strength Choir members, to love children's hearts theirwithin directed by Richard his to and keep serve himGod and P. Condie andcommandments.

The pitfalls of temptation and evil accompanied by today are many. These evils are dressed Alexander Schreiner,

up attractively and cunningly to desound their soulceive the very elect. Unless parents stirring tidings

and youth are grounded in the basics Easter morning.

of good behavior and the fundamental principles and standards of the gospel, which is the true Christian way of life, they can stumble and fall by the wayside and thus never reach the goal of eternal life.

The teachings of Lehi, his son

Nephi, the Apostle Paul, and Jesus, to which I have referred, are guidelines

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wednesday Afternoon Session, April 6, 1966 to those of his own day when he said:

"Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the children of God"?

(Matt. 5:9.) Can any others be the

children of God?

Christ is the Prince of Peace. But

his peace will not come unless we liveOtherwise, Of What Value Is Christianity?

his teachings.

Mark E. Petersen He is our Savior, but he cannot save

Of the Council of the Twelve us if we refuse to do what he says.

Christians of today must reassess the

We Latterday Saints bear testimony what reward have ye? do not even the depth of their allegiance to Christ. It

that Jesus Christ is the Savior of the publicans the same? does no good to honor him with our

world. He is the Redeemer and the "And if ye salute your brethren only, lips if our hearts are far from him.

Messiah. He is the divine Son of God what do ye more than others? do not If there is one thing more than

and the Creator of heaven and earth. even the publicans so?"(Matt. 5:43another that the Lord despises, it is

Amid persecution and great opposition 47.) hypocrisy. None in his day received

he fulfilled his mortal ministry and Again he said: "... if thou bring the condemnation that he heaped upon

brought about the atonement for all thy gift to the altar, and there rememthe hypocritical professors of piety who, mankind. When he died on the cross, berest that thy brother hath ought he said, "... make clean the outside

the heavens mourned, as did his against thee; of the cup and of the platter, but

disciples among the common people "Leave there thy gift before the within they are full of extortion and who believed in him. And yet, his altar, and go thy way; first be reconexcess"and "... are like unto whited

enemies rejoiced, feeling that in delivciled to thy brother, and then come sepulchres, which indeed appear beauering him to the Roman executioners, and offer thy gift."(Matt. 5:2324.) tiful outward, but are within full of

they had accomplished a great victory. He also taught: "... if ye forgive dead men's bones and of all uncleanBut Christ was the real victor. On men their trespasses, your heavenly ness."(Matt. 23:25, 27.)

the third day after his crucifixion he Father will also forgive you: The writer of the Proverbs said:

came forth from the tomb in a glorious "But if ye forgive not men their "These six things doth the Lord physical resurrection. The same body trespasses, neither will your Father hate: yea, seven are an abomination

that was crucified now arose, no more forgive your trespasses."(Matt. 6:14unto him:

to die, opening the door to a resurrec15.) "A proud look, a lying tongue, and

tion for us all. Continuing his outline for good hands that shed innocent blood,

But Christ means more than resurhuman relationships, he said, "Judge "An heart that deviseth wicked rection, more than our hopes for not, that ye be not judged. imaginations, feet that be swift in

immortality. He not only said, "I am "Why beholdest thou the mote that running to mischief,

the resurrection,..."but he also said, is in thy brother's eye, but considerest "A false witness that speaketh lies,

"I am... the life..."(John 11:25.) not the beam that is in thine own eye?"and he that soweth discord among

He spoke of a particular way of life, "... first cast out the beam out of brethren."(Prov. 6:1619.)

which he himself represented. It is a thine own eye; and then shalt thou see If there is anything basic to Chrisway to live, a way by which each of us clearly to cast out the mote out of thy tianity, it is honesty and sincerity.

may pattern our daily habits after his brother's eye."(Matt. 7:1, 3, 5.) It is also fair dealing and due regard

high principles. It is the perfect plan These and many similar teachings for one's fellowman.

for human relationships. It will do formed his program for goodwill It is doing to others as we ourselves

away with man's inhumanity to man, among men. It is the only foundation would be done by.

whether in our homes, in our neighborfor a lasting peace. It is compassion and mercy.

hoods, or in the world at large. As Christians we never yet have acIt is a willingness to aid the downIt was not his intention that we cepted the true meaning of his title, trodden, to care for the orphan and

merely have a mental acceptance of the Prince of Peace. the widow in their affliction, and to

him and then conduct our personal Then are we truly Christians? Do keep oneself unspotted from the sins

affairs to suit our own selfish purposes. we really follow him? Are we willing of the world.

His way of life provides that we shall to adopt his principles and live them? There is no true Christianity without

rearrange our habits and readjust our The peace of Christ is attainable in good feelings toward our fellowmen.

standards in harmony with his teachthe world. He does not command the Is it surprising then that the Beloved

ings. Otherwise, of what value is impossible. Apostle John taught: "If a man say,

Christianity? If it were not within the realm of I love God, and hateth his brother, he

He taught us to overcome our both possibility and reason to love our is a liar: for he that loveth not his

prejudices and enmities, for all human neighbors as ourselves, he would not brother whom he hath seen, how can difficulties can be overcome through have commanded it. he love God whom he hath not seen?

the application of Christlike love. If it were not possible to love our "And this commandment have we

One of the greatest of all Christian enemies, he would not have comfrom him, That he who loveth God principles is given by him in the Sermanded it. love his brother also."(1 John 4:20mon on the Mount. He said, "Ye have If it were not possible for us to turn 21.)

heard that it hath been said, Thou the other cheek, to go the extra mile, Thai is why the Savior said that the shalt love thy neighbour and hate to give our coat and our cloak also, he second great commandment is to love thine enemy. would not have commanded it. our neighbors as ourselves.

"But I say unto you, Love your If it were not possible for mankind That is why John said further: "He

enemies, bless them that curse you, do to reconcile their differences in the that loveth not knoweth not God; for

good to them that hate you, and pray spirit of brotherhood, mercy, and kindGod is love."(1 John 4:8.)

for them which despitefully use you, ness, he would not have commanded And that is why Paul's words were and persecute you: it. translated to read:

"That ye may be the children of Was he dealing in mere verbiage "Though I speak with the tongues your Father which is in heaven.... when he gave the Beatitudes? Was he of men and of angels, and have not

"For if ye love them which love you, talking to modern Christians as well as [love], I am become as sounding brass

JUNE 1966 507 or a tinkling cymbal. not. ing, deceit, and duplicity? Are we really

"And though I have the gift of "Then shall they also answer him Christian if we find no place in our prophecy, and understand all mysteries, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an lives for the Golden Rule?

and all knowledge; and though I have hungred, or athirst, or a stranger, or We "Christians"need to take anew

all faith, so that I could remove mounnaked, or sick, or in prison, and did look at true Christianity and ask ourtains, and have not [love], I am not minister unto thee? selves if we are willing to become

nothing. "Then shall he answer them, saying, genuine disciples of the Savior. True

"And though I bestow all my goods Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye disciples will follow him and will do to feed the poor, and though I give my did it not to one of the least of these, his will. Hereby may we know that

body to be burned, and have not ye did it not to me. we love him—if we keep his command-

[love], it profiteth me nothing."(1 "And these shall go away into everments.

Cor. 13:1-3.) lasting punishment: but the righteous Jesus is the Christ. He is the Son of

And that is why Jesus said: "... in into life eternal."(Matt. 25:3146.) God. He is the Savior of the world,

vain they do worship me"as he spoke True Christianity is all this world but he will not save us if we do not of those who give him lip service, but really needs. It is the remedy for all live the Golden Rule. He will not save

whose hearts are far from him. (Matt. our ills. It can cure all our troubles. us if we do not understand and live

15:9.) But it takes faith, and works, and much the law of charity. He will not save us

The Savior constantly emphasized of both. if we reject the second great commandthe "weightier matters"of the law, and It requires a new view of Christianity ment, "Thou shalt love thy neighbour

they were not the rituals nor an outon the part of all, and a greater wilas thyself."(Matt. 22:39.)

ward appearance of piety. lingness to accept it and to live it. It is my earnest hope and prayer that

They were the Christian acts that When we see the present widespread we as Latterday Saints, that we as characterized the Good Samaritan; disregard of the basic teachings of the Christians throughout the world, may

they were the expressions of what some Master, we begin to wonder just how really learn to know the Christ and have called the "milk of human kindmany Christians there really are in the know that the weightier matters of the ness."world. law are the matters that will really

Note his description of the Judgment Are we Christian if we are unfair to save us, and for this I earnestly pray

Day: our neighbors? Are we Christian if we in the sacred name of the Lord Jesus

"When the Son of man shall come are dishonest, or if we resort to schemChrist. Amen.

in his glory, and all the holy angels with him, then shall he sit upon the throne of his glory:

"And before him shall be gathered all nations: and he shall separate them

one from another, as a shepherd divideth his sheep from the goats:

"And he shall set the sheep on his A Modern Sacrifice right hand, but the goats on the left.

"Then shall the King say unto them Theodore M. Burton

on his right hand, Come, ye blessed of Assistant to the Council of the Twelve my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of Following the resurrection of Jesus, How profitably might we restudy the world: two followers of Jesus traveled along the scriptures to know the full meaning

"For I was an hungred, and ye gave the road to Emmaus discussing his of that sacrifice made by Jesus in reme meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me crucifixion. The resurrected Lord drew deeming us from death. Jesus died for

drink: I was a stranger, and ye took near and joined them, but since their all men, that all men might be made

me in: spiritual eyes were closed, they did not alive again as taught by Paul:

"Naked, and ye clothed me: I was recognize him. He walked along the "But now is Christ risen from the

sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, way with them, listening to what they dead, and become the first fruits of

and ye came unto me. said, then asked them to explain what them that slept.

"Then shall the righteous answer they were talking about. One of them "For since by man came death, by

him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee named Cleopas answered him, telling man came also the resurrection of the an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, him how Jesus of Nazareth had been dead.

and gave thee drink? taken by the chief priests and rulers "For as in Adam all die, even so

"When saw we thee a stranger, and and slain before their eyes. Cleopas in Christ shall all be made alive."

took thee in? or naked, and clothed said they had hoped that this great (1 Cor. 15:2022.)

thee? prophet might be the one to redeem By his death Jesus redeemed all men,

"Or when saw we thee sick, or in Israel. However, he had died three days women, and children born upon this

prison, and came unto thee? ago, though certain women had reearth, that in him they all would be

"And the King shall answer and say ported they had seen an angel who made alive again. Jesus, however, did

unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inastold them that Jesus was alive. This more than just redeem us from death

much as ye have done it unto one of they could not understand, and they and the grave. He came into the world

the least of these my brethren, ye have were sad and discouraged at what had not only to redeem mankind from done it unto me. happened. Then Jesus said to them: death, but to exalt all men and women

"Then shall he say also unto them "O fools, and slow of heart to bewho would make a covenant to accept on the left hand, Depart from me, ye lieve all that the prophets have him as their Savior and keep that cursed, into everlasting fire, prepared spoken: covenant to the. -very end of their lives.

for the devil and his angels: "Ought not Christ to have suffered This doctrine was to extend world-

"For I was an hungred, and ye gave these things, and to enter into his wide and be valid throughout all time me no meat; I was thirsty, and ye glory? as shown by the charge Jesus gave his

gave me no drink: "And beginning at Moses and all the ordained ministry:

"I was a stranger, and ye took me prophets, he expounded unto them in "Go ye therefore, and teach all nanot in: naked, and ye clothed me not: all the scriptures the things concerning tions, baptizing them in the name of

sick, and in prison, and ye visited me himself."(Luke 24:2527.) the Father, and of the Son, and of the

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Holy Ghost: defined charity as the pure love of importance that it cannot be wholly

"Teaching them to observe all things Christ which endureth forever. (Moro. entrusted to others to do for us. We

whatsoever I have commanded yow. 7:47.) cannot just hope that an aunt or an

and, lo, I am with you alway, even It was with this personal priesthood uncle or a cousin will do this work for unto the end of the world. Amen."responsibility in mind that in 1965 a the whole family. Relatives and friends

(Matt. 28:1920. Italics added.) program of compiling data for temple can help and assist us. All members of

This statement stretched the promise ordinance work for three generations in the family should help one another in even beyond the grave so that the each individual family was given to assembling this information and passordinance of baptism and every other the priesthood of The Church of Jesus ing it on to others. The responsibility

earthly ordinance necessary for exaltaChrist of Latterday Saints. This profor compiling a record for our own

tion could be performed by living gram has been continued into 1966 for family, however, rests with each one of persons authorized to do this work those who did not complete this work. us in our individual families. We each

vicariously for those that were dead. By following this program themselves, must have a record to show that this

That this practice was used by the the priesthood can lead the members of holy work has been done as completely early Christians is made clearly evident the whole Church into a charitable as we and our loved ones have power when Paul used this ordinance work as work for themselves, their families and to complete it. As I understand the

an additional evidence of the actuality their immediate ancestors. This is no scripture, this is an individual family

of the resurrection from the dead, for makework project, but the first step in responsibility given to the priesthood

Paul argued: an organized plan for teaching the to administer and to complete.

"Else what shall they do which are priesthood the assignment given them One of the amazing byproducts of baptized for the dead, if the dead rise by an angel on September 21, 1823, in this program of listing the record of not at all? why are they then baptized these words: temple work done for our immediate

for the dead?"(1 Cor. 15:29.) "Behold, I will reveal unto you the families is to see how our complacency

Well might we ask this same quesPriesthood, by the hand of Elijah the in the past had resulted in incomplete tion of every person now living and prophet, before the coming of the great work for certain members of the ask why this early Christian practice and dreadful day of the Lord. family. An aunt, an uncle, or a cousin

was neglected until 130 years ago when "And he shall plant in the hearts of had been overlooked for one reason or the great sealing power of Elijah was the children the promises made to the another. Some records were incomplete,

again returned to the earth. It was fathers, and the hearts of the children for a necessary ordinance here or there

part of early Christian doctrine as shall turn to their fathers. had been forgotten. As families worked

taught by Peter, who said that the "If it were not so, the whole earth to fill these gaps, relatives were drawn quickened or resurrected Jesus preached would be utterly wasted at his coming."together as if by magic. Cousins we

the gospel of exaltation to the spirits (D&C 2.) had not seen for years visited us or

of those who were dead so that they This threegeneration program is the called on the telephone. Contacts with

might be judged like the living if they first practical step in compiling a loved ones long neglected were would accept this work done for them record that each individual family awakened again and led to the formaby living persons. (1 Pet. 3:1820; 4:6.) must present as its sacrifice in the tion of new family organizations.

Peter addressed his letters to those temple, as given in the following Family reunions were held that now who had covenanted to assist Jesus in words from the scripture: had purpose and meaning.

the exaltation of mankind, saying to "Behold, the great day of the Lord Not to be overlooked was the them: is at hand; and who can abide the day spiritual awakening of some families

"But ye are a chosen generation, a of his coming, and who can stand as sins long overlooked or covered by royal priesthood, an holy nation, a when he appeareth? For he is like a deception and falsehoods were brought

peculiar people; that ye should shew refiner's fire, and like fuller's soap; and to light and corrected. This repentance

forth the praises of him who hath he shall sit as a refiner and purifier would not have occurred without the called you out of darkness into his of silver, and he shall purify the sons impetus given through this priesthood marvelous light: of Levi, and purge them as gold and program. Thus, the record required of

"Which in time past were not a silver, that they may offer unto the us was made more perfect and our people, but are now the people of God: Lord an offering in righteousness. Let lives in turn made more beautiful as

which had not obtained mercy, but us, therefore, as a church and a people, the need for tenderness, forgiveness, now have obtained mercy."(1 Pet. and as Latterday Saints, offer unto the and consideration in home and family

2:9-10.) Lord an offering in righteousness; and ties was made evident. No family

Peter referred to the mercy of Jesus let us present in his holy temple, when should hesitate to join in this program for the individual person. Even a perit is finished, a book containing the of gathering and completing family

son's personal sins could be forgiven records of our dead, which shall be records to produce a book of rememin mercy, if he would fully repent, turn worthy of all acceptation."(D&C brance worthy of all acceptation in the

from his sinful ways, and keep the 128:24.) temples of God.

covenant with God to become his child The compilation of an individual The priests of Israel in olden times through Jesus Christ. family record is a duty of such sacred presented an offering of a male lamb,

In his next letter Peter pled with white and without blemish, as a rehis brethren: "Wherefore the rather, membrance of Jesus Christ, who was

brethren, give diligence to make your to come to redeem the world from calling and election sure: for if ye do death and the grave. In an analogous

these things, ye shall never fall."manner our priesthood today with

(2 Pet. 1:10.) their families are to prepare a book of

Just before saying this, Peter had their dead, perfect, without blemish, taught them the need for faith, virtue, containing a record of completed ordiknowledge, temperance, patience, godnance work done for their dead liness, brotherly kindness, and charity. ancestors. This record containing the

The word charity is an expression used completed temple ordinances is a sacfor love so great that a person is willing rifice of the living for those of their to sacrifice a part of his time or worldly dead loved ones to bind them into the possessions for others out of the greatfamily of Jesus Christ—not only to be

ness of his love for them. Mormon redeemed from death, but also, if acJUNE 1966 S09

cepted, exalting them into the very 356.) work of God among the nations, and

presence of God the Eternal Father. Why is this so? Because the work of by noting the rapid fulfillment of sigThis program is the beginning, then, Jesus Christ must be made complete nificant prophecies, perceive the profor compiling an individual family and perfect through the help of those gressive evidence of the approaching

record by which members of the of us who profess to be his servants event.

priesthood can help make their calling so that every man and woman who Indeed, most of the significant signs and election sure. As the prophet desires to do so may make a personal that the scriptures say will precede his

Joseph Smith declared: covenant upon this earth to accept coming have already taken place.

"The greatest responsibility... that Jesus Christ as their Lord, their ReThese signs and noteworthy developGod has laid upon us is to seek after deemer, and their King. ments include:

our dead."(Teachings of the Prophet Of him I testify in the name of the 1. A universal apostasy from the

Joseph Smith, compiled by Joseph Only Begotten Son, even Jesus Christ. Church first established by Christ.

Fielding Smith, Second Edition, p. Amen. Paul taught the Thessalonians, saying:

"... that day shall not come, except

there come a falling away first...."

(2 Thess. 2:3.)

And he reminded Timothy that "the time will come when they will not endure sound doctrine; but after their

own lusts shall they heap to themselves teachers, ears; itching having Christ Will Come Again

their they shall turn "And away

EIRay L. Christiansen ears from the truth...."(2 Tim.

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve 4:3-4.)

2. The gospel in its fullness has been

I stand before you, my brethren and only a few decades ago, are clear and restored as promised, and the Book of sisters, in humility and in gratitude understandable. To the Prophet Joseph Mormon has come forth as prophesied

for the assurance I have that this is Smith came this promise: "For behold, by Ezekiel. (Ezek. 37.)

the Church of Jesus Christ, restored in verily, verily, I say unto you, the time 3. Likewise, the priesthood has been

fulfillment of the promises of the Lord is soon at hand that I shall come in a restored through the Visitation of made through his prophets and recloud with power and great glory. heavenly beings.

corded both in the Old Testament and "And it shall be a great day at the 4. The gospel has, for more than a

in the New Testament and in other time of my coming, for all nations hundred years, been taught to thouvolumes of scripture, and that his shall tremble."(D&C 34:7-8.) sands of people in many nations.

prophetleader in our day is President "... be prepared for the days to 5. As promised by the prophets,

David O. McKay, who sits with us come, in the which the Son of Man both of the Old Testament and of the

here today. We are so thankful, Presishall come down in heaven, clothed in New Testament, the Church has been

dent McKay, that you are here. the brightness of his glory, to meet the established in conformity with the

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latkingdom of God which is set up on original Church.

terday Saints proclaims without reserthe earth."(D&C 65:5. Italics added.) 6. In fulfillment of Malachi's promvation or hesitation the doctrine that There is no ambiguity in these ise, Elijah has restored the keys of the

Christ will return to the earth to reign words. That the Lord will come again sealing power, which are exercised in

in power and great glory. One of our no one needs doubt! the many temples throughout the

articles of faith states: "We believe But when will this stupendous event world today.

that... Christ will reign personally take place? Other marvelous signs and manifesupon the earth; and, that the earth Ever since his ascension into heaven, tations will be witnessed both in

will be renewed and receive its parathe faithful followers of Jesus have heaven and in earth prior to his comdisiacal glory."(Tenth article of looked hopefully for the day when he ing. We must wait for them to

faith.) would return. However, he himself develop.

It will be an actual, literal return of was most explicit in explaining that How will his coming affect the inthe Lord in person. His coming is the precise time of his return would habitants of the earth?

assured by Job, who exclaimed: "... I not be known in advance. "... of that The very thought of it thrills, the

know that my redeemer liveth, and day and hour,"he said, "knoweth no human soul! We are told that his

that he shall stand at the latter day man, no, not the angels of heaven, coming will be sublime and glorious;

upon the earth."(Job 19:25.) but my Father only."awesome and terrible—terrible to the

From the writings of Moses we learn "Watch therefore: for ye know not unrepentant and ungodly, but glorious

concerning the revelation given to what hour your Lord doth come."and delightful to those who are worthy

Enoch: "And the Lord said unto "... for in such an hour as ye think of him and who are ready to meet

Enoch: As I live, even so will I come not the Son of man cometh."(Matt. him.

in the last days, in the days of wicked24:36, 42, 44.) "For,"he has said, "I will reveal

ness and vengeance, to fulfil the oath There is no fixed time for a generamyself from heaven with power and which I have made unto you concerntion, no year or precise date given by great glory, with all the hosts thereof, ing the children of Noah."(Moses the Lord when events shall take place, and dwell in righteousness with men

7:60.) and it is folly for us to attempt to do on earth a thousand years, and the

During his ministry upon the earth, it for him. He will, however, see wicked shall not stand.

Jesus gave his disciples assurance of his that his word is fulfilled, for he has "... for they will not repent...."

coming by saying: "For the Son of said, "... one jot or one tittle shall (D&C 29:11, 17.)

man shall come in the glory of his in no wise pass from the law, till all At his coming Christ will cause the

Father with his angels; and then he be fulfilled."(Matt. 5:18.) hosts of righteous ones who have

shall reward every man according to So while the day and the hour are passed from life to come forth from his works."(Matt. 16:27.) not revealed and -will not be made the graves, and those who "are alive

To those who are not indifferent known to man, we can, by learning and remain shall be caught up"with and who do not close their minds to to understand the signs of the times, them to meet him. (1 Thess. 4:17. See

the truth, the words of Jesus, revealed by watching the development of the also D&C 88:96.)

5IO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And all they who have mourned shall be comforted.

"And all they who have given their lives for my name shall be crowned.

"Therefore, let your hearts be comforted......"J for all flesh is in mine Time Is of the Essence

hands; be still and know that I am

God."(D&C 101:1416.) John Longden

Under such conditions, all of us will Assistant to the Council of the Twelve desire to live with him and with our loved ones upon the earth. And we On September 23, 1909, I walked in too much of a hurry to stop and

can do this if we, like the five wise with my father, holding his hand, sip life, but never losing our sense of among the ten virgins spoken of by the down a street called Edge Lane in the enormous value of a minute."

Lord in the parable, will not only Liverpool, England, into the office of Mere "busyness"is not necessarily desire to meet and be with him but also the then British Mission and had the evidence of the wise use of time. There

make the preparation necessary to do privilege of shaking the hand of Presishould be time for mental and spirso. We are not without direction in dent Charles W. Penrose just before itual development as well as relaxaour preparation for his coming. He we boarded ship to come to this great tion: time for worship and time to

has given in. the restored gospel the patcountry of America. express our thankfulness for our ability

tern to be followed. In March of that same year, Presito work, and think, and pray, and read,

Through the Prophet Joseph Smith, dent Penrose dedicated a little corruand help, and dream, and laugh, and the Lord made this known to the gated, galvanized meetinghouse in plan, and learn.

Church, saying: Oldham, Lancashire, where I was born. "Dost thou love life, then do not

"And even so I have sent mine everThrough the graciousness and kindness squander time, for that is the stuff life lasting covenant into the world, to be of President David O. McKay of the is made of,"said Benjamin Franklin.

a light to the world, and to be a First Presidency, I had the privilege of Modern conditions have and are standard for my people, and for the returning to the land of my birth after creating more leisure, adding to our

Gentiles to seek it, and to be a mesfifty-six years to dedicate a beautiful woes unless this precious time is used senger before my face to prepare the structure in the town of Oldham. wisely.

way before me."(D&C 45:9. Italics President McKay, we shall always be I was interested in the word

added.) grateful to you for this assignment and "leisure"because we hear so much

"... at that day, when I shall come the opportunity of holding conferences about it, so referring to the dictionary,

in my glory, shall the parable be fulin London, in Leicester, and in Hol- I found this description: "Spare time;

filled which I spake concerning the land. It was a rich experience to unoccupied by work; as, leisure hours."

ten virgins. associate with the members in Old- "The end of labor is to gain leisure."

"For they that are wise and have... ham. My, what a contrast from the (Aristotle.)

taken the Holy Spirit for their guide, little galvanized building in which I "Employ thy time well, if thou leisure; to gain since meanest and, sacSchool used to go and to Sunday I not haveand been deceived—verily

art not sure of thou a minute, rament all the meeting throw other and you,say shall they unto not be hewn down and cast into the fire, but shall services that were held at that time. not away an hour.""Leisure is time

abide the day."(D&C 45:5657.) Almost four hundred people assembled for doing something useful; this leisure

"And it shall come to pass that the that Sunday night of February 27 the diligent man will obtain; but the

righteous shall be gathered out from with the Manchester Stake Mormon lazy man, never.""A life of leisure

among all nations, and shall come to Choir, which they informed me they and a life of laziness are two things."

Zion, singing with songs of everlasting had permission to so be called by the (Franklin.)

joy."(D&C 45:71.) First Presidency of the Church. "Leisure is a beautiful garment, but

The words of a lovely song come to Fiftysix years ago! It seems like it will not do for constant wearing."

mind: "If Christ should come tomoryesterday! How time flies! (Anonymous.)

row, what would he do? what would We have heard much about time "Leisure is pain; takes off our

he say?"What would we do? What during this conference thus far, and I chariot wheels; how heavily we drag

would we say? should like to spend a few moments the load of life. Blessed leisure is

on this subject of time. our'curse."(Edward Young, Night

"O that each in the day of his coming How many times have you heard the Thoughts, 1742.)

for "I all "Leisure of business, statement, haven't say, and men may for business'I are of leisure, individuals blessed time"—yetwith the same would cure men have fought my way through.

I have finished the work thou didst amount of this precious commodity. many complaints."(Mrs. Thrale.)

give me to do.'"Guard well your spare moments,"Spare minutes are the golddust of

Oh, that each from the Lord may reRalph Waldo Emerson advised. "They time; the portions of life most fruitful

ceive this glad word: are like uncut diamonds. Discard them in good or evil; the gaps through

'Well and faithfully done; and their value will never be known. which temptations enter.

Enter into my joy and sit down on my Improve them and they will become Yes, temptations.

throne, the brightest gems in a useful life.""Time well employed is Satan's

foe; deadliest it leaves into inexcusable opening for noEnter us waste Most of an sit down on my "my joy and

fiend,"the lurking said throne.'of time. using go along Wilcox. amount We

("Come, Let Us Anew,"Hymns, 17.) time thoughtlessly and failing to get I think of another of my mother's

out of it either enjoyment of life or teachings: "An idle brain is the devil's

It is then that will be seen a fulfillthe satisfaction of accomplishments. workshop."(English proverb.) We

ment of the Lord's own prayer, which Time passes quickly, we cannot save know it is not when we are busy that has been sung so beautifully today: it, we cannot buy it, There is nothing we get into trouble.

"Thy kingdom come. Thy will be we can do about it except to see as far Herndon said: "Satan selects his

done in earth, as it is in heaven."as possible that it passes fruitfully. disciples when they are idle; Jesus

(Matt. 6:10.) Robert R. Updegraff once said, "To selected his when they were busy at

May it so be, I pray in the name of get all there is out of living, we must their work either mending their nets

Jesus Christ, our Master. Amen. employ our time wisely, never being or casting them into the sea."

JUNE 1966 511 Then Hans Christian Andersen said, be wanted, and I must not be found polite; time to be virtuous, to be clean;

"Time is so fleeting that if we do not lacking. time to study, to pray, to think; time

remember God in our youth, age may Today I am determined to do things to act wisely; time to be happy; time

find us incapable of thinking about I should do. I firmly resolve to stop to worship, to develop selfcontrol;

Him."doing the things I should not do. time to have faith, to repent, to be

The Prophet Alma said: "... learn Today I begin by doing and not baptized by immersion by one having

wisdom in thy youth; yea, learn in thy wasting my time. In one week I will the authority; and time to receive a

youth to keep the commandments of be miles beyond the person I am today. witness of the Holy Ghost, that power

God."(Al. 37:35.) Today I will not imagine what I which will guide us into further light

I thrilled this morning with this would do if things were different. They and truth and knowledge, this great

beautiful Primary chorus and to hear are not different. I will make a success boon or favor from our Heavenly

their melodious, sweet, young voices with what material I have. Father and his divine Son Jesus Christ.

singing these glorious hymns: "I am a Today I will stop saying, "If I had Then we are conforming with the forchild of God.... Lead me, guide me, time,"for I never will "find time"for malities that permit us entrance into

walk beside me, Help me find the anything—if I want time I must take the kingdom of the Lord Jesus Christ.

way."Yes, in their youth they are it. I bear this witness and testimony that

learning these precious teachings. Today I will act toward other people we can take advantage of our time and

The Apostle Paul gave excellent as though this might be my last day accomplish great deeds in rendering counsel—Ephesians 6:1011: on earth. I will not wait for tomorrow. service to our fellowmen, and I ask

"... be strong in the Lord, and in Tomorrow never comes. that this will be our lot, in the name

the power of his might. Yes, we have time to be honest, time of Jesus Christ, our divine Savior.

"Put on the whole armour of God, to be gentlemen and ladies; time to be Amen.

that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil."

The time we spend learning of our

Father in heaven will bring untold blessings to us all the days of our lives and enable us to avoid or overcome of Satan. temptationsthe greatness of the Can You Abide Two Hours? the can see Some

past, some can sense the potential of Eldred G. Smith

recogare able to future,the but few

Patriarch to the Church the present. of the greatnessnize Those

of us who have the light of the gospel The scriptures are replete with the Jesus gave of the laborers. He said,

of Jesus Christ and a knowledge of the admonition to endure to the end with "For the kingdom of heaven is like purpose of life and the reason for a promise of eternal life as a reward. unto a man that is an householder,

being here have an advantage over To the Nephites the Lord said, "Look which went out early in the morning those who do not have this blessing. unto me, and endure to the end, and to hire labourers into his vineyard.

Therefore, we need to place the true ye shall live; for unto him that "And when he had agreed with the

value upon this precious commodity endureth unto the end will I give labourers for a penny a day, he sent time. eternal life."(3 Ne. 15:9.) In the them into his vineyard.

There are 60 seconds in a minute, Doctrine and Covenants the Lord "And he went out"repeatedly 60 minutes in an hour, 24 hours in a says, "... whosoever is of my church, during the day and hired other laborers

day, 168 hours in a week, 8,736 hours and endureth of my church to the end, even unto the eleventh hour, telling in a year. The average span of life at him will I establish upon my rock, and each that he would pay them that

present is 70 years. In that many years the gates of hell shall not prevail which was right. Then at the end of

there would be well in excess of against them."(D&C 10:69.) the day, paying the last laborer hired

600,000 hours. What does it mean to endure? One first, he paid each a penny, giving the

Let us r\ot worry about the span of definition is: "to have duration; to same reward for the day's labor to each

life (70 years) or the total accumulated continue."This would be to outlast person. (Matt. 20:1-15.) The Lord not

hours in those years, but take each day time; this is important too. But here only said to endure but to endure to

as it comes, living every minute, every is another definition: "to withstand or the end—to the end of life, your life.

hour. bear, as pain, sorrow, destructive force, How long is your life? Time is releMay I read something very approwithout yielding; to suffer patiently; vant. Brother Longden has just told us

priate on this thought titled "Today."to remain firm, as under trial or sufquite a bit about time, which should

I do not know the author's name. fering; to bear up under adversity."stir up our interest in how we use it.

Today is here. I will start with a One of the main purposes of this life Which time calendar do you use to

smile, and resolve to be agreeable. I is to overcome obstacles, to gain measure your lifetime on the earth?

will not criticize. I refuse to waste my strength, to grow to the point where While Abraham was in Egypt, the

valuable time. we can endure many things. For inLord taught him much concerning the

Today has one thing in which I stance, can you endure others and stars, especially those that control the know I am equal with others—Time. their differences of opinion? Can you times and the seasons. Thus Abraham

All of us draw the same salary in accept the gospel of Jesus Christ in the wrote:

seconds, minutes, hours 24 Golden face of adversity? Can you live as "And I saw the stars, that they were

Hours each day. Christ taught, that you might be very great, and that one of them was

Today I will not waste my time, worthy of eternal life? To endure nearest unto the throne of God; and

because the minutes I wasted yesterday means more than just a good start there were many great ones which are as lost as a vanished thought. alone; we must finish with zeal. were near unto it;

Today I refuse to spend time worryLife is much like a basketball game. "And the Lord said unto me: These

ing about what might happen. I am You don't win if you don't start well are the governing ones; and the name

going to spend my time making things and then slow down; but if you get of the great one is Kolob, because it is

happen. off to a bad start, it is possible to catch near unto me, for I am the Lord thy

Today I am determined to study to up and even win. The finish is of most God: I have set this one to govern all

improve myself, for tomorrow I may importance. Remember the parable those which belong to the same order

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as that upon which thou standest. ing to promise to build this body and late in life to change now. I am too

"And the Lord said unto me, by the keep it clean. You would not particiold to change my religion."To such

Urim and Thummim, that Kolob was pate in any activities that would depeople I might say, "All the more after the manner of the Lord, accordfile the body. You would be willing reason why you had better make the

ing to its times and seasons in the to accept the teachings of the Savior. change quickly so that you will be

revolutions thereof; that one revolution You would accept his gospel when it prepared to meet your Maker and say,

was a day unto the Lord, after his was presented unto you. You would 'I tried at the last minute when the

manner of reckoning, it being one meet any adversity willingly for two opportunity first came to me.'"No one

thousand years according to the time hours. Even though you were inis too old to start doing good or to

appointed unto that whereon thou structed that you would have pain, make changes and amendments in the standest. This is the reckoning of the sorrow, sickness, misery, wars, and right direction.

Lord's time, according to the reckoning even horrible wars to go through, you If you are married for 50 years in of Kolob."(Abr. 3:2-4.) would still be willing to come, and this life, that is equivalent to one hour

So according to this, 1000 years of even to beg for the opportunities of and 12 minutes in the Lord's time.

our time is equivalent to one day with coming, to endure for two hours'time. Can you, as married couples, put up

the Lord. If you were to live to be Yes, even if you were told you would with each other and learn to be faith100 years old on earth, that would be be born crippled, maimed, diseased, ful in all things for an hour and 12

1/10 of one day with the Lord. Now you would still be willing to come to minutes? Could you withstand the

suppose we divide the Lord's day endure whatever might be required of test of prosperity? This is a test under

into 24 equal parts, as our day is, you to get the blessings of eternal life which many individuals, as well as just for comparative purposes: 100 as a result of but a short period of cities or nations, fall. Can we as a

years of our life would be equal to time. You would even be willing to Church, can we as Americans, can

1/10 of 24, or 2.4 hours. So according accept being born blind on this earth we of this latter day withstand the

to this, if you live to be 100 on this if it meant the outcome of this short trial of prosperity for two hours or so earth, that would be equivalent to 2.4 time would be that you would have of the Lord's time? I think that when

hours in the Lord's time calendar. If the blessings of eternal life. the Lord does the judging, he will

you live to be 75, that would be one I am sure that you would have promthink in terms of the eternal time, hour and 48 minutes. Fifty years of ised that you would accept the gospel the Lord's time. And he might say,

this time is equivalent to one hour and against any opposition. You would could you not be faithful for such a

12 minutes in the Lord's time. live the gospel. Oh, yes. You would short time as two hours, or an hour

Imagine yourself for a moment back be told that you would have to live and a half, whatever time was allotted in the spirit world before you came the Word of Wisdom. You would you—a matter of one or two hours,

to earth. You were living in the have to pay your tithing. You would generally speaking. If so, if you can

presence of God in the celestial world. be asked to attend many meetings. You meet these challenges to endure to the

You knew from firsthand experience would be required to give much of end, the blessings of eternal life are the fullness of the glory of God. You your time and your assistance in order yours.

knew you could not participate in his to promote the work of the Lord upon Then you can say, as Paul wrote to glory, or become as he is, because you the earth. You might be asked to sing Timothy, "I have fought a good fight,

were only a spirit; you didn't have a in the choir occasionally. I have finished my course, I have kept

physical body. Now the opportunity You might be required to do genethe faith:

comes for you to go to earth where you alogical research work and to spend "Henceforth there is laid up for me can receive such a body and become much of your time in the temples or in a crown of righteousness, which the as he is. Of course, you shouted for many other activities in behalf of Lord, the righteous judge, shall give

joy! Then let's assume that you were someone else. You might be instructed me at that day: and not to me only,

instructed that you would be allotted that you would be required to be a but unto all them also that love his 100 years of mortal time. To you, bishop and give of your time unselfishappearing."(2 Tim. 4:7-8.)

there and then, that would be two ly, as a bishop does, all for the benefit May the Lord's blessings be yours to hours and 24 minutes. That would be of others. What price could you pay endure the trials of life and to endure

the only time calendar you would be that would be too high and too great temptations, to endure discouragement, familiar with—only about 2x/3 hours. for the blessings of eternal life and to endure all adversities of Satan.

Only 2!/3 hours to earn such a great to become as your Heavenly Father? That you may have the blessings ofreward—and some may not live 100 Some say when the missionaries joy and eternal life I pray in the name

years; most of us will not. So we will come to them, "I am too old; it is too of Jesus Christ. Amen.

assume about two hours time in the

Lord's time is allotted to us in this life.

Brother John Longden has just told us that the average life was 70 years;

that is about 1.7 hours in the Lord's

time. I think that for that short

length of time you would be willing to put up with most anything. We

have in this life two golden hours.

Wouldn't you promise to endure almost anything for two hours to get the blessings that the Lord has promised of eternal life and to become as he is? He has promised that all that

the Father has shall be given unto you. Then suppose you were instructed that you would have much

to endure in this life on earth. Nothing

would be too great to endure for two hours, would it? You would be willJUNE 1966 513

God created he him...."(Gen. 1:

A Basic HardCore Godhead Concept 2627.)This God of mine and yours has

for Christian Creeds withbeen hisseen sonandJesus,heard.GodInthecompanyFather

William J. Critchlow, Jr. appeared to Joseph Smith, the great

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve Americanson, he said,prophet."ThisIntroducingis My Belovedhis

Last year, a dignitary of a great him."Under that broad definition Son, Hear Him!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.)

Protestant church visited in Ogden there surely ought to be room for the The apostle John wrote: "And this

[Utah]. His coming was announced abbot, the ministers, even myself, to is life eternal, that they might know

in the press, and an invitation was qualify as Christians and room also to thee the only true God, and Jesus extended to the public to hear him disagree. God, whoever and wherever Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John

speak on the subject "Are the Mormons he is, would be pleased to have his 17:3.)

Christians?"I missed his sermon, so I children, regardless of creed or color, 2. I affirm—we affirm—that Jesus

wouldn't know. I mean I wouldn't keep the commandments he gave to Christ, whom the Father did send, is

know what he said. ancient Israel, and how much happier literally, not figuratively, the Son of

A visitor on Temple Square turned this world would be if we of Christian God, our Heavenly Father. Jesus said

to a tourist at his side and asked, "Are faiths would follow the simple teachhe was. When Caiaphas on that fatethese Mormons Christians?"Sensing ings of the Christ. I am a Christian. ful day of our Savior's trial shouted,

Christ, the of "Art thou the Son sustains I believe dictionary me. pressure the about of crowdthe him My

.".. said, the Blessed?... Jesus I am. as the truth taught Christ and in Jesus to be overwishing obviously notand

heard, the tourist answered, almost in by him. (Mark 14:6162.) His mother so

a whisper, "Yes, in a way, but they My acceptance of him literally as claimed him (Luke 1:3032); so did his

are not orthodox."Then, taking his the Son of God, rather than as a maniapostles and others. (John 1:4549,

wife by the arm, he squeezed his way festation or reincarnation of God, must 11:2544; Mark 15:39; Matt. 14:33;

9:1720; 76:1523.) the Acts of God the Christian rule out I D&C think, not me of theout crowd—purposely, possible doubt Father left no belief in a corroom for society. should Nor orthoexplaining myto avoid that word

dox. The visitor who asked the question poreal—flesh and bones—God affect about his sonship; four times are rewould probably like to know what an my Christian status. And because I corded in which he, the Father, introorthodox Christian is. So would I. also accept the Holy Ghost as the third duced Jesus as his Son:

Up in Huntsville, Utah, where person in the Godhead, I should not be 1. To Joseph Smith, as I have alPresident McKay was born and reared accused of believing too much for an ready related.

and where he still resides when he is orthodox Christian. 2. On the occasion of Christ's transnot in his apartment in Hotel Utah, a To the tourist, who may still be figuration on the Mount. (Mark 9:2-7.)

monastery has been established. I asked pondering the meaning of the word 3. When Jesus made a personal visit

its abbot why his church came to "orthodox,"and to all of you listening to the Nephites. (3 Ne. 11:3-7.)

Huntsville to build a monastery in in, may I submit three really basic, 4. At the baptism of Jesus by the

President McKay's backyard, in a hardcore godhead concepts that truly hands of John the Baptist. (Matt. 3:

community where 90 percent of the are characteristic of my Latterday 1317.) This particular introduction is

residents are Mormons, in a state Saint faith: narrated by Luke in these words, which

where Mormons constitute a substan- 1. I affirm—we affirm—the existence are almost identical with those of the

tial majority. He replied, "To bring of a true and living God in whose other three introductions: "And the

Christianity to the Mormons."And he image and likeness man was created. Holy Ghost descended in a bodily

was not speaking facetiously. He has "a body of flesh and bones as shape like a dove upon him, and a

Last year a Protestant minister on tangible as man's."(D&C 130:22.) voice came from heaven, which said,

the local radio program "Public Pulse"With limbs, he can stand and walk. Thou art my beloved Son; in thee I am

was asked by one of his listeners, "Is In his head are eyes to see us, ears to well pleased."(Luke 3:22.)

there any basic, hardcore concept that hear us, a mouth to speak to us. Can There have been fathers without

is common to, and characteristic of, all anyone explain to me how he: sons, but whoever heard of a son

is no exception.Christian creeds?"In substance his—without a mouth can speak? (John without a father? Jesus

answer was, "Yes, there are two. The 12:2829.) God is his Father. To him he prayed

first is a belief in a God to whom you—without eyes can see what his chiland to him he counseled us to pray.

can ascribe no physical characteristics. dren are doing here on earth? (Matt. 6:9-13.)

thirdThe other is a 'concept of Jesus Christ—without ears can hear my prayers Luke's narrative introduces my

as a manifestation of God in the flesh, and yours? hardcore concept, namely:

who came to establish his gospel on My God is capable of emotions and 3. I affirm—we affirm—that the

the earth.'"Christian churches are passions, else: Holy Ghost who "descended in a

vehicles to spread it around the world.—how can he love? He did so love bodily shape like a dove"upon Jesus

Thanks to this minister, I think I "the world, that he gave his only is the third member of the Godhead.

now know what the tourist on Temple begotten Son, that whosoever believUnlike Jesus and the Father, he does

Square meant when he said, "Yes, in eth in him should not perish, but not have a body of flesh and bones a way [the Mormons are Christians], have everlasting life."(John 3:16.) but is a personage of spirit—a spirit

but they are not orthodox."I also have—how can he be angry when his chilentity. Like the Father and the Son,

a faint idea of what the minister up dren blaspheme his name and break his spirit body has size and dimensions

Ogden way probably said in this serhis commandments? and is in the form of a man, not a

will take in time, he, Whether Christians?"he be long suffering? merciwoman. can Mormons "Are themon,—how

speculation. is sheer to himself a body is gracious? believing a it seems, ful andOrthodoxy,

little; unorthodoxy is believing too From your Bible and mine I quote: Some people who are given to

much. "... God said, Let us make man in speculating suspect that he might fol-

A Christian, according to my dicour image, after our likeness.... low the example of the Savior, who

tionary, is one who "believes, or pro- "So God created man in his own took upon himself a body and then fesses or is assumed to believe, in Jesus image,"and then, as if by way of laid it down that he might take it up

Christ, and the truth as taught by emphasis, is added "in the image of again. The Savior said he did the

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA things he saw his Father do before him. "... no man can say that Jesus is fully understood in the meridian of

(John 5:1920.) His Father took unto the Lord, but by the Holy Ghost."time. "... when Paul had laid his

himself a body. I would not dare to (1 Cor. 12:3; D&C 46:13.) hands upon them, the Holy Ghost

deny the Holy Ghost that same priviBy his power one may know that came on them; and they spake with

lege; neither would I affirm it so. the Book of Mormon is true. (Moro. tongues, and prophesied."(Acts 19:6.)

Some things we do not know; some 10:4.) Once, one Simon Magus made overthings we are not now supposed to He is the Holy Spirit of Promise tures with money, "saying, Give me

know. If evil spirits can enter into who "places the stamp of approval also this power, that on whomsoever

and thus influence mortal bodies upon every ordinance: baptism, con- I lay hands, he may receive the Holy

(Mark 5:1-12), it must be within the firmation, ordination, marriage. The Ghost."Peter's rebuke stunned him:

power of the Holy Ghost on occasions promise is that the blessings will he "Thy money perish with thee, because similarly to contact and influence received through faithfulness."(Docthou hast thought that the gift of God

human souls for good. Perhaps that's trines of Salvation, Vol. 1, p. 45. Italics may be purchased with money."(Acts

why he has not taken upon himself a added.) 8:1920.)

mortal body. The Prophet Joseph Smith was told Now, what I have been trying to say

Spirit matter is too refined to be that "all covenants, contracts, bonds, in a profusion of words—and I offervisible to the physical eye, yet God obligations, oaths, vows, performances, it as my witness—is this:once permitted John the Baptist to connections, associations, or expecta- I believe—"We believe in God, the

behold the descent of the Holy Ghost tions"must be sealed by the Holy Eternal Father, and in His Son, Jesus "in a bodily shape"when John bapSpirit of Promise if they are to have Christ, and in the Holy Ghost."

tizeddescended—notJesus. Like ina dovethe formthe Holyof a Ghostdove, the"efficacy,resurrectionvirtue, fromor forcethe dead;in andforafterall (FirstWe articlebelieve ofin faith.)God the Father, the

but rather in the sign of the dove in contracts that are not made unto this Planner, Elohim by name; Jesus

witness of that administration. In exend have an end when men are dead."the Son, the Creator, the Jehovah

planation, the Prophet Joseph Smith (D&C 132:7.) Some of the Saints, I of the Old Testament; the Holy Ghost,

has said, "The sign of the dove was fear, fail to realize that he who places the Testator, Revelator, Comforter.

instituted before the creation of the the seal upon the ordinances has power The greatest gift God has bestowed world, a witness for the Holy Ghost, also to remove the seal when covenants upon us, his errant children, is the and the devil cannot come in the sign are broken. How important it is that gift of his Only Begotten Son—our

of a dove. The Holy Ghost is a personwe remain faithful Saints to the very Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. The next

age, and is in the form of a personage. end. precious gift, I think, is the gift of the

[He]... cannot be transformed into The gift of the Holy Ghost is beHoly Ghost. Following that I would

a dove; but the sign of a dove... is stowed after baptism by the laying on rate priesthood—the great power of

an emblem or token of truth and of hands by those who hold the MelGod.

innocence."(Teachings of the Prophet chizedek Priesthood. This priesthood Crowning these is the gift of eternal

Joseph Smith, p. 276.) ordinance was carefully preserved life.

Again, like the Father and the Son, from the Adamic dispensation and was In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

the Holy Ghost can only be in one place at a time, and he cannot transform himself into any other form or image. To affirm omnipresence of the

personage of the Holy Ghost overstates divine purpose. However, his power in Motivations for Good: Fear, Duty, Love are omnipresentand intelligence

perhaps the same way the light of Howard W. Hunter

Christ fills the immensity of space and Of the Council of the Twelve is everywhere present. Who can affirm

that the two are not in some way When the history of pur time is Even in the preexistence the spirit correlated agencies or powers through written, it might well describe our children of the father had their choice.

which the Holy Ghost, in administergeneration as the one that has in- "... for, behold, the devil was before

ing his affairs, sends forth his gifts? creased learning and scientific accomAdam, for he rebelled against me, say-

(Moro. 10:17; Joseph Fielding Smith, plishment to an extent far beyond the ing, Give me thine honor, which is my

Doctrines of Salvation, Vol. 1, p. 54.) achievement of any preceding generapower; and also a third part of the

His mission is to testify of Christ tion. We are constantly amazed at hosts of heaven turned he away from

and to bear record of the Father as modern development, yet we have me because of their agency."(D&C

well as the Son and to all truth. (John learned to expect the everexpanding 29:36.)

15:26; Doctrines of Salvation, Vol. 1, progress stemming from the mind of This same choice was given to the

p. 38.) man and as the result of his genius. first man placed upon the earth, for

Sometimes he is referred to as the "What is man, that thou art mindful after he was formed and placed amid

Messenger for the Father and the Son. of him? and the son of man, that thou the abundance that had been created,

Other times he is called the Comforter. visitest him? the Lord said: "Of every tree of the

As such he assuages sorrow, gives hope "For thou hast made him a little garden thou mayest freely eat, But of to dispirited persons, and soothes lower than the angels, and hast the tree of the knowledge of good and wounded hearts and feelings. crowned him with glory and honour."evil, thou shalt not eat of it, nevertheHe is often called the Teacher. The (Ps. 8:4-5.) less, thou mayest choose for thyself.

apostle John said, "... he shall teach The evidence of man's accomplish-..."(Moses 3:1617.)

you all things and bring all things to ments has firmly planted in the When the children of Israel stood on your remembrance...."(John 14:26.) modern mind the conviction of man's the threshold of the Promised Land,

to the choice given faced Revelator. a little that was lower the they than also a The Prophet He is greatness—just

told clearly Israel of the said, them, glory was can rewith and angels and crownedJoseph Smith "No man ceive the Holy Ghost without receiving honor. consequences of its decision. There was

revelations, The Holy Ghost is a Since the beginning, men have been no neutral ground in the statement of revelator."(Documentary History of born free moral agents with the freethe Lord to them:

the Church, Vol. 6, p. 58.) dom to choose between good or evil. "Behold, I set before you this day a

JUNE 1966 51B blessing and a curse; any of the past, although we may idolaters, and all liars, shall have their

"A blessing, if ye obey the comread history and cringe at the atrocities. part in the lake which burneth with

mandments of the Lord your God, The loss of morality extends up to fire and brimstone...."(Rev. 21:7-8.)

which I command you this day: the great commanders of the earth as To the restored Church the Lord has

"And a curse, if ye will not obey the well as down to the single individual stated time and time again that fear commandments of the Lord your God. man. The stability of the family has is not of God and will not enter the

..."(Deut. 11:2628.) been affected, as demonstrated by the hearts of those who love the Lord and

In the writings of Nephi we read of upsurge of the divorce rate. Juvenile live righteously: "Wherefore, be of

the instructions given by Lehi to his delinquency is accepted. It is not a good cheer, and do not fear, for I the

sons regarding this same inherent matter of how it can be reduced, but Lord am with you, and will stand by agency: "Wherefore, men are free achow the acceleration can be held in you "(D&C 68:6.)

cording to the flesh; and all things are moderation, as one authority has There are many people who live the

given them which are expedient unto stated. The use of liquor and addiction socalled good life because of fear, but

man. And they are free to choose to tobacco are on the increase; sexual as Christians we must not serve for this

liberty and eternal life, through the morality is being scoffed at in many reason. Fear must be banished from

great mediation of all men, or to modern circles; free love is tolerated our hearts. In one of the epistles of

choose captivity and death, according and even advocated; venereal diseases John he wrote: "There is no fear in

to the captivity and power of the devil; among teenagers as well as others love; but perfect love casteth out fear:

for he seeketh that all man might be have taken a sharp upturn. In short, because fear hath torment. He that

miserable like unto himself."(2 Ne. the will to resist evil seems to be vanfeareth is not made perfect in love."

2:27.) ishing. I have asked myself, and I ask (1 John 4:18.)

There has never been a time when you this question: What is the reason The second reason for men to shun

man has been forced to do good or for these appalling circumstances in a evil, pursue righteousness, and serve forced to obey the commandments of world in which man has made such their fellowmen is duty. Often we

choice—hisGod. He has freealwaysmoralbeenagency.given hisIf freeone outstandingAs I read achievementsthe Old and inNewlearning?Testahearbecausemenit sayis theirthey doduty.certainOne thingsgreat

looks back through the events of hisments and also the Book of Mormon, writer has penned: "The duty of man

tory, there come into view the results I find that man has two theological... is plain and simple, and consists

of the greatness of men who kept the concerns involving himself: his sins but of two points—his duty to God,

commandments of the Lord and made and his salvation. When man sins he which every man must feel; and, with

the choice on his side. One also sees suffers its painful effects. There are respect to his neighbor, to do as he

strewn along the wayside the ruins few chapters in these books that do would be done by."(Thomas Paine)

that stand as silent reminders of those not contain some reference to what sin Do we have a responsibility beyond who chose otherwise. Both had their is or does. The predominant conception that which it is our duty to perform?

free moral agency. of the nature of sin in these books is The parable Jesus gave of the farmer

In spite of the greatness of man and that of a personal alienation from God. and his servant is a direct answer to

his accomplishments in the modern We must conclude, therefore, that the this question:

world, we observe the lack of faith in vanishing resistance to evil in the "But which of you, having a servant

God and the absence of repentance, world is caused by this personal alienaplowing or feeding cattle, will say unto which has also been characteristic of tion from our Heavenly Father. him by and by, when he is come from

those in the past who would not heed Let us ask this question: What the field, Go and sit down to meat?

the commandments of God or the causes some men in a declining "And will not rather say unto him, warnings of a prophet. Peace does not morality to shun evil and wrongdoing Make ready wherewith I may sup, and

exist among men today. World leaders and to follow the course of righteousgird thyself, and serve me, till I have

appear helpless to formulate a solution, ness in their temporal, moral, and eaten and drunken; and afterward thou

and many of them have no regard for spiritual lives? In my mind, there are shalt eat and drink?

the principles of righteousness that three reasons for this phenomenon, and "Doth he thank that servant because would bring peace. The Ten Comit is to these three points I would like he did the things that were commandments and the Sermon on the to address my remarks. manded him? I trow not.

Mount have been set aside by those The first is fear. It is said that man "So likewise ye, when ye shall have

who formerly professed belief in them. fears God, but such an emotion is done all those things which are comMorality appears to have been lost ambiguous, for it may both repel and manded you, say, We are unprofitable

in the maze of human philosophies. attract. I am mindful of the conclusion servants: we have done that which was

We see it in the lives of individuals, reached by the writer of the book of our duty to do."(Luke 17:7-10.)

people in high places in government, Ecclesiastes in the admonition: Fear Even though the servant had come

and even leaders of industry and labor. God, and keep his commandments. in from the field tired and weary, it

Many churches in the world are an- (Ecc. 12:13.) The word fear and its was his duty to gird himself and serve

nouncing compromises of their tenets so synonyms occur several hundred times his master's meal. It was never supas not to offend the modern thinking in tbe Bible, and I believe we would posed that the master would wait on

of their membership. The cry has gone agree that a summary of scripture the servant. The servant is expected to

up from some pulpits that God is dead. would indicate that the law is to love wait on the master. He does not expect

When God ceases to live in the minds the Lord absolutely and exclusively. a word of appreciation, because under

and hearts of men and women, moral Many people, however, are compelled his agreement he is only doing that concepts collapse and only disaster can to do good because of fear—fear of the which was his duty to do. Men who

result. law, fear of the unknown, fear of the only carry out that which is within

In this community crime is increasAlmighty. In the book of Revelation, their duty and go no further have no

ing. It is on the increase in all states John catalogues fear with expressions claim to any reward beyond the scope

of the union and all over the world. of other evil doings in these words: of that duty and are unprofitable serThere is a growing disregard for law "He that overcometh shall inherit vants.

and order, a turn toward riot and mob all things; and I will be his God, and The Lord requires obedience not

rule, and in some cases total defiance he shall be my son. because it is our duty nor because we

of man's basic rights of life, liberty, "But the fearful, and unbelieving, fear him. Let me read from the 58th

and pursuit of happiness. The crimes and the abominable, and murderers, section of the Doctrine and Covenants:

of our generation are not excelled by and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and "For behold, it is not meet that I

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA should command in all things; for he "If a man say, I love God, and "... Feed my sheep."(John 21:16.)

that is compelled in all things, the hateth his brother, he is a liar: for he Or might it be, "... love thy neighsame is a slothful and not a wise serthat loveth not his brother whom he bour as thyself."(Matt. 19:19.)

vant; wherefore he receiveth no reward. hath seen, how can he love God whom There is no reason to believe that

"Verily I say, men should be he hath not seen? his counsel and advice today would

anxiously engaged in a good cause, and "And this commandment have we be any different than it was 2,000 do many things of their own free will, from him, That he who loveth God years ago. For his house is a house

and bring to pass much righteousness; love his brother also."(1 John 4:20of order. His gospel is the same yes-

"For the power is in them, wherein 21.) terday, today, and forever.

they are agents unto themselves. And The logic of this is simple, clear, and And because he would be most

inasmuch as men do good they shall in unequivocal: the proof of love of God anxious for us to overcome selfishness

nowise lose their reward. is love of one's brother. This becomes and lack of faith, which I believe are

"But he that doeth not anything the fundamental commandment of the two major sources of man's probuntil he is commanded, and receiveth Christianity. This was the religion lems today, don't you think he might

a commandment with doubtful heart, taught by the Master. How happy have some advice to give with respect

and keepeth it with slothfulness, the would society be were these two plain, to the mastery over worldly possessions, same is damned. rational precepts properly observed: for surely "where your treasure is,

"Who am I that made man, saith Love me, and love thy fellows. there will your heart be also."(Matt.

the Lord, that will hold him guiltless The living of this commandment by 6:21.) Yes, this great principle of

that obeys not my commandments?"all men would restore peace to the faith and the willingness to share our

(D&C 58:2630.) earth. It would cause them to love the temporal increase go hand in hand.

Now I come to the third reason, Lord and thereby keep his commandIn fact, someone has properly obwhich in my opinion ought to be the ments; thus the troubles of our age served that it doesn't take money to

objective of all men everywhere. The would vanish, and man's happiness in pay tithing—it takes faith.

greatest motivating influence for a moral world would result. The In this respect, I shall always rerighteousness and for service to one's motivating influences generated within member the faith of an old Maori

fellowmen is the divine principle of man through fear, his obligation to brother in New Zealand. As the mislove. The answer Jesus gave to the duty, or deep sense of love can turn sionaries came to his humble little

scribe is a summary of the law: the tide of the declining morality of fishing shack located well off the

"And thou shalt love the Lord thy our generation. The greatest of these is beaten track, he hurried to find an

God with all thy heart, and with all love. We must strive to obtain this envelope that contained a letter adthy soul, and with all thy mind, and virtue if we are to serve the Lord dressed to him and in which he had

with all thy strength: this is the first without faltering or growing weary in also stuffed a sizable sum of hardcommandment. our pursuit of eternal life. We will do earned money. He promptly handed

"And the second is like, namely this, this not because of fear, nor merely the envelope containing the money

Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thybecause it is our duty, but because we and letter to the missionaries. This

self. There is none other commandhave sought for and obtained the fine brother didn't have the ability to

ment greater than these."(Mark greatest of all virtues, love. read the letter when it arrived, for it

12:3031.) I know that God lives, that he is our was written in English and his tongue

Jesus revealed the meaning of love Father, that he has given to each of was Maori, but he could read the by his life, and the perfect example of his sons and daughters free moral financial figures contained in it, and love was given to us by the Father in agency, that his Son, the Redeemer of he recognized the letterhead as being the offering of his divine Son: the world, through love, gave his life from the mission office. He thought

"For God so loved the world, that that each of us may have eternal life. the mission needed the cash amount

he gave his only begotten Son, that I pray that we shall exercise that mentioned for some special purpose, whosoever believeth in him should not agency which we have been given by and he had it all ready for the misperish, but have everlasting life."loving the Lord and our neighbor, in sionaries. After translating the letter

(John 3:16.) the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. for him, it was now clear that the

letter merely confirmed his annual tithing settlement and stated the total

Saturday Morning Session, April 9, 1966 amount paid for the previous year.

His faith was such that he stood ready to pay the same amount all over again if the Lord's servants needed it for

Now while What Would Thou Have Me Do? theZealand,work. let meI havetell youyou aboutdown ainbeauNew

Robert L. Simpson tiful little white chapel located in

Of the Presiding Bishopric Maromaku Valley. About twentyfive

years ago Brother Matthew Cowley,

Once again in the tradition of the Let us suppose that by some miracuwho was then the New Zealand Mis- [Easter] season all Christendom pauses lous arrangement the privilege would sion president, wrote to President with bowed head and contrite heart be granted for each to spend one [Heber J.] Grant and his counselors,

to contemplate the terrible agony, the precious minute in private audience telling them of this faithful branch of pain, the suffering, and the indignities with the resurrected Christ this Easter English members. He expressed a

of the Lord and Savior of the world day. What would you do? What recommendation that because of their

as he gave himself to be crucified for would you say? Surely there would devotion and outstanding tithing recthe sins of all mankind. be great emotion because of your love ord over many years, a modest chapel

But with the rising of the sun of for him. Then I am certain that be built for them without local particianother Easter morning, there also many would ask the simple question: pation, entirely from the general tithwells up within each of us a glorious "What would thou have me do?"and ing funds of the Church. Soon the

assurance of hope, a brilliant ray of he might conceivably answer, "If ye answer came back that the recompeace, for he lives! Death is overlove me, keep my commandments."mendation was approved. Immediately

come! And life will be eternal. (John 14:15.) a special meeting was called in the

JUNE 1966 SI7 community schoolhouse, and for the however indispensible in a partnership We often hear the comment: "I befirst time these wonderful people heard that there shall also be a sharing of lieve all you say about tithing, but I

what had transpired in their behalf. the burdens of the enterprise. The am so hopelessly in debt right now I

At first they just sat. No one seemed honor and the satisfaction that come will have to wait until next year to

particularly elated by the news, and to one in realization that he lives his start."The only trouble with that is

then, one by one, each family head life in partnership with God is to me that next year never comes. Meet

stood to explain how he would be a lofty and exalting thought. One with your bishop right away and redisappointed if he were not allowed cannot hope to realize the profits from ceive his kindly counsel. Then call

to accept financial responsibility for a that venture without bearing his por- a special meeting of all the family.

certain phase of the proposed chapel. tion of the expense—the giving which Invite them to participate in the posWithin twenty minutes, the entire is requisite."sible solutions to the problem. Maybe

amount had been subscribed to. These President Richards went on to say your son Johnny ends up with a paper

faithful people were in the habit of that our part of that partnership could route—that's great! And teenagergoing the extra mile in helping to only be confirmed through the paySusan finds work on Saturdays—wonfinance the needs of the kingdom, and ment of an honest tithe. derful! I think all of our teenagers

this is the way they wanted it. You He also made this observation with should learn well this wonderful prinsee, people overcome selfish desires as regard to the spiritual power that ciple of work. Not only that, but the

they practice the Lord's law of giving. comes to one who is willing to give entire family might agree to rough it

Just last week a man said: "Today's of his substance to the Lord: "Obserfor a few years by settling on a fivecost of living makes it impossible for vance of tithing brings spiritual power yearold car that uses regular gas and

me to consider ten percent of my inand after all, that to me, is the main has rollup windows. This important

come for tithing."By every standard thing. Religion is more than mere family meeting on finances could be

of today's economic and financial repose or relaxation. It is positive the turning point toward eternal exteaching as figured by the mind of spiritual exercise. It makes for the altation and salvation.

man, his reasoning seems justified. But growth of the soul, it cultivates all of Few topics have received as much

the spiritual law is different. Do you the virtues. So one who is serious time and attention from this pulpit as

remember how perplexed the multitude about religion will be willing to give has the subject of tithing. There is

was when the Savior said this: "He to it the things which are vital to good reason for such emphasis. Comthat findeth his life shall lose it: and himself."(Stephen L Richards, The pliance to the great law of tithing

he that loseth his life for my sake shall Law of Tithing, Deseret News Press.) develops and trains men in the vital

find it"? (Matt. 10:39.) How much I want to share with you the testiattribute of obedience, which has been

like this law is the law of tithing, mony of a wonderful brother who had referred to as the first law of heaven.

wherein we receive by giving away. It been impressed by one of the Church It trains men in the vital attribute

just doesn't add up by worldly stanleaders as he explained the law of of faith, without which there can be dards, and most men consider such tithing. Meeting him on the street little hope for anyone, and also in the

teachings impractical and even ababout three months later, he took some vital attribute of unselfishness, man's stract. money from his pocket and said: "Do most immediate need for solving the

But it works! And hundreds of you see this? It is all mine. It does world's dilemmas in this day of hate,

thousands can bear that witness today not belong to the butcher, the baker, greed, and distrust.

because their faith has been such that or the loan agency. For the first time Speaking through the Psalmist,

they were willing to accept God's inin my life I am free of debt. I can the Lord declared: "... the world

vitation when he said: "Bring ye all walk down either side of the street is mine, and the fulness thereof."

the tithes into the storehouse, that with my head held high. I no longer (Ps. 50:12.) He doesn't really need

there may be meat in mine house, and have to cross from side to side, avoidour ten percent—it is all his in the

prove me now herewith, saith the Lord ing the shopkeepers holding my defirst place—but we need the experiof hosts, if I will not open you the linquent accounts."ence of giving. Just as the Sabbath was

windows of heaven, and pour you out Then he went on to tell how all created for man rather than man for a blessing, that there shall not be this came about because he took time the Sabbath, so it is with tithing:

room enough to receive it."(Mai. to sit down with his family, and they the value of the human soul is most

3:10.) No business proposition in all decided how they were going to meet important. "... my work and my

this wide world can begin to match their obligation to the Lord. glory,"the Lord declares, is "to bring

this offer. Here is the only real anThis man has peace of mind today. to pass the immortality and eternal

swer to today's cost of living. We He is now a leader in a branch of the life of man."(Moses 1:39.) There is

can't make the family budget stretch Church and a blessing to scores of no thought more compatible with the far enough on our own, so we had other people. While wearing the spirit of Easter than that.

better form a partnership with the chains of indebtedness, he was literally The God and Creator of heaven and

Lord by giving ten percent to him. "I, in bondage and unavailable to the earth could surely lay all the riches

the Lord, am bound when ye do what Lord for service. Tithing had been of the world at the feet of his leaders

I say"; and then he concludes, "but the answer, and he found financial here in mortality if this were the imwhen ye do not what I say, ye have no freedom. portant factor. But most important

promise."(D&C 82:10.) Now, it is just The personnel manager in a large is that we demonstrate our love for

that simple. And when we decide to Los Angeles plant, who is not a memGod by making our means available to

accept his terms, we'll be amazed to ber of the Church, relates this story: him according to his perfect plan and

learn that we can do far better on "I asked one of your returned missionsupreme wisdom.

$9.00 with the help of the Lord than aries seeking employment with our Each dollar of tithing expenditure is

we can with $10.00 on our own. firm if he paid his tithing, and when for the blessing of people, the edificaMany of us remember the tremenhe said 'yes/ I hired him on the spot. tion of the soul, the perfection of man;

dous enthusiasm of President Stephen I knew that he would be a man of and in this, all who participate can

L Richards of the First Presidency on integrity, I knew that he loved the find added comfort in the Savior's obthe subject of "tithing."He had this Lord, and I also knew that he would servation that "inasmuch as ye have

to say concerning partnership with be true to his wife."done it unto one of the least of these

God: "I like to think of the Lord as a So you see, brothers and sisters, the my brethren, ye have done it unto

partner because the essence of partnerpayment of tithing means many things me."(Matt. 25:40.) We make wonship is a sharing of profits. It is to many people. derful things possible for many won518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

derful people when we return the He beckons all to "come... follow tiny toys as it rested near the crib. I

Lord's tenth to him. me."(Matt. 19:21.) He pleads with remembered the words of Eugene

I bear solemn witness to all who can seemingly indifferent children: "If ye Field's masterpiece, "Little Boy Blue":

hear that the law of tithing is Godlove me, keep my commandments."

given and that the purpose for which (John 14:15.) He says that if we are "The little toy dog is covered with dust,

these sacred funds are used is sanctito preserve life, we must be prepared But sturdy and stanch he stands;

fied by divine direction. to give it away—our time to the blessAnd the little toy soldier is red with

Old Testament prophets taught the ings and comfort and edification of rust.

law of tithing, for they said: "Honour others, our means to the building of And his musket molds in his hands.

the Lord with thy substance, and with the kingdom and the blessings of Time was when the little toy dog was the firstfruits of all thine increase: mankind here and now. new,

"So shall thy barns be filled with Yes, in my opinion, God issued the And the soldier was passing fair, plenty, and thy presses shall burst out challenge of the ages when he said: And that was the time when our Little

with new wine."(Prov. 3:9-10.) This "... prove me now herewith,"and Boy Blue

admonition has never been rescinded. followed it quickly with a resulting Kissed them and put them there.

On one occasion just prior to that promise that he would "open you first Easter morning two thousand the windows of heaven, and pour you "'Now, don't you go till I come,'he years ago, the Savior admonished his out a blessing, that there shall not said, disciples: "Lay not up for yourselves be room enough to receive it."(Mai. 'And don't you make any noise!'

treasures upon earth, where moth and 3:10.) So toddling off to his trundlebed.

rust doth corrupt, and where thieves There has never been a more defiHe dreamed of the pretty toys.

break through and steal: nite promise than this. Let us not And as he was dreaming, an angel song-

"But lay up for yourselves treasures forget that the "windows of heaven"Awakened our Little Boy Blue, in heaven, where neither moth nor can only be operated by the remote Oh, the years are many, the years arc rust doth corrupt, and where thieves control switch in our hand. We must long,

do not break through nor steal: make the first move. This is the very But the little toy friends are true.

"For where your treasure is, there foundation of the eternal principle of will your heart be also."(Matt. faith. Once that faith has been "Ay, faithful to Little Boy Blue they

6:1921.) demonstrated, God stands ready and stand,

To justify the purpose of the Savior's anxious to fulfill his part of the Each in the same old place, suffering and to fulfill the opportunity agreement. Awaiting the touch of a little hand,

that he has afforded us of life eternal, May the spirit of Easter and the The smile of a little face.

man must break the restricting chains sure knowledge that he lives permeate And they wonder, as waiting the long of selfishness. There is no better way our hearts this day. May his great years through,

than to do it in the Lord's way. He atoning sacrifice be a constant reIn the dust of that little chair,

gave his life that we might truly live, minder of the relatively insignificant What has become of our Little Boy not just exist. He established the patsacrifices expected of us, I pray in the Blue

tern, declaring: "I am the way, the name of Jesus Christ, the Redeemer of Since he kissed them and put them

truth, and the life...."(John 14:6.) the world. Amen. there."

There are many toy dogs and many toy dolls that belonged to many boys and girls who lived and then were taken from us. And while the toys

may wonder while they wait, anxious parents need not wonder. The revealed

word of a loving Heavenly Father provides answers of to questions heart. the I Know That My Redeemer Lives could Mark and Wilma, gather you

Thomas S. Monson your little ones around as we discuss

Of the Council of the Twelve some of these answers. There are

many hundreds of thousands of others,

Spring has returned to the comfamily. They are my neighbors here perhaps millions, listening in, but they

munity of Franklin, Idaho. One can in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mark and may benefit from our conversation; for

hear the everwelcome chirp of the Wilma Shumway and each of the who hasn't lost a mother, a father, a robin and see the beauty of the first children always greet you with a sister, a brother, a son, or a daughter?

daffodil. Seemingly overnight, the friendly smile or a wave of the hand. Every thoughtful person has asked

drab brown grass of winter turns to a They brighten a neighborhood. They himself that question best phrased by

verdant green. Soon plows will turn are good people. Job of old: "If a man die, shall he live

the earth, seeds will be planted, and Can you imagine the happiness in again?"(Job 14:14.) Try as we may

a new cycle of life will commence. the family home on that 24th day of to put the question out of our thoughts,

Tucked away from the bustle of activOctober when little Michael was born. it always returns. Death comes to all

ity and snuggled against the friendly Father was proud, brothers and sisters mankind. It comes to the aged as they

hills is the town cemetery. were excited, Mother was humble, as walk on faltering feet. Its summons is

Just three weeks ago a new grave they welcomed this sweet new blossom heard by those who have scarcely was opened—not a large one—and a of humanity, fresh fallen from God's reached midway in life's journey, and

tiny casket was lowered into mother own home, to flower on earth. Happy often it hushes the laughter of little

earth. Three lines appear on the attracmonths followed. children.

tive headstone: Then came that fateful night in In Paul's message to the Hebrews, he

March when little Michael was called declared: "... it is appointed unto men

MICHAEL PAUL SHUMWAY to his heavenly home and the breath once to die...."(Heb. 9:27.) While

Born: October 24, 1965 of life was gone. As I visited with death is inevitable, it can best be

Died: March 14, 1966 Mark and Wilma, so bowed down understood when we learn of life,

with grief from the loss of their even eternal life.

May I introduce you to the Shumway precious son, I noticed one of Michael's Life on earth does not mark the

JUNE 1966 519 beginning of our existence. The poet He was ridiculed, reviled, mocked, going into another room. In that

William Wordsworth wrote: jeered, and nailed to a cross amidst other room we shall find... the dear

shouts of "Let Christ the King of women and men and the sweet chil- "Our birth is but a sleep and a forIsrael descend now from the cross, that dren we have loved and lost."(God

getting: we may see and believe."(Mark and My Neighbor [Chicago: Charles

The soul that rises with us, our life's 15:32.) "He saved others; himself he H. Kerr and Company].)

Star, cannot save."(Matt. 27:42.) "If thou Against the philosophy rampant in

Hath had elsewhere its setting, be Christ, save thyself...."(Luke today's world—a doubting of the auAnd cometh from afar: 23:39) His response: "Father, forgive thenticity of the Sermon on the Mount,

Not in entire forgetfulness, them; for they know not what they an abandonment of Christ's teachings,

And not in utter nakedness, do."(Luke 23:34.) "... into thy hands a denial of God, and a rejection of his

But trailing clouds of glory do we come I commend my spirit: and having said laws—we seek a point of reference, an

From God, who is our home: thus: he gave up the ghost."(Luke unimpeachable source, even a testiHeaven lies about us in our infancy!"23:46.) His body was placed by loving mony of eye witnesses. Stephen,

("Ode on Intimations of Immortality hands in a sepulcher hewn of stone. doomed to the cruel death of a martyr,

from Recollections of Early ChildOn the first day of the week, very looked up to heaven and cried: ".. -. I

hood.") early in the morning, Mary Magdasee the heavens opened, and the Son

lene and the other Mary came unto of man standing on the right hand of

And who can fail to be sobered by the sepulcher. To their astonishment, God."(Acts 7:56.) Saul, on the road

the declaration of the prophet Jerethe body of their Lord was gone. Luke to Damascus, had a vision of the risen,

miah: "Then the word of the Lord records that two men in shining exalted Christ. Peter and John also

came unto me, saying, garments stood by them and said: testified of the risen Christ.

"Before I formed thee in the belly I "Why seek ye the living among the Who can help but be penetrated by knew thee; and before thou earnest dead? the stirring testimony of Paul at

forth out of the womb I sanctified thee, "He is not here, but is risen...."Corinth? He declared "that Christ died

and I ordained thee a prophet unto the (Luke 24:1, 5-6.) Job's question, "If for our sins according to the scriptures;

nations."(Jer. 1:4-5.) a man die, shall he live again?"had "And that he was buried, and that

In the wisdom of God, an earth was just been answered. he rose again the third day according

created upon which man might dwell. The sacred scripture records the to the scriptures:

Genesis records that the earth was events following his ascension. Flow- "And... was seen of Cephas, then

without form and void, and darkness ever, today, as always, the skeptic's of the twelve;

was upon the face of the deep. Then voice challenges the word of God, and "After that, he was seen of above

God said, "Let there be light: and each man must choose to whom he five hundred brethren at once; of whom

there was light."shall listen. Clarence Darrow, the the greater part remain unto this

"Let there be a firmament...,"and famous lawyer and agnostic, declared, present....

there was a firmament. "No life is of much value, and every "After that, he was seen of James;

"Let the earth bring forth grass,..."death is but a little loss."Schopenthen of all the apostles.

and the earth brought forth grass. hauer, the German philosopher and And "... he was seen of me...."

(Gen. 1:3, 6, 11.) He made the fowls pessimist, wrote: "To desire immortal- (I Cor. 15:3-8.)

of the air, the creatures of the water, ity is to desire the eternal perpetuation To the agnostic, the skeptic, the rethe beasts of the earth. of a great mistake."And to their words viler, I ask, "Agnostic, can you anAnd then "God created man in his are added those of new r generations as swer?""Skeptic, can you save?"

own image, in the image of God crefoolish men crucify the Christ anew. "Reviler, can you redeem?"

ated he him; male and female created For they modify his miracles, doubt God the Eternal Father spoke to the

he them."(Gen. 1:27.) To man was his divinity, and reject his resurrection. multitude on this continent and said:

given dominion over every living thing. Robert Blatchford, in his book God "Behold my Beloved Son, in whom I

Earth became a proving ground, a and My Neighbor attacked with vigor am well pleased, in whom I have gloritesting station, a provider of needed the accepted Christian beliefs, such as fied my name—hear ye him.

experience. God, Christ, prayer, and immortality. "... as they understood they cast

We laugh, we cry, we work, we play, He boldly asserted: "I claim to have their eyes up again towards heaven;

we love, we live. And then we die. proved everything I set out to prove so and behold, they saw a Man descendAnd dead we would remain but for fully and decisively that no Christian, ing out of heaven,...

one man and his mission, even Jesus however great or able he may be, can "... he stretched forth his hand and

of Nazareth. Born in a stable, cradled answer my arguments or shake my spake unto the people, saying:

in a manger, his birth fulfilled the incase."He surrounded himself with a "Behold, I am Jesus Christ, whom

spired pronouncements of many prophwall of skepticism. Then a surprising the prophets testified shall come into

ets. He was taught from on high. He thing happened. His wall suddenly the world.

provided the life, the light, and the crumbled to dust. He was left exposed "... I am the light and the life of

way. Multitudes followed him. Chiland undefended. Slowly he began to the world; and I have drunk out of

dren adored him. The haughty feel his way back to the faith he had that bitter cup which the Father hath

rejected him. He spoke in parables. scorned and ridiculed. What had given me, and have glorified the Father

He taught by example. He lived a caused this profound change in his in taking upon me the sins of the

perfect life. Through his ministry outlook? His wife died. With broken world "(3 Ne. 11:7-11.)

blind men saw, deaf men heard, and heart, he went into the room where "Arise and come forth unto me, that lame men walked. Even the dead relay all that was mortal of her. He ye may thrust your hands into my

turned to life. looked at the face he loved so well. side, and also that ye may feel the

Though the King of kings and Lord Coming out he said to a friend: "It is prints of the nails in my hands and in

of lords had come, he was accorded she and yet it is not she. Everything my feet, that ye may know that I am

the greeting given to an enemy or a is changed. Something that was there the God of Israel, and the God of the

traitor. There followed a mockery that before is taken away. She is not the whole earth, and have been slain for

some called a trial. Cries of "Crucify same. What can be gone if it be not the sins of the world.

him, crucify him,"filled the air. the soul?""And when they had all gone forth

(John 19:6.) Then commenced the Later he wrote: "Death is not what and had witnessed for themselves, they

climb to Calvary's Hill. some people imagine. It is only like did cry out with one accord, saying:

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Hosanna! Blessed be the name of you and your children journey to the the darkness of this world, against

the Most High God! And they did fall family home in Franklin, Idaho, where spiritual wickedness in high places."

down at the feet of Jesus, and did wortenderly and lovingly you will place (Eph. 6:1112.)

ship him."(3 Ne. 11:14, 1617.) the flowers of springtime on that tiny This profound admonition was preThis loving God who introduced his grave, your eyes may be moist with ceded by pertinent instructions that

crucified and resurrected Son was not tears, but your hearts will burn with impress the very present needs of to- a God lacking in body, parts, or pasthe knowledge that the bands of death day. There must be the love of a husfor love of a his wife that and the members band broken and phihave been a manmade God ofsions—the

wife for separated children husband, her family, and though of your has now our 'Fatherlosophy. Rather, God

ears with which to hear our prayers. by death, will one day be reunited to must be obedient to parents. The

He has eyes with which to see our share the blessings of eternal life. Apostle Paul drew a parallel between

actions. He has a mouth with which With all my heart and the fervency the reverence for and love of parents

to speak to us. He has a heart with of my soul, I lift up my voice in testiand children in the home to the love

which to feel compassion and love. He mony today as a special witness and of the Master for his Church, and then

is real. He is living. We are his childeclare that God does live. Jesus is concluded with these words: "Finally,

dren made in his image. We look his Son, the Only Begotten of the my brethren, be strong in the Lord,

like him and he looks like us. Father in the flesh. He is our Reand in the power of his might."(Eph.

This is the God who so loved the deemer; he is our Mediator with the 6:10.)

world that he gave his Only Begotten Father. He it was who died on the All with righteous desires are opSon that we might have everlasting cross to atone for our sins. He became posed to sin. Some years ago I parlife. the first fruit of the resurrection. Oh, ticipated in a panel discussion at the

To you, Wilma and Mark Shumway, sweet the joy this sentence gives, "I University of Utah with public offiand to all who have loved and lost know that my Redeemer lives!"and cials, businessmen, and a district judge,

a dear one, he provides the courage to may the whole world know it and live as well as professional men of the say, "... the Lord gave, and the by that knowledge, I humbly pray in university. The district judge made a

Lord hath taken away; blessed be the the name of Jesus Christ, the Lord and profound statement when he declared

name of the Lord."(Job 1:21.) As Savior. Amen. that the great need in the fight against

lawlessness, against immorality, against atheism, socialism, Communism, or other related ills is faith in the Lord

Jesus Christ. Our city attorney had

offi- a city I being comment him the That Ye May Be Able to Withstand cialaccompaniedat the time.me,To

as a weapon and a in the Evil Day ofagainstthe judgesin wasaboutsheerfaithstupidity

Harold B. Lee pompous display of religious bigotry.

I about the statement thought have Of the Council of the Twelve As of judge, recalled the a wise I have

My prayer is that what I say in faithful people asking these questions observation by one of my esteemed these next few moments may not be over and over again: Are we living in colleagues: "Beautiful roses,"he said,

out of harmony with what has seemed the last days? Is there a sure way we "do not grow unless the roots of the

to be the theme of this great confercan know the false from the true? parent bush are planted in rich, fertile

ence, which has, among other things, Does the Church take any position in soil—watered and cultivated and careimpressed upon us the vital importance these matters? Is the devil on the loose? fully nurtured by the hand of a master

of keeping the commandments of God Has the Church a defense against these gardener. Likewise, beautiful flowers

as an effective hedge against the evils terrifying circumstances? of virtue, honesty, integrity, or sobriety

of our day. Many questions are asked To all of these questions, the ando not blossom in a human soul unless

today as the disturbed conditions in swers are unwavering: Yes, we are his feet are firmly planted on a testithe world become more confusing and living in the last days. There are sure mony of the divine mission of the Lord

appalling to our people and to others guides to truth if church members will and Savior Jesus Christ."(Charles A.

who are shocked by the continuance of use them. The Church is a continuing Callis, formerly of the Council of the

undeclared wars and by the spectacle revolution against any and all norms Twelve.)

of government affairs and some private of society that fall below the gospel Despite the sarcasm of my nonmemand public businesses being dominated, standards. Within the gospel of Jesus ber attorney friend, the judge in the

in many instances, by official mandate Christ may be found the solution to panel discussion was right. My knowlrather than by due legislative processes. every problem confronting us that will edge of the Lord's word concerning sin

We see rebellion against the law, enable us to find happiness here and and my experience in dealing with which approaches anarchy when leadeternal life in the world to come. Yes, human problems have taught me that

ers openly incite riots against law and the devil is certainly on the loose. the judge was close to the mark. We

order; we are witnessing the constant The Church indeed has within itself must know the truth, for the truth only

parading of ugly and souldestroying, the most effective possible defense will make us free from the pitfalls of lewd, and provocative literature, against these ungodly and terrifying evil. Knowledge of and love for the

theatricals, and radio and television conditions. Son of God as a perfected being will

shows. We hear vicious attacks on My text for this brief address sets bring heaven close when temptations

public officials without the opporout in clearness the eternal contest are near.

tunity being given to them to make a with the evil forces among us. The The Apostle Paul closed his sermon

defense or a rebuttal to the evil diaApostle Paul admonished the Saints of to the Ephesians with these meaningtribes and character assassinations that Ephesus: ful words: "Stand therefore, having

tend to discourage worthy men from "Put on the whole armour of God, your loins girt about with truth, and accepting appointments to public ofthat ye may be # able to stand against having on the breastplate of righteousfices. These are but a few of the ills the wiles of the'devil. ness;

that afflict us in our socalled modern "For we wrestle not against flesh and "And your feet shod with the prepaage blood, but against principalities, ration of the gospel of peace;

In the midst of all this, we hear our against powers, against the rulers of "Above all, taking the shield of

JUNE 1956 521 faith, wherewith ye shall be able to "I say unto you, be one; and if ye Lord rather than of Satan, the mission

quench all the fiery darts of the are not one, ye are not mine."(D&C president told me.

wicked. 38:27.) We should all learn that the funda-

"And take the helmet of salvation, The absolute test of the divinity of mentals of gospel teachings are the and the sword of the Spirit, which is the calling of any officer in the Church Lord's weapons against evil and sins the word of God: is this: Is he in harmony with the of all kind, whether they be political

"Praying always with all prayer and brethren of that body to which he dangers, immorality, threatened family supplication in the Spirit, and watchbelongs? When we are out of harmony, disasters, or any other sinister afflicing thereunto with all perseverance we should look to ourselves first to find tions among us.

and supplication for all saints...."the way to unity. A wise man has One wise teacher, the superintendent

(Eph. 6:1418.) given us the key to his development in of California schools, has said: You

To the Corinthians, the Apostle Paul his unforgettable statement; here are don't train a boy to refrain from

set forth in plainness that his teachings his wise words: "If there was any 'key'burglary by teaching him how to

would not be from his learning in to this process of growing up, it lay manipulate the tumblers of a safe in secular fields in which he was a recogin the systematic effort I made to subthe dark; neither do you teach him to

nized scholar. His pledge to them as a ject myself to critical selfappraisal. As avoid immorality by teaching him all

preacher of righteousness and truth I came to know myself, I acquired a about sex in the school room. (Dr.

was significant: better understanding of other people."Max Rafferty, in The Salt Lake

"And I, brethren, when I came to (Bernard Baruch.) Tribune, 1964.) By the same token,

you, came not with excellency of Martin Harris, you remember, was you don't teach people to avoid Comspeech or of wisdom, declaring unto warned particularly to repent of his munism by telling them all about you the testimony of God. sins, for he sought the praise of Communism or to avoid murderous

"For I determined not to know any the world. (D&C 58:39.) I suppose the acts of violence by constantly telling

thing among you, save Jesus Christ, love of praise and adulation of the horror stories.

and him crucified.... world is the beginning of the downfall President David O. McKay has said

"That your faith should not stand of many men. Alma, a prophet of the it better than I can. "In these days of

in the wisdom of men, but in the Book of Mormon, seemed to make it uncertainty and unrest, libertyloving power of God."(1 Cor. 2:1-3, 5.) I clear that the sowing of the seeds of people's greatest responsibility and

would that all who are called to high hatred, suspicion, and contention in paramount duty is to preserve and places in the Church would determine, any organization is destructive of the proclaim the freedom of the individual, as did the Apostle to the Gentiles, to purpose of life and unbecoming to the his relationship to Deity, and the know and to preach nothing save Jesus children of God. necessity of obedience to the princiChrist and him crucified. This is a part of a great sermon ples of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Only

We are told plainly in the reveladelivered by this ancient prophet: thus will mankind find peace and haptions that the fruits of the true gospel "And he commanded them that they piness."(President David O. McKay,

of Jesus Christ are unity and harmony. should teach nothing save it were the The Improvement Era, Dec. 1962, p.

The following from a revelation while things which he had taught, and which 903.)

the Church was young and the leaders had been spoken by the mouth of the I should like to read that again beinexperienced plainly declares that the holy prophets. cause it is the key to what I am trying

gospel in its fullness was given to "Yea, even he commanded them to say: "In these days of uncertainty

overcome contention. Listen to his that they should preach nothing save and unrest, libertyloving people's

words: it were repentance and faith on the greatest responsibility and paramount

"Yea, and I will also bring to light Lord, who had redeemed his people. duty is to preserve and proclaim the

my gospel... and shall bring to light "And he commanded them that freedom of the individual, his relationthe true points of my doctrine, yea, there should be no contention one with ship to Deity, and the necessity of

and the only doctrine which is in me. another, but that they should look obedience to the principles of the

"And this I do that I may establish forward with one eye, having one faith gospel of Jesus Christ. Only thus will

my gospel, that there may not be so and one baptism, having their hearts mankind find peace and happiness."

much contention; yea, Satan doth stir knit together in unity and in love one The conclusions we must reach are

up the hearts of the people to contentowards another. inescapable as we ponder these protion concerning the points of my "And thus he commanded them to found declarations. One who has an

doctrine; and in these things they do preach. And thus they became the abiding conviction concerning God, who

err, for they do wrest the scriptures children of God."(Mosiah 18:1922.) has faith in his relationship to Deity

and do not understand them."(D&C A few years ago while touring the and the necessity of obedience to the

10:6263.) missions of South America, I heard principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ,

Then the Lord has declared somePresident William Grant Bangerter of who believes in and has a love for the thing more, which all of us as leaders the Brazilian Mission make some inSon of God, and who has a feeling of and teachers should heed: teresting comments. He reported that certainty as to the immortality of the

"Behold, this is my doctrine—whothere had been a wave of incidents in soul can successfully combat sin and

soever repenteth and cometh unto me, which evil spirits were afflicting the unrighteousness in any guise.

the same is my church. missionaries and the Saints. At every Ours, then, must be a positive rather

"Whosoever declareth more or less conference the missionaries were rethan a negative approach, as indicated than this, the same is not of me, but lating experiences they were having by these divine instructions. The Lord

is against me; therefore he is not of with evil spirits. The intensity of their has explained this in his preface to

my church. influence was frightening. The mishis revelations in our day, as he tells us

"And now, behold, whosoever is of sion president admonished them to the value of the scriptures and why the my church, and endureth of my church cease talking about the works of the fullness of gospel teachings was given to the end, him will I establish upon devil in the future and instead teach to us today. He said:

my rock, and the gates of hell shall with power the works of the Lord and "Wherefore, I the Lord, knowing not prevail against them. bear testimony of his works among the calamity which should come upon

"And now, remember the words of them. There was an almost immethe inhabitants of the earth, called

him who is the life and light of the diate cessation of the power of the upon my servant Joseph Smith, Jun.,

world, your Redeemer, your Lord and evil spirits when the people confined and spake unto him from heaven, and your God."(D&C 10:6770.) their testimonies to the works of the gave him commandments;

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "And also gave commandments to come fully involved in the great drive the world as prophesied when "many others, that they should proclaim these going forward in the Church today: people shall go and say, Come ye, and

things unto the world; and all this to impress parents with their responlet us go up to the mountain of the

that it might be fulfilled, which was sibility to teach their own families in Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob;

written by the prophets their homes and to have a completely and he will teach us of his ways, and "The weak things of the world shall correlated course of gospel teachings in we will walk in his paths...."(Isa.

come forth and break down the mighty church auxiliaries and priesthood quo- 2:3.)

and strong ones, that man should not rums for the children, the youth, and For that I pray humbly for all of us counsel his fellow man, neither trust the adults—all to the end that we as individuals and for the Church

in the arm of flesh might develop a gospel scholarship in collectively.

"But that every man might speak the individual that will withstand The Master closed his last recorded in the name of God the Lord, even the in this evil day the forces that, without sermon prior to his crucifixion with

Savior of the world; this abiding testimony of the gospel, the words: "These things I have spoken

"That faith also might increase in would make us and our children prey unto you, that in me ye might have the earth; to all the vices and false ideologies in peace. In the world ye shall have

"That mine everlasting covenant the world. tribulation: but be of good cheer; I

might be established; May the Lord continue to pour out have overcome the world."(John

"That the fulness of my gospel his knowledge upon his Church and 16:33.)

might be proclaimed by the weak and give to all who are members, and in- I humbly bear solemn witness to the the simple unto the ends of the world, deed to all the honorable of the earth, life and mission of our Lord and Masand before kings and rulers. attentive minds and obedient hearts, ter, the Prince of Peace, in the name

"Behold, I am God and have spoken that he may indeed be an ensign to of Jesus Christ. Amen.

it; these commandments are of me,

servants in givenand were unto my aftertheir of Saturday Afternoon Session, April 9, 1966 weakness, the manner their language, that they might come to understanding.

"And inasmuch as they erred it might be made known;

"And inasmuch as they sought wisthey instructed; might bedom

as inasmuch they sinned they Hidden Wedges "And might be chastened, that they might Spencer W. Kimball

repent; Of the Council of the Twelve

"And inasmuch as they were humble they might be made strong, and One night I lay awake thinking stead. The sawmill had then only

blessed from on high, and receive through the problems of the day. All recently been moved from the valley,

knowledge from time to time."(D&C week there had filed by my desk peoand the settlers were still finding tools

1:1728.) ple—wonderful people—some bowed in and odd pieces of equipment scattered

How much clearer can the Lord tell grief and anguish of soul; others learnabout....

us the value of the gospel in keeping ing repentance through life's penalties; "On this particular day, it was a

us from following false leaders up some frustrated in their marital upsets, faller's wedge—wide, flat, and heavy,

blind alleys? in their moral aberrations, in their a foot or more long, and splayed from

The Lord has sounded a warning to financial reverses, and in their spiritual mighty poundings. The path from the

all of us who hold responsible places deficiencies. south pasture did not pass the woodin his kingdom in this day. These people were good people shed; and, because he was already late

Said he: basically; but as they traveled, they for dinner, the lad laid the wedge...

"But there is a possibility that man had found difficulty in staying on the between the limbs of the young walnut may fall from grace and depart from main thoroughfare and had deviated tree his father had planted near the the living God; pn side roads; they had forgotten covefront gate. He would take the wedge

"Therefore let the church take heed nants and postponed putting into effect to the shed right after dinner, or someand pray always, lest they fall into their good resolutions. time when he was going that way.

temptation; There came to my mind an article "He truly meant to, but he never

"Yea, and even let those who are by Samuel T. Whitman entitled "Fordid. It was there between the limbs,

sanctified take heed also."(D&C 20:32gotten Wedges."I had learned to use a little tight, when he attained his

34.) The sanctified, as defined, are wedges when I was a lad in Arizona, manhood. It was there, now firmly

those who have a holiness of life and it being my duty to supply wood for gripped, when he married and took character—those who may have titles many fires in the big house. May I over his father's farm. It was half

of high places in the Church. quote Whitman: grown over on the day the threshing

A President of the Church has told "The ice storm wasn't generally decrew ate dinner under the tree....

us where we may expect to find false structive. True, a few wires came Grown in and healed over, the wedge

leaders: down, and there was a sudden jump was still in the tree the winter the ice

"First,"he said, "The hopelessly in accidents along the highway. Walkstorm came.

ignorant, whose lack of intelligence is ing out of doors became unpleasant "In the chill silence of that wintry due"Second—-Theto their indolenceproud andand selfvaunt-sloth.... weather,and difficult.but it wasIt notwas serious.disagreeableNornight,down andwith freezingthe mistwherelike rainit fell,siftingone

ing ones, who read by the lamp of mally, the big walnut tree could easily of the three major limbs split away their own conceit; who interpret by have borne the weight that formed on from the trunk and crashed to the

rules of their own contriving; who have its spreading limbs. It was the iron ground. This so unbalanced the rebecome a law unto themselves, and so wedge in its heart that caused the mainder of the top that it, too, split

pose as the sole judges of their own damage. apart and went down. When the storm

doings."(President Joseph F. Smith, "The story of the iron wedge began was over, not a twig of the onceGospel Doctrine, twelfth ed., p. 373.) years ago when the whitehaired proud tree remained.

Ours is the great responsibility to befarmer was a lad on his father's home- "Early the next morning, the farmer

JUNE 1966 523 went out to mourn his loss. 'Wouldn't hold of me like an octopus. Someday upon my knee long years ago. His

have had that happen for a thousand I'll conquer it."Yes, someday! But smile was beautiful and his laugh condollars,'he said. 'Prettiest tree in the the days sped into years; his hair betagious. He grew into handsome manvalley, that was.'came thinner, his complexion more hood, but as he went through his

"Then, his eyes caught sight of somesallow; and there finally came a cough teens, he carelessly threw into the

thing in the splintered ruin. 'The—a little hacking cough. It worried forks of his walnut tree a bottle. In

wedge,'he muttered reproachfully. us who appreciated his good qualities, his sober moments he admitted it was

'The wedge I found in the south pasbut there was little we could do. bad for him. Tomorrow he would disture.'A glance told him why the tree I moved to Utah and saw him no card this little devil, his master. Yes,

had fallen. Growing edgeup in the more for many years. Time put on its tomorrow!

trunk, the wedge had prevented the running shoes, and years piled up; and When he was married, the bottle

limb fibers from knitting together as one day I was on assignment in wedge was still in the tree and the they should."Phoenix when a mutual friend, knowfibers encasing it. With a hollow

Forgotten wedges! Hidden weaking my affection for John, said, "Did laugh, he passed it off and said he

nesses grown over and invisible, waityou know he is in the hospital dying could certainly remove it tomorrow.

ing until some winter night to work of lung cancer?"Dropping everything, The cursed thing was there when the

their ruin. What better symbolizes the I rushed to the hospital but almost too children came. They loved this handpresence and the effect of sin in our late. There he lay propped up in his some dad! Yet, sometimes came strange

lives? bed, breathing irregular, painful gasps. situations they could not understand.

This brings to my memory some I was glad he recognized me even for Hardly could they believe this was verses I heard long years ago entitled: that single moment. His forced smile their dad, so different he was at times

froze. His light went out. He had more and more frequent.

Jim Died Today certainly intended to overcome the This bottle wedge was still there habit, especially after scientific research when the children were in their teens.

Around the corner I have a friend, had confirmed the Lord's revelation, They still could not comprehend how

In this great city which has no end; but his master dictator decreed othertheir father could be Dr. Jekyll yesterwise. day and Mr. Hyde today, so wonderful

Yet, days go by and weeks rush on, Here he had lain in fear and alone, he was when sober. Procrastination

And before I know it a year has gone. facing the inevitable. The cancer was and the bottle wedge became deeper

too deep, too scattered, too entrenched. and deeper in his tree and engulfed

And I never see my old friend's face; I trembled as I saw him die, this by it. He had about reached the point

For life is a swift and terrible race. of no return.

Years passed, and he entered my life

He knows I like him just as well again. He borrowed two dollars. On

As in the days when I rang his bell the spur of the moment, I did not realize what two dollars would buy

And he rang mine. We were younger and how desperate one could be for

then what two dollars would purchase. His

And now we are busy tired men hair was gray, his body sloppy fat, his eyes bleary, his laugh hollow. His

Tired with playing the foolish game; children were now on their own. One

Tired with trying to make a name; son had died in a tavern, one had

divorced three times. One day I found

Tomorrow, I say, I will call on Jim, him in the gutter. The storm had

Just to show I'm thinking of him. come, the wedge was deeply imbedded.

Yesterday, with self control, he could

But tomorrow comes and tomorrow have defeated his enemy and been goes; headed toward thrones and exaltations,

And the distance between us grows but the yesterdays became tomorrows.

and grows And, as I helped him out of the gutter and for a moment to stand upon his

Around the corner! Yet miles away—friend of thirty years. He might have feet, I sorrowed and rememberedHere's a telegram, sir—"Jim died lived yet many years in health and wedges—hidden wedges.

today!"happiness. And as I stood in awe and And, as I saw him fettered and enwith head bowed low, I remembered slaved, there came to my memory a

And that's what we get—and deserve another great tree that could not stand paragraph from a modern writer,

in the end the storm because of forgotten wedges, which I paraphrase:

Around the corner, a vanished friend. slow deathdealing wedges. Tomorrow History, which had yawned for thouhe would have thrown his cigarettes sands of years, stirred on her dustAnd, as I thought of Jim, I thought away, but that recreant tomorrow, that covered couch, opened her eyes, and

also of John, my trusted friend. He was procrastinating tomorrow that supsaw one more son of God become a

well regarded in his community, honposedly never comes, was here. There fettered slave. She sighed, sat up,

orable in business dealings, kindly. He would now never be another cigarette. shook the dust from the pages of her

frankly admitted his principal weakThe wedges had seen to that. And voluminous book, glanced at the long

ness. John was an inveterate chain then there came to me the words of list of victims, turned a fresh page,

smoker. Always a cigarette hung beRalph Parlett: took up her pen and moistened it, and

tween his lips. It seemed as much a "Strength and struggle travel towrote another name.

part of him as his ear or nose or finger. gether. The supreme reward of struggle "It is an old tale,"she said, tiredly

Sometimes we joked about his insepais strength. Life is a battle and the and hopelessly, as her old bones moved

rable companion. He always chuckled greatest joy is to overcome. The purwearily to record again. "Millions

and said, "Everybody is entitled to one suit of easy things makes men have followed this highway through weakness."And then in more sober weak...."the ages of the past,"she said, "demoments, he would become pensive My thoughts shifted to a little boy priving spouses, neglecting children,

and say, "I know it is bad, but it has in Arizona with curly hair who sat corrupting lives, destroying character."

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Then she remonstrated, "Why can I There is no other limitation in either year, meaning to clear them up some never sleep? Why must I continue on, direction. And this law is the expresday; you who are keeping wretched

recordingcivilizations—willdistortedmenlives,nevercorruptedlearn?"sion"Heof whoeternalcannotjustice.establish a dominquarrelsmake upaliveyourbecausemind youthat cannotnow isquitethe

(Taylor Caldwell, The Earth Is the ion over himself will have no dominion day to sacrifice your pride and kill

Lord's, p. 414.) over others, he who masters himself them; you who are passing men sulHere were bottle wedges! the winds shall be king."lenly upon the street, not speaking to

and whirlwind wedges, broken trees Then came the couple from Texas. them out of some silly spite, and yet

split open, branchless treemade skeleIn their prolonged conflicts, selfishness, knowing that it would fill you with tons. and stubbornness, a wide chasm had shame and remorse if you heard that

And then I remembered Bill. His deepened between them. Their relaone of those men were dead tomorrow

was also a sad story. His beginnings tives mourned for them, their leaders morning; you who are letting your

were auspicious, his backgrounds good. struggled with them, and their innoneighbor starve, till you hear that he

Even his home life was better than cent children suffered from frustration, is dying of starvation; or letting your

average, but he was tiring of restraints. rebellion, and delinquency because of friend's heart ache for a word of appreHe would enlist in the military these two potentially great souls. The ciation or sympathy which you mean

service, where he could do what he beautiful love of 16 years ago was fast to give him some day; if you only

wanted to do. A short training period changing to hate; the longago trust could know and see and feel, all of a

and he was shipped abroad. Saigon was turning to bitterness; each was sudden, that 'the time is short.'How

was an intriguing city with its great bent upon reforming the other. Arguit would break the spell! How you

river, its exotic nature, its strange ment, pressures, levers, and threats would go instantly and do the thing people. were used to bend the other to his and which you might never have another

One day he relaxed his hold, yielded her will. And while they quarreled chance to do!"

to impulse, made a contact that and manufactured venom in their inAnd then, I applied the wedge him—adropped worldhim intoof asin.foreignHis worldtrainingto criminationsshriveled andandwrinkledrecriminations,and dwarfed.they storya centuryin anotherthe livingarea. gospelFor morehas beenthan

came to his rescue and brought him to The former great gentleman became a restored on the earth, and tens of his knees in repentance. But the quarrelsome antagonist; the former thousands of missionaries have promemory of man is short, and the sensalovely lady became a shrew. Two claimed to millions the true message.

tions and demands of the carnal are selfish people degenerated to wizened Their testimonies have touched many insistent; and with abandon, he threw little pygmies. Their wedges had now hearts that said, "Yes,"but whose

his wedge into the forks of his walnut lips with human fears resisted their tree. Some day he would remove the accepting the gospel toward their

wedge and put it away where it eternal welfare. They have trembled

belonged. as the Holy Ghost whispered to their

Under some pressures from assospirits, "It is true—embrace it,"and yet

ciates, he began to smoke and then to poor excuses caused their postponing drink, his inhibitions smothered. With action. Numerous are those who all

his wedge in the forks of his tree, he over the world have received the witwas uncomfortable at first and his conness that the gospel is true, yet have science hurt, but soon he seared it. postponed baptism. Great numbers

Many months passed, and his military have heard of the additional scripture, stint was nearing the end. On one of the Book of Mormon, which contains

the many occasions when he had imthe fullness of the gospel, yet never bibed too freely, he pulled from his have absorbed its truths. A million

pocket a handful of coins and boasted copies of it found their way in a milloudly, "With these coins I can buy lion home libraries last year and other every kind of sin in the book."And he millions previously, yet procrastinatheedlessly proceeded to make his puring people have failed to complete

chase. Long ago he had ceased to their investigation and have remained

pray. How could he ask the Lord's been long in the tree. Some day he estranged. "Tomorrow I will read it,"

blessings upon his sinful acts, perverwould conquer her. Some day she they say; "another day I will invite

sions, and aberrations? Not long now would win, justifying her position. the missionaries to teach me."But

and he would be done with this war Yes, they would tomorrow correct their tomorrow is a sluggard and shifts business and would return to normal errors, swallow their pride, neutralize along on leaden feet, and life goes on, life. Surely he would remove the their selfishness, and remove the and storms do come, and limbs are

wedge then. wedge, but already it was tight in the split, and trees do fall, and eternity

He did go home, but by now his forks. approaches, and our sincere call 'goes

mischief was entrenched, his habits Oh, how blind is selfcentered, unheeded.

of thought and action too deeply imselfish man, with his ugly wedges! Percy Adams Hutchison (1878- )

bedded, his willpower too weak. These folks may never.get their gave this verse in his "Swordless

Fibers had grown over the wedge. "chariot of the sun"as expressed by Christ"(Vicisti Galilee, stanza 1)

Nothing short of major tree surgery Ralph Waldo Emerson:

could remove it now. "Every man takes care that his "Ay, down the years, behold he rides,

And then I remembered the story of neighbor shall not cheat him. But a The lowly Christ, upon an ass;

the young farmer grown old and the day comes when he begins to care that But conquering? Ten shall heed the

walnut tree split apart, and I thought he does not cheat his neighbor. Then call,

again: Forgotten wedges! Hidden all goes well. He has changed his A thousand idly watch him pass."

wedges! And my heart was heavy. market cart into a chariot of the sun."

Then Horace Greeley's words came to And Phillips Brooks addressed such And I wondered how many tens of me: who permit themselves hatred and thousands did hear his voice, felt an

"The height of a man's success is bitterness: inner twinge of heart, felt impelled

gauged by his selfmastery; the depth "You who are letting miserable misto follow, but lingered and proof his failure by his selfabandonment. understandings run on from year to crastinated.

JUNE 1966 525 How many saw his smile and heard promise a delayedaction husband and service and sacrifice. Only righteoushis sermons on the mount and were wife. "Some day, when they apoloness can exalt a nation and an individpricked in their hearts, but stopped gize, I'll forgive those who injured ual. History has so proved. This was

to eat and sleep and work and play, me,"small souls say. "Some day I'll true 3,000 years ago and it is true

and failed to heed? get my debts paid.""We'll get around today.

Numerous ones must have jostled soon to having our family prayers, Roger Babson once said: "When

him in narrow streets of Jerusalem and next week we'll start our home Jesus appealed to people to give to the and turned around and looked the evenings.""We shall start paying poor, He... had in mind the good

second time at him whom they had tithing from our next pay check."Toof the giver even more than the good

touched, tomorrow. but the recipient."of went their way (Roger Babson, W. to daily morrow—yes,

their opportunity.tasks missed quote more lines from and And then, we [PhiladelInflation If Further Comes

How many heard the story of his Whitman: phia: J. B. Lippincott Company,

walking on the water but were too "Pride, envy, selfishness, dishonesty, 1950], p. 201.)

busy with their selling fish in the intemperance, doubt, secret passions He also said that the safest hedge market or herding sheep to ask the almost numberless in variety and deagainst inflation is the Ten Comvital reasons and fathom the deep gree are the wedges of sin. And alas! mandments, especially the last, "Thou

powers? almost numberless are the men and. shalt not covet...."He refers to

How many who saw him hanging women who today are allowing sin to changes that have come, like universal there upon the cross saw only wood grow in the heart wood of their lives. suffrage, the increase in transportation

beams and nails and flesh and blood "The wedge is there. We know it is by means of the automobile and the

and made no effort to penetrate the there. We put it there ourselves one airplane, the increase in vision through

purposes and the reasons: how one day, when we were hurried and motion pictures and television. "Hearcould choose to die such an ignothoughtless. It shouldn't be there, of ing,"said he, "has multiplied a thouminious death; how one could be so course. It is harming the tree. But sand times through the radio. Yet in

controlled in time of such excruciating we are busy so we leave it there; and the same period there has been almost

pain; what were the reasons behind in time, it grows over and we forget. no increase in the nation's character.

such treatment; what were the deep The years slip swiftly by. Wintertime... A sane faith and philosophy of

purposes; who was this "author of comes with its storms and ice. The life life is of greater economic importance

eternal salvation unto all them that we prized so much goes down in the than the gold content of the dollar."

obey him"? (Heb. 5:9.) unspeakable loss of spiritual disaster. (Ibid, p. 205.)

How many felt the stir that comes For years after the wedge had grown I believe the United States of Amerin human breasts when truth, pressed over, the tree flourished and gave no ica will be free from bondage, in upon them but pressured by minor sign of its inner weakness. Thus it is economic and otherwise, "... if they

exigencies, moves far away from their with sin. will but serve the God of the land,

eternal destiny? "Many a fine house on many a fine who is Jesus Christ...."(Eth. 2:12.)

And then I think: Procrastination street has a wedge of sin within its There is only one plan by which

thou wretched thief of time and opporelegance. And many a man who humanity can be saved and preserved,

tunity! walks the streets in pride and arroand that is the gospel of Jesus Christ

When will men stand true to their gance of worldly success is an in all of its wide ramifications.

sinner before Neverunrepentant God. inspired yearnings?onetime so rapidly forward have moved We

is in there the the and wedge take care postpone the theless, Let those who that in the various have avenues we is tree, split fallen a workclearing end of its habits of of conand bad lost bearings. Thoughtlessness our and

structively doing what they ought. and shattered and worthless."expediency dominate our efforts to suc-

"Some day I'll join the Church,"says May the Lord bless us all that we ceed.

one. "I'll cease my drinking soon,"may early recognize and remember and The other night I asked a group of

says another. "One day I'll smoke no remove all wedges before they wreak teenagers to read the story of the

more,"others pledge. "Some day we'll their havoc in our lives, I pray in the Prodigal Son. Charles Dickens said:

be ready for our temple sealings,"name of Jesus Christ. Amen. "It is the most beautiful story ever

told."It is not difficult to picture

that wayward son as he returned to—inhis home,rags anddisappointedtatters. Heandhad ashamedlost his

inheritance, he had wasted his substance in riotous living, he had thrown

Truth Will Prevail nowaway backhis whereopportunities,he started.and he was

Alma Sonne I reminded these youngsters that the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve greatestis a misspenttragedylife.in humanHaphazardexperienceuse of

My brethren and sisters: Elder a catastrophe. I am sure a spiritual time, money, and energy means a poor

Kimball's remarks reminded me of the revival would solve many problems in return, devoid of satisfaction and first memory gem I learned in Primary: our country and elsewhere. fraught with failure and uncertainty.

But when all is said and done, the The young people to whom I refer are "Defer not till tomorrow to be wise, best hedge against inflation is the the homemakers of tomorrow and the

Tomorrow's sun to thee may never character of the people. New ideas, future citizens of our country.

rise."new methods, new departures from the To me there is no grander spectacle

(William Congreve, beaten path will come and go, but in this world than that of a young

Letter to Cobham.) fundamental things like thrift, selfman and a young woman kneeling at

reliance, and hard work will be rethe altar and joining hands in holy

Economically, the world at present stored in the final solution. Security wedlock and pledging to each other

is disturbed about inflation. And it does not come without preparation. their love and devotion for time and

has been stated that only a spiritual Health and happiness cannot be all eternity. It makes for stability.

revival can prevent it from becoming bought or given. They are products of Such a union is not easily severed. It

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is a sacred covenant which cannot be than a passive belief. It is the motive I think, generally speaking, it was

broken except by sin and wrongdoing. power in men's lives. the opinion of all the Latterday Saints

There is an old proverb that reads: A man of faith makes decisions who met there. They were solid and

"... thou shalt deliver him the pledge every day because of that faith; he sound in their beliefs. They were now

again when the sun goeth down...."knows where he is going; he rejects the free to worship God in their own way.

(Deut. 24:13.) In modern language it unproven sophistries of the world; he Their chief concern was the success of

means: Keep your promises and hold can withstand the infidelity, the cynitheir settlements made "... far away

sacred your covenants. cism, the ridicule, and the groundless in the West...."("Come, Come, ye

The task before us is to safeguard arguments of those who live without Saints,"Hymns, 13.) As I read their

the moral and spiritual agencies reresponsibility to God and without a history and review their achievements, quired to preserve a healthy and Godprogram to guide them through the I conclude they were not mistaken nor inspired civilization. journey of life. led astray by selfish leaders. They had

The rockfoundation of such a civiliThose who deny God and his manifound the truth—the truth which, as

zation is a firm faith in the true and festations are a multitude in our day. Jesus taught, would make them free.

living God. Without such faith the They proceed without guide or comThey read the Bible, the Book of

soul has no anchorage and life has pass. Their aims and ambitions are Mormon, the Pearl of Great Price, and

no purpose. centered in the things of earth, and modern revelations. The contents of

The unbeliever has no program, their conception of right and wrong is these books were facts, not opinions.

He sees no future, he prepares for blurred. The prophets did not speculate. They

none; Our mission as a Church is to teach spoke as one who knows. There are no

He does not hear the voice of the the unbelievers and the uninformed the books so positive and forthright as the prophets, message of faith as it pertains to the scriptures, modern and ancient. The

He has not looked beneath the crust gospel and the divine callings of Jesus prophets did not support their mesof things, Christ and Joseph Smith. sages by argument. These messages

He flounders and stumbles, There is no other way, and the were selfevident.

He lives in a vacuum; Church feels keenly its responsibility Most of the pioneers who came to the

He has no road to the future in this respect. valleys of the mountains are now gone.

And no rewards for right living. As a boy I remember attending They had faced relentless opposition

He is negative, doubtful, and unchurch in a modest meetinghouse built and severe persecution, but here they progressive. To him death is the end, by the early settlers of Cache Valley. were in their Zion, worshipping the

and all hope is gone. My memory of that old chapel is very true and living God. It was all in fulTo avoid the pitfalls of skepticism, dim, but I recall the design painted fillment of prophecy and they were

our faith must be nourished and foson the wall behind the stand. On it happy and satisfied. Their spirit was

tered by prayerful investigation, diliwere three messages. unconquerable, their faith never

gent research, and scriptural study, for In bold lettering on the top were the flagged, and their perseverance and

God's plan of regeneration must be words: "Holiness to the Lord."It sugpowers of endurance were remarkable.

known to his children. Men cannot be gested worship. Below this expression Their example of devotion and steadsaved in ignorance. The Church supof faith was another one which read: fastness has not been in vain. As a

plies the means and facilities for our "Truth will prevail."Still further people we are proud of their achievegrowth and development. We are livdown and near the bottom were the ments. We are equally proud of presing in a day when our faith in the words: "Truth crushed to earth will ent accomplishments, and we glory in

eternal values must be strengthened. rise again."To me as a boy it meant the prospects for the future.

We build our own fortifications against one thing, the restored gospel of May God's kingdom grow and inevil. Christ. Truth was synonymous with crease until the earth is full of those

The great work which our Eternal Mormonism so called, and.a revealed who love the Lord their God, I pray

Father has founded is destined to fill truth. in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

the whole earth. It will not fail, and

no power, however great, can stop its progress. Small as it was in the beginning, destitute of influence and worldly

advantages, it is a power that will continue to grow and increase. It will go

forward through the power that is in

it.

it unless understood be It cannot be Scriptural Witness of Jesus Christ faith,"for the eye of with"viewed it is the product of faith. In other Bruce R. McConkie

words, the person or persons who seek Of the First Council of the Seventy to understand it must have some knowledge of the power that founded An apostle is a special witness of this man who is now God's prophet on it, the power that sustains it, and the Christ. This morning we heard Presiearth has stood as a light and a pillar

power that goes with it in its operadent David O. McKay, the senior aposof spiritual strength to the Church and

tions in the world. tle of God on earth, bear an inspired to the world.

The Lord will never forsake his and fervent testimony of the divine With all of you I rejoice and thank servants who stand at the head of his sonship of our Lord. God for the ministry of that man who

Church in any hour of extremity, when I think it would be of interest to the is the President of The Church of Jesus even strong men are tested and tried conference to know that it was on April Christ of Latterday Saints, who is the and when calamities and upheavals 9, 1906, exactly 60 years ago today, presiding high priest of God on earth, are threatening the stability and wisthat President David O. McKay was who in literal reality is an apostle, a

dom of men and nations. ordained an apostle, a special witness prophet, a man of God, a man whom

Faith in God, in the immortality of of the Lord, a special witness of him the Lord loves.

the soul, and in the words of the who has redeemed us with his blood. In this connection may I also note

prophets, living and dead, is more Since that day, threescore years ago, that it was on April 7, 1910, fiftysix

JUNE 1966 527

years ago, that President Joseph FieldBook of Mormon, in the which is the "In this holy writ, in these gospel ing Smith, also an oracle of God, was fulness of my gospel."(D&C 42:12.) accounts, in these testimonies of the

ordained to the holy apostleship to Thus we find Jesus saying: life of our Lord

stand with President McKay in direct- "Search the prophets...,"(3 Ne. "We see Jesus—the Almighty, the

ing the affairs of God's kingdom on 23:5.) Creator of all things from the beginearth. "Search the scriptures; for... they ning—receiving a tabernacle of clay in

That Jesus, of whom President are they which testify of me."(John the womb of Mary.

McKay testified this morning, issued 5:39.) "We stand by an Infant in a manthis invitation, "Come unto me.... "Yea, a commandment I give unto ger and hear heavenly voices hail his

"Take my yoke upon you, and learn you that ye search these things dilibirth.

of me...."(Matt. 11:2829.) gently...."(3 Ne. 23:1.) "We observe him teaching in the

He also said, "... this is life eternal, Christ is the great exemplar, the temple and confounding the worldly

that they might know thee the only prototype of perfection and salvation: wise when but twelve years of age.

true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou "... he said unto the children of men: "We watch him in Jordan, immersed

hast sent."(John 17:3.) Follow thou me...."(2 Ne. 31:10.) under the hands of John, while the

To know God in that full sense Also: "... what manner of men heavens open and the personage of the

which will enable us to gain eternal ought ye to be? Verily I say unto you, Holy Ghost descends like a dove; and

salvation means that we must know even as I am."(3 Ne. 27:27.) we hear the voice of the Father speak

what he knows, enjoy what he enjoys, I know of no better way to respond approving words.

experience what he experiences. In New to Jesus'invitation, "learn of me""We go with him into a wilderness

Testament language, we must "be like (Matt. 10:29), than to study the scripplace apart and behold the devil come,

him."(1 John 3:2.) tures with a prayerful heart. tempting, enticing, seeking to lead him

But before we can become like him, I know of no better way to heed his from Goddirected paths.

we must obey those laws that will counsel, "follow thou me,"than to live "We view in wonder and amazement enable us to acquire the character, in harmony with the truths recorded his miracles: He speaks and the blind

perfections, and attributes that he in the scriptures, for as Nephi asked, see; at his touch the deaf hear; he compossesses. "... can we follow Jesus save we mands and the lame leap, paralytics

And before we can obey these laws, shall be willing to keep the commandrise from their beds, lepers are we must learn what they are; we must ments of the Father?"(2 Ne. 31:10.) cleansed, and devils desert their illlearn of Christ and his gospel. We The Old Testament prophets reveal gotten abodes.

must learn "that salvation was, and Christ's laws and foretell his Messianic "We rejoice at the miracle of sinis, and is to come, in and through the ministry. crippled souls being made whole, of

atoning blood of Christ, the Lord The Doctrine and Covenants records disciples who forsake all to follow him,

Omnipotent."(Mosiah 3:18.) We his mind and will and voice as he of saints who are born again.

must learn that baptism under the speaks to men in our day. "We stand in awe as the elements

hands of a legal administrator is esThe Book of Mormon is an American obey his voice: He walks on the water;

sential to salvation and that after witness of his divine sonship which has at his word storms cease; he curses the

baptism we must keep the commandcome forth "to the convincing of the fig tree and it withers; water becomes

ments and "press forward with a steadJew and Gentile that Jesus is the wine when he wills it; a few small

fastness in Christ, having a perfect Christ, the Eternal God, manifesting fish and a little bread feed thousands brightness of hope, and a love of God himself unto all nations."(Book of because of his word.

and of all men."(2 Ne. 31:20.) Mormon title page.) "We sit with the Lord of life, as a

Our revelation says: "The glory of The New Testament contains the man, in the intimacy of a family cirGod is intelligence, or, in other words, witness of the ancient apostles that he cle in Bethany; we weep with him at

light and truth."(D&C 93:36.) ministered among men and set up his Lazarus'tomb; we fast and pray at his

Joseph Smith taught that "a man is earthly kingdom in the meridian of side when he communes with his saved no faster than he gets knowltime. Father; we eat and sleep with him and

edge"of God and his saving truths I recently finished, primarily for my walk with him down the lanes and in (Teachings of the Prophet Joseph own personal enlightenment, an intenthe villages of Palestine; we see him

Smith, p. 217) and that "it is impossive, prayerful, and organized study of hungry, thirsty, weary, and marvel that

sible for a man to be saved in ignothe four Gospels—Matthew, Mark, a God should seek such mortalrance"of Jesus Christ and the laws Luke, and John—those inspired acexperiences.

of his gospel. (D&C 131:6.) counts that speak plainly of our Lord's "We drink deeply of his teachings;

We believe in gospel scholarship. mortal ministry. we hear parables such as never man

We think that devout men everyAfter concluding this study, I respake before; we learn what it means

where, in and out of the Church, corded my views and sentiments conto hear one with authority announce should seek spiritual truth, should cerning the gospel accounts in these his Father's doctrine.

come to know God, should learn his words "We see him:

laws, and should strive to live in "And so endeth the gospels "In sorrow—weeping for his friends,

harmony with them. There are no "Those sacred scriptures which tell lamenting over doomed Jerusalem;

truths as important as those that perof the birth, ministry, mission, atoning "In compassion—forgiving sins, cartain to God and his gospel, to the pure sacrifice, resurrection, and ascension of ing for his mother, making men whole

religion that he has revealed, to the the Son of God; spiritually and physically;

terms and conditions whereby we may "Those revealed records which teach "In anger—cleansing his Father's

gain an inheritance with him in his with power and conviction the eternal house, blazing forth with righteous inkingdom. truths which men must believe to gain dignation at its desecration;

salvation in Jerusalem "In God's find Deity kingdom; commanding: Thus we triumph—entering

..."histories shouts Son of true these of hosanna to the of the life of amid "Search commandments. "Those

(D&C 1:37.) Christ which lead men to love the Lord David, transfigured before his disciples

"... study my word which hath and to keep his commandments; on the mount, standing in resurrected

gone forth among the children of "Those sacred and solemn testiglory on a mountain in Galilee.

men...."(D&C 11:22.) monies which open the door to the "We recline with him in an upper

"... teach the principles of my gosreceipt of peace in this life and eternal room, apart from the world, and hear

pel, which are in the Bible and the life in the world to come. some of the greatest sermons of all time

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as we partake of the emblems of his himself to the world so that all men While in the wilderness the prophet flesh and blood. could know those holy beings whom Nephi was instructed by the Lord to

"We pray with him in Gethsemane to know is eternal life. construct a vessel in which to cross

and tremble under the weight of the "And now what shall we say more the mighty waters. To his doubting

burden he bore as great drops of blood of Christ? Whose Son is he? What brothers this appeared to be an imposcome from every pore; we bow our works hath he wrought? Who today sible task. But Nephi knew that it

heads in shame as Judas plants the can testify of these things? could be done and began fashioning

traitor's kiss. "Let it now be written once again tools and accumulating materials for

"We stand at his side before Annas and it is the testimony of all the prophhis important assignment. When he

and again before Caiaphas; we go with ets of all the ages—that he is the Son advised his brothers of his purpose,

him to Pilate and to Herod and back of God, the Only Begotten of the they murmured and scoffed, saying:

to Pilate; we partake of the pain, feel Father, the promised Messiah, the Lord "Our brother is a fool, for he thinketh

the insults, shudder at the mocking, God of Israel, our Redeemer and that he can build a ship; yea, and he

and are revolted at the gross injustice Savior; that he came into the world to also thinketh that he can cross these

and mass hysteria which hurl him inmanifest the Father, to reveal anew the great waters."(1 Ne. 17:17.)

escapably toward the cross. gospel, to be the great Exemplar, to In spite of their skepticism and ridi-

"We sorrow with his mother and work out the infinite and eternal cule, Nephi was moved by the spirit others at Golgotha as Roman soldiers atonement; and that not many days of obedience and had faith and confidrive nails into his hands and feet; hence he shall come again to reign dence that the Lord would open the

we shudder as the spear pierces his side, personally upon the earth and to save way for him to carry out the comand live with him the moment when and redeem those who love and serve mandment he had received. Humbly,

he voluntarily gives up his life. him. yet majestic in his trust, he proclaimed

"We are in the garden when the "And now let it also be written, both to his brothers: "If God had comangels roll back the stone, when he on earth and in heaven, that this manded me to do all things I could

comes forth in glorious immortality; disciple, who has prepared this work, do them. If he should command me

we walk with him on the Emmaus does himself also know of the truth that I should say unto this water, be road; we kneel in the upper room, feel of those things of which the prophets thou earth, it should be earth; and if

the nail marks in his hands and feet have testified. For these things have I should say it, it would be done."

and thrust our hands into his side; and been revealed unto him by the Holy (1 Ne. 17:50.)

with Thomas we exclaim: 'My Lord Spirit of God, and he therefore testiAnother soulstirring incident that is

and my God!'fies that Jesus is Lord of all, the Son recorded in holy writ teaches a force-

"We walk to Bethany and there of God, through whose name salvation ful lesson from which we may profit.

behold, as angels attend, his ascension comes."(Bruce R. McConkie, DocAs a devoted and loving father, Abrato be with his Father; and our joy is trinal New Testament Commentary, ham's heart must have been heavy

full, for we have seen God with man. pp. 873876.) when he was commanded to take his

"We see God in him—for we know This testimony I renew and reaffirm beloved son, Isaac, upon a mountain

that God was in Christ manifesting in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. and offer him as a sacrifice. Yet with

unwavering faith and implicit trust in the Lord, he responded to the charge. He was dutifully obedient.

Mercifully, however, he was relieved of the severe challenge the Lord had imposed upon him. But he had been

the Abraand obedience, Lord gave "... in promise: this wonderful When the Lord Commands, Do It hamtested and tried. For his faithfulness

Henry D. Taylor thy seed shall all the nations of the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve earth be blessed; because thou hast

obeyed my voice."(Gen. 22:18.)

As we journey through life, requests and should offer as a sacrifice unto him In those ancient days the offering may come to us from those who have the firstlings of their flocks. No exof burnt sacrifices was a subject that

been appointed to positions of leaderplanation was given for making such was repeatedly taught and stressed.

ship and authority to perform some offerings, and I suppose they wondered Evidently there were many discussions labor or to accept some responsibility. as to the reasons, but without hesitaas to which was the more important

We may not comprehend nor undertion they were obedient unto the practice, sacrifice or obedience. Samuel,

stand the reason at the time nor even directions of the Lord. the prophet, asked Saul, whom he was

later for such calls, but, with confiAfter many days an angel appeared teaching, the question: "Hath the

dence in those making the. request, we to Adam and inquired: "Why dost Lord as great delight in burnt offerings

respond without question. thou offer sacrifices unto the Lord?"and sacrifices, as in obeying the voice

One of the beautiful incidents found Then came Adam's sublime, beautiful, of the Lord?"Then without waiting

in. the scriptures relates to our first trusting response as he answered: "I for a reply, he gave this inspired anparents, Adam and Eve. After being know not, save the Lord commanded swer: "Behold, to obey is better than

driven from the Garden of Eden they me."(Moses 5:6.) Thus this noble sacrifice, and to hearken than the fat

began to till the soil and to have couple gave sufficient reason for their of rams."(1 Sam. 15:22.) How powerdominion over the beasts of the field obedience to the Lord's command. ful to Adam, Abraham, Saul, and to

and to eat their bread by the sweat of What a glorious example to us, their us, also, is this lesson concerning the their faces. They called upon the posterity. importance of obedience.

name of the Lord and heard his voice Compliance to counsel without Now what of our own day? As we

speaking to them from the way toknowledge of the reason therefore is read the daily newspapers, view teleward the Garden of Eden, but they often referred to as blind obedience. vision, and listen to the radio, we are

did not sec him, as they were nowBut obedience is not blind when it is acutely aware of the unrest that exists shut out from his presence. based on faith—implicit, trusting faith. in the world today. Wars, bloodshed,

The Lord gave them commandMarvelous deeds can be accomriots, and acts of lawlessness are ments that they should worship him plished through faith and obedience. characteristic of the times. They are

JUNE 1966 529 evidence of some men's desires for unto do all his commandments which I thought? In this year of 1966 rerighteous power, a lack of consideration command thee this day, that the Lord newed emphasis is placed on the

for the rights of others, a disregard for thy God will set thee on high above importance of the home and the cultiestablished laws, and a tendency to be all nations of the earth: vating of the spirit of love therein.

nonconformists. The jails today are "And all these blessings shall come With listening ears and responsive

crowded with such individuals. It is on thee, and overtake thee, if thou hearts, we should hearken to the words

necessary, as we all know, for lawshalt hearken unto the voice of the of our beloved prophet, President making bodies to enact legislation that Lord thy God."(Deut. 28:1-2.) McKay, who has counseled: "... let us

will protect the rights of the lawAnd now in the latter days the Lord never lose sight of the principle of abiding majority against the rebellious has again made it crystal clear that obedience.

minority. he is willing to bless"the faithful. That Obedience is heaven's first law, and

But these selfish, selfappointed nonis strongly evident in this assurance: it is the law of home. There can be

conformists, whose inspiration is de- "I, the Lord, am bound when ye do no true happiness in the home without rived from an evil source rather than what I say; but when ye do not what obedience—obedience obtained, not

a source divine, have not learned to I say, ye have no promise."(D&C through physical force, but through

appreciate the peace and joy that come 82:10.) the divine element of love."(Treasures

into the soul through obeying the laws This harmonizes with the statement of Life, p. 329.)

of the land and observing the comthat the Prophet Joseph declared he That we may be blessed with the mandments of the Lord. had made a rule in his life and folrich rewards that come to the faithful

The Savior, on the other hand, sublowed each day. It was simply this: through observing the beautiful princiscribed to the principle of obedience to "When the Lord commands, do it!"ple of obedience to all that the Lord

divine law. In referring to him the (Documentary History of the Church, commands us is my humble prayer, in

Apostle Paul observed: "Though he Vol. 2, p. 170.) the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

were a Son, yet learned he obedience Now, may I emphasize one more Amen.

by the things which he suffered;

"And being made perfect, he became the author of eternal salvation unto all them that obey him."(Heb. 5:8-9.)

Should we not follow the Lord's example?

At the present time, through inspiration from the Lord, many worthwhile programs are being given to the The Miracle That Is Jesus

Church. These programs have the endorsement, approval, and blessing of Gordon B. Hinckley

the General Authorities. Do we Of the Council of the Twelve

hearken unto the chosen servants of the Lord, who prepare these valuable My dear brethren and sisters, I apso farreaching, if their reasoning aids for us? Do we render obedience proach this responsibility with a prayer were not so subtle..

to the counsel that comes to them in my heart that the Lord will prompt Tomorrow is Easter. At sunrise in

through inspiration and revelation me by his Holy Spirit, as I add my the morning multitudes will gather on from our Father in heaven? word of testimony. a thousand hills to welcome the dawn

Well might we as individuals and as I have on the desk in my home a of the Easter day and to remind themparents ask ourselves these questions: small metal box. It is about 12 inches selves of the story of the Christ, whose

"In these good and prosperous times, square and half as high. On its face resurrection they will commemorate.

have I accumulated an adequate reare six knobs and two dials. Now and In language both beautiful and hopeserve of food, clothing, and savings to again, when I have an hour, it beful, preachers of many faiths will reprovide for me and my family in the comes my plaything. It is a shortcount the story of the empty tomb. Toevent of illness, emergency, or unwave radio. Turning the knobs, I them—and to you—I raise this quesemployment?"listen to London, Washington, Tokyo, tion: "Do you actually believe it?"

"Am I living in such a way that my Peking, Moscow, Havana, and other Do you actually believe that Jesus life will be an inspiration and an exgreat capitals of the world. was the Son of God, the literal offample to others? and am I following The voices I hear are persuasive, spring of the Father?

the counsel of the prophet when he seductive, fascinating, and confusing. Do you believe that the voice of

declares that every member should be Speaking across the earth, they are part God, the Eternal Father, was heard a missionary?"of a mighty battle that is being waged above the waters of Jordan declaring,

"Am I gathering my family around for the minds of men. They are aimed "This is my beloved Son, in whom I

me each week in a home evening and at persuasion in political philosophy. am well pleased"? (Matt. 3:17.)

studying the gospel?"There are voices of democracy competDo you believe that this same Jesus

"Have I carefully analyzed my faming with voices of Communism, and was the worker of miracles, the healer ily records and engaged in prayerful each is winning converts according to of the sick, the restorer of the infirm, research in order to complete the histhe discernment and the judgment of the giver of life to the dead?

tory of my progenitors?"listeners. Do you believe that following his

Over the centuries the Lord has The stakes are high, the weapons are death on Calvary's hill and his burial given many assurances of his desire sophisticated, the methods are clever. in Joseph's tomb, he came forth alive

to pour out blessings upon the people, There is a comparable battle being the third day?

but he has made it equally clear that waged for the faith of men, but the Do you actually believe that he yetblessings are predicated upon obedilines are not always so clearly drawn, lives—real, vital, and personal—and

ence and a willingness to obey his for even among the forces of Christhat he will come again as promised commandments. Moses in his day tianity there are those who would by the angels at his ascension?

promised the children of Israel: "destroy the divinity of the Christ in Do you actually believe these things?

"And it shall come to pass, if thou whose name they speak. They might If you do, then you are part of a shrinkshalt hearken diligently unto the voice be disregarded if their voices were not ing body of literalists who more and

of the Lord thy God, to observe and so seductive, if their influence were not more are being smiled at by philoso530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA phers, who more and more are being "... even they shall fall, and never miraculous about me every day, it is

ridiculed by certain educators, and who rise up again."(Amos 8:1114.) easy to believe in the miracle of

more and more are being considered How descriptive those words of many Jesus.

"out of it"by a growing coterie of minof the youth of our day, the young But a witness of the Lord is not obisters of religion and influential men and the young women who in tained by observation of the accomtheologians. their hearts hunger for a faith that plishments of men. Such observation

I have recently read a series of will satisfy, but who, spurning it bemakes reasonable a belief in his birth, provocative writings setting forth the cause of the manner in which it is life, death, and resurrection. But there

clever reasoning of American, British, offered, "faint for thirst"and "fall, is needed something more than a and European theologians to "deand never rise up again."reasonable belief. There is needed an

myth,"as it is called, the story of To these I give our solemn witness understanding of his unique and inJesus of Nazareth. I quote from a that God is not dead, except as he comparable position as the divine

capable Protestant layman who writes: is viewed with a lifeless interpretation. Redeemer and an enthusiasm for him

"The most disruptive questions are Is a belief in the divinity of our and his message as the Son of God.

coming from theologians who... are Lord out of date in the twentieth cenThat understanding and that enquestioning every old concept. They tury? The great scientific age of which thusiasm are available to all who will

even suggest that maybe the word we are a part does not demand a denial pay the price. They are not incom-

'God'should be discarded, since it has of the miracle that is Jesus. Rather, patible with higher education, but they

become meaningless to so many people., there was never a time in all the hiswill not come only of reading philoso-

"Stripped of all else, the question tory of man that made more believable phy. No, they come of a simpler

the liberal theologians are asking is the that which in the past might have process. The things of God are underold one that has time and again been regarded as supernatural and imstood by the Spirit of God. (1 Cor.

sundered the Christian church: Who possible. 2:11.) So declares the word of revewas Jesus? How can anyone today regard anylation.

"The revolutionists... turn to the thing as impossible? The acquisition of understanding

Bible as a source of truth, but their To those acquainted with the giant and enthusiasm for the Lord comes

Bible is an expurgated version with strides of biological science, where from following simple rules, and in embarrassing references to abnormal men are beginning to peek into the conclusion, I should like to suggest events edited out. 'Demythologized,'very nature of life and its creation, three, elementary in their concept, alone says. 'Deliteralized,'says another. the miracle of the birth of Jesus as most trite in their repetition, but

"What the new wave casts up is the Son of God certainly becomes more fundamental in their application and 'religionless'Christianity; a faith plausible, even to the doubter. fruitful in their result. I suggest them

grounded on a philosophic system, inFurther, it is not difficult to beparticularly to our young people.

stead of being suspended precariously lieve that he, possessed of knowledge The first is to read—to read the word

from old myths."(Fortune, December commensurate with the task of creatof the Lord. I know that with the

1965, p. 173.) ing the earth, could heal the sick, redemands of your studies there is little

So, in the eyes of these intellectuals, store the infirm, return the dead to time to read anything else. But I

these are myths—the birth of Jesus as life. It may have been difficult to promise you that if you will read the

the Son of God of whom the angels believe these things in medieval times, words of that writing which we call sang on Judea's plains, the worker of but can one reasonably doubt the posscripture, there will come into your miracles who healed the sick and sibility of such while witnessing the heart an understanding and a warmth raised the dead, the Christ resurrected miracles of healing and restoration that that will be pleasing to experience.

from the grave, the ascension and the occur daily? "Search the scriptures; for in them ye

promised return. Is the ascension so impossible a thing think ye have eternal life: and they

These modern theologians strip him to comprehend after sitting in one's are they which testify of me."(John

of his divinity and then wonder why living room and watching the liftoff 5:39.) Read, for instance, the Gospel

men do not worship him. of Gemini 7 as it rose into the heavens of John from its beginning to its end.

These clever scholars have taken to seek out with unerring accuracy its Let the Lord speak for himself to you, from Jesus the mantle of godhood and companion, Gemini 6, then orbiting and his words will come with a quiet have left only a man. They have tried the earth at more than 17,000 miles an conviction that will make the words

to accommodate him to their own hour? of his critics meaningless. Read also

narrow thinking. They have robbed Miracles? I should think so. This the testament of the New World, the

him of his divine sonship and taken is the age of miracles. During my Book of Mormon, brought forth as a

from the world its rightful King. brief lifetime, I have witnessed more witness "that Jesus is the Christ, the

While reading of this very effective of scientific advance than did all of my Eternal God, manifesting himself unto and growing "deliteralization"process forebears together during the previous all nations."(Book of Mormon title

and of its evident effect on the faith 5,000 years. page.)

of those who are its victims, particuWith so much of what appears The next is to serve—to serve in the

larly the youth who are caught up in work of the Lord. Spiritual strength

this sophistry, the words anciently is like physical strength; it is like the

spoken by the prophet Amos come muscle of my arm. It grows only as it

home with new clarity: is nourished and exercised.

"Behold, the days come, saith the The cause of Christ does not need

Lord God, that I will send a famine in your doubts; it needs your strength

the land, not a famine of bread, nor a and time and talents; and as you exerthirst for water, but of hearing the cise these in service, your faith will

words of the Lord: grow and your doubts will wane.

"And they shall wander from sea to The Lord declared: "He that findsea, and from the north even to the eth his life shall lose it: and he that

east, they shall run to and fro to seek loseth his life for my sake shall find the word of the Lord, and shall not it."(Matt. 10:39.)

find it. These words have something more

"In that day shall the fair virgins than a cold theological meaning. They

and the young men faint for thirst. are a statement of a law of life—that

JUNE 1966 531 as we lose ourselves in a great cause thereof, but canst not tell whence it Dr. John A. Widtsoe turned his atwe find ourselves—and there is no cometh, and whither it goeth: so is tention to this subject at times: "The

greater cause than that of the Master. every one that is born of the Spirit."full and essential nature of love we

The third is to pray. Speak with (John 3:6, 8.) may not understand,"he said, "but

your Eternal Father in the name of I do not hesitate to promise that there are tests by which it may be his Beloved Son. "Behold,"he says, so it will be with you. If you will recognized.

"I stand at the door, and knock; if any read the word of the Lord, if you "Love is always founded in truth....

man hear my voice, and open the door, will serve in his cause, if in prayer Lies and deceit, or any other violation

I will come in to him, and will sup you will talk with him, your doubts of the moral law, are proofs of love's with him, and he with me."(Rev. will leave; and shining through all of absence. Love perishes in the midst

3:20.) the confusion of philosophy, socalled of untruth.... Thus, the lover who

This is his invitation, and the promhigher criticism, and negative theology falsifies to his loved one, or offers her ise is sure. It is unlikely that you will will come the witness of the Holy any act contrary to truth, does not

hear voices from heaven, but there Spirit that Jesus is in very deed the really love her.

will come a heavensent assurance, Son of God, born in the flesh, the Re- "Further, love does not offend or peaceful and certain. deemer of the world resurrected from hurt or injure the loved one. By that

In that great conversation between the grave, the Lord who shall come test any human venture, past and presJesus and Nicodemus, the Lord deto reign as King of kings. It is your ent, may be measured for its real

clared: "That which is born of the opportunity so to know. It is your value. Cruelty is as absent from love

flesh is flesh; and that which is born obligation so to find out. God bless... as truth is from untruth.

of the Spirit is spirit."Then he went you so to do, I pray as I add my per- "... love is a positive active force.

on to say, "The wind bloweth where sonal witness in the name of Jesus It helps the loved one. If there is

it listeth, and thou hearest the sound Christ. Amen. need, love tries to supply it. If there

is weakness, love supplants it with strength.... Love that does not help

is a faked or transient love.

"Good as these tests are, there is a greater one. True love sacrifices for

.. final That is the

of The Test of Love test.the lovedChristone.gave. Himself, gave His

Richard L. Evans life, for us, and thereby proclaimed the

his love brethof for his mortal Of the Council of the Twelve reality sisters. of gives ren and mother The

One of the most quoted New Testaindifference or inaction. No one proves her own flesh and blood, and jeoparment texts is this from John: "For God himself by merely thinking or simply dizes her very life, for her child. In

so loved the world, that he gave his sitting. family relationships there must be

only begotten Son, that whosoever The writer of the article referred to mutual sacrifices among husband, wife, believeth in him should not perish, above said that in some primitive lanand children, else true love is not but have everlasting life."(John 3:16.) guages, with their fewness of words, there."(Dr. John A. Widtsoe, An UnIt is comfortingly familiar—the love the description of the movement of derstandable Religion, Ch. 8.)

of God simply stated—and what he game, for example, is described simply Thus, anyone who would induce

did about his love is the evidence of by one word: running. Perhaps we someone to do that which it is unit: He sent his Only Begotten Son that could say much more with fewer words worthy to do, or to take advantage, or

whoso believeth in him should have by simply indicating the action: living, rob someone of virtue, or embarrass,

everlasting life. doing. "... when a noun replaces a or hurt, really doesn't love the person

Suppose God had loved the world verb there is a disadvantage..."behe professes to love. What he feels

in a passive way? Suppose he hadn't cause a noun is static, and life is under such circumstances is something

sent his Son? Suppose he hadn't given movement. Some people "assign an less than love. The proving is in the

us his gospel? Suppose he hadn't set intrinsic value to 'things'like purity doing.

out to save mankind or redeem us from and gratitude.... They take credit for And so it is with all the virtues.

death? Suppose he had let his children possessing nominal virtues. Or they Either we live pure lives or we don't.

drift without plan or purpose or counpunish themselves for having vices,... Either we think pure thoughts or we

sel or commandments? Would that [but] we communicate with others in don't. Purity isn't simply a noun. It

have been love? verbs.... Gratitude has not even been is a verb. It is the living of a certain

The point I hope to make, for a born until it has been actually conkind of life. It is the thinking of cerparticular purpose, is the evidence, the veyed in word or deed...."tain kinds of thoughts. Its proof is in

proof, the test of love. The same could be said for sanity, keeping the commandments.

An editorial recently read in a medisaid this same physician. It "is not Goodness is not theory, it is fact.

cal magazine had an intriguing title: structural but functional. It is not We may think of tithing as a prin-

"Love Is a Verb."And from this the something one has or is. It is a measure ciple and discuss it and approve it, but

writer turned his attention to the imof what one does."(William B. Mcif we are really convinced and conportarce of doing, of proving, of perGrath, M.D., in Medicine at Work, verted, we will pay our tithing.

forming. The proof of any principle February 1966.) If we do sane things, We may think well of the missionis what it does, and the proof of any we are sane. If we don't do sane ary system, but it works only because

sacrifice and sane. things, not are home and some he acts, weperson does—how

it because serve merely words. louder speak Actions than do he simply what hewhat sincerely—notleave is becomes—notwhat he

idea. or organization specuis a good to person was a young As whosays.

"Love Is a Verb."lating upon whether or not she loved We may think and talk of chastity

We might paraphrase and say that someone, there is the reminder that as a virtue, but if we are converted and service is a verb, that life is a verb; love is not simply a noun and not convinced, we will live chaste lives.

for it is in doing, in living, in learning, simply a sentimental feeling. The If we love our children we won't

and not just in words that we perform proof of love is what one is willing to neglect them or let them run loose. If

our purpose. No one really proves himdo for the loved one. The proof of we love our children we won't leave

self or his principles in neutrality or love is how one behaves. them "ignorant of the law, or of the

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Destiny of the Church

In 1842, just twelve years after the Church was organized, the Prophet

Joseph Smith wrote a famous document that has become known as "The Wentworth Letter."*

First published in the Times and Seasons on March 1, 1842, the writing is especially important since it contains the earliest known printing of the Articles of Faith.

Less wellknown but also of great interest to Latterday Saints are the two paragraphs immediately preceding the Articles of Faith. The first of these

paragraphs gives a thumbnail sketch of missionary work up to that time:

"Persecution has not stopped the progress of truth, but has only added fuel to the flame, it has spread with increasing rapidity. Proud of the cause

which they have espoused, and conscious of our innocence, and of the truth of their system, amidst calumny and reproach, have the Elders of this Church gone forth, and planted the Gospel in almost every state in the Union; it has

penetrated our cities, it has spread over our villages, and has caused thousands of our intelligent, noble, and patriotic citizens to obey its divine mandates, and be governed by its sacred truths. It has also spread into England, Ireland,

Scotland, and Wales, where, in the year 1840, a few of our missionaries were sent, and over five thousand joined the Standard of Truth; there are numbers

now joining in every land."

The second paragraph is in effect a remarkable prophesy or declaration by the Prophet Joseph concerning the destiny of the Church. The Era editors

are pleased to present this declaration on the following doublepage spread in full color in a style patterned after the old illuminated biblical manuscripts.

We hope it will be widely used for framing and for teaching purposes.

The illustrator is Lucas Visser, a young man who was born in Amsterdam and who joined the Church in 1963. He is now an employee of the Deseret

News Press in Salt Lake City. The countries represented in the illustrations in

the shields are, beginning top left and running counterclockwise: South America, Italy, Russia, China, United States of America, Greece, France, Australia,

Japan, India, Germany, Egypt, England, and Palestine.

* Documentary History of the Church, Vol. 4, p. 535. See also Preston Nibley, "The Wentworth

Letter,"The Improvement Era, Feb. 1962, p. 96.

m&a&'&jrj-/ 't&mmimmstmm

JCJ'KZ!:>Mt. WM.3 % cscz ft 5>35

**&:J&. M

\r w 55 m*tf

f

A SC; **S vn

c*!*">n.

v/ tt t Q

I 'Y

jssai \."% bfc& "#*

xsgs rSS$S9jS2S JSB$WSBQQldQW0a

commandments, or ignorant of how to lives; and keeping his commandments. Thank God for the gospel, for the

behave, or unacquainted with sound As to those who say they love the personal and literal reality of him who habits of work, or ignorant of courtesy Church—the best evidence of that made us in his own image, for his Son

and acceptable conduct. love would be serving, doing, giving our Savior, and for the blessed plan of

If we love our children we will urge of ourselves, living its standards, keepeverlasting life with our loved ones.

them to prepare as fully as they can ing the commandments. Thank God for his patience, for his

for life, persuade them to acquire all God help us to be members not of understanding, for his comfort, for the training and education possible. If record only, but members who place his commandments; for it would be a

we love our children we will keep as doing and serving and living the redisillusioning life to be running loose close to them as possible and do our quirements of the gospel above our without knowing what was expected utmost to keep them free from sin and comfort or convenience. of us—or why. Thank God that he

from anything that would clutter or "Not every one that saith unto me, sent his Only Begotten Son to show scar their lives. Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingus the way, to redeem us from death, to

As parents there is no greater obligadom of heaven; but he that doeth the lead us to everlasting life.

tion that is ours—and neglect is not will of my Father which is in heaven."With you I offer gratitude and a

the evidence of love. Part of love is (Matt. 7:21.) pledge to do my best to demonstrate

doing our duty in love and loyalty, It is important to believe; it is imove for our Lord and Savior and

"by persuasion, by longsuffering, by portant to be; but it is also important 'lis Father who gave us life by living

gentleness and meekness, and by love to do. the kind of lives that they would have

unfeigned; Even the devil believes. (See Jas. us live, and leave my witness with you

"By kindness, and pure knowl- 2:19.) "Conviction is worthless unless of the truth of that which gathers

edge...."(D&C 121:41, 42.) it is converted into conduct."(Thomas us here together, in the name of our

Jesus said: "... lovest thou me?... Carlyle.) Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen.

Feed my sheep."(John 21:16.)

Elsewhere it is written: "If ye love Saturday Evening Priesthood Session, April 9, 1966me, keep, my commandments."(John

14:15.) Abstract qualities of character don't mean much in the abstract. It is how

live, teach we howwe we serve, how Strait Is the Gate to from children, dayour what we do day that both indicate what we are John H. Vandenberg

are; and all determine whatand we

all Presiding Bishop speculation, theory thethe and all the quoting of scripture, all the searchRecently a statement in a magazine objective to achieve. The gospel of

ing of the mysteries, and all the caught my attention. It said: "If you Jesus Christ provides such goals and

splitting of hairs, and all the knowldon't know where you are going, it gives purpose to life. It is a process

edge of the letter of the law don't in doesn't matter which road you take."requiring selfdiscipline.

the final and saving sense amount to As I have pondered this expression, I The Savior's injunction in his Servery much unless we live the gospel, see it as a timely warning to those of mon on the Mount was: "Enter ye in

unless we keep the commandments, today's youth who throw all caution at the strait gate...."And he tells

unless we prove the principles, unless to the wind with a "don't care"attiwhy: "Because strait is the gate, and

we live lives of effectiveness, sincerity, tude and to those who have lost all narrow is the way, which leadeth unto and service. sense of direction, such as the giddy life...."(Matt. 7:1314.) It is a

Sometimes we hear someone say, nonconformist who looks upon basic program for knowing where to go for "My life is my own. I am going to do moral values with indifference and maximum benefits. It is a road of

with it as I please."But no one's life contempt. Young people, and particudiscipline to follow, beamed on a goal.

is his own. Too much of others has larly bearers of the priesthood of God, In contrast, he warned about the opgone into the making of all of us. need to commit themselves to worthposite road—the wide, undisciplined,

We cannot hurt ourselves without while goals and high moral values. easy, nonconforming way. He said:

hurting others. A sorrow, an illness, Failure to do so breeds discontent, frus- "... for wide is the gate, and broad is

a disgrace, an accident, trouble, or trations, and attitudes of rebellion. the way, that leadeth to destruc-

."(Matt. 7:13.)difficulty of any kind—any loss to Conversely, however, a desired goal tion...

loved ones is a loss to family and generates courage and definite purpose Every individual is granted a span friends. We are too much a part of in the dayto-day affairs of life. of mortality, as Carlyle expressed so

one another for this not to be so. An article in a national magazine simply: "One life, a little gleam of

If we love our parents, wouldn't the entitled "The Twisted Age"(Look, time between two eternities, no second evidence of it be to do something about Dec. 15, 1964) refers to the degrading chance for us for evermore."There is

it: to be grateful, to help to care for influences that leave youth in a state granted to most individuals the intellithem in their need, to honor them by of frustration, discontent, and confugence and power to reason for thembeing honorable, to take them into our sion. The subtle, persuasive methods selves. The tragedy is that so many

confidence—not to worry them? of some of the modern advertising used succumb to the ridiculous mediocre

The best evidence of love for parto attract attention seem to make forreasoning of others, which often serves ents would be active evidence of kindbidden things glamorous, exciting, and only to waste time and distort truth.

ness, consideration, appreciation, respect acceptable. Through such means, We need to live every moment confor their teachings and counsel. some are duped into tolerating and scious that our actions will be

The best evidence of love of country then embracing sins that cause emocompatible with the allimportant goal would be not what we say—or say we tional problems and ultimately deof eternal life and that every moment,

is important.feel—but serving it, keeping the laws, struction of the soul. hour, and day

preserving its principles. The frustrations, anxieties, and reMost of us know of some people who

The best evidence of love for our bellions that are rampant today could showed promise of great attainment

Father in heaven would be living lives be measurably reduced if young people but who lived their lives so they never of honor and reverence; not taking his could be encouraged to set high ideals. quite measured up to that promise.

name in vain; living useful, righteous This would help fix in their minds an Such a person was Solomon, who was

JUNE 1966 533 blessed with numerous privileges, ophim there was no failure. when she was a young girl.

portunities, and great wisdom. Yet he Recently, the wife (Mrs. Lelia Hig- "I want to be married to a clean

strayed into a path of foolishness. Sologinson) of a very dear friend of mine Mormon boy who can take me to the

mon asked God for wisdom and was passed away in Denver, Colorado. She temple, and I want to be worthy of

blessed so that there was not a king was one of the most devoted Latterday him. I hope that I can pass on to my

like him in all his days. (1 Kings Saints with whom I have ever been posterity a clean, perfect mind and

3:13.) His philosophy indicates he privileged to associate. There is no body, my knowledge of the gospel, and

had an understanding of life and the question in my mind that her loyalty a desire to live to attain the celestial experiences that were connected with to our Father in heaven germinated kingdom. I hope that I will be perit. He knew of life's purpose and its early in her youth as she committed mitted to live with my loved ones in

eternal nature. In fact, few men have herself to shortand longrange goals the next world and that I may be the

had the experience he had. Even the of righteousness. means of helping all I can of those

Lord appeared to him and set him a One evening before the funeral around me, and those who have gone goal: the strait and narrow way that service, her husband, their six children, before, to get their temple work done.

leadeth to life. (Matt. 7:14.) grandmother and grandfather, and two I want to be the means of bringing

"And the Lord said unto him, I have close friends gathered in their home. new souls into the world and to be

heard thy prayer.... The father called the family together able to be a worthy and good mother,

"I have hallowed this house [the and brought out a book—a book she to help provide a home for them that

great temple], which thou hast built, had kept, which contained her life they may enjoy the same blessings that to put my name there for ever; and story as she herself had written it. I enjoy in my home."

mine eyes and mine heart shall be Actually, there were two episodes to To look back over the successful life there perpetually. the story written at different periods that this good sister lived, it is easy

"And if thou wilt walk before me in her life. It was the first time that to see that she had been most successful

... in integrity of heart, and in upsome of the children had heard parts in reaching the goals. She never

rightness, to do... all that I have of it, and I am sure it gave them a digressed from the commitment she had

commanded thee, and... keep my new and deeper insight into the finer made to herself over 30 years ago. I

statutes and... judgments: qualities of their mother. feel that goalsetting is absolutely

"Then I will establish the throne of The family has given me permission necessary for happy living. But the goal

thy kingdom upon Israel for ever.... to share some of this information with is only part of the desired procedures.

There shall not fail thee a man upon you. Quoting from her own writing: We need to know which roads to take

the throne of Israel."(1 Kings 9:3-5.) "I know that I lived in the spirit to reach the goal. In many cases we

The alternative was the wide gate world together with all the hosts of set farreaching goals but neglect the and the broad way of destruction. heaven and with God before I came to shortrange ones. With such short-

"But if ye shall at all turn from folthis earth. I feel that I am a choice range plans, we need selfdiscipline in

lowing me, ye or your children, and spirit to have been chosen to wait 6,000 our actions—study when it is time to

will not keep my commandments and years to come to earth at this time in study, sleep when it is time to sleep, my statutes..., but go and serve other these the last days when the world is read when it is time to read, and so on

gods, and worship them: so highly cultured and the second—not permitting an undesirable over-

"Then will I cut off Israel out of coming of the Savior is so near at hand. lap, but getting our full measure of

the land which I have given them: and "I want to be ready to help build up rewards and blessings from the time we

this house... will I cast out of my the kingdom of God on this earth. I invest in a particular activity. In this

sight; and Israel shall be a proverb believe I was put here to be tried and respect, I feel that Aaronic Priesthood

and a byword among all people."(1 tested through the weaknesses of the bearers especially need to learn more

Kings 9:6-7.) flesh and through the free agency I fully their responsibility for leadership.

Solomon had his choice of roads, have, to live as I will. I hope I can They need to commit themselves more

and he turned from God. He barprove true to the test so that I will be to obeying the proven principles of the

tered his longrange goal for Israel for ready to go on in the next world with gospel. They need to commit themthe worship of other gods and dayby- my loved ones in the plan of eternal selves verbally to their friends and

day gratifications. He failed himself progression. I know that I am indeed families, telling them of their desire to

and failed Israel. blessed to be born of noble parents of live righteously, so that their friends

In contrast, Moses entered the strait The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterand families can help and encourage gate and received his errand from the day Saints'belief, because I think that them and observe their progress. They

Lord; and even though there were times there is more responsibility resting on need to make commitments with themwhen he did not know what the next us now in temple work than has ever selves by writing down their goals and

approach might be, he knew the obbeen placed on the people before. keeping a record of the fulfillment of

jective, which was to lead the Israelites "The goal I am seeking through this their achievements.

out of bondage from Egypt. Because life is that of being permitted to be in The entering of the strait gate rehe knew the goal, he set his course. the celestial kingdom in the world after quires the positive approach—a leaderWith tenacity of purpose he went back this, and I shall never quit working for ship approach—an approach of which

to Pharaoh the second time, the third my goal. I have attended church since all are capable. It is, in fact, the ideal

time, the fourth, the fifth, the sixth I was old enough to go. I learned many life. The steps are fewer—no turning

yes, even the seventh. Each visit culof the Church's beautiful songs. My back, no sidestepping, only forward

minated in dramatic experiences, but grandmother was the music director, where the air is cleaner, purer, more

Moses was never dissuaded. and I love especially the songs she wholesome; the attitude happier; and

I cannot imagine a more "twisted loved. I like Mutual and the social the achievement grander. There is no

age"than that of the time of Moses instruction given in the mixed chorus, frustration or confusion when one is on a people in bondage under the control drama, public speaking, and dancing. the proper road to eternal life.

of the pagan Egyptians. The influences I am interested in all of these activities Truly, "If you don't know where you

and temptations that surrounded him and would like to excel in each. Music, are going, it doesn't matter which road

could have induced discouragement however, means more to me than the you take,"for you will get nowhere.

and abandonment of the g6al in a rest."But if we will "enter... in at the

weaker person. But Moses had set his Now, before I read further, I want strait gate,"we will obtain life eternal.

objective. His life was in tune with his to let you know that these thoughts I bear you this testimony in the name

Lord, who had appeared to him. For were written by her over 30 years ago, of Jesus Christ. Amen.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the motives which operate in the industrial system...."(Ibid.)

So much now for the definition of socialism. these given I have youSocialism and the United Order Compared statements in socialists of the words

Marion G. Romney and scholars, not my words, so they

Of the Council of the Twelve have had their hearing.

Now as to the United Order, and

What I am going to give you now is World, and Communism, as reprehere I will give the words of the Lord a statement I have prepared in answer sented by the Russians, is one of tactics and not my words. The United Order,

to the question, "Is Socialism the and strategy rather than of objective. the Lord's program for eliminating the

United Order?"Some of you may Communism is indeed only socialism inequalities among men, is based upon

have already heard it. This is the pursued by revolutionary means and the underlying concept that the earth

first time I have ever attempted to give making its revolutionary method a and all things therein belong to the a talk a second time. My excuse is canon of faith. Communists, like Lord and that men hold earthly posthat the Brethren have asked me to give other socialists, (1) believe in the colsessions as stewards accountable to

this talk here tonight. lective control and ownership of the God.

I suppose the best way to start. a vital means of production and (2) On January 2, 1831, the Lord recomparison of socialism and the seek to achieve through state action the vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith

United Order is with a definition of coordinated control of the economic that the Church was under obligation the terms. Webster defines socialism forces of society. They (the Comto care for the poor. (See D&C 38.)

as: munists) differ from other socialists in Later he said:

"A political and economic theory of believing that this control can be se- "I, the Lord, stretched out the social organization based on collective cured, and its use in the interests of heavens, and built the earth,... and

or governmental ownership and demothe workers ensured, only by revoluall things therein are mine.

cratic management of the essential tionary action leading to the dictator- "And it is my purpose to provide means for the production and distriship of the proletariat and the creation for my saints, for all things are mine.

bution of goods; also, a policy or of a new proletarian state as the in- "But it must needs be done in mine

practice based on this theory."(Webstrument of change. (Ibid.) own way...."(D&C 104:1416.)

ster's New International Dictionary, A major rift between socalled On February 9, 1831, the Lord re2nd ed. unabridged, 1951.) orthodox socialism and communist vealed to the Prophet what his way

George Bernard Shaw, the noted socialism occurred in 1875 when the was. (See D&C 42.) In his way there

Fabian Socialist, said that: German Social Democratic party set were two cardinal principles: (1) con-

"Socialism, reduced to its simplest forth its objective of winning power secration and (2) stewardship.

legal and practical expression, means by taking over control of the bourgeois To enter the United Order, when it the complete discarding of the institustate, rather than by overthrowing it. was being tried, one consecrated all

tion of private property by transformIn effect, the German Social Demohis possessions to the Church by a ing it into public property and the cratic party became a parliamentary "covenant and a deed which"could division of the resultant income party, aiming at the assumption of not "be broken."(D&C 42:30.) That

equally and indiscriminately among political power by constitutional is, he completely divested himself of the entire population."(Encyclopedia means. all of his property by conveying it to

Britannica, 1946 ed., Vol. 20, p. 895.) In the 1880's a small group of intelthe Church.

George Douglas Howard Cole, M.A., lectuals set up in England the Fabian Having thus voluntarily divested

noted author and university reader in Society, which has had a major influhimself of title to all his property, the economics at Oxford, who treats socialence on the development of modern consecrator received from the Church ism for the Encyclopedia Britannica, orthodox socialism. Fabianism stands a stewardship by a like conveyance.

says that because of the shifting sense "for the evolutionary conception of This stewardship could be more or less in which the word has been used, "a socialism... endeavoring by progresthan his original consecration, the obshort and comprehensive definition is sive reforms and the nationalization ject being to make "every man equal

impossible. We can only say,"he of industries, to turn the existing according to his family, according to

concludes, "that Socialism is essentially state into a 'welfare state.'"Somewhat his circumstances and his wants and

a doctrine and a movement aiming at on the order of the German Social needs."(D&C 51:3.)

the collective organization of the Democrats, Fabians aim "at permeatThis procedure preserved in every community in the interest of the mass ing the existing parties with socialistic man the right to private ownership of the people by means of the common ideas [rather] than at creating a defiand management of his property. At

ownership and collective control of nitely socialistic party."They appeal his own option he could alienate it

the means of production and ex- "to the electorate not as revolutionaries or keep and operate it and pass it on change."(Ibid., p. 888.) but as constitutional reformers seeking to his heirs.

Socialism arose "out of the economic a peaceful transformation of the sysThe intent was, however, for him to division in society."During the ninetem."(Ibid.) so operate his property as to produce

teenth century its growth was accelerThe differences in forms and policies a living for himself and his dependents.

ated as a protest against "the appalling of socialism occur principally in the So long as he remained in the order, conditions prevailing in the workshops manner in which they seek to implehe consecrated to the Church the and factories and the unchristian ment their theories. surplus he produced above the needs

spirit of the spreading industrial They all advocate: and wants of his family. This surplus

system."(1) That private ownership of the went into a storehouse from which

The "Communist Manifesto"drafted vital means of production be abolished stewardships were given to others and by Karl Marx and Friedrich Engels for and that all such property "pass under from which the needs of the poor the Communist League in 1848 is some form of coordinated public were supplied.

generally regarded as the starting point control."These divine principles are very

of modern socialism. (Ibid., p. 890.) (2) That the power of the state be simple and easily understood. A comThe distinction between socialism, as used to achieve their aims. parison of them with the underlying

represented by the various Socialist and (3) "That with a change in the principles of socialism reveal similariLabour parties of Europe and the New control of industry will go a change ties and basic differences.

JUNE 1966 535 The following are similarities: Both parting of their surplus for the benefit ing peace, plenty, or freedom. These

(1) deal with production and distribuof the poor, not by constraint but things it will never bring, nor will it tion of goods; (2) aim to promote the willingly as an act of free will, evido away with idleness and promote

wellbeing of men by eliminating dence that charity for their fellow- "industry, thrift and selfrespect,"for their economic inequalities; (3) enmen characterized by Mormon as "the it is founded, in theory and in practice,

vision the elimination of the selfish pure love of Christ."(Moro. 7:47.) on force, the principle of the evil one.

motives in our private capitalistic No, brethren, socialism is not the As to the fruits of the United Order, industrial system. United Order. However, notwith- I suggest you read Moses 7:1618 and

Now the differences: standing my abhorrence of it, I am 4 Nephi 2-3, 1516. If we had time we

(1) The cornerstone of the United persuaded that socialism is the wave could review the history, what little we

Order is belief in God and acceptance of the present and of the foreseeable know, of Zion in the days of Enoch of him as Lord of the earth and the future. It has already taken over or and about what happened among the

author of the United Order. is contending for control in most naNephites under those principles of the

Socialism, wholly materialistic, is tions. United Order in the first two centuries

founded in the wisdom of men and not "At the end of the year [1964] following the time of the Savior.

of God. Although all socialists may not parties affiliated with the [Socialist] Now what can we do about it?

be atheists, none of them in theory or International were in control of the As I recently reminded my wife of practice seek the Lord to establish his governments of Great Britain, Denthe moratorium on the United Order, righteousness. mark, Norway, Sweden, Israel, and the which the Lord placed in 1834 (D&C

(2) The United Order is impleMalagasy Republic. They had repre105:34), that socialism is taking over

mented by the voluntary freewill sentatives in coalition cabinets in in the nations and that its expressed actions of men, evidenced by a conAustria, Belgium, Iceland, Italy, Luxaims will surely fail, she spiritedly secration of all their property to the embourg, and Switzerland; constituted put to me the question: "Well, then,

Church of God. the chief opposition in France, India, what would you suggest, that we just

One time the Prophet Joseph Smith Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand sit on our hands in despair and do was asked a question by the brethren and West Germany; and were signifinothing?"Perhaps similar questions

about the inventories they were takcant political forces in numerous other have occurred to you. The answer is,

ing. His answer was to the effect, countries. Many parties dominant in "No, by no means!"We have much

"You don't need to be concerned about governments in Africa, Asia, and Latin to do, and fortunately for us the Lord the inventories. Unless a man is willAmerica announced that their aim was has definitely prescribed the course we

ing to consecrate everything he has, a socialist society."(Encyclopedia should follow with respect to socialism

he doesn't come into the United Britannica, 1965 Book of the Year, and the United Order.

Order."(Documentary History of the p. 736.) He has told us that in preparation

Church, Vol. 7, pp. 41213.) On the We here in the United States, in for the restoration of the gospel, he

other hand, socialism is implemented converting our government into a sohimself established the Constitution by external force, the power of the cial welfare state, have ourselves of the United States, and he has state. adopted much of socialism. Specifically, plainly told us why he established it.

(3) In harmony with church bewe have to an alarming degree adopted I hope I can get this point over to you.

lief, as set forth in the Doctrine and the use of the power of the state in He said he established the Constitution

Covenants, "that no government can the control and distribution of the to preserve to men their free agency, exist in peace, except such laws are fruits of industry. We are on notice, because the whole gospel of Jesus

framed and held inviolate as will seaccording to the words of the PresiChrist presupposes man's untrammeled cure to each individual the free exercise dent, that we are going much further, exercise of free agency. Man is in the

of conscience, the right and control for he is quoted as saying: earth to be tested. The issue as to

of property"(D&C 134:2), the United "We're going to take all the money whether he succeeds or fails will be

Order is operated upon the principle we think is unnecessarily being spent determined by how he uses his of private ownership and individual and take it from the 'haves'and give agency. His whole future, through all

management. it to the 'have nots.'"(196k Congreseternity, is at stake. Abridge man's

Thus in both implementation and sional Record, p. 6142, Remarks of the agency, and the whole purpose of his

ownership and management of propPresident to a Group of Leaders of mortality is thwarted. Without it, the

erty, the United Order preserves to Organizations of Senior Citizens in the Lord"says, there is no existence. (See

men their Godgiven agency, while Fish Room, March 24, 1964.) D&C 93:30.) The Lord so valued our

socialism deprives them of it. That is the spirit of socialism: We're agency that he designed and dictated

(4) The United Order is nongoing to take. The spirit of the United "the laws and constitution"required

political. Order is: We're going to give. to guarantee it. This he explained in

Socialism is political, both in theory We have also gone a long way on the revelation in which he instructed and practice. It is thus exposed to, the road to public ownership and the Prophet Joseph Smith to appeal

and riddled by, the corruption that management of the vital means of for help, plagues and finally destroys all politiproduction. In both of these areas the "According to the laws and constical governments that undertake to free agency of Americans has been tution of the people, which I have

abridge man's agency. greatly abridged. Some argue that we suffered to be established, and should

(5) A righteous people is a prehave voluntarily surrendered this power be maintained for the rights and prorequisite to the United Order. to government. Be this as it may, the tection of all flesh, according to just

Socialism argues that it as a system fact remains that the loss of freedom and holy principles;

will eliminate the evils of the profit with the consent of the enslaved, or "That every man may act in docmotive. even at their request, is nonetheless trine and principle pertaining to

The United Order exalts the poor slavery. futurity, according to the moral agency

and humbles the rich. In the process As to the fruits of socialism, we all which I have given unto him, that

both are sanctified. The poor, rehave our own opinions. I myself have every man may be accountable for his

leased from the bondage and humiliatwatched its growth in our own country own sins in the day of judgment.

ing limitations of poverty, are enabled and observed it in operation in many "And for this purpose have I estabas free men to rise to their full potenother lands. But I have yet to see or lished the Constitution of this land,

tial, both temporally and spiritually. hear of its freeing the hearts of men by the hands of wise men whom I

The rich, by consecration and by imof selfishness and greed or of its bringraised up unto this very purpose...."

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (D&C 101:7778, 80.) and progress, and have the right to use again the words of President

Previously he had said: worship as we are worshipping here Clark:

"And now, verily I say unto you today, we must have the great guaran- "... in lieu of residues and surconcerning the laws of the land, it is tees that are set up by our Constitupluses which were accumulated and

my will that my people should obtion. There is no other way in which built up under the United Order, we,

serve to do all things whatsoever I we can secure these guarantees."(Contoday, have our fast offerings, our

command them. ference Report, October 1942, pp. 58Welfare donations, and our tithing,

"And that law of the land which is 59.) all of which may be devoted to the

constitutional, supporting that prinNow, not forgetting our duty to care of the poor, as well as for the ciple of freedom in maintaining rights eschew socialism and support the just carrying on of the activities and busiand privileges, belongs to all mankind, and holy principles of the Constituness of the Church."

and is justifiable before me. tion, as directed by the Lord, I shall What prohibits us from giving as

"Therefore, I, the Lord, justify you, conclude these remarks with a few much in fast offerings as we would and your brethren of my church, in comments concerning what we should have given in surpluses under the befriending that law which is the condo about the United Order. United Order? Nothing but our own

stitutional law of the land [the test The final words of the Lord in suslimitations.

of its constitutionality in the words of pending the order were: "And let those Furthermore, we had under the

the Lord here is whether it preserves commandments which I have given United Order a bishop's storehouse in man's agency]; concerning Zion and her law be exewhich were collected the materials

"And as pertaining to law of man, cuted and fulfilled, after her redempfrom which to supply the needs and whatsoever is more or less than this, tion."(D&C 105:34.) the wants of the poor. We have a

cometh of evil. Further implementation of the order bishop's storehouse under the Welfare

"I, the Lord God, make you free, must therefore await the redemption Plan, used for the same purpose....

therefore ye are free indeed; and the of Zion. Here Zion means Jackson "We have now under the Welfare

law ["that is, constitutional law] also County, Missouri. When Zion is rePlan all over the Church,... land

maketh you free. deemed, as it most certainly shall be, projects... farmed for the benefit of

"Nevertheless, when the wicked it will be redeemed under a governthe poor....

rule the people mourn. ment and by a people strictly observing "Thus... in many of its great

"Wherefore, honest men and wise those "just and holy principles"of the essentials, we have, [in] the Welfare men should be sought for diligently, Constitution that accord to men their Plan... the broad essentials of the

and good men and wise men ye should Godgiven moral agency, including United Order. Furthermore, having in

observe to uphold; otherwise whatsothe right to private property. If, in the mind the assistance which is being

ever is less than these cometh of evil."meantime, socialism takes over in given from time to time... to help

(D&C 98:4-10.) America, it will have to be displaced, set people up in business or in farming,

These scriptures declare the Constiif need be, by the power of God, bewe have a plan which is not essentution to be a divine document. They cause the United Order can never tially unlike that which was in the

tell us that "according to just and holy function under socialism or "the welUnited Order when the poor were principles,"the Constitution and the fare state,"for the good and sufficient given portions from the common law of the land which supports the reason that the principles upon which fund."

"principle of freedom in maintaining; socialism and the United Order are It is thus apparent that when the

rights and privileges, belongs to all conceived and operated are inimical. principles of tithing and the fast are

mankind, and is justifiable before"In the meantime, while we await properly observed and the Welfare

God; that, "as pertaining to [the] law the redemption of Zion and the earth Plan gets fully developed and wholly

of man, whatsoever is more or less and the establishment of the United into operation, "we shall not be so than this, cometh of evil."They reOrder, we as bearers of the priesthood very far from carrying out the great

mind us that the Lord has made us should live strictly by the principles fundamentals of the United Order."

free and that laws that are constituof the United Order insofar as they (Conference Report, October 1942, pp.

tional will also mike us free. are embodied in present church prac57-58.)

Right at this point, almost as if he tices, such as the fast offering, tithing, The only limitation on you and me were warning us against what is hapand the welfare activities. Through is within ourselves.

pening today, the Lord said: "Neverthese practices we could as individuals, And now in line with these remarks,

theless, when the wicked rule the if we were of a mind to do so, implefor three things I pray:

people mourn."Then, that we might ment in our own lives all the basic (1) That the Lord will somehow

know with certainty what we should principles of the United Order. quicken our understanding of the

do about it, he concluded: "WhereAs you will recall, the principles differences between socialism and the

fore, honest men and wise men should underlying the United Order are conUnited Order and give us a vivid be sought for diligently, and good secration and stewardships and then awareness of the awful portent of those men and wise men ye should observe the contribution of surpluses into the differences.

to uphold...."bishop's storehouse. When the law of (2) That we will develop the underIn its context this instruction, actithing was instituted four years after standing, the desire, and the courage,

cording to my interpretation, can only the United Order experiment was born of the Spirit, to eschew socialism mean that we should seek diligently suspended, the Lord required the and to support and sustain, in the for and support men to represent us people to put "all their surplus property manner revealed and as interpreted by in government who are "wise"enough... into the hands of the bishop"the Lord, those just and holy principles

to understand freedom—as provided (D&C 119:1); thereafter they were to embodied in the Constitution of the

for in the Constitution and as imple- "pay onetenth of all their interest United States for the protection of all."(D&C 119:4.) This flesh, in the exercise of their Godgivenmented in the United Order—and who annually...

are honest enough and good enough law, still in force, implements to a agency.

to fight to preserve it. degree at least the United Order prin- (3) That through faithful observ-

"... under no other government in ciple of stewardships, for it leaves in ance of the principles of tithing, the

the world could the Church have been the hands of each person the ownerfast, and the welfare program, we will established,"said President J. Reuben ship and management of the property prepare ourselves to redeem Zion and

Clark, Jr., and he continued: from which he produces the needs of ultimately live the United Order, in

"... if we are to live as a Church, himself and familv. Furthermore, to the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1966 537 responsibility when it is given him in the Church is in grave danger of losing the guidance of the Spirit.

indifferent to all duties, like the and, No Exaltation Without the Priesthood Eventually he becomes lukewarm and is plant that cultivated not and waPresident Joseph Fielding Smith tered, he shrivels up and dies a

Of the First Presidency and President of the Council of the Twelve spiritual death.

Do you think it will ever be possible

We have had a delightful meeting their priesthood and who have failed for any one of us, no matter how hard to this point, and I hope and pray to do so shall be cast out. Their priestwe labor, or even if we should suffer

that what I say will be for the benefit hood shall be taken from them, and martyrdom, to pay our Father and of all who are listening. they shall find themselves outside the Jesus Christ for the blessings we have

Service in behalf of others is one gates of the City, for they cannot received from them? The great love,

thing required of every soul. He who stand with those who have been faithwith its accompanying blessings, exis able but who will not serve his ful. Theirs shall be a condition of tended to us through the crucifixion,

fellows in some way is not fit to have weeping and gnashing of teeth. "For suffering, and resurrection of Jesus

place among them. Serving others is unto every one that hath shall be Christ is beyond our mortal compreits own reward. When we receive the given,... but from him that hath hension. We never could repay. We

priesthood, we do so with the undernot shall be taken away even that have been bought with a price beyond standing that it will be used for the which he hath."(Matt. 25:29.) Simcomputation—not with gold or silver

benefit of others. This is an obligaply this: We are under obligation as or precious stones, "but with the pretion we take upon us. In fact, priestmen holding the priesthood to put to cious blood of Christ, as of a lamb

hood blesses us in two ways: first, it is service the authority which we have without blemish, and without spot."

the means through which exaltation received. If we do this, then we shall (1 Pet. 1:19.)

comes to those who hold it; second, it have other responsibilities and glory "I stand all amazed at the love Jesus

is to be used in behalf of others that added, and we shall receive an abunoffers me, they also may be blessed. No man is dance, that is, the fullness of the Confused at the grace that so fully he

independent. Put a man off by himFather's kingdom; but if we bury our proffers me;

self, where he could communicate with priesthood, then we are not entitled to I tremble to know that for me he was none of his fellow beings or receive aid receive any reward—wc cannot be crucified,

from them, and he would perish misexalted. That for me a sinner, he suffered, he

erably. It is a mistake for us to draw Every member of the Church should bled and died.

within ourselves as does a snail into try to find some church duty to per- "I think of his hands pierced and its shell. No man has been given the form. Never refuse to serve. When a bleeding to pay the debt!

priesthood as an ornament only. He presiding officer asks your help, be Such mercy, such love, and devotion

is expected to use it in behalf of the glad to accept and give the best you can I forget?

salvation of others. have to that labor. The Lord expects No, no, I will praise and adore at the

Not only is he expected, but he is this of us, and we are under covenant mercy seat, commanded to do so, for the Lord to do so. This course brings joy and Until at the glorified throne I kneel

said, after pointing out the various peace, and at the same time those who at his feet.

offices in the priesthood and the duties serve receive the greatest blessing. The "Oh, it is wonderful that he should

assigned to each: teacher gains more than the one care for me,

"Wherefore, now let every man learn taught; the blessing returned to us Enough to die for me!

his duty, and to act in the office in when we accept a call to work in the Oh, it is wonderful, wonderful to me!"

which he is appointed, in all diligence. Church is far greater than the blessing (Charles H. Gabriel, in Hymns, 80.)

"He that is slothful shall not be we can impart to others. He who reThe Lord bless you, in the name of

counted worthy to stand, and he that fuses to perform any labor or shirks Jesus Christ our Redeemer. Amen.

learns not his duty and shows himself not approved shall not be counted worthy to stand. Even so. Amen."

(D&C 107:99100.)

that the This who means man acThe Wisdom of Keeping the also accepts priesthoodcepts the

it. thatresponsibilities with go He the Word of Wisdom service will give andpromises that he

make himself approved. If he breaks President N. Eldon Tanner

this covenant—for it is a covenant Of the First Presidency

then he will have to stand among those who do not exercise priesthood; Brethren: It is good to be with you of tea won't hurt you; one cigarette

he cannot stand among those who are this evening in our general priesthood won't hurt you; a drink won't hurt

approved. Let every man who holds meeting and to have the priesthood you; it's getting the habit that will

the priesthood understand that he canmeeting in over 400 different places, bother you. And we kids used to think

not enter into exaltation without the listening to these services tonight. that the Church was prudish and odd

priesthood. If he refuses to use that We are very happy to have President for trying to get us to do things that

priesthood when it is conferred upon McKay with us. We shall hear his made us look funny in the sight of

him, he will not be found worthy to message later. the boys with whom we associated

hold it in that day when men are re- I wish to say a few words about the who were not members of the Church.

warded according to their works. Word of Wisdom. When I was a I would like to say just a few words

Each man holding the priesthood boy and they talked about the Word about the breaking of the Word of should learn his duty from the Parable of Wisdom, all I thought of was that Wisdom and what it means to us, the of the Talents; for when the Lord shall this was a religious requirement. In danger of tampering with things that

come, like rewards shall be given us. fact, we were told a good many times: the Lord has told us not to tamper

Many who have promised to magnify A cup of coffee won't hurt you; a cup with, both as it affects our bodies and

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA as it affects our ability to resist, if we cumbed, observing that it might help couldn't happen to me. I am just

get on the wrong side of the line. someone else. drinking socially. I am not going to

This has been said about Satan, as Waters told how he started smoking drink much."And they continue to

we read in the Doctrine and Coveat 14, stealing cigarettes from his argue about it until they are in the nants: father's pack, and how he continued gutter.)

"Satan stirreth them up, that he at the rate of two packs a day, even This man of whom I am speaking I may lead their souls to destruction. after suffering a stroke and contracting knew very well, since I was Minister

"And thus he has laid a cunning bronchitis. Doctors discovered cancer of Mines up there. His social drinkplan, thinking to destroy the work of in his left lung. A lobe was removed. ing made him an alcoholic. That poor

God; but I will require this at their Waters gained 10 pounds after the fellow was worked with by his parthands, and it shall turn to their shame September operation and felt fine. Four ner, he was worked with by his

and condemnation in the day of judgmonths later pain returned. The doctor friends, he was encouraged in every

ment. removed fluid from his chest cavity way to quit this drinking, but it was

"Yea, he stirreth up their hearts to but had to tell him that he had little getting the better of him. He said,

anger against this work. time to live. "You are crazy. I can quit drinking

"Yea, he saith unto them: Deceive "Not a soul I've preached to has any time I want to."But finally this

and lie in wait to catch, that ye may stopped smoking,"he wrote from his was his story—of course I knew itdestroy; behold, this is no harm. And hospital bed, "not a single, solitary without his telling it—and I had him

thus he flattereth them, and telleth soul. go to a group of our young men to

them that it is no sin to lie that they "It's one of those things. You altell it: "I didn't realize until I was

may catch a man in lie, that they may ways think, it'll happen to others, but actually in the gutter that I was an destroy him. never to me. When you get lung canalcoholic and couldn't control myself.

"And thus he flattereth them, and cer, God help you."It cost me my business, it cost me my

leadeth them along until he draggeth Like the rest of his story, Waters'wife, it cost me my friends, it cost me their souls down to hell; and thus he conclusion was terse. the respect of everyone who knew me.

causeth them to catch themselves in "I'm short of breath. I can't take I was literally in the gutter because I

their own snare. five steps without having to sit. took the first drink."And he added,

"And thus he goeth up and down, "The cancer has gone to my liver "I want to tell you, young men, no to and fro in the earth, seeking to deand I don't know where else. man can afford to take one drink of

stroy the souls of men."(D&C "I don't have a ghost of a chance. alcohol. I don't care who he is, how

10:2227.) "It's too late for me. much he is worth, or if he is a multiThere is no doubt, boys—and you "It may not be for you."millionaire—he cannot afford to take

are the ones I am talking to tonight I want to tell you a little story about one drink of alcohol."

there is no doubt but that Satan is a boy I knew very well, my baby I want to say to you boys, wherever out, going up and down, here and brother, as sweet a boy as I ever knew you are tonight: Realize that you can't

there, trying in every way he can to—kind, considerate of his mother, and afford to play with these things that

destroy us. loved by every member of the family. will take your life. You can't afford

It is an interesting thing that over But he got into wrong company when to do it anyway, because the Lord has 130 years ago a prophet of God said lie was just a little boy, and he started said, "Don't do it."It is being proven

"... tobacco... is not good for using cigarettes. He used to steal in every way that tobacco and alcohol

man,..."(D&C 89:8), and now away and have his smoke, and then are not good for us.

scientists all over the world say that he got to smoking a little more and Let us be men. Let us not be sissies.

tobacco is not good for man. You have a little more, until he became a Anybody can drink, and anybody can

heard it talked about a good deal, but habitual smoker. He had four older smoke. It doesn't take brains to do

I would like to appeal to these boys brothers, and we tried to get him to that. But it does take brains and a

who are listening to me tonight—and quit smoking, to realize that he little willpower and a little sense to

have them appeal to other boys shouldn't be doing it. refuse the first smoke and the first

wherever they may be, and have their He kept saying he was going to quit drink of alcohol. And leave the other

fathers appeal to them—to let them smoking, but just a few years ago he things—tea and coffee—alone as well,

realize what a great danger is involved died of lung cancer. And if anything because they are the first steps to the

in partaking of tobacco and alcohol makes you hate tobacco, it is to have other transgressions.

and these other things that are advised a brother, one of the finest young felMay the Lord bless you that every against. lows that you know, go to his death member in this Church holding the

Dr. William H. Stewart has said because he had that habit of smoking. priesthood—in fact every member

the socalled "nextguy theory"—that He thought when he was a kid, "I will keep the Word of Wisdom, knowit can happen to someone else but can quit any time I want to."In ing that it is a commandment of the

not to me—is the psychology that is fact he used to say so, and he used to Lord. It is for your own good. You

preventing anticigarette campaigns try to quit but he couldn't. are not a sissy. Don't be a fool.

from making more headway. The I want to tell you another story Remember that the priesthood you

fallacy of this kind of reasoning is about a man whom I knew very well hold is the power of God delegated to illustrated in the story of a Honolulu in Calgary, Alberta, one of the outyou to act in his name. He has promreporter, who said, "It just can't hapstanding drillers in the oil business ised that if you magnify your priestpen to me; I'm safe."But this Hawaiian one who was very wellto-do and had hood all that he has is yours.

newsman, Mark Waters, spoke from the biggest string of drilling rigs in I want to bear you my testimony the grave to readers of the Honolulu the whole country. that God lives and that through his

Star Bulletin. Waters died of lung canHe was doing a little social drinkSon, Jesus Christ, the plan of life and

cer at the age of 56 on February 1, the ing. (May I add here, in case I forget salvation has been given to us to let

day the Star Bulletin ran his last story. it, that one out of every 15 who does us know how we can enjoy life here

It was a byline account of a 42year a little social drinking becomes an upon the earth and prepare ourselves rendezvous with his killer. alcoholic. When you are in a group for immortality and eternal life.

The story was written in the hospital where there are 15 men who are drinkMay the Lord bless us to this end five days before his death. Waters ing socially, you are going to find and give us strength to do his will, I

read proof on the story and made final that one will be an alcoholic. Every humbly pray in the name of Jesus

corrections the day before he sucone of them will say, "How silly; it Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1966 539 Sunday Morning Session, April 10, 1966 missionary program of the Church as we are doing, because the Lord has breathed into his work the breath of life, and our people are willing to make every sacrifice at the call of the

Church in order to prove their love of

kingdom and to share the truth with A Testimony Through the Holy Ghost theirthe Lord and their desire to build his fellowmen.

LeGrand Richards When the apostles asked the Savior

Of the Council of the Twelve for the signs of his second coming and the end of the world, after declaring

I rejoice with you, my brothers and lead them into all truth and see them to them what would happen—that

sisters, in the presence of our prophet safely back into the presence of their there would be wars and rumors of this morning and in being able this Father in heaven. This statement wars, that nation should rise against

Easter morning to commemorate the by the Prophet is simply repeating nation and people against people, and resurrection of the Lord and Savior, again, in a sense, what the Savior said that his gospel should be preached in

Jesus Christ. In my heart I thank him to Nicodemus. Remember when he all the world for a witness to all nafor having restored his kingdom to the said, "Except a man be born of water tions (and that is what we are doing

earth in our day, and that those of us and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into as a people today)—the Savior said:

who are assembled here today have a the kingdom of God"(John 3:5.) and "Then shall they deliver you up to be

witness through the Holy Spirit that hence the importance that we have in afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye

the Lord has established his Church this Church the same foundation and shall be hated of all nations for my in the earth. the same power to guide and direct us. name's sake."(Matt. 24:9.) History has

It is my privilege as one of the The promise of the Savior to his recorded how literally that prediction

General Authorities to travel to the apostles prior to his crucifixion was of the Savior has been fulfilled through various stakes of Zion and to some of that he would send another Comforter. the restoration of the gospel in our

the missions, and I always return with There isn't time to go into the details day. The Prophet Joseph Smith and

gratitude in my heart for the faith and of all that he promised that Comforter his brother Hyrum, the patriarch, were faithfulness of the Latterday Saints would do: but he was to lead them put to death by their enemies and

evidenced in so many ways to prove into all truth; he was to make known along with them hundreds of Lattertheir love of the Lord and their desire unto them things present, things past, day Saints. My grandfather's brother

to help build his kingdom and to bring things which are to come; he was to was shot down in cold blood at the

honor and credit to his holy name and take from the Father and from the Son Haun's Mill Massacre, and our people blessing to his children. and reveal it unto them. And so the were driven from pillar to post until

The apostle James said: "... shew Savior said: they came here to these valleys of the

me thy faith without thy works, and I "And I will pray the Father, and he mountains. But the Lord didn't intend

will shew thee my faith by my works."shall give you another Comforter, that that they would always suffer persecu-

(Jas. 2:18.) I want to tell you that he may abide with you for ever; tion. He told the Prophet Joseph and

I am proud of the way the Latterday "Even the Spirit of truth; whom the his companions that he would give

Saints are showing their faith in God world cannot receive, because it seeth them power to lay the foundation of and their love for him by the works him not, neither knoweth him: but ye his Church and that he would

that they perform. know him; for he dwelleth with you, bring forth out of darkness and

Now, I thought in the few moments and shall be in you."(John 14:1617.) obscurity the only true and living

that I have to address you this morning I think one of the most positive and Church upon the face of the whole that I would like to use for a text what powerful demonstrations of what this earth, "with which I, the Lord, am the Prophet Joseph Smith said in an Holy Spirit, the Comforter, can do for well pleased, speaking unto the church interview with the President of the a man, as we find recorded in Holy collectively and not individually."

United States when the President Writ, is the experience of the great (D&C 1:30.)

asked the Prophet wherein we differ apostle Peter. You remember just prior I was very much intrigued with and

in our religion from the other religions to the Savior's crucifixion Peter said, interested in the experience that of the day. "Though all the world forsake thee, I Brother Marion D. Hanks of the First

The Prophet's answer was: "... we will not forsake thee."(See Matt. 26: Council of the Seventy had a few years

differed in mode of baptism, and the 33.) And you recall the Savior said ago when President Eisenhower called

gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying that before the cock would crow that a youth conference in Washington to on of hands. We considered that all he would deny him thrice. But after which over 7,000 delegates came to

other considerations were contained in he had tarried at Jerusalem, according discuss what could be done to help the the gift of the Holy Ghost...."(Docuto the command of the Savior, and he young people, the youth of this great

mentary History of the Church, Vol. had received the Holy Ghost, we have land of America. Brother Hanks was

4, p. 42.) a different Peter. When he was comasked to give the keynote address—not

I thank the Lord that in the restoramanded that he should no more preach just to give a talk but to lay the fountion of the gospel this promise has been Christ and him crucified in the streets dation for the discussion at that great given to all who enter into the waters of Jerusalem, his answer was, "We convention. When Brother Hanks sat

of baptism by the mode that he has ought to obey God rather than men."down, the man conducting the convenspecified and that at the hands of those (Acts 5:29.) tion made this statement:

who have the authority to administer If the Lord had not placed in his "As I sat here, I reflected that Mr.

the same and by the laying on of Church of today his Holy Spirit, we Hanks comes from people that were hands, they become recipients of the would not be the Church that we are; driven from our region of the country

Holy Ghost. I would rather have my we could not have accomplished what because of the things they believed,

children and my children's children we have accomplished; the Saints that suffered bitter persecution for

enjoy the companionship of the Holy could not have endured all the privatheir ideals, that went finally to the

Ghost than any other companionship tions, hardships, and persecutions far reaches of the country where they in this world because if they will heed through which they have passed; thought themselves away from all of

the promptings of that Spirit, he will neither could we carry on the great this.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Now we have invited a leader of of Israel at which 98 of them were gift of the Holy Ghost was the most that people to come here to talk to us called to go on missions. They were important one.

of the same ideals and principles for all married men. In those days they We see that in everything about us.

which we drove them away."didn't ask them if they wanted to go. Take the Choir here—all these years

It takes truth a long time to travel. They were told in that meeting that we don't have to pay them. They can't

They crucified our Lord, but think of their missions would not be very long do that in other churches. And not

what the world is doing today in—that they would be separated from only that, there are so many other

recognition of his ministry. And so this their families only from three to seven things.

work that God the Eternal Father has years. Many of them were sent so far Take, for instance, the law of tithing,

established in the earth in our day has away that they couldn't even hear from which Bishop Simpson talked about the been proclaimed by the prophets that their families in less than six months other day. While I was serving in the

it shall never be thrown down or given time. And then the brother in charge, Southern States Mission, an itinerant

to another people, but it shall roll Heber C. Kimball, said, "If any of you preacher came to the South telling the

forth until it shall become as a great men refuse to go, there isn't a wife churches how they could get out of mountain and fill the whole earth. that will remain with you, because debt. I went to listen to him. He told

This spirit of sacrifice is in the there isn't a Mormon woman who them that if they would pay their

Church. Notwithstanding the persecuwould live with a man a year, or a tithing for ten months, they could get

tions heaped upon our people, they day, if he refused to go on a mission."their churches out of debt. Then he

continued to send their representative, Now that same spirit carries through quoted the words of Malachi indicating mostly married men, into the mission to this very day. that it was the Lord's law of blessing

field in the early days. We are told Here just a few years ago, when we his people. I went to him after the

that after President Brigham Young were still letting young married men meeting and was introduced to him, accepted the gospel, for the next ten go on missions, I interviewed a young and I said, "Reverend, I would like to years he spent almost his entire time man for his mission; and when I saw bear you my testimony that you are

in the mission field, and when he went the recommend from his bishop, I getting near the truth. I am a Mormon

on his first mission, he didn't even noted that he was a married mar. elder. We have been paying our tithing

have an overcoat. He took a quilt from I said, "Does your wife want you to all our lives. One thing I can't undersay this his it is the Lord's ofthe mission?"bed, trundle wife law and on made go stand—you

If it is, children. blessing of his pair said, of of a certainly does."old panta- "She a cap outhim He why

loons. At the end of the ten years he I said, "Why didn't you bring her don't you ask them to pay tithing all

said all he had ever had as a reward so I could ask her?"their lives? If it would be good to be

for his service was the half of a small He said, "I couldn't; she's in the blessed for ten months, wouldn't it be

pig that the Prophet Joseph divided hospital. She gave birth to our first better to be blessed all their lives?"

with him and that had been given to child this morning."He said, "Oh, Mr. Richards, we can't

him by one of the brethren. What be- I said, "Then let's go to the hosgo that far. If we can get them to pay

sides the testimony of the Holy Ghost pital."We went to the hospital, and for ten months, we will do pretty

could have led a great leader like there was that young wife with her well."

Brigham Young to spend ten years little babe in her arms. I said, "Do Speaking now of the gift of the Holy

without any remuneration in order to you want this husband of yours to go Ghost, I want to tell you another exshare with the world the wonderful on a mission?"perience. Brother [Melvin J.] Ballard

truths of the gospel? My grandfather, She said, "I certainly do. When we was up in the Northwest as president

of the first 14 years of his married life, married we decided that our marriage of the mission. In those days that

spent ten of them in the mission field would not stand in the way of his country was not as well settled as it is away from his family. In this Church mission. My parents are able to take now. A colonizer up there had heard

today there are many, many families care of me and our baby and are about how the Mormons were colonizin which there isn't a male member willing to, and I want him to go."ers, how they had settled these towns

old enough to go on a mission who He filled an honorable mission. all up and down through these valleys

hasn't filled a mission. My grandWe go through the missions, and we of the mountains. He came down and

father, my father, my brothers, my meet for hours with these missionaries wrote a brief on the program of the sons, my wife's father, her brothers in their missionary meetings with not Mormon Church. Then he went back,

why! we are a missionary people. To- a dry eye there. They bear their testibut he couldn't make it work, so he

day we have over 12,000 in the mission monies and say that before they came brought his brief to Brother Ballard field at their own expense just to share on their missions they heard missionand asked him if he would read it and the truths of the gospel with those who aries say that their mission was the tell him what was the matter with it.

know not what the Lord has done in happiest time of their lives. "We Brother Ballard read it, and he said,

the restoration of his Church to the didn't believe a word of it. Now we "You have here a perfect corpse; if

earth in our day. Among those there know what they were talking about."somebody would just breathe into it

are many families that have two and I met a man up in the Northwest the breath of life, then it would work three missionaries in the field at the who was a convert to the Church, and for you."I thank the Lord that he

same time. That spirit of sacrifice is he had just returned from his mission. has breathed into this Church the

still in the Church. Men give up their He said, "I wouldn't take a check for breath of life.

businesses. I had a friend of mine come a million dollars for the experience of We had a convention here not long

in my office; he had been on two my mission."ago—a ministerial convention. On

missions. A married man, he said, I interviewed another young man Sunday they took the ministers to our

"Brother Richards, if I sell my home there who had served several years in various wards to attend the Sunday and my automobile I can go on another the armed forces. He said, "There School. Out here in a certain ward

mission."He was willing to go for a isn't a company in this world that where they have about twenty departthird time and then come back and could offer me a large enough salary ments, they took a particular minister

start all over again. to get me to leave my mission."right through every department. On

After our Saints had been driven Can anybody in the world plant the way back to the general assembly, from the East into these valleys of the such feelings in the hearts of people the minister said, "It must cost you a mountains, five years after their arrival except through the testimony of the lot of money to run an institution like here, a convention was held in the old Holy Ghost? No wonder the Prophet this."

tabernacle on this block for the elders indicated that of all considerations the The brother showing him around

JUNE I9GS 541 called the caretaker over and said, And then that missionary said, "If I looked in her eyes and not with sur- "Tell this man how many are on the you will let me baptize you before I prise payroll."go home, I promise you that within a Saw the dreamlight of youth resting

He said, "I am the only one. I keep year from now you will be in America there.

the buildings clean."Well, they just with your family, earning three times 'Yes, I know it is coming,'she shyly

can't do it, and I have had experiences what you are earning now."replied,

with them to know. He said, "That's a good enough 'And if you never will tell,

Speaking of the law of tithing being promise for me."And he was baptized. There's a wedding that day and I'm

a law of blessing of the people, the He said that he didn't see how it going away

Lord said, "... and prove me now could happen—he was under contract To a dear little home on the hill.'

herewith... if I will not open you with his company to work for three

the windows of heaven...."(Mai. years, and he knew he wouldn't break "'Easter is coming,'I said to a man,

3:10.) his contract. But he was able to have To whom middleage brought no re-

I think I have time to tell you one his contract bought off, and the comprieve.

experience of when I was on a mission pany released him. Within one year His silvering hair told of worry and

back in the Eastern States. One of our he was in America with his family, care,

branch presidents was a large tithe earning four times as much as he was And his voice held a note of peeve.

payer—paidthe clock ticked—andevery monthI saidas regularto him,as whenised himthatthreeMormontimesmissionaryas much. prom-I told 'Don'tcan hear,talk about Easter, that's all I

"You must have a wonderful testimony that story a few years ago from this Easter hats, Easter gowns, Easter shoes, of the law of tithing."pulpit. At the close of the meeting one And for ruffles and frills, old Dad pays

He said, "I have."of the mission presidents sitting right the bills,

I said, "Would you tell me what down in front came up to me and said, Do you wonder I'm down with the it is?""Brother Richards, I was the young blues?'

He told me that his wife and chilman who made the promise."

dren joined the Church over in Brothers and sisters, I say to you that "'Easter is coming,'I said to a man

England a few years before that; and if you will love the Lord and serve With bent form and beard white as

when he told me who the missionary him and keep his commandments, you snow.

it get will His of the dim out can eyes grew bright with a wonold I learnedwas, was an MIA never red—you

light der the something. always Lord owing in beteacher Tooele. out from of mine

Then he said, "I didn't join the He has a way of paying and compenAnd his withered old face was aglow.

Church, because I didn't have the faith sating that is worth more than all the 'Ah, friend, 'tis a message I fain would to pay my tithing. Then one day a wealth of this world. And this is my proclaim

young missionary who was being retestimony to you. I know this is the To striving humanity.

leased came to me and said, 'Brother work of God, the Eternal Father. I To me it means life, resurrection of

, I want to baptize you before I know that God lives, that Jesus is the youth, go home!'I told him, 'You can't.'Christ. I am so proud to be one of To endure through eternity.'

"Why can't I?"his witnesses. I leave you my witness

"Because I haven't the faith to pay in the name of the Lord, Jesus Christ. "I pondered their answers for many a

my tithing."Amen. day,

For each with its meaning was fraught,

And each one so different, yet, right in its way, But what was the answer I sought?

the cost, life, youth, and love have their How One Can Know That God Lives WhileMust pleasure come foremost, whatever

Paul H. Dunn day?

Of the First Council of the Seventy And must the true meaning of Easter be lost My beloved brothers and sisters, and menced to think about the real meanTill we come to the end of the way?

I include all who listen in that salutaing of Easter, as we do on these tion, I have been moved by the testioccasions. It reminded me of the de- "As springtime approaches with beckmonies and the witnesses that have lightful poem that Grace Daniels has oning hands

borne evidence again these past days recorded for us. Let me share it with And the promise of things 'born anew,'

and this morning to me of the truthyou: And Easter draws near with its myriad

fulness of the gospel. I am grateful "EASTER IS COMING"of plans,

for this opportunity to declare to you Just what does it mean to you?"

the inner feelings of my heart. It "'Easter is coming,'I said to a boy,

was just a few days ago that my little A wee, little lad, by the way; I am sure to many of us it means

sixyear-old daughter, Kellie, came His eyes were bright and he smiled new clothes, perhaps a vacation from rushing up to me and, throwing herwith delight school, spring at last, or the beginning self into my arms with all the exuberAs he quickly looked up from his play. of baseball season. These are all quite

ance that only youth can display, she 'Oh, yes, I know Easter, for that is the wonderful and vital to us, but they said, "Daddy, did you know it is only time are not the real reasons we celebrate three more days until Easter?"I asWhen the bunny brings eggs red and Easter.

sured her that I did. Then she, with an blue, Just a few weeks ago I stood beside

anxious look, wanted to know just what And inside they're just like what old the casket of a very close friend who it all meant, and so we took a moment chickie lays, had been taken in the prime of his to visit. We talked about the eternal But some are real candy, too.'life, leaving a young widow and four

things that have been so prominent in tiny children. And as we stood in

this conference. As we discussed the "'Easter is coming,'I said to a maid, that sacred room while the family said

eternal verities of the gospel of Jesus With brown eyes and shining brown their last goodbyes, my, it tugged at

Christ on a sixyear-old plane, I comhair. my heartstrings to watch a little four542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

yearold boy slip his hand into that of lawyer, the teacher, the mechanic, the scientific experience, is just as real and his mother and, wistfully looking up spiritual leaders, and many other may also be a valid source of knowlat her, ask the question, "Mama, will persons for guidance in particular edge, but it is often either more we ever see Daddy again?"I am sure problems. The student of chemistry, general or more unique and, therefore,

this scene has been repeated many for example, does not begin from somewhat more difficult to communitimes throughout all the world, bescratch to rely upon his own expericate to others.

cause death brings us face to face ence. He uses the efforts of the Experiences of this type play an

with the question of the ages. To teacher, the text, the reference book, important role in religion. Many

quote Job as we frequently do at this and other sources of authority. To religious principles can be practiced

time of the year, "If a man die, shall bypass such a vast accumulation of and experienced in everyday life. The

he live again?"(Job 14:14.) knowledge would be folly indeed. validity of religion does not rest on

It was just 21 years ago on another Likewise, in religion we have prefaith alone. We feel and observe the

Easter morning when a great armada served for us the sayings and teachings effects of selfishness, greed, lust, and of ships assembled in the bay off the and testimonies of Moses, of Amos, of hate. We also observe and feel the

island of Okinawa. And on that Paul; of Alma in the Book of Mormon; opposite effects of unselfishness, genEaster morn as I looked upon the faces of Joseph Smith in his life and teacherosity, purity of heart, and love. Faith

of those who were to take the beach, ings; and of course, of the Christ. and repentance and forgiveness are not

one of the great, great questions of all These were not persons who were abstract principles but are real parts of the ages seemed again to be registered eccentric, but individuals who were life. Prayer and worship are religious

by those men. "What hope is there in significant in stature, living in reallife experiences for those who participate

the future?"situations, claiming wisdom from God, in them with faith.

The answer came to me, I believe, and bearing personal testimony that And finally, revelation. Despite the

in the midst of one of my darkest these things that are recorded in our great emphasis on reason and the hours. As I pushed ashore with my scriptures are indeed true. They too experience of science, inspiration (or

buddies, I crawled a few feet into the deserve an honest hearing. intuition, as some have preferred to

sand, and there I found a young Second, reason or thinking. In man's define it) also plays a very important

soldier in the last moment of this life. search for truth, the mind plays a role in discovering truth. Scientists

I didn't know his name, nor could I leading role. Man, as a child of God, have testified that some of their most

tell you to which faith he belonged. was created in the image of his Heavprofound insights have come to them,

As I tried to give him a little bit of enly Father, the glory of whose not in the labored process of logical comfort, his last words were these: intelligence is reflected in the beauty thought, but as unexpected, unpre-

"Out of this filth, death, destruction, and orderliness of the universe. Why meditated hunches, possibly as flashes

will come a new world and a new should man, God's child living in his from the imagination, the subconscious way of life."In the face of what world, not trust his own mind and use mind, or even from God. They, too,

seemed to be his defeat, he saw the it earnestly as one avenue by which he recognize inspiration as a source of real victory. And almost in a providencan come to know the truth about knowledge.

tial way, just a few yards from where reality—in this case, the resurrection? Revelation is communication from

he lay was a patch of Easter lilies, The mind has the ability to weave God to man. It is another avenue to

signifying to those who would observe the separate experiences of life into truth, to a correct knowledge of reality.

the new birth and the new way of life. larger and more unified views. Each Revelation includes all the other

It was later I discovered that Okinawa day the mind is bombarded with avenues.

was the Easter lily capital of the numerous ideas, impressions, percep- A prophet is not without experience

Orient. tions, and feelings from without and in human life, for he lives among men

It is when we encounter experiences from within. These enter the mind in and with himself. He is not insensitive

such as these that questions are often a disorganized and miscellaneous to good and evil, right and wrong, joy raised that one wants to know, and fashion, but the human mind has the and sorrow, life and death. Questions

rightly so: How can we know the ability to bring a measure of order out and problems come to his mind. He

reality of the resurrection? Is it true? of chaos by establishing meaningful thinks, he reflects, and he searches for

One of the great educators of our relationships among phenomena that the answers; and then—and this step

Church, Dr. Lowell Bennion, has listed it experiences. is distinctive in the life of a prophet

for us four ways by which we can come However, reason alone is not a sufhe turns to God in humility and faith.

to know truth or reality. First, he says, ficient guide to truth. For, as Goethe When the answer comes, it is usually

by accepting it on the authority of has said, "Human life divided by reanot in an audible tone, although it someone else; second, by thinking; son leaves a remainder."Through can be and often has been in both

third, by experiencing; and fourth, by reason alone one cannot choose a former and latter days, but more often

feeling, which we in this Church mate, find God, br'determine all it comes through the "still, small would call inspiration or revelation. things of greatest value. voice"of the Comforter. This ComLet me just discuss for a moment Third, experience. One of the most forter, the Spirit of Truth, clarifies the

each of these channels by which we trustworthy avenues to truth lies along mind of the prophet and causes his come to know. the path of experience. Each of us has bosom to burn within him so that he

First, authority. There was a time a rich amount of it, for it is common knows the will of God. Then he dewhen a prodigious mind, such as that to all. In the affairs of everyday life, clares it to man. The testimony or

of Aristotle and Herbert Spencer, could we learn to trust experience. We learn reality of these things can be the persurvey the entire field of human sweetness by taste, softness by touch, sonal experience of every honest,

knowledge and draw conclusions. But colors by sight, and joy and sorrow, seeking individual in the world.

with the great accumulation of knowllove and hate directly in life situations. Through these channels man has come

edge that has been derived through There is no substitute for experience, to know the reality of Christ's life, specialization, no single person can and without it we cannot know the divine mission, death, and eventual grasp all of the learning that is now truth. resurrection.

available to mankind. For this reason Two types of experience have been In answer to the questions: "If a

man is compelled to rely upon the described: that which is based on man die, shall he live again?"and

experience or authority of others for science and its discoveries and that "What hope is there for the future?"

some of his information. Each of us which is common to all of us in every- I summarize the words of our prophet,

turns to the doctor, the dentist, the day life. The latter, which is a nonseer, and revelator, President David O.

JUNE I96S 543 McKay, who spoke yesterday: gospel brings happiness and peace. wrought the atonement, which made

To sincere believers in Christianity, "He is not here,"said a witness many possible the redemption of the soul in to all who accept Christ as their years ago, "but is risen."(Luke 24:6.) all its glorified implications. We beSavior, his resurrection is not a symbol Because Christ does live, so shall we. lieve and know him to be divine, the

but a reality. As Christ lived after And then President McKay bore his Son of God, our Heavenly Father, and

death, so shall all men, each taking sacred witness to that effect. who himself being a separate and dishis place in the next world for which And I would like to declare to tinct personage also is a God. This is

he has best fitted himself. With this President McKay and to all of you this abundantly attested to in the holy

assurance, obedience to eternal law day that I too know that my Redeemer scriptures and by direct and divine should be a joy, not a burden, for lives, and I give you that witness in manifestation to the Prophet Joseph compliance with the principles of the the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. Smith.

There are many who will deny his divinity and ascribe unto him the rank of teacher and perhaps prophet. Many

there are of his professed disciples, who speak from the pulpits that bear his name, who turn away when challenged as his divinity. actuality of to the Man's Eternal Destiny trends of faith in weakening The

Alvin R. Dyer Christ today are the same as in the

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve time of test when he ministered among men upon the earth. He taught them

This morning I shall speak of him In our hearts we feel much the same in the hills of Judea and on the shores whom we honor this [Easter] day and as the two who walked unbeknown to of Galilee; he satisfied them with

always, Jesus Christ, the Son of God, them with the resurrected Christ, miracles and fed them with loaves and known to his contemporaries as Jesus Cleopas and another, who, while fishes. The multitude followed him

of Nazareth and the Son of the carpenwalking to Emmaus at the time of the everywhere he went, but when the ter. He taught the true meaning and resurrection, were discussing Jesus as time came for him to tell them of his

purpose of life, which led Paul to say they journeyed. The Master joined divine mission and that he was the Son

"If in this life only we have hope in them and opened the scriptures to of God, they turned from him and

Christ, we are of all men most misertheir eyes. Impressed, they asked him walked no more with him. Accept him

able."(1 Cor. 15:19.) to tarry with them as they stopped as a teacher and a provider of both

The story of the birth and life of to be refreshed. physical and spiritual food? Yes!

Jesus of Nazareth is now accepted Not knowing that he was the resurAcknowledge him as the Son of God almost universally by all mankind. But rected Christ, they asked further quesand divine? No, this they could not do,

the power and efficacy of his earthlife tions but did not understand his and they turned away from him.

existence and the purpose of it are answers. But they talked together What of Christ today? Nearly 2,000

subjects of controversy, also univerconcerning the events of the past days years have passed since his glorificasally. Even within the realms of a that had greatly disturbed the area tion. Men ignore the purpose and the

Christendom there exists a vast canyon around about. The Christ also asked meaning of existence for which he gave

of variance as to who he is, the purpose them questions, and alarmed at his his life, yet will give credence to the of his mission, and the meaning of life questions Cleopas said: exhumed doctrines of the madman

that he propounded. "Art thou only a stranger in JeruNietzsche and the immoralist Plato,

In the eyes of many of his contemsalem, and hast not known the things who taught that God is dead and that poraries he was a disturber, an inciter which are come to pass there in these man drifts in an endless nothingness, to political division. We have this days? that mankind generally has no spirifrom Pundit Nehru, the Indian leader, "And [Jesus] said unto them, What tual contact with God the Father and

and I quote: things? And they said unto him, his glorified Son. These live in the

"Jesus talked a strange language of Concerning Jesus of Nazareth, which shadows of confusion, without a sense revolt against existing conditions and was a prophet mighty in deed and of reference or a cause for being. Here

the social order. In particular he was word before God and all the people."are the soul cries of some of these men:

against the rich and the hypocrites who (Luke 24:1819.) "Until a man figures out the trap

made of religion a matter of certain Then said they: We had supposed and hunts... the ultimate ground of

observances and ceremonial. Instead of him to be the one to redeem our being,"ponders one, "he has no reason

promising wealth and glory, he asked people, but now he is gone, having at all for his existence. Empty, finite,

people to give up even what they had been turned over to the high priests. he knows only that he will soon die.

for a vague and mythical Kingdom of Yet they said it has been three days, Since this life has no meaning, and he

Heaven. He talked in stories and and we wonder. Still, a woman among sees no future life, he is not really a

parables, but it is clear that he was a us has been to the grave, and he is not person but a victim of self extinction."

born rebel who could not tolerate there. Others of us have also been to Another has exclaimed: "How long

existing conditions and was out to the sepulcher, and we found him not. can man bear emptiness?"Still

change them. This was not what the What does it all mean? another: "Here is what frightens me.

Jews wanted, and so most of them Then said Jesus unto them, "O fools, To see the sense of life dissipated. To

turned against him and handed him and slow of heart to believe...."see our reason for existence disappear.

over to the Roman authorities."Later their eyes were open and they That is what is intolerable. Men can-

(Glimpses of World History [New knew him, but he had vanished. Said not live without meaning."(Look,

York: The John Day Company, 1942], they: "Did not our heart burn within July 27, 1963, p. 19.) And from still

p. 85.) us, while he talked with us by the another: "When I consider the short

But to the humble and sincere who way...?"(Luke 24:25, 32.) duration of my life, swallowed up in

believed his message, he was worAs we contemplate his life and miseternity before and after, the little shiped and loved. sion, our hearts burn within us, for we space I fill, and even can see, engulfed

We who are here today have a firm know that he lives. in the infinite immensity of space of

conviction of the true purpose of his He is Christ the Lord, the Redeemer which I am ignorant, and which knows mission and life. of mankind, who according to the plan me not, I am frightened, and am as544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tonished being here rather than there, (Human Destiny [New York: Longwith spiritual.

why now rather than then."mans, Green and Co., 1947], p. 3.) But "But the natural man receiveth not

The immensity of the universe and make use of it he must if he is to find the things of the Spirit of God: for

man's relationship to time and eternity God and the meaning of life. they are foolishness unto him: neither

cause him to ask over and over again: Scientific, religious, and educational can he know them, because they are

Who am I? Where did I come from? thought that is bent on revising and spiritually discerned."(1 Cor. 2:9-14.)

What is my destiny? Why should man supposedly amplifying man's knowlIn conclusion, in these times of stress

come into mortal existence and then edge and that does not keep alive the a revelation to the Prophet Joseph fade and die? fundamental concept of the eternal Smith might well be repeated with

The answer to this is that the way nature of God and his Beloved Son significant meaning:

to eternal life is in the knowledge of and their relationship to man in "Hearken, O ye people of my

God and Jesus Christ whom he hath eternity creates only secular concepts church, to whom the kingdom has sent. Heeding not this eternal truth, and mere rationalization. Such indocbeen given; hearken ye and give ear

men are groping in darkness. The way trination imposes false direction, reto him who laid the foundation of the

out of the shadows into the light is in tarding man's natural response to the earth, who made the heavens and all the revealed wisdom of the gospel of truth. the hosts thereof, and by whom all

Jesus Christ communicated unto the But man may know of the eternal things were made which live, and spirit of man. But he must respond to truths of redemption made effectual by move, and have a being.

this unmistakable truth of eternal life the atoning sacrifice of the Son of God. "And again I say, hearken unto my

by the innate power within himself. Concerning this the Apostle Paul devoice, lest death shall overtake you; in

Exposed to the truth in this manner, clared: an hour when ye think not the summer

he will see and feel his life calibrated "But as it is written, Eye hath not shall be past, and the harvest ended, to eternal existence and will thus be seen, nor ear heard, neither have enand your souls not saved.

in the way of joy and perfection; tered into the heart of man, the things "Listen to him who is the advocate

herein lies the true meaning of the which God hath prepared for them with the Father, who is pleading your resurrection of the Christ, who as the that love him. cause before him."(D&C 45:1-3.)

pattern for all men proclaimed, "I am "But God hath revealed them unto It is my sincere conviction that God the way, the truth, and the life: no us by his Spirit: for the Spirit searcheth has literally spoken unto a prophet at

man cometh unto the Father, but by all things, yea, the deep things of God. this crucial time in our world's history.

me."(John 14:6.) "For what man knoweth the things The truth has been restored. Each must

Concerning a fullness of joy obtained of a man, save the spirit of man which stand the burden of his own blame if through resurrection, the Lord revealed is in him? even so the things of God he does not take advantage of the rethis thought to Joseph Smith: "For knoweth no man, but the Spirit of vealed knowledge about God and his

man is spirit. The elements are eternal God. Son Jesus Christ, who is the author of

[meaning the natural body], and spirit "Now we have received, not the the plan of salvation that gives to and element, inseparably connected spirit of the world, but the spirit which mankind the purpose and meaning of [as in resurrection], receive a fulness is of God; that we might know the life and of man's eternal destiny. The

of joy."(D&C 93:33.) things that are freely given to us of heralds of truth representing the

But it is impossible for man, as man, God. Church and kingdom of God restored

devoid of revelation from God to un- "Which things also we speak, not to earth are this day among the nations derstand the plan of life and salvation. in the words which man's wisdom of mankind throughout the world

Jacob, a righteous son of the prophet teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost declaring this message. To this I tesLehi, declared: "... great and marvelteacheth; comparing spiritual things tify in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

ous are the works of the Lord. How

unsearchable are the depths of the mysteries of him; and it is impossible

that man should find out all his ways.

And no man knoweth of his ways save it be revealed unto him...."(Jac.

4:8.) Without divine communication man In His Steps

stands confused about his own exisEzra Taft Benson tence. He is faced with many conOf the Council of the Twelve

flicting concepts of the meaning of life and of his destiny, or no meaning Humbly I approach this sacred my remarks today especially to our and destiny at all! To find the way assignment on this glorious Easter youth of the free world for whom I

to an understanding of himself, man Sunday. have great hope and a fervent prayer.

must, as a beginning, rely upon normal Today as a great Christian nation My text, from Luke in the New innate instincts. This inner force is a nation with a spiritual foundation Testament, stands out boldly in its

personal; it is instinctive. But he must we join the Christian world in comimpressive beauty. It covers a period

be consciously aware of what this memoration of that allimportant and of 18 years following the return of power can do for him as he responds glorious event—the resurrection of the Jesus from Jerusalem to Nazareth.

to the forces of good and the teachings Lord Jesus Christ. Except for this one rich sentence of

of truth for which the Christ sacrificed I bear witness that Jesus is the Christ, greatest import, the scriptures for this his life. the Savior and Redeemer of the world, 18year period are silent:

The great French philosopher and the very Son of God. "And Jesus increased in wisdom and

teacher Du Nouy spoke with inspiration He was born the Babe of Bethlehem. stature, and in favour with God and

when he said the most effective path He lived and ministered among men. man."(Luke 2:52.)

that can eventually lead to the comHe was crucified on Calvary. Here then in one sentence—14 words

is resurrected. the impressive, revelation. and meaningful,prehension This He of man—is is risen—really

of of 18 years account comprehensive he, says "... is closed appeared to"direct road,"men as a gloriHe has

to a great many people and indepenfied Eternal King—in Palestine and preparation of the Son of God, the

dent of rational thought. Those who also in America. Savior and Redeemer of the world.

can make use of it are fortunate."I bear this witness to all, but direct From these impressively simple

JUNE t966 545 words of Luke we can well take inThe two are meeting daily—-science as more zest and meaning. Robust health

spiration for this hour: a child, revealed religion as the is a noble and worthwhile attainment.

"And Jesus increased in wisdom and mother. Truth is truth, whether labeled Possibly the best measure of the

stature, and in favour with God and science or religion. There can be no stature of men or women is in their

man."conflict. Time is on the side of truth own homes, at their own firesides.

Here in broad outline, in one sucfor truth is eternal. Some of you have already established

cinct sentence—four points—are given Yes, truth is always consistent, homes. Practically all of you will do

striving—mental,the major fields of physical,man's activityspiritual,and whetherto man throughit is revealedhis inspireddirect fromprophetsGod whatso. Asconclusionsyou look hopefullyhave you forward,reached

and social. or comes from the laboratory through about marriage, the home, and family?

Young men and women, remember, the diligent searching of his children Are you planning for honorable it is people—not things—that are alland the influence of the spirit of the parenthood even at the sacrifice perimportant. Character is the one thing Lord upon them. haps of parties, clubs, and other social

we make in this world and take with Youth of the free nations, you face a enticements? Parenthood carries with it

us into the next. God's purpose is to changing world beset with many perpeculiar responsibilities. Are you planbuild people of character, not physical plexities. But while change is and will ning to accept these without quibbling?

monuments to their material accumucontinue to be all about us in the Are you willing to accept and enthrone lations. physical world, we must recognize that motherhood as the highest calling of

Point 1: "And Jesus increased in there are certain heavensent verities, woman?

wisdom...."principles, and values that are eternal. No nation rises above its homes. In

In the 14th chapter of John, Jesus is These never change. building character the church, the

tenderly saying his farewell to his As you travel life's highway, you school, and even the nation stand disciples after the last supper. He tells will encounter theories, proposals, and helpless when confronted with a weakthem that he goes to prepare a place programs that have wide appeal. You ened and degraded home. The good

for them in his Father's house; that will be required to pass your judgment home is the rock foundation—the

where he is, they also may be. And on them. Be not misled. Remember cornerstone of civilization. There can

Thomas says to him: that ideas and theories are either sound be no genuine happiness separate and

"Lord, we know not whither thou or unsound; soundness does not depend apart from a good home, with the oldgoest; and how can we know the way? upon which men hold them. fashioned virtues at its base. If your

"Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, Our inability to explain a thing in nation is to endure, the home must be the truth, and the life: no man cometh terms of our materialism does not safeguarded, strengthened, and restored

unto the Father, but by me."(John disprove its reality. to its rightful importance.

14:5-6.) The road lies before us. It is "Opinions at variance with timeRemember that moral purity is an

clearly marked. honored beliefs, although receiving eternal principle. Its violation destroys

In Proverbs we read: "Happy is the considerable current acceptance, may the noblest qualities and aspirations of

man that findeth wisdom, and the man not always rest on truth."It is the man. Purity is lifegiving; unchastity

that gettetli understanding."(Prov. truth that endures. It is the truth that is deadly.

3:13.) makes men courageous enough to beMoral purity is one of the greatest

This same Jesus who increased in come Christlike. It is the truth that bulwarks of successful homemaking.

wisdom declared to a modern prophet: makes men and nations free. Yes, be Happy and successful homes—let alone"Seek not for riches but for wisdom, intelligent. Intelligence is the wise and individual lives—cannot be built on

and behold, the mysteries of God shall judicious use of knowledge. immorality.

be unfolded unto you, and then shall Continue to grow mentally—to grow Youthful sweethearts, be true toyou be rich."(D&G 6:7.) in wisdom—to grow in truth. Desire it! God's holy laws. Remember they canIt was once thought, and still is in Pray for it! Study it! Practice it! not be broken with impunity. If you

some places, that when a young man Do all this and you will find truth; would be happy and successful in your

sets out upon a quest for academic it cannot be denied you. Having found early association, courtship, and homeknowledge, his faith in God would it, never forget its source, remembering building, conform your lives to the

soon be destroyed. Our youth generally always that "the glory of God is ineternal laws of heaven. There is no

are living proof to the contrary. It is telligence, or, in other words, light and other way.

not the search for knowledge—nor truth."(D&C 93:36.) And in so doing you shall increase

stature.""in his in increased Jesus "And costs a wisdom.knowledge man itself—that

..faith. It is."Like in Point of the master, rather the conceit footsmall 3: "And Jesus increased... in whose

minds proving anew that a little steps you should follow, may you confavour with... man."

knowledge can be a dangerous thing. stantly increase in wisdom. The formula for successful relationIt is intellectual pride that leads one Point 2: "And Jesus increased in ships with others boils down to that

to think he is selfsufficient in matters... stature...."divine cod known as the Golden Rule:

of mind and of spirit. Let us ever You, the youth of the free world, are "Therefore all things whatsoever ye

realize the vast difference that exists the trustees of posterity. The future of would that men should do to you, do

between discovery of the truth and the your country will, sooner than you ye even so to them...."(Matt. 7:12.)

custodian of all truth. The one is think, rest in your hands and those of It was the Master who said:

human; the other is divine. your contemporaries. "... whosoever will be chief among

Religion and science have sometimes Be worthy trustees. Continue to grow you, let him be your servant."(Matt.

been in apparent conflict. Yet the conin stature. 20:27.)

flict should only be apparent, not real, Be cheerful in all that you do. Live Unselfish, willing service to others

for science should seek truth, and true joyfully. Live happily. Live enthusiaswas the keynote of his relationship

religion is truth. There can never be tically, knowing that God does not with men.

conflict between revealed religion and dwell in gloom and melancholy, but in "For even the Son of man came not scientific fact. That they have often light and love. to be ministered unto, but to minister,

occupied different fields of truth is a A clean mind in a healthy body will and to give his life a ransom for mere detail. The gospel accepts and enable you to render far more effective many."(Mark 10:45.)

embraces all truth; science is slowly service to others. It will help you to Love one another. Serve your fellowexpanding her arms and reaching into provide more vigorous leadership. It men. The example has been given you.

the invisible domain in search of truth. will give your every experience in life The road lies clearly before you.

546 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If we would serve God through favour with God...."God in fervent prayer?

service to our brethren, we shall have This is the most important of all Prayer will help you understand the of a love need for work. man's it, nothing is apparent conflicts in know that strivings—without life—to

Energetic, purposeful of the work leads to slightest account. lives, is that life eternal. God

vigorous health, praiseworthy achieve- "For what shall it profit a man, if Be not ashamed to believe and proment, a clear conscience, and refreshhe shall gain the whole world, and claim that God lives, that he is the ing sleep. It has always been a boon lose his own soul?"(Mark 8:36.) Father of our spirits; that Jesus is the

to man. Have a wholesome respect for Growing in favor with God is the Christ, the Redeemer of the world;

labor, whether with head, heart, or most important because it is the that the resurrection is a reality; that

hand. Accept the challenge given by veritable foundation upon which all we lived as spirits before mortal birth

one of America's eminent journalists, other worthwhile blessings rest. Conand will live again as immortal beings

Edward W. Bok: cerning this fact the Savior admonished through the eternities to come. Blessed

"When you are called to get into the his disciples: are you if you have a testimony of

game, get into it good and strong. "... seek ye first the kingdom of these things. These great spiritual

There's no fun in going through life God, and his righteousness; and all truths have seen systems come and go,

spoonfed; in finding the soft seat. these things shall be added unto you."and so it will be in the future. These

That makes a man soft, and a soft man (Matt. 6:33.) truths will, if you are wise, take preceis an abomination before God and Spiritual strength promotes posidence in your lives over all contrary

man. And put everything you've got tive thinking, positive ideals, positive theories, dogmas, or hypotheses from

into it. Take hold and carry the biggest habits, positive attitudes, and posiwhatever source or by whomsoever

load your shoulders can carry, and tive efforts. These are the qualities that advocated.

then carry it right. Set the pace for promote wisdom, physical and mental Therefore, go forward intelligently

others; don't let them set it for you."wellbeing, and enthusiastic acceptance and yield simple and loyal obedience

May you ever enjoy the satisfaction and response by others. "Favour with to all the laws of the universe and the

of honest toil. The decree that by the God"gives necessary incentive and truths of eternity.

sweat of his brow man should eat perspective to life. It gives man real Yours is a great responsibility in this

bread is still basic. You will never wish purpose for living and achieving. day when the need for courageous

or dream yourself into heaven. You As always, we have the example of leadership is so urgent:

must pay the price in toil, in sacrifice, the Master to guide us. "My meat,"he You can become those leaders!

and in righteous living. said, "is to do the will of him that sent Young men and women of the Free

It is a truism that "security is me...."(John 4:34.) World, yours is a great challenge. You

achieved, not bestowed."It cannot be And again: "Father,... I have can be choice spirits in your land. Forgained by selfpity or compromising glorified thee on the earth: I have finget not that each of you has been

principles. The world owes no man a ished the work which thou gavest me endowed with the priceless gift of free

living. to do."(John 17:1, 4.) agency. Each of you is, in very deed,

Youth of the world, as you strive to We increase in favor with God as the master of your fate, and Christ increase in favor with man, be ever on we do the will of God. Let us be faithshould be the captain of your soul.

your guard that you do not unwittingly, ful in the work he gives us, whatever You need not be the victims of circumin the name of tolerance, broadmindedit may be and whatever our station in stance, for unto you it is given to ness, and socalled liberalism, enlife. Let our desires be in harmony achieve and become "perfect, even as

courage foreign "isms"and unsound with God's will as it is revealed to us your Father which is in heaven is theories that strike at the very root of—keeping his word in our hearts perfect."(Matt. 5:48.)

all we hold dear, including our faith conquering selfish desires that would Jesus lives today. He is risen. This

in God. Proposals will be offered and lead us astray. I know.

programs will be sponsored that have If we would advance in holiness "And Jesus increased in wisdom and wide, socalled "humanitarian"appeal. increase in favor with God—nothing stature, and in favour with God and

Attractive labels are usually attached can take the place of prayer. And so I man."

to the most dangerous programs, often adjure you to give prayer—daily prayer May you, by following this same

in the name of public welfare and—secret prayer—a foremost place in path, merit the same commendation.

personal security. your lives. Let no day pass without it. For if you follow this divine pattern

Have the courage to apply this Communion with the Almighty has established by the resurrected Christ, standard of truth. Determine what the been a source of strength, inspiration, you cannot fail, for you will have fuleffect of the various issues at stake is and enlightenment to men and women filled the measure of your creation.

upon the character, the integrity, and through the world's history who have Yes, Jesus Christ is divine. He lives

freedom of man. Which increase his shaped the destinies of individuals and today. He was resurrected. He is the

freedom? Which abrogate or destroy? nations for good. Son of God, the Redeemer of the

Which recognize and respect the Will you value and take advantage world.

individual dignity of man? of the opportunity to tap these unseen I bear this witness and pray that the

We have the greatest material but very real spiritual powers? Will young men and women of all the

wealth ever known because we are free, you, with Lincoln before Gettysburg world may be blessed with -a testimony and our people have been encouraged and Washington at Valley Forge, of this allimportant truth, in the to produce it—out of themselves. humble yourselves before Almighty name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

It is foolish to place our material wealth first and decide that it, rather Sunday Afternoon Session, April 10, 1966 than the freedom and energy that produced it, is our real wealth.

a willingness Freedom, to work, and Peace Now and Joy Hereafter desire tothe through serve your God service to your fellowmen—these are James A. Cullimore

the sources of true wealth. Cling fast Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

to these truths, and you must inevitably increase in favor with man. "And Jesus My brothers and sisters: I think that me can really tell how I feel. I think

increased... in favour... with man."possibly only these brethren of the it is impossible to know unless you go

Point 4: "And Jesus increased... in General Authorities who have preceded through it yourself.

JUNE I9G6 547 I am most grateful, however, for this the growth of the Church in that parfore, true that as we live in accordance tremendous honor that has been beticular area, as family members have with these principles, we are assured stowed upon me, for the privilege I seen fit to serve the Lord, to devote results consistent with our compliance.

have of working with these brethren, themselves to the work, and to build The Lord made this clear when he and with you, in the service of the the Church. instructed us through the Prophet

Lord. I feel very humble in this calling. We are grateful for any part that Joseph Smith that "all who will have

I feel entirely inadequate and unqualiwe may have had in building the a blessing at my hands shall abide the fied. I think that I feel somewhat as Church in the areas where we have law which was appointed for that

Newel K. Whitney did when he was lived, and in so doing we have built blessing.... (D&C 132:5.)

asked by the Prophet Joseph Smith to our testimonies and have felt strong in Regarding this matter, Elder John A.

be the bishop of Kirtland, for he said the things that we have done. I take Widtsoe said: "The great governing

that he felt that he was not capable, strength and consolation in the teachprinciples of truth are unchanging.

he was unqualified and just could not ings that the Lord gave to the Prophet But, the conditions brought about by do it. After the Prophet had told him Joseph Smith wherein he said, "Wherehuman activity are forever changthat the Lord had called him and that fore, be not weary in welldoing, for ing.... we span changes that in

it was by revelation that this was made ye are laying the foundation of a great the past seemed impossible. And

known, he still didn't feel that he was work. And out of small things proundoubtedly the future holds deable and could act. Then the Prophet ceeded that which is great."(D&C velopments that today are equally

said, "Go and ask Father for yourself."64:33.) inconceivable.

He went and knelt in humble suppliOne of my favorite scriptures and "Such changes affect human thinkcation, and he heard a voice from one from which I receive a great deal ing. New social and economic probheaven which said, "Thy strength is of consolation is found in the 59th lems arise. Even the spiritual outlook

in me."He accepted and went about section of the Doctrine and Covenants: is invaded. Then, it becomes the

his work, and I understand was a "... he who doeth the works of rightduty of the Prophet to teach how the

bishop of the Church for some 18 eousness shall receive his reward, even eternal laws of the gospel may be years. (LDS Biographical Encyclopeace in this world, and eternal life in applied amidst constant change, for

pedia, Vol. 1, p. 224.) the world to come."(D&C 59:23.) the benefit and blessing of humanity."

I know that only by virtue of the I can think of no greater reward than (Evidences & Reconciliations, 1960 strength I can receive from the Lord to have peace in this world, the vindiedition, p. 351.)

can I be made a qualified and capable cation of the Father, feeling that the With the rapid changes that are takservant of the Lord in the fulfillment things you are doing are acceptable ing place today in every phase of our of this responsibility. unto the Lord and that you are serving lives, it is very important that we

I am so grateful for the heritage that him to such an extent that you have recognize the eternal nature of prin-

I have, for the teachings of a good peace in your life. And, of course, all ciples of truth. Faith in the Lord

mother and an able father who taught that any of us are working for is eternal Jesus Christ is the first great eternal me in my youth to love the Lord. I am life in the world to come. principle of the gospel and is indeed

grateful for the experiences that I have I bear you my testimony that this is a very vital factor in our lives. Tohad of living away from Zion—Utah his work and that if we will keep the me it is one -of the most interestingZion—in the farflung corners of this commandments of the Lord and serve and inspiring principles to contemcountry and in many areas of the counhim well, we shall have peace in our plate. I would like to consider with

try. There are many such circumstances souls, we shall have that vindication you the principle of faith, together

all that the of the the Father, over peace world and as mine its we are with progress. and corollaries—work

I see, in certainly shall States. searchingespecially the for, and United we In consideration of this great prinas I have made visits to your stakes, have eternal life, which is our ultimate ciple we should recognize that it does

that almost without exception a degoal. I pray for this in the name of not promise something for nothing.

voted family has been instrumental in Jesus Christ. Amen. The apostle James asked the question:

"What doth it profit, my brethren, though a man say he hath faith, and have not works? Can faith save him?

"If a brother or sister be naked, and destitute of daily food, And one of you say unto them, Depart in peace, be ye warmed and filled; notwiththings The Principles of the Gospel Are Eternal whichstandingareye needfulgive themto notthe thosebody; what

Franklin D. Richards doth it profit?

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve "Even so faith, if it hath not works, is dead, being alone."(Jas. 2:1417.)

My dear brothers and sisters, I reJoseph Smith is a prophet of God, the The Prophet Joseph, in speaking on joice in being with you this beautiful instrument through which the gospel this subject, said: "Let us here observe,

day in this peaceful and inspirational was restored to earth. that a religion that does not require

environment, knowing that throughWe are blessed beyond measure by the sacrifice of all things never has out the world there is generally a lack having a great prophet who stands at power sufficient to produce the faith of peace and men's hearts are failing the head of the Church of Jesus Christ necessary unto life and salvation....

them. at this time, our beloved David O. and it is through the medium of the

The great need in the world today McKay. May the Lord bless and sussacrifice of all earthly things that men

is a knowledge that God lives and tain him. Peace will replace fear in do actually know that they are doing

that he governs the affairs of this men's hearts when they listen to the the things that are well pleasing in the world, that we are his spirit children, counsel of God's Prophet and accept sight of God."

and that he is vitally interested in our and follow the principles of the re- "And as faith is the moving cause welfare. I am grateful for the knowlstored gospel of Jesus Christ. of all action in temporal concerns, so

edge I have that God lives and that One of the wonderful things about it is in spiritual...."(Lecture 6:7 and

Jesus is our Savior and Redeemer. I the gospel is that its principles are Lecture 1:12.)

am thankful for my testimony that eternal and unchanging. It is, thereFrequently we refer to the gospel of

548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Jesus Christ as the gospel of work, and disturbed. and growth. Keeping in mind that

the Prophet Joseph stated in his LecLater in the day he asked to speak faith is a gift of God, some of the tures on Faith that this means mental to me again. As he sat down his face blessings that come from obedience to

as well as physical effort. lighted up. He said that he had made the great principle of faith are:

Plans are carefully developed before up his mind to stop smoking and that A desire to achieve worthwhile obimportant projects are commenced. All he had never experienced such a wonjectives.

worthwhileexertion—makingendeavorsdecisionsrequireor thementalmakfeltderfulas feelingthough ina 50poundhis wholeweightlife. hadHe capacityAn affirmativeto really makeattitudeup one'swithmind.theing up of one's mind—before physical been lifted from his shoulders. Confidence and power that make

exertion comes into play. He then asked me what the other the difficult or seemingly hopeless

We should realize that as we deten percent was. I told him that if he possible of attainment.

velop faith in the Lord Jesus Christ it had any cigarettes on him or at home, Loyalty and steadfastness in service is possible and natural for us to he should get rid of them immediately to our fellowmen.

develop faith in ourselves; and recogso they would not be a temptation. And finally, peace, happiness, and

nizing the great importance of faith in I also suggested that he discontinue growth resulting from achievement of our lives, we see the great need of going out with his smoking friends on worthwhile objectives.

continually building our faith. Among his breaks. These and other things It was necessary for each of us as

other things, the building of faith that he could do to strengthen himself spirits to leave the spirit world and involves a prayerful study of eternal constituted the other ten percent. Then, come to this earth and learn to walk

gospel principles and the obtaining of with prayer and fasting by himself and by faith, that the purposes of this life a testimony that God lives and that with his family, he could be assured might be accomplished.

Jesus is the Christ. The process also that the Lord would make him equal As we enter into each activity of life,

involves making up one's mind to live to the task of overcoming the smoking both spiritual and temporal, let us the gospel and serve his fellowmen habit. This incident occurred some six apply these great fundamental and

through the sacrifice of earthly things. years ago. He has never smoked since eternal principles of faith and works.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterand is now an honored and respected By so doing we can be assured like day Saints offers great opportunities bishop. Thus, through his affirmative Nephi of old that the Lord will prefor the building of faith. attitude and works, he manifested his pare a way for us to do the things we

Faith, being the moving cause of faith; and with the help of the Lord, are assigned to do. Our hearts will not

all action in temporal as well as he achieved his goal. fail us, we will achieve our righteous

spiritual concerns, is evidenced by an Effective faith is always connected objectives, and we will have peace that affirmative attitude together with a with works, and it is only through this surpasseth all understanding.

welldeveloped plan of action. Nephi combination that we achieve. This is I bear this testimony to you in the

of old, when required to go back to indeed the key to success, happiness, name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

Jerusalem to get the record of his forefathers, possessed a strong affirmative attitude, the evidence of a great faith, when he said: "I will go and do the

things which the Lord hath comfor Lord I know that themanded, the The Witness of the Spirit unto commandmentsgiveth no children of men, save he shall prepare A. Theodore Tuttle

a way for them that they may accomOf the First Council of the Seventy plish the thing which he commandeth them."(1 Ne. 3:7.) My dear brothers and sisters, obehe was resurrected on the third day,

On one occasion at a district conferdient to my responsibility as a seventy, that he lives today and is the head of ence, I was interviewing a man for having been "called to preach the gosthis his church. I testify that he will

ordination to the office of elder. He pel, and to be [an] especial witness come again the second time, as has

was having some difficulty with the... unto the Gentiles and in all the been said so often in this conference.

Word of Wisdom. I asked him what world"(D&C 107:25), I humbly take I bear my testimony that Joseph

his attitude was, and he replied that this opportunity to give my witness or Smith was a prophet, sent to the earth there was nothing in the world that to bear my testimony to you all. In so to open this the last dispensation of

he would rather do than stop smoking. doing I seek for the spirit of which the gospel. I know that he actually

I told him that all he had to do was Nephi spoke: saw God the Father and his Son Jesus

to make up his mind never to have "... for when a man speaketh by Christ and that he was instrumental

another cigarette and that when he the power of the Holy Ghost the power in restoring the true Church of Jesus did that, 90 percent of his problem of the Holy Ghost carrieth it unto the Christ to the earth.

would be solved. I would then tell hearts of the children of men."(2 Ne. I bear witness that the apostleship

him what the other ten percent was. 33:1.) with its keys and powers that were

I asked him to make up his mind I bear my testimony that God lives, conferred upon the Prophet Joseph immediately, look me in the eye, shake that he is our Eternal and Heavenly have been conferred upon his successmy hand firmly, and tell me that he Father, and that he loves us because ors and that President David O.

would never have another cigarette. we are his children. McKay holds them today. I bear

I extended my hand to him and asked I bear witness that Jesus is the witness that this courageous, deterhim if he were ready. He hesitated a Christ, that he was the First Begotten mined, noble man is indeed a prophet

moment and said, "No,"that he was in the spirit and the Only Begotten in of God.

afraid that if he promised he would the flesh, that he was in the beginning I know that the modern scriptures not smoke and then later did so, his with God, that he is the Creator of found in this Church, consisting of the conscience would hurt him. the world and all that is in it, that Book of Mormon, the Doctrine and

Under these circumstances I could he is the promised Messiah of whom Covenants, and the Pearl of Great not approve his ordination and so told the prophets spoke for 4,000 years. I Price, are true; that to follow the plan

him, since I felt there would be many bear witness that he is our Savior and of salvation contained therein will things that he would not do that an Redeemer, that he wrought the atoning lead us to our exaltation.

elder should do. He left considerably sacrifice in our behalf. I know that I know that we are members of "the

JUNE 1966 549 only true and living church upon the knoweth no man, but the Spirit of shall come to a knowledge of his son:

face of the whole earth"(D&C 1:30), God. "Search the scriptures; for in them ye

with which the Lord is pleased. "Now we have received, not the think ye have eternal life: and they

Some of you may wonder how it is spirit of the world, but the spirit are they which testify of me."(John

possible to say without reservation and which is of God; that we might know 5:39.)

with such certainty that "I know"the things that are freely given to us A testimony can come to anyone these things. This witness comes of God. who desires a testimony on the basis

through the gift and power of the "Which things also we speak, not in that Elder Hinckley outlined yesterday

Holy Ghost, and it has come to me. the words which man's wisdom—by a study of the scriptures, by

This is characteristic of the true teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost serving in the Church, and by asking church in this and all other ages. This teacheth; comparing spiritual things the Lord for a testimony. A testimony,

certainty has always been present with with spiritual. when it comes, stimulates a man to

the prophets or whenever the Church "But the natural man receiveth not want to progress. It gives him a desire

with its authority and priesthood has the things of the Spirit of God: for to achieve.

been on the earth. they are foolishness unto him: neither I met a man in Mexico recently.

In days of old Job spoke with this can he know them, because they are Several years ago when he was bapsame certainty: spiritually discerned."(1 Cor. 2:1114.) tized, he could neither read nor Write.

"For I know that my redeemer My young friend held to that old It is amazing today, however, to see liveth, and that he shall stand at the statement, "Seeing is believing."There this man holding a position of leaderlatter day upon the earth: is one realm, however, where it works ship in the branch, filling out the

"And though after my skin worms the other way: Believing is seeing! The numerous reports that a branch presidestroy this body, yet in my flesh shall Lord hides some choice truths behind dent must send in, preaching from the

I see God."(Job 19:2526.) obstacles that will melt only before the scriptures, and counseling with his

The Book of Mormon is a classic warmth of faith. Faith, like courage, brethren.

example of such definite declarations is tempered by trial. Moroni was This achievement was not imon testimony. The word "know"and speaking thus when he said: posed externally. This yearning to do

such derivations as "knew""knowl- "And now, I, Moroni, would speak and to be was kindled internally by edge,""known"appear frequently in somewhat concerning these things; I as simple a thing as a testimony of

the Book of Mormon. The phrase "I would show unto the world that faith the gospel.

know"appears more than 100 times is things which are hoped for and not I have received that testimony. I

virtually all of them testimony seen; wherefore, dispute not because ye have given you my witness. The test

oriented, the prophets declaring a see not, for ye receive no witness until of the truthfulness of my witness, as knowledge of the gospel of Jesus Christ. after the trial of your faith."(Eth. well as the witness of all those who

Testimonies about the Book of Mor12:6. Italics added.) have so testified in this conference, is

mon are equally certain. After having When one hears the still small not the acceptance by the nonmembers

seen an angel and the plates from voice of the Spirit testifying that Jesus of the Church, nor even by the memwhich the Book of Mormon was transis the Christ, this kind of knowledge, bers of the Church. The test is whether

lated, the Three Witnesses bore testifor that person, is as valid as a mounGod inspired it and recognizes and mony with words of soberness, saying: tain of socalled "scientific"evidence. honors such testimony. Any of you

"And we also know that they have That person really knows a truth. It may know of the truthfulness of these

been translated by the gift and power affects his whole being. It affects all things which have been spoken by

of God, for his voice hath declared it other kinds of knowledge that he may asking the Lord for your own personal unto us; wherefore we know of a have. witness that these things are true. May

surety that the work is true."(The This kind of knowledge is not reeach of you be concerned enough

Testimony of the Three Witnesses.) stricted to a special few. It is available about your eternal destiny so to ask,

About the Doctrine and Covenants, to all who will receive it. It is our I humbly pray in the name of Jesus

the Lord said: "Search these comFather's desire that all his children Christ. Amen.

mandments, for they are true and faithful, and the prophecies and promises which are in them shall all be fulfilled."(D&C 1:37.)

In spite of such certainty of knowledge, there are those who still doubt revelationsthe God. from The Secret of Service

I but had a bright, confused, young man in my office just last week. His Boyd K. Packer

problem may be typical of this generaAssistant to the Council of the Twelve tion's searching, doubting youth. He

believed only that which can be My beloved brethren and sisters: But if you as much as dare to speak

proved. It seemed easy for him to acMuch of the past year we have spent A cloud comes over the sunlit arch,

cept asad believe the discoveries and presiding over the New England Mis- A wind comes off the frozen peak conclusions of the scientist, but he was sion. I can't resist quoting a few lines And you're two months back to the

having difficulty believing revealed from Robert Frost. Coming from New first of March."

knowledge. I explained to him that England here to the many varieties of ("Two Tramps in Mudtime.")

there are different kinds of knowledge, good weather we have seen today,

England is beautiful in many New discernible readily than these lines seem so appropriate:some more

:. ways spiritualothers, but that matters must

needs be discerned by the spirit. "The sun was bright but the day was "Oh beautiful for pilgrim feetr

This problem pertains not to this chill. Whose stern, impassioned stress

it Paul, speaking to thegeneration only. is on You know an April how thoroughfare of freedom beat day, A

bright the explained: sun isCorinthians, and the wind When Across the wilderness!"

"For what man knoweth the things is still, of a man, save the spirit of man which And you're one month on in the (Katherine Lee Bates, "America is in him? even so the things of God middle of May. the Beautiful.")

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is a place of beginnings. It was wife, for I have a matter of some is their willingness to pay for the

there... importance that I would like to discuss privilege.

with you.""Bring ye all the tithes into the

"By the rude bridge that arched the Though it was many miles away, storehouse, that there may be meat in flood, that that house, hereremembered prove mine and man suddenly me now flags to April's breeze unfurled,Their his business if I with, Salt saith the of hosts, Lord would bring him to

Here once the embattled farmers stood, Lake City the very next morning. I not open you the windows of heaven,will

And fired the shot heard round the was there when President Moyle anand pour you out a blessing, that there world."nounced to this man that he had been shall not be room enough to receive

(Ralph Waldo Emerson, called to preside over one of the misit."(Mai. 3:10.)

"Concord Hymn.") sions of the Church. Without any dunners or any billing

Something is said about its being the "Now,"he said, "we don't want to or any system of collections, ten percradle of liberty. It is more than that. rush you into this decision. Call me in cent of their increase is generously

It is the birthplace of prophets of God. a day or two, as soon as you are able donated. Indeed, this is just the beginJoseph Smith was born there, Brigham to make a determination as to your ning. There is a fast offering to sustain

Young, Wilford Woodruff, and many feelings concerning the call."the poor; there are building funds;

others. Joseph Smith twice preached The man looked at his wife and she there are donations of every kind. Such

there from door to door. looked at him, and without a word giving robs them of selfishness. It is

Today our elders set foot on the there was that silent conversation one thing to give lip service—it is

same granite cobblestones, tap the between husband and wife, and that another to order one's life.

same knockers on the same doors to gentle almost imperceptible nod. He These are men and women who are

bear the selfsame witness. turned back to President Moyle and "in the world"but "not of the world."

They see them come, two by two said, "Well, President, what is there They are Saints—Latterday Saints

teaching truth, leaving blessings. Beto say? What could we tell you in a and there are hundreds of thousands

cause they are but striplings, they do few days that we couldn't tell you of them. The test, of course, is not in

not see them as servants of the Lord, now? We have been called. What numbers only. To know the socalled

authorized to represent The Church of answer is there? Of course, we will "secret,"one must see within the heart

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, by respond to the call."of the individual.

his own declaration "the only true and Then President Moyle said gently, It is no light thing to open one's living church upon the face of the "Well, if you feel that way about it, heart and expose the most tender and whole earth, with which I, the Lord, actually there is some urgency about delicate feelings. I hesitatingly do so

am well pleased...."(D&C 1:30.) this matter. I wonder if you could be only from the feeling that it may help

This dedicated service of the misprepared to leave the 13th of March?"someone, that it may illustrate, that

sionaries is most appealing to nonThe man gulped, for that was just you may understand that the gospel members. Last week I sat at lunch with eleven days away. He glanced at his has practical application in everyday

two executives of a national service wife. There was another silent converlife; but most of all because it is

organization. "Will you,"one of them sation. And he said, "Yes, President, Easter.

solicited, "spend an evening with us to we can meet that appointment."Just more than a year ago, my

explain how your volunteer program "What about your business?"asked mother passed away, a lovely trim

works? We depend to a large measure the President. "What about your grain little mother of eleven children, about

on volunteer help, and we need to elevator? What about your livestock? whom I have spoken before at this

know the secret of your success."What about your other holdings?"pulpit. Her parents emigrated from

If there is a secret to our success, "I don't know,"said the man. "But the old country, and she grew up

it is poorly kept. The whole purpose we will make arrangements. Somehow speaking Danish.

of this conference and of our missionall of those things will be all right."Two years ago she contracted a

ary effort is to tell it—over and over Such is the great miracle that we fatal malady. Fortunately, she was

and over again. see repeated day after day. These men, under the care of a doctor who was

A prominent minister recently reeach with his wife and family, leave like a son; his ministering to her

flected on why their people would not their private affairs settled as best they showed such a reverence. She faced the

serve. "Our ministers are dedicated. can with relatives or partners. They experience all too common among us,

Why will our people not respond?"respond to the call, giving up political the gradual weakening and erosion of

The thing he does not understand is preference, opportunities for promoher capacities, accompanied by increasthat the response to such a call does tions and advancements in their ing pain. At this time one of my

not depend on the dedication and careers, opportunities to enlarge their brothers in company with the patriarch conviction of the minister or the one holdings and increase their wealth. gave her a blessing, as authorized

making the call but rather upon the One of the marvelous testimonies we under the revelation that specifies that dedication and conviction of the one witness regularly is the generosity of "the elders of the church, two or more, who answers it. nonmember employers. They not only shall be called, and shall pray for and.

In The Church of Jesus Christ of permit but indeed encourage men who lay their hands upon them in my

Latterday Saints there is no profesmay be their key executive officers to name; and if they die they shall die

sional clergy, as is common in the respond to such calls and reassure unto me, and if they live they shall other churches. Perhaps more signifithem with this farewell: "We do not live unto me."(D&C 42:44.)

cant than this, there is no laity. All understand it, but we compliment you In a marvelous way she was released

members of the Church are subject to on your dedication. We assure you from pain and could rest comfortably,

call to render service and carry on the that you can return with full status."except when moved about. She faced

activities of the Church. The miracle The generosity of such men, though the long ordeal of the decline.

is the members respondl not members of the Church, will not One Friday afternoon at my desk,

On one occasion I was in the office go unheeded. To you, our friends, who while I was working on corresponof President Henry D. Moyle when he have been thus generous, we say that dence, it suddenly occurred to me that

placed a call. After greeting the man, you are within the scope of our we should go and visit Mother. It was

he said, "I wonder if your business prayers, and blessings will accrue to a. very strong impression. We made the

affairs would bring you into Salt Lake your benefit. trip that very day.

City sometime in the near future? I Perhaps the most remarkable thing We found Mother about the same as

would like to meet with you and your about the men and women who serve we had seen her on a number of preJUNE 1965 551 vious visits. She seemed more apprecia- "Oh, no,"I said. "I'll check with to express this love through affectionate

tive than usual for our visit. She you tomorrow."service to his children.

then whispered over and over again On Saturday, the tomorrow about In order that we might cooperate the single word, "Tomorrow."Finally, which she spoke, I called before with our Heavenly Father in his stated

I understood and said, "Mother, is leaving. The doctor had been there, purpose to "bring to pass the immortomorrow the day?"She smiled a and everything was as before. Upon tality and eternal life of man,"we

radiant smile that brightened the face arriving at my destination I called have been blessed with the gospel, the of this weakened little lady. "Yes,"again and received the same assurance. Church, and the priesthood.

she said. "Mother, are you sure?""Oh, After the first meeting I placed The gospel is God's plan for the

yes,"she said. "I am sure."another call and was informed that exalting of man to an eternal creative

I then asked if she would like to Mother had slept peacefully away, suropportunity with his Father through have a blessing. "That would be good,"rounded by her family. The last words giving him a vision of his great origins

she said. she was heard to speak were "Ira, Ira,"and heritage, his purposes and responThat evening the brothers came as the name of my father, who by six sibilities, and his inspiring potential.

they usually did, and the six of us years had preceded her in death. The Church is the institutional

administered to her. The spirit of inThis then is the secret: In a thouembodiment of the gospel, the organispiration was present, and the words sand quiet, spiritual ways, that witness zation through which one may

of the blessing hold a sacred assurance comes. The gospel of Jesus Christ is experience and express the great printo our family. true. I bear solemn witness that Jesus ciples of God's plan.'.

I was under the necessity of meeting is the Christ. I know, and she knew, The priesthood is the power by

a conference appointment in Panguitch that he is the resurrection and the life which God and his sons move in [Utah] the following day, and hesiand that as he said, "he that believeth spiritual leadership. And all of these

I felt tated; finally but that in me, I must be though he were dead, yet shall gospel, Church, depriesthood—are

to live: the ministry about I have he which signed to and bring about bless man

been called. The doctor assured us that "And whosoever liveth and believeth God's purposes for him.

there was no change, and it was sugin me shall never die."(John 11:25The earth itself was prepared for

gested that I call them on Sunday 26.) man. "Behold, the Lord hath created

evening when I returned. In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. the earth that it should be inhabited;

and he hath created his children that they should possess it."(1 Ne. 17:36.)

The individual, then, is the focal point of all the programs and performance of the Church—not die

itself, program not the statistics. Not How Many Apples in a Seed? institutional expansion but individual

Marion D. Hanks exaltation is the purpose of it all.

Of the First Council of the Seventy The implications of the thought are clear: "You can count the seeds in an

It has been a great blessing through to the modern movement celebrating apple, but can you count the apples in this conference to have with us Brother the demise of God have recalled a a seed?"

Ivins, our dearly loved and respected reported exchange between Nietzsche Every choice child of God is a link associate. He isn't here at this meeting, and another. Nietzsche's message read, in a chain stretching from the past to

but I think it not inappropriate to tell "God is dead."Signed "Nietzsche."the future. In the choice young people

you that he has been very ill and The answer came back, "Nietzsche is of the Church are the seeds of the through the graciousness of the Lord dead."Signed "God."future.

has been restored marvelously and is The other thought: Someone said Do you know four lines that mean

able to be with us occasionally. He has that atheists do not find God for the much to me?

been in meetings of this conference. same reason that thieves do not find "Nobody knows what a boy is worth;

I would like to commend also the policemen. We'll have to wait and see,

appointment of President Cullimore, a During these conference sessions I But every man in a noble place choice once usedstrong and to be."boy and A you—you

girl, causesionary boy Each and and every adult the Church, in England—aassociate in themanmisof haveyour counterpartsbeen thinkingall ofover

faith also, is infinitely substancegreat all over and strength. and the valuable. is to so do who None world—you thinking a rejected, few moments be of the I was of written meaningful the none ago much work off, none

about a meeting in Idaho at which I Church in your own area and sector. neglected or left without the conscious

listened to a speaker who had waited I am sure that you, like I, will go home concern of devoted brothers and sisters for a long time to be called on. He with the desire and determination, in the kingdom of God.

commended the people at the meeting born of appreciation, to apply and This leads, then, to the second basic for their graciousness to him, expressed make use of what has been said here. conviction of which I have been thinkappreciation for their kindness, thanked Perhaps you will go home strengthing: Each of us has a solemn and

them for making him feel at home, and ened in two pivotal principles around significant responsibility to others of said, "You have really made me feel which our efforts revolve. God's children and the capacity to

like one of you. I don't know which The first is provocatively expressed wholesomely and favorably influence

one, but he ought to be about ready in a few words shared with me by a them for good if we will. We are

to go home—he's tired!"choice friend sometime ago. I suspect brothers to all men, and we have a

As I have listened with you to the you will remember them as I have. special responsibility to those of our

great sermons of this conference and He said: "You can count the seeds in own household and to those in whose

to the marvelous music and have felt an apple, but can you count the apples lives we may, by reason of our church the spirit and enjoyed the instructions, in a seed?"membership and by reason of responlike you I have paid many of the "... the worth of souls is great in sibilities assigned us in the various

speakers the tribute of divided attenthe sight of God...."(D&C 18:10.) organizations and programs of the

tion. Their sermons have started me The worth of the individual soul is Church, exert some important influthinking. Two thoughts in particular great in the sight of God and in the ence through love.

have recurred. The repeated references lives of those who love God and seek The organization of the Church

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA makes available to every individual, Lord to be stewards in his kingdom. the big city, and as time went by she

old and young, at every stage in his In one of the stakes of the Church became more and more discouraged.

life, strong supportive friendships and in another land, a lovely young lady Then, through a series of incidents, leadership. From babyhood through left her home to live in another city she came into the influence of an

the whole of life every individual where she had found employment. She unscrupulous and designing person

should have available always the was away from family and established who took advantage of Donna's lonelifriendship and sincere concern of a friends and from the Church and its ness and youthfulness and the disbishop and his counselors, of priesthood warm involvements. She didn't take couragement of her inability to find

and auxiliary organization leaders and occasion to look up the church organiwork and led her into an immoral workers, of interested and loving zation in the city to which she went, experience.

family and friends and neighbors finding it easy for a time to avoid the The experience was horrifying to relating under the special motivation customary associations of her church Donna, and she returned home with a and inspiration of the Lord through membership. She formed other associabroken heart to tell her mother and,

his Church. Every individual all of tions in the new city, and they were after a time, her bishop of the tragedy,

his life should be blessed in the not the kind she had had at home. There was counsel and compassion,

Church by a program that involves the Gradually she began to become inadmonition and direction, prayer and consistent concern of teachers—home volved in another kind of attitude and blessing. Donna went back home to

teachers they are now called—who are another kind of behavior. She had not make her adjustments and to begin to

assigned to a special relationship of made serious mistakes but had begun learn the sorrow of remorse of coninterest and helpfulness. a way of living that would not have science and the blessing of gratitude

In preparation for the imminent pleased her parents and that was not for the graciousness and goodness and organization of the Church in 1830, the manner of her former life. mercy of God. Then one day she had

the Lord revealed through the Prophet There came a night when, dressed to counsel again with the bishop, to

Joseph Smith that His representatives in clothing that she might previously report to him that through this one holding the priesthood were to visit have been embarrassed to wear in fragmentary, tragic experience it was the homes of the members of the public, perhaps harboring in her mind now apparent that she was with child.

Church, "exhorting them to pray anticipations of conduct that she Now a different situation existed, and vocally and in secret and attend to all would not ever have considered before, there was additional counsel and an family duties. she waited for the arrival of some of effort to meet this new situation.

"... to watch over the church alher new friends. It was a critical hour There was consideration of the Relief

ways, and be with and strengthen in her life and a critical night in her Society Social Service program, which them; life, and she knew it. When she anprovides for such situations, and other

"... And see that there is no iniquity swered the knock at the door, she was possibilities were considered; but the

in the church, neither hardness with surprised to find not those whom she decision was finally made by Donna each other, neither lying, backbiting, was anticipating but rather three that she would remain at home in her nor evil speaking; adults whom she did not know. They small town to wait her time. Some

"And see that the church meet toidentified themselves as the bishop efforts were made at dissuasion in view gether often, and also see that all the and his counselor and the president of of the problems this course involved, members do their duty."the Young Women's Mutual Improvebut Donna decided that, under the

"They are... to warn, expound, ment Association. The bishop had respecial circumstances of her widowed

exhort, and teach, and invite all to ceived a letter from the bishop of the mother's illness and otherwise, she come unto Christ."(D&C 20:51, 5355, girl's home ward notifying him of the would remain there.

59.) As in the ancient Church, the address and circumstance of his ward Donna stood up in the next fast and

members of the Church are to be member in the new city. The bishop testimony meeting and explained her

"remembered and nourished - by the and his associates were calling to excondition. She acknowledged her fault

good word of God, to keep them in the press their friendship and concern and and asked the forgiveness of her people.

right way, to keep them continually to invite the young lady to the She said to them, "I would like to watchful unto prayer, relying alone activities and associations of the walk the streets of this town knowing upon the merits of Christ, who was Church in this town. As she talked that you know and that you have

the author and the finisher of their with them she became embarrassed at compassion on me and forgive me. But

faith."her clothing, chagrined at the activities if you cannot forgive me,"she said,

And to "meet together oft, to fast of the recent past and the anticipations "please don't blame my mother—the

and to pray, and to speak one with of the evening. She wept and rejoiced Lord knows she taught me anything

another concerning the welfare of their and responded gratefully to the friendbut this—and please don't hold it

souls."(Moro. 6:4-5.) ship of this bishop and his fellow against the baby. It isn't the baby's

To every person thus blessed by ofworkers. The anticipated events of the fault."She bore testimony of appreciafice or assignment or membership in evening never transpired. She formed tion for her bitterly won but dearly

the Church with the special responsithe warm and wonderful friendships treasured personal knowledge of the bility of stewardship and concern in she needed with people of quality and importance of the saving mission of the lives of others, the Lord said: devotion. She became active in the Jesus Christ. Then she sat down.

"Therefore, let every man stand in Church and went on to her happy and The man who told me the story his own office, and labor in his own wholesome opportunities. reported the reaction of the congregacalling; and let not the head say unto In another city, long enough ago. tion to this experience. There were

the feet it hath no need of the feet; that the story can now be told without many tearful eyes and many humble

for without the feet how shall the likelihood of the recognition of the hearts. "There were no stone throwers

body be able to stand? individuals involved, I heard another there,"he said. "We were full of

"Also the body hath need of every and different story. compassion and love, and I found

member, that all may be edified Let's use the name Donna to desigmyself wishing that the bishop would together, that the system may be kept nate another sweet young lady who close the meeting and let us leave with perfect."(D&C 84:109110.) left her home for a nearby bigger city this sense of appreciation and concern

Let me spend a few minutes illusfor employment. She had a great desire and gratitude to God."

trating the great importance of our to attend a church university and The bishop did rise, but he didn't responsibilities to each other under needed funds to help her achieve her close the meeting. Instead he said,

these sacred assignments from the ambition. She failed to find work in "Brothers and sisters, Donna's story

JUNE 196S 553 has saddened and touched us all. She anything I can do about it, this will 'the eye cannot say unto the hand, I

has courageously and humbly accepted not happen again to one of mine."have no need of thee: nor again the

full responsibility for her sorrowful The president of the YWMIA stood head to the feet, I have no need of situation. She has, in effect, put a list up arid told a similar story. The you. Nay... the members should

of sinners on the.wall of the chapel bishop's counselor in charge of this have the same care one for another.

with only her name on the list. I canauxiliary organization had talked with And whether one member suffer, all

not in honesty leave it there alone. At her. She had had some moments of the members suffer with it; Or one

—theleast onenameotherof onenamewhomustis inbe partwrittenrethoughtnothing. andShe addedconcernherbutnamehad todonethe memberrejoice withbe honoured,it'(1 Cor.all 12:2122,the members25sponsible for this misfortune, though list. 26.)—I think we could not have underhe was far away when the incident The last witness was an older man stood the point more clearly."

occurred. The name is a familiar one who stood and added two names to A number of years ago Brother

to you. It is the name of your bishop. the list—his own and that of his comJoseph Anderson and I had the priviYou see,"he said, "had I fully perpanion ward teacher. He noted that lege of driving with President J.

formed the duties of my calling and they were assigned to the home in Reuben Clark, Jr., to a solemn assemaccepted the opportunities of my leadwhich Donna and her mother lived bly in St. George. On the way I related

ership, perhaps I could have prevented and that they had failed in some visits to him this story, it having recently this tragedy."and made no effective effort to be the happened then. He thought a long

The bishop then told of his converkind of teachers that the revelations of time and had a tear in his eye as he sation with Donna and her mother God had contemplated. said, "Brother Hanks, that is the most

before her departure for the big city. "I don't know how long I will be significant story I ever heard to illusHe said that he had talked with some a ward teacher,"he said, "but as long trate the great importance of our

of his associates. He had talked with as I am, I will not miss another home filling our individual obligations in

his wife, expressing concern for another month, and I will try to be the Church. When you have thought

Donna's wellbeing. He worried about the kind of teacher that the Lord about it long enough, pass it on to

her lack of experience and her loneliseemed to have in mind."others."

ness. He had talked, he said, with the The meeting ended, and the won- I have thought about it long and

Lord about these things also. derful man who shared this great often. I believe it illustrates power-

"But then,"he said, "I did nothing. experience with me said, "Brother fully and humblingly the purposes of

I didn't write a note to the bishop or Hanks, I think we could not have more the Lord in establishing his kingdom to the brethren in Salt Lake City. I clearly understood the importance of and permitting us the blessing of indididn't pick up the telephone. I didn't the offices and officers and organizavidual service therein. I now share it

drive a few miles to the big city. I just tions in the Church if the Lord himself with you and pray God to bless us all

hoped and prayed that Donna would had come down to teach us. I think to understand its implications and to

be all right down there all alone. I that if Paul had come to repeat his act on them, in the name of Jesus

don't know what I might have done, instructions to the Corinthians that Christ. Amen.

but I have the feeling that had I been the kind of bishop I might have been, this might have been prevented.

"My brothers and sisters,"he said, "I don't know how long I am going to be bishop of this ward. But as long as

I am, if there is anything I can do

it,about this won't happen again to Response to Duty of mine."one

The bishop sat down in tears. His President David 0. McKay

counselor stood up and said, "I love the bishop. He is one of the best and Brethren and sisters, we have had a the membership of the Church of

most conscientious human beings I glorious conference. I do not know Jesus Christ.

have ever known. I cannot leave his when I have been more thrilled with I have had occasion to be thrilled

name there on the list without adding the messages than I have been by those with the willingness of the church my own. You see, the bishop did talk given at this conference, which began membership to respond to the call of

with his associates. He talked with me on the sixth and has continued missionary work, whether it is local or

about this matter. I think that he through Saturday and Sunday. foreign. Every man, almost without

thought that because I travel occasionOne thing has stood out in my mind exception, and particularly every ally in my business through the big as most significant. It is the response woman says he or she is ready to

city, I might find a way to check on of brethren and sisters to calls to duty, respond to any call that the Church

Donna. I might have done, but I was either in the Church locally or away makes. I don't know of anything

hurrying to this meeting or that assignon calls that require absence from the more impressive in this Church than ment and I didn't take the time. I too town in which they live. I have been this response to a call to service by

talked with others. I mentioned my impressed with the responsiveness of these faithful members. When you

concern to my wife. I am almost men, women, and children to a call think of the thousands of missionaries,

ashamed to tell you I talked to the of the Church to duty that they need most of them men, but many of them

Lord and asked him to help Donna. to perform at home or abroad. women, who are giving their time,

And then I did nothing. I don't know7 The government has a great plan their means, in response to calls of

what might have happened had I done for calling the youth of the country bishops, stake presidents, and others what I thought to do, but I have the to perform service, not for themselves in the service of this great Church, it feeling that I might have prevented but a mission for the country itself. is wonderful. Many have said, "I

this misfortune. They are not succeeding so well as will sell my home, I will make any

"Brothers and sisters,"he said, "I they had anticipated in getting the sacrifice in order to fulfill the call to don't know how long I will be serving young men of the United States to fill duty."

in this bishopric, but I want to tell the calls made. But you do not find As I stand here before you, I think

you that as long as I am, if there is a responsiveness to duty unheeded by I cannot refer to one refusal to a call

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Editors Page instead of turbulency in his soul. dained of God, that only under the

A happy marriage begins when a most exceptional conditions should it (Continued from page 477) young couple kneels at the altar, each be set aside. In the teachings of the

giving to the other what each demands Church of Christ, the family assumes opportunity, no matter what the tempand each covenanting to be true to the supreme importance in the developtation, let the young man know that other. ment of the individual and of society.

to find happiness he must hold sacred For the proper solution of the great "Happy and thrice happy are they who his true manhood. Let him know that problem of marriage, we may turn with enjoy an uninterrupted union and

he is going to live, and live completely, safety to Jesus for our guide. He dewhose love, unbroken by any comby refusing to yield to temptations. clared that the marriage relation is of plaints, shall not dissolve until the last

Then he is happy. There is peace divine origin and that marriage is orday."It will not dissolve when a

worthy couple is sealed by the authority of the Holy Priesthood throughout all eternity. The marriage ceremony

when thus sealed produces happiness and joy unsurpassed by any other exto duty. I have in mind a postponeSome of you may feel as though the perience in the world.

ment for a year, or for six months and General Authorities are unappreciative, To no other group of men in all the sometimes more, but I cannot think of but I want you to know that we appreworld is given a better opportunity to one person who has said, "I cannot ciate more than ever before in the instruct and inspire our young men accept a call."One of them might history of this Church the willingness and women to keep themselves unsay, "Give me six months, a year, two of men and women to respond to the spotted from the sins of the world.

years, and I will fulfill the call, the service which the Church needs in Members of the Church and especially duty, that you now give me."the furtherance of the establishment of the priesthood have the opportunity

Yes, I can think of one, a youngof the gospel. to be engaged in the noblest calling in

man, who said, "No, I think I can't God bless you! Don't feel discourlife—to establish salvation and peace

fulfill that call."He is thinking of it aged. "... seek ye first the kingdom of to the extent that their individual

now and worrying. He will accept it, God, and his righteousness,"and all efforts, their talents, and their means

I am sure; if he is given a few months, else will be added. (Matt. 6:33.) You are consecrated, and their lives are

maybe six months, he will come back are showing your willingness thus to dedicated to make the world a better and say, "I will take that call and do do your best and give your all if and fitter place for man.

the best I can."necessary. The Prophet Joseph Smith was given

Now, when you multiply the calls I have in mind men who say, "Well, the divine message: "Remember the

in the missionary area alone, it is if you need us in this area, if you need worth of souls is great in the sight of wonderful that the membership of the more help, if you need money, just God...."(D&C 18:10.) Such is the

Church is so responsive to any duty, let us know."It is the spirit of willphilosophy expressed by the Redeemer

any responsibility that the Church ingness and the response to the call in the seemingly paradoxical statement, desires of them. It is apparent to all of duty that overwhelms us sometimes. "... he that loseth his life for my sake

the Church, this responsiveness of the I am saying at the end of this glorious shall find it."(Matt. 10:39.) The

membership to the call to duty; it is conference that never before in the meaning of this becomes clear in the

an outstanding feature of The Church history of the Church has there been light of another passage which says, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. manifest such willingness to give "Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one

Young men, young women, older financially or intellectually anything of the least of these my brethren, ye men, and older women, stand ready to the Lord wants of you as is manifest have done it unto me."(Matt. 25:40.)

respond to a call of the Church and throughout the Church today. Just to be associated with men

to make any sacrifice necessary in May the Lord bless you for your striving toward such an aim is a joy, order to give the call of the Church willingness to deny yourselves physiand to assist them in their quest, an preference in preaching the gospel, not cally, intellectually, and temporally inspiration. If you are true followers of

only a missionary call that requires a for the good of The Church of Jesus the Savior, you are striving to serve sacrifice to duty, but the rendering of Christ of Latterday Saints. your fellowmen in love.

finances, sometimes reaching millions I should like to say this in better To the thousands assembled in this of dollars, in order to make the call terms, but I cannot express it as I historic Tabernacle, the Assembly Hall, more successful as a service to the should like to. Not only are my legs and to the thousands listening in by

Church. defiant, but my tongue gets twisted. direct wire, I pray with an earnest

What I am saying is this: that every The Lord bless you in your homes, heart, God keep you away from the

man and every woman with the Spirit in your church appointments, whether base, scheming plans of him who enof the Lord in his or her heart will at home or abroad. God bless you, thrones passion, who decries selfdeny himself or herself in order to you young men and girls, in living the control, who renounces the sacredness

make the calls to the work of the Lord honorable life your parents would have of the family, and who, in the words successful. It is not only a halfdozen you live; and God will make you of the communist, Marx himself, woulu

persons that I am referring to, but happy by being true to the ideals of "dethrone God."

thousands in this Church will give an virtue and purity and will bring hapOfficers, leaders, men of the priestaffirmative response to the call to an piness to your parents, happiness to hood, you are chosen of God. Go forth

office in a ward or a stake. your wards, happiness to the memberradiating a testimony that this is God's

Brethren, I am saying to you with ship of the kingdom of God. work. Feel it yourselves, and then the

appreciation, God bless you for your I ask that you uphold and sustain men and women in your wards and ready response to the calls that come your authorities in the wards and the stakes will feel it; the young people

to you either in your ward or stake stakes. Be true to the standards of especially will feel it, for you are

or area. And the Lord is mindful of right as taught by your fathers and radiating not just what you say, but

your willingness to make a ready remothers. Be true to your individual what you are and what you do.

sponse and to do what you can to selves by upholding the ideals of rightGod guide us, and help us, and inextend the work of the Lord at home eousness, I pray in the name of the spire us in this great work, I pray in and abroad. Lord Jesus Christ. Amen. the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

JUNE 1966 555 Teaching The young man's reply was rather the desirability of its value becomes nebulous. Again the dean queried apparent to him, he will come to a

(Continued from page 479) with greater intensity, "Are you or conviction that the principle will "You cannot teach a man anything, are you not a good Mormon?"The have real meaning in his own life.

you can only help him to find it young man gathered his courage 3. Commit the student to the

within himself."and replied with fervor, "Yes, I am principle or goal. The task of the

From the great teaching ability a good Latterday Saint."Comteacher is to bring the student to a

of Christ, note that he was ever mitted, the student became an even point where he will not only desire striving to draw the answer from better member of the Church from but also will commit himself, thus his listeners. To a lawyer who that day forth. placing him in a position of greater

asked him, "Master, what shall I While visiting in the home of the obligation to achieve the goal or to do to inherit eternal life?"Christ writer, a church leader was reput the principle into action. The

countered, "What is written in the quested to give blessings to two student must see this goal as stureadest law? thou?"how

a When youngdifficultymeninwhoovercomingwere havinga Wordsevereof obtainable.dent it must (Withbe accomplisheda younger in the lawyer the correct gave answer,

the Lord confirmed and admonWisdom problem. He refused the short period of time.)

ished him: "... This do, and thou blessings until the boys were wilFurther, a commitment must be

shalt live."(Luke 10:2528.) ling to commit themselves with all appropriate to the age of the per-

A student of the New Testament their hearts to do everything within son involved. An inexperienced

counted 128 times that Jesus drew their power to keep the Word of teacher committed a group of from people a correct answer in an Wisdom. The blessings were given, young boys to go on a mission and

effort to commit them to live acand these young men did overcome was sadly disappointed a week cording to the gospel. In the mere the problem. Both are now serving later to find that all had forgotten

making of a response a person bein the mission field. the commitment. This teacher

comes at least partially committed How does a teacher commit a would have been mucrKmore sucto live words. by his own Upon student?1. The objective must be clear. acessfulcommitmenthad he broughtof savingthe penniesclass to occasion, saith one "Jesus to Simon

Peter, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest The teacher must have clearly in and nickels toward a mission rather thou me more than these? He his mind a real objective or printhan making a total commitment to

saith unto him, Yea, Lord; thou ciple that can be taught to bring go on one at some future time.

knowest that I love thee. He saith about a desirable change in the Teacher and student must work

of behavior the student. in together that formulating him, a goal unto Feed my lambs.

student 2. The must understand will help saith the apply young person again the sec- "He to him

ond time, Simon, son of Jonas, the goal. This is accomplished by the principle in his life for the

lovest thou me? He saith unto him, stimulating the student's interest happiness of himself and, what is

Yea, Lord; thou knowest that I through meaningful experience, even more desirable, for the happilove thee. He saith unto him, Feed lecture, discussion, and problem ness of others. It is important that

student's solving. the compreAs also the teacher sheep. desire the samemy principle of the grows and goal or is living principle at the the "He saith unto him the third hension

time, Simon, son of Jonas, lovest time he commits the student; otherthou me? Peter was grieved bewise, his efforts will be in vain. FAST HOLD

RUSSELL 4. Continued motivation is essenPAULSONcause he said unto him the third BY SOLVEIG

time, Lovest thou me? And he tial for commitment. A student will

said unto him, Lord, thou knowonly commit himself to a goal while est all things; thou knowest that I Hold fast to lovely things, in a state of high motivation.

love thee. Jesus saith unto him, Do not let them go. Therefore, the skillful instructor

Feed my sheep."(John 21:1517.) Keep the rose blooms softness, will develop strong emotional

Each successive time that Peter The brittle white of snow; feelings to fortify the conviction of

reiterated his love for the Savior, Keep the lilt of pewee song, the student that the goal will alhe undoubtedly was more comThe glint of poppy gold; ways be very worthwhile. It must

mitted to fulfill the charge: "Feed Fill your mind with loveliness, be remembered that how one feels

my sheep."Likewise, any great Gentle, silent, bold. determines his actions much more

teacher who can bring his students Hold fast to lovely things, than how he thinks. The teacher

to commit themselves verbally, or Do not let them go. should strive for a combination of

silently within the "heart,"has See the wonder of a child, both. If he is skillful, he will caremade the gospel a directing force A hearth fire's rosy glow; fully guide the student's thinking

in their lives. Keep the warm sweet feeling toward a commitment to the degoal. The commitment must A young Latterday Saint stuOf every loving look; sired

dent applying for admittance to Keep the dancing laughter be a result of the student's own the graduate school of a wellOf a dimpled brook. thinking, or he will eventuallyknown university was called to the come to the conclusion that it was

dean's office for a review of his Hold fast to lovely things pressured on him during a period application. The dean observed the That nourish inner light, of high emotions, and he may thus

student's religious preference and That breathe a secret blessing renounce it. It is of great advantage

asked, "Are you a good Mormon?"Of peace—strength—and delight. to the teacher if the student makes

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

his commitment known, for he can come to his aid—the spirit of God. has in store for them. The Church

then help to strengthen and fortify 6. Apply the commitment. When now stands on the threshold of a

the student. a commitment has been made and great program to spread the gospel

Some students, however, are the student's decision and goal are throughout the world. This will

reluctant to reveal their true feelclear, the instructor must then do only be accomplished by youth ings. To solve this problem, one everything possible to suggest, inwho have made a total commitment

effective teacher, while teaching a vent, or open up avenues to help to the Church and to its obligation lesson on speech improvement, the student put the commitment of carrying the gospel "to every successfully used the method of into immediate application. Since nation, kindred, tongue, and

having two students commit themcontinued motivation is essential, people...."(D&C 77:8.)

selves to each other. Each was it must be maintained by a sense Teachers of the Church must

obligated to treat the other if he of accomplishment toward an obstrive for the power and the wisused profane language. tainable goal. The greatest weakdom to bring youth to the same

5. Spiritual strength is received ness of both teacher and student is commitment that made Joseph

through commitment. Often a teenthe failure to practice the principle Smith the great teacher and

ager is reticent about making a of the gospel, in spite of knowing prophet that he was when he said, commitment, fearful that he will it will have great value in their "Whatever God requires is right, no not have sufficient strength to lives. matter what it is, although we may

achieve it. The teacher should help It is imperative that the youth not see the reason thereof until

the student realize that when a of the Church commit themselves long after the events transpire."

righteous commitment is made, to the gospel principles if they are (Documentary History of the there is an unseen power that will to fulfill the destiny that the Lord Church, Vol. 5, p. 135.

Testimony and a resist the Spirit of the Lord, behold, for the future progression of the

Liberal Education it will begin to swell within your individual.

breasts; and when you feel these Little children are not able to

(Continued from page 482) swelling motions, ye will begin to perform this experiment, but rightly as we gain greater confidence in say within yourselves—It must may consider their parents as comthe truthfulness of the Book of needs be that this is a good seed, petent authorities and are justified

Mormon, our confidence in the or that the word is good, for it in saying the gospel is true. They

existence of a true and living God beginneth to enlarge my soul; yea, do know it is true because their

becomes greater. Paul who was it beginneth to enlighten my underparents have told them so. Howblessed with a vision of heaven, standing, yea, it beginneth to be ever, as a child grows and begins

said, "For now we see through a delicious to me."(Alma 32:2728.) to question things for himself, it

glass darkly; but then face to face: "And now, behold, because ye is normal that he should doubt.

now I know in part; but then shall have tried the experiment, and When young people enter the uni-

I know even as also I am known/'planted the seed, and it swelleth versities, their horizons will expand, (1 Cor. 13:12.) Yet like a scientist and sprouteth, and beginneth to and many new and profound ideas

who gains confidence in the princigrow, ye must needs know that the will spring upon them. Often they

ples of science and acts upon them seed is good. may doubt and question old teachas known facts, we gain testimonies "And now, behold, is your knowlings. How will they respond to this

of the truthfulness of the gospel edge perfect? Yea, your knowledge challenge? If they are willing to

and live our lives in accordance is perfect in that thing, and your perform Alma's experiment, to seek, with it. faith, is dormant; and this because study, and live the gospel, they

Alma, a prophet of the Book of ye know, for ye know that the word will aquire a confidence in its

Mormon, believed in the scientific hath swelled your souls, and ye also truth until they are able to act and method, for he said: "... if ye will know that it hath sprouted up, that speak on the basis of knowledge.

awake and arouse your faculties, your understanding doth begin to FOOTNOTES even to an experiment upon my be enlightened, and your mind iPhilip Hughes, A History of the words, and exercise a particle of doth begin to expand. Church: The Church in the World the

faith, yea, even if ye can no more "O then, is not this real? I say Church Made, Augustine to Aquinas

than desire to believe, let this unto you, Yea,..."(Alma 32: '2,(Newp. 431.York: Sheed and Ward, 1952),

desire work in you, even until ye 3335.) 2Thomas F. O'Dea, American Catholic

believe in a manner that ye can Alma has given us to understand Dilemma (New American Library, 1958), 98. this are p. of the results experiment of a for place portiongive my

Castell, Introduction 3A. to ModAn or just a feelemotion an real—notwords. York: Macmillan ern Philosophy (New

of the ing, enlightenment an but will the compare word "Now, 8081. we Co., 1943), pp.

unto a seed. Now, if ye give place, understanding, expansion of the 4Martin, The Meaning of a Liberal

Norton, Education W. (New York: W. joy, swellof great a feeling in your mind, plantedthat a seed be may

91. p. 1926), as one breast within the it if seed, ing upheart, behold, be a true Prothe Pascal, Pensees 5Blaise and

or a good seed, if ye do not cast comprehends the gospel and the vincial Letters (New York: Random

it out by your unbelief, that ye will eternal possibilities that it unfolds House), pp. 68, 71.

JUNE 19S6 557

AN INSPIRATIONAL MUST

FOR YOUR MUSICAL LIBRARY Nesting(ContinuedInstinctfrom page 487)

When I finished my work, I stood at the back door and listened to

to believe it was still midwinter. kihg Family the sounds of evening. It was hard LOVED BEST 22 akin to the It seemed more drowsy

Soldiers Christian 01 Onward HYMNSThee Thoughl Very The Jesus is Over i sunoayflock 01 Ages now its of April with and magic Prayer Theellltib EveryLIU Hour I HeedliliU Dl Sweei With Abide Me I WilliHour > 1Mbi LordLuru mi beauty your Blessings Fathers

Pilol Sunshine Saviour. Jesus, Me Kindly i Lead Shepherd My x is drift makebelieve, myself and I let TempestCainlQ Light'- V r"lPBMFortressin My Soul. A Mighty TheVqYe PnmoCome.Master,PrimpCome. Hundredth) (Old Doxology Hope Whisperlno Is Raoiito"1

At There's) Love Home All 01 Our And King Bod Creatures Holy! into Holy. Holy. Art the enchantment. Great kitchen Thou How The I

with its shining freshwashed dishes, the old clock, my grandmother's widebottomed rocker by the window, all became my own.

Again I laughed softly, as I had upstairs, watching Walter. I was

suffering, I knew, from what my friends called "the nesting instinct."

The first star appeared, distant in its mystery of clouds. It stood

directly over the Tomlin's house, as though supported by the dark stream of smoke that rose from the chimney, filling the air with the pungency of wood. As I watched,

Craig came out to where the logs were neatly stacked; shouldering a

it with an easy WARNER BROS. big log, he hefted

RECORDS grace and carried it inside. He beALBUM -1633 gan to whistle, but the door had

closed again behind him before I could identify the tune: "I Dream

of Jeannie with the Light Brown

Hair."He gave no other indication of having seen me loitering there in the dusk. Oh,'the worry and the

sweetness of it! Sometimes I was

sure Craig liked me, really liked me. But then there was Lee Ann.

I could never be sure that the rest of the time he didn't like her—and

like her better than me. Moreover,

SKYLARK

BY GRACE BARKER WILSON

The skylark flew directly toward the sun, rev It's smiles all the you when way DATSUN '1600'—up the big And flung his soul

full guide the dualcarb engine and synchromesh 1600cc, 96hp 4-speed floor stick through the gears. Delivers fully equipped with on high in melody;

radio, heater, WSW tires, belts, disc brakes up front, tonneau...the

works! Gives it a go at your Datsun Dealer this very I, though earthbound,

week! $2546 Delivered plus tax, license, dealer handling felt my spirits rise, and freight charges, if any. DATSUN

And in my heart DA TSUN, BOX 191, an answering harmony.

GARDENA, CALIFORNIA PARTSDATSUNAND SERVICE AVAILABLE from COAST TO COAST

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

wmm

.. Phillips 66 Go with

the gasoline that won the West!

All set to take the family on a big vacation trip? Be sure to stop along the

way at the sign of Phillips 66. Fill up with the gasoline that won the West

... and get more gallop per gallon. You'll enjoy Phillips famous Western

hospitality too—especially if you've got a Phillips 66 Credit Card. It's good

for all Phillips 66 products... and lets you say "charge it"at all Quality

Courts Motels! Pick up an application at any Phillips 66 station or Quality

Courts Motel. Go with Phillips 66—the gasoline that won the West!

JUNE 1966 559 she lived in the dorm, an outof- and fourthirtv in the afternoon, I shrugging. "Besides, I wanted to

state student. realized I was in love. get away from here for awhile, to

Craig and I had lived next door I asked him about the summer. sort of try my wings."

to each other all of our lives, but "I worked as a laborer on the inter- "Did you?"

not until he had been away all state highway,"he told me, "mostly His eyes became opaque, shutsummer working on a highway laying pipelines and digging ting me out. "Yes,"he said.

project did I miss him, and I'm ditches. At first my shoulders ached "Where did you stay?"

sure he had never really given me like an abscessed tooth, but I got "I lived like the other men, whermore than a passing thought either. used to it."He smiled. "The hardest ever we could find a room and

Then, just after the fall term began, thing to take was the sun. It poured meals. Once we slept in a loft on

I met him coming home from down on you relentlessly. I'll bet army cots for almost four weeks,

classes one afternoon. I'll never complain about cold, but the food was good."He burst

There was certainly nothing undreary weather again as long as I into laughter. "Some of the stuff

usual about our meeting. We came lve. they served I'd never even heard

down two different streets, and we "Why did you take work like of before. I never left anything on

met at the intersection and walked that?"I asked. "Your grandfather my plate, though. We were too

home together. It was as simple as could have got you on anyplace in tired and hungry to be picky."

that. After all these years of knowtown—at the grocery store or the "Was that where you met Lee

ing Lewis Craighorn Tomlin, on drugstore, maybe."Ann?"

that September day, between four "It was good money,"he said, "Uh huh,"he nodded slightly.

"Her mother boarded us."Again

his eyes shut me out.

"Is she in your class?"

"We don't have the same courses."His evasiveness irritated

me. | THE IS DECISIVE "Then how come you study toSPOKEN EACH DAY

WORD i gether?"I was shocked at the spite

in my voice. I really hadn't meant

it to come out like that.

RICHARD I. EVANS "How do you know with whom I

study?"His tone was sharpedged,

The choices in life are always and endless. Every hour, every instant and though I wanted to shriek at

gives us something to decide—where we go, what we learn, what we do him, some intuitive instinct warned

with time, whether we work or play, develop or drift, acquire good habits me to lose the battle. "I don't

or bad, think good thoughts or unworthy ones. Each choice determines really know,"I told him. "I just

our direction, at least for that particular time. And while the black and heard she helped you."That was

white areas may be comparatively easy to choose between, the wide underhanded, but it worked.

gray areas may be a harmlesslooking mixture in which we get a little "She helps me!"He flung back

of both good and bad; yet like small doses of some poisons, the cumulahis head. "Well, that's a switch."

tive effect may be fatal. Temptation is always present. Compromises of Craig spent much more time with

principle are almost always possible. We never live in isolation from Lee Ann through the winter than

all evil. We are never free from selection. The cheap, the shoddy, the with me. In a small town everydownright bad are always offered. The ultimately good and right are thing gets around. She was working

always there also. And while we should eliminate evil from our environas a cashier at the Motor Inn for a

ment as fully as we can, yet when we can't control circumstances outside couple of hours each afternoon, so ourselves, the one thing for which we are responsible is control of our- I herded some of my friends in for selves. This being so, the choices, the attitudes, inclinations, the selections a soda and a looksee. She was

of every instant are important. "One of the'illusions of life,"said Emerson, bigger than I expected, longlegged

"is that the present hour is not the critical [or] decisive hour. Write it and blonde in a healthy sort of

on your heart that every day is [a decisive] day...."What we decide way. She smiled easily and spoke

to do today determines tomorrow. The decisive time of life isn't someto the customers in a peculiar,

time far future. The decisive time of life is now—this hour, this moment. backcountry drawl that delighted

"Some day, in the years to come,"said Phillips Brooks r "you will be them.

wrestling with the great temptation, or trembling under the great sorrow I thought about Lee Ann as I of your life. But the real struggle is here,, now.... Now it is being stood on the back porch dreaming,

decided whether, in the day of your supreme sorrow or temptation, you and I admitted that in some areas shall miserably fail or gloriously conquer. Character cannot be made I was definitely outclassed. I

except by a steady, long continued process."Each day is decisive, each watched the smoke pour out of the

hour is decisive, each decision is decisive. The struggle is always, the chimney in gusts. Craig must have

choice is note. The direction is indicated every day. And as Ivor Griffith thrown a log on the fire and poked

said it: "Character is a victory, not a gift."1 up the blaze. Treasuring his little

whistled tune, hoping he really did nvor Griffith (1891American educator. dream about me, I resolutely ban-

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia ished Lee Ann from my mind.

Broadcasting System March 20, 1966. Copyright 1966. Inside the house, my father was

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MR. FREDERICK DAVIS, Conductor of the famed SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

MORMON CHOIR, proudly seated at the Yamaha Grand Piano.

Director Davis is one more recognized musical authortural integrity have made it the choice of conservaan as well as world, the around universities and of tories qualities the superb appreciatesity who and artist the throughout Stakes and by Wards purchase approved on his is based his opinion Certainly, pianos.Yamaha

community. the Mormon without and within both experience musicalwide ideal is an or grand upright a Yamaha Certainly, community.Mormon junior hall, chapel, cultural home, Ward the for piano musical Davis'Mr. fine musicians, with so many As church other and rooms, Society Relief school, Sunday magnificent tone, superb to Yamaha's respondsear

uses. that Qualities action. responsive clean, andresonance, Davis'of artist Mr. an that proud indeed are We a fine into build can craftsmanship exactingonly piano, of the Yamaha superiority the recognizes stature church. or the for home instrumentmusical specify churches Mormon when proud equally and rethe for is responsible craftsmanship same That and its performance for piano quality the Yamaha to ability Its piano. of the Yamaha durabilitymarkable

retain perfect tune for extended periods and its strucdurability.

Since 1887 Write direct for free helpful literature and specifications:

7733 Telegraph Road, Montebello, California 150 Fifth Avenue, New York, New York YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL CORPORATION

JUNE 1966 S6I.

bumbling around, trying to find the sports page. Upstairs my new

brother was asleep in his freshly painted crib. Back in the kitchen

I shoved my dreams into the background and hunted up my books.

One afternoon, as Craig left me at my gate, I called impulsively after him. "Where have you been,

anyway? I never see you around

anymore. You must have a hideout

somewhere."

"I do,"he said solemnly. "You've

forgotten."He took my hand.

"Allow me to refresh your memory—"I followed him into his house and up the steep steps to the old attic where. we used to play on

rainy days. Everything was the way

I remembered it. "There's Miss

Tilly,"I said, pointing to the wireframed seamstress model still wrapped in an old sheet against the dust of time. "And there's the seat

Winnifred Jardine, award winning home economist, cooks to your swing!""And my grandfather's sword op ideas daily in the Deseret News. Her array of recipes

provide easyto-prepare meals for all occasions. Next time and my father's scout badges and the steamer trunk with my mother's you're looking for a new dinner idea, read Winnifred Jardine in your wedding dress in it."He smiled a

little, playfully ridiculing those who treasured things. DESERET NEWS I made a face at him. "I'd never

throw them awav either,"I said staunchly.

He moved across the attic withUSE OUR NEW ABC CREDIT PLAN out answering me and opened the

FOR ALL YOUR PURCHASES AT AUERBACH'S door near the huge chimney. The

light from the dormer window cast

PHONE OUR CREDIT OFFICE the room into shadows, but I could the had been transformed room RICHMOND to see Simple as ABC—come catchall the where from we used to TREMONTON Auerbach's, Buy it, Charge

it. romp. Shelves lined two walls, and

Pay the full amount the some of the old furniture had been next month after you rerepaired. His desk was near the

ceive your statement, or window, piled with books. A rug

pay only 1/6 of your accovered the wide floor boards. "It's

count balance each month. magic,"I Cried. "When did you do

You are your own banker it?"

GRANTSVILLE pay your account in full or "Little Jby little."He looked

in installments 1/6 each pleased. "Come on,"he took my

month. For larger purhand again and started toward the

TOOELE HEBER chases, arrange a Contract chimney.

Account with 6 months or "The stairway,", I exclaimed,

PAYSON < PROVO longer to complete payhurrying after him. "The stairway

ment. in the chimney!"He slipped his

Phone for free delivery if you live in our large delivery hand behind the panel and opened area: 3281188 in Salt Lake City area, 8251607 in Ogden the door. We stepped inside.

area, 3742780 in Provo area. Outlying areas, call The narrow brick steps mounted

Zenith to delivery free. 737 toll north Free Tremonton together stood to the rim, and we

to east south Provo, and Richmond, to Heber and Payson the town. looking out across It had all to points Grantsville Tooele, and west Midway, and

in between. been years since we'd discovered

Beyond our delivery area, write to Auerbach's, Box 1465. the steps in the false flue. Craig's

grandmother told us some legends STATE AND about them when we came shoutBROADWAY

SALT LAKE ing to her. "They're all unfounded,"

CITY, UTAH 84110

ws. 562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Ride The Hot One

n\$f-- I

Hottest Brand Going1966, Continental Oil Company

To get you there and get you hack, go with top quality products and service.

Ride The Hot One.. Conoco!

When you Ride The Hot One... you ride with the best... in everything

from high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the latest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoymenttoyourtravelsthrough America's scenic wonderland... When you RIDE THE HOT ONE...CONOCO...HOTTEST BRAND GOING

BHtfcjK*:/H

she'd said. "Nobody actually knows

jBhHhs*'P* & *'why the steps were built. This part

iSHfl tfiH HF /jWbBfejWE of the house is very old, and some say the steps were constructed to

CV** wardwere usedoff Indians.as a lookoutOthersduringsay theythe

JE55JJJC, --j- Revolution, or that they were part Ippr iprliiaK| r;y-lf of the underground railway in the

tffc. 'Iff rafej War Between the States."

The river stretched like a slim, lC*aS2ra3n8l shining arm toward the bay, and along its banks the pine trees clus-. ijMflffiri j tered, dark green against the sky.

The town nestled near the trees and river, washed with the goldleaf of afternoon sunshine. Even

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY mydrenchedown inhouseunreality,seemedand strange,Walter,

PURCHASES KNABE—climbing in the tulip tree, was part

THE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA ofwereit. Butseparatewe werein thenot.vantageCraig andpointI

of the chimney, looking at a world

You'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine rooted and grounded in the past,

Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome containing all of which we were a

churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe? part. He bent his head and kissed

me.

The next day I began avoiding Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano Craig, and nearly a week passed specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional before I saw him coming purposemusicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and defully through the hedge that

pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the divided our yards. I was putting

Metropolitan Opera. Walter's bike away, and there was

nothing to do but stop and wait.

He was carrying his books and a Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and receive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many clipboard, and he put them down on the back porch and wheeled the quality features of Knabe.

bike into the garage for me. It used

to be a barn. The lilacs between it

and the porch are gnarled and old, but each spring they put out tight little buds to let you know summer is just around the corner.

"Where have you been?"he

asked. "I haven't seen you all

week.""You know where I live,"I said, making my point.

East Rochester, N.Y. He studied the grass. "What's

Signature of Quality Pianos the matter, Jeannie?"A "I don't know."I looked at the

grass too. "You've kissed other boys."I

shook my head. I couldn't explainJOIN B.Y.U.'s ANNUAL CHURCH that the feelings he awakened inHISTORY—HILL CUMORAH me were different.

PAGEANT TOUR Inside the house, Claudie began to cry, so I stood up. "Mother 11 be

directed A. McKINLAY. by and LYNN G. MADSEN TRUMAN needing me."Craig got to his feet

orin chronological pointsVisit all - of L.D.S. church history

too. der and see the Hill Cumorah Pa- "I was wondering,"he said, geant. Inspirational talks will be leaning back against the porch rail,

given en route by Brother McKinlay "if like to go with you'd me to see

Travel by air. Lynn A. McKinlay Madsen. and Brother department drama The Our Town?

DATES: July 2331, 1966. Time is limited, write today for is putting it on tomorrow and Satfurther details to: urday."

He's asking me, not Lee Ann, I

Department of Travel Study sftsSf Brigham Young University

Truman G. Madsen Provo, Utah 84601

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Queen Elizabeth. Queen Mary.

World's largest superliners. Each over 80,000 tons of fun on the

move to Europe... more bigness to fill your life aboard with more luxury.

Begin your vacation with a vacation. International gourmet cuisine, big British service that bolsters your ego, a 5-day house party unrivaled by

any resort. Your fare buys it all. Don't just sit there. Make the big move.

Any Wednesday

See your travel agent or Cunard.CUNARDAll Cunard liners areQUEENSof British Registry.JUNE 1966move 56S

thought wildly. I said, "I've seenNEW! FOOD & MONEY SAVERS! the posters. I think I'd like it."

DOUBLE H BREADMASTER "Good."He looked very pleased.

Kneads dough in 5 minutes. Full 12quart capacity; holds "How about 7:30?"He picked up

dough for 1 to 4 loaves. Lifetime solid aluminum pail and his books. "Lee Ann's a member of

lid. surelock Stainless steel mixing rod. Pail clamps to the cast,"he said, and I wondered table. 2-year guarantee.

Ship. wt. 7 lbs $21.95* if he'd read my jealous mind.

Cameo Model (write for details) $12.95* He went around backstage after

the performance. Although Craig

GERMAN IMPORTED GRINDER hadn't mentioned it, Lee Ann had the lead. She was good, but even

in the heart she though touched my Grinds to flour wheat PERMAPAK ALSO OFFERS grinding! one I play, I for no match was knew

Complete economical storfamily and food imand inNew off. talents her or onstage As we mill proved plans age

for use with B of the our through made line way Complete freezedried of mob foods camping corn, wheat, rates Special for church nuts, etc. club and groups students, Mr. Latin Jackson, my

Sturdily built for free Write literature information. and teacher, "I'm stopped pleased me. for years of order Send for the your or Breadmixer Grinder

service. Larger, heavier afto see cultural a attending you together check or with fo: order money stronger, sharper with

grinding plates. Adfair, Jeannie,"he said, and in the

justable fine from it to minute took to answer him, I lost flour.. for coarse

or cereal..PERMAPAKPIONEERS IN PREPAREDNESS PRODUCTS track of Craig.

E. South, 2430 40 lbs.. 11 wt. Ship $11.99'first. I spotted Everyone Lee Salt Ann City, Lake Utah 84115

29lb. Largesize Salt *F.O.B. Lake City. her, milling shouting was around

residents include. $18.95* domestic grinder congratulations. the She tax. accepted sales 3!/2%Utah

compliments with an easy graciousness that I envied, but what bothered me most was the skill with which Craig disentangled her from the crowd and maneuvered her into a corner. I moved toward them.

This was no time for him to be alone with the idol of the evening.

savings caron this the crush."hear even me. He didn't

load purchase to CARLOAD SALE Fetzer's passes the "Hi,"I said to Craig. "I lost you in great,"says "Mr. Ramsey I was you. folding ABC

Banquet Tables Lee Ann confided. "He says I have BANQUET... rigid and dur- a bright future on the stage."She

only able but sleek and stood close to Craig and smiled, TABLES stylish. and I wanted to weep. "Someday

I'll be famous. I'll live in a 20room

car. I'll sports have clothes, SALT LAKE CABINET & FIXTURE COMPANY foreign e Stop by or call, Claude Williamson, 4846103 mansion and drive around in a clothes, different pair of clothes—50 1436 South Salt West Temple, Lake City, Utah

shoes if I want them."Then, like

fingers, the of snap her mood my facilities of produccapable have at We PRESS DESERET NEWS a joyousness changed. The became print also ing of national editions magazine. regional almost any We

for hard, thing's bleak mask. "One need. or letterheads anything you cards might business about——We certain,"said, she breathing heavprint planning, artwork. or can photography job your your your can do

ily, "if acting'll get from away me just fold bind letterpress offset or perforate, about and can we—We—I'll I that up, town where grew

is is right. style. price the thing our important us about any And and—to act!"learn

is try, proof the quality evidenced of our us a our by Give work many it,"off said, "Oh, Craig come satisfied customers.

grinning. "It wasn't a bad town at

all. I liked it."He turned to me for

the first time. "It's wonderful country,"he said. "Good rich earth. I

think I'd like to farm it."

"You may have it if you like,"she retorted, bowing to him. Her

mouth had settled into a bitter line.

"As for farming, if I never see another farm, it will be too soon.

Farming is bugs and heat and everlasting work. If the crops fail, you

starve; if they're good, you die of

TEL: 4861892 exhaustion before you get the stuff

1600 EMPIRE ROAD

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TIME has a greater meaning when you save at STATE

Through the starry night no light marks the time on the sundial's face. Yet the minutes march by in measured stride. Whether night or day, time has a greater meaning for State savers. They 4W

earn and save by day and their money continues to work as they sleep. It earns at a higher rate than it would at nearly all other

insured savings institutions. Payday is every day—every AND LOAN ASSOCIATION INSURED

oHice: 56 South Mainnight—when you save at STATE. Open an account now. You'll Home

find that time has a greater meaning.

BRANCH OFFICES: 75 South State, Clearfield, Utah King & Bishop Sts., Honololu, Hawaii 2855 E. Manoa Road, Honolulu, Hawaii 3583 Waialae Ave., Honolulu, Hawaii

Wahiawa, Oahu, Hawaii Kaneohe, Oahu, Hawaii Waipahu, Oahu, Hawaii

UBURNED OUT n REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY JEWELRY CO.

42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 A fire may mean you are out of a place to live,

SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH with tremendous added expense before you find

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER another.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance <>4Hoii:oriwo-a( to cover today's higher values.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS FIRE UTAH INSURANCE HOME COMPANYAids in treatment of simple sore General Agents, Salt Lake City HEBER J. GRANT & CO.,

throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.

of the ERA HALLS REMEDY PROTECT your copies

Salt Lake City, Utah with a SPECIAL BINDERoniy $2.50

JUNE 1966 567

harvested. On a farm you don't win

—not ever!"

PLAN YOUR VACATION NOW As suddenly as the storm descended, it ended. She smiled and

around an exciting MURDOCK TOUR began to talk about her future. "I

1. Vikingland Tour 2. LDS Temples & Lake Louise wonder what play we'll do next?"

Departs July 12th Tour - Departs July 1 she said. "Mr. Ramsey says it's

made to order for me, but he won't to express 12 spiritualrich Scandidays in United DC-8 Jet tell thing about it!"me another for States 22 days ofenchantment condiand Canada—Air for at Craig. She pouted I thought real interesting of nothing tioned bus to the beauties of Lake navia—Miss

Norway,—HighestSwedenClass accomodationsand Denmark CanadaLouise and—summerTemple inSessionsWesternin thethat Iumteenthwas no matchtime forthather,eveningbut he

at amazingly low cost. Cardston, Idaho Falls and Logan steered her expertly back into the

required) (Temple recommends crowd, close to Mr. Ramsey, who

welcomed her.

MURDOCK TRAVEL, INC. 1 4 South Main/Salt Lake City, Utah '.'Before I knew it, we were out of

Phone:3283161 the theater. With a sixth sense, I

Please send me full particulars on: * kept quiet. We talked about the

| Vikinglands Tour j LDS Temples and Lake Louise Tour play on the way home. It was so

much like our own town, our own

Name 1 people, but neither of us had been quite prepared to experience the MURDOCK Address@TRAVEL sense of the inevitable passing of

City State time. We walked the few blocks,

deep in the spell of the play. As we

reached the top of Kite Hill and the lights of our houses shone out in the night ahead of us, Craig * CUB SCOUT LEADERSHIP * BOY SCOUT LEADERSHIP stopped."Wait a minute,"he said. "I want

* EXPLORER LEADERSHIP toagainstask youthe bigsomething."old sycamoreI leanedwe

used to shinny up when we were kids. "There's a farm outside of Ifyou are a town that belongs to my grandscout leader... father—out by Karn's Mill. All my

life I've wanted to farm it someday.

think farmer's a being wife Do you in skills leadership your your community,improve youth by enrolling living this like in a small town in Credit courses. one of Study earned the above BYU Home may be and

applied toward graduation, it desired. all your life is so terrible?"

"No,"I said.

All around us the town was be-

B.Y.U. HOME ginning to fall asleep for the night.

I wildly that thought there wasn't STUDY COURSES a slick foreign car single drivein a use coupon to send for your free catalog today! way; in fact, most of the cars were

I HOME STUDY, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY secondhand. And most people

| PRVO, UTAH E-6-66 wore out one pair of good shoes Please send your Home Study Catalog to:

pair. they before a bought second

I NAME it is That's the in most small way I

ADDRESS towns, even college towns.

I CITY STATE Craig didn't say anything, but he

ZIP CODE held my hand until we came to our front door. "Meet you tomorrow,"

he said. It was a statement, not a

question. Reluctantly he released

my hand and pushed open the big COVENANT RECORDINGS ALBUMS door my greatgrandfather had inside, I stepped the PRICE hung. PEARL BOOK OF GREAT and OF MORMON

TRIPLE JESUS THE CHRIST COMBINATION I felt again me. house welcomed DOCTRINE NEWTESTAMENT AND COVENANTS

of recordings Sermons on tape and some of

L.D.S. titles leaders. of the desire growing inside me to be different our 100

religiousor sacredtype recordings. like my mother. Craig was whistGIFT ITEMS ling as he crossed the lawn, "I

Hallmark cards - Candy - Flowers - Figurines Dream of Jeannie with the Light

Religious Books and Genealogy Supplies Brown Hair,"and this time I was nearest Contact your Book or Record Store or sure he meant mel Inc. Recordings, Covenant

1470 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Ph. 4871096

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:.- j? ** The pinecovered mountains of Wyoming provide the background for this scene from "The Night of the Grizzly,"starring Clint Walker and Martha Hyer.

Best of Movies BY HOWARD PEARSON ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR, DESERET NEWS

In the continuing quest for good lioness is prepared for her return to the tect her. When the Jews of the village

motion picture entertainment, the jungle, and the relationships between are being rounded up by the Nazis for following motion pictures have themakehumansthis anandoutstandingthe animalsfamilycombinemovie.to transportationthe carpenter findsto concentrationhe can either protectcamps,

been selected as those containing the woman at the risk of his own life or

Ghost starring Mr. Chicken, The and qualities turn to considered can the her he over Nazis, thus worthwhile

is Knotts, the of story typesetter a Don setting the stage for a provocative and theand within gospel framework. for a smalltown newspaper becomes who emotionally is tense climax. in film The the bulk ofThe are films selected reporter a seeks to clue the and an old Slovakian and with German, English

those that the entire family can suicidemurder in a haunted house. subtitles. Serious moviegoers should find

enjoy. Knotts, noted for his comic quivering, is it a memorable experience, although it

only one of several character actors who would probably have little to hold the

The Agony and the Ecstasy, starring create suspense and funny situations. interest of young children.

Charlton Heston and Rex Harrison, tells the story of Michelangelo and deals parNight of the Grizzly, starring Clint The Sound of Music, which recently ticularly with the years he spent in Walker, is the story of a Utah deputy won an Academy Award as the best painting the beautiful Sistine Chapel in who homesteads in Wyoming. He is inmovie of the year (as well as a similar

Rome. The magnificent paintings and volved with human enemies as well as award from The Improvement Era and

sculpture of Michelangelo are shown duranimals in this actionpacked drama of other organizations of the Church), is ing the first twenty minutes, a feature the West. It winds up with Walker still playing in movie houses throughout

that is worth the price of admission in fighting a grizzly bear in a battle that the world, and many moviegoers are itself. Other works of the famed artist charges the emotions. seeing it for the s.econd and even the

are shown throughout the film. third time. Featuring beautiful music by

The Shop on Main Street, which won Rodgers and Hammerstein and the gloriBorn Free tells the heartwarming the Oscar as the best foreign film of the ous scenery of the Austrian Alps, the true story of a game warden and his wife year, tells a poignant story that, despite movie tells the true story of a young in Kenya who find an orphaned lioness a final tragedy, has moments of tenderwoman, Maria, who is employed as cub that they raise in their home to full ness, nobleness, humor, and pathos. The governess for the seven children of a

maturity. When it becomes necessary story takes place in the late 1900's, when widower, Baron Von Trapp, and who

for them to set the lioness free, they a Slovakian carpenter is appointed "Aryan finally captures the hearts of the children find that they must retrain her in the controller"of the button shop of an as well as their father. Julie Andrews

ways of the jungle. The beautiful African elderly Jewish widow. He soon becomes plays Maria, who becomes the Baroness

scenery and wild animals, the compasfond of the woman and, ironically, finds Von Trapp, and Christopher Plummer is sionate and fascinating story of how the himself in the pay of the Jews to proseen as the Baron.

JUNE 1966 569 Where to Eat and What to See in Salt Lake City

PARK CITY RESORT A "COOL

.. CHANGE

GOLF MELODRAMA

GONDOLA RIDE HIKING & CAMPING HORSEBACK RIDING ANTIQUE SHOPS

Fabulous new resort area in picturesque old mining town. Inns, lodges, hotels, and

motels. Bus transportation available.

ONLY THIRTY MILES FROM SALT LAKE CITY.

For Information or Reservation Write

PARK CITY CHAMBER OF COMMERCE PHONE -PARK CITY -6499117

Year after year visitors by the score compliment us by their patronage while in Salt Lake City. VALLEY MUSIC HALL PARK CITY

DOLL HOUSE HOLIDAY INN Famous for fantastic Ice Cream Creations 1518 South Main 3040 South State

VILLAGE INN TEOGRA DISTINCTIVE 1900 State 2929 South South State 5(aelKjtoV6 BRUMMEL MUSEUM BEAU WAX 9a(W 3100 Highland Drive 36 Richards Street "38 Incomparable Flavors"

BURGER CHALET SNELGROVE'S Remember, your conference visit to Salt Lake 41 East 1st South & 850 E. 21st South & is not complete until you visit Snelgrove.

818 South Main 222 E. South Temple "America's 2 finest Ice Cream Stores"

850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple

Open 10 a.m. until midnight—closed Sundays

S70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA during MIA Conference, June 17, 18, and 19,1966

CHOICE DINNERSWEDDING PARTIES

PRIVATE PARTIES THE DOLL HOUSE 1500 South on Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 4667551

Always Rewarding "Conference Rooms & Executive Suites. Heated Pool.

21 Varieties of Restaurant - Banquet Facilities. Dialamatic Phone.

the finest in Gift Shop. Barber & Beauty Salon. 200 Beautifully

Pancakes Decorated Rooms.

"Vtlknelnn. LuncheonFeaturing PANCAKE HOUSE Specials WORLD MOTOR HOTEL

and Family 1900 SOUTH STATE Dinners SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Open 6:00 a.m.—12:00 p.m. Phone for Reservations—4877801

Sun. thru Thurs.

6:00 a.m.—2:00 a.m.

Sat. and Sun. MUSIC

JUNE 6-18 8:15 p.m. nightly

Special Saturday Matinee 2: 15 p.m.

JANE POWELL inTHE UNSINKABLE MOLLY WITH ART BROWN LUND 20JULY JUNE 2 BIBLICAL AND HISTORICAL nightly 8:15 p.m.

Special Saturday WAX MUSEUM Burger Chalets Matinee 2:15 p.m.

H<we. of5morgburners Located half block south of Tem41 E. 1st South 818 S. Main ple Square—36 Richards Street,

Salt Lake City, Utah. Open daily

8:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. including

Sundays and holidays. Stirring

biblical history from HOLIDAY INN moments from the and stories Book of MorSpecialty—Authentic Mexican mon are realistically portrayed

Food in lifelike color and lifelike dimension through the wonders of Private Dining Room Available WITH ELAINE DUNN call 2953407 wax sculpture. 3040 So. State Phone 4679881

JUNE 1966 571 for A Time Priestliood

On Sunday, June 12, the restoration of the fundamental basis of priesthood, its relation to

Melchizedek Priesthood will be observed in quorums and to men who hold it.

all of the sacrament meetings of the Church. Having refreshed his memory by reading

All quorum members should arrange to attend Section 107, the Melchizedek Priesthood holder this meeting in their own wards. Special will be ready to listen to the instruction and the

effort should be made to bring the members lessons to be learned at the meeting celebratwho are infrequent attenders at sacrament ing its restoration.

meeting. In this connection it would also be well to

As a preliminary to the meeting, the holders read Section 121 of the Doctrine and Coveof the Melchizedek Priesthood would do well nants, especially the part bracketed in verses to read Section 107 of the Doctrine and 36 to 46. This applies to all responsible officers

Covenants. in the priesthood. It should be remembered

In this revelation one learns of the relationthat all fathers preside over their own homes ship between the high priests and the elders. and that these verses apply to presidents of

He learns, too, the relation between the office homes as well as to presidents of quorums. It

of high priest and that of bishop. He reads can then be readily understood that the priestthat the calling of the seventy differs from that hood was designed to be the benign, loving

of either the high priest or the elder and in what power by which we may learn the power of ways it differs. He learns of the presiding godliness; by practicing its precepts we may

quorum of the First Presidency, which quorum grow more to be like the Son of God, after presides over all of the priesthood of the whom it is named.

Church. Truly, it will be a rich experience to take

He reads of the Quorum of the Twelve part in the services in memory of the restoraApostles and of the most important power tion of the Melchizedek Priesthood and to and function of this body. remember the kindness of the Lord in bringing

He learns of the Quorum of the Seventy, it once more to the earth for our benefit, our designed to assist the Quorum of the Twelve training, and our growth in the practice of

Apostles, as that body directs. He learns the godliness.

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Scliolarship

to remember the

kindness of the Lord in bringing

it once more to

the earth

for our benefit, our training, and

our growth

ft*"*! <*. in the practice

- V U\ of godliness.

JUNE!966 573

Is Any Problem Too Big for About a year ago the statistical reports of

Home Teaching? our ward pointed to a very low percentage of church activity.

After much thought, the priesthood decided that a reevaluation of our membership records—the needs and problems

of our members—was in order.

During the month of April 1965, a concerted, unrelenting priesthood force spent many hours completing a very revealing canvass of the ward. We found members we didn't know

we had. Many others had

moved beyond the ward boundaries. The census also surveyed

the education and employment status of the members. It unveiled sick and afflicted

who had not been near the chapel for years.

The study considered the members'citizenship status, a problem unique to the nature of our Spanishspeaking ward.

Upon conclusion of the census, the priesthodd devised a plan in accordance with the church home teaching program that would capitalize on census information and maintain a continuous contact with ward members.

The Family Home Evening Manual received great emphasis. Copies were delivered to

each home with. explanations as to their use.

Home teachers often demonstrated how to set up and conduct a family home evening. The outcome has

been amazing! Sacrament

meeting attendance has increased by 20 to 40 more members. Fast and testimonial

meeting attendance has increased by an average of 45 members.

The number of tithe payers has almost doubled since December 1964. Fourteen

members attended tithing settlement for 1964. This past year 95 reported. Seminary

enrollment has tripled. During 1964, from

10 to 32 families were home taught. During

this past year, never fewer than 140 families were home taught. But most of all, our

Saints are becoming aware that they belong to an active, Godinspired Church.

San Antonio Fourth Ward members are on the threshold of a new era—thanks to the home

teaching program.

Tin* l*vusidiiMf KislutpvUts Ihufii

Melvin R. Brooks, bishop Bishop Boyd L. Stock

of the Spanishspeaking of Midland Ward,

San Antonio (Texas) Lansing (Michigan)

Fourth Ward, is a native Stake, ivas of Utah and is coordinator born in Salt Lake City, of seminaries and institutes filled a mission in Texas, Louisiana, in the Mississippi, and southern East Central States,

New Mexico. He was and has served as a

released as Spanish American Mission branch clerk and stake president last year.k YMMIA superintendent.

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One of my first opportunities as bishop was Decision to Put the Kingdom of God First to work with a family who for several years had soared up and down in their activity and spirituality. At various times over the years

they had been fairly active, but often they fell back into inactivity. It became evident that

their active periods were due to the urging of various people in the Church and came from a sense of obligation and duty. They were

doing what we (the Church) wanted them to do and not what they wanted to do. During

these times the oldest daughter fell into inactivity and finally married out of the Church, bringing more sorrow and unhappiness. At

times, problems in the family seemed almost unsurmountable. The mother was on

the verge of a nervous breakdown. Her

husband, then an adult member of the Aaronic

Priesthood, decided it was time to make a change. After fasting and prayer and

consultation, he decided to put to a test the counsel of the Lord and truly seek first his kingdom.

He gained the strength and conviction that this indeed was the Church of Jesus Christ and was the most important asset he could possess. The priesthood was called upon

to give his wife a blessing. He was advised

that the strength in his family would depend on him, that his family would look to him for an example of faith and strength. It was

a joy to witness the change in their lives.

The doubts and suspicions that they had harbored left them. The father attended

priesthood meeting, paid his tithing, and brought his family to church regularly—because

now it was what he wanted to do. He was

truly learning to love the Lord and the gospel. Shortly thereafter the family members

received their patriarchal blessings. The

father was ordained an elder, and a year ago he, his wife, and their children went to the temple and were sealed together for all eternity.

It would certainly be amiss to say that this family no longer have problems. The Lord

has never promised this. The difference is

that now they have the equipment and strength to cope with their difficulties.

As each link in this family's eternal circle is joined together, family members humbly testify of the treasures that are theirs that "neither moth nor rust can corrupt"treasures that not only they enjoy but treasures of joy and happiness that they have shared with us who know them.

The married daughter, having observed the change in her parents'lives, and through the family's fasting and prayer in her behalf, has also come back into church activity.

JUNE 1966 575 "Come, let's go and put on a clean pair of hands/ down the multiplication. This thought is frightening,

suggested a mother, as her sixyear-old son came in and we should realize that the best protection against for lunch. His rejoinder: "Mommy, you'll wash the germs is avoidance and cleanliness.

skin right off me; you are always scrubbing my Clean hands are just good sense. Wash them always

hands."Lucky little fellow he is, to have a mother before eating or preparing food. Avoid markets and

who, in an imaginative way, teaches him about restaurants that appear unclean. Even a public bar

cleanliness. of soap is a carrier of infection and should not be

We live in a world of germs that are waiting to used. One girl who returned from a trip around the

claim us for their own. What a horrid thought—world said, "There just can t be anything to the germ

but it is true. Carelessness, ignorance, hot weather, theory: millions of people are living in filth."There

and germs combine to bring disaster. This modern is, of course, a buildup of immunity against certain

age offers many safeguards. The government helps germs, and that is the saving factor. The best safepolice food on national, state, and local levels. And guards for anyone are clean hands and clean food.

laws help insure safety for the individual up to the Germs can be washed away with soap and water.

kitchen door, but from there on we are on our own. A mother has the opportunity to teach the Golden

There can be many a slip from doorstep to dinner Rule in an unusual manner. She should do everytable. The mother is the police force in her home. thing to food that she would want done to the food

She should teach her family that hands should be she is to eat. Would you want to eat food coming

clean not just for beauty but also for health. from a pan in which a tastingspoon had been dipped

It is not easy to kill germs. Some bacteria take up without the benefit of being washed between dips?

to thirty minutes of boiling to kill, and some viruses Would you want to be served food prepared by uncan survive even after two hours of boiling. On the washed hands? Would you want sneezes and coughs

other extreme, home foodfreezer temperatures are mixed in your soup? Of course not; neither would

not low enough to kill bacteria; all they do is slow the other person.

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK

EDITOR it *:li:asmxi:ss

'i'i: 'All fresh vegetables and fruits brought into the should be used before the table is set and the food kitchen from the market should be washed before brought outdoors.

they are stored away in the refrigerator or on the To keep foods palatable, temperature insurance is shelf. Perishable foods, including eggs and milk found in boiling, refrigerating, and freezing. Never

products, should be refrigerated immediately. Foods keep a food lukewarm. If food is not to be eaten

placed in the refrigerator should be kept covered so immediately after cooking, chill it quickly by placing flavors will stay fresh, and the moisture will be the bowl in ice water; then put it covered in the

retained in the food. Cantaloupes, cut onions, green refrigerator. Meat, poultry, fish, gravies, creamed

peppers, and other strongflavored foods can be placed desserts, and eggcustard dishes are most susceptible in tightly sealed plastic bags in the refrigerator so to quick bacteria growth when left out of the their aromas will not penetrate other foods. Grains refrigerator.

such as rice, cornmeal, cracked wheat, and macaroni At reunions or other large gatherings, extra preproducts are best stored in tightly covered glass jars cautions should be taken because of lack of refrigerator in order to discourage weevil growth. facilities. Always apply the rule, "Keep all foods either

Flies and other insects have been eliminated from boiling or refrigerated."

many homes, and this could be true in every home, In many parts of the world, June holds the day with tight screen doors and windows, a discriminate on which summer begins. So a reminder as hot

use of sprays, and determination on the part of every weather approaches: Treat food with respect. Cleanlifamily member to wage a battle against germs. Flies, ness is an allyear necessity, but its need is greatest

other insects, and rodents are diseasecarriers and in summer. Clean hands, clean foodhandling habits,

must not be around food. Great care must be taken meticulous care in cooking and storing foods should

when using insecticides and other sprays around food. be stressed in every home. Mother, the responsibility

Never spray around uncovered food. When the famrests with you. A "home, sweet home"is a "home,

ily moves out to the patio for dinner, an insect spray clean home."

.hist <;ooii si:xsi

JUKE 1966 577 POTPOURRI OF GOOD until cheese melts; stir often. Blend

RECIPES FOR SUMMER this sauce with the macaroni and pour into a buttered 3- or 4-quart

In hot weather it is sometimes casserole. Sprinkle crumbs and the

difficult to make decisions conremaining cheese on top. Bake in

cerning the foods we should pre- a - 350degree F. oven until nicely

pare for our families so that they browned and bubbling—about 30

will enjoy eating. Perhaps it would minutes.

help us make our decisions if we were to check delightful recipes Barbecued Canadian Bacon from all sources. Let us not cook Whole Canadian bacon

in the summer the same things that 1 can condensed onion soup we cooked all winter. Ruts are not V2 cup ketchup

made for summer eating. Here are V2 cup salad oil

a few good recipes that will lift 1 clove garlic, minced appetites and spirits on any hot xk teaspoon Tabasco sauce day. Each recipe has been careV4 teaspoon salt

fully worked out and tested, so if Vs teaspoon pepper you meticulously follow the direcCombine all ingredients except the tions you should be happy with the bacon. Cover and simmer 10 minresults. utes; stir often. Place the whole

Canadian bacon in a shallow pan.

Individual Ham Loaves with Pour the sauce over the meat. Bake

Pineapple at 325 degrees F. for 1 hour. Spoon

1 pound ham, ground fine sauce over the meat. This is also

V2 pound ground beef a good sauce to use over meat "Where the World Vz pound ground pork loaf.

2 eggs, beaten For a special luncheon or for supRegisters"1 cup milk per on the patio try this tasty 1 cup soft bread crumbs salmon mold. It is good served

Your next trip to Denver—the 2 tablespoons brown sugar with a fresh fruit salad and blueclimate capital of America—% teaspoon ground cloves berry muffins.

will be most memorable when Dash of pepper you stay at the Brown Palace. 1 tablespoon melted butter Dilled Salmon Mold (serves 8)

600 air conditioned rooms 1 cup crushed corn flakes 2 cans (1 pound each) salmon suites and executive rooms 1 can (1 pound) pineapple Vz cup lemon juice 1 dairy sour cream cup chunks, drained 1 cheese, shredded cup Cheddar five famous restaurants Let the bread crumbs soak in the complete convention beaten eggs and the milk until soft. 2 tablespoons grated onion

accommodations Add the seasonings, brown sugar, 1 teaspoon salt and ground meats. Mix lightly. % teaspoon dill weed

To expedite your reply, write Dept. IE Form into individual loaves and 2 tablespoons (2 envelopes) unroll each in the buttered corn favored gelatin

flakes. Bake at 325 degrees F. for V2 cup water

KARL W. MEHLMANN, General Manager about 45 minutes. Serve hot, 2 tablespoons cider vinegar

Represented by: garnished with the pineapple 2 tablespoons pimiento cut into

MEMBER ROBERT F. WARNER chunks. small pieces

York City New W. FAWCETT These ham loaves are delicious 1 cup whipping cream, whipped GLENN

Los Angeles served with noodles almondine, asparagus, and a freshfruit salad. Drain the salmon; remove theV bones and skin; flake with a fork.

June Casserole (serves 8) Place the salmon in a large mixing 1 cup ground cooked ham bowl and add the lemon juice. Fold

;:: i:.- 'V V2 cup chopped onion in the sour cream, cheese, onion,

2 tablespoons butter salt, and dill weed. In a small

-.4 1 v 2 cans condensed cream of mushsaucepan soften the gelatin in the

room soup water and vinegar. Heat over low

"WE BELIEVE"21 cupcups milksharp Cheddar cheese, heat,tin is stirringdissolved.constantlyGraduallyuntil gelastir

BRACELET shredded gelatin mixture into the salmon indelibly of Faith stamped 13 Articles The in the pimiento mixture. Fold and macaroni on 4 cups cooked

ideal gift goldplated attractive the just cream until combuttered store. the whipped 4 tablespoons bread local LDS at your scrolls.bookAn available

Cost?7.50—or order direct from crumbs bined. Turn into a 6-cup mold.

SERVICE GREETING CARD COMPANY Lightly brown the ham and onion Refrigerate until firm. Unmold onto

South Durfee 4937 Avenue Pico Rivera, California 90661 in butter. Stir in the soup, milk, serving platter and garnish with

and P/2 cups of the cheese. Heat lemon and parsley.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Flapjack Biscuits ( quick & easy 3 cups biscuit mix Va cup grated American cheese 1 cup milk Vi teaspoon cayenne pepper Vegetable oil

Combine the biscuit mix, cheese, and pepper. Stir in the milk, and

mix to soft dough. Beat about 20

strokes. Heat about Vsinch of oil

in skillet and drop the dough in rounded tablespoons and flatten with fork. Cook on medium heat

until brown on one side; turn and

brown on other. Do not fry too

quickly. These biscuits are good

for lunch with creamed corn and sliced tomatoes. HOME, SWEET HOME

Orange Sherbet (serves 6 to 8) "Let me take Dad's place toIV2 cups orange juice night."These words were spoken

1 tablespoon lemon juice by a sixyear-old boy on family % cup sugar night. The father was out of town,

V2 cup water and Thursday night was the time

Grated rind of one orange and one set aside each week for family lemon night. As the mother gathered the

Vs teaspoon salt children together, she wondered if

Vz cup whipping cream, whipped she would be able to hold their Looking for a mealtime

V2 teaspoon vanilla interest as did their father with his 2 egg whites, whipped stiff clever chalk illustrations. So when drink without stimulants?

Boil tne sugar, water, and rind for the oldest child volunteered to take 10 minutes. Cool and add the his father's place, she was pleased

juices. Freeze in refrigerator tray. and very interested in the results. Enjoy

Remove from tray into cold mixing As the lesson progressed, the boy, bowl and whip until light. Fold in his childish way, illustrated the

in the stiffly beaten egg whites, lesson. A boy and a girl were

salt, vanilla, and the whipped drawn; soon a schoolhouse apcream. Return to tray and allow peared. Next, two clouds wereto finish freezing without further drawn over the schoolhouse. Then POSTUM

stirring. he proceeded to draw an object on It's 100% caffeinfree.

each cloud.

Summer and potato salad go to- A younger sister asked what he gether and seem to make the seawas doing now, and he said, son complete. Do you remember "Haven't you been listening to

the oldfashioned boiled salad Mother? She said that we were to

dressing mother used to make? do what Heavenly Father wants us -.Instant*

Potato salad is at its best with this to do and not do the bad things dressing. Satan would like us to do. So you POSTUM

see, I put them up there watching

Boiled Salad Dressing us, and every day I'm going to 2 tablespoons flour please Heavenly Father."He had

2 teaspoons sugar the object of the lesson pinned

V2 teaspoon salt down to his own experience.

'/s teaspoon dry mustard Perhaps a few chalk figures 1 cup milk would help bring each lesson into 2 eggs focus, especially if the children arc What's in it then? Just toasted grains

V2 cup vinegar threeto sixyears old. A person and other purefood ingredients.

V2 cup water does not need to be an artist to do What'sittaste like? Likenothingelse

the on this. together; lines made few dry ingredients theMix A shelf. on Slowroasted your grocer's will are said as words chalkboard slightly beaten; the add eggsadd to flavor perfection in brick ovens, are buildings trick. milk School vinegar, water,the and do the

gradually. Cook until it thickens big in children's lives, as are trees, Postum has a flavor all its

over medium heat. Stir throughdogs, flowers, birds, and bicycles. own.

out the cooking. Cool and add a Chalk is an attentiongetter and a Good at mealtime or

little whipped cream. pointclincher.—FBP anytime. Or when you

FOODS have friends in. Why not GENERALKITCHENS

find outforyourself soon?

Postum is a registered trademark ot General Foods Corp.

JUNE 1966 579..

Statement on Communism

(Continued from page 477) Even the best of them must be considered our worst enemies. Christian love is an obstacle to

the development of the revolution. Down with love for one's

neighbor. What we want is hate. Only then shall we conquer

the universe."

On the other hand, the gospel teaches the existence of God as our Eternal and Heavenly Father and declares: "... him only

shalt thou serve."(Matt. 4:10.)

Communism debases the individual and makes him the enslaved tool of the state, to which he must look for sustenance and religion. Communism destroys man's Godgiven free agency.

No member of this Church can be true to his faith, nor can any American be loyal to his trust, while lending aid, encouragement, or sympathy to any of these false philosophies; for if he

does, they will prove snares to his feet.

Prices are LOW in Idaho

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple

designs in white and latest parchments.

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other accessories. One day rush order service.

THE I LIKE GOOD PEOPLE"SPOKEN NOW

WORD 3

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Name RICHARD L. EVANS

. Address

City, Zone. State Among our many choices are choices of people for certain purposes—

for friendship, for talents, for business or professional ability, for qualities of character. There are some whose services we never see and some whose

impact is very personal, but virtually all persons have some qualities

BLACK & WHITE and abilities that make some contribution to the total. We do much

for each other. We enrich life for each other. We owe each other much.

all also for Virtually cause of companionship. problems each other. We I lklll# 8 exposure rollFILMS Even if for little else, we owe something to each other for the privilege at times disappoint us disappoint ourselves). people (and But we even DEVELOPED & PRINTED despite faults and imperfections, all of us need each other. For good or

IN JUMBO SIZE ill, for better or worse, constructively or otherwise, we all play our part.

1 2 exposures 504 * 20 exposures $1.00 And in all this give and take, this appreciation and disappointment, in

36 exposures $1.50 all this variability, what do we look for? What can we count on? What

qualities selecting? searching the lasting are in our and A partial answer

significant: that exceedingly S. B. Freehof "Years seems COLOR FILM is suggested by

ago I preferred clever people,"he said. "There was a joy in beholding DEVELOPING... a mind... bearing thoughts quickly translated into words, or

ideas expressed in a new way. I find now that my taste has changed. 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per

Dev. and Printing $2.55 roll Verbal fireworks often bore me. They seem motivated by selfassertion

12Exposure Roll. per and selfdisplay. I now prefer another type of person: one who is

Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro || considerate, understanding of others, careful not to break down another

Color Reprints 204 each person's selfrespect.... My preferred person today is one who is always

others, or their of fear of the pain needs unhappiness, and and selfrespect. for 135 mm liked clever people. search once... I COLORColor Slides SLIDES per andawaretheir Now

1 roll.. exp., Dev. 20 Mount and.35.$1 is richer greatness,"I like people."said than "Goodness good Edwin

Slides 135 Color per mm "[It] in consists the things in do, not Chapin. outward Hubbell but we. roll. exp., Dev. 36 and Mount. $2.40

2 It is clever, are."thing the Color to be good inward to be to be talented, Movie per we

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll entertaining, but what is not good is not great—not even desirable—and

certainly not safe. "Nothing can make a man truly great but being truly

.. "3 "Now I like good people."1GENEALOGY PHOTOS good.

of NEGATIVES OLD MADE copyright Freehof, Bennett "Clever People,"1966 by PostScript. Solomon each. 604 PRINTS PHOTOS, clergyman. Unitarian American Hubbell Chapin (181480), 2Edwin

of NEGATIVE, 54 each "Matthew Henry (16621714), English divine.

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

MoneyBack Guarantee Broadcasting System March 27, 1966. Copyright 1966.

SAM'S PHOTO LAB P.O. Box 1115 Dept AA Salt Lake City, Utah

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

MISSIONARIES... Here's a Sensational Camera Value That Saves You $42.50!

YASHICA LYNX14 35mm CAMERA WITH CASE

This famousmake camera has a new critically - sharp superspeed fl.4 lens. So fast it almost literally

"sees"in the dark. It lets you take pictures in

light you never thought possible before. Brilliant,

colorful, razorsharp slides and crackling black & white prints. Has pushbutton CdS exposure control.

Fast 1 /500th shutter. We're proud to recommend it!

Regular $122.45

YOUR PRICE.. $7995

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1.25 Week

Please send me the Yashica Lynx14 with deluxe leather case for only $79.95... on easy terms.

NAME WIFE'S NAME

ADDRESS

CITY & STATE EMPLOYED BY Salt LakeOgden:City:2443273WashingtonS. Main Blvd.155 S. MainProvo: 161 2190W. CenterHighlandSt. Dr.

CREDIT REFERENCE. Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

Your kitchen stays cleaner when you When you can't see her laughing face, her voice can COOK tickle you. pink with ELECTRIC a Long Distance call.

Go ahead. thanNothinga kilowatt—nois cleaner

Call now. products of combusMountain States Telephone

See the smart new electric range models at your dealer's now.

!j PROTECT your copies of the ERA If it's electric, it's better!

$2.50 \ UTAH POWER I LIGHT COMPANYJ with a SPECIAL BINDERomy

JUNE 1966 581 Special! Session /tess

SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBL.EY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

ramuses, charlatans, or pseudo

Continuing his discussion on findscholars, but only theories which ings that relate to the Book of may be more or less easily refuted. Mormon, the author challenges

One does not have to be an expert men of thought—both in the

to enter into the discussion, but the

Church and out—to put the Book

discussion itself will readily enough of Mormon to the test by applying make clear who is equipped and the new attitudes and methods how well and in what fields—deof contemporary philosophers of

grees, honors, titles, credentials, science. and emoluments have nothing to

In the last issue we discussed do with the case; they are but the

the Alaskan land bridge theory, forlorn trappings of an authorigeological time tables, and K. R. tarianism that we have often been

Popper's challenge of the authoritold has no place in true research.

tarianism of science in which he The only pseudo scholarship is that 3-way sash noted that "observation and experiwhich claims authority and finality easy sleeves ment cannot establish anything and so refuses to enter into the fits all arms

neckline finally..."but only help us elimidiscussion. The new approach does mobile

generous pockets nate the weaker theories. away with such exquisite snobbery

wide hems

allfits figures Popper s final word is a warning as the classic phrase, "the right to against taking refuge in status and an opinion."Anybody has a right

prestige; we must, says he, "avoid to an opinion, with the understandlike the plague the appearance of ing, of course, that his opinion will

in appropriate its new. dimensionProfoundly classic possessing knowledge which is too be subjected to unsparing criticism. thisof longawaited elegant simplicity,

is expressly designed with unique refinements deep to be clearly and simply exWe can illustrate how the method beauty. lasting Gracefully proportionedand pressed."Or, in the words of David of "problems—theories—criticism"

lines into fall quickly a long atplace with tractively stitched front zipper. Superbly deStarr Jordan, "Authority? There is works by taking the case of Hertailed finished and

dripdry, sparkling white.... Wrinkleresistant,Long or midcalf no authority!"mounts in the Book of Mormon. It

lengths. P, S, M, L. Such an approach would alleviis admittedly remarkably close in

Please Send: to tension, ate a form deal of the the and good Egyptian meaning

Petite Small Q MediumD D rivalry, Hermonthis. that the therewith and misunderstanding But Full Calf Length $14.98Mid

tax Gplus Length Qplus$16.98Largetax

is research have always not solved only problem accompanied butLE VOY'S, 251 1 South West Temple into the scriptures. Since there are introduced. The resemblance beSalt Lake City, Utah 84115 no true authorities, there are no tween the two words has to be

Name false ones; there are no ignoexplained, and so we invent a

Address

City State

Send check or money order. Postage prepaid

Utah residents add sales tax.

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JL theory, namely, that Joseph Smith must have had access to authentic ancient sources. That settles nothing, however, since (to quote Popper

again) "the number of competing theories is always infinite,"and we can think offhand of a dozen different theories to explain the Hermounts phenomenon. And so we

come to the discussion, which will settle the which questionnever but /*$Mj*J5 *V>\,w**< '*''* t i w v * of to the discovery lead muchmay.';-.* *, t? |4"IV

new and relevant information.

Where, then, does certitude lie?

That is another issue that has come in for a good deal of discussion recently, and the growing consensus Is your church any place to skimp is a surprising one: Certitude lies on carpet quality?

only in inspiration, in that insight colors it adaptGropoint's specify 19 architects the say make for And who defies "No!"last analysis in thewhich

to able the stately of any decor. so new many Mormon 126 investianalysis. so, routine Even carpet, they buildings. church Good is of Gropoint But just one many

gation is not a waste of time, for in point out, absorbs sound, saves on mainBigelows whose quality befits Mormon the process of dealing with materitenance costs. And, of course, improves church buildings. There are others, inappearance. building, styles public cluding for every in convictions buildals, certain up

or customBigelow every has home. can surprisingly, Bigelow Gropoint Not testithat, like a individualthe carpet. create the perfect We've done gets the nod. (above)

mony of the gospel, are nontransit since 1825.

Longwearing Gropoint's allwool loop that compriseferable & CARPETS SINCE IS2S but the pile softens noise to a hushed quiet. BigelowJ RUGS fruits gratifying tangible andmost

of study.

The Book of Mormon has always been a puzzle to the world. It is a Turk Evans

problem and a challenge, but inas such, treatedstead of being it Discovers the as a final takenhas been always proof on the one hand that Joseph

Smith was an imposter and on the pinging other that he was an inspired prophet. With that deadlock we

would leave it were it not that the World book itself irresistibly invites testdegrees,"has "Testabilitying.

acof the "a theory and to Popper,cording which asserts more, and thus takes greater risks, is better testable than Yamaha a theory which asserts very little."

Where can one find a bolder assertion than Joseph Smith's claims for Twin Jet 100 the Book of Mormon, or a greater willingness than he displayed to be tested by all the tests the ingenuity of man can devise? Turk Evans, a longtime Yamaha fan tells of his impression of the allnew Yamaha Twin

(To be continued) Jet 100. "It's Yamaha all the way, with safety awardwinning brakes and oil injection

Its design plus winning premixing. prize eliminate to

FOOTNOTE in ridden a class plicity of by itself- 1 have put it operation of discussion interesting an For CORPORATION simYAMAHAINTERNATIONAL I'll! riding, all safe take for troublefree Yamaha."them And the Scientific "Isthis, P. B. Medawar,

SINCE 1887 in Journal Human of Fraudulent?"Paper Take a tip from Turk Evans and buy the Twin Jet 100. It's reprintedRelations, pp. 1-6; 13 (1965),

from Saturday Review, Aug. 1, 1964. the first twincylinder sportcycle of its size ever to hit the

road. If you can ride a bicycle, you can ride a Yamaha. The

low price of only $409* makes it easy to own. A dozen great

models make Yamaha the topselling 2-stroke in the U.S. i os Angeles, California 90054

JUNE 1966 583 The Church Moves On Young University station. During KBYUTV. Conducted tours of the

this session General President LaPrimary Children's Hospital occu- (Continued from page 468) Vern W. Parmley was honored for pied the late afternoon.

Church membership as of Deher 25 years of service to the Pri- A special meeting on home cember 31, 1965, was announced as mary general board. Primary deteaching convened this evening in

1,977,418 in the stakes and 418,514 partmental sessions began shortly the Tabernacle.

in the missions, for a total of after noon, followed by a reception 2,395,932. this evening. An early morning church welfare meeting was held in the

The annual conference of the Departmental sessions of the Assembly Hall.

Primary Association opened Primary conference continued General sessions of the conferthis morning with a general session this morning. The concluding genence, in recess since the afternoon

in the Tabernacle, telecast live by eral session was held this afternoon of April 6, reconvened in the TabKBYU-TV, channel 11, Brigham in the Tabernacle, telecast by ernacle at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.

An estimated 85,000 holders of the priesthood assembled for the priesthood session in the Tabernacle and the adjoining Assembly

Hall. It was sent by direct tele-

i phone wire to 478 other locations in THE SPOKEN THIS SAME JESUS the United States and Canada.

WORD i It was announced that Frank H.

Brown, associate director of the missionary home, has been apRICHARD L. EVANS pointed secretary to the stake missionary committee of the church

In the insight and inspiration that God has given, a Scottish poet wrote: missionary department. He suc-

"The holy spirit of the Spring is working silently."1 And Tennyson and ceeds James M. Paramore.

Goethe

..new. added:"2 "So then"Oncethemoreyear theis repeatingHeavenlyits Powerold storymakesagain.allWethingsare? The 136th annual general

come once more, thank God! to its most charming chapter.... It always Ji conference of the Church

makes a pleasant impression on us, when we open again at these pages concluded on this Easter Sunday.

of the book of life."3 The book of life—a theme of exceeding significance, In all, some 175 television and

since some nineteen centuries ago Jesus the Christ walked among men, many radio stations broadcast parts and proclaimed the eternal precepts of everlasting life. His coming was of the conference. Shortwave

foretold by prophets whose words are witnessed in the written record. facilities beamed the conference

His ministry, his message, his miracles were witnessed by a multitude messages in several languages to of men—as also was the reality of his resurrection, as he appeared to his many parts of the world.

apostles and to many others, "being seen of them forty days, and speaking This evening the semiannual of the things pertaining to the kingdom.... And when he had spoken conference of the Deseret Sunday

these things, while they beheld, he was taken up; and a cloud received School Union convened in the

him out of their sight. And while they looked stedfastly toward heaven Tabernacle and was telecast by

as he went up, behold, two men stood by them in white apparel; Which KBYUTV. The theme was on

also said, Ye men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing...? this same Jesus, reverence.

shall into in heaven, is taken from like manner so come youwhich up

.. literal divinity, reality go. the "4 His seen himas ye have of his The First Presidency issued a

resurrection, and his coming again on earth are the very foundation of statement urging members to

Christian faith and the assurance unto all men of everlasting life. And be "as liberal as their means may

this day we would witness of the certainty of such assurance—the assurpermit"in supporting the Ameriance that personality is perpetuated, and truth and intelligence, and that, can Cancer Society's April fundfor all of us, everlasting life with our loved ones is the very essence and raising campaign.

intent of heaven and the hereafter—the prime motive of our Father's

plan and purpose, a purpose that includes renewal of association with those loved ones we so much miss—or who will one day leave—as we The Rarotonga Mission was

ourselves shall. "The holy spirit of the Spring is working silently."discontinued and became a

"... we open again at these pages of the book of life.""Once more district of the New Zealand Mission.

the Heavenly Power makes all things new...."To all of this we The First Presidency anin the witness, as words with wonderful and our of Job, addwould of appointments nounced the 5.. "liveth. that ofconviction our own: "I know my redeemer C. Larsen, former Dr. LeGrande

president of Teton (Wyoming) George Macdonald, Song of Spring Days.

2Tennyson, Early Spring. Stake, to the priesthood genealog3Goethe. 1:3, 9-11. ical committee, and R. Raymond*Acts

5Job 19:25. Barnes, former president of Denver

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia West (Colorado) Stake, to the

Broadcasting System April 10, 1966. Copyright 1966. priesthood missionary committee.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor June 1966

Carolyn Richards. Barbara Werretl, Craig Karren, Martha HarNs, Doug Nichols

WHEN SHAKESPEARE SPOKE of "an outward honour for an inward toil,"he coined a phrase that applies to the winners of this year's

Era of Youth Writing Contest.

They had toiled.

But so had the hundreds of other contestants who sent their entries from all over the world.

And they were impressive.

Essays, short stories, poetry, and articles were entered by bright young lovers of the literary forms. They had put language to its

best purpose with their best skill. The result was most satisfying

and promises a generation of writers in the Church to rival the finest ancestral efforts.

The entries were judged by staff members of Brigham Young University, Ricks College, Church College of Hawaii, and The Improvement Era, to whom we owe a great deal of appreciation.

Some interesting facts about the contest 1. Postmarked entries came from China,

Germany, England, Scotland, Hawaii, Samoa, Australia,

Canada, Mexico, all over continental United States.

2. Some people can follow instructions and

some can't when submitting their contest entries.

3. Some take special pains with their manuscript. Some don't.

4. Some young thinkers

have an excitingly creative approach.

Some are refreshingly simple.

In this issue you will read some of the chosen (and some of the other choice) entries.

Watch for additional selections in other issues, including some of the top winners that we are reserving for future publication.

The Editors

* ** v.

586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "These were honored in their generations, and were the glory of the times."

(Ecclesiasticus 44:7.)

BRIGHAM YOUNG CASH AWARDS

UNIVERSITY SCHOLARSHIPS DIANNE MARIE WHITELOCK

MICHAEL TERRY HURST Salt Lake City, Utah

Blanding, Utah ROGER PAXTON Laie, Oahu, Hawaii GEORGE G. KING

Spanish Fork, Utah CAROLYN R. GAST

Belmont, California PAULA S. ANDERSON DENNIS BERRETT

Lahaina, Maui, Hawaii Ogden, Utah

MARILYN RiANNE MILLER DON W. JENKINS

Colton, California Heber City, Utah

JILLIAN IRENE WHITE SHEILA MOAR Australia, Australia South Midlothian, Scotland Woomera, Newtongrange,

LYN HEPBURN CATHERINE DURRANT Dundee, Angus, Scotland

Provo, Utah ROBERT ALAN MYERS BARBARA BADGER Middletown, New York

Salt Lake City, Utah RAE ALISON WILLIAMS

JUDY LINDSAY Avondale, Auckland, New Zealand

Erie, Pennsylvania CINDY LAWRENCE

San Diego, California RICKS COLLEGE DAVIDLethbridge,A. PALMERAlberta, Canada

SCHOLARSHIPS SHERON F. LUTHI ERA SUBSCRIPTIONS

Freedom, Wyoming MAR JEAN JOHNSON LOUISE LARSEN Rexburg, Idaho Randolph, Utah GORDON WILSON ROMNEY

ARLENE ANDERSON Salt Lake City, Utah

LaGrande, Oregon MARY DAYLEY RHONDA LEE NANNEY Bountiful, Utah

St. Anthony, Idaho SANDRA DAVIS

Portland, Oregon WALTHER GRANT BRAND KATHLEEN CARTER Alaska Anchorage,

Provo, Utah CRAIG L. MARSHALL

CHURCH COLLEGE OF Middlesbrough, Yorkshire, England

HAWAII SCHOLARSHIPS CAROL ANNE SCHUSTER

Plainfield, New Jersey MILTON TUIA

Pago Pago, American Samoa STEPHEN 0. ANDERSEN

Logan, Utah VERONICA J. PATNAUDE

Hilo, Hawaii MARGARET ELENA SWAPP

Granger, Utah SEFO MALUIA LIN BOTHWELL Pago Pago, American Samoa Provo, Utah

BEVERLY ANN EISER STAN GREENHALGH

Toowoomba, Queensland, Australia Logan, Utah

HEIKO H. H. HEESE KALENE FAYE MILLS

Hamburg, Germany Idaho Falls, Idaho

"IF MY SON does not work today, he leaves the let him see if he'll sleep on Sunday then. I don't

house."That was that. Ezra continued eating need him. I could run this farm with my own two

breakfast. hands 20 years ago and I'll do it now. Don't need

His wife knew it was useless to battle. She no softcheeked, lazy boy to help me. You tell

busied herself about the kitchen and looked away him that."

from him as she said, "He says he can't work "You tell him, Ezra,"Martha said.

today because of his religion. It is the Sabbath, She knew that Ezra did need the boy. Ezra

Ezra."could handle the farm alone years ago, but now

"I've got the same religion he has,"Ezra spoke he was getting old. He needed Samuel, the gentle

loudly. He was not used to speaking quietly, and one. He needed him badly, and it hurt his pride.

he was not used to being defied. "The hay has to Ezra had finished his breakfast. He started to

be hauled now, today. The crops come first."leave. "Where is the boy?"he asked.

His wife kept her face from him. Her words "He's doing chores,"Martha answered. She

were soft but firm. "He says God comes first. He cleared Ezra's dishes from the table.

will not work on the Sabbath.""Doing chores? Doesn't he call that work?

"'God comes first/ he says!"Ezra exploded. Who is he to say what's work and what is not?"

He pounded his fist on the table till his tin break- "He's trying to help you, Ezra, but he's got to fast plate clinked against the oilcloth. "God comes do what he feels is right. He's like you in that

first! Does not God come first with me?"Ezra's way,"Martha said.

wife did not answer that question. They both "Well, I don't need him. I'm going to the field

knew that God did not. "I worship God, but I got alone. If he doesn't come to the field, tell him to

hay to get in and corn to harvest, and if I don't get out. If I have to run him out myself, I will.

get my crops off the field, God may freeze me Tell him to get out."Ezra started for the kitchen

out before I can. I haven't got a day to waste."door. "Sam says the hay's baled,"Ezra's wife said Martha turned to her husband. "Ezra—"she

softly, "and that it can lay in the field till the said, but he was gone. She could make out his

corn is in."stocky figure stomping down the lane toward his

"Sam says!"Ezra sneered. "Sam is not the pickup truck.

farmer. Well, the sky is black with clouds, and Ezra was a hard man, but he was a strong one,

the weather report says that it may drop rain a man in whom she had found much to love.

to soak the hay this afternoon, and then what Later on she heard Samuel come in and go will Sam do?"upstairs. She knew he was dressing for church,

Martha did not care to fight with her husband. but she did not try to stop him. She waited in

She let the silence, which seemed to be filling the kitchen.

the house of late, answer the question. He came down before long in the black suit she

"Lazy,"Ezra murmured as he ate, "that's what had made over for him. His face was scrubbed

the boy is, lazy. Isn't he?"white and his hair was combed tight to his head.

"If you say so, Ezra."Martha walked across "I'm going to church,"he said.

son. He seemed so young and sensiyoungest—"herthe kitchen. Samuelboy"—butwasn'the waslazy.doingHe thewassamethe looked"Yourat fatherher hasn't changed his mind."She

work that his three older brothers did together on tive, and yet she knew him to be iron strong.

the farm before him. Ezra never could understand Sam looked away. "I'm leaving this afternoon,"

why a boy who liked to stay home and read inhe said.

stead of going out to hunt, a soft boy like Samuel, "Son—"

could do the work of three men. "I've got my clothes packed. I'll pick them up

"He's lazy, and he's using the Lord's Sabbath after meeting."

to get out of honest labor. Well, I'll not have him She looked at her boy but did not speak. He

hanging around. He can earn his own living, and had been her boy for so many years. Now, with

(Continued on next page) od comes TOP AWARD "He's lazy, and he's using the

Lord's Sabbath to get out of honest labor."first

By George G. King

, JUNE 16G, *, i*. % *... # 1 ''f 5-8 9

(Continued from preceding page) his three older brothers gone, he had to be his Hail had blinded his vision, pain had warped father's man. And he couldn't do it. his aim, and he threw the bale with all his force

"I've got to follow God,"the boy said. "It's into the center of the pile. The pile fell, a lump

the right thing."of dull green enemies toppling on him in the sleet,

She reached out her hand and pushed back his catching his legs beneath its weight.

hair. He stood still. "You're growing up,"she said "Oh!"he screamed. "Oh, help me! help me!"

softly. Her hands began to shake. She clasped His words were lost in the hail, the thunder, and

them together. He reached down and held them the wrath of the storm.

firmly. Shortly after the storm Samuel came from the

"I'll write,"he said. Then he too was out the church on his bicycle. The warmth of the meeting

kitchen door and gone. had changed his spirit.

She wanted to call to him, but he moved away Friends had agreed to come in the early morntoo fast. She just sat in the kitchen and felt the ing to help him move the hay, and he hoped thissilence of the house.

news would melt the anger of his father. Ezra whipped the truck over the dirt roads, as

he had whipped horses over the same ruts years As he rode by the hay field, he remembered before. He put the fury of his heart into the that his father was working alone. He could see

speed with which he drove. the blue of the truck deep in the field but could

Then he tore himself from the truck and began not make it out clearly. Something about the

throwing the bales over the pickup's high sides. silence of the field urged him to enter it.

Each bale was to him an enemy, like the silent So it was that Samuel discovered his father, son that he needed but could not understand. The white, unconscious, caught beneath the pile of

sky was an enemy filled with dark clouds, clouds hay.

that carried lightning within them. Now and then Someone from a neighboring farmhouse phoned

the clouds would add their thundering rumbles to Martha to tell her that her husband was being

Ezra's cursing. brought home, injured. But she was not prepared

For Ezra cursed aloud. He cursed the bales that for the ambulance, the stretcher, or the stiff way

left him puffing. He cursed the baling wire that Ezra lay upon it as they carried him up the walk.

tore his hands and left them raw and bleeding. It seemed even more strange to see Samuel

He cursed the bale that slid from the side of the walking beside him, guiding the men who carried truck and left him bruised on the leg and foot. him home.

But most of all he cursed the son who would not Anger had sent these two men from her door help him and who said that he, the boy's own on separate paths; accident, and prayer, had

father, did not put God first. returned them together.

"Put God first!"he yelled into the thunder. "Father wanted to be brought home,"Sam said

"And where has God put me? He gave me a son quietly when they met on the porch. "We'll move

who won't work. He lets my crops parch in the the hay tomorrow. I'll take care of the farm."

summer, floods them in the spring, and freezes Even in the noise of the crowd she noted that he them in the fall. He sends me alone to this field said "Father."The cool control of her son reto do the work of three men and a boy. Well, assured her. The farm would be well taken care of.

I'll do it. Because the doctor had given Ezra drugs to

"Leave me alone, God. Leave me alone, son,"relieve the pain, he did not regain consciousness

he shouted. "I'll do it."for some time. When he did, he seemed quiet,

But he could not do it. Each bale he lifted tore subdued, and more at peace.

the air from him and left him gasping. Sweat Martha was sitting beside the bed. He reached

drenched his shirt and caused him to flush. He for her hand, and she placed it in his.

puffed, gasped, spit, and cursed the thunder, the "Samuel's going to do the hay,"was the first air, and his son, as he threw bales on the truck thing he said. "Some people from the church are

in a clumsy heap until it began to tilt toward going to help him. Did he tell you?"

him. Martha smiled. "He told me,"she said, and her

It began to storm. Hard, cold halfrain and voice was soft with love.

halfsleet beat upon his face and made him shut "Do you know what he said, Martha?"Ezra

his eyes and cover them with his hand because drew breath. It was hard for him to talk. "He

they stung. He couldn't see the bales; he stumbled said, Tut God first, and he'll put you first, too.'

and could not find the truck. But fury had so He's a smart boy, Martha, a good boy."

filled him that he would not stop. "Hit me, hail,"Martha rejoiced in hearing her husband say the

he yelled. "I'll do it alone. I'll do it."Half stumthing she had known all along. He didn't call Sam

bling, half falling, he lunged a bale toward the a man yet, but as she held his hand she knew tipping stack. that would come later.

590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \vf\ ''Ht -Vf:

4/tr >* i

. J i.

It stood there E"jP*ff ill like a beacon on the hill,

its steeple bathed in -moonlight... inm& isan aged man, a child

fV{ trudged sloivly tip the -aft'*<} steep and winding path... Iff

'\i< *t:at last they reached it;

they entered... mm

the old man botved his head tt%Ai>

in tvorship

as the child wondered tvhy its roof shut out inBwl

the stars. - 1 *''fffi,

By Roger Paxton

CONTEST.ERA OF YOUTHENTRY

:v ': l \m

.; r..

f

TOP AWARD

The Calling

By Michael T. Hurst

Hyrum's brother, in the morning From the cabin, through the barnyard,

Ere the sun caused cock to crow, Strode the lad with easy grace,

Arose from sleep and lit a candle Past the plowed fields, newly seeded,

And read the Bible by its glow. To a predetermined place.

His young heart was deeply troubled, Nestled deep in yonder forest,

Greatly burdened by his plight, Cuddled in a womb of green,

For he wondered, more than most men, Looking back and all around him

Which of all the sects was right. Only shadows: he's unseen.

Then from James a partial answer Filtered through the shimmering treetops,

Struck his mind like hammer blows Morning sunlight gilt the youth

And drove itself into his bosom: And kneeling humbly in its aura,

'Ask of God,'said ancient prose. Joseph prayed to learn the truth.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Suddenly bright skies were blackened, What a shaft of glorious brilliance

A great thick darkness gathered round, Blessed the forest there that day,

While evil powers, frenzied, fighting, As all eternity rang an answer

Bound the lad and stopped his sound. To the boy who went to pray.

Never yet such awesome power, Flee, the denizens of darkness,

Never viciousness so real, From the presence of a greater one,

Never loomed such great destruction One whose sacred luminescence

As the lad was caused to feel. Dims the glory of the sun.

Urgent prayer was nigh abandoned, Standing tall in might and glory,

Almost squelched by evil might, In the air, o'er forest sod,

When rescue came in one bright instant; Above him, speaking, introducing,

Blackness was dispelled by light. Joseph saw the face of God.

(Continued on next page)

JUNE 1966 593 God the Father, great, eternal, "Joseph!"'Twas the voice of thunder,

Glorious, yet much like man, Yet was kind and filled his soul,

Calling once again a prophet, And he listened to the Firstborn,

To reveal the gospel plan; Who revealed to him his role.

God the Father, great, eternal, For the church of old had fallen,

With his own Beloved Son, Plunged to darkness from its light;

Son and Sire, both stood together, But with guidance from the heavens,

Glory, countenance, all as one. Morn could break upon the night.

"Joseph, this is My Beloved, Morn, as when the rosy daydawn,

Hear Him,"and so Joseph heard Maturing, breaks exuberant ray;

God's predicted declaration And the shouting voice of sunlight,

Of men's departure from his word. Conquering, holds the night at bay.

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thus the light the Lord was giving; But he felt exhilaration,

Guidance was, for years ahead: Wonder, reverence, worship, awe;

Knowledge to restore salvation, All his life would be a witness

For the living and the dead. To the truth of what he saw.

Joseph faced long years of struggle, Then the vision, closing, left him

Years of toil and prayer and tears; Lying, limpid, in the wood.

Years of temples, priesthoods, prisons, Having heard God's great assignment,

Translations, visions, fears; He would do it as he should.

Years of Kirtland, Nauvoo, Carthage, Then rising, moving, through the shadows,

Persecution; hell's fires fed, Joseph stepped into the sun,

Ere he's seen full forty seasons, And a prophet walked the pathways

Years that leave young Joseph dead. Where a little boy had run.

june lase 595

Saying goodnight to someone special is difficult. As I sit

next to him here at the Freshman Talent Show, my thoughts keep reverting to the question of how it will be done tonight. Close observation of his moods during the

entire evening will help me determine the most poised, gracious, and feminine way to execute my strategy.

His enthusiastic appreciation for the talented performances of my classmates is encouraging, because light mood is of utmost importance. In fact, this attitude greatly

simplifies the problem. If the program ends on this note, it will not

be necessary for me to humor him back into the mood by recalling the Premeditated numbers he particularly enjoyed.

Happiness warms me whenever I am with him, and this reminds me that each word and action is very Goodnight meaningful in our growing friendBy Marilyn R. Miller ship. If I were to accidentally

"cut"him, or if I were to say goodnight to him in the wrong way, it could permanently mar our relationship.

The way he puts his arm around the back of my shoulders as we walk out of the auditorium is indicative of a more thoughtful mood. As usual, we never have much

to talk about until we separate ourselves from the mass of chattering students. As we near the bottom of the steps,

the crowd disperses and we begin talking of the parts of the show he enjoyed. This conversation is resetting the

mood to my exact specifications. Sharing with me his appreciation for cultural entertainment (which I had noticed

earlier in the evening) makes me feel even closer to him.

This emotional distraction makes it difficult to keep my plan in mind. It cannot fail! It will not! He is too special.

As he opens the main door of my dorm for me, I take a deep breath, walk in slowly, then turn and smile at him.

He takes my arm as we climb the flight of stairs. Recalling

a joke told by a comedian at the show makes him laugh, and I giggle as we "bounce"up the stairs. We are still

laughing as we reach the last two steps. His grin widens

when I tell him what a terrific time I had, and he thanks me for the evening. He is raving about the unbelievable

talent of my class when we stop a few feet in front of my apartment door.

After telling me how fun I am to be with, he hesitates.

I immediately complete the sentence by assuring him that it has been a privilege for me to be with him. While I

express my appreciation to him for sharing his thoughts and ideas, I gently slip my hand into his (without raising it), holding it just long enough for a slight strengthening of the handclasp, a sincere smile, and perhaps a wink.

I slowly withdraw my hand and open the door without taking my eyes from his. With the almost inaudible parting

words "goodnight,"I'm inside facing a closed door with a

Scott Miller, Jeanne Upwall. feeling of ecstasy for a perfect "goodnight."

JUNE 1966 597 The classroom was quiet except for the faint hum of bees near the open windows. Rows of heads bent diligently over

mimeographed papers; pencils scratched softly or were

sucked thoughtfully until the right answer came. Occasionally someone coughed or stretched or sighed, but the writing

continued.

Nancy chewed frantically on the eraser end of herDECISIONBy Paula S. Anderson pencil as she gazed intently at the questions before her.

The typing blurred together under her eyes as her thoughts chased themselves around in her head. It was no use. She

just couldn't remember. And after all the studying she had

done, too. But then, chemistry was her most difficult subject.

If only I could stay calm, she thought. She forced her

panic down, only to have it rise again, a hard knot in her throat. She brushed a lock of hair off her warm forehead

and rubbed her damp palms down her skirt. I must concentrate, she told herself, gazing again at the questions. Suddenly the answer came to the second question. A flood of

relief flowed over her, and she quickly answered the next three. But despair began to rise again as she looked at the

pages of mathematical problems. She was going to fail,

and failure meant no scholarship and no college—at least,

not right away.

Nancy glanced hurriedly up at the clock. Only 30 minutes more, and she wasn't even half finished. I'm not going

to pass, she said over and over to herself, as tears stung her eyes, blurring the papers. She rubbed her eyes and

glanced around. In front, Joan was hunched over, her nose

practically on the paper, writing furiously. To her left, Don,

the smartest one in class, was writing calmly, filling the page with neat rows of numbers. She glanced hastily away,

but not before an answer had registered in her mind. She

felt guilty as she looked at her own paper and saw the same answer. Well, at least I have one right, she thought.

If anyone could help her, it would be Don. And his

paper was so near. Nancy could feel herself being pulled

towards him. She fought the impulse and deliberately

looked at the clock. Only 25 minutes until the bell. She

crossed and uncrossed her legs, coughed, and shifted in her seat. She wanted to look. She had to look. If she didn't look,

she wouldn't pass. She couldn't remember. Her thoughts

were all jumbled up....

"Mr. Baum,"Nancy whispered, leaning against his

desk, "could I please sit next to the window?"

Mr. Baum looked up and frowned slightly. "Yes, of

course,"he whispered back.

Nancy slipped into the isolated seat, laid her papers and pencil on the table, and leaned back. She closed her

eyes, feeling the soft breeze on her face, smelling the fragrance of the flowers. For a few seconds she let her mind

pull away and drift. Very calmly and quietly she murmured

a brief prayer—a prayer for remembrance. Then she opened

her eyes and began to write.

The bell rang as she was working on the last problem.

Her right arm felt cramped, and her head was starting to ache. The students were beginning to file out as she slipped

the paper clip over the pages. She had answered all the

questions and done all the problems. Some of the problems

were probably incorrect, but perhaps she would still get her

B. But if she didn't, that would be all right, too. Her

scholarship would then be given to someone else, but she would still have the most important thing—her selfrespect.

Suddenly, she felt wonderful.

I walk in the world of the very young,

The youngolds, who know too much of life

And not enough of living.

The rebels, the halfmen, the dreamers

I am of them.

My world is too little for me.

I'm boxed in; the woods are burning;

One is a teenager for so little time.

The agony, the fear, the hope of only a teenager

So few minutes in eternity. By Judy Lindsay

They say you love your teen years best of all.

The old ones, remembering their prom

They do not remember.

They never knew De Moivre's Theorem, learned about quanta;

They are the ojd.

We are the rising sun, The youth of the world.

The halfstrong, halfbrave, halfknowing,

Cocky and fearfu Tormented, ecstatic, Living life in a sheltered way

Away from life.

We are those of a little knowledge,

A big faith, a big dream.. The almostgrown.

Who can read our fate tomorrow?

No one—yet,

The Last Word

There is no such You may search all the ages for a perthing as immaterial son who has had no problems, you may matter. All spirit is look through the streets of heaven askmatter, but it is more ing each one how he came there, and

fine or pure, and can you will look in vain everywhere for a only be discerned by man morally and spiritually strong whose purer eyes; We canstrength did not come to him in struggle.

not see it; but when Do not suppose that there is a person

our bodies are puriwho has never wrestled with his own fied we shall see success and happiness. There is no exthat it is all matception anywhere. Every true strength

L. Evans ter.—D&C 131:7-8. is gained in struggle.—Richard

Mother: "Did you thank Mrs. Wilson for "/'m ivorried about that boy of

the lovely party she gave?"Little mine,"said the anxious father.

Deborah: "No, Mommie. The girl leav- "He's too smart to take advice from

ing just before me thanked her, and Mrs. anyone else, and not quite smart

Wilson said, 'Don't mention it,'so I didn't."enough to think it up for himself."

The deepest law of the Children need love, Our doubts are traitors, and make spirit is that men beespecially when they us lose the good we oft might win come like that which do not deserve it. by fearing to attempt.—Shakespeare,

they love. -Lord Byron—Harold S. Hulhert Measure for Measure, Act I, sc. 4

Julie (reaching Chinese patient (on telephone): "Doctor, what time you

for her half fixee teeth fo'me?"Doc: "Twothirty—all right?"Chinese:

of a wishbone): "Yes, tooth hurty me all right, but wha'time you fixee?"

"Oh, but I really don't know what to wish for."

John: "Well, It matters not whether you or I feel

then let me wish like praying, when the time comes for you."Julie: to pray, pray. If we do not feel

"Oh, John, this like it, we should pray till we do.

is so sudden,... You will find that those who

but I wouldn't wait till the Spirit bids them pray disappoint you will never pray much on this earth.

for the world!"...—President Brigham Young

Some folks think they are busy when they are only confused. *t:.

.—--

600 JUNE 1966 Face Brick by Interpace

Some of Salt Lake City's leading citizens will make this Face Brick by INTERPACE. Whether your building is an

luxurious 1 1-story condominium their home. The Aztec, elevenstory apartment or a small residence, this suat 515 South 10th East Street, offers the ultimate in perior face brick assures strength, durability, minimum

elegance, with a full complement of modern convenimaintenance, summer coolness, winter warmth and low ences for gracious living. Enhancing both beauty and insurance rates. In nine exciting new colors. Tell your

livability are fireproof, soundproof walls of Tokay Matt builder or contractor to use Face Brick by INTERPACE.

FACE BRICK Quality Architectural Ceramics by jWRPACE 1081 South Second West, Salt Lake City Phone: 3284761

Los Angeles. San Francisco San Diego. Sacramento. Santa Clara. Portland Seattle Spokane. Denver Phoenix. Honolulu (American Factors)

Architect, William Rowe Smith, A. I. A.; general contractor, Bowers Building and Construction Co.; masonry contractor, Leavitt and Pulsipher.

Second Class Postage Paid t*3 at Salt Lake City, Utah

Your Beneficial Life dollars work for you—and your community.

Besides providing life insurance protection for you and your family at most favorable rates, the dollars you invest in Beneficial Life also help build your local community and your state. For example, water... pure, sparkling and clear... water for drinking, for washing,

for watering our lawns and gardens is something we take for granted—until

we don't have it! Then it suddenly becomes very precious indeed. Beneficial Life

Idollars have helped build and improve water MBpfj(jifS? tWfo

supply systems for many western communities. pa

city, UtahOne of the West's oldest and largest life insurance companies -serving 11 Western States and Ohio. y//4.ya