7>Mmprouemenf Era

i"-r.ci %::

JUNE, 1940 VOIUMI 41 -NUMIIt t ttrn* mnttt <*in *IT S.*t!. T

a

SNJOY ff/*r // *&**&ION6BR

GOODBYE "DIFFERENTIAL HUM"—With new Shell Super

Gear Hypoid Lubricant, Hypoid Gear Sets operate silently for extra thousands of miles.

With new products, improved methods, Shellubrication assures you extra miles of quiet troublefree operation

That silent "new car feel"gear 24 consecutive hours!

could better methods of lubriThis super -lubricant is just cation prolong it? one of 16 special Shell prod- A ''beauty treatment,"too,

This challenge, accepted by ucts your Shellubrication

Shell engineers, has resulted dealer uses. Couple these with with Shellubrication

in remarkable new products, Shell -engineered ChekCharts Tire walls and running improved methods. for every make and model boards are rubberFor the new hypoid gear add a forgetproof follow up dressed. The body is

wiped off with a specialsets, for example, Shell scienmethod—and the famous

Interior cloth. treated ly Shell blueprintstyletists just developed have receipts—and or brushed vacuumed Lubricant. Hypoid GearSuper you get Shellubrication—shined. out. Chromium

Amazingly protective, it remodern upkeep service unlike And other extra services, duces gear teeth wear. Keeps any other offered today. without extra charge.

the differential really quiet. For your car's sake—and

And it stands up in tests equal your pocketbook's—investito racing full speed in second gate improved Shellubrication.

MULLy HD(g1TDKl The Modern Upkeep Service HOME PRODUCED UGAR ik * *

INEXPENSIVE

Pure, sparkling white, HomeProduced

Sugar is "made to order"for every PURE cooking or sweetening purpose. Housewives find it perfect for canning, preFINE-GRANULATED

serving, jellies, jams, cakes, sauces, pastry, candy. You can't buy better DISSOLVES QUICKLY

You can't buy better sugar. sugar!

CREAMS NICELY HomeProduced Sugar is grown and refined in your community under AmerSURE RESULTS ican standards. It is one crop in which

America has no surplus, and acre for <0% acre, it provides more employment, more transportation, and draws on more industries for other raw materials,

Perfect tor canning, cakes, etc. than any other major crop.

The sugar beet farmer is your economic neighbor. He helps pay local taxes,

helps build schools, roads, and he buys your groceries, your clothes, or your services. When you buy his sugar you

help him, your community, and yourself! Next time you buy, order HomeBrings out Nature's real flavor!

Produced Sugar!

(Do (ljojuu KnowWhether happy marriages tend toTJHmproDementEra "run in the family"? 323

"The Glory of God is Intelligence"Why Joseph Paul Vorst, artist, chose to live in Missouri? 326

Heber J. Grant,JUNE, a mile record?-328 a 1940 broke crowd How Widtsoe, A. 6 John 43 NUMBER VOLUME Editors

pertinent the of were some What Evans, L. Richard the of said things members by Editor Managing THE CHURCH""THE OF VOICE recent at First the Presidency Josephson, C. Marba general 331 conference? QUORUMS, OF THE PRIESTHOOD OFFICIAL ORGAN Associate Editor

DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL General Morris, Mgr. Q. COMMITTEE. MUSIC EDUCATION, OF MENT Associate Cannon, G. WARD GeorgeLucy CHURCH OF THE AGENCIES OTHER Mgr. Theingstorynewspaper?of the West's oldest exist332 TEACHERS. AND Business Mgr. Orton, J. K. SAINTS. LATTERDAY OF JESUS CHRIST OF

How one man felt about a boat's safe arrival in America? 335

What obscure passages in the Bible

In the Hour of Parting Heber J, Grant 330 wereInspiredclarifiedRevision?by Joseph Smith's336

QhuUidfL JszcduML How many wards and stakes reached their "Era"quota in the 193940 331 Messages of the First Presidency the Conference From 340 campaign? 335 John H. Taylor Boat Came Home The

faced a community, whole Where High to New Stakes and Missions Bring "Era"Readers List financial serious problem, a with 340 D. Giles John Figure to stay out of debt? 343 managed

"Ditch Credit"William Mulder 343

A Bishop Speaks on the Home Missionary Movement What kinship exists between reliJames H. Clawson 346 gions teaching the immortality of

man? 3 44 Evidences and Reconciliations—XXVI—Did the Waters of

the Flood Cover the Highest Mountains of Earth? How the average bishop feels about

John A. Widtsoe 353 the home missionary move-

M. L A. For the Blind R. DeRell Litster 366 ment? 346

of the Wisand 325 Word Youth Said Young Brigham sons the old Sunin- Chief of How 363.. 350 dom Church Moves On

settled division the theFace of L. in Hawaii, Conference Don 365 Genealoqical Paqe pintos the seventeen among 350 Cotterell Executives.,367 Messages: Mutual them? 347 360 Melchizedek Priesthood: 367 Master Men M 363 Aaronic 367 Girls BeeHive is to preserve being the done What 364 - Teaching Ward last 367, of 368 poles? totem the Field Photos 348 Montpelier the of The Work Forrest Champions, Victoria D. Committee, Agricultural Stake

presias been has 369 appointed Greene Who 361 Sorenson Earl R.

of Mission? the dent Samoan 350 the - Preach - Father, Sons Four Tobacco CamAnti Liquor

paign 360, 361 Gospel 370 For what things we may safely continue to educate our children? 352

far reaching consequences Existing West's Oldest The attend which "family fun"? 352 Revision of the Inspired The NewspaperBible—IV—ContinuedDavid W. Evans 332 The

Sidney B. Sperry and Merrill Y, Van Wagoner 336 Where a thriving M. I. A. is being

The Common Source of Religious Truth—VI—The Immorconducted for the blind? 366

R* Hunter 344 Milton tality of Man 348 When June Conference convenes?. 367 Poles James Montagnes of the Totem Last

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: It's Cherry Canning

lin S. Harris, Jr 323 Time.355 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Telefacts -323, 383 The Cook's Corner, Barbara OFFICES:

Missouri Artist Joseph Paul B. Burnett 356 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Vorst, William Mulder 326 Summer Reading for Young Copyright 1940, by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corthe 357 poration Mutual Men's Improveof Young Folk that Broke a Mile Crowd The

Association Christ ment Church Jesus of of the 372 to Advertisers Index 328 Record rights Saints. Latterday All reserved. Subof and Ours 384 354 Page Your the Rack Book price, scription in year, a $2.00 advance: On 20c

single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City.

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

Educated? Richard L. Evans 352 mailingfor in sectionat special1103,rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided1917,

Family Fun Marba C, Josephson 352 authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Davis 338 Marie All Dorothy Take Winner

P. Sharp Thief James The Horse 342 NATIONALREPRESENTATIVESADVERTISING

The Mystery of the Seventeen Pintos.John Sherman Walker 347 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Frontispiece: Modest Symbol, Music Knowledge, Delsa D. Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Hortense S. Anderson 329 McBride 373

Poetry Page 349 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....382 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JhsL QdvsUl.

of the expressive is particularly this study days, pleasurable of summerSuggestive of A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY outof-doors. photograph is the work Girl's in the interest The BeeHive

James Jenkins. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

A RTiFiciAL sunlight, by its ultraviolet machinegun fire. Because of air re-

"content, can quickly clear the air sistance, the speed of a raindrop does of tuberculosis germs floating about in not exceed twentyfive feet per second, it. Ninetysix per cent of the germs even in a cloudburst. The speed of

suspended in air were reported so killed fall depends on the size of the drop.

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. by doctors at the University of PennsylMist has water drops so small it takes

vania. two hundred and fifty to make a line an

JIasamiine, a Japanese swordmaker inch long. These drops fall about ten

iV1 of about 1300 A. D., became very inches per second; drops in moderate

famous for the quality and beauty of Tf a raindrop were to fall 4,900 feet rain are one twentyfifth of an inch in his swords. Six hundred years later without the resistance of the air, its diameter and fall about thirteen feet

a German metallurgist secured a blade speed at the ground would be 560 feet per second, and the cloudburst drops and in his analysis found molybdenum, per second; hence it would be dangerous are up to onefifth of an inch in diamapparently a result of contamination of to be caught away from shelter in a eter. Larger drops than these break

the iron ore used. The improvement shower. With no air resistance, a hailup into smaller ones.

of certain properties of steel by the storm would be more destructive than {Concluded on page 324) addition of molybdenum was not appreciated until the last decade of the nineteenth century. TE1EFACT p\R. W. R. Hawkins of the Uniwhaj versity of Rochester medical school TRACTORS ON FARMS

recently found that the pulse rises twentythree beats per minute with use of ordinary cigarettes and about sixteen with socalled denicotined brands. 1930 C><3><3>0920,021

TLJappy marriages tend to "run in the

A A family"according to a survey by iHiHiwi j*4mhI jt*&!BB rfaiiwi jA&aKa students of family relations at the Uni1937 crocno<7orocr<!>1,248,337

versity of Southern California. Sixtyseven per cent of the children of haprmgm rfaum iHJIWflf v4hb rtwn jsfr

pily their parents married considered 1938 <To<7CToCroCroC/1.382,893 successful marriages while butown

fortythree per cent of the children of unhappy parents judged their marriages 1 to be happy.- 1939cddcdodcf1,652,654

/"Crater Lake, is an Oregon, old volScience ServicePictorial Statistics, Inc. 4-26

crater unusually -'cano filled with blue water at a depth of two thousand feet.

Cimple experiments on the effect of '*'light on plants show, with an oat seedling for example, that the tips which will be above ground tend to grow toward a light source ( phototropism while the root tips grow away from the light. 4 A cruel superstition, which has no we* provable foundation, says that acrow or almost any other bird can learn FOLDERSto talk if its tongue is clipped. TRAVEL

'"Pests made at the telephone exhibits

T America A in the Francisco and York San New discover See h,...Supe lastFairs half people year a million alrconaujond on by

eight that people offound out every VOU *l"8S difficulty ordihearingthousand have ffeeTomrad.map8,WSl."i way stram! in conversation. driving thounary Forty a and markers

auditoriin hearing troublesand have m J IB!"*—

fourums, one in hundred have and only, for Extra Coupondifficulty Clip in hearing over a telephone.

, Dividends* Vacation. on &i eoP air glass slides'T'aselined to exposed Paste

BUS DEPOT penny Ps"PACIFIC, places "at different UNION a Yankee on Was.. So. Temple returnClipper trip to Europe and show 77 West i

that pollens are carried the hayfever by

Vacation Foiaers. I Atlantic Polover the Ocean.winds

lens were found at altitudes between 1 two and eight thousand feet as far as I two hundred and seventyfive miles off I shore. Above eight thousand feet there i

were practically no pollens over either land or sea.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

EXPLORING THE UNIVERSE

(Concluded from page 323) appear, from experiments on streptopressure were changed, such as the "Decently found chemicals related to coccus infections in mice, to be as good improvement of thickened arteries and sulfanilamide are proving useful. a remedy with less toxic effects than sometimes the removal of blinding eye

Phenothiazine has been found by the sulfanilamide. disturbances.

U. S. Department of Agriculture to be 4

effective in treating several species of TITTalignant high blood pressure eye, called the part of the back The in livestock. Scientistsparasitic not could be which reduced by worms

is A retina, light sensitive since the to Institute toat the National of Health other has responded have any means found three new compounds through treatment with two new kidney exwhole of its surface is covered with the changing the sulfanilamide formula by tracts. Not only was the blood presnerve endings of the optic nerve. These

substituting phosphorus for sulfur and sure of the patients reduced but also nerve endings consist of rods and cones making certain other changes. These other effects accompanying high blood and when light falls on either a rod or

a cone an impulse is sent to the corresponding nerve fiber and relayed to the brain. It is estimated that there

are eighteen million rods and three million cones in each eye.

A baby has two hundred and seventy **'bones; but some of these later join,

leaving a fullgrown adult with only two hundred and six.

'Wending machines to sell gum or "candy seem modern but Hero, who lived sometime between the first century B. C. and the third A. D., described a device for dispensing ceremonial water in Egyptian temples,

operated by putting money in a slot.

'T'he Smithsonian Institution reports that over four thousand makes of automobiles have been developed since the first internal combustion engine automobile appeared in 1868.

'T'he total mass of the atmosphere of SALTPEPPER SETS * the earth has been estimated to be about six million billion tons.

...and 6 LABELS

from Chicken of the According to the special theory of

Sea Brand Grated ** relativity, the faster a particle greater becomes. the its mass Style or moves Tuna

found experiments have many Though Star Tuna. / for only SmU'Clot,Aet White

true, increase this the to becomes be quality this today tuna a ot value, say supply buyclever! Get a 75c Mighty And particle a the has as appreciable only

it it...serve will like family often. departleading America's ers Your of ofmany of velocity the approaching velocity

Vitait's little Contains for fish them. is canary stores. yeland good ment One light, times around seven is over which

low...for salt. The other one is turquoise mins "A"and "D"and Iodine, effective the earth a second. For baseball and

blue...for pepper. So you won't get peppreventive of nutritional goiter. It has bullet velocities, this principle then

per when you want salt, and vice versa! been America's favorite for 28 years, makes no detectable difference.

because only the tender, light meat is packed! \ Tery strong coffee succeeds only

* briefly in sobering the drinking driver, tests made at the Institute of

Forensic Medicine, Heidelberg University, in Germany, have proved. The

effect of the coffee soon wears off, leaving the drinker so relaxed that driving is unsafe. If coffeedrinking after consumption of alcohol is accompanied by

the smoking of cigarettes, the shortVan Camp Sea Food Company, Inc., term effect of the coffee is in large part

8ox C, Terminal Island, California. (Postage Stamps not accepted) offset by the nicotine.

Enclosed find Cash Money Order Check for $. Also labels >

Star Tuna. of the SALT or White Sea Brand Send Chicken me from & Atmospheric temperature and denis Blue). Yellow; Shaker Turquoise Pepper Shaker is Canary PEPPER SETS (Salt

sity heights to twenty of about up Name...,—help five studied miles with the can be

Address. of a flickering searchlight beam and

City State photoelectric cell detectors.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940 you, in the name of Israel's God, that you My whole study is employed and my will have your children, and no power can whole soul is drawn out to induce this peorob you of them.... Do not be discourple to live their religion.

aged about the follies of the young.

suffer to from Rather your taken heads be I of great possessed Were a woman sacrifice than shoulders your to honor, your filled of mind, with powers and, wisdom, violate forfeit the covenants, saand your the upon whole, a magnanimous woman, and cred trust in reposed you. privileged choice, with been had and my

had married a man, and found myself deYou are constantly taught to live your ceived, expectations, he not answering my religion for it live for today. not you Can

that I being sorry and such a made at hour? small an point: a Begin can you

let choice, not show by wisdom me myI had live to for the not Lord one Yes. minute?

it. complaining about BRIGHAM that not multiply sixty can Then you by

My counsel to the Elders of Israel is to and make an hour, and live that hour to let whiskey, brandy, and other strong drinks the Lord? Yes; and then for a day, a week,

a month, a year?... This we can do. YOUNG alone.

I can preach the Gospel, but I cannot The capacities of all sane persons are make people obey its mandates when they capable of enlargement.

are not so disposed. (Compiled by Heber Q. Hale.)

ersons have frequently ruined their awn characters by making false accu-P sations.

I do not like to see those who profess to TO HOME be Saints get such extravagant confidence in our that God they will not do one thing to OWNERS forprovide themselves. GOOD NEWS

I have minded my own business, and I intend so to do. I have known many to

become rich by minding their own business.

If you have not attained ability to provide for your natural wants and for a wife and a few children, what have you to do with heavenly things?

Mothers, to produce offspring full of life and days, must cease drinking liquor, tea, and coffee, that their systems may be free from bad effects.... Look to it, mothers,

that you desire only that which will most promote the health and life of your offspring.

Success in preaching the Gospel springs not from the wisdom of this world. We

must so live as to enjoy the power of God.

Each person possesses an intelligence, each one has an agency, and each has his own salvation to work out.

This is a world in which we are to prove ourselves.

When the world is in a state of true civilization, ceased man will have to contend IT'S hiswith fellowman, either individuals, as o&jy TO BUILD parties, sects, communities, nations. or

Man can produce and control his ownacts, but he has no control over their reREPAIR OR REMODEL sults.

it that is a fact With persons me of sound NOW!

sense, possessing and correct principles, and remodeling. Thestriving life, Don't postpone needed repairs—building—or for eternal will not exchange

those principles for a gill of whiskey or a simplified Budget Plan of the Sugarhouse Lumber & Hardware pinch of snuff.

will all the enable you to enjoy Company conveniences—all

Brothers and fuss or bother. without any improvements the savings of homerequest of you: WhenSisters,youI speak,will makespeakoneso

that we can hear and understand you, And on longterm, low interest monthly payments.

whether it be much or little, good or bad. If

you have nothing to say, take my counsel We're specialists in assuming all details and worries. We sell

seat.and keep your If you anything have and specify the finest, most modern materials. We recomit;to say, say get through and when you

stop. mend DriBilt PlyWall construction for lowcost and per-

I would like to see men who never bemanence—Kiln Dry 4-Square Lumber for durability and satisold so Icome learn. that they cannot defaction. Let's remodel and fix up now]

sire to see everybody on the track of improvement, gaining all the knowledge, power, and advancement possible for him Sugar House Lumber & Hardware Co.to gain and possess.

O. M. Mgr. ASHTON, Pres. HORACE B. RICHARDS,

live the to continue 1174 East 555 21st South Hyland filledlivesParents—youof true Christianswho with and are

faith, virtue, and good works—I promise

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

who came to America in 1 930, at thirtythree years of age, "to obtain unreMISSOURI By WILLIAM MULDER served liberty for himself and his talents,"and who chose to live in Missouri because of its association in LatRecognized as "one of the finest of terday Saint belief with the original ARTIST all Midwestern portrayers of the site of the Garden of Eden. Joseph

American scene"is Joseph Paul Paul Vorst is Art Director at Jefferson

QniAodwdnq. Vorst, German convert to the Church, ofCollegethe St.in LouisSt. Louis,Branchandofasthea memberChurch

finds time to lecture before M. I. A.

JOSEPH PAUL VORST groupsing art andtours.conductA constantthem on missionaryenlightenhimself among his friends, his introductions assist the fulltime missionaries in

CONCERNING the subject of this their activities.

sketch, Virginia Freebairn, misAn illustrated monograph has been sionary serving in the Central States Hoffprepared by William Edward writes Mission, from Columbia, Missketch of a brief mann presenting souri, follows: as

"Not enough could be said of Vorst's life and an evaluation of his

Brother Vorst's loyalty, his enthusiwork as contemporary artist. Before

his desire asm, St. the to help Louis

. his sincerity. Branch, genuine He whichthe fearfulleft himordealpermanentlyof the Worldlame inWar,one treats the missionaries royally,. and

his wife is a marvelous hostess.... leg, Vorst had been engaged in the field

He leads the singing at Sacrament of commercial art and printing at Essen, meeting also and does missionary Germany. The period of readjustment

his associates. business work among

I lov % to hear him tell why he after the war turned him to lithography.

came to St. Louis to take up his work Finally, as student at the German Na-

—about this being the chosen spot tional Academy in Berlin, where he

.. of the world. This he summer impressionist, is studied famous under the

to coming the of Utah. main One the renowned and Max Max Slevogt, is find reasons to the of missionsome

aries he met in the old country, parLiebermann, his paintings began to reticularly the one who baptized him."ceive notable recognition—until new

JOSEPH PAUL VORST desires sent him to America.

TAR SERVICE

for motorists who want to enjoy the scenery more!

If there's ever a time when you want carefree motoring, it's on a scenic trip. You don't want to be bothered about

mechanical items—and you won't be, after you've had 7-star

tuneup service at any Vico—Pep 88 station.

This service includes: Cooling system checkup... Crankcase drain and refill with correct summer grade of tough,

long -lasting Vico motor oil... Transmission and differential

checkup... Oil filter service... Specialized Lubrication

of the chassis, not just a grease job... Front wheel bearings

checked and repacked if necessary... and a supply of

longmileage, climatecontrolled Pep 88 gasoline.

In addition, and without charge—unique, helpful travel guides.

For fishermen, new Fishing Hints booklets are now available.

Drive in for finest products and better service—where you see this sign...

EVERYWHERE UTAH AND IDAHO

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

In America the early years brought hardship, but in spite of poverty, lackof influence and influential friends, and AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL a limited knowledge of the English SINCE 1853 tongue, he persisted doggedly, and in the field of commercial art finally earned enough to restore his confidence. THERE'S A REASON—His work began to receive notice. He LEVI Others can't imitate LEVI'S!

LEVI STRAUSS, A NEW PAIR FREE IF THEY RIP NONSCRATCH CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

VISIT OUR SHOWROOMS

AND SEE, HEAR and COMPARE THE HAMMOND ORGAN THERE ARE MORE HAMMOND ORGANS IN

CHURCHES THAN ANY OTHER ORGAN!

CO. BROS. GLEN

74 Lake City Utah MUSIC2 Big Stores Ogden. So. Main St., Salt

"DRIFTERS ON THE MISSISSIPPI"—PRIZEWINNING PAINTING BY JOSEPH PAUL VORST.

executed a number of portrait comBOUND?missions, and, along with his commerWORLD'SMR

cial work, found time to create many excellent paintings, several of which have won prizes at exhibitions in the larger cities. Among recent prize

works are his "Drifters on the Mississippi,"awarded the M. V. Kohnstamm

prize at the Chicago Art Institute in 1937; his "Flood Tragedy,"awarded

first prize at the Kansas City Art Institute in 1938. National honors were

accorded his mural for the postoffice at Vandalia, Missouri, and for the mural for Paris, Arkansas, entered in the

Fortyeight State Competition.

Joseph Paul Vorst's newly discovwith of opacity new way Go—aered transparentappearing foundation GREYHOUND/

is conin Treasure thrillstransparency one on await you thousand A combiningoperation—50 ONE"trip to the Fair World's Island. your Enjoy step in thesidered the ultimate a toward J10 WAYproper use of color. He uses no palette fullest in the restful comfort of a luxurious

schedFrequent SuperCoach. Greyhound color canvas. applies to pureand

convenience. to Have your ules timed are

paints, inborn Teutonic"Vorst with Fair with the at the money you $18 ROUND TRIP more FUN subjectssolidity heavy and strength, fares. low Greyhound's save on

in social content, tragedy, and 'heroics.'To SAN FRANCISCO

painting. 'propaganda'PAID... EXPENSE TOURS He decries

fearless admires honesty and Fair FROM SALT LAKE CITY S. F. Sightseeing, Hotel, Taxi,He absoInclude

Circle FAIRS! SEE BOTH

.. Billy Rose's Aquacade, AmeriAdmission,lute sincerity. labors unceas-. He from to your both Newtour home

Fair. 3 days Tour of and can Cavalcade little life reFrancisco for Yorkingly, feeling that and San and provides too

time in which to crowd the work he as little as $6.50. See your Greyhound Agent. turn for only $69.95.

must accomplish."DEPOT: 77 So. W. Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah PHONE: Was. 1366

Cs& GREYHOUND THE CROWD THAT "L D. S. TRAINING PAYS."BROKE A MILE

RECORD

C* holder lenn Cunningham, HOTEL * the Vacation Time of the world's record for AS WORLDFAMOUS AS mile run, on an indoor track, tells an extremely interesting story about the way the record was is four Opportunity hung up, and gives the crowd that witnessed the event a large part of the credit.

After a rather disappointing—io qsL ahead.

performance in Madison Square Garden, in New York City, Cunningham was invited by DartoQ, ihsL chowd!

mouth College to come up and run the mile on their cinder track in the palatial new gymnasium.

The track coach at Dartmouth declared they had the best indoor track in the world, and he believed Cunningham could break the world's record if he would make the attempt on their track.

Spacious rooms and suites, handIt would be good advertising for somely furnished. San Francisco's their new gymnasium.

traditionally famous cuisine in the After some correspondence it agreed Cunningbetween unique Garden Court. Most conwas

that the race the coach ham and veniently situated for all transportawould be run, if the coach would tion, and for the 1940 Exposition. agree to meet certain of Cunningham's conditions. One of these

conditions was that no one would be allowed to smoke inside the gymnasium.

In previous races in New York and elsewhere, the spectators WHO SAID were allowed to smoke, with the result that the air became so CANNING clouded and foul that it cut down

I the wind of the runners. "Many WAS HARD? times,"says Cunningham, "I have

finished a race with my lungs with burning from other people's smoke. That has always cut

down my speed."This summer you can take intensive

-will qualify training that subjects selfsealing you this particular occasion, On office to for enable you inemployment—or entering however, every person

fall. in better college next work do CAPS the of informed gymnasium was

* I do it in the conditions, and all fags were Consider these important points:

half the time dropped at the door. Then ushers made the announcements in Courses, staff, equipment

their sections, and the loudAmong the Best speaker repeated the announceLOW TUITION RATES ment several times before the PLEASANT CLASSROOMS race started. The crowd, being BEAUTIFUL SHADY CAMPUS

composed of good sports, acGYMNASIUM PRIVILEGES, INCLUDING cepted the restriction in good TENNIS AND SWIMMING spirit, and not one cigar, cigaCLASSWORK: 8:00 TO 1:00

rette, or pipe was lighted during STUDY PERIOD: 1:00 TO 4:30

the entire evening. The result

was that Cunningham ran in Register any Monday in June.

clean air. Write or call TODAY for our

As the champion came around "Bulletin of Information."

lap after lap the crowd cheered him to the echo, but the biggest

Co. Kerr Jar Mason thing did they for him was

Title Bldg. Insurance 270 to L.D.S. Business air clean, his keep the so that Angeles, Calif. Loa

"Guide To Home Canning"[ ] lungs and legs could function properly. his runner (Fits AHY Mason gave The Jar)..,.[ Mason Cap Kerr

"Successful Beans of Canning Peas Corn"[ ]] his College best, and the gave crowd him

Hame. best opportunity. All of them toSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Address. gether broke a world's record.

From the KVP Philosopher.

3>&i* JhiA. TAngoMmswt

A well worn wicker basket gorged with rolls

Of stockings neatly mended is to me

A noble, modest symbol, which consoles

My restless spirit like a symphony

Of meadowlarks, fullthroated at the dawn.

It brings refreshment from the days now gone.

I see the light again in Mother's face,

And hear her mellow voice in gay soft tones

As she sits mending by the fire. I trace

The tempting fragrance of freshly buttered scones

And quince preserves and warm green apple pie;

Thus, simply, did she gladness multiply.

We had a sense of true security

In knowing, always, she'd be sitting there,

When school was out, to hear so eagerly

Our problems or success. She had a share

In all we thought or did without desire ShsL SowsrL JhsL S&sudUu

To pry, or ever needing to enquire.

r SEE, with lifting heart, my brothers there the basket her lap she on With seemed to say, And sisters, drinking lustily this life to give "I'm here part whichever of me

You need to help you on the great highway Of carefree, joyous days, and am aware

Of life, a hand, a heart, a melody, That where my mother darned, no hate nor strife

Or other thing within my power to give. Could enter to disrupt her kindly way.

It is for this unfoldment that I live."She sowed the seeds of work, and love, and play.

Long after we had found and wed our mates,

And gone, with dreams, to firesides of our own.

We sought her still, as a daisy gravitates

Toward the morning sun beside a stone.

In shadows dim beneath a sycamore

We found her wisely helpful as before.

Jo JUL Jhsh. ThsuL

HpHE years have gone—the unreturning years

No longer is she there when we would go.

Yet a sentient reminder now appears

Beautified as a rare intaglio Incised with love and care upon our hearts.

Such mothers, in truth, are God's near counterparts.

The day has come for which she did prepare.

Our own small boys and girls now frisk about

Like innocent, playful lambs, all unaware

Of dangers which beset the trail throughout.

And threaten to destroy their meed.

Shall we be there, as she, to fill their need?

By HORTENSE SPENCER ANDERSON

Photographs by H. Armstrong Roberts.

Uhe EDITORS PBGE =

QycthsL diowt.

jojl (pa/ding.

regret ofttimes, in the times of distress and By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

I andtroublelove,thatthatcomewe areto notthoseablewhomto liftwefromadmiretheir shoulders the sorrow into which they are plunged, time and that I felt assured in my heart that her when they are called upon to part with those they mother's time had arrived; and she and the rest

cherish. of the children left the room.

But we realize that our Father in heaven can bind I then knelt down by the bed of my wife (who up broken hearts and that He can dispel sorrow and by this time had lost consciousness ) and I told the that He can point forward with joy and satisfacLord I acknowledged His hand in life, in death, in tion to those blessings that are to come through joy, in sorrow, in prosperity or adversity; I thanked

obedience to the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, Him for the knowledge I had that my wife belonged for we do understand and we do have conviction to me for all eternity, that the Gospel of Jesus Christ that it is the will of our Father in heaven that we had been restored, that I knew that by the power shall live on and that we have not finished our and authority of the Priesthood here on the earth existence when these bodies of mortality are laid that I could and would have my wife forever if I away in the grave. were only faithful as she had been; but I told the

It is a very great blessing that in the providences Lord that I lacked the strength to have my wife of the Lord and in the revelations that have been die and to have it affect the faith of my little given by our Father in heaven, we have the assurchildren in the ordinances of the Gospel of Jesus ance that the spirit and the body, in due time, will Christ; and I supplicated the Lord with all the

be reunited, notwithstanding the unbelief that there strength that I possessed, that He would give to is in the world today—and there certainly is great that little girl of mine a knowledge that it was His

skepticism and unbelief in relation to this matter. mind and His will that her Mamma should die.

But notwithstanding this, we have assurance Within an hour my wife passed away, and I through the revelations that have been given by called the children back into the room. My little

the Lord our God, that that is the purpose of God, boy about five and a half or six years of age was that the body and the spirit shall be eternally united weeping bitterly, and the little girl twelve years of and that there will come a time, through the blessage took him in her arms and said: "Do not weep,

ing and mercy of God, when we will no more have do not cry, Heber; since we went out of this room

sorrow but when we shall have conquered all of the voice of the Lord from heaven has said to me, will of the Lord these things that are of a trying and distressing 'In the death of"your Mamma the character, and shall stand up in the presence of the shall be done.'

living God, filled with joy and peace and satisTell me, my friends, that I do not know that God faction. hears and answers prayers! Tell me that I do not

I was thoroughly convinced in my own mind know that in the hour of adversity the Latterday and in my own heart, when my first wife left me Saints are comforted and blessed and consoled as by death, that it was the will of the Lord that she no other people are!

should be called away. I bowed in humility at her I have been blessed with only two sons. One

death. The Lord saw fit upon that occasion to of them died at five years of age and the other at

give to one of my little children a testimony that seven. My last son died of a hip disease. I had

the death of her mother was the will of the Lord. built great hopes that he would live to spread the

About one hour before my wife died, I called Gospel at home and abroad and be an honor to my children into her room and told them that their me. About an hour before he died I had a dream

mother was dying and for them to bid her goodbye. that his mother, who was dead, came for him, and

One of the little girls, about twelve years of age, that she brought with her a messenger, and she said to me: "Papa, I do not want my Mamma to told this messenger to take the boy while I was

die. I have been with you in the hospital in San asleep; and in the dream I thought I awoke and I

Francisco for six months; time and time again when seized my son and fought for him and finally sucMamma was in distress you have administered to ceeded in getting him away from the messenger

her and she has been relieved of her pain and who had come to take him, and in so doing I quietly gone to sleep. I want you to lay hands dreamed that I stumbled and fell upon him.

upon my Mamma and heal her."I dreamed that I fell upon his sore hip, and the

I told my little girl that we all had to die someterrible cries and anguish {Concluded on page 383)

(paJiaqAaphA. ptom. Jtlm, QottfaMnoL WlMAaq&A,

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY Pres. J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Pres. David O. McKay

President Grant's messages to the 1 10th General Conference Annual is difficult It to budget. our balanced have have not tell when government. We

last published complete were month.WE it felt its bounds, and transcends organization that that an important the was

significant are excerpts a few Here its live within should becomes income,Church not the of President from messages J. itself for for asonly a Church, exbut an despotic.111 Clark, President Jr., Reuben and state, the to nation, the theample community, indiin in live land each a which To O. David McKay. to the individual themselves.and members life is liberty right the a vidual to has and

glorious The Church itself, ( I am not now speakprivilege.111

ing of wards and stakes) does not owe a Sisters of the Church, the chastity of the If any man in this country prefers a govdictator, ruled should he adollar the in to ernment go person to or world by any any is in largely the of Church youth your rules; in dictator the its hereinstitution. the but is free property enAll where from its in virtue enthrone hands. must You

the of believe its sort; people States of United America creditcumbrance never any was place, bring sovereign must you back modin deLincoln silly ashigher. idle government a are runAbraham There rumors and esty, let the of blushes chaste beauty must

the the people, people, clared, "of to the contrary, but,ning and about brothers by and still cheeks. your adorn

I for thesisters, people."stating facts. to the sober you am Israel, in to teach sons your Mothers

all First in their will Presidency do The to protect to the last, pure honor and revere, 111 this to in condition. the Church keeppower It is well ever to keep in mind the fact that their daughters teach your womanhood;

1 1 1 most priceless jewel is a clean, undefiled that the State exists for the individual; not

State. for the the individual sought Jesus that daughters body; teach sons both and First like to Presidency urge would The perfecting indithe to perfect society itself. life by is chastity than worth to the ofevery follow the Church member the free vidual, exercising of only and by

set live to theexample Church and by 111more individual the even can approach agency hiswithin income. this earliest the of Church, days From perfection.

apostates, malcontents, "soreheads,"have is free eternal principle an agency Man's derision, slander, falsehood, railed with out is his lives income Anyone beyond who of progress, of form and government any called the lead those against to God whom isinviting disaster. not Borrowed money its is inhibits free exercise curtails that or

... the of people. has Prophet Lord Theincome. capital account, Borrowing on the in plan beginning was wrong—Satan's the carpings stood of above and beyondwithin reasonable to capacity your pay, it rejected, coercion, of because one and was critics. those unrighteous has always He circumsound, be dependingmay upon to the of destroy sought agency he man lived, in lives the leader as today, kindly our stances. is live to borrowing But on him. given which had God light the approval, recipient of the of Lord's

itunsound, outright or loan whether an this right to uses Godgiven a man blessings, choicest When the Lord's manifestedinstallment buying. the urge members beWe another, rights the of comencroach he upon will to look. those openly but whoto thrifty, frugal, industrious, be temperate, license, Liberty mits a becomes wrong.

to livesaving, righteously. and is It transgressor. the the func- a and man

tion of the State to curtail the violator, and 111 Pres. David O. McKay violated. the to protect as you know, a We are now building,large grain elevator which will store apwish to acknowledge God's kindness and 111

proximately 300,000 bushels of grain. We I mercy to His children everywhere, and Latterday Saints should avoid affiliation

did have in storage approximately 190,000 to express my abiding faith in the ultimate with any committee, any group, any union bushels of wheat, which we are now replactriumph of the Gospel, and of the final that would, through coercion or force, deing. victory of Right over Wrong. prive a person of the free exercise of his

1 1 1 Believing this, I am not blind to the fact or her freedom of choice. It is understood,

is course, free to join that of person any that in the attitude generally, of mankind still left things other to do. have we Two

inhis best union, to favors a so do when scaffold, to the Truth be "Forever seems on energies our towards spend mustOne, we terests; to but should compelled one be no forever the throne."on Wrongfinding for those to people do work who

join, rights of as or a deprived be any if find assistance. for laborneed Next, we 111 citizen, to labor, right the including honest to shall well thenthem our be do on we way as behold nations grasping Today we if to of not chooses he a member become spiritual their rehabilitating intowards them throats, at another's the strong crushing one specially a group. or organized union is lives. civic the in second Thisand and the are to rightthat weak, think prone we

sense, the importanta most have work we is eousness nations In our waning. among 111 do.to the living turbulent in times, are Yes, we is country, that the struggle own know we

still rife between capital and labor; that most distressing phase of which is the rejection dictators of the leaders Christ and by institutions to democratic our are I already of the have spoken problem

if of nations. But have European some you blatant; political see of becomingenemies more demwe those tosupplying labor assistneed who faith in as believe Star must David you God successful, seemingly agogues drunkmore theance. Bishops, get Welfare some man final said, inev- "in the has Jordan apdy still enness flauntingly immorality and depaint. his paint fix Let him house; own up I itable witof Truth,"bear triumph and fiant; is and whether wonder mankind we his fence; plant trees in his own some own all to in the sincerity that ness the world life better or growing private In worse. unyard, grass; or his clean yard. some up of Christ to the restored Gospel Jesus as adversity, disappointments, employment, If this, will half you of do your huwork is true Prophet Smith Joseph embraces and sickness, sorrow discouraged us and make repair half, is done, the hardestman and all Truth. the Paraphrasing just author sometimes despondent. and too. Paint meetinghouses, your town your principles the quoted, the of keep as Gospel I Still will that confident yet Truth am hall, repair sidewalks, your keep park your guide, ally companion, your your your and prevail.or public neat, looking grounds keep up inspiration, will tingle the and with you

fences.your 111 of kinship consciousness your the Inwith

I am as sure as that I am speaking to you finite, and all petty trials, sorrows, and that the peace and happiness of mankind sufferings of life will fade away as temThe call of these troubled times comes lie in the acceptance of Jesus Christ as Reporary harmless visions seen in a dream.

most insistently to the ears of the officers deemer and May God give us courage to choose theof the auxiliary associations. They are Savior.111 Right, ability to appreciate the good things

reconsidering their whole field with a view In the light of the principle of free of life, and power faithfully to serve Him to see what may be done by them to meet agency, it is not difficult to distinguish beand our fellowmen, I humbly pray in the the needs of the times. tween the right and the wrong system of name of Jesus Christ our Lord, Amen.

The WEST'S

A DRAWING OF AN EARLY DAY PONY EXPRESS RIDER OLDEST

EXISTING NEWSPAPER

L-Terein is briefly told the established at least a halfdozen colorful and dramatic periodicals in its brief history, by story of "The Deseret News,"a public service institution 1850 there were only two official that was born with the west and has grown with the west Church publications still in existthrough days both turbulent and calm and now observes ence: the Frontier Guardian, a biits ninetieth anniversary june, 1850june, 1940. weekly edited by Elder Orson Hyde,

at Kanesville, now Council Bluffs,

Iowa, and The Millennial Star, founded in 1840, in Manchester,

By DAVID W. EVANS Eng., by the Twelve. A third,

though unofficial, publication was

The California Star, founded in 1 847 by the colorful and unmanageable

Sam Brannan, at Yerba Buena, now

San Francisco. All these papers were

far removed from the main body of the Church, now rapidly being gathered in Utah; so a new printed voice

was badly needed.

In due time Elder Phelps* printing equipment arrived in Great Salt

Lake Valley, and on this press, now preserved in the Deseret Museum, was struck off the first copy of The

Deseret News on June 15, 1850.

Let us turn to those first years in

Utah before the birth of the News—those critical three years from

1847 to 1850. During these years,

homes had to be made from sundried adobe and roughhewn logs hauled from the canyons; crops had

to be planted and harvested to save the settlers from starvation; essenPRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT, TOUCHING THE tial industries had to be started; and

BUTTON THAT STARTED THE WHEELS OF THE ment for the launching of a newsthe almost endless task of transNEW COLOR PRESS IN SEPTEMBER, 1936. paper in the faraway Rocky Mounporting thousands of faithful Saints

tains. Church leaders had already from the Missouri River to their new

1846, while the main body of discovered only too well the need "Zion"in the Rockies all had to friendly press consideration. preferred for a fair and as a receive The of membership the mobdrivenIN against selfdefense of starting a newspaper was job of in means refuge the Church sought

rudely built huts at Winter Quartraitors from within and foes from therefore delayed. By the summer

ters, now Florence, Nebraska, W. without, and as a positive force for of 1850, with a sufficient supply of

culeducation and of lifesustaining crops for promotion and man printer and the Phelps, ChurchW. of the newfor spread ture, partially assured beast the moand for the orders from actingpublisher, under

the Twelve, was in Philadelphia found truth. ment, with a gristmill, a sawmill, a

buying a printing press and equipThough the Church had already tannery, and a pottery erected, and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

with several other essential enterWe propose to publish a small weekly pending admittance of California to prises accomplished, the attention of sheet,will permit,as largeto beascalledour localThe DeseretcircumstancesNews, the Union as a state was also printthe leaders was turned to more culdesigned originally to record the passing ed. Fragmentary though such actural and educational problems, inevents of our state, and in connection, counts were, they were eagerly

cluding the founding of a university refer to the arts and sciences, embracing devoured by the isolated settlers, divinity, education, medicine, law, general their for dependent were largely newspaper. the launching who of aand

political everyand economy, and of the outside world knowledge quantities of domestic upon Already, by 1850, fall thing that observation, our under may gold dust were finding their way which may tend to promote the best intravelers bringing news which was into Salt Lake valley, as original terests, welfare, pleasure, and amusement frequently two to six months old.

California "native sons"passed of our fellow citizens. The first Deseret News carried

through Salt Lake City, returning to We hold ourselves responsible to the only two advertisements, in appearthe East. This influx of gold neceshighest Court of truth for our intentions, ance much like the classified "ads"

sitated the erection of a building to andexecution.the highestWhenCourtwe speak,of equitywe shallforspeakour of today. Alexander Neibaur, a surserve both as a depository and as a freely without regard to men or party, and geondentist, announced that he was

mint, for the Saints now began to receiving patients at his home, while feel the need for a stable medium of William McBride informed friends exchange. Such a structure was and emigrants that he was equipped

soon erected near the northeast corto shoe horses and oxen at his shop ner of Main and South Temple on the shortest notice.

Streets, in Salt Lake City, east of In the July 22nd issue of the News where now stands the Hotel Utah, there was printed an account of the and in this mint, on June 15, 1850, proposal to connect New York City

Brigham H. Young, a nephew of the and Liverpool by ocean cable. On

Pioneer leader, clamped down the July 6th, subscribers read that the small handpress of Utah's first request to have Utah included in the newspaper. projected state of California had

The first issue of The Deseret been refused by the California legisNews consisted of eight threelature.

column pages, each of which was Another item of unusual interest less than onefourth the size of the appeared in the October 19th issue.

modern newspaper page. The The annual court term of Great Salt

for the RICHARDS, FIRST EDITORhandpress employed task WILLARD Lake held 7th been City had on the

OF THE "NEWS"pages four of printing capablewas in of the October, ReBowery.

speedat with the enormous a time, the vein: facetious in a News like let other when, men, we err, him who ported hour. impressions anof 250 his correct has us in meekness, eyes open that not enough It was a full bench,

The first staff included, besides and he shall receive a disciple's reward. grand and petit jurors, clerks, lawyers,

the pressman, Willard Richards, We shall ever take pleasure in comand the sheriff were in attendance—they

editor; Horace K. Whitney, typemunicating foreign news as we have opcould not raise a case; in a city of nearly

setter; and Thomas Bullock, proofportunity;from our friends,in receivingat homecommunicationsand abroad; burglar,10,000 inhabitantsmurderer; notnot oneone manrobber,in chainsthief,

reader. and solicit ornaments for the News from could be found; not one culprit of any

Willard Richards, grandfather of our poets and poetesses. description; not one trial could be had;

Elder Stephen L Richards, came The first number may be expected as not one decision could be given; yes, there

will trial, as subscriptions early warrant in June decision: one was the one patience of qualifiedwell and previous by ability subscribers. the action the of 300 court jurors officers tried and was by His for histraining new position. in invariably.. Terms,. waiting $2.50; 6 months, sitting the long nothing to do, and the whenhad been a remarkable career. A advance. court decided to rise and walk and wait

cousin of Brigham Young, and a Single copy, 15 cents. another year, to see whether business would

Advertising, square per $1.50 line, and not improve, the but prospect dull, is very beennative he had of New England, $.50 insertion; for each succeeding for $1.00 first not have the heard of we trial assistant physician,drug merchant, half square, or 8 lines. before in court any county Deseret

editor of The Millennial Star and, in TRAVELERS AND EMIGRANTS, 20 fall.... this

Nauvoo, Church Historian, Recents per copy, with insertion of their corder of the Temple, Clerk of the names, place of residence, time of arrival An event of singular interest was

Municipal Court, and Recorder of and leaving. Companies of 20 and uprecorded in the News of November

wards, at once, cents each. 20 follows: as 1850, asCitythe Council. had also He is is printing worth 16, worth A paperenteredthat in thesisted the Prophet Joseph is Parent preserving, worth School The preserving; if worth commenced on Monkeeping of his private journal. At binding; for this purpose we issue in pamday, November 11th, at Mrs. Pack's house,

the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyphlet form; and if every subscriber shall 17th Ward, under the direction of Prorum Smith, Willard Richards had preserveit at the closeeach ofcopythe volume,of the News,their children'sand bind Boardfessor ofOrsonRegentsSpencer,had employedChancellor.Dr. Collins,The

valiantly stood shoulder to shoulder children may read the doings of their fathers A. M., for the present, who will instruct in

with John Taylor who parried with which otherwise might have been forgotten, all branches taught in high schools. The

his walking stick the rifle barrels ages to come. prospect is favorable for a rapid advancethe in sciences. ment thrust assassins hadwhich the

for Terms one quarter, $8.00, half in adhalf-closed thethrough door... of the items of interest which vance.Carthage jail. Willard Richards Amongalso appeared in the first issue

later became a counselor to Brigwas an account of a February debate Thus the News inauspiciously anham Young in the First Presidency on the slavery question in the United nounced the first session of the Uniof the Church. States Senate, which, fully five versity of Deseret, now the UniverUnder the caption "Truth and months old, was live news in Salt sity of Utah.

Liberty"the first issue of the News Lake City. General Zachary TayOn November 30, 1850, the News

set forth its purposes, as follows: lor's message to Congress on the carried an account of the act of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940 likenesses in the most approved style of the art, with the latest improvements, in a building at the northeast corner of the fitted Fort,"expressly "Old up 6th Ward, JOHN for the purpose, large skylight so with a MANAGERA. OFEVANS,THE

"DESERET EVEthat work can be done equally as well in

NING NEWS,"AND foul weather or fair. Particular pains DAVID WATTS, COLLECTOR, WHEN taken with the likenesses of children. HavTHE OFFICES AND ing had nine years practice in the art, parPLANT WERE ON ticularly in the city of Boston, Mass., I SITE PRESENT THE

OF THE HOTEL fancy I can suit the most discriminating

UTAH. taste.... References: W. Woodruff of the

Twelve, W. W. Phelps, Heywood and

Woolley, W. Whipple and A. Badlam.

Apparently, physicians and surgeons had not, by that time, proclaimed against the ethics of professional advertising, for, in the

THE "NEWS ROOM"OF same issue, we find J. M. Vaughan,

THE PAPER WHEN THE physician, surgeon, and oculist, proOFFICES EDITORIAL

WERE IN THE "ANclaiming his capabilities through this

NEX"advertising medium.

In the same year the News proclaimed against profiteers in no uncertain terms:

Let all trading shops severely alone, where they ask you 50c a pound for candles, 40c a pound for sugar and soap, $2.50 a bunch for cotton yarn, etc., and

will only give you $10 a ton for hay, pay you in goods at these high prices, and then forthwith sell the hay for $15 in cash.

... Hay is worth $15... and it will

soon be worth $20.

By October of its first year, readers of the News were informed that it could be published only semimonthly for the present because of a lack of sufficient paper stocks to publish it oftener. With this announcement the publishers also decided to

build a paper mill in Sugar House.

Old rags were needed for this purCongress which declared Utah a was Utah's first photographer, pose: so the editor requested all cititerritory and defined its boundaries Marsena Cannon, who illustrated zens "to save all wagon covers, tents,

to include nearly all of the present his message with an oldfashioned (Continued on page 378) states of Utah and Nevada. By the cannon, used as a trademark, folsame act the proposal to have the lowed by the text: THISHOUSESMODERNTHE PRESENTBUILDINGBUSINESSON RICHARDSOFFICES,STREETEDIinstead called "Deseret,"territory I am now ready to execute daguerreotype TORIALMENTS OFROOMS,"THE DESERETAND MECHANICALNEWS."DEPARTit when Utah,of was abandoned

appeared that further insistence on this point might endanger the bill's passage. However, the greatest loss

to the new territory was not in the name, nor in the failure of Congress to grant it full fellowship among the

Union of sovereign states, but in the loss of that strip of seacoast just north of Lower California, including the port of San Diego, which the

Mormons had hoped would be included in their boundaries.

Encouraged by the early successes of the advertisers, Alexander Neibaur and William McBride, other merchants soon began to appreciate the value of advertising in the News so that, within a few months, the

News carried two full pages of advertising matter, which was printed on the outside pages of the paper, forcing all news and editorial matter to inside positions.

Among these early advertisers JhsL BOAT

to fathers see voices of mothers I was and first CAME dued myTonight in, nightboat so our pier asking I went come you see on the "Can through the Customs gates girl?"or "Do you think that he is onearly. I obtained a front standingHOME the boat?"One father standing by

seat on the pier. They were rather me said, "He's just got to be there;

at a premium, I discovered, as girls I can't go home to her without him."

and men and women tried to move Those little tugs, like good Boy me out of position. Smiles and reScouts, were doing their daily good

marks about "my dear son"or turns and eased the valiant old lady "daughter,"or "the short ones ought gently around the corner to safety, to failed in front"be to move for she me. and, the As moment—peace.I just out spread and held my arms pier close passed to us, friends on thetight—very rude and selfish, I know, and the boat commenced to recogbut "business before pleasure"has nize each other. Shouts were heard,

to be lived up to occasionally. hands and handkerchiefs were wavThe boat was late, and the air was ing, and many of them, because of

cold, so sometimes I felt like repentthe nervousness of the moment, were ing and being nice to people for saying silly things and making awkmy own sake. ward gestures to keep from crying.

Every light that appeared out of In a few minutes the gangplanks the mist and darkness was supposed were in place, and the passengers to but I be "her,"soon learned of them coming that were ashore—mostif the very rapmoving light were looking to be friends, some met by

idly, it always turned out to be a to right and left as they moved toferry or a nightboat going up the wards the crowd with just a tiny

Hudson River. In addition to these, hope that someone knew and perlittle tugboats darted in and out of haps would be there to say hello.

everywhere. Right in front of us To come ashore and be alone is such

were four or five of these boats, all a dismal thing. You could tell them

ready to give a helping rope or a as you passed them on the pier.

liner the bigsteady push to rather to within huddle seemed they By JOHN H. TAYLOR They for. foghorns waitingwere The their themselves, kept eyes movand

could be heard in every direction, Of the First Council of Seventy ing back and forth in the dimly some deep and throaty and others lighted place as if they just couldn't thin and shrill as if they might be believe that there wasn't someone afraid. to smile and say, "You're home!"

I think I must have seen her comThe floodlights were turned oning first—<the high lights on the and the boat was again ordinary;

masts looked like lowlying stars, down of her red and green lights even the two painted flags on the and then you could hear her deep, could be seen in the distance. side of the boat seemed to lose some

gruff voice saying, "I'm the one you I only had to wait and look. I of their color and romance. The

are looking for."More lights sudknew that she had to come to me. telegraph boys, the hotel and raildenly appear and now you can see As large and powerful as she was, road men, the constant stream of lugthat they are moving upstream. In one could tell that she was tired and gage, the porters with their blue,

a few minutes later she is all outweary from the Journey, and this soiled coats, the customs officials lined with lights and she looks like was home, and her berth was all moving slowly among the trunks, the a giant chandelier hung from the made up and waiting for her. barking of dogs, the confusion of

sky. The large funnels become many tongues made life again seem

very prominent in their red, white, '"The boat came right towards us, quite ordinary and sad and selfish.

and blue coloring, particularly the and we wondered if she knew Everybody was in a hurry to leave, red because of the reflecting lights her way in the dark. For fear that and delays put people's nerves on

that seem to flood it to a showy apshe might have forgotten, we shrank edge, and they were glad to reach pearance, like a prologue in a show. away in fear, like frightened chilthe darkened and dirty street with

The tugs below began to move dren, instead of putting out a helpall its noise, and by taxi, free themaway and take positions in the river. ing hand to a lady in distress. How selves from it all and once more reWithout seeing the pilot, we knew large she looked, how little we vel in the lights and freedom of

by the one, two, three of the bells that seemed to be! Quite close now—we "My country, 'tis of thee."Only,

he was talking to the men below. One could even see the people! The playperhaps, from a humble few came a

of the tugs hurried away in the darking band almost seemed out of place thanks to God for safe arrival, and ness towards the steamer, and in a as one looked at the sober, anxious for home—this precious home of

few seconds only the dancing up and faces on the boat and heard the submine and yours and theirs.

JhsL QnApbisudL SUwl&awv ojthsL

IV certain items were restored by the ( Continued from May issue Prophet Joseph to the Bible text. A BIBLE systematic campaign seems to have

the Old to remove successfully been waged BY moreTheTestamentbooks comprisinghad a much the Tesvarious doctrines from Old guarded existence than those DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY tament. These removals and changes

of the New, it is believed. The AND appear to have been made so cleverrevelation to the of the Lord

reaffirms SmithProphet Joseph the MERRILL Y. VAN WAGONER wouldly and scarcelycleanly havethat beentheir imagined.existence

fact of Moses'authorship of the Every passage showing that the first five books of the Old Testathe persecution by the government Gospel had been given to Adam 5 ment. In Moses'time the Heand its vigorous destruction of and to his descendants and that it

brews already had a unified religbooks. After Constantine adopted was known from the beginning in

ious life, which resulted in preservaChristianity, conditions became its fulness by man was taken from tion of the books and writings coneasier, and from the fourth to the the Old Testament. These facts the

sidered sacred. Hence, from genereighth century a standard text was Lord revealed to the Prophet Joseph

ation to generation, the accumulatfinally produced by a long process Smith. As one example, the last two

ing writings were guarded by scribes of changing, adjusting, and reverses of the restored fifth chapter who kept the records. In later times, editing. How could the text possibly of Genesis read:

however, all were not agreed as to to be gospel the began And thuswhich were the inspired books. Acde- being the beginning, from preached

cordingly, sometime around 100 clared by holy angels, sent forth from

A. D., it seems, a group of Hebrew the presence of God; and by his own

scholars drew up the list of accepted voice, and by the gift of the Holy books, in as TesGhost. it is found the Old confirmed all things were thus And today.tament those excluded They ordinance; and holy an unto by Adam

books now found in the Apocrypha the gospel preached; and a decree sent

as not being inspired. They also forth that it should be in the world

thus it was. thereof; until the and end rule for that copying:made the

5:4445. (I. See R., Genesis Amen. a of thewhenever copy Old new Price, Moses of Great also Pearl

Testament was made, the old manu58-59.) 5:

script should be destroyed. This

accounts in part for the comparaRepentance, baptism by imtively late date of extant Hebrew mersion, receiving of the Holy manuscripts. Ghost, and necessity of belief in

It is believed that most of the the Son were taught from the bebooks of the New Testament were ginning by the early patriarchs.

written sometime during the last half Before the Flood it was the Gosof the first century A. D. Until the pel that Noah preached for the

year 325, when Constantine estabmany years of his ministry.

lished Christianity as the state religion of Rome, there was a period The role of the Messiah in of persecution, uncertainty, and the Gospel plan was suplittle control of the church and its pressed as much as possible. It

writings. Books and rolls circulated remained for the Prophet Joseph

here and there, from one church to Smith to restore the following another, with no central control to direct references to their original setting in the Genesis book ofinsure text. uniform un- a Often

i&L.'.-,.'.jfihJC*** *V, ym* *. tgjki alone: times; 17 Begotten, Onlyskilled did the of copymen work

4; 9; Messiah, Ghost, Holy uning and editing. Within the THIS PHOTOGRAPH SHOWS THE FIRST PART OF the Father, 9; the Son, 1 1; the Son PROPHET'S "TRANSLATION"THE OF THE NEW facorganized ranks of Christianity

tion arose to oppose faction, and TESTAMENT.THE OPENING LINESTHE READEROF THE WILLGOSPELRECOGNIZEOF MATof Man, 10; Jesus Christ, 4; and the

their opposition even went so far THEW. NOTE THE DATE—MARCH 8TH, 1831. Lamb, 1.

essential There other much was toas text the changing of of the correct remained uncorhave and doctrinal reinstated matter the by epistle.scripture Moffatt and James rupted circumstances! such under It is interesting highly Prophet. tosays:

is it as that marvel remained The learn that both bore and Eve Adam of interpolations extent varied from The it did. extent as whole of its The their testimony to blessed joy anda the paragraph, or to a two and word is corruption of error wealth and their the for enlightenment Lord sinister naive.motives to equally varied from

... Heretical remodeling was rife, and the indicated by the fact that the Prophand that they did not consider their

practice of alteration and omission was not et Joseph did most of his work of expulsion from Eden a curse. Their

entirely side. to confined one (James Mofin correcting the rather than New statements were restored by the the tofatt, Introduction Literature of the in furIt also the Testament. Old Prophet. Testament, 38.) p.New interest the ther explains the of

in that blessed and day God, And Adam in to internal struggle tne having Lord was Testament Added New filled, to concernand prophesy began was possible. early as as fact revealed contrary "This of revised is a belief all ing families the earth; of the saying,

most that scholars, Testament assert modern Old towhothe are planned apparchanges The for, Blessed of the be because God, name write the did ascribed not toMoses books him, and that they were of much later origin. ent from the regularity with which of my transgression my eyes are opened,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

and in this life I shall have joy, and again, nor end of life; but made like unto the Son flesh upon the earth, the first man also.

in the flesh I shall see God. of God; abideth a priest continually. (I. R., Genesis 3:8b. Pearl of Great Price,

And Eve, his wife, heard all these things Moses 3:7b.)

greater Priesthood was The saying, for it notand our was glad, Were The earth was not necessarily in of Israel taken the children fromtransgression, should never had have we seed, and never should have known good during the time of Moses. ( Concern- a static physical condition when man

and evil, and the joy of our redemption, ing this see also Doctrine and Covewas placed on it by the Lord. In the

life eternal the givethand which God one of the noted days of Enoch was tables unto nants 84:1926.) the first On (I.all 4:1011. the obedient. R., Genesis rare passages have describing we of stone, inscribed the Lord had Price, of 5:1011.)Pearl Great Moses

1 words pertaining to the Holy Priestthe earth and inhabitants of that

Moreover, the Lord told Adam hood. On the second tables only the time:

that he was forgiven his transgreslesser law was given because of the There also came up a land out of the sion in the Garden of Eden. iniquity of the people. The full text depths of the sea; and so great was the fear

that the of of people the enemies God, the saying abroad Hence came among of Exodus off, fled afar 34: 1 as restored by the ofthey stood and and wentthe people, that the atoned hath Son of God reads: Prophet of the the land out which upon up camefor guilt, original sins the of the wherein

parents cannot be answered upon the heads And the Lord said unto Moses, Hew depths of the sea.

like also stood unto tables land other stone, giants of the the of two And children,of the for are they from thee whole also, off; I will the first, forth afar write upon them there went a curse and and upon (I.the foundation world. R., Genesis of the

6:5556. Pearl of Great Price, Moses 6:54.) the words of the law, according as they all(I. theR., peopleGenesiswhich7:1819.foughtPearlagainstof GreatGod.

This confirms our second Article Price, Moses 7:1516.)

of Faith: "We believe that men will The first two R's of traditional

be punished for their own sins, and education are not of comparatively not for Adam's transgression."It recent development, for Adam and

further shows that the Atonement his descendants knew how to read of Christ was known and underand write.

stood from the first.

The completeness with which theAndnamethenof thebeganLord;theseandmenthe Lordto callblessedupon

mention of the Priesthood was rethem; and a book of remembrance was kept

moved from the Bible shows furin the which was recorded in the language ther the attempt to corrupt the origof Adam, for it was given unto as many inal truths it contained. The very ofas calledinspiration;upon God, to write by the Spirit

word Priesthood was suppressed in And by them their children were taught the Old Testament except in a few to read and write, having a language which passages referring to the Aaronic or was pure and undefiled. (I. R., Genesis

Levitical Priesthood. Some of the 6:5-6. Pearl of Great Price, Moses 6:4-6.)

restored passages showing this are: This book of remembrance was

this priesthood same which was Now carefully, in preserved for Enoch menthe shall beginning, of the end be in the his discourse: tioned it in (I. also.world R., Genesis 6:7.)

And the Lord ordained Noah after his And death hath come upon our fathers;

own order. (I. R., Genesis 8:7b.) nevertheless, we know them, and cannot

JOSEPH SMITH THE AND MONUMENT thus, having been approved And of God, first of the HOME deny, and even all we know, AT SHARON, COUNTY, VERMONT. WINDSOR -was [Melchizedek]he ordained high an of remembrance for a we book even Adam;

priest after the order the of covenant which to us, the according written have among first at written the the were tables which on with Enoch, madeGod is it finger and the of pattern God; given by is brakest; in thou {the not following found It after being the of the order of Son (I. in language. R., Genesis given our own it the shall version) but not be King James orderGod; which came, not nor man, by 6:4546.) Price, 6:47. of Pearl Great Moses first, I will for to according the take away willthe of neither father man; nor by

their the therefore priesthood of midst; out neithermother; of beginning forefathers nor primal days were Since our by

thereof, the order, ordinances and my holyend unlettered, did not they have other of years; but of God. (I. R., Genesis shall for not before them; presence go my14:2728.) also? information Yes. I lest in their shall midst, not destroy up go

The above passages are not found them. The Lord said unto Enoch, Behold, these

in the King James version. HowThis is confirmed in the restorathy brethren, they are the workmanship of

I hands, mine unto them and gave own extantever, they in the were manution 10:2: of Deuteronomy

I their in created that the knowledge dayscripts to the early Church, known I tables the words will write on the And 7:39. of (I. R., them. Pearl Genesis Great

for they were quoted in the epistle that were on the first tables, which thou Price, Moses 7:32. )

to the Hebrews. The Prophet Jobreakest, save the words of the everlasting

seph's restoration of Hebrews 7:1-3 shaltcovenantput ofthemtheinholythe priesthood,ark. and thou Enoch'sIn thehistoryKing is Jamesdisposedversion,of inreads:

-24 ) four brief 5:21 verses ( Genesis clarified other points were Many this ordained a For Melchisedec was

is not his wonderful in sermon these restorations. was and To whompriest after the order of the of God, Son

which order was without father, without God speaking when he created man? mentioned. In the Inspired Revision,

mother, without descent, having neither The King James text does not say. these are restored in their completelife. of days,beginning nor of end And (I. R., ness, verses. filling 123 Genthat the restoration all From know we

thisthose are ordained priesthood unto who 7:1-78. Pearl esis 6:2671; of Great in our "Let us make man He said, like the unto of abidingare made God, Son

a priest continually. image,"to His Only Begotten, who Price, Moses 6:2568; 7:1-69.)

was with Him from the beginning. From it we learn that Enoch preachreduced text which came The

to the translators of thedown King image,And inI, theGod,imagecreatedof minemanOnlyin mineBegottenown theed thepeople;GospelthatandAdamits wasordinancescalled onto

James version was rendered by created I him; male and female created I by the Lord) to repent and be bapthem: them. (I. R., Genesis 1:29. Pearl of Great tized in the name of the Only BeWithout father, without mother, without Price, Moses 2:27.) gotten Son, Jesus Christ, and to redescent, having neither beginning of days, [Thus man] became a living soul: the first (Continued on page 376)

Winner take all

(pjwvm—i it pJwv&A* amjihinq--

that ipjuL aw!L JuufiauL an&nyjmouA.--

Gray felt her BY ears growLIindahot. The tide of warmth

crept over till she her cheeks bowed hide DOROTHY to the typewriter above her head it. Her fingers never hesitated in their sharp staccato. MARIE

"... an imposing threestory structure faced with limestone from DAVIS

the Durban quarry,"she wrote.

The words faded before her eyes as the platen thrust the white sheet one row higher. Her heart sang,

"He's coming, coming, coming."

comes Auntie "Here Mae. No \

more work this morning!"hissed

Madge, the society editor, clapping her hand over the telephone mouthspeak to them as he passed through piece, her pencil poised for a list of the outer office.

bridesmaids. For a moment the "Conceited fool,"mumbled Linda

busy newsroom listened raptiy. suddenly, and put a period after

The front door slammed, followed "quarry."She pursed her lips.

by a faltering of typewriters in the "Madge's keeping an eye on the classified and display ad departdoor, for all she pretends to be so ments. interested in Mrs. Patterson's

daughter's wedding."Then, "Cat!"

There was not much the newsshe accused herself and began to room could not hear, for the seventype again. head, but her eyes kept pace with his

thefoot divided partitions which the passing shoes be Now he would into buildinglong, singlefloored would Jordan ofswitchboard, and Miss They came... downlong, betweenshiny, blackthe desks,shoes.

fices for the NewsHerald, were be squirming in her chair and grinpaused a second at Madge's, caremerely blinders to keep each departning up at him. Ugh! Linda was fully sidestepped the city editor's

ment about its own business. Overright. intentionally sudden thrust to trip

head voices and the clatter of type- "Run along to your lovelorn, them, came on... closer, closer.

writers and linotypes, the roar of Tad,"said Miss Jordan, raising her They passed Linda, hesitated, came the presses, and sunshot dust minvoice so that the envious classified back a step, went away. She couldn't

gled fraternally. girls and the newsroom, behind its see them any more. She tried to

Linda guessed that the G. M, in thin partition, could hear. "I'll swallow and could not.

his cubicle of half walls behind the write you a letter after the rush is "Good morning, dear Auntie newsroom and even Slim at the comover."Mae,"piped Madge,

posing desk away back behind must "You're missing a chance for a "Good morning, child. How's

know Tad was coming and rejoice, lovely new dress,"Tad said. "Don't Auntie Mae's little sunbeam this

too. Everyone liked him. Her you want a new dress? I see the happy day?"

heart took pride in that. contest is a flop.""Good morning to you, good

The front door always had a difMiss Jordan had to speak louder, morning to you,"began Wiley, who ferent sound when he banged it. She for he was moving away up the aisle should have known better, being city

could tell immediately, even if he between the circulation manager's editor. Madge joined in gayly.

wasn't whistling. They might tease desk and the counter. "I hear they're They all sang—all except Linda. She

Tad for writing a "lovelorn,"and building a bigger post office to handle didn't dare. How silly they were!

editing the woman's page; they your mail, Tad."What a noise they were making!

might call him "Auntie Mae,"by Yes, it was hopeless to try to She laid down her halffinished which name he was known to Newswork after Tad arrived,.. espestory and considered the joy of beHerald readers, but they liked him. cially for Linda. She jerked the ing unreservedly silly. The G, M.

There was a tremor of gaiety the sheet from her machine and proofed pounded on the partition for silence.

moment he arrived. All the "classiit earnestly. Tad raised his eyebrows, regardfied ad girls"leaned forward and He was at the door. He was ing the wall questioningly. "Jumpy

grew pink and waited for him to coming in. Linda didn't raise her nerves?"he asked.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

class argument engulfing the entire

NewsHerald staff. The letter was

signed mysteriously, "Pudge."

Dear Auntie Mae: (the letter said)

I am a modest, womanly woman, but it is unbearably hard for me to wait until HE

TAD LISTENED WITH MOCKING decides what to do about US. He has

YOU DO DEFERENCE. "HOW marriage, principles about silly, stubborn FEELS,"GIRL POOR THINK THAT duties wife's rights and a husband's and a LINDA, HER "HAVING RAGED

WHOLE FUTURE MADE A SCHEME or are they usually called privileges?

INCREASING 'NEWSHER- FOR his pigheaded all that and of In spite

CIRCULATION?'"ALD'I anything than better pride, I love him

have or could ever possess. I have never

seen any real barrier to our happiness which one of us couldn't tear away, and that's what I'd like to do. But I'm afraid.

Do you think, Auntie Mae, that I would jeopardize all my chances of happiness if

I came right out and proposed to him?

The newsroom was skeptical on the results of such unmaidenly boldness. Tad, as always, apposed

% %iSfe % '% everyone else; and—as always, the

Pllllte G. M. sided with Tad. In the end

it largest the second didn't was know up problem the "Auntie Mae"put didn't state. in the daily She for offering a prize readers, to his MiM:jh- '- '-. '::;:.':,:;.;:- 1:;..,',

it daily. a set was golf even know solution: de luxe a best the w from Hires'Sports Inc., if the win-

* 1M* 5l\ Ihe G. M. was harrassed ner should be a man; if a woman,

111 that morning. One linotyper out a formal "model"gown from the

111* * i with flu and Bill Perry down with local Rose Emporium.

mumps, just on the eve of the groundLinda had been furious, not that her to attention office. any for the anyone paid new post Jr breaking with listened though Tad whatever, he roared. had mumps?""Have you

you do deference. "How Linda. "Both mocking gasped "Yes,"

feels,"raged girl \ ) i """.* '-; 'poor nine."think that I was:; 5# ifjr sides—when future whole her "having building Linda, and write you "Can

realty stories?"made a scheme for increasing News-

"I can,"she said. She could do Herald circulation? She wrote to

Madge shook her head. "Dispoanything that morning, four weeks you in sincere desperation, and you

sition."a Roman holiday—you—making

out of her heartbreak!"Linda shivered. Of course the ago."buildingSheanddidrealty"not evenmeant.knowItwhathad

G. M. heard, not that Tad need never occurred to her that post of- "Hear, hear!"Madge had cheered,

worry. Tad could get away with fices had to be built; they just were. adding, "Now, if someone will

anything. Anything! "If this keeps But that was all over now. Bill mop up the tears so I can wade to

up I shall hate him,"but of course, Perry was coming back. the door, I'll go to lunch."

it couldn't keep up. Tomorrow was Last night she had dreamed that The rest laughed uproariously.

Linda's last day on "building and the building editor died, and the Tad grinned and said, "I assure you, realty,"her last day in the news- G. M. gave her the place for her Miss Gray, the contest will be conroom, her last day, in fact, on the very own forever in a long ceremony ducted with proper seriousness."

NewsHerald. The tidy little desk strangely resembling the dedication Now he was sorting the late enwould know her no more. of a new post office. But it turned tries. This into a discard pile, that

Bill Perry, building editor, would out, somehow, that it was Tad who into a meager heap of possibilities be back in his swivel chair and she had died. Her sobs had waked her. for rereading! The job looked endwould be sitting in her dingy She looked up quickly even now toless.

room, thinking of tomorrow and toward Tad's broad back, just to reLinda grew bold. She raised her

morrow. assure herself. head slowly and looked straight at

Never to hear Tad slamming into Tad was opening his morning Tad, a long, full look. Someone

the office any more after tonight mail—an unusually large pile. For had teased her about her green eyes.

unless Bill Perry had a relapse and "Auntie Mae's Advice in Loving "Cat's eyes, green for jealousy. I'm

they called Linda back! But Bill and Living"was one of the most sorry for the man who marries you!"

Perry wouldn't relapse; breaks didn't popular features on the woman's Tad was too interested in his old

come every day like that. Linda page, besieged by Glendora citizens contest to know she was watching.

had been lucky. and nearby ranchers, enthusiasticOr did he know it and feel amused,

One glance she had wasted on ally if anonymously, for everything filing her with Miss Jordan and the

Glendora's business district, its new from divorces to recipes. And today giggling "classified"girls? Linda

civic center and plaza gardens, the Auntie Mae was concluding a conwanted to throw her paste pot at portly stonedfaced hotel, then had test. him. That would wake him up.

stepped straight into the G. M.'s ofIt all came about through a letter He'd jump to his feet and stand,

fice. "I am Linda Gray. I want a received. Treated as a joke at first wondering, while she tossed her

job on the NewsHerald."She did by the newsroom, the problem prehead. "Don't worry,"she'd say.

not know a thing about it then. She sented soon developed into a first {Continued on page 375)

\\ERA"READERS REACH By JOHN D. GILES Field Representative o/ the Y. M. M. 1. A. NEW HIGH FIGURE

Siak&iu and TJtiA&wtiA.

ihsL Qhuuudkl'into m&UL Pwmsidu than, tw&A. b&d&iSL

satisfaction thrills of joy and to our undoubtedly comeNewhave beloved President Heber J. Grant

with the report that again the ranks of

Eta readers have been swelled beyond any previous year. The final check

of the 193940 campaign indicated that more Latterday Saint homes in both stakes and missions are now receiving the monthly visit of the "best missionary in the Church"than ever before.

The foregoing paragraph may appear to many Eta friends much like a transcription year after year, with slight variations. The headlines of campaign

reports have read "Eta Subscriptions

Set New Record."While it may seem

monotonous to some, it is joyous music to thousands of stake and ward Eta directors and their associates who have worked faithfully and well year after year with a missionary zeal that deserves richest commendation. To other

thousands of Eta readers and friends it will be welcome news.

Again, truthfully it can be said that the 193940 Eta campaign was not only the most successful but also one of the most satisfactory campaigns in the fortythree years since President

Grant conducted the first campaign practically singlehanded. Field morale

has been excellent. Enthusiasm has

been widespread and contagious.

Reader interest in our magazine has been high—very high. The missionary

spirit has been dominant. Testimonies

of workers expressing joy and satisfaction in their work have been more numerous.

Now for a brief review of the camNUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS, GROUP "B"paign and some welldeserved tributes Noble, FirstY. M.row,M.CaliforniaI. A. Supervisor.Mission, left to right: President W. Aird Macdonald, Wendell S.

to the leaders and some who were near Second row, Southern States Mission, left to right: President Merrill D. Clayson;

leaders. For years the first name in Eta S."Era"Del Director.Mar Arnell, Y. M. M. I. A. Supervisor; Velma Hill, Y. W. M. I. A. Supervisor and

campaign reports has been Los Angeles. Third row, Salt Lake Stake, left to right: President Wilford A. Beesley; Lincoln F.

The precedent is followed this year Earnshaw,Hanks, SuperintendentY. M. M. I.of A.Y. M."Era"M. I.Director;A.; ArzellaSusieSmith,R. Earnshaw,Y. W. M. Y.I. A.W. President;M. I. A. William"Era"

with the prefix "South"added. South Director; Gwendolyn Bryner, Assistant "Era"Director.

left right: row, Stake, President Fourth Bates, to Parley Ogden Dye; G. A. Samuel last (until year Los Stake AngelesLos

I. President P. of Lula Superintendent; Child, M. A. and acting "Era"M. Y. W.

), has Stake reduced I.Angeles been L. in Y.Director;M. Melvinli A. Y. Merrill Swenson, Director; Bird, M. M. Assistant A. "Era""Era"

size in several reorganization moves in Director.Fifth row, Ensign Stake, left to right: President Winslow F. Smith; George Cannon

Southern California, the latest changes Young, Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Louisa P. Clawson, Y. W. M. I. A., President;

reducing the membership by over four Clarence"Era"Director.Nilson, Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"Director; Bessie Lindsay Jensen, Y. W. M. I. A.

hundred families. Nothing daunted,

the stake presidency mustered the comAll-Church honors in total subscripgroups in percent of homes reached plete stake and ward staffs behind the tions and first place in percent of quota with the Eta.

M. I. A. and determined to make every for all stakes and missions with the exThree groups passed the 1,000 mark

possible effort not only to hold its ception of North Central States Misin subscriptions in the campaign, South leadership but to carry the Eta to each sion. In its own group, South Los Los Angeles Stake with 1,115, Califorof its 1,208 homes. The final subscripAngeles led all stakes and missions in nia Mission with 1,04334and Southern

tion count was 1,115, giving the stake percent of quota and also led both States Mission with 1,029.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

Notable in the final tabulation was the fact that five of the twenty Citation winners this year were missions and that each of the five won Double

Citations. All previous records were

exceeded in mission subscriptions.

North Central Mission has the distinction of exceeding all stakes and missions in its own group and of going beyond even South Los Angeles Stake in the percent of its quota. Its record

sets a new high mark for missions, a record never before reached by any stake or mission excepting South Los

Angeles Stake, which had a better record two years ago.

Credit for the greatest gain over past years goes to Southern States Mission, with an increase well over 300% beyond last year. Only one other mission, California, and one stake, South

Los Angeles, secured more subscriptions. The final score put Southern

States Mission in the exclusive 1,000subscriptions group.

Northern States Mission, appearing for the first time in the Citation group, made an increase which more than doubled its subscriptions over last year.

The final standing shows Northern

States Mission among the highest stakes and missions of the entire

Church.

California Mission, long accustomed to Citation Honors, conducted a splendid campaign. Second highest of all

the groups and highest of all the missions in total subscriptions, California again demonstrated the missionary spirit in an admirable way.

Eastern States Mission for the fourth time becomes a Double Citation winner, an honor shared with very few missions and stakes.

Ceattle Stake made the strongest bid '-'for leadership honors among the newer stakes. It held the lead of the

Church during the entire campaign until the final hours when Long Beach exceeded slightly its total subscriptions. PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA, GROUP "B"

Seattle Stake led all other stakes in its First row, South Los Angeles Stake, left to right: President John M. Iversen, Regional

group in the percent of its quota. CampaignCampaign; Manager;Shari EcclesCharlesWilcox,S. Wood,Y. W.Y.M.M.I. M.A. I.President,A. Superintendent,also AssociateGeneralCampaignManagerManager;"Era"

Los Angeles Stake (formerly HollyNoble Waite, Regional Campaign Manager; George A. Baker, Regional Campaign Manager.

left right: State, row, Los President Angeles G. Edling; to Wilford Second John C. and a consistent conductedwood)

of A.; Superintendent Y. M. M. Leah Wagenen, I. A. President; C. Van M. Y. W.

early inhighly successful I. campaign Director. Jackson, Y. the Dalton,H. Harold M. M. A. I."Era"

left right: to President J. J. Ricks; Rexburg row, Stake, Third Peter Stucki, Wendell its graduallyseason improved and

President; outgoing Archibald, Leona Nelson, posi- Y. A. Superintendent; M. Xenia incoming M. I.

ittion. In stood final tabulation the I. Director; President; A. Smith, Y. Clark, Eugene M. M. Nora "Era"I. A. M. "Era"Y. W.

in second place in percent of quota and Director.Fourth row, Big Horn Stake, left to right: President Archie R. Boyack; Earl Lyman

well up with the leaders of the Church Collins, Superintendent of Y. M. M. I. A.; Elna J. Croft, Y. W. M. I. A. President; Reed

Director; Wilkerson, Thomas, Y. A. Ruby Y. Director. M. M. "Era"W. M. total subscriptions.in

right: left Fifth row, Stake, to President MountI. A.Ogden"Era"Reeder, Jr.; H. I. Ross H. Wm.

Price, Long Beach Stake becomes a four- I. A.; Superintendent, Myrtle M. President Y. M. of McCune, I. A.n; Y. M. W.

time Citation winner as a result of a appointed.)Eugene W. Robinson, Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"Director. (No Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"'Director

vigorous and persistent campaign in the face of some difficulties. With exful Era campaigns as a part of the on the Citation lists, winning this honor

perienced and effective leadership its Maricopa Stake over many years, confor the third time.

traditional honors were fully protected. tinues its representation on the honor Grant Stake scored a great victory

In total subscriptions, Long Beach led list by reaching 170.1% of its quota. even though its name does not appear

all other stakes in its group. The name of Maricopa is missed with on the list of leaders as a Citation

Inglewood Stake, one of the newest, regret. winner. After repeated efforts and

scored Double Honors in its group and Juarez Stake, our representative in several campaigns that almost suctook two places on the Citation lists. Mexico, fulfilled expectations by beceeded, the quota was reached this year

In percent of homes reached, the final coming a Citation winner again and in an enthusiastic and moralebuilding showing indicated effective and earnest taking a prominent place among the campaign that left a large army of workefforts to place "The Era in Every "Leaders of the Church."ers happy and satisfied. A "victory

Home."San Francisco Stake added more social"climaxed the campaign.

Phoenix Stake, traditional in successlaurels to California by placing twice [Continued on page 358)

JhL HORSE THIEF A TRUE SHORT SHORT STORY fortyfive miles distant, with not a drop of water, a house or anything places but desert, By JAMES between these two

P.SHARP heat,snakes.dust,Theyrocks,fedbrush,their horsesand rattlesome

grain while Meredith prepared a meal for them and then headed dying father and would not sell. West.

However he did demonstrate his ability to use them in a really reTEN miles away was Riverbed, a markable manner for even those dry wash that some say was days. He ate a bite of supper and where Sevier River once flowed on

rode away. its way to Salt Lake before the sand

The following afternoon a neighdunes had changed the course of bor's girl rode into town and told that river and caused it to flow south

Father that one of his horses was and form Sevier Lake. Just as the

dead near their home. We investithree men were riding down from

gated and found the horse to be the the east bench they saw a man off the traded father had one horse, night hastily a saddle on his throw * **.5mii-*. SMI—between before. been shot had He possibly away, mount, and speed

Fewstop,of thein youngtheir madpeoplerushof totodayget thevealedeyes.thatFurtherthe horseinvestigationFather hadreone-quarterWhat a raceof aandmilewhatfroma racethem.track

the missing from traded for was anywhere, somewhere, and floor with nowhere as a barn—level gathered pasture. Neighbors the horse in record time, to think ofback Mountains before to hide Dugway

trials and hardships our parents enaround and finally picked up the were reached, ten miles away! The

countered almost daily when they horse tracks, for that animal was sun was just topping Indian Mounbegan to make the West a fit place shod with peculiarly shaped shoes, tain when the race began. Mile

in which we, their children, can live heading west, back towards the after mile it continued with little and enjoy ourselves so few years desert and Nevada. change in position, but finally Simlater. Father was bishop of the ward and pers, on a longlegged, rangy horse,

They had no government relief took care of things ecclesiastical. began to draw away from the other

agencies to fall back upon. It was Adam Sharp, "Uncle Adam"to all, two. When possibly two hundred

succeed or go hungry and many a always took charge of temporal yards behind the hoxse thief, that meal those pioneers ate at which we things and horsestealing was conman turned in his saddle and fired would turn our noses up today. sidered almost equal to murder, so he one shot. No damage was done,

Those were minute men and ready was the one to give orders now. He but Simpers decided he needed comfor any and all emergencies that selected father (John C. Sharp), S. pany, so dropped back.

arose as the following will show. H. Bennion, and Dan Simpers, and The race was beginning to tell

The writer, then a lad of eight, said, "Horsestealing is a mighty on the sorrel. It was faltering and

well remembers the incidents of this serious offence. Bring that man back the others gained rapidly. Now

story, for he was there at the begindead or alive, but bring him back."when the road reaches Dugway it

ning and ending and heard the rest The sun was just setting as the makes a sort of horseshoe bend, posof the story when the men returned. three men rode away. Lookout, sibly half mile around, and comes

A lone horseman rode into the eight miles distant, was where back a scant two hundred yards town of Vernon, Tooele County, Horace Rockwell had a sort of a above the road. This the three men

one summer afternoon in the year trading post and where he piped the knew and hoped the fleeing man did 1885. He told his story which in water down from a spring to his not. He kept on the road. Whilebrief was—a long ride from Necabin. This water he sold to all two followed, Father took the shortvada—a sick mother in Salt Lake travelers, except those who passed cut, riding his horse up the steep hill,City—a legweary horse which he in the night and stole what they through the rocks and brush as fast

wished to trade for a fresh one so he needed. He had not seen the man as the animal could run. Just before

could continue his journey. pass but had heard someone waterhe reached the road, he jumped off

His horse was a finelooking ing a horse sometime during the and hid behind a large rock. He

sorrel that showed plainly the efnight. Simpson Springs, twenty could see the three coming up the

fects of a long, hard ride. Father miles farther, was the next water. road, the sorrel completely winded.

offered him the pick of saddle aniThey arrived there shortly after midHe saw the thief draw one revolver,mals in the horse pasture for the one night. After a careful search of turn in his saddle and then—"Surhe rode. He wanted boot so he the stable without finding the horse render, in the name of the law!"

would have a few dollars with which there they were looking for they Taken completely by surprise, the to purchase medicine for his sick awoke Ed Meredith, who maintained thief turned in his saddle only to find mother. Finally a trade was made a feed stable and place where travelhimself looking right into the busiand father gave $30.00 gold and ers could get something to eat and ness end of a pistol sticking over a

turned the new horse in the pasture. a place to sleep. He was surprised large rock. Automatically up went

Now this stranger had two very to learn the man had left, for he had two hands as the tired horse came fine revolvers which father tried to been there when they went to bed to a stop. Up came the other two

purchase, but the man claimed they at 10 p. m. men, Simpers swinging a wide loop

had been a present to him from his The next water was Fish Springs, (Concluded on page 372) \\DITCH CREDIT //

f eavitt, Alberta, Saints dig ten

MILES OF CANAL THE COMMUNITY WAY AND STAY OUT OF DEBT.

Toosufferingmany todryLeavitt,years Alberta,brought By WILLIAM MULDER farmers: crops were light

sometimes they failed completely Disin the Saints Mountain View livestock at sacrificed toand had trict accomplishing. were The sales. asforced Only bewater—an undertaking, with Mountain Viewsured of quicken supply it—would thirtyfive acres of water hundred

life to bloodlessthe bring sod and district irrigation right, the only wasthe certainty the to of harvest landthe the province wheretroubled water in community. That held the titles no had owners andwould have to come from someLeavitt to pay. debentures memberswhere, have and somehow would

for their the one do to would same thebe stored. need There was

and the problem. So members of hundred quarter sections of land and

the Leavitt Ward became irrigation watercombinedright.four thousand acres ofconscious.

That was in 1932. As far as the "Rirst sod was broken on July 28,

Rocky Mountains, waterstorage 1939, and work continued for a possibilities were investigated. And short time with but few men, to stop

in the meantime it was learned that altogether during the haying and the forces of the dominion's "Prairie harvesting season. Autumn was long

Farm Rehabilitation Act"(the and open, however, and the outfit of

P. F. R. A. ) could be put to work for from fifty to sixty men and about

Leavitt. In 1 934, the Leavitt Irrigaone hundred horses dug ten miles of

tion District was accordingly organcanal during October and Novemized, a board of trustees elected, and ber. Work worth about seven thou-

a sum of thirty thousand dollars sand dollars, contractor's estimate, granted for irrigation purposes. was accomplished with very little

But irrigation waters are sluggish. cash outlay, with the exception of

It was 1939 before these efforts expenditures for bridges, spillway gained momentum. In that year, structures, and equipment. Laborthe P. F. R. A. expended for the ers received "ditch credit"for work

two districts of Leavitt and Moundone, which accrued to their land.

tain View ( another Mormon irriga- A secondary community project tion scheme already in operation) grew out of the irrigation scheme:

some seventy thousand dollars in to keep down expenditures, a special constructing three storage dams and timber permit was sought and grantin bringing the main canal from the ed by the provincial government alBelly River to the edge of the Leavitt lowing people in the district to cut

District. To bring the water into timber for bridges and spillways and

the district and complete the project drops in the canal and for farm at further government expense, building construction as well. When

which seemed the easy thing to do, winter forced plow and scraper to W meant, however, forfeiture on the lie idle, men plied the saw.

part of the Leavitt residents of the (Concluded on page 365) titles to their land. Without federal 1. Latterday(Photographs,Saints readingin the downLeavittfromWard,top.) Alberta,

help, completion of the scheme Canada,land to acceptthoughtgovernmenttoo much aidof inthethetitlesconstructionto their irrigation for of an canal surplus bringing waters cost thethroughout district would

Belly River lands. their to thirsty from the They

thirtyfive additionalan thousand thought enough other of each comto join in a dollars. Money could be borrowed timbermunity forproject;bridgestheyandbuiltspillways,ten mileskeptof canal,the titlescut

by bonding the district, and the titles to their lands, and emerged bondand debtfree.

would remain free, but that raised 2. Surveying the tenmile course.

the spectre of debt. To the inde- 3. Fourhorseyears. teams break the stubborn grip of dry

pendent Leavitt owners, another 4. With plow...

... volunteer workers set toplan suggested itself which would 5. Andwith witha will.scraper

enthrall neither their lands nor their 6. Haying and harvesting over, the sickle gives place

as project takes the shape. the spade to selfhelp plan as a Mor<-incomes—a

is winter months, cut and sawed timber 7. During community.mon incibridges into for spillways: an lumber and

For such a scheme there was S. dental"There'scommunitya long, longproject.trail a-winding..."Sixty

ample precedent in Church history, men and one hundred horses work a long, open and immediate example in what the autumn to bring water to parched sod.

THE COMMON SOURCE OF VI. THE IMMORTALITY OF MAN

"QnbdliqswoL Zl sdoAnoL and, sixi&tA.

is hope no human is in thatTherestronger than which the breast of each of us to con-—Joseph Smith.

tinue to live. Mankind, being a ra-

"is a spirit from age to age,"tional creature, has faith that there BY Man is a continuation of life hereafter in i. e., "an5 entity, a person, an indibeautiful inconceivable vidual."a even world more "It is now and MILTON R.HUNTER,Ph.D.

earth. thisglorious that of matter than should a particle To exist

eternally is his dream. Associate, L. D. S. Institute of either come into existence or lapse

History affirms that a belief in the Religion, Logan, Utah into nonexistence."What exists

immortality of man has always been now has always existed in some form universally accepted. From the savor another, and will continue to exist

ages of the jungles to the most highly eternally. "All spirit is matter,"and

civilized nations, men have mainhad a firm conviction that life is it is also selfenduring. 8

tained that, although death overtake eternal, but had a comprehensive Life, intelligence, mind, the "light them, they shall live on eternally. philosophy of the immortality of of truth,"or whatever name one

This concept has been one of the man. Shortly before the Prophet's gives to the center of the personality

in a masterful expounded death, he in is forces motivating uncreated, dynamicmost of an man, 7 of philosophy the sermon Mormon the thatreligious entity. thought from indestructible and action "He—forselfexistent, a teachprogressive-eternalism. "As until is is eternal the earth as of entityadvent a person... upon man

his career of the climax reached er he in is; fact, It has with day. been the coexistent,the present God

it there was After discourse. this in theological of substance which center around of thevery same kind God;

creeds have been constructed. Somebut one thing more he could door essence with deity, though conhis with testimony sea! his intelliin nature in of rooted degreething inferior deeply blood. fessedly human

8 three months in less than feel that of he is This to God."mankindcauses The gence and power he3 didcomposed of eternal substance-—later."Lord called this eternal entity an

that he will live forever. In the Quoting directly from the Proph- "intelligence,"which quality is its

words of M. Lynn Bennion: et's discourse: chief characteristic. "Man was also

upon, dwell to subject Intellianother I in have with beginning God. the with point to carry a wants God "When

.. is It exalt man; to is calculated which not truth, light plants of writer, was or gence, the children,"says oneHis "He resurrecthe of subject the with associated it instincts."This, in their argumentsHis can neither indeed made, created or the the of tion soul—the. 9 dead—namely, is recognized to when Jesus me, whatseems

spirit. be."Where immortal of mind in issue of immortality man—the the describedHe and learned men All it from? verities did come revealed Divine were by statesuggestive but simple singularlythat

it created that divinity God say of doctors I told it so, relathe "If have to not the would were Prophet Lordment, Joseph very the so: it is not but beginning; the in the statements Master theseyou."By tive eternal several of to the stages I do estimation. in lessens idea my man perthe in confidence place to oursought first of better. I of progression man. doctrine; The know the believe not dognot personality,sistence of upon some

for world; the God all of it, ends ye selfexist- a these Hear he was was when inthe deepest utterance, but uponmatic

... so; told has me instinct, in thestinct intelligence. of humanity, ing which person an termed

is Himself God say is We than far knowlbetter analysis,last head individual that In each stage was told so? told you being. a Whoselfexist- ent thatWhoedge.1 the selfconscious. like in manner must have exist not did "He that man you

upon the same principles? Man does exist power to distinguish himself from

. chilmajority the of principles. While God's the same upon 'not 'me'the other from things—the intelligence the.. which or their faith mind place ofdren The and hope deliberman me.'of have must power He is [coeternal] with coequal God possesses feeling,immortality of a upon few ation, sets over one which he true; is by that Himself. I know my testimony elect definiteHis have knowlhad I mourners, to talk these what hence, another; against thing when with power

life reality the of after of aedge friends relatives lost? Their and they have this that or to also judgment a form

for their bodies separated from only are everen- of deathtemporal the and is state thing than better or that a existed spirits their which season: short a 10 qualities personalduring of human this short, that."In must he or of left tabernacle clay the have with Godity. their received informaHaving it little were, as and for moment, a only of the choosing one have power

revelation,tion those divine through they conin exist place where a they now acting another thing instead of and the as do the on together same weindividuals or verse can with say Jacob, that In as choice. realm, that upon earth. I thatwith "Wherefore Job, know all exother of stages immortal the in dwelling the immortality of on I am flesh that our waste mustye know it spirit evil, Is that logical of to the istence, law, man. natural say and good

die; nevertheless, in our andaway is spirits intelligence of immortal, yet and

2 ci'f.. 354. 6Roberts, op. it intelligence that beginning? had a shall The seebodies God."we

131:7; Section 93:33; 6Doctrine Covenants, and it spirits will neither of beginning, had no the cit., In contains 29:3134; 350356, Smith, op. as of the Lord, such holy men The

... end. have an quotations various aufootnotes excellent from some Smith,the Prophet beloved Joseph indestructible. thorities being matter's is on exists Intelligence eternal a and upon

who understood the unseen world selfexistent principle. It is a spirit from 7Smith, ibid., 342360; Doctrine and Covenants,

2324; 93:2933, Roberts, Section Course Seventy's 36, is to age, about and there no creation age veil only the not of mortality,beyond 7-32. Year, in 1908), (Second Theology. it.4

Era. 8Roberts, of "Immortality Improvement Man,"Immortality,"of Challenge Bennion, Lynn XM. "The

April, 401423. City, 1907.) (Salt Lake cited Fielding Smith, X:406. City, (Salt 'Brigham Lake in Joseph H. Roberts, Religious Education, IV:6Week Day

March, 1940). Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, 356. 9Doctrine and Covenants, Section 93:29.

2Book of Mormon, 2 Nephi 9:4; Job 19:2526. *Smith, ibid., 352355. "Roberts, Era, op. cit., 407.

RELIGIOUS TRUTH

Abraham knew that God's children the soul came when Jesus the Christ lived in the premortal world and rose from the dead and appeared to that they were eternal. He was many of the faithful among the Jews,

shown in vision the spirit world and to the multitude in the Nephite nathe intelligences which had been ortion, and, last of all, to Joseph Smith, ganized into spirit beings before this the American Prophet. In 1832, the

world was created. latter testified that the Savior still

Among all these there were many of the lives.

noble and great ones. For we saw him, even on the right hand

And God saw these souls that they were of God, and we heard the voice bearing of the stood in midst good, and he them, record that he is the Only Begotten of the rulers; I will said: he These make and my Father. 17

for he stood among those that were spirits, he that good; and he they were and saw resurrection the possible by Made art of one said thou unto Abraham, me:

arise shall of Galilee, the of we Man before wast thou them; thou chosen wast

13 receive the glory grave the born. and from

which we merit. Even now AbraThe Lord also said to Abraham ham, Isaac, and Jacob "have entered

... and sit If there be two spirits, and one shall into their exaltation

angels are not these thrones, intelligent yet and than the other, upon be more is spirits, one notwithstanding two evidence Definite are gods."18 more but

beginning; the other, intelligent than no have

shall before, they have no end, is given in the New Testament to the they existed they shall exist after, for they are gnolaum, effect that many of the saints of old or eternal.1* who had passed beyond the veil

time of the from arose the grave19 at Following his stay in the spirit of resurrection. Book The Christ's

world, man comes on earth in a proMormon record relates that a similar bationary state preparatory to the experience occurred in distant eternal existence beyond the veil. America. 20 Modern revelation also

Eventually, however, mortal death testifies to the immortality of man by comes upon all. The eternal spirit affirming that Moroni, John the Bapgoes to paradise to await resurrectist, Moses, Elijah, Elias, and others

tion and judgment. In due time, all who lived during the distant past

will rise from the grave and stand appeared to the Mormon Prophet.

before the judgment seat of Jesus beings immortal These brought shall assigned they be Christ. There error, truth hate, and and love and the the from unseen keys of world merited that they have glory to the all exist. are free agency They instructed Priesthood Joseph and lives they that have the to according with closely connected eternal and relative to salvation the for Smith the in mortality and lived while ladthe as ascends immortal he man doctrine blessed dead. of the Thus 11 upthat wrought have they changes progression. der of its the immortality of reaches man paradise. in while characters their on dwelt in realm next culminating where point temple man The work telestial glory; receive will Some to spirit living for According world. salvation the the the both and was those terrestrial; while who others, intelliself-existing In concept the dead. the of Lord House Mormon of book in "the Lamb's recorded are spiritwith clothed effected various sealings gences the are were by glory. celestial There will enter life"

their Eterof in Spirit the mansion to bodies of promise"endure "Holy gods; will become of them some likeness of In eternally. the Parents. sealings nal God the are These others, kings; 21 priests and and others,

all spiritchildren were principles. these Himself, of capstone Gospel

angels. eternal, divine, possessing organized, religions the that All teach docof glory of the degree Regardless inherited attributes, godlike and trine the of immortality of have man attains, personto which human one the parents. In their heavenly from of divine fountain the of sipped of persist. will the ality In words F. Smith President Joseph of words or truth. they be pagan Whether followprophet, the Nephite Jacob, his counselors: and kin- a beliefs their have Christian, in- "all resurrection ing become men

of doctrine The father verities to revealed to preexistence-—revealed the ship they immortal, corruptible and and latter in particularly plainly, so 15 scripthe of In the words Adam. the souls."added living Abinadi otherthe are light of upondays—pours flood wonderful a

wise mysterious problem of man's origin. following thought: ture:

It shows that man, as a spirit, was begotten Even this mortal shall put on immortality, I, the Lord God, gave unto Adam and and born of heavenly parents, and reared and this corruption shall put on incorrupunto his seed, that they should not die as to maturity in the eternal mansions of the tion.... If they [personal beings] be to the temporal death, until I, the Lord

Father, prior to coming upon the earth in good, to the resurrection of endless life and God, should send forth angels to declare temporal a redemption, and if they and repentance be evil, to the resurunto them body12 to undergo an experience happiness;

in mortality. of rection of endless faith damnation.16 mine Only through on the name

Four thousand years ago, father The most convincing evidence (Continued on page 373)

Doctrine 2 Nephi 2:1-30; uBook of Mormon, and Covenants, Section 76:2224. and given to man of the immortality of 17Doctrine

Covenants, 29:3435; Section 88:5-30; 130:2021; 18Ibid 132:37.

132:5; John A. Widtsoe, Rational Theology, 1-44. K!Pearl of Great Price, Abraham 4:2223. "Matthew 27:5253.

23:9-10. 3 Nephi of Mormon. 20Book F. Smith, R. Winder, John Anthon Joseph 3:18. H. Ibid 124: 132:1-66; Section Covenants, and of Origin Lund, XIII: Man,"Improvement "The Era 13Book of 1 15:29; Smith, Corinthians 128; Mormon, 2 Nephi 9:13. 2541;21Doctrine 127:5-12; (Salt City, Lake 80 1909); Widtsoe. November,

op. cit., 27, 6465. laIbid., Mosiah 16:1011. op. cit., 356, 362363.

BISHOP SPEAKS A

By JAMES H.CLAWSON

Bishop of Queen Anne Ward, missionary work. After all, the call

Seattle Stake to the Home Missionary service is usually for a limited time and it concluded long ago that such a plan, should therefore be an exclusive while noble in principle, is ineffecassignment. Any other policy would

tive and almost bound to come to result in both jobs being poorly and in Bring done. unsatisfactorily new inactive too, grief. choosing So, of Missionproblem Home superwork, for the people home for Missionary work members HomeThis aries well discussed might be them. vise, instruct ward The and failure: one, of chances has two divisions: main under two for weakened be organizations may inactive not that the member may first, I callthe theoretical the should will workpeople be time, but a more "active,"two, really and, become ideal point the plan; ofor or view release the of ing. the After Home misnot a good that make he may Isecond, the designate should as will be then Missionaries, the ward is first contingency sionary. Thepractical plan. the operation of material live, capable with blessed it serious, for be the borne must more

I find ideal to the Turning plan existto the strengthen add to and are in Missionaries that mind Homethat the further subject conbe may people organizations. ing More responsibility. their largely on ownveniently into logically divided and of success the will and working be is to less superopportunity Therefive subdivisions: major greater. just that much the ward individuals vise than them coach and should: bishop The

less in organizations even or ward

Ill 1. capable MissionRecommend Home Missionaries. than "Foreign"

aries. 2. Release Home Missionaries from all The Home Missionary is a vital TThe call of Home Missionaries to

other assignments. contact. So vital in fact that only serve should be treated just as a

3. Accord Home Missionaries the same the best men in our wards should be regular call to a foreign mission.

recognition Missionaries. as "Foreign"

4. Provide opportunity an and an apentrusted with the work. In every There have been instances where

propriate occasion for reports of labor upon home they enter, they are the Home Missionaries have been called the release of the Home Missionaries. Church. By them it will be judged. and have served without the mem-

5. Place the Home Missionaries again Moreover, the type of people met bers of their own wards being aware

into active service upon their release. will often be critical and skeptical. of their special labors. This clearly

Let us consider these topics in the Surely, then, out on the frontier or is not as it should be.

above order. firing line should go our veteran It is just good psychology, or good

"troops"and not our raw recruits. management, on the part of the

I The Home Missionaries, in brief, bishopric to give full recognition to

There is a tendency to select as should be forceful, capable, and arthose who are called and who perHome Missionaries individuals who dent members who are ( 1 ) regular form faithful service in any field, and are at present inactive or "indifattenders at Church, (2) tithepaythis particularly applies to the Home ferent."The reason for this is quite ers, (3) observers of the Word of Missionary work.

plain because live, enthusiastic memWisdom, and (4) prayerful and It would be entirely appropriate bers are already actively engaged in faithful in their other obligations. to have a farewell party for those

some kind of Church work and when The bishopric of a ward should called to the home mission. Or, it

additional workers are needed we sit down with a list of the members might be more fitting to hold a testiturn to the "fringe"of our wards for of the Priesthood in the ward. From monial meeting in their behalf wherethe new material. Economists use this list should be selected, without in a whole Sacrament meeting would

the term "marginal"for these workregard to their present duties, the be devoted to testimonials to the ers, meaning, substantially, that they men to be recommended to the stake individuals and their work.

can be used only when no better mapresidency as Home Missionaries. Their call and being set apart

terial is available. "He's all right,"Immediately thereafter a canvass should be a matter of seriousness

is the way the head of one organizashould be made of inactive or partly and with formality befitting our tion expressed it when such a "maractive members from which to make more sacred ordinations and callings.

ginal"individual was assigned to replacements of the men thus called In many, if not in the majority, of him to fill an extremely minor posito do missionary work. wards now, a bulletin board or

tion. all if right, "Yes, because he scroll placed in a conspicuhas been

II let better wouldn'twere you any me chapel. in the ous place On it is

have him and if he were any worse The individuals selected as Home mounted a picture of every member he'd be a total zero."Missionaries should obviously be reof the ward who has served on a

Taking inactive and indifferent leased from all ward and stake dumission and a suitable placard atindividuals for assignment as Home ties. They cannot possibly do justached shows the name of the misMissionaries is like marrying a man tice to both jobs, and in fact, should sionary, date of call and return, and

to reform him. Most women have spend every bit of available time on (Concluded on page 371

SEVENTEEN PINTOS

old Chief Sunhis fire in silence for quite awhileinthe-FaceW.henput away his tomahawk before giving his answer. Finally

and eagleplumed warbonnet and he looked up and spoke slowly.

laid himself down in the deep sleep "Young men, I do not wish to find of death, his three sons fell heir to fault with your father, but the truth a perplexing problem to solve, along is, it is impossible to divide sevenwith the rest of their father's beteen horses into two equal parts.

quests. In fact, the riddle seemed Now, as you know, I am a poor man

impossible to fathom. It was worse and have only one old swaybacked

than a Cherokee crossword puzzle buckskin horse to ride, but I'll give in the signlanguage. my only horse to you; and with

Now, before passing on, Chief eighteen horses you'll have no difSun-inthe-Face had made a stipulaficulty in carrying out the will of tion that his favorite ponies should your father."

be divided among his three sons in A little ashamed of themselves the following way: Onehalf of the A SHORT the three brothers at first refused

ponies were to be allotted to his eldSHORT to accept the old man's horse, but est son, Charley Horse; onethird STORY by finally he persuaded them to do so.

of the herd were to be given to the "It's true,"old Stickin-theMud son, Crickets;second and Knee Jim

oneninth of the bunch were to go JOHN SHERMAN WALKER veryadmitted,useful"thatto me,thebutoldif ithorsecan servewas to the youngest son, John Long the better purpose of restoring peace

Corn. in the tribe, why, take it and welfine for with boys, the That was will the Almighty come. Manitou half; that other the be have would chief'sthe ponies best the ones were it if it."wills restore to he so me, divide nine ponies. can you Thenin that of pretthe neck woods—all rest the two."between youtily pintos. swiftrunning marked, praisgrateful and Very call fair?"that protested you "DoAfter the the rounding up bunch the the old of man, the ing wisdom getting other the two. "You're most inthree sons to huddle a went make the brothers three with departed

it is. sure, as of the ponies be To divisionthe proper horses. the of horse. decrepit buckskin And now to half be a no good would pony after counting theBut over herd the in trouble dividing they had no getus, you're of long as as but anytwice, son, oldest the Charley, in ponies accordof eighteen herd of ting part the the greater herd his scalpscratched looked over and will. father's their with ance ponies eight take and anyway, your hisat in brothers, they, turn, and half of the took Charley Horse half leave to us."thetried calculations quick with some ponies. or herd, nine Knee Jim

all of the Indian signs from Piute to "Why should I do that?"retorted Crickets took his onethird share, or

Pawnee. Charley Horse. "I only want to six ponies. And John Long Corn

It was no use. There were sevobey our good father; and he left me took the ninth part, or two ponies.

enteen ponies and the only way you onehalf of the whole bunch."Very well satisfied, the brothers each

could divide seventeen ponies among The argument grew hotter and led his string of ponies out of the three braves in the way their old hotter, nearly ending in a freefor-all corral. But suddenly Charley

father had stipulated was with a fight, until the eldest brother, sensing Horse stopped short and exclaimed:

knife.hunting his chief responsibility of as a new I'll "Well, be words jinxed!"—or "Ugh!"tribe, silence grunted Charley Horse, the to held up his hand lingo. to in that effect Indian

at last. "Maybe I'm wrong, but onehis brothers. At the words the other brothers

half of seventeen makes eight and a "We must not quarrel in this way, turned and looked back and saw in half. We're not going to cut a pony my brothers,"he said sternly. "I'll amazement that old Stickin-thein half."tell you what. Let's go to old StickMud's swaybacked horse was still

"That's not the half of it,"exin-theMud, the medicine man. standing in the corral.

claimed the second brother, "For We'll tell him of our difficulty and "Hey, who forgot to take a pony?"

onethird of seventeen makes five then let him decide how we shall setasked the eldest brother.

and twothirds. It's even harder to tle our problem.""I have two,"said John Long

cut a pony into thirds than into The other brothers agreed at once, Corn.

halves."for old Stickin-theMud was a wise "I have my six,"said Jim Knee

The youngest brother was mumand just man and it was known in Crickets.

bling something, for oneninth of the tribe that this ancient one had "And I have my nine,"added seventeen only made the mixup the gift of secondsight and had perCharley Horse. "How come? We

worse. formed many a miracle in his life. each have our right number of

"Well,"said the eldest brother, So to the medicineman they went ponies and yet there's old Stickin- "half a pony would be no good to with their trouble. theMud's horse left over."

anyone. See here, why not let me Old Stickin-theMud sat before {Concluded on page 370)

3bt&L oflL iksL TOTEM POLES By JAMES MONTAGNES

A few Indian villages on the some of which date back over a hunINwest coast of Canada and the dred years.

lower part of Alaska, totem poles Many of the totem poles now stand again. These weirdly carved standing would have decayed had

monuments to the social standing they not been treated, as the Indians and achievements of a dying race seldom repaired poles which fell of Indians are no longer being raided down. Such repairs and reerecting

for museums and parks in distant would have necessitated customs as cities, but are being restored and ceremonious as the original erection preserved in their original settings of the pole. Therefore they were

through the latest scientific means allowed to decay on the ground, and by both the United States and sometimes even be cut for firewood.

Canadian governments. As the natives moved from their

The larger of the totem poles primitive homes to more modern range over sixty feet in height, and dwellings in recent years, their like all poles were carved from single totem poles were left neglected, and trees. To preserve them, they have only the action of the government

been taken down by government has preserved these heraldic emscientists, and have been treated and blems.

strengthened where necessary, beIn deserted Indian villages and fore being raised again. Indians graveyards other weirdly carved

familiar with the coloring used on poles have been found in recent the poles have repainted numbers of years. Totem poles alone did not

them, another means of preserving constitute all the carving of these these last monuments to the dead, western Indians, for often doorONE OF THE FINEST TOTEM POLES

WAS FOUND IN A HAIDA INDIAN VILLAGE ON THE WEST COAST OF BRITISH COLUMBIA. IT NOW

STANDS IN JASPER, JASPER NATIONAL PARK, ALBERTA, CANADA.

TOTEM POLES OF WRANGEL, ALASKA, WHICH HAVE TREES SPROUTING FROM THE DECAYING WOOD.

posts, archways, and house supports were carved with symbolical emblems of animals and departed natives.

Every totem pole has a story, and deciphering these emblems has been a difficult task, as the old folk who were once engaged in carving the poles have nearly all died. Each

pole tells the story of the departed

Indian and that of his ancestors by means of symbols, just as the nobility of Europe have their history on their coatsof-arms or other heraldic devices.

MINISCULE FABRIC OF SONG COMMON THINGS

By Frances Hall By Inez Clark Thorson By Lydia Hall

ENCHANTMENT lies Weaver In things so small: A fabricof song,that fadesare youwithweavingthe day? Hergold,days were splashed with rainbow

In fern dewfurred Then take the bright silver of laughter For she saw lilac buds unfold,

And cricket call; That dies when the dawnclouds are gray. And drank with rapture the delight

In wild bright eyes Of stars that diadem the night.

Behind a leaf Weaver of song, will your fabric

And sunset skies Withstand the sharp teeth of the years? Life was to her adventurous,

In a narrow pool; Then take the pure gold of your sorrow And earth was full of loveliness,

In one clear word And fashion its warp of your tears. For she found joy in common things:

Remembered, brief In the rain or a robin's wings.

And the shadow cool Of a passing grief. IN THE GARDEN AT DUSK

STRANGE In clover seed By Kathvya Kendall

And kittens'sighs By Helen McMahan a child's good And deed I walkAnd beholdin the ingardenthe beautyagain ofat flowersdusk Strange is the crimson lies. Enchantment

The work of an Artist's hand and mind That mantles the sky;

WORDS FOR A GRADUATING Through the day's unfolded hours. StrangeWhere theis thelily poolpads lie. CLASS

I feel the of loving touch His hand is the scent of Strange Grant Redford H. By In caressing the brow, wind my of attar musk; of the the leaf appletree, The the In shape on of not easy ask Thee the are Strange sounds the of willowbough. the bend things, And Struggle. at forest of dusk. In the Giver ModernWEO

handholds ask only deepsetWe is the cloudship strategic cornerOn the the moon; stone. WhileI walk thein thewakinggardenstarsagainimpartat dusk ThatStrangeshadows

Then grant us sinewed arms and back His wonderful love, far greater than I Strange are the wraiths

And calm eyes steeledged with vision. Can sense in my earthbound heart. That invade the lagoon.

Grant us deep earth's strength for courage,

Cool dawns to mist away our fears. Strange is the portent

INSPIRER OF MEN Of petrels at sea;

feel sure the for some needWe wrongs. to ageold banish might act, By Oscar A. Kivkham ButIs yourstrangestlove forof allme.Some

. to goal guide us, high a clear,Grant in the of best deep me strong, handwell-placed DOWN then someAnd

feel thee. kinship with a NIGHTTIME LULLABY holds.

I toil fight days and So manyI m Clark Fox By Luacine flight! heavenward peace and Now HERITAGE

By Gertrude Perry Stanton Just stone against a naked sky, Hush, baby dear... and go to sleep..

soon! coming sandman's The stand me, ask and "Why?"you gifts I for son: Nobly are the covet myTHESE silver of misty dreams With stress borne, you've storm For and always

heart, that often cheerful more one A he's the captured from That first moon... the greet are to morn. Yet you

finds tiny of stardust ones And

Cause for rejoicing rather than lament; So, thanks, and on my way I'll go; That he's trailed across the sky...

A talent and desire for making friends, New faith and courage within me grow. The gentle swish of ocean waves,

That in dark days he need not stand alone; Down in the valley I'll toil again. The night bird's haunting cry...

life, of cleanly record a cleanThe lived; Grand Teton—inspirer of men.

build, idly to destroy; not wish toThe Spangled dreams of gold and pearl

Appreciation of fair play and truth, and still With moonbeams glinting through...

The charity of human brotherhood, All kinds of lovely baby dreams,

Knowing that each one has his weaker hour He's gathered just for you.

When dark temptations strike with subtle force; So, hush, baby dear, and close your eyes;

within, for deep a reverenceAnd very sandman's near good, The recognition of divine. its sourceWith from happy dreams With Slumber Land

Father, I pray Thee, help my life to be To give to baby dear..

heritage.Foundation for this goodly SOMETHING NEW DID BECAUSE YOU

By Elaine Jensen By Cornelia Kinder

I found this morning: new Something I have a boy When in gold. washed A day all I will), I pray (And God

I'll build him a home Let me wing into her beauty

At the foot of a hill, Before she grows too old.

The shadows soon will gray her hair;.

With To darkness she will yield;

Tall pines, But now she's young and daring

Fresh air, Her beauty to reveal.

Green sod, Bird songs, She scattered sunshine at my door

And God. And fanned the lilac bloom;

She fashioned children's laughter

Because Upon a fairy loom.

When you had a boy She fingered with her loving care

In line with your will, The blades of tender green;

You made him a home When she is taken unawareAt the foot of a hill. God, keep this day I've seen.

IowlOu PRESIDENT GRANT NEW HEAD NAMED FOR DAUGHTER OF BRIGHAM

RETURNS HOME SAMOAN MISSION YOUNG HEARD ON

BROADCAST NATIONAL of thirtyfive at valleys the sight of "the of nearly absence I Tappy an A fter Mabel Young special invitation, *"* Dy Salt expressing years, A the mountains"Emery, and Wilford W. surviving 77, one of three *-* Sanborn, vigor, Riverside health gratitude patriarch Stake for restored and Lake and and heard was Young, of Brigham daughters the of to bishop former returned Twentyninth President Grant Heber J. Heatter's Gabriel 5, on "We March Iswill return to three the after 28, April City Ward, on Samoan Salt Lake feature program, People"the CBS as lands in mission president. reCalifornia served spent southern months He City. in originating York weekly New first 1905. there mission illness. to from a 1902 covering from unexpected an

trip the from Sanborn, made who Mrs. age, his of years eightythreeDespite

personal a plane, gave Salt Lake by is get impatient to tohe back work, family. father's life in of her account solicitousbut membership a Church

detail its intimate and for story, Her willingly his from persuade himwould well delivery, very sympathetic was daily rigorous longcustomary and the listeners throughout received byroutine. It will time yet before be some the at studio in the Guests country. as as he attempts to much work do Elder Josbroadcast were of the time isbefore, frequently found although he of Council of the Smith Fielding eph his officeat at the of place customary

President Frank Evans and Twelvethe First Presidency. the

Mission. States Eastern of the

STAKE PRESIDENCY HAS NEW MEXICO ERECTSLONG SERVICE RECORD MONUMENT TO MORMON "O eorganization of the Star Valley BATTALION ** Stake Presidency on March 24 saw GILBERT R. TINGEY WILFORD W. EMERY /Constructed of colored, mineralline the record stones found along of completion an unusualthe bearing

release, shaft honof their service. time a twentytwo-foot march, of He succeeds President Gilbert R. Tinof At the

President Clarence Gardner and his gey, who with his wife has served in oring the Mormon Battalion is being counselors, Arthur F. Burton and AlSamoa during the past three years. constructed for dedication en Memexperience President Emery, whose continuously 30, 85 in Highway served onbert orial Day, Barrus, had May

five years as School a Sunday thirtytwo point at a of twenincludes since Mexico, a period 1913,together New executive, twentyfive half a and years. and thirty north of Albuquerque years milestyseven

five patribishop, years as stake and over as preside to of miles south Santa Fe. The event, appointed Newly

arch, for to sail plans the islands aboard and cooperating Church S. Papplanned President Roylethe stake are by

worth and counselors Carl Robinson the iSS Mariposa on July 23. He will state committees, formed part of New

accompanied CuartoCentennial by his wife, Hannahbel Mexico's Coronado Wallace Ralphand J. Gardbe J. Hyer. Emery. Newman this year. being celebrated stake clerk. as retainedner was

CHURCH LEADERS TAKE Elder Charles A. Callis of the of the CouncilPART IN SCOUT MEET Twelve, Presiding Bishop

Richards, At the invitation of the National LeGrandPresident Ralph Woolley** Council of the Boy Scouts of of the Oahu Stake at andthe

America, President J. Reuben Clark, groundbreakinglulu. in HonoJr., addressed the council's thirtieth annual meeting May 9, in Oklahoma City,

Oklahoma. President Clark spoke on

"Achieving Democracy, Scouting's

Opportunity."

Also attending the annual meeting were Elder George Albert Smith of the

Council of the Twelve, and a member of the Regional Executive Committee of Region Twelve; George Q. Morris, MothersLower ofright:the HawaiianSinging

General Superintendent of the Y. M. Relief Societies at the

M. I. A.; Oscar A. Kirkham, executive Oahu Stake Conference.

committeeman of Region Twelve, and executive secretary of the Y. M. M.

I. A.; and John D. Giles, Y. M. M. CONFERENCE IN HAWAII

I. field supervisor. A.

En route to the convention, several By Don L. Cotterell

of the Church leaders stopped at FarmSeveral hundred Church membersington, New Mexico, for a meeting of of mixed racial descent lifted their

Scouts and Explorers of the Young voices in song at Honolulu, HaStake; on the return trip the group met waii, on March 1 6, to celebrate groundwith Scouts of the San Luis Stake at breaking ceremonies for the new stake

Manassa, Colorado. They also stopand mission tabernacle being erected in

ped at Albuquerque, New Mexico, to the heart of the city's residential district.

discuss construction and dedication Meeting in the flowered grove where plans for a 22foot stone monument on the new building is to tower to a height the Mormon Battalion trail for dediof 140 feet, they witnessed the event cation May 30. (Concluded on page 359)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

The marker, six feet square at the RELIEF SOCIETY NAMES Bay Ridge Branch, New York Stake, succeeds Feinauer Robert E. ChamJames R base, inscribed bronze bears a plaque MEMBERS BOARD TWO berlin Elder. presiding as is surmounted Forward"and "Went

Rollo Stake, DutBranch, Nanakuli Oahu recently to appointed members 'tVTew cast a iron standof by wagonwheel as Poulsen, Jr., succeeds son George * W. 'the the of National General Board ing upright. area the around The monElder. presiding are Pauline Society Relief Woman's landhas harmoniously beenument Fourth Palmyra Spanish Fork Ward, Bitner Alice Pingree Taggart and scaped. succeeds Christensen Stake, Joseph Angus

Castleton. Mrs. Pingree is an instrucDavid B. Bowen.

Relief in Sothe University Stake, Portland Irvington Ward Ward, EXHIBIT AT torCHURCH in succeeds nutrition ley directs Poulson ciety a class John Moxum.J. Stanand W. FAIR CONTINUESCOAST St. Stake, Thatcher Jack Joseph Ward, in connechousehold management and

Tate. succeeds Solin Daley V. Alma Program. tion with Welfare the Church is its display continuing ChurchTThe Stake, Sevier George Ward, Glenwood the of Castleton, a Mrs. member International at the Gate Golden Sorensen. succeeds Rickenbach Elmer J. Stake, Emigration Ward, Stake, in Snowflake Exposition, reopened Ward, which Don Shumway San Twentyfirstis of the Ensign president former a Black. Brinkerhoff E. succeeds Samuel situexhibit, 25. Francisco, The May

for several Relief Society and Stake Angeles Branch, South Los Downey Buildthe in ated and Gardens Homes presiding years an ordinance worker Stake, appointed has been Karl C. Durham familiar of visitors to thousands ing and

Elder. Salt Temple. the Lake last replica in includes year, a miniature Sanpete South Ephraim Ward, West

Tabernacle,of the Salt Lake Stake, M. Alma Nielson succeeds Wilford

daily of organ programs music, Church Breinholt. where NEWLY APPOINTED L.hymns, and lectures on pioneer history WARD BISHOPS Turnerville Branch, Star Valley Stake,

are conducted by fulltime and local John J. Fluckiger succeeds Leslie Izatt as

missionaries. Also representing the "O ecent appointments to the office of presiding Elder.

Church is a basrelief panel, "The ward bishop and branch presiding Ivins Ward, Wells Stake, Nicholas J.

Teerlink succeeds William A. Bateman. following: include the is Intelligence,"in the ElderGlory of God Stake, Groves Yellowstone Ward, Twin Hall of of Religions. Peace,Temple Stake, Clarence Cornish Benson Ward, Richards succeeds Ralph Law. Floyd

Neeley succeeds Harold E. Bergeson. Twentyfirst Ward, Emigration Stake,

THOMAS E. McKAY TO DIRECT Logan Third Ward, Cache Stake, John Gordon B. Affleck succeeds Thomas W.

Evans, William Larsen succeeds Muir. Jr.EUROPEAN MISSION AFFAIRS A. Jefferson Ward, Wells Stake, Ernest A. Stake, Branch, Carbon Hiawatha LeRoy

succeeds Jorgensen Stewart. F. Harold Clifford as succeeds Albrechtsen Mecham to presidents leave of mission ASTT Fifth Stake, Ward, Mount Alma Ogden Elder."'E. President Europe, Thomas Mcpresiding L. succeeds Peterson Austin Shaw. H. Stake, Emigration Twentyseventh Ward,

Kay, recently of the Swiss Mission, has Parley P. Eccles succeeds George A. ChrisFirst Presidency appointed thebeen by tensen.

affairs in ofto take charge the EuConda Ward, Idaho Stake, Leonard J. NATIONAL COLUMNISTropean missions. From his office in Hyde succeeds William T. Hyde. COMMENTS ON TABERNACLE

Salt Lake he will direct mission organiPark View Ward, Long Beach Stake, CHOIR ANNOUNCER succeeds Theibaud Morton E. Melvin J. tozation changes meet endeavor and his Highlights,"a Tn York "New

A the Saints as Miner. ofthe needs in Europe all syndicated column to newspapers Wilmington Stake, Long Beach Ward,

in discovers touch keepinghe them by the country, over B. Driscoll, Charles E. Cornell succeeds Gilbert A. Jarman

with local leaders in the various misReeve. who has commented on the Tabernacle

sions. Littlefield Ward, Moapa Stake, Joseph Choir broadcast before, had this to say

Frehner succeeds Harold Joseph Reber. recently, indicative of the excellence

Las North Vegas Stake, Ward, Moapa Y. its achieved broadcast anby the andTRACY CANNON Everett appointed. Johnson White nouncer, L. Richard MUSICRECEIVES Evans: POST Montello Branch, Stake, Ogden Mount H. V. Kaltenborn, veteran radio comRichins succeeds Butler Ezra Lloyd

the time second Y. Tracy CanRolandpOR as presiding Elder. (Continued on page 372)

of the* non, chairman General Church Music Committee and director of the McCune School of Music and

Art, has been elected to the vice presidency of the National Association of

Schools of Music, which is the highest music accrediting association in the

United States. Its membership includes

more than one hundred of the leading conservatories and university music departments.

PRIMARY BOARD NAMES NEW SECRETARY "D essie Jones, a member of the Primary

General Board for more than ten years, has been appointed general secMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME retary and treasurer of the Primary AsARRIVED APRIL 15, 1940—DEPARTED APRIL 25, 1940

sociation to succeed Miss Beth PaxLaverneFirstFerrin,row, Dorisleft to Bryson,right: DonLawrenceE. Dilworth.Saunders, Arvai Burton, Eunice Beth Johnson, Ruth E. Beers, Anna Gurr,

Charles row: Schofield, Second Patterson, LeRoyman. of daughter PresJones, Alice Wood, Mary Miss Olsen, a President Verna B. Don Colton,

Larsen, Gillespie, Gladys Esplin, Rwth E. James Lee. Arthur Sister theident of Charles and R. Jones Third row: Merrill Jenkins, Paul Francis, Eldula Anderson, Averett, Ruth Berma Hansen, Myrle Wright,

Reeder, is Prusse. H. Glen W. teacher well Temple, aMesa known

of speech. At present a member of the WallaceFourthLarsen,row:VernWendellL. Nebeker,LeBaron,Ray JacobW. Ipson.DeWaal, Blair Poulsen, Helen Crane, Ruth Cheney, Leona Petersen,

South High School faculty, she preFifth row: Joseph S. Holt, C. Lester McBride, F. Conover Jacobson, Irel M. Eppich, Percy E. Petersen,

Jack C. E. Ferrin Dewsnup, Larkin, R. Hal Johnson. inviously taught schools, the Coalville Sixth row: Eugene Wilmer L. Isaksen, Henry Maw, Ralph E. Nuttall, Clovis L. Hill, Weldon D. Sorensen,the J. School, Ruel Davis Gunnelt, R. Grover, L. D. S. High Lloyd and the Dean E. Heder, Cross. Stanley

College. She is also a teacher at the Gulbransen,SeventhStewartrow: Udall,Don Littledike,Norman Curtis.Stanford Fonnesbeck, Daniel Revill, C. R. Collard, Lewis Harding, Ralph

Lion House Social Center. Eighth row: Lyle Wynn, Sterling Nordfors, Asael T. Sorensen, Albert G. Everett, Alma Kruger.

dih)UaL

fcduzajbd? remains constant or fixed. It is quite probable that

many of the phases of our living and many of the

TThis is the month in which the school doors of the material things with which we surround ourselves nation burst open to pour forth millions of our will be very much altered twenty years from now.

youth, variously classified, labelled, and certified as But all this does not relieve us of the responsibility to their attainments and degrees of excellence in of teaching our children the best of what we know this great business of formal education. today, and it does not relieve any parent or home

Naturally some questions are going to be asked. or society from instilling into the lives of each genSuch farreaching, costly, and deeply important eration and each child, those fundamental laws and

movements seldom go unchallenged, and if they did virtues and truths which will be the same twenty it would be a sure sign of indifferent decay. years from now—or twenty hundred or twenty Some of the questions will be asked by the youth ages—such things as the literal reality of a living themselves: "You say we are educated—now God in whose image all men were created—such

what?"unalterable things as the reward of virtue, the

Some of the questions will be asked by the edunecessity for honesty, the blessing of work, the cators, by public officials, by the taxpayers. indisputable axiom that nothing worth while can

Perhaps the most important questions will be be had without effort; the joy of service, the practice

asked by the parents of the children—those whose of prayer, the meaning of honor and loyalty, and

responsibility is most elemental and fundamental, the eternal permanence of human intelligence and whose responsibility is first and never ceases. personality.

Among the questions from all sources will be: It does not matter what the world will be like

What does it cost? What are we getting for it? twenty years from now—if a man has these eternal

What does the regimentation of presentday eduverities fixed in his soul, he can adjust himself to cation do to the personality of our youth? What any kind of world and he can help to make it a

is the value of the "classical"as against the "pracbetter one—and it is toward this end that more of

tical"? Can an immoral or cynical teacher, or one our education should be directed. R. L. E.

who lacks faith, be a "good teacher"in any field or capacity? Has emphasis been too much on the acquisition of facts and the attainment of marks and

grades at the expense of character development and Tn a world whirling along at a mad pace, there is regard for the more fundamental considerations of greater need than ever before for the cementing life? of the family in wholesome activities.

The answers to these and countless other quesNow that the vacation season is upon us, parents tions will show what is already so well known: need to survey the months ahead and plan advanthat the definition of the term is too restricted in the tageously for the extra time that the family will

minds of most of us—that education has come have. Men folk seem to need their fishing. But

to be thought of as a "course"or "curriculum,"or that is no reason that the women folk of his house- "profession,"rather than a continuous broadening hold should not go along. They could take their

experience whereby an eternal being becomes better needlepoint, their painting, and even their mending.

able to meet and adjust himself to all of the stresses The fact that the whole family is together united in of life in its physical, mental, moral, and spiritual a little world of amusement of its own is significant.

phases. And what the wisest and most farseeing One man who particularly liked golf taught his

of the parents will ask is this: how does this process family and his children to play so that they might be

of formal education help our children to an honortogether when he felt the urge to holiday. Some

able and able life, so that they may graduate parents allowed themselves to be talked into hiking summa cum laude when the Father of us all issues with the younger folk. From that acquiescence to

the call to postgraduate activity. This, of course, the desires of the younger members of the family,

is the ultimate purpose and justification for educathey found renewed in them an intense interest in tion in its broadest sense, and no curriculum that nature. When they became breathless from the

points to any other objective can be tolerated. hike, they would call their family around them and

On the other hand, there are those, who, in their explain some of the vegetation, or they would tell narrow ignorance, have become cynical toward about the geology of the land, or they would read education in all its phases. As one socalled modfrom some naturalist's book. The results have been

ern thinker put it: "It is no use to educate our farreaching. One of the boys has become a geolchildren for the world today because the world ogist; another, a zoologist; and still another, a writer

twenty years from now will be different. And it is of note concerning nature.

no use to educate our children for the world twenty If vacation time is spent wisely in family fun, years from now, because no one knows what it parents will come to know their children better and will be like."children will become better acquainted with their

A more unenlightened pessimism is scarcely imparents. They will both benefit from the close asaginable. Suppose that our parents had taken a sociation. Parents will renew their youth. Chilsimilar attitude with respect to us a generation ago. dren will begin to view things with the eyes of maThey could have done so with fully as much justiturity. The result will be that the action of the

fication as could we today. It is quite true that young folk, even when their parents are not with

many of the tentative teachings of science are sure them, will be of more genuine happiness and satisto be altered or discarded. It is quite true that faction to themselves, their parents, society and

the social, economic, and political order at no time their Creator.—M. C, /.

feet deep or deeper would easily be formed. The

writer of Genesis made a faithful report of the factsEvidences and known to him concerning the flood. In other localities the depth of the water might have been more or

less. In fact, the details of the flood are not knownreconciliations to us.

Latterday Saints know, through modern revelaxxvL—CDlcL JthsL U/jal&kA. /$. Uul tion, that the Garden of Eden was on the North American continent and that Adam and Eve began

J>IojOjcL Qqv&Jv thsL dUqhsuJL their conquest of the earth in the upper part of what is now the State of Missouri. It seems very probTJfouniainA, /$. wdL? able that the children of our first earthly parents

moved down along the fertile, pleasant lands of

HThis question, really of insignificant importance, the Mississippi Valley. The great floods that have

is a good example of manmade objections to often occurred there make the description in Genthe sacred character of the Bible, and therefore to esis seem very reasonable indeed.

faith. Great floods have visited the earth. That has

The coming of the flood and its extent and durabeen amply proved. For example, Professor C.

tion, are described in the seventh chapter of the Leonard Woolley, studying through excavations

Book of Genesis. The account states that "the the ancient history of Mesopotamia, has found inwaters prevailed exceedingly upon the earth; and disputable evidences of a flood in the neighborhood

all the high hills, that were under the whole heaven, of Abraham's ancestral citv of Ur. Whether that

were covered. Fifteen cubits upward did the waters flood is the great flood of Genesis is not certain, for

prevail; and the mountains were covered."we do not know whether at that time the children

A cubit, an ancient and wellknown measure of of Adam had spread from their original home in length, is the distance from a man's elbow to the what is now America into the lands now denomiend of his middle finger. The Egyptians fixed the nated Asia. ( See Woolley, The Sumerians.

length of a cubit as 20.61 of our inches; the Greeks, Latterday Saints look upon the earth as a living

18.25 inches; the Romans, 17.4 inches; the Hebrews, organism, one which is gloriously filling "the meas17.58 inches; and the English, 18 inches. The ure of its creation."They look upon the flood as a

variation is small, from eighteen to less than twentybaptism of the earth, symbolizing a cleansing of the one inches. impurities of the past, and the beginning of a new

If we employ the largest of these values, 20.61 life. This has been repeatedly taught by the leadinches, fifteen cubits would be something less than ers of the Church. The Deluge was an immersion

twentysix feet. This, then, was the depth of the of the earth in water. (See Doctrine and Coveflood, to Genesis. according nants 88:25; Young, Brigham Journal of Dissuggestion has The been made that the flood filled courses, 1:274; Discourses Young, of Brigham

every hollow and valley until the earth was a great 603; Orson Pratt, Journal of Discourses, 1:331.) p. sphere of water, covering the highest mountain

peaks twentysix feet deep. Mount Ararat, sevenThough the whole of the earth was covered with

teen thousand feet high, "upon the mountains"of water the depth was immaterial. When a person

which the ark rested, would according to this view is baptized it does not matter how far under the have been completely under water. It is doubtful water he is brought, nor whether every part of him

whether the water in the sky and all the oceans is at the same depth. The essential part of the

would suffice to cover the earth so completely. symbolism is that he should be completely imAnother suggestion is that the earth at that time mersed.

was so flat that a depth of water of twentysix feet So with the story of the Flood. All parts of

would cover the highest hill. There is no existing the earth were under water at the same time. In

evidence of this supposition; and Mount Ararat some places the layer of water might have been

did exist then according to the record. twentysix feet deep or more; in others, as on sloping

It has also been suggested that a blanket of water hillsides, it may have been only a fraction of an twentysix feet thick lay up and down the sides of inch in depth. That the whole earth, however, was

every hill, mountain and valley. This would seem under water at the same time was easily possible

to be in defiance of the law of gravity, though under under a terrific, longcontinued downpour, such as a long continued, furious rainfall such a layer, not is described in Genesis. The depth of the layer

too thick, might roll down every slope. of water is of no consequence.

The fact remains that the exact nature of the Many Bible accounts that trouble the inexflood is not known. We set up assumptions, based perienced reader become clear and acceptable if

upon our best knowledge, but can go no further. the essential meaning of the story is sought out.

We should remember that when inspired writers To read the Bible fairly, it must be read as Presideal with historical incidents they relate that which dent Brigham Young suggested: "Do you read

they have seen or that which may have been told the scriptures, my brethren and sisters, as though them, unless indeed the past is opened to them by you were writing them a thousand, two thousand, revelation. or five thousand years ago? Do you read them as

The details in the story of the flood are undoubtthough you stood in the place of the men who wrote edly drawn from the experiences of the writer. them?"This is our guide. The scriptures must be

Under a downpour of rain, likened to the opening read intelligently. (See Discources of Brigham

of the heavens, a destructive torrent twentysix Young, pp. 197, 198.)—/. A. W.

MORMONISM AND EDUCATION Dealing with the early settlement of Maine, From Alexander's life we can apply some (Dr. M. Lynn Bennion. Deseret News the author has entered into comparatively of the eternal truths by avoiding the misPress, Salt Lake City, 1939. 297 virgin territory. takes that he made. M. C. J.

pages. $1.00.) The story centers around Mima Robbins

for love her and Joel permaAdams. The IN SONG THE MEADOW service a unique has done Bennion civilization, of before nence which, even (Elizabeth Roberts. Viking Madox TheDr. people Saint and for the Latterday it is in to the begins formal a way, Press, due 1940. York, 110 pages. $2.00.) New to in bringing all of education students for is strength unit, the of individual family

the the there love are all educational world the attention of who the earth—and this stressed in book. To the dull of little Church story so volremarkable Mormon do any who different story, kind amazingly is of not—this An

secular religious field all and will finished of the in of verse too soon, weekday be ume this of C. /. Come Spring.—M.

it will education. picked but again, again, be yet and up

connected for author, many years The educational system, thewith Church has POEMS(Edith Cherrington,EDITORS 2130BUYVerde Street, peoplebecauseofthethe feelearthofis thein it.earth and of the

made an extensive study of numerous Pasadena, California, 1939. 248 pages.) Miss Roberts has placed her name ensources not available to the general public viably in current American letters with The

and has treated his subject with such thorUnique in the publishing field, this book Great Meadow, He Sent Forth a Raven, oughness as will likely cause his work to combines anthology with a textbook The Time of Man, and several other novels, become the standard treatise in this field. and a guide to versemarketing. Even if as well as with her everpopular Under the

Few stories of education are so rich in one did not desire to write or to market Tree, a volume of poetry. Song in the

romantical backgrounds, for the unique what he wrote, he would find great joy in Meadow will add further lustre to her name.story of Mormon migrations and achieveowning this book for the beauty of the—M. C. J.

ments is inseparably linked with the story poems which are included.

of its educational program. Many events The compilerpublisher is herself an acTHE HAPPY LAND

of the Latterday Saint Church history complished writer of verse and, in addition (Eric Knight. Harper and Brothers,

hitherto unpublished are brought to light. to the exceptional work of compiling that New York, 1940. 351 pages. $2.50.)

in has done, the she of her because knows learning to preserve ownThe struggle the experience with markets she migrations, that which has Eric Knight will long be remembered for and of persecutions,midst pioneering in a new land together with the included. his delightful and faithpromoting story,

adjusting of the Church educational system The divisions have been made for quickThe Flying Yorkshireman. In The Happy

to meet the changed situation of today conness of reference into seven sections: SuLand, his latest work, he once more

achieves. dealing His subject is a bit grim, Poetry, Poetry Poetry for Women,stitutes American epic which Dr. Benperior an

the Yorkshire as it does with coal workers Specialized Poetry, of General Appeal, Depreserved.nion has

The material of this volume was accepted nominational Magazines, Juvenile Magaand their problem when the mines shut as a dissertation for a doctor's degree at zines, and Verse Magazines. In each of down.

the University of California. In the forethese sections sample poems are included Into the story of the Cloughs: father,

word, Dr. Fletcher Harper Swift of that to serve as guides to aspiring writers. two sons, and two girls, are woven pride,

institution has written: This is an excellent book for all whether love, shame, and all the other threads which

"As the result of years of untiring rethey would write or read. M. C. J. are part of the fabric of life. Through the

search, the author has made available for the young people, we come to a genuine apthis their situation preciation in of world intelligent, heroic, of thefirst the USK OF history THE time SWAN fierce their pride of and which unemployment Ashton. (Helen Macmillan Company, founders and efforts the of successfuland

let will accept they not them where cannot 1940. pages. $2.50.) York, 320 carry out to New the Church ofleaders Mormon

give. it is astonishing."effective as as program life historical dealing the novel with It T'HIS for carefully story reading is a worth Principal Becrett, High West of E.a—W. is the of sensipoet, Henry Vaughan, it is its will story that import; a read be at Missionary Instructor andSeminary tively delightfully executed. portrayed and of the author's happily because power.Home. in the the twin, a near Born house manor /. C.—M.

fortune: followed a varied Usk, Henry BASIN River BIG HORN OFHISTORY THE

secretly; studying law and medicine openly Deseret FRIENDS (Charles Welch. News A. TO MY

fighting for I; setting Charles King up (Elsie C. 1940. City, Petersen, 1166 West Fifth SaltPress, Lake

practise writing, as although a physician; South, Salt Lake City, Utah, 1940. pages. $2.50.)274

that idea his poetry would had no cents.) postFiftyReminiscences, hall place in the of fame. him history, and biography hehumously

as well as in this volume included are little is attractively this there booklet poetically novel, Into written, of poems T'ms pioneering of the stories redolentverse and the of goes time though as booklet. are a gift much The bound poems living—and the 1900, 9, April Church.era in our On is for truths the life. battles long the ago, the better and to read all conducive Having

Colonization Company was organized, and those truths are of an everrecurring nature them, the reader will undoubtedly wish to that the comreached decisionthe was settle the in to wished of peoplepanies who and consequently of constant interest.—M. C. /. asbuyworthwhilesome of themremembrances.to pass to M.his C.friendsJ. meet should of countryBig Wyoming Horn

Kemmerer, Fork, Wyoming,at above Hams GREAT ALEXANDER THE LETTERS SELECTED OF EDWIN year. of Abraham April the same 25by (Lewis Houghton V. Cummings. ROBINSON ARLINGTON with the companies organized WoodruffO. Mifflin Boston, 1940. Company, York, (The Macmillan Company, New

so assistants, a chaplain, and twoa captain, 453 $3.75.) pages. 1940. $2.50.) 178 pages.

that all could travel in an orderly manner.

By organized.so May 3, there had been seven companies INactersthe historyhave becomeof the world,allimportant,certain chartheir Probablyhas createdno otherquite poetthe nameof recentfor himselfyears

This material, told by one of the members stories everinteresting, their exploits everthat Robinson has. In this volume of letters,

of the original companies, becomes invaluengrossing. Such a character is the subject one learns of the singleness of purpose with

able source material, from which some of of this biography, Alexander the Great. which he pursued his dream of becoming a

our later novels will stem. M. C. /. The author has in one volume added to writer.

COME SPRING bothstudy.historyHe dividesand biographythe workin hisintoscholarlythirteen theseLettersproveareno alwaysexception.delightfulThey revealreading;not

(Ben Ames Williams. Houghton chapters: "Philip of Macedon,""Alexander only the unusual mental characteristics of

Boston, 1940.Mifflin Company, life "Philip and Alexander,"to bring of they the Boy,""AlexRobinson; also many

$2.75.) pages.863 "Organization the King,"lights ander of the the literary and Finance and the bygone

Into this novel of Revolutionary times, of the Army,""The Campaign in Asia current era. Emerson comes in for praise;

the author has crowded excitement, Minor,""Issus to Gaza,""Alexander in Thoreau and Edna St. Vincent Millay for

romance, pioneering, and patriotism; more Egypt,""The Conquest of Persia"(two a bit of a spanking; Dewey for a downright

than anything else, the book is replete with chapters), "The Campaign in India,""The raking over the coals; and Spencer for a

instances proving the happiness of living. Retreat from India,""Return and End."generous bouquet. M. C. J.

diamine Irs CHERRY CANNING TIME IT visitoris frequentlyconsiderssaidpiethatthe thetrue foreignAmerican dessert. And it seems to us

that the national "favorite"is cherry.

What is more delicious in the dead of winter than a sweet, juicy cherry pie?

And now is the time to can those cherries for the good pies that we will so much enjoy this winter. With food

prices constantly on the upward trend, too much stress cannot be placed on the Fourth, prepare cherries by washing, stemtrue economy of canning all available ming, and pitting.

food products. Fruits, especially, are Fifth, pack into clean jars, making a solid

important in the daily diet and canning pack, and filling jar to within onehalf them while in season is the only means inch of top with cherries and one and by which an ample supply may be had. onehalfif using inchesplain water,of the totopwithinwith syrup,onehalfor

Canning is one of the best means of inch of top.

preserving the natural flavor and texSixth, clean sealing edge of the jar with a ture of fruit, and the wise and thrifty cloth and adjust "selfsealing"cap in the homemaker will make provisions in the following manner:

season of plenty for an ample supply Place lid on the jar with the natural gray of fruit during the winter months. sealing composition next to the glass, and

tight. the firmly screw band of their the acid content, Because

Seventh, of length required process time easy is comparatively canning of fruits to recipe according being and method and only a few simple rules such as used.

cleanliness, proper selection of the Eighth, remove from cooker, set hot jars on product, and proper processing are necseveral thicknesses of cloth, making sure essary. Cherries for canning should be that the jars do not touch each other, and

uniformly ripe and sound. A true qualthat they are not set in a draft. DO NOT THE T>4AM*DRESSING UPSIDE JARS TURN DOWN.ity the will grading obtained be pack by

Ninth, next jars day, cold, or are when ripeness. size of for degreecherries and

test the for seal simply make tapping by There's better era in evident a the or with withoutCherries canned be may lids the clear, with teaspoon. high, a A of making era clever when salads—an If for stones.the to they are used be ringing note perfect means a have you hostesses delicious, aie seeking more it is essentialpies, stones the that almost seal. jar dull, unsealed has a An low dressings. more appetizing ThouIf for sound, hence purother can immediately canned you recan removed.be sands that already discovered have contents food. and save your left in.poses, stones the be Chermay is just the their ingredient TANG jars Tenth, are once sealed, screwbandsries in or syrup water. be canned may salads the have needed. TANG, are longer required, no so remove and recipe following has been which PerfectThe Dressing, created, dewas these for save bands next your batch

to of signed especiallytested results flattast- will assure banish good canning. These bands used be over may ing salads sandwiches. and Throughagain. and over

the out that West agree women TANG Cherries (Cold Pack)

Wash, stem, pit if desired. Pack Many homemakers are using the new wayprovidesto makethe saladssimplestmoreanddelicious.easiest

of for fruits their canning method For economy, ask your grocer for the fill ovencherries to the top; within oi mcn Yi it because quick, clean, is so sure. and -size jar. quart of the inches topto within with \y2

it method, For this however, is necessyrup, or depending heavy onmedium that sary either have elecgas or a you cherries.the of the sweetness Put on Inc. Made by NALLEY'S tric stove having control. an oven tight. firmlycap, screwing Procband Manufacturers of Quality Foods desiring this folto use Those method iness bath or water twenty minutes

in the oven sixtyeight minutes at 250 low the directions for cold pack canning degrees or in the pressure cooker ten of cherries up to point seven in the foregoing directions, after which, take at pressure.minutes five pounds

filled jars, set them in a cold oven, cherries for your preparing the Before canning, assemble the necessary canon the cold rack in the oven. Care

ning equipment such as canner for procmust be taken to see that the jars do essing, the necessary number of kettles not touch each other or the side of the so as free to allow circulation of is of high TANG, cherries are the for oven, placedin which quality, finest ingredients. themadePerfectof Dressing, heat. Set your control oven at 250 It jars stoning, the for andwashing as is unequaled and caps a dressing

process degrees, and salads, for sixtyeight sandwiches, cold meats, tothat are be used and... watch sausages, foods, wieners, sliced sea minutes. steps eight, Follow nine, and carefully:these points tomatoes, fresh or asparacanned

ten after processing is completed. gus, cheese dishes, and exceptionally

First, examine the sealing edge of each jar With a plentiful supply of home good on potato salad.

to see that it is free from nicks, cracks, and canned cherries on hand, you are alirregularities jar edges. sharp Such in a for ready ways company, and many and FOODS will seal. airtight prevent an L** are varied the delightful dishes that jars rinse the thoroughlySecond, cleanse and MED prepare, can you as the such always in hot water. IWUf the. satisfying Veect tarts, pie, cherry puddings, ifThird, the possible follow of slogan DAe&iuuf. I

"two hours from garden to jar"in cancobblers, cherry nut salad, and many ning the cherries. others.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

Homing THE COOK'S CORNER By Barbara Badger Burnett HOW TO Veal Birds

Wipe slices of veal cut from the leg.

fat. in skin, and bone, Cut

inches inches long It Kb E #% S E Removepieces four two and wide and pound well with flour. For each

piece of meat mix 34 CUP bread crumbs, butter, teaspoon melted 1 tablespoon Yj sprinkle of a man; finely rubbed onion, a chopped

sage, and salt and pepper to season. Sprinkle

one side of meat with salt and spread with a layer of dressing. Roll and fasten with

flour, in butter. a baking Put in brown and Serve him OMfaAhionsuL toothpicks. Sprinkle with salt, dredge with sauce: the following with cover dish and

4 tablespoons butter 3 tablespoons flour STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE 1 cup milk

Make it the quick and easy way, with Globe 1 cupSalt tableto seasoncream "Al"Biscuit Flour! Your delicate, fluffy "Al"Melt the butter, add flour and gradually

biscuit crust topped with plenty of juicy the milk and cream. Stir until thick. Seacrushed strawberries will make a hit with the son and pour over birds. Cover and cook

man you want to please. Be sure you use in oven at 350 degrees for two hours or until

Globe "Al"Biscuit Flour to get that good meat is tender.

"homemade"taste! Spinach Mold

2 quarts spinach 2 tablespoons butter 1 package aged cheddar cheese Salt and pepper Bread crumbs GL0BEA1 2 eggs, beaten slightly

Wash spinach and drop into a large amount of boiling salted water. Boil 3

minutes. Drain, chop, add cheese and

butter, seasoning, eggs, and enough bread crumbs to make a stiff mixture. Fill a ring

mold. Place mold in pan of water and bake

at 375 degrees until firm. Garnish with

hardcooked eggs.

Listen to "Mary Foster, The Editor's Daughter"

Every Monday Through Friday KNXKSFO 3:00 p. m. Cheese Pinwheels

2 cups biscuit flour

cheese pimento 1 package butter tablespoons OUR HONEYMOON IS NEVER OVER 4 Milk

Orange marmalade Mix biscuit flour with enough milk to make a dough. Roll out in a rectangular

shape 34 inch thick. Spread with the cheese

and butter which have been melted together over hot water and beaten until thick. Roll up like a jelly roll. Cut in halfinch slices; place on a greased baking

sheet. In the center of each pinwheel put

a teaspoon of orange marmalade. Bake

at 425 degrees.

Fresh Cherry Salad 1 package cherry gelatin 1 cup boiling water 1 cup cold water 2 cups pitted black cherries Nuts dressing Salad is... through heart"man's to a "The way

gelatin. boiling the the over water Pour.. kind. the light, cakes deliciously tender

Stir until dissolved cold to the 1$'fo/ and add Special Cake "Al"Globe with make you until to congeal. begins mixture Cool

just beginner a you're Flour. Whether inside piece cherry of nut a of each or water.Put

an old hand at cake making, you'll get better and fold carefully into the gelatin. Mold

cakes with Globe "Al". and chill. Serve on lettuce garnished with

kJJ saladcherriesdressing.and sprigs of mint. Serve with

Magic Vanilla Ice Cream (For an automatic refrigerator) GLOBE 11 CAKE FLOUR % cup sweetened condensed milk \ Y2x/2 cupteaspoonswater vanilla

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

Homing onto thethe street.time whenThisthekindpaperof bookis beingis valuablecalled andenjoyedalsobyforyoungthe andlessonsold forthattheirtheywhimsyim-

J. 1 cup whipping cream interestbecause init vocations.-directs childrenM. C. J.early to an part.—M. C.

milk, Chill. vanilla. water, and Mix IT DID SOMETHING ABOUT THEY

the to concream a custardlikeWhip Press, Association (Robert M. Bartlett. TALES INDIAN SLEEPMAN

sistency. chilled into mixture. Fold Let Illustrated. pages. 1939. Anderson. $1.25.) 144 York, (Bernice G. New

in the refrigerator unit freezing ofstand Printers, Caxton this valuable volume go the storiesuntil half frozen. mixture Scrape Caldwell, Idaho, 1940. INTO from $2.00.) 145 pages.

ten representing of ten and women, mensides until of tray beat smooth, and not but melted. Replace in freezing unit until These stories were told by the Otoe Inprofessions, five nations, and four races.

frozen. Serve with crushed strawberries. dian fathers to their boys after the sun Anyone reading these biographs will

had set. The author, who lives near Partleave feeling edified and strengthened in

Crabmeat Club Sandwich ridge, Kansas, has long been active in his own desire to achieve honorably. Among

1 can crabmeat gathering material on Indian customs and the ten whose stories are told are Richard 2 tablespoons butter legends. Some of the tales recall the Just- E. Byrd, Madame Chiang Kaichek, Louis

2 tablespoons flour So Stories of Kipling and will be thoroughly (Concluded on page 376) 2 cups milk Salt and pepper 12 slices bread toasted 12 tablespoons grated cheese 6 slices tomato ASK YOUR GROCER FOR Bone and flake crab meat. Make a

sauce of the butter, flour, and milk andseason. Add crabmeat. Put between slices FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST"

of toast to make six sandwiches. Sprinkle

cheese on top and cover with a slice of Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes

tomato. Bake for 10 minutes until cheese every day.

is melted.

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS SUMMER READING FOR

Seven delicious flavors—lemon, orange, cherry, strawberry, YOUNG FOLK raspberry, pineapple, lime. And use Royal Salad Gelatin for

THE SINGING TREE salads, appetizers and main course dishes.

(Written and illustrated by Kate Seredy.

Viking Press,The New York, 1940. ROYAL PUDDINGS

247 pages. $2.00.)

T/"ate Seredy 's name attached to a chilMade with wholesome arrowroot. Three flavors—Chocolate,

* * dren's is a guarantee book of its goodVanillacream. and Butterscotch. Also make delicious homemade iceness. story, In this the two wellbeloved

characters Kate and Jancsi, who were introduced of leaders group to a wide in The ROYAL BAKING POWDER to life again. comeGood Master,

The delightful storekeeper, Moses, who The only nationallydistributed baking powder made with cream kept his accounts in his head; the bride and of tartar. Dependable and economical.

groom, who must abide by the ageold customs of marriage in their family; the six

Russian prisoners who came to work the farm; the six refugee German children—all

are brought into this truly unusual story for children.—M. C. J. SO EXCITED—

HEROES, OUTLAWS, AND I can hardly chew!FUNNY FELLOWS

(Olive Beaupre Miller. Illustrated by

Richard Bennett. Doubleday, Doran &

Company, New York, 1939. 332 pages.

$2.50.) 'X'his is a remarkable collection of pictur-

J- esque American folk tales that deal with the traditions, history, and character of our country. Captain Kidd is for one time

bound into a book alongside Johnny Appleseed, Kemp Morgan, and Pecos Bill. The

remarkable feature of this book is that into its pages are gathered stories from all parts of the United States. The author is to be

complimented on her diligence in seeking these tales from cowboys, lumbermen, and old pioneers.

This is a delightful book to read and also A a source book of no mean merit. M. C. J. Utah Elsie is, of course, typical of all cows who produce

Product milk She's healthy, for Borden's. can happy—and EXTRA!EXTRA! she produce!

Scott Newhall. Jackson and(Joseph Henry

taste Well, should the milk youIllustrated. Macmillan Company, she gives—the New

York, 1940. 48 pages. $1.50.) milk evaporated by Borden's and irradiated with

sunshine Vitamin D.

informative pictures volume combinesHPhis richness smoothness, sealed in those Such flavor, texts effectively to J- and show several, today! milk cans. St. Charles young Borden's Buyfolk the in processes the printing necessary

of a newspaper. Beginning with a fire,

the machinery is set going, from the time the firealarm signal rings in the editor's room IF IT'S BORDEN'S, IT'S GOT TO BE GOOD

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

"Era"Readers Reach New High Figure {Continued from page 341 Lethbridge, Alberta, and Taylor stakes in Canada upheld the Canadian tradition of success, each going well beyond its quota.

Newcomers extremely welcome on the Honor Roll of stakes and missions reaching their quotas this year whose names were not on the quota list in 1939, include Seattle, Inglewood,

Provo, Nevada, Granite, San Luis,

Teton, Grant, Bear River, Lost River,

Portland, Kanab, Pasadena, and Roosevelt stakes, and Southern States Mission.

Granite Stake, long missing from the ranks of quota stakes, came back into familiar company by exceeding its quota. To Granite Stake alone belongs

the credit of having secured more than a thousand subscriptions in one day.

The stake has been divided several times since then, but the success spirit continues.A total of 69 stakes and missions and

986 wards and branches reached or exceeded their quotas this year, all receiving substantial cash awards. The

net result of the united efforts of thousands of Era workers with the true missionary spirit was to make the fortythird Annual Era Campaign outstanding and most satisfactory. More homes

will be reached during the coming year with "The Voice of the Church"than have ever before been reached by any

Church magazine.

CITATION WINNERS FOR Group A Leaders in Percent of Quota * * North Central States ( 4 )..354.3%

** Eastern States Mission (4)** 313.5/

* * Northern States'( 1 j"262.2% PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA, GROUP "A"

**Seattle (1 ) 233.5% First row, North Central States Mission, left to right: President David A. Broadbent;

Director; Director. Assistant Robison, Lee Divers, "Era""Era"W. Ashby Phoenix (2) 170.1% Virginia

right: Mission, row, Eastern left to President States Frank Second Juarez (4) 166.7% Egan, Y. M. M. I. A. Supervisor and "Era"Director. Evans; Merritt H.

**Inglewood (1) 162.1% Y. M.ThirdM. row,I. A.SeattleSuperintendent;Stake, left toLindaright:S. PresidentFletcher, AlexanderY. W. M.Brown;I. A. MerrillPresident;W. Boyack,Leslie

Director; Nordflren, Blanche Y. A. "Era"Y. M. M. I. W. M.**Long Beach (4) 154.7% C. Seal,

right: President row, left to Stake, Phoenix RobertI. A. "Era"Price; Director.Wallace Fourth James**San Francisco (3) 152.7% E. Broberg, Y. M. M. I. A. Superintendent; Ethel R. Peterson, President of Y. W. M. I. A.;

L. L. Driggs, Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"Director; Dorai Dana, Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"Director.

Call. right: Claudious left to President 0. Ara Bowman;

R. Call, President of (No "Era"I. A. Y. W. M. Leaders in Total Subscriptions M. FifthM. I. row,A. Superintendent;Juarez Stake, Annie

** Northern States Mission ( 1 )..786 Directors appointed.)

** Eastern States Mission < 4 ) * * 733 Big Horn (4) 132.6% **Rexburg (1) 738

**Long Beach (4)....430 California Mission (4)** 126.9% *A total of 20 stakes receive Citations.

Stakes listed above with stars are double 123.9% **Mt. 425 (4) Ogden**Seattle (1) winners.

122.8% Citation 389 (4) **Ogden**Inglewood (1)

**North Central States (4) 368 Double Citation Winners 193940.

Pasadena (1) 343 Leaders in Total Subscriptions (1) One Time Citation Winner.

Citation Winner. Times (2) Two (4)**....ll 15 Angeles Los 343 **South Francisco**San (3) Citation Three Winner. Times (3) 1043 California Mission ** (4 )**.... Citation Winner. Four Times (4) ** Group States B Mission Southern Citation Times Winner. Double

* (4)* Four in Percent Leaders of Quota 1029 Citation 193940. Double Winners (1)

**South Los Angeles (4)** 318.6% Salt Lake (4) 983 (1) One Time Citation Winner.

Citation Times Winner. (2) Two Angeles (4) 913 188.3% **Ogden Los (2) Citation Three Winner. Times (3)** 886 States Ensign (4) Southern (1) 170.7% Citation Four Times Winner. (4)

**Rcxburg (1) 135.3% **Mt. Ogden (4) 774 (4) Four Times Double Citation Winner.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

attention and considerable publicity was given the events by leading newspapers throughout the territory. Daily

stories were printed with accompanying pictures and highly favorable editorials appeared in the Honolulu Advertiser,

Hawaii's leading morning newspaper.

Excerpts follow:

The quarterly conference of Mormon missionaries now in session in Honolulu brings to mind that it is ninety years since the

Hawaiian Mission of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints was first established in Hawaii. Of 101 Mormon missionaries in the territory today, 85 are in

attendance at the conference.

But in ninety years, 2,500 such workers have spread their instruction and their benefits. The aggregate of good done cannot be

estimated. The purpose of the meetings

now being held is only partly to review accomplishments; more to contemplate the

work that lies ahead. Hawaii should be

grateful that a great Church sees fit to carry on its efforts in* these islands.

LeGrand Richards, presiding bishop of the

Mormon Church, is devoting his visit to

Hawaii to a detailed examination of L. D. S.

properties and activities. There are conferences, of course, but his time is spent

mostly in moving from island to island to obtain at first hand a view of what is going on.

This energy is characteristic of the entire history of the Mormon Church in the Territory. The extensive work carried on for

years, even before Hawaii was a Territory, among the Hawaiian and Samoan people, has benefited by example as well as by the guidance provided. Worship and the philosophy of rightful living have been properly

mixed with industry. The Church of the

Latterday Saints has done much for this land.

At a Sunday morning conference session conducted entirely by Japanese

Church members, President Hilton A.

Robertson reported accomplishments of the Japanese Mission.

Growth and achievements of the Hawaiian Mission were outlined briefly by President Roscoe C. Cox.

A summary of activities of the Oahu

Stake given by President Woolley revealed that 1939 had been a banner year. Consisting of six wards and

A""GROUP OF SUBSCRIPTIONS, NUMBER of branches seven with a membership left right: President J. Muir; to Madeline Leo States, row, First Northern the Stake ranked 4,559 persons, Oahu Correspondent; Goodson, Campaign C. Eldon Director; Ruby Campaign Staples, "Era"

Accountant. Bitter, Campaign last year the stakes second among all

Lafayette President Barnes; C. Douglas Beach, left to right: row, Second Long ratings of activities comparative and Struble, President of Agness I. A.; in Superintendent; I. A. Y. W. M. Wright, Y. M. M.

Director. Walker, C. "Era"Ed faithfulness of Church members.

President Alfred Rohner; right: E. Heber Stake, left to Inglewood row, Third peoof Polynesian As no gathering Elva President Cusworth, A.; Superintendent; Y. I. A. M. I. W. Grant, M. Y. M.

Director. Sorensett, "Era"E. J. feast ple a be complete without would

Jones; President left right: Bertram Emerson M. Stake, to Pasadena row, Fourth kind, given a giant "luau"of some was Cooley, Crawford A.; Y. Edna I. A. M. M. I. W. M. Crawley, of Y. Superintendent

appointed.) Director President. "Era"(No for of the conference the last day P. on President Albert left to right: Winter; Stephen H. Francisco, row, Fifth San at Laie, site missionaries and members President Stephenson, Margaret I. A. M. Superintendent; Y. W. Heiner, I. A. Y. M. M.

and acting "Era"Director; Edward H. Stephens, Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"Director. of the temple. A Samoan "hukilau"or

netfishing demonstration was followed

Conference in Hawaii LeGrandCharles A.Richards,Callis andwhoPresidingrepresentedBishopthe bymentHawaiianincludinganddancingSamoanandentertainsinging.

( Concluded from page 350) General Church Authorities, and to the With poi, chicken, and fish on the as a feature of the combined conference faithful labors of missionaries and menus, the celebration proved a success of the Oahu Stake and Hawaiian and Church leaders in these beautiful islands and attracted many tourists.

Japanese Missions held March 16 to of the Pacific. To Ralph Woolley, A testimony meeting for missionaries

19. The fourday conference was president of the Oahu Stake, who was and a general temple session followed

the first combined gathering to be held in charge of the groundbreaking cereby a final meeting in the Laie ward since the Japanese Mission was founded monies, must be given much of the chapel were the closing events of a in Hawaii in February, 1937. credit for making possible the construcgreat conference which had been full

Success of the conference was a tion of the beautiful new edifice. of promise for the future of the Church

tribute to both the presence of Apostle The conference attracted widespread in Hawaii.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

PRIESTHOOD GROUP REPORTS who indulge, features large among the DRINK AND THE WAR rpHE question has been asked, "How methodsmons, etc.,used.in quorumLectures,and talks,other reliser- IN ENGLAND

II report quarterly can group World the dreadful a War As liquor be gious meetings and toon why "* of the the twentieth out in inmonth, on increases lengthensmade out and for of the health bacco are not good the quarter not closing before the last man do not reach, to any appreciable tensity, the participants tighten their

Sunday of the month?"extent, those who indulge. They are belts and are required more and more

An answer to the question is easy: not present. And it is those who into eliminate nonessentials. So they

close the group report in each quarter dulge who should be reached. Hence, naturally look to the wastes associated

with the next to the last Sunday in the methods of reaching them should be dewith drink. It was the World War I

quarter. If this is done quarter after vised by the quorum officers, committhat made national prohibition possible

quarter, the report will always cover tees, and others responsible for the in the United States.

a threemonths'period, thus serving work of the campaign. From the April number of Internapractical purposes. all in England, certain published that tional quorum Record, when We are This way editorial of doing will give time for officers feel their the full of excerpts weight an quote from rewe

all group reports, if made and sent sponsibility for the campaigns effectwritten by the veteran Guy Hayler.

promptly, to reach the quorum secretary ively reaching all their members, satisThese are the following:

quarter. the the before or end ofon this factory of doing means ways and the 191418 destroyers of food The War

to compile will then be ableHe... the will there Distillers. is a will the be found. For Brewers and "Where were

quorum report without delay, so that there is a way,"difficult though the every Wheat ship sunk by the U boats, the they may be sent to President Clawway may be in some cases. The Lord Brewer sank five food ships in Beer. In

either Poultry Pigs with office and of ten within daysson's War, the close will off of killed for help those who worthily seek His starvingthis lack being or all quarter. concernedof the Will help.

is Traffic the destroying food, Liquor accordingly! act noticeplease take and

A MARVELOUS GIRL millionsenough Barleyof Pigs andand MaizePoultry.(corn) to feed

in in of the grip Drink not be must We thrilling story of the you read ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO last. this in the as were The we War,

issue in of the "Tid Laraine Day May the posters biggest hoardings, the most on

This Era, 263? p. Improvement COLUMN The in expensive space newspapers and magQUORUMS AND THE marvelousstar, is a thoroughyoung girl,Latterdaya popularSaintmoviein azines,on the aswireless,well as theare commonestall about referencesDrink, as

the of liberty Drink, not though it were and deed. both thought andLIQUORTOBACCO

... Britain, liberty that the of mattered! the of comkeeps SheCAMPAIGN Wisdom Word

lift their reformers must Temperance up teaches pletely Mormonism and general the the by voices be sound and must who attendedHpHOSE alarm—there action. has always She and word this in neutrality waste! against no war April the meeting at * Priesthood

offeredConference and those who examine the found courage to say NO when cigarettes drinks. or for Melchizblanks reportquarterly THE TRUTH KNOW

story, If the not see did know you we that Priesthood quorums know TRIUMPHedek AND it, in delight reading so would we you of the Authorities Churchthe General also International the is it up. Record a look "pROM There we you recommend all all for the quourge supportingare

finest stateAll kind. the story of the following to the. quote from a moral for in the active campaign to berums

the nonuse of liquor and tobacco by of our young people who are tempted ment by Dr. F. R. Lees, made sixty

itour people. This is an educational to indulge may find an uplift in Laraine years ago, which is as true today as

campaign separate and apart from any Day's example. was then:

it is sweetens, sweet, movement.other temperance

is alcohol, alcohol as Our efAN INTERESTING STATEMENT moreSo orlongless;as sosugarlong members.forts are with Church

it disturb. paralyze, to burn, or tends Every SANPETE SOUTH attention calling here FROM of purpose The

short, of in grain possesses gunpowder, is disabuse the mindsto to the matter it presidency of Society the quality of explosiveness; would and rTTHE Relief

officersof or any quorum members who to the sensible as that quite tenth say a be us sends Sanpete Stake * South is the concern think campaign nomay is innocent, part of and a grain of powder will to that appeal statement fact, theirs. the thoughtfulof of matter the explosiveness that with the a begins only As It is as of this column. reader every that entire to grain ounce, or as say whole thatFirst directing Presidency, when follows first of port glass the (say) second and specifiedthe undertaken, be campaign

faith tobacco, our is evil Liquor and two the innocent, physiological and killers, wine project ofthat every it should be a the physical, to greatest the are third menace the action or fourth. begins only with MelchizedekPriesthood quorum, spiritual of is motherwell-being and moral, this as and the Disguise nonsense may, men

carriedAaronic, should to every be and family. the that affirming to equivalent and sugar simply hood

quorum member. The quorum quarThey lower its spiritual glow; bring in little is not sugar—that alcohol in littleterly report blanks also indicate that physical weakness; attack the fountains of is not alcohol—and that powder in grainthis should be done. Many quorum oflife; breed immorality; create discord in the is not powder—since it is only the fixed

ficers have understood this with the home; foster crime; bring poverty, sickness, identity of qualities that constitutes their

death. sameness, at and makes once what themresult that much fine work has been and

daughters of Zion meet their not. are they we must what As they are, andreported.

insidious you, creeping propaganda. Will

The fundamental missionary method whenever the occasion affords by exampleof the Church—personal contact—has and influence, join us in resisting its inroads? DRUNKENNESS IS MAIN CAUSEbeen approved as the way of reaching OF DIVORCE, DECLARES

addict members, if any there are. Hence, These facts, kept in mind, should cerCOURT

let tainly that the vigorstimulate all of us campaign no quorum feel to more SuSeattle, Washington—Presiding

priis satisfactorily evils unless carried these to banish ous efforts from on perior Court Judge James T. Lawler

vate and personal work with all those every Latterday Saint home. declared from the bench he believed that

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

"drunkenness seems to be the principalcause of divorce"in Kings County. THE WORK OF THE MONTPELIER STAKE

The Court's statement, made after hearing of the default calendar in which thirteen AGRICULTURAL COMMITTEE interlocutory divorce decrees were granted, was substantiatedby the annual report of By Earl JR. Sorenson

Starr, divorceEvangeline proctor in ProseChairman, Montpelier Stake Agricultural Committee office. Warner'scutor B. Gray

The report showed that of 2,069 divorces granted County in King annulments after the organizationand of great need for the keeping of financial in Shortly cases in which 33.8 per1939, cent were preaccounts. a questionnaire, our committee

listed. drinking were of excessivecharges realthis actual before picture us before us the to bring With we pared obwives granted, divorces the 1,931Of steps ized taken our us as an problems have and job confronting of the picture the of husbands decreestained and 1,520

soil analysis to solve them. delivered shows Our committee, was agricultural the cases, husband411. fortyfour both In

and wife obtained divorces. There were to the bishop of each ward in our stake we have a productive valley adaptable

thirty annulment decrees granted during the requesting of these brethren that the to such crops, other than are already year and six separate maintenance decrees. desired information be filled in these being produced, as flax, sweet clover,

Judge Lawler remarked from the bench: questionnaires as accurately as possible alsike clover, peas, lettuce, cabbage,

"It cases [divorce] today the of seems certified potatoes. and These committee. returned to our and the seems to beinvolved drunkenness—thatmost irrigation a problem, four where Our under grouped were questions days. these forprincipal cause divorce

is reported, shortage livestock, of water can be conditions, general of get are they drunk, no headings: husbandsWhen

value to their wives, to themselves or to agricultural crops, and personal. Emsolved to a great extent by following

anyone else."The National Voice, April, phasis was placed on accuracy, not the approved water and soil conserva1940. guessing, in answering the questiontion practices, such as contouring,

naire. building spreader dams, and by impractices, farming such as cleanproved OF CASES PERNINETY CENT found sheets the returned we From

late in the ing ditches fall and practicing LIQUORDERIVED FROM of need conditions, a general under fall irrigation store to spring early and for more need a conservation; water drinks, a fewSpokane, Washington—A in the for maturing crops later for moisture need livestock; a and machinery in his holes sorrow, check, bad and season. adjustorganizations; and Seattle cooperative 30, P. Fraser,shoes drove MacDuff

required of purchasing maThe new being police court. units,resident, into some acreage farm of ment

the financed through chinery can be the of University of large and others too small to operate Washtoo A graduate Administration's Security cooperFarmington, with Fraser vagrancy charged was profitably.

ative plan can obbe whereby moneyafter in the area Tuesday. a chase downtown revealed inquiries livestock Our at period tnree of Officer a years Special over captured youth wasThe by

all men tained and livestock farmers nearly said, officer Fraser, the specialRichards. interest. three this cent per same Under quality the in improving interested to a were pass attempted check bad a onhad registered of plan the purchase good herd purchasing coop their into herds store store.local of by the shoe dropped He sires the obtained to be improve can

thisto opportunity the ordered. shoes he get had also sires. an found By We livestock herds. quality of

time, discovered been however, had business feeding among the develop to partial of a survey have made We in theFraser and bank, had no moneyit ingrowers livestock farmers and our for lease available preare farms and fled shoes. theFraser without grain of great amount as a asmuch families aid desirous of going to is pared police said court In Fraser he been had valley, our out of shipped and grown the are farms. assured on Farm by needdrinking. We He showed—he said—and livestock. case with is the also which is Security that Administration to shoes, planned declareded money he had and sevapproximately report shows The in the the bank. mentionedhave for rehabilitation available money of He farm

the loss of a girl whom he had intended to entyfive per cent of the livestock shipfamilies, where suitable lease is secured profitably these can feeders; arewed. ped is for application proper and such made

cases,"cent of at per our remarked "Ninety cached grain finished more and be this strict assistance. plan, Under derived "are Yuse, from FrankJudge to deopportunity find an home. We is financial accounting required which It is allliquor. evil,"the of root he added selling coopermarket by velop a better will great solve problems a conmany jailas sentence. tenday he suspended a hogs, cattle, finished lambs, and atively, fronting assistance. people needing our

at employment also furnishing thereby the cooperation of asked We have home. ranchers farmers Latand in employing QUORUM PROJECTS brought crop inquiry Our agricultural possible Saint labor terday whenever

to our attention the need of introducing and have suggested to those who need

SAN FERNANDO GIVES new cash crops adaptable to our soil farm produce this fall to devote all

WELFARE PARTY and climatic conditions, in order their spare time on farms and ranches

An outstanding entertainment was maythat ourderivesmalllargerfarmersincomesand fromdairymentheir duringwork is springavailablewhenandranchwait anduntil farmfall ** the Welfare Party given in the San acreage. We found seventy per cent when crops are harvested for their

Fernando Stake House, in Burbank, of our wheat and barley shipped to produce.

Friday evening, February 23, 1940. markets whereas it can be used to unite Our efforts thus far have prepared us

This was under the sponsorship of the our dry farmers and livestock growers as a committee to serve our ward comSeventies and the stake missionaries. in a good feeding business, which will mittees intelligently, have given us a

The San Fernando Stake devotes the bring all concerned a better price. true picture of existing conditions

fourth Friday of each month to a WelOur personal inquiry presented the among our members engaged in agrifare Party, each month being assigned fact that we have families desirous of culture, and with their cooperation we to a different organization. The net going on farms and also large farms expect to solve at least some of our

proceeds go to the stake Welfare fund. that can be divided to supply the needed problems this coming season. Our next

During 1939 approximately $900.00 in land to rehabilitate these families. We effort will be to contact personally each

cash and hundreds of cans of fruit and found very few farm families or famward committee and through them seek vegetables were thus obtained for the ilies who have farmed, on direct or the individuals needing assistance and

Welfare fund of the San Fernando work relief. We found that some put our program into action.

Stake. young couples are not marrying because Whatever our accomplishments

There were approximately fifteen they have no financial security. We amount to this season will depend

hundred tickets sold for the party given also learned that there have been no largely upon the individual or indiFebruary 23rd, and about twelve hunsteps taken to put these couples on a viduals themselves.

dred persons attended. sound economic footing. We found a We are ready for action and results.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

first High Priests in this dispensation. DeMelchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, July, 1940 fend4. Compareyour interpretation.the role played by High

Text: Priesthood and Church Government. Priests in the division of labor as it occurs

(See problems and projects below.) in the Priesthood with that played by the

other officers in the Melchizedek Priesthood (Seventy and Elder). Why does it seem

fair and logical?

LESSON XIX those of other officers in the Church?

The Melchizedek Priesthood: D.6C. 107:25; 107:98; 124:139. LESSON XXI

SeventiesThe for then should be called(Read chapter 10, pp. 115121) c. Who preachThePatriarchs,MelchizedekApostles,Priesthood:Presidents the administering Gospel? ing and

I. Nature of calling: special duties D. & C. 107:38. (Read chapter 10, pp. 127131)

a. witnesses Especial

ministers I. Patriarchs: evangelical

b. ministers Traveling LESSON XX

a. Calling II. of authority Priesthood: Nature Melchizedek The

1. declare lineage To a. direction to Subject Priests of the Twelve High The

2. blessings To pronounce b. presiding responsibility, has but No 121126) chapter (Read 10, pp. 3. fathers as of the people Regarded full authority called to preside when

and set apart to do so by proper I. Nature of calling: duties b. Ordination

authority a. Have right to officiate in all Priest- 1. By Twelve according to revelaIII. History of organization hood offices tion

a. Selection* of first Seventies: Brig- b. Administer in spiritual things 2. Order of Priesthood from father

ham Young's account c. Fill presiding positions to son

b. Formation of later quorums c. Patriarch to the Church: general

IV. Relation of Seventies to High Priests II. History of ordination jurisdiction

3, a. at Kirtland, of Conference Priesthood) June degree (Same patriarchs 1831 d. Local

of "authority b. Melreceive Elders qualifications Special and responsibil- V. throughout Church 1. Appointed

first for time"Priesthood ities chizedek 2. to Patriarch to Church Subject

a. 1. Misapprehension fit for concerning labor missionary To be

b. To have spirit of Gospel statement II. Apostles

c. To have knowledge of scriptures 2. True interpretation: office of a. Special calling

d. To stand ready as minutemen High Priest for first time 1. Traveling High Councillors

VI. Quorum organization distinctive c. Names of first High Priests 2. Special witnesses

a. Number of quorums according to III. Particular qualifications and responsi- b. History of ordination

membership bilities 1. Meeting of Zion's Camp members

b. 14, 1835 February Numbered positions: in presiding in order of organization a. To function of jurisdiction ordained c. Order by Joseph Bishop- 2. Twelve Presiding First Presidency,

d. Distinctive features: incident to ric, bishoprics, stake presidents, high Smith

Seventies'calling as foreign ministry councilors c. Authority

presidents equal 1. Seven Under direction of First Presihave proven stability, faith, de- 1. in au- b. To presiding thority: seniority in dency votion

2. Quorum not easily disorganized c. To be depended upon under all cir- 2. Form quorum equal in authority

cumstances and power to First Presidency

Problems and projects: d. To set example before all people 3. Possess keys to open Kingdom in

1. What basis in scripture can you find e. To teach by experience of age all earth

for the calling of the Seventy? Compare f. To excel in performance of duties 4. Power to ordain and set in order

the need which called them forth in New all other officers

Testament times with the need early in the IV. Quorum organization d. Supervision of Melchizedek Priestnew dispensation and with the need today. a. Quorum in each stake hood: special responsibility

in Priests: those Includes all High 2. relation First of the Define the Council b. III. Presiding High Priests from positions quorum not exemptof of to the Council the Twelve; Seventy

to other quorums of Seventy. duty a. Right of presidency in Melchizedek

3. It would be stimulating to get an ac- c. Presidency appointed, set apart Priesthood

count of what Seventies are doing in home d. Meetings to be held regularly b. First Presidency of Church

well today. doesmissionary work How this V. Office of bishop 2.1. ConstituteForm presidencya quorumof High Priestfulfill calling their "special witasactivity

a. Ordination hood is calling Seventy's imaness"? Why

1. Priest Properly High a 3. Apostles Counselors not need be other release toportant from enough him

literal 2. of descendant Aaron c. As of President Church duty?Church

Priests 3. are Counselors High all 1. keys Holds 4. of Brief past biographies men, and

scriptural admoniQualifications: b. 2. of Christ of Earthly head Church their in outstandingpresent, been have who

tions interservice provide Seventies as would c. Classification projects: Problems andesting material. supplementary

1. Presiding peculiar patriarchs 1. of institution Is the

2. Traveling variousScriptural from Foundation: accounts to the Church? Hear

3. Local assist in learning his the having concerning Seventy what members quorum To

: Presi- d. Calling by First and removal to each. in the to in act the has patriarchs encouragingduty meant him Church and

office in which he is appointed, in all dilidency 2. How does the calling of the Apostle

107:99. C.gence. D. &.

the ofOrganization Seventy. Problems and projects: asSeventytravelingas travelingspecial witnessspecial witness?differ fromWhythe

a. How organized. D. & C. 107:93, 94. 1. Ideally, from the ranks of High Priests twelve Apostles? Can there be more? Ex-

b. Relative authority of each of the seven are to be drawn men for presiding positions. plain.

this practice? presidents. the actual been What Has story relate 3. of the someone Have the is c. this seniority? memberconcerning indicate meant might by What its historic march. Zion's Emand Camp toPriests'd. the typical the chosen? C. are D. Seventy of quorum ship High & How personalities incidents which phasize and

as ordained simply 96. 107:95, be Should day? men first from the of choosing the Twelve a make

e. of the of well quorums endorsement of seek matter age? do do we How Why its significant. ranks more

potential leadership? Priests represent Presof approval Stake Bishops and High

the of 4. claim the Distinguish between idents? bishoprics of 2. are ward members the "earthly the head of as President Why Church is the calling of the Seventy? f. What relation in Priests? Discuss properly High of the claim Christ"of of the and Church 107:97. C. D. & office, duties personal jurisdiction, of to churches. great of leaders other the Seventies: of theDuties qualifications. of Apostles Inspiring 5. of biographies 107: a. their duties? are C. D. & What

25, 34, 97. 3. Make clear what is meant by the wordthe new dispensation could fill several

b. Wherein do these duties differ from ing in the account of the ordination of the worthwhile fiveminute periods.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY TOHN D. GILES

THE AARONIC Tabernacle,but when theit wasclouddiscoveredlifted fromthat Miriamoff thePRIESTHOOD had been smitten with leprosy. Aaron

chastening. verbal the with Why, escaped written series in aThird of articles his as for to explain unable as we are F, Whitney, late Orson Elderby the calf, the golden after left alive making being

of the Council of the Twelve for worshiping which so many of his brethPublished originally in ren were put to death. It may be, and

"The Contributor"indeed is probable, that in the latter as in the former case, he was the blind tool of evil offender. speech principal the The and not

this: the "Hath angered Lord was had III. which

Theestablishingobject of theHis AlmightyPriesthoodin Hathcalculatedthe LordHe notindeedto sowspokenspokenthe seedsalso onlybyof us?"'—wordsseditionby Moses?and

among the people He had rebellion, particularly when falling from the authority. in lips persons of of Egypt of the land outbrought up to undergiven were Miriam and Aaron display continuous awith such the possess might they that though of stand

omnipotent power, was similar to gift of prophecy, and have dreams and to not they them, enlighten were to visions in regarding view haswhat He now to in authority equal themselves set up as lineal deIsrael, theHis latterday to face the spake Lord with Moses, whom ancient wanderof thosescendants will for sovereign His revealed face, and ers in the wilderness. It was to sancthe guidance of the entire nation. Moses

tify them, body and spirit, and preinterceded for Miriam, and she was healed, unclean accounted for days seven was but of His for the fulnesspare them the as was the camp, out from shut and OF THE FIRST TO COWDERY, ONE OLIVER sought object,glory. Moses This PRIESTHOOD Israelites IN THIS THE AARONIC RECEIVE lepers. relation to in The law

earnestly to attain, but like all reDISPENSATION. now removed from Hazeroth, and pitched

formers and men of God in all ages, their tents in the wilderness of Paran.

temdiscord, though of I the to demon But mouth, mouth speak him will "With with contend to meet andhe had the and quelled, not extinct, porarily in was speeches; dark apparently, not and even the blind alone difficulties; notmany burned insubordination fires jealousy of shall and similitude the of the he beLord and

bigotry and unreasoning opposition hold: wherefore then were ye not afraid even in the bosoms of some of the lesser

of the world, but worst of all, with to speak against my servant Moses?"Priesthood. An aspiring Levite named

internal dissensions, lack of faith Having thus spoken, the Lord departed, (Concluded on page 364) among his own followers, and the jealous murmurings and faultfind- ing of his immediate associates. YOUTH AND THE WORD OF WISDOM

What this finally led to, the student of scripture is already aware. We have now to

into error notable nextrelate the OF NICOTINE ON AND SMOKING EFFECT which WOMEN fell, through sister Miriam, his withAaron, BODY TOBACCO MIND AND in Moses, confidence faith that and ofa want their brother, which a Prophet of the Lord, TTJith women smoking, America is Professor O'Shea summarizes under has High, from directed oninspired and "* his conclusions * eighteen counts face to face probwith a serious the from expect to reason right andevery all in his habit, presented to the for this data lem, while harmful upon based lead. to chosen been has hepeople whom in is is nothing dogmatic to book. harmful There men, young more young God's by had Moses married—doubtless

It general conclusions, their stupefies the dulls these enthough and Cushite, women. or Ethiopian woman,command—an

is toagainst daughter tire the testimony Zipporah, nature, questhe of his trend because wife to moral andin addition of Jethro. This act, for some reason, greatly tion of motherhood comes into question bacco. He concludes that while indiwithout who, Aaron, and Miriamincensed in is reactions, their in serious one. viduals the vary problem a may Women done he had whether ascertain tostopping effect total tobacco the of on moderately; they the main smoke cannot smoke divine a himself, or obeyed ofthe thing tested in processes excess. nerwill be unthe mental Their and their nervously, with fell him to abusinginjunction,

tongues, and intimating, it is likely, that vous condition develops anemia and favorable.

he had acted on his own responsibility. The other ills to which the sex is suscepDr. D. H. Kress, in discussing the

offense, in their eyes, since polygamic martible.... great increase in the use of cigarettes

Israel, was ancient inriages neurologist, Kress, common were Dr. H. Again D. this say: to years, has recent during

taken that had he so not muchperhaps Hospital, Sanitarium and a Washington years, thirty last deaths the "During a married that woman he hadplural as wife, this to say* Park, has Md., Takoma increased heart disease have 67%; from the of violation in which Ethiopia,of was the present to women, who "When apoplexy and justideaths from 83%; from that he was However, law.Hebrew

in factors race redeeming been have the diseases despite "mixed disease done, Bright's These 131%.fied had he in what

marriage"prohibition—which God, the degeneracy, take up with this practice are all due to changes in bloodvessels.

to inhalation, will suspend the right race be of the law, smoke the hadgiver of is pressure increase blood a of An manifest plainly if It is thought for very doomed. worse He much proper—is nicotine."prominent symptom of the heard Lord followed. Thefrom what inhale the to as they smoke, men now question this must the tobacco In end faultfinders, these ofseditious murmurings for do; both but and commonly man

its effects those it greatly. upon who judged be angered Summoning byand Him inhalation to addicts to wife be smoke the Tabernacle, let unto with it. Moses itthem If men, then harmless, He use be

is is that everything destructive good. to these in words:rebuked them all pleasgirls the get boys, and women, better pair to such born Children a had I "If the prophet there a you, be among it if its use. be possible But from ure

.. into world."the ushered never been in will myself untoLord him make known should hurtful, then tobacco seriously in will vision, dream. unto speaka a him and

"My servant Moses is not so, who is faith- *"Is the Cigarette Destroying Our Young be put in the same class with other ful in all mine house. People?"Dr. D. H. Kress, p. 4. narcotics and stimulants.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

( Concluded from page 363 Priest was commanded to rescue their brazen seven requirements of the award,

Korah, cousin to Moses and Aaron, headed censers, and make of them "broad plates"which will be in full view of quorum altar, rebellion of the Lord's for a covering against "to them,a in which be he was a members during all meetings.

Israel, children that ofjoined of memorial unto the sons no and Abiram, Dathan by

Eliab, and On, son of Peleth, of the tribe of stranger, which is not of the seed of Aaron,

Reuben. These, with two hundred and fifty come near to offer incense before the Lord; WARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE

Israel, as that he princes ofof the as his be not "gathered and Korah themcom- FOR JUNE IMPORTANT said as the theselves to pany; together"against hand Lord and Aaron, Moses him by

and said unto them: "Ye take too much of Moses."HPhe Teacher's Message for June is

upon you, seeing all the congregation are (To be Continued) timely: "This is a day of warning,

holy, every then one of them: wherefore

I, for the words, and not a day of many lift yourselves ye the congregaup above last in the not to be mocked amtion of the PIONEER STAKE ADOPTS Lord, Lord?"

Moses, having vented his grief at this UNIQUE METHOD FOR days."(Doc. and Cov. 63:58.)

unjust charge, answered them in these MOTIVATING STANDARD The signs of the times and the warnwords: "Even tomorrow the Lord will QUORUM AWARD ings of our leaders indicate that our

is his are holy; will andshow and who who that in order, houses should be we of at least goal acause to them one Standard unto him: near even come XJiTnn follow counsel the should our of ward, will to hathhim he he chosen cause whom its for of each Award Quorum stake, that leaders, and and Church we near him."untocome in twelve the 1940, wards Pioneer Stake live lives true of Latterday should his to as Turning anger Korah, kindled Aaronic Priesthood has Committee Saints.he spoke: take too you, upon much "Ye adopted a unique of motivating method it sonsye Levi! of small but a Seemeth for Teacher's June Message The the award.thing that the Israel you, of unto hath God carefully, studied should and where be

separated the of from congregation you large effectively card, in printed article entitled available, the A "TakeIsrael, to himself bring to the to near you do colors, has supplied been to each quoYourselves,"Elder Heed by JoToservice the of the of tabernacle Lord, and to stand before the congregation to minister rum to be hung in each meeting room seph Fielding Smith of the Council of unto them? And he hath brought thee near as a constant reminder to members of the Twelve, published in the Deseret

to him, and all thy brethren the sons of Levi the aims of the award. News, Church Section, February 10th,

with thee: and see ve the priesthood also? On the card is printed each of the should be read.

For which cause both thou and all thy company are gathered together against the

Lord: and what is Aaron that ye murmur

against him?"

Moses now proposed to the rebels that they take censers and put fire in them, and burn incense on the morrow before the

Lord: that He might manifest to their full FAST OFFERINGS—CHURCH WELFARE PLAN

conviction, whom He had chosen and consecrated, and whom He had not so author- /"\ur Church is now engaged in a great program designed for the present, ized, to minister before Him in the Priest's v- the future, and the permanent welfare of all the members of the Church.

office. They did so, all but Dathan and For the first time in more than a hundred years, a plan has been provided

theirAbiram, tents, refused to leave who will to the which demonstrate the effectiveness, brotherhood, the world and their false railingbut continued accuand the divinity of the plan. Gospelsations the against Lord's anointed. Korah

is in fulfilled. chaos. Regardless world are being prophecies The The his fifty, allcame, with hundred two and

bearing censers whose unhallowed savor of what others think and do in times like these, our Church has charted smoked to heaven, an offering of wrath to a positive course, has provided a definite plan, and calls upon all members an offended God; and having gathered all to join in making it successful.

the congregation together against Moses There should be no mistaken notion harbored by anyone that the in Aaron, stoodand the with them door is It is case. the temporary. of Church Plan is not Welfare a permanent Such

ofthe the Lord. Tabernacle

set inspiration the at plan is apparwhich has been need up by a time when the to people warned Moses now move ent. It to is designed the conditions help every people our which meet tents the of Korah, from Dathan, andaway

Abiram, the latter two of whom appeared in thoughtful person recognizes are ahead. In addition, it is designed to

their doorways with their families, and stood emphasize in the Church the true spirit of brotherhood, as revealed through gazing in "curious scorn,"not unmixed with Joseph Smith, and eventually to end forever suffering, humiliation, and apprehension, at what was taking place. distress among the Latterday Saints. This can all be accomplished through

The Prophet then addressed the multitude: the cooperation and unselfish participation of all faithful and loyal members

"Hereby ye shall know that the Lord of the Church.

hath sent me to do all these works; for I The foundation of the Welfare Plan is the system of Fast Offerings

have not done them of mine own mind. instituted by the Lord for this very purpose. This sound, practical, and

"If die these the of death men common plan, all effective the if accepted Church, and followed members of by all if after visited the visimen, they or be possible will objective of the of Welfare the accomplishment every make alltation of then the men: Lord not hath

sent me. Plan; and, in addition, will benefit and bless those who give, as well as

"But if the Lord make a new thing, and those who receive.

the earth open her mouth and swallow Every member of the Church who desires to keep the commandments them up, with all that appertain unto them, of the Lord, and assist in carrying on His work here on the earth, should and they go down quick into the pit: then accept and follow in its true spirit the Fast Day plan of the Church.

ye shall understand that these men have To give money on Fast Day for the benefit of others will bring blessprovoked the Lord,"ings to the giver; to give of yourself, in addition, through fasting and prayer,

He had no sooner ceased to speak, than following the true spirit of the Fast Day, will multiply those blessings.

the earth the asunder beneath yawned clear. that for of the people asked are has His Lord The desires He

feet of with Dathan Abiram, and and they first refrain the give meals month, of each from on and two Sunday wetheir all children, that wives apand and distress. their cost in been of plan the never to equivalent those has That topertained the them, together with household and effects of Korah, went down to a rescinded, changed, or modified. It stands today as the law of the Church.

living grave in the depths of the swiftWhen it is accepted and followed by all members of the Church, the Welclosing chasm. The people who beheld fled fare Plan will provide for all who need, and will make possible both

terrified: but the calamity was not yet over. temporal and spiritual growth and progress in the Church far beyond what

A fire from the Lord went forth and conhas beenaccomplished in the past.

they stood,sumed where and Korah his "As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord."train bearers. of censerusurping they As

perished in the avenging flames, Eleazer the a

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

HAROLD SMITH, FIELDINGJOSEPH AssistantJ. KIRBY,Secretary. Treasurer. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, and President

A. WILLIAM LUND, L. GARRETT MYERS,

CHRISTENSON,JOSEPH Vice President. JAMESMARK E.M. PETERSEN,KIRKHAM, SuperintendentAssistant Treasurerof Researchand Bureau

F. BENNETT,ARCHIBALD Directors. ELLEN AssistantHILL, Librarian. Secretary and Librarian.

without this sealing not be complete to would in active temple urgently workAWAKENING THE INACTIVE be performed. being ordinance the their dead. Here is what redeem

Ane of the projects that the GeneaProphet said: To make a careful survey of the inthe then this do active and in each ward is emphasizing Society logical to time Saints not have too much The in active to necessary them living."make the for work work is "Templeyear their dead, gather and redeem save and will postemple genealogical activity work and temple increased for planThis relatives, their living they that together

would not be complete unless there was may be saved also, before the earth will be sibly require the cooperation of others an awakening of the inactive members. smitten, and the consumption decreed falls outside the ward genealogical comBy this we mean those members of our upon the world. mittee. In some stakes the High Priests'

Church who are not now taking an I would advise all the Saints to go to quorum has been asked to help. Such

active part in doing research work and with their might and gather together all a project should be carefully planned who have not been married in the their living relatives to this place, that they with the aid of the ward bishopric so temple. may be sealed and saved, that they may be that each one knows his responsibility

destroying that the the against prepared day him. of is expected are and what there memevery ward In nearly

if forth; Church angel and goes the whole inactive the that feel sure when temple in the married werebers We who all their to to save might should with go an will from that realize the come since joy there back not been haveand their posterity, their seal gather dead, and of blessing the in participation active few a only be time. Thisthat may their friends, their of living spend none and

years ago for some, while for others time in behalf of the world, they would the temple ordinances, they will adjust it may be many years since they were hardly get through before the night would their lives to be worthy of the promises who have not been married in the come, when no man can work; and my only the Lord has made to those who love

temple. trouble at the present time is concerning Him and keep His commandments.

divided, ourselves, that the Saints will be living means for the of peowork Temple group another is also There before up, broken and scattered, we in the upshare all should get our that members are members wards, inple, most who secure. salvation

their kindred lifting of redeeming labor been never have but theof who Church to the temple. They should go as soon With those who have not been mardead. Because "we cannot be made

as they are prepared, that they may ried in the temple it is a labor of love perfect without them, nor they without blesses us fully others for us,"sealed our work children their and wiveshave better conthe to and them show way offifor in as the we dead whom as this much only be done can andto them, blessings to the that obbe vince them will activity temple Increased ciate. of the Lord.the House far at the temple tained attendance by

and increased richer happiness go to are there some who Then they the outweigh any pleasure may have bring in it. to spirituality years. all who engage in one or two once onlytemple living. by their present mode of

These should be encouraged to go more They should understand the eternal often. its eternal continuance order family and Credit""Ditch this in worthy will help Whoever the faithfulness of the upon depends 343) page in inactive, from (Concluded the of awakening cause sealed their being upon and members officers district, and memmost In cooperate the shouldtemple work the eternal union of in the an bonds by

it in as bishop, shoulder to the shoulder with ward carefully bers worked Priesthood. the of sealing powers those determine to canal responsibility is the line of his the forward pushing

in one of Brigham Young words The recommend. temple of a are worthy the fromwho secure them would which upon impress his should discourses of inactive, are those be whoThere may Bishop years. of dry scourge cereof all marriage a the of need us and temple the to of going yet worthy his coun- L. Archibald and until Owen than bind that does more mony reason. Then for so some doing not are Leavitt and selors, Matthew wife. the and husband separates death adjust themmust those are there who enthusiLeavitt, children worked parents Daniel and between love The recomtemple secure they soselves may

mends. should continue forever, yet the family astically. Job foreman was stake

eternity only when through continue can E. Cahoon, G. Councilman High workgenealogical that suggest We is for time and performed the ceremony stake of the is chairman also who first assisting make them those ers and auhaving one in temple a by eternity outside committee. From list Welfare and the of ward survey careful a so. to thority do invaluable district, too, came ask the visited. Then of those the names

the bishop to check the list with them Here is what Brigham Young said: help: Seymour B. Smith, former bishand help them analyze the problem of This Priesthood has been restored again, op of Mountain View Ward, surshall connected be its authority we and people. by these helping probas is noted rancher, and veyor

sealof the ordinance fathers, our by with a of recomare worthy "the Those most irrigationconscious ably who chain perfect shall a form until ing, we the to to go encouraged be Equally Alberta."may mend in southern closing the man to up Father down from Adam

to inviting make them your temple... by beparents, unto born Children Josscene. water is Mayor about concerned

trip with the you. visit fulness of the with the latter into the Make enter the fore Cardston; of and John S. Low in eph to to necessary them everything be sealed that covenants, have see and them rensurveyor, government Mould, Priestthe heirs of legal temple a to become or three the for first two is provided assistance and kindly wise and dered the receive is It true they can hood. visits.

their receive endowcan they project ordinances, the many saved dollars—to renecessary It only seem would their in with blessed ments, and common be something as stands project which of the statement of such members still claim mind cannot the parents parents; but of people to a group of a monument unless he in eternity in which lawfully Smith and the Joseph Prophet them legally

expresses the need for all members to they are sealed to them. Yet the chain who determined to remain free.

I.M. A. GEORGE LAFLEUR, PROMINENT MEMBER

OF THE M. I. A.

FOR THE BLIND iihL BLIND

By R. DE RELL LITSTER

the fall of 1937, two Mormon Of the Canadian Mission

In missionaries were tracting in one of the suburbs of Ottawa, the capital city of Canada. The report was soon Elders had personalities such as he had

passed about that they were in the disnever met before, quite the opposite of trict. It finally reached George Lawhat he had visualized. An invitation

fleur, a young man with a keen intellect, was extended to the Elders to visit who unfortunately had been blind from George at his home. Three months labirth. ter, after earnest investigation, he was

George Lafleur had attended the baptized a member of the Church. cured and a date set for the first meetregular schools. When he reached the The one great ambition of George ing, Wednesday, October 19, 1938.

stage where he could advance no furLafleur has been to raise the standard After all the canvassing, planning, and ther without a college education, he of his fellow blind members. Upon preparing the program, the number that

inquired at the various colleges, which seeing the perfect organization of the turned out was not so encouraging.

were not so eager to enroll him. HowChurch, the thought presented itself The high hopes that had been soaring

College, in St. Patrick's Otthat ever, the the A. could be utilized M. I. levto brought a "cruising in were down

these field, to enroll consented that tawa, a him. To the lack of sight new el."Lafleur often comBrother has

people he feels greatly indebted. should not prohibit the blind from enmented since in an amusing manner,

For four years, with the aid of dicjoying this wholesome program. Elder "I had to go out and come in twice to

taphones and the help of his worthy Harold W. Blackmore was the dismake ten of us."The next meeting was

parents, he struggled with the regular trict president of the Ottawa District held the following Monday night at the before at completing the time, curriculum. Just and credit deal of a great these people the C. A. we Y. M. To

inis his degree, for his willingness last term for he was due to him adfor the feel also obligated very much formed by authorities that there was vance this great work. With the aid use of the rooms they so generously

a technical clause in the provincial of President Blackmore, Sisters Edna proffered free of charge for one year.

school regulations that would prohibit Ashby, and Augusta Brough, Brother The activities of an ordinary evenhis teaching, due to his handicap. This Lafleur was able to make a survey of ing's meeting are as follows: The

was. very disheartening and discouragthe blind in the city, numbering about meeting is opened by singing from the

ing. one hundred and twentyfive. Of this M. I. A. song book. This is followed

It was about this time that someone number many were disabled or getting by prayer (meetings are also always asked George if he would like to meet along in years, but the remaining numclosed with prayer) and then ten or some of these Mormons. "Mormons,"ber were quite enthusiastic in looking fifteen minutes is devoted to communreplied "Haven't George. singing. ity have mimeographed We meeting them?"troubles without I Aenoughweek wouldforwardbe toconstructivea weekly asprogramwell as thatenof the copies the songs group enjoys

or so passed when in August the two tertaining. However, they were all the most; the members were permitted

Elders, Harold W. Blackmore and possibly a little skeptical: "Mormons"to take these home and memorize the Ervin Olsen, again visited this person.—a very strong word! words. The song that brings the most

Fortunately, George was there. Upon With the assistance of the Ottawa joy, which we have adopted as a

being introduced to them, he found the Association for the Blind, a hall was setheme song, is "You Can Smile."The

following half hour is devoted to general program activity. This consists

of musical rendering, reading, dramatization, dancing, and current events.

It has been our objective to have the blind perform as much as possible.

They have developed some hidden talents that have lain dormant for years because of the lack of opportunity to

FIRST ANNIVERSARY OF PARTY THE M. I. A. express them; we have discovered harp

FOR THE BLIND. THE and piano players, vocal soloists, readAUTHOR EXTREME ISLEFTATFRONTTHE ers, public speakers, and poets. Fur-

(KNEELING). thermore, with the missionaries giving

of their talents, the Saints cooperating, and other artists being animated by a philanthropic spirit, we have had some of the best talent in the city perform for our organization.

The Era has been an invaluable asset to us in preparing these programs.

Each month we have used "Exploring

OTTAWA DISTRICT the Universe"; also many stories and

AT MISSIONARIES NOarticles that we have used seem to be CON- 5, 1939, VEMBER

FERENCE. PRESIDENT very much appreciated.

DAVID SISTER AND is devoted to games which SMITH SEEN INA. A period ARE

THE FRONT CENTER. are educational as well as recreational.

Games that seeing people can play (Concluded on page 369) ity. Two outstanding events are looked

FLAG WEEK forward to with interest each year: the

Ball. the annual banquet El Chejo and /Madmen T Tpon the request of the United qualified is to any open Membership

stake. of the must HeJUNE CONFERENCE by*"* authorityStates Flagof Associationa message fromand Masterattend hisM Manmeetings and be in good

HpHE annual conference of the Young Governor Henry H. Blood to the standing in his ward or the membership

* Men's and Young Women's Mulast Utah State Legislature, Flag committee will drop his name from the tual Improvement Associations will Week for 1940 will be June 8throll.

convene in Salt Lake City on Friday, 14th inclusive.

Saturday, and Sunday, June 7th8th- In a desire to cooperate with 9th, 1940. There will also be an Inthis request, all Mutual Improvestitute for summer recreational leaders ment Associations in this state

on Monday, June 10th. are asked to set aside a few moFriday, June 7th, will be known as ments at their Sunday Evening Tt is just about time to start packing

the Theme Festival and Honor Day. Service on June 2nd in honor of your bag for June Conference, You

In the early morning will occur a rethis week. Attention should be will not want to miss the Jubilee Conception and festival on the Tabernacle called to the symbolism of the ference Program. For District Super-

[rounds. There will be two general flag, its care and proper display, visors, it begins on Thursday evening,

?estival sessions in the Tabernacle. On and a sentiment of loyalty on the June 5, at a dinner meeting to be held

this day, also, sessions of the Choral part of citizens should be aroused. at 6:30 p. m. in the historic Lion

Clinic will take place. At 3:30 p. m. M. I. A. organizations in other House.

an outdoor reception for all M. I. A. states are asked to cooperate. Friday will be a day filled with colordelegates is scheduled. In the evening ful activities. At 8:30 a. m., as part

the big annual Dance Festival will be of the great morning festival on the held at Saltair. There will also be this day also BeeKeepers will hold an Tabernacle grounds, appropriate salutes

ceremonies in honor of BeeHive Jubiencampment at Pinecrest Inn, Emigrawill present a living BeeHive Emblem, lee Year. tion Canyon. which will remain throughout the conthe ference. throughout BeeKeepers tentative June 8th, the On Saturday, ANGELES SOUTH LOS erection, will the STAKE Church make possible Department follows: is asprogram REPORT MASTER of grounds, the Tabernacle M MEN on an allall age and for Executivessessions

this great of Marker""Memory is that interest the Church to note Tt of much diin morning for Eta the andgroups A in history. years of year BeeHive At the of group South Master activity groupsrectors, agegroups and M Men

will beautiful there 1:15, unveiled a be outthe includes Stake Angeles Los eveSaturday afternoon.in the On

dial, years the throughout sun which stake. of the standing members The parchoruses Tabernacle in thening

ticipating in the Choral Clinic will preorganization is two years old, and was will stand as a tribute to the service of sent a program of ensemble numbers set up with the idea of welding a group the women who have given of their building for of the men assisted by of BeeHive girls,and the fitting for climax the day the Master girls, and Junior Explorers,Scouts, togetherM Menwho hadaward,qualifiedin groupfor youth.time andA talents

will present a colorful pageant, activity, in spiritual, civic, and cultural will be the appearance of three hundred in colorful Girls in costumes BeeHive endeavor. to will 9th, devoted be Sunday, June Saltgreat the Festival a Folk on Dance after the meets Church group The sessions separate meeting, testimonya regular air floor part the of as dance month, of each second Sunday when and Youngfor the Young Women Men I. will presentations. This dance is A. presented. M. outstanding program an in the session generalofficers, a and forgotten. sight never to be a is be light usually buffet luncheon A the direction of the underTabernacle will to BeeHive be devoted Saturday at organmeetings. these served The final a the Church, of PresidencyFirst sessions. will departmental be These of twentyboasts ization membership a Presiat which eveningsession Sunday held Ensign in spacious the the includes of Ward two, which members will the be Clark, Jr., Reubendent J. its halls. adjoining chapel and council, From presidency, high stake Y. M.speaker.

a. the I. proto 12 9 noon, leaders. m. stake active summer other A., and M. will feature on program Monday The year its Jubilee the remaining set of and organization gram has The own demonstrations oninstructions and

in will presented demonstraofficers, events to be attempt not does comand

I. for A."On Summer M."The Way I. activity tion, groups. discussion, in activand with the A. pete Y. M. M.

SOUTH LOS ANGELES MASTER M MEN BALL

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

Luncheon will be provided for 25c, so that there will be no need to return to the busy district where service is so limited.

Resuming at 1:00 p. m., fiveyear

service pins will be presented. A demonstration of methods of presenting

BeeHive Guides will be followed by departments for leaders in each of the three Ranks with special help being given to new BeeKeepers.

From 3:00 p. m. to 4:00 p. m., a special meeting for stake and district leaders will be held where guides for leadership meetings will be presented and the

Honor Service for November discussed.

The beauties and values of the BeeHive program will be a major feature of the Saturday evening program in the

Tabernacle. This program will be one

which may be used for a stake conference evening if desired.

On Monday and Tuesday the BeeKeepers and camp leaders will find their dreams fulfilled in the BeeHive summer camp institute to be held on these two days. It will be filled with

thrills for you which will mean many, many happy hours for the girls who come under your direction during camp days which are so near.

Registration must be made early.

The estimated cost for transportation, meals, literature, and a refreshing night's sleep in the hills, will be about $3.00. Begin planning now to enjoy

this delightful experience.

Thus will close the June Conference

Jubilee Program, and we hope that in it leaders will find compensation for the many faithful hours they have devoted throughout the year.

Jubilee Silver Pins: So many requests have come to us for a silver

jubilee pin that we have had made a small silver hive similar to the regular girl's BeeHive pin. This is made in

silver and has a 25 embossed on it.

Any girl or BeeKeeper may wear it.

The price will be 15c and it may be obtained at the Y. W. M. I. A. It is

a lovely symbol of our Jubilee year and we are sure all of you will enjoy wearing it.

1. (top). BeeHive Silver Jubilee Annual Buzz, held

in the North Hollywood Ward, San Fernando

Stake. (Photo by George Bergstrom).

2. First Annual ExplorerJunior Girl Sweetheart Ball

held at the El Monte Civic Auditorium in El

Monte, Pasadena Stake.

3. Stake BeeKeepers of Southern California.

(Photo by David Stewart.)

4. Rigby Stake Gold and Green Ball held in December.

5. First organized Mutual Improvement Association

in Washakie Ward, which is composed of all

L. D. S. Shoshone Indians.

6. West Jordan Stake Gold and Green Ball in progress.

7. SantaquinTintic Stake fillin acts of road show:

a. The Sower.

b. The Angelus.

c. The Gleaners.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

know there were any good people left

M.I.A. for the Blind in the world until you people came

( Concluded from page 366 along."

To commemorate the first annivermust be translated so that they can be sary of this M. I. A. for the blind, on

adapted to the sightless. Monday, October 23, 1939, a social or

The last half hour of the evening "Birthday Party"was held. There

seems, to many, to be the most interestwere one hundred and fifteen present, ing of all. This period is devoted to including the escorts and missionaries.

dancing. Some of the blind had danced All the blind were dressed in their finthe oldfashioned waltz years ago; est for the occasion. They had been

others had never danced in their life; looking forward to it for weeks. A

thus, I am sure that it will be of interest member and her husband, who is emYour family will love the reto know just how we taught them the ployed in one of the 'large bakeries of freshing ocean flavor of Three modern waltz. At the first evening of the city, brought a large, beautiful

dancing, two straight lines were formcake with appropriate decorations, inDiamonds Crabmeat in such ed, alternately, a seeing and a sightless cluding a large replica of our M. I. A. summer delicacies as cocktails,

person. By each putting his right hand badge in the center. The president and salads and prepared dishes.

on the shoulder of the person in front some of the directors of the Ottawa of him, it made a full arm's length apart, Association for the Blind were presThe deepsea tang of Three so that all had the desired room necent for the first time. They were greatessary. A very fine illustration to show ly impressed at the type of program Diamonds adds a sparkling

them the direction to make the steps that was presented, and the way the flavorlift that gives zest to was made by letting them feel a book blind enjoyed it. We were pleased to warm weather appetites.

and explaining that they were to start hear them give us their favorable comat the left hand corner, make four ments, recommendations, and support. Mouths water to the tender

moves, and arrive back at the corner juicy leg segments of the Giant where they began. With the two lines King Crab. Serve Three Diain thecoordinating, moving same difirst to Victoria Champions monds Crabmeat TODAY. taughtrection, the square was

the rhythm of "step, reach, close."By Elder D. Forrest Greene

After two or three evenings of this Insist on this label at basketballthey the correct posture final were of chapter shown partner. seeingwith a in the State your grocer's today written was As historythe A speech class was started at first, of Victoria, Australia, for the..

but because of the limited time it was year 1939, the Mormons from Amerdiscontinued. Miss Kit Johnson has ica claimed high honors as the Young

written a play, adapting it for the blind. Men's Christian Association competiAt some future time they will endeavtion winners and as the State of Vicor to display their skill in this field. toria titleholders, representing the

The idea was conceived that a badge Y. M. C. A.

would be very fine to designate memThe following Melbourne newspaper bers and to signify the purpose of the comment helps to illustrate the appreorganization. Thus, a badge was deciation shown to the oversea Mormons

signed, reading BLIND perpendicular by Australian enthusiasts.

and M. I. A. horizontal, using just one

"I."This badge each blind member Mormons Have Helped

three in times attendingearned sucby of styles latest the with Conversant cession; obligated but they to were THREE DIAMONDS the visitors from play, forAmerican Mormon

feit it if times absent they three were three the past years have in States United in succession. This seemed to be interhelped improve Australian standards of BRAND FANCY

esting besides being an incentive to basketball, and to stimulate public interest.

punctuality and regularity.

Apart from competition games, the CRABMEAT/ne other activity is sponsored by missionaries have held coaching schools displayed for local adherents and have al- I. A., blind, for the M. the with in exhibition matches talents their it is not thethough held evening same

as the regular meeting. The blind have Australia's best in an effort to spread

found bowling entertaining besides bethe advantages derived from this fast, ing a splendid exercise. After giving clean game.

them a little sense of direction, it is a The Elders'efforts were crowned common occurrence to witness several with success in the final game of the strikes in an evening. Elders Clyde A. season when, after a hard and closely

Stanford and Lloyd F. Christensen fought contest, they won the envied

have been in charge of this activity. title of "The State Champions of Vic1939."for ladies the blind of has toria One who banquet held for the in- a recent At active, in attendbeen very and regular

in of basketball upbuilding terest andance, the time short a remark made world faOpperman, Victoria, Hubert this sheago that enjoyed had summer more than any other for years, that mous cyclist who might well be called some kind of new hope or enjoyment the "Ab"Jenkins of cycling because of had penetrated her soul. the records he holds, said:

Another from one comes comment of sport a secondary being Basketball of musicians, our faithful a strong, sucthe consistent admired I naturally romine, bust man, but totally blind, who said, cess of the Mormon teams and felt that "There are no better people in the there must be a specific reason for such world than the Mormons. I didn't (Concluded on page 370)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

Henry M. Taggart, former bishop of

Victoria Champions the Hawthorne Ward, Granite Stake, The Mystery of the ( Concluded from page 369 who in June of 1939 completed his third Seventeen Pintosoutstanding displays of speed and stamina. fullterm mission for the Church. The

It was gratifying, if not surprising, therefirst call, coming one week before his ( Concluded from page 347 fore, to discover in conversation with them marriage to Mary Laird in 1898, took after their match at Fitzroy stadium that him without purse and scrip to the The three brothers drew together their general mode of living and training Southern States, where he labored unand took a recount—and counted.

der Ben E. Rich. The second call came Unquestionably each of the brothin 1907, in the midst of saving and ers had received his proper alplanning to build a home, and sent him lotment, and still old Stickin-theto the Eastern States under John G, Mud's horse remained unclaimed.

McQuarrie. The third carried him in Certainly a miracle had taken place.

1937 to England, where he acted as Excitedly the brothers hurried presiding the Elder of Leeds District back to old Stickin-theMud's until his release. interim In the between

missions, Brother Taggart became suctepee where they found him calmly cessively one of the seven presidents seated before his campfire. He

of a quorum of Seventy, bishop's coundidn't seem much surprised to see selor, and finally bishop, an office which them again so soon. He merely

he filled for twelve years until 1936. squinted at them wisely, put another

Bishop Taggart's four sons have stick of wood on the fire and asked, added upon an already outstanding "Well, my young friends, have you

Photo by Waverley Studios, Melbourne. record by each fulfilling honorable divided your herd satisfactorily?"

the brothers, "but "Yes,"chorused JUDD OF JAMES THE AUSTRALIANPRESIDENT missions: Central the Milton H. in TEAM THE WINNINGMISSION AND thing miraculous has happened. OF ELDERS. States in L. in 1919; Hawaii a Edward

as demanded by the Word of Wisdom conin 1922; Leonard L. in California in After each of us took his rightful

firmed views to which I have been gradually 1925; and Renold L. in Eastern States share of the ponies your old horse

racing. years cycle of duringconverted in this 1 929. sixteen of misyears left The over, Stickin-theMud."was O

diet they favored which balancedThe activity in sionary the family Taggart praise to "All the Albe Manitou coffee, alcohols,the of elimination and continual a have incoming been and their their strong fromtobacco the mighty,"old medicine answered tea,regime—and their outgoing in of service part the on fruits forpreference steamed raw and here, lesson a "Learn man. my the Lord. excellentvegetables example provided an

I braves. only young gave you my citizen follow athletefor general to and both

as a basis for health and fitness. The twelfth in a family of thirteen old horse in order that you might

i iin i children, Brother Taggart was born at make a peaceful settlement in diRichville, Morgan County, Utah, on viding your ponies. You will recall

Father, Four Sons March 9, 1875. His mother was early also, I told you that if it was the will and widowed, circumstances humble

( of just ) Manitou is always who my his youth. Industry and plainPreach the Gospel marked horse restored to me. be would And, living also at brief residence marked a

The Record of Henry M. Taggart Star Valley, Wyoming, where his wife so it has worked out to everybody's

\ Taliant in bearing witness to the by a first marriage died. He has made satisfaction. My horse is returned

* restoration of the Gospel has been Salt Lake City his home since 1899. to me without taking anything away

from you; which goes to show that

we should always be willing to sacrifice our possessions for the welfare our fastest selling stockings of our neighbors."The marveling brothers returned

to their wigwams and soon the rebeing told at al! of the BELLE SIIUIHEEIIS markableponies wasstory of the seventeen

lodgefires in the village. From

give you supreme leg flattery mouth to mouth the story went and gradually the legend became known and exceptionally long wear to all of the other tribes—from the

Osage country to the land of the

This year's shorter frocks call for the exquisite Sioux; and from the Umatillas to

flattery of Belle Sharmeer stockings, famous the Seminoles.

with smart women everywhere. Belle SharAnd for many hundreds of moons

meers look cobweb sheer and wear like iron, old Stickin-theMud's fame went because they're woven of strong, perfect unquestioned until a skeptical medithreads in three leg lengths for individual fit. cineman of a rival tribe took a piece

Select yours in the new "Corsage"colors for of charcoal and a cleanscraped summer at Z C NCI. Priced $1.15. deerskin and began some mysterious figuring. Then he sneeringly

BREV, short... MODITE, medium... grunted:

DUTCHESS, tall "A miracle—Humph!"

But unfortunately the deerskin bearing the figures became lost—and

so anyone doubting old Stickin-theZCIUI

First Department Store"Mud's ability to work wonders will "America's have to do his own calculating.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

revitalized.

the bish- A BISHOP SPEAKS theyThismustis partlybe founda jobandfor (Concluded from page 346) auxiliary with capable officers, the opric, but it is more a job for the request to supply Home MissionPriesthood quorums, and even more field of labor. It would be an inexaries comes as another burden. This for the Home Missionaries. Forcusable oversight not to include extra manpower cannot be had just tunately, the process of revitaliza-

Home Missionaries on the ward by wishful thinking. It is a matter tion grows in geometrical proportion.

scroll. of plain arithmetic. If there are We need only start the first link

In ward or stake conferences or more jobs than persons, some jobs firmly and it will tend to grow of other occasions whenever the names will go begging. Aesop told the itself.

it is justof missionaries are read, the Home story of the mother toad who tried Hard as it will seem,

Missionaries should be included, for to puff herself up as big as an ox, good management to start the prothey are just as much a part of our only to burst from the futile effort. cess moving. It is like taking for

missionary service as any of those To put the problem another way: seed purposes, grain and potatoes

who labor far from home. wards, as well as individuals, have badly needed for food, and it is a

found that no matter how much or plan and system we cannot afford IV how differently you may subdivide not to support. The present organiUpon the release of the Home or allocate it, your budget can never zations will suffer temporarily, but

Missionary, he should be afforded be bigger than your income. There's there will be a wealth of recompense

an opportunity, with full recognition a limit to it and that's all there is to in the discovery of new and latent of his service, to report his mission. it. abilities in our present membership,

The occasion should be appropriate and the fruits of the Home Missionand carry all the compliments that Taking a look at our membership aries'labors will soon be evident in are accorded full time Foreign Misrecords, it would appear that we new faces and new enthusiasm in all sionaries. have material, and to spare. But in of our meetings. Like bread cast

V vidualsthat membershipwhom I wouldare numerouscall "nominal"indiupondays themultipliedwater to returnseveralafterfold,manyso

Finally, Home Missionaries upon members. Some might call them Home Missionaries will bring back

their release should be provided with "dormant"members, but I take the into the ward many times their own an opportunity to continue actively word dormant to mean "sleeping"strength in new active members.

engaged in Church work. They and to imply that if roused they

should not feel that they have would be exactly the same as any "served their mission"and now other live and active member. That,should retire in favor of others. The however, is hardly true of a great WEDDING INVITATIONS

is built ANNOUNCEMENTS I organization call of these nominalChurch and upon many whom 100 activity for S4.SO principle of universal are, tothe demembers. a large They

"everybody works,"and the release gree, members in name only. They White paneled invitations with two enof velopes, choice Script English or Old always should be not one position they only Church; not attendfrom do Printing Service 24 Hour another into the door tithing; also opening notonly pay do not they do Postage prepaid remittance accompanies when

activity or responsibility. observe the Word of Wisdom; and

If the foregoing suggestions are they do not in other ways live up followed, there is no question that to the obligations of members. BeorderHOVEYDANCE PROGRAMS—TICKETS—INVITATIONSPRESS

we shall have an enthusiastic and fore these people can be put to work 25 East No. Temple—Salt Lake City—Was. 9G72

highly successful Home Missionary organization.

Practical Applications

"Cor a great many wards, the plan Enjoy FULLY AGED Natural Cheese ideal—notas set forth,fully however,acceptableis ofonlypracan Bluhill is zesty, tangy NATin the larger tical operation. Except It's deliciously 3 Varieties

crying need URAL cheese. a there is always wards, AGED CHEDDAR for capable workers, and the indidifferent f o r sandwiches,

viduals who would make good Home snacks and cooked cheese PIMENTO

Missionaries are sorely needed as dishes. You'll praise its exDUTCH LUNCH

"key"men in ward organizations. cellence when you try it. Do

Not a few bishops feel like the so today! horsetrader down south years ago

who was disposing of his nags at one dollar apiece. To the incredulous onlooker who inquired if he 3k)Dk$Dh

really meant any horse in the lot for a dollar, the trader replied, "Yes, sir, in any one of them—except the one

the center; if I sold him the rest would fall down."Bluhill Cheese

There is hardly a ward that has In Your Retailer's Ice Box one hundred per cent organization "Bluhill Denotes Quality"in all departments. To the bishop

who is earnestly striving to fill each

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

Horse Thief inknockedthe roadout ofwithhim.all of the wind

THE ADVERTISERS (Concluded from page 342) They started the return journey, and Where You Will Find that snaked out, fell true, and was with Simpers leading the sorrc). The

Their Messages pulledhorse totightone byside.SimpersThe thiefturninglandedhis horsetied togetherthief in underthe saddlethe horse'swith hisbellyfeet

American Asphalt Roof Corp 378 swore considerably while Sharp and

Beneficial Life Insurance Co Bennion, each with one of those

Back Cover 371 prized revolvers, brought up the Bluhiii Cheese

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated rear, joking and laughing.

357 Milk just after they dust saw their We University Young Brigham over met them Lookout and 383 came Corp 383 MetalCrafts Century

Church's Grape Juice 372 when they arrived.

381 Oil Continental Co fiction, this there doubt no Were 375 Book Co Deseret lead hot have been enough would 382 Press Deseret News flat to that warhave around on 327 Bros. Music Co Glen...NO SUGAR slung 356 Milling building smelter us a ranted of today Co Grain & Globe

371 Press it. Hovey holes part to reclaim of Enough ADDED 328 Glass Kerr Co quiet, in that shot been would have Church's Inside Back Cover DELICIOUS KSL supplied air to desert have morning, 328 College Business S. kern D. L. Juice is made Grape

Lankershim Hotel 374 luscious, vineripaAed enough holes to have stocked the 327 Strauss Levi generations, for market cheese Swiss Mety grope*. be Concord 374 Fuel Supply Co Mountain I'll fiction. this is not let you in taste, Try diluted to HI but 355 Inc Nalley's,

Ogden School of Beauty Culture..374 on a secret. The horse pistol Father

Pacific Greyhound 327 carried was a fine one. He had

Palace Hotel 328 plenty of powder and bullets but no

Culture..373 of Beauty School Quish full of a belt caps; Bennion had 379 Fire Ext. Co Comet Red firing for his pin but no 372 cartridges Baking Co Royal

Saltair Beach Corp 378 revolver; so Simpers had the only

Shell Oil Company serviceable weapon, that is if a rawInside Front Cover hide lariat can be called a weapon, of California....357 Standard Brands

Standard Oil Company 377 that those men had.

Sugarhouse Lumber and HardSuch was the spirit of determina325 ware Co tion displayed almost daily by our 369 Crabmeat Diamonds Three in their determination to parents 323 Pacific Stages Union

Utah Beet Sugar Industry 321 make this state of ours a fit place in 379 Engraving Co Utah live enjoy ourmight which and we 326 Refining Oil Co. Utah all off selves. did to hats Our who

Producers'Coop. Poultry Utah

all pioneers. to such noble work and 374 Association

Washburn and Condon 369 White Star Tuna, 324 CHURCH'S

Yergensen Teachers Agency 379 Z. C. M. 1 370 GBAPE JUICE Church Moves On

( Continued from page 351 mentator, puts more challenge into his enunciation than any other person I know... Raymond Gram Swing has, for my

taste, the acceptable radio personality. And Bread You'll he, too, is a very modest fellow, in private

conversation... For a personality that

matches the program, give me Richard

Evans, who does "the spoken word"on the L. D. S. Tabernacle broadcasts from ENJOY Salt Lake City.

No,4hooey"SEMINARY MEETS STRESS NEEDS There's no ''hooey"in Royal Adverclearness for spirituality, that don't claim tising. Royal '"Phe We IVfTTThvV. lesson statement, of A andneedsimplicity beauty will bring you new Bread

personality, ability pleasing inspire to glamour. All we try to do is the student, and cooperation in the charFINE and

remind you that Royal Bread is acter and narcotic education now being good bread—a taste - satisfying, conductedemphasized inat thea twodaypublic schoolsconventionwas BREAD

bodybuilding food that you will of more than eighty high school semFRESH enjoy. inaryin SaltinstructorsLake. held April 14 and 15

every day at your grocer's It was reported that at the end of 1939 more than twenty thousand stuROYAL BAKING CO., Salt Lake & Ogden, 100% HomeOwned dents—seventy per cent of the high

(Concluded on page 377)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

THE COMMON SOURCE OF RELIGIOUS TRUTH ( Continued from page 345 sway, but he will save us and even after a passion drama, celebrating the death "saviorAttis, their of we shall be the objects of his proviresurrectionBegotten Son22 dence. 20 the god resurrection of god.""Thesanctified from all.. sin,. thatand [they]enjoy themightwordsbe

burial practice, of sallife assurance life it the eternalof in this world, with and eternal in brought A Sumerian glory.in the to even immortal world come, inthe anrespects resembling this chiefly 23 many men, and vation for

put custom, Egyptian was to Like of water cient stream a perennial cluded the81 promise of happy imother silver, food, gold, and many mortality."this of immortality divine assurance

followed downward through the supposedly useful articles in the Mithraism, the strongest pagan ages. The testimony of this verity tombs of the deceased. These "Royal rival of Christianity, recorded in its

was strengthened from time to time Tombs"date back over 3,000 years literature, "Though I was born a

.by revelations from God to the holy B. C. Thus a cardinal precept in mortal from a mortal mother..

prophets. Hundreds of their statethe oldest known Mesopotamian having been sanctified by the sacred

ments appear in the scriptures bearcivilization was that of the immortalceremonies, I am about to gaze with soul. of the the validitying of the to docity witness immortal"32 eyes on the immortal the Even Greek philosophers aeon.trine of persistence personof the

ality. Also, ideas filtered outward taught the eternal nature of life. When one considers the univerfrom the main channel of truth, givSocrates is purported to have said, sality of the immortality concept, he

ing hope to many pagan souls. "When death attacks a man, his may be surprised to find that the

All the religions that became popmortal part dies, but his immortal Old Testament contains a meager ular in the ancient world were the part retreats before death, and27 goes amount of information on this Gosones that assured their devotees a away safe and indestructible."pel truth. Only glimpses of that

happy, glorified life beyond the The Mystery Religions, pagan doctrine are found in the Hebrew grave. Religions that have been rivals of Christianity during the first scripture, the most clearcut statevital forces in the lives of worshipers four centuries A. D were constructment being recorded in Daniel:

and have made positive contribued around the concept of a glorified "And many of them that slept in the tions to human happiness are those immortality of cult members with dust of the earth shall awake, some that offer means of obtaining salvaaccompanying formulas of howwor- to everlasting life, and some to83 tion and give an assurance of life shipers could achieve that glorificashame and everlasting contempt."

eternal. tion. Members of the Eleusinian But there are enough statements

The ancient Egyptian, MesopoMysteries declared: given by the prophets and in Psalms

tamian, Greek, Roman, and Indian To us alone is there joyous light after to show that the Jews did conceive religions all taught the doctrine of death, who have been initiated and who of man as being eternal.

touching our duty as fashion lived in pious is however, Testament, The immortality yet each hadthe of man; New people.28 private to strangers and

filled of the imdoctrine the with the interpretation regardingits own final condition of the eternal essence Herodotus, the Greek historian, mortality of man, containing eviof which he is composed. In India stated in regards to the Thracians dence of the preexistence and of

the ultimate end of one's living the who instituted the worship of Dionypost-mortal existence. Shortly begood life was to lose his individual sus: "They believed themselves imfore His crucifixion, the Master of

identity by becoming absorbed in mortal; they think that they do not life eternal earnestly prayed, "O

the great "worldsoul."Conversely, die, but that the29 dead go to join their Father, glorify thou me with thine

as early as 3,000 years B. C., the god Zalmoxis."own self with the glory which I had31

Egyptians were embalming their deIt was commonly accepted Orphic with thee before the world was."

ceased preparatory to a literal resurdoctrine that "the soul is immortal A splendid example of the Christian rection of the body. Their chief for it came from God. The5 body concept of immortality is Paul's fadeity was Osiris. "From the earliest is the garment of the soul."( Concluded on page 374

times, he was regarded as the godDating from nearly 600 B. C. 31Firmicus Maternus, De Errore, 22; Willoughby,

cit., 128. op. the worshipers to nearly A. D., 400 died, rose again, who suffered,man 574. See Nationale, Suppl: Gr. Bibliotheque held Mysteries the Mother Great in heaven. eternally cited Dieterich, in Willoughby. reigned Eine Mithrasliturgie, He ofand

was the king of eternity, lord of the 28Cited in ibid., 194. op.ssDanielcit., 163164.12:2.

cit., 5. MJohn 17:5.

ff, cited in Willoughby,everlastingness,.. 24. whose exist2sAristophanes,27Cited in Bennion,Ranae,op.455ence is everlasting."He promised op. cit., 6465.

resurrection to his faithful followers 28Herodotus,S0Kaibel, InscriptionesIV, 93 ff. Graecae Sicilae et Italiae,and rewards for their righteousness. No. 651. BE INDEPENDENT

Even until after the advent of Jesus, No Other Vocation so Profitable cult of theinitiation into ENROLL NOW Osiris MUSIC KNOWLEDGE certain of a happy hope the"meant For a Complete at the Course 35 immortality."In fact, the most inBy Delsa Davis McBride

its this faith of itemdubitable was Qulsh School of Culture Beauty dwells that music much This that they devotees to theassurance the in Best The shells. West as In living same Ithings—theknow, eternally. live In the wordswould trees, the through of All whistle S. 336340 winds Main, American

Aquelius, an ancient writer: Proving music in the breeze. SALT LAKE CITY, Blag.,UTAH

I bee, hear a bumble When is] For Further of souls, Information leader savior [Osiris the and for sings me; a song he I know receiving to Call or Catalogleading them and

fly I by, geese wild see when And... his or again. 7560 escape Wasatch neverthem Wethe canlight

I the in sky. there's music know Fill in This

spring, I the in listen 29:42. Section 22Doctrine Covenants, and When Coupon

Price, b. of 6:58 Great Moses I I sing. crocus think hear my

British in the Collection to the Egyptian Guide 23Pearl2iA is this Partly, I know why 139.Museum,

that lives in grow. things 193. Music Regeneration, Willoughby, Pagan Harold

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

The Common Source of FOR THE FINEST QUALITY ASK FOR Religious Truth

(Concluded from page 373)

discourse. mous Among other fine MILK WHITE EGGS

things, he said:

For as in Adam all die, even so in Christ shall all be made alive.... The last enemy

that shall be destroyed is death..,. The

dead shall be raised incorruptible, and we shall be changed. For this corruptible must

put on incorruption,33 and this mortal must immortality. put on

Equally as clear, forceful, and detailed as the New Testament's teachings on the immortality of man is the philosophy of the Nephite prophets. 38 They had a positive belief in the eternal nature of personality. In fact, they considered temlife poral as merely a probationary Poultry Producers'Coop Utah Assn in state the for to prepare which

87 "Milk White"Schools Eggs are used I. A. Cooking exclusively in all M. greater grave. existence the beyond

If one studies the aggregate information on eternalism contained in the Book of Mormon, he may be surprised at the unusual amount of deIt just tail relative to life after death contained therein. From the Nephite

record, we obtain a more comprehensive understanding of the Gospel CAN'T teachings on immortality than from any other ancient record. A good

example of its teachings follows: make any I say unto you that this mortal body is

raised to an immortal body, that is from death, even from the first death unto life, noise! that they can die no more; their spirits uniting with their bodies, never to be divided:

thus the whole becoming spiritual and immortal, that they can no more see corruption.88

The belief of Latterday Saints in

If you look at one refrigerator, look at the

Gas refrigerator. If you look at more than immortality is probably the most dyone, look at the Gas refrigerator to see the namic, vital, and comforting force in

difference. It has no moving parts in the their lives. It is a beacon light,

freezing system. It simply can't wear or guiding the faithful in the path of

become noisy. Operating cost is low and godliness. It gives comfort in time

stays low.

A size to meet your needs. Convenient terms of grief, fortitude in time of temptation, and it offers a goal of incalculable value toward which to work

MOUNTAIN FU EL SUPPLY COMPANY thateternalof lifeGodhood.summarizedTheforMasterthe nobleof

M*f7*Ji*.&. ===== man, who knows that matter, life,

Salt Lake Ogden Serving 23 Utah

Provo Communities personality, and other things of value are eternal, the goal of living.

In His own words: "Be ye thereENROLL fore perfect, as even NOW your Father if Desired) (Commence Later

is perfect."which is in heaven Complete $25. Discount on a

COURSE IN BEAUTY CULTURE Hotel Lnnkershim

A State Accredited School 7TH t tROAOWAY l Corinthians 15:1-58.

S2.M "No Bargaining—$3.00 $150 Berrett, Hunter, Welker, Fitzgerald, "Book of

Immortality,"of Concept Mormon A Guide to the Culture School of BeautyOgden 7990. Study Book Mormon, of of the

TheatreOver Egyptian OGDEN, UTAH FrankLOSWiihon,No ANGELESWorry"Optr*lor of 2:1929. Mormon, 2 Nephi 37Book

Name Ibid.. Alma 11:45.

Address City State Matthew 5:48.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

WINNER TAKE ALL senderit. "Well,had evenI'm aput..green."beganstampsTad.on

(Continued from page 339) took a great leap and almost stop- "Pudge again!"

"I'm through here today. You're ped. If only she dared, but instead Linda Gray fumbled for her purse

safe after today."She would turn she leaned toward him and said, and gloves and old felt hat, walked

just far enough for him to see her "I'll just exist until I see you again."as calmly as she could to Wiley's

nose. Someone had said it was an Tad nodded, checked up a score desk. "I'll be out at the new P. O.

impudent nose and had added unfor her in midair with a sweeping site if anyone dies and leaves me a complimentary remarks about her finger, grinned sheepishly. That million,"she said. She jerked on the

"stubborn"chin. Linda's chin was proved he didn't care. The newsgreen felt with a swift tug, and was

not a bit stubborn just then. room laughed. Madge laughed gone, but not far. Perched on a

loudest and longest. They all let high stool by the table against the

Suddenly Tad shifted Linda know how clever they thought partition, she dragged down the about and met her gaze. He smiled. her. bound volume of last year's NewsNow, she prayed, now! But she That was the way of the world Herald, opened it—and listened.

heard herself say primly, "What a a topsyturvy place at best. Tell it Tad was addressing the newslot of mail!"lies and it was sure you hid tears room. "Say, bend your ears I've

"So Bill's coming back tomorrow,"behind a gallant smile. Give it the got something at last."He began

Tad said. straight unvarnished truth and it to read:

its shouted, clapped silly hands and relief, of suspected him Linda Auntie Mae: Dear could have a wit!"Linda "What indifferently, (she hoped)nodded I've to help for trying you me but Thank cried. goodness.""Thank solution, hereby and out figured own my

letprecious to his Tad returned it contest, in if I may. suryour submit "You'll be glad?"was He

prised. ters, and Linda stared unseeing at I have let HIM know how I feel, beyond

"I hate realty board meetings,"her incomplete story. Deadline was a possibility of his misunderstanding, even

But, times. terribly at he's dense though Linda, thought Deadline, coming.Linda evaded, pretending to be very go. far as I'll as Auntie dear Mae, that's in than one! hands Her more waysbusy. I stick at proposing.

"You won't be here any more were icy. Moments danced rapidly If he doesn't love me enough now, knowthen after today?"He seemed deto the castanets of typewriters. Toing I love him, to trample his idiotic wall

termined to bother her. She nodded morrow was coming too quickly for he put between us, then I don't want to

as carelessly as possible. "What Linda. notice;marry him.but I justI didn'twon'tsaywantI'll quithim lovingany longer.him,will you do then, Miss Gray—Then, Tad lifted a pale green en- I've gone this far. I'm telling him I'll be

mean, tomorrow?"velope from the pile. It was adat Mountain Meadows Country Club alone,

So he was interested! Linda's heart dressed firmly in dark green ink; the (Concluded on page 376)

DURING JUNE CONFERENCE Be Sure to Visit BOOK HEADQUARTERS

M. I. A. READING COURSE BOOKS PRIESTHOOD LESSON BOOKS

Executives......Unto the Hills $1.50 Priesthood and Church Government

By Richard L. Evans By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

$1.50 Special Price—Charged

$1.35 Order..... With Special Interest Groups Unto the Hills $1.50 Cash

By Richard L. Evans Priesthood and Church Welfare 50

Special Interest Groups One Who Was Valiant Reading Material for Members of $3.00 Supplementary Harmer and Mabel By Clarissa Young Spencer Priesthood Quorums:

Acts Four Gospels and M Men $2.50 Smith.. of the Apostles With Life of Joseph F. articles in the Coordinated Era Joseph Fielding Smith By

Gleaners Four Gospels and Acts of the Apostles With Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith $2.00

Coordinated articles in the Era By Joseph Fielding Smith

Explorers..Selected Book of Mormon Stories Key to Theology (New Edition) $1.00

* (Supplemental Reading Material: Book of Mormon, Postpaid By Parley P. Pratt

60c, Voice From The Dust, $2.50, By Genet Bingham Dee) Lesser Priesthood and Notes on Church GovernJuniors Hello Life $1.50 ment $ 1.00

By Elsie Talmage Brandley By Joseph B. Keeler

Scouts -.....Monarch, the Big Bear $1.50 The Gospel $1.00

By Ernest Thompson Seton By B. H. Roberts

BeeHive. Singing Tree $2.00 Distinctive Features of Mormonism.35

By Kate Seredy By Bryant S. Hinckley

DESERET BOOK COMPANY BOOK HEADQUARTERS 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

Summer Reading WINNER TAKE ALL for Young Folk [Concluded from page 375) Linda felt cornered. She slipped

Saturday night, if he has anything to tell from the railing, twisted free of his (Concluded from page 357) me. If he doesn't show up—well, I'll go arms, turning to face him. The

away. Brandeis, Benes. and chiffon swirled, frostDembitz green Edouard floated

right? think I'm After Don't you interest in the the biographical from Apart to trembled peace her about there solution be, can no matter howall, ily, it is in material the book, valuable as a what silver sandals. unless him, loves I love he me? much to to stimulus people planning begin young

Pudge. "It's prize the first I ever won,"their careers. own C. M. J.

she said, proving she could be lightOXUS IN SUMMER "I'm beginning to like Pudge,"ly gay, too. "I'm not lucky at con-

(Katharine Hull and Pamela Whitlock. said Madge abruptly. "The gal's tests."She hadn't intended for her

spirit. Macmillan I don't got Company, New York, 1940. just believe this HE voice then. to shake 271 pages. $2.00.) her."of hers deserves said "Pudge,"Tad.

"I think said know,"Tad. "You fertile facile brains the of pens and into tried to her Linda sob changeThe right."these you're writyoung women,.... began who "I've laugh. conceit a given a your

fifteen ing at the of sixteen, tender ages and getting fully intended Linda on for I? boost, rare haven't scoop A delightful to brought have another book to shake GlenFriday morning up their Linda this old juvenile your in public. Gray NewsHerald. In as book,

their previous ones: Fardistant Oxtts and dora's asphalt from her number three Wetherby of New York pursues

is at to once. the She'd Persia, highheeled oxfords scene the Escape Exmoor continent. fiance across former

district it lively of Into six the England. little fool, she wouldn't a but been to takes Heiress be near who man children enter for their wholeheartedly aclonger. Glendora be any And this? was jilted tivities her. their imaginings. and PamOr—how'sjob stay, nothto having place a ghastly delightful for It is a children book from final at playgirl pass pered makes

ten to fourteen. M. C. J. ing to do with hours and hours. She poor but proud youth."

contest. the of because waited only again. said "Pudge,"Tad

if PEOPLE'S tellOTHER HOUSES her night's paper would That "Don't!"Linda. warned "Tad, (Margery Press, Bianco. Viking New the course not. or "Of Pudge won I've these hated four weeks. you 1939. York, pages. 201 $2.00.) thing,"she a doesn't mean gown cruel. been You've might have You

* that carried insisted. courage f*HE seventeenyear-

I least looked at surprised when old * after through Dale job one another all Frihaving of stayed And first in I'd that rather day. walked that she so the could ease burden for her

... day told me, sister, you everyone about mother had nineyear-old and Charlotte,

will make stimulating reading for girls. Saturday night a chill little wind asked them to throw me out, than

in the in the addition Bianco dancers fine drove Miss the from to Mounvery have. ignore you Anyme as story which has written she has an added tain Linda veranda. Meadows pretending but we attraction in this in that jacket the volume thing—anything,to left alone, leaning weakly was Gray frontispiece thenand were you have been when Kate drawn by And

railing. if he against the What /. C.Seredy.—M. it got strangers.letter—-and mine knew was my

didn't come? She had to see him, Tad."—to—to—oh, only to say goodbye.WHAT DO YOU WANT TO BE? if "Don't cry,"he begged. "I al-

(George H. Waltz, behind opened her. Waltz girls A door they have to hug ways when Holt andHenry Company, swelled, Jr. Illustrated.New York. music then as the receded if I might I begin cry, Pudge, and pages.237 $2.00.)

door slammed. "It looks very nice,"not let go."

dealsnp'His the with recognized book vosaid didn't someone. "But you why stiffened, crying.""I'm not Linda

fields -*- cational in has addition and chaplet it pick out? help you me I was pushed away. him "Anyway, ters dealing television, radio with and quite surprised the manager when the for thanks gown. It's—-it's careers, the colcamera with schools and

leges to attend, books to read, and a career said you'd come and taken the gown lovely. I hope you make that

quizz. gone."and a good husband."frowsy Madge

It will serve as an introduction to the laughed. gasped, "I'm glad you like it, 11 said Linda, Then he Tad

careers that are to openmany tightly. boys—and, turning. not held her voice as caught Linda and sounded Her

lists the thealthough author as book "A cool "Jealous as the little wind. "Greeneyed,""I've he teased. always girls find for willCareer the Boys,"Book

book helpful. Nowadays when professions been told I look well in green."little monster. I'm sorry for me."

to few, personsseem be so Banalities young when heart her burstwhen was Linda's voice was muffled. "Whthis discouraged,get so should book so sure very you "Were who h-hy?"their early in they thatplaced hands may was?""Stupid! I give win. be—sheing! in. Youselect carefully plan more more and

wisely. M. C. J. "Green paper, green ink—and That is—will you?"

then the manager said she took a "Now what are you talking

CALL IT COURAGE green gown."Tad slipped his arms about?"quavered Linda.

(Armstrong Sperry. Illustrated. about her, caught her hands and held "About marrying me!"

Macmillan Company, New York, them. "Besides—are there other Linda sighed and shut her eyes.1940. 95 pages. $1.75.)

Pudges in the world?""Dear Auntie Mae,"she whispered.

This story of Mafatu, the Boy Who Was

Afraid, has come down in the folklore it is thisof the story Polynesians—and

sets for THE INSPIRED REVISION OF THE BIBLEwhich Armstrong Sperry down children.Englishspeaking at fifMafatu {Continued from page 337) ment of Christ, and finally the esre-teen had a fear of had the sea, which

mained with him since he had been a child ceive the Holy Ghost; that Adam tablishment of the New Jerusalem

of three and had clasped his mother by the was baptized by immersion by the in the last days, followed by the as sheneck had managed to get ashore Spirit of the Lord; and that Adam Millennium and the personal reign her she died.with before boy

the received Priesthood after the the of the Messiah upon earth. AH finally this fear conquered Mafatu How

this In the his people. to Only Begotten. Order of taught Enoch told. is excitingly Stoutand Heart became—M. C. ]. vision also Enoch beheld the AtoneAlso sixteen verses giving a more

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

The Inspired Revision THE CHURCH MOVES ON of the Bible (Continued from page 372) City, died after a month's illness. He

first in the counselor Granite Stake was in enrolled school of Melchizedek accountcomplete enrollment—were presidency served as and a had member seminaries the one hundred now mainthe presentare missing from Heof of the the General Deseret Board tained the Church. by his text. describebrew They is School Union. survived Sunday He

similar oneevening convention it, A received andPriesthood, he five his children. how and by widow

April semconducted 24 for junior was accomplishthingsthe marvelous he April 1940 28, of stake teachers inary members and (I. R., Genesis through it.ed The new in Salt bishoprics the presidencies chapel of the Warren Ward and

14:2540.) Lake area. of North Weber Stake was dedicated

Over twelve long verses containby Elder George Albert Smith of the ing the promises made by the Lord April 21, 1940 Council of the Twelve. Joseph Skeen

to Joseph in Egypt are lacking in Frank L. Ostler, 48, of Salt Lake is the bishop.

the King James version. In Egypt

the Lord told Joseph of Moses who should lead the Israelites from

Egyptian bondage, of the complementary scriptures of the Bible and of the forthcoming Book of Mormon, and of the Prophet, whose pICK"name shall be called Joseph, and OF it faof his shall the be after name T'ON: TH inther,"raised should be up whothe last days. (I. R., Genesis 50: FltLD

2436. Also Book of Mormon,

II Nephi 3.) Again, the removal

was so carefully done that the break AfSlV/r* ***** would pass unnoticed. Si **.

changes summarize, many To RPAf indicatedwhich JUst. were by the Proph- &prUf>A.

et's inspired corrections are of such great regularity and of such vital nature that they appear to have been made deliberately to keep the truth from man. Some of the most important of these changes include the

first statements of the Gospel plan and its ordinances, statements about the work of the Messiah who was to come, and statements of the higher oil all thatPriesthood, of which show to 0?"OH factsthese were known made

man as soon as he was placed on the C*lli>o??*l>4Ny

earth. "Who brought about these

changes?"we ask again. And again

the answer is, "We do not know."

In this connection we are certain of only two things: First, that when

the books of the Bible were first written, they were correct; moreover,

they were understandable. Second,

that as they are today, there are many important items missing, and too many passages border on incomprehensibility. It is difficult to

imagine any one individual, group, or organization having had sufficient power and influence to cause the changes to be made in both the

Greek and Hebrew texts as well as in the many versions. We must lay

many of those changes which we label planned to the workings of the

Spirit of Darkness, influencing various individuals in different ages in C&mi/cakemeT/UtCM order to thwart the purposes of the

Lord. (To Be Continued) 25<A QUART

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

THE WEST'S OLDEST EXISTING NEWSPAPER

(Continued from page 334) other materials were so much higher than expected. we quilts, shirts, rags, etc., for paper in be exhausted.. defrayingthat the subscriptionsthe mechanicalwill

making."By way of postscript he execution of the News without administermentioned that housewives would ing to our necessities.

find old rags excellent for the makShould the News be continued, we aning of rag rugs. Apparently the ticipatetwice theit sizewill ofbe theon superroyalpresent... sheet,and reor

latter suggestion was better received commence sometime in September; but this

than the first, for thrifty housewives will depend upon the number of subscribers.

thenceforth saved most of their rags If our subscribers will each procure two for carpetweaving. Consequently newof 2,000,subscribers,we anticipateso that thatwe cantherehavewilla notlist

plans for the starting of the paper be an increase in price.

mill made little progress. It was not We leave it with the friends of the press

until 1861 that the mill was finally to say whether the News shall be conput in operation, although paper had wardtinued;namesif so,toweus wantby the ourfirst friendsof September.to forbeen made on Temple square as

early as 1 854. In the meantime, however, the News staff collected all the The required number of names

rags they could get, pounded them must have come in, for the News has to pulp in a crude mortar, sifted the continued through three generapulp through a sieve, and pressed it tions, surviving a thousand emerdown with wire screens to make gencies and outliving every conwhat was probably the first paper temporary western paper with the ever produced in the West. same selfreliance and fortitude that

also has The Deseret News the characterizedWe may wellits reviewfounders.a few of the the distinction operated of having

hisof highlights News first in the when subsequent West, foundry type its tory, taking notice particular of stereoits staff melted some down of builders. defenders and No list Elder plates obtained from type

into cast them Taylor and John type numberbuilders iscanlegionbe andcomplete,their individualfor their to continue pubpaper enable the to lication into 1851. Years later, the accomplishments have been sometime. of obscured what the march by lithothe West's first became News

I rather read a For example, once the first stereotypers, and graphers, first western newspaper to print comprehensive account of The Deseret the omitted which name News Playing Now halftones. from

His STERLING father, late of the YOUNG & Evans, A. John my printcost high of idea the of An Orchestra a former the paper, of and manager

in be that ing time can at Utah it June his best of gave one the years who June 18th—(One 14—Billy editor article the Nite gained Only) from an by

life its critical during of one most Fields His MacDonald Shep & 1851. in February, appeared & which Rippling His Highlanders I, if periods. too, inadvertently So Rhythm he: States

fail to of the mention some names... we find that a ream of paper worth equally deserving persons, I beg forin cost states our the from $4 would $3 to ML I. A. DAY of office ink giveness in advance. that from a pound to $20; $18

credit already given to the Having cost in cents us market 25 or worth 30 Friday, June 7th setting staff, the of to that a original $1.50; from $1.25 next to Orson we come

thousand "m's"(letters) in the states genSpencer, who, sometime during the erally, in to 31c, and from 25 the cities paper's first four years, became children are employed where and women to a great extent, probably... not more assistant to the editor. During this

than 3 or 4 cents per thousand. It has period, these two, Richards and Scdtair cost us most of the time more than $1.20 Spencer, did all the writing, editper thousand. ing, and makeup work required for

Qn August 19, 1851, or just a little publication.Two years after the News was

after the than year one its publishers a founded, secured editorial paper, the RDOFWG COSTS foundingmore of an larger press and and its new type, of year's the achievements summary size circulation increased and had so LESS ARE for the a forecast future and apthat to procure necessary it became USE WHEN YOU peared. following the quote We for the carried the who man OLD AMERICAN from this editorial: to the post office, a wheelbarrowpapersin

the patrons of the This News: To PRODUCTS to numwhich the load. convey adBut

in Utah Made closes the ber proposed which volume we versity at tag played hardship and to in form. the of publish its present Roll Shingles, Roofing, Roof Paints, News

in those Proofing, days, 1852, Asphalt Water for by August, Felts, ExpanIt with subvery few was commenced sion Curing. Joint, Concrete it scribers, trebled; very which with have since found necessary was to suspend Asphalt Brick Siding

little facility of intelligence from abroad, publication completely until Novemsufficient newsprint. AMERICAN ASPHALT ROOF COBP. 5 whichlarge typesinceandhaslittlegreatlymatter,multiplied;which hasandbeenon ber, for lack of

WAS. 2GG3 5 matter.improved.. by. Billssmallerfor typelabor,and paperdouble andthe in On1854,the Albertdeath ofCarringtonWillard Richards,became

: THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

i.--rvo. i. vcml. is, desmao. of nation's iFire! the Is most s. city, juke in one peseket,. RICHARDS. W. BY

fire Eliminate forces! your tructive peaceful! people, the Union want enupwards, and of20, 34"Companies ill"26'4V 44"AT LON Autowith ithazards COMET RED dissolve dissolved, not each. why cents at once, tered 20 L—40 modern, Fire up matic thing to a ask Congress do printing, Why Control—the that is worth paper A PROSPECTUS.

fire protection. of Conto to do? date have method power they no if prepreserving; worth is worth rP insignifiis Union-; installation of the did not gress make TVP01?"DT?JJJliOiLllJIil Cost for TVn?WQINrjVVo. it binding; is worth serving,

Motto—"Troth aso Liberty."thi9 purpose we issue in pamphlet the Union made Congress, and the cant compared with what a fire may

conseUnion; the suffer made shall people subscriber wait until you Don't you. cost if every and form; to publish a small Wo propose

of principles gently, #n the fire lr conof the "News>"reserve each before copy large become loss weekly as our you sheet, as fed*. a

scious. Let us help you protect your

lives and property against fire.

AN- "BIRTH THE furnestimates surveys and OF Free NOUNCEMENT"wise request. TOBe ished upon until 1859. OLDserving editor, THEits second m sorry TOEST be or you may EXISTINGWESTS DAY the in 1858, meantime, the In NEWSPAPER, JUNE equipRED COMMET MORROW! 1S50. 15, serious the most faced one of efficient is positively the mostNews ment

economical the survival. most as fight for its in Withthreats the Salt Lake member of today. the market on Theatre \ asprotectionwell by headed army, a federal thatword as shorthand and Orchestra Church write information For Johnston, Sidney AlbertGeneral reporter.

the to quell to Utah Inc. onwas its way COMET, RED after Shortly George Cannon Q.

Building 767 Red Comet insurrection,"miscalled "Mormon charge, took Deseret Littleton, News, Colorado The now the of exodus general athere was or publishing semiboth weekly and

Salt Great and southward,Saints editions, a also weekly became J. V. NELSON village. deserted a became CityLake its to City. Utah "daily"Salt Lake changed West and 403 No. 9th name The also the this was 6139-W PhoneIn Wasatch exodus News In 1898. Evening Deseret News.

all, and press, type editor,moved, discontinued, edition the weekly was and several editions were printed and in 1922 the semiweekly News o in Fillmore. permanently suspended publication. The third editor of the News was

iJudge Elias Smith, a cousin of the "\\7ith the driving of the Golden Superintendents

Prophet. Judge Smith had become Spike at Promontory Point,

under Willard \ and Teachersbusiness manager in the spring of 1 869, marking Utah, \o Albert first then succeededRichards, of America's the completion

Carrington as editor in 1859, and east to west transcontinental railBest Friend.... o

until latter positionheld the of gathering the system, news 1863, road i again became Carrington o further the outsidewhen world from was editor, with the historian, T. B. H. facilitated. Now the mail service

Stenhouse, serving as his assistant. became both faster and safer, the 1

first the pony meantime, In the agents"hazards of "road being We are Always jjo the west on arrived fromexpress largely eliminated the estabwith oApril 7, 1860, while two days later, lishment of overland railroad servat Your the first pony express mail arrived ice.

in the Missouri,from St. Joseph, In 1 874, Calder David became O. Service... days! of six timerecordbreaking editorial the of both manager and

This first pony express mail brought business departments of the paper, authentic reports of the fast imwith John Jaques serving as its prinpending struggle between the North cipal editorial writer. This arrangeand the South, which were, of course, ment continued to 1877, when

published in the News. News subGeorge Q. Cannon and Brigham

scribers were also astounded and Young, Jr., took over the managealarmed at reports that a bill had ment until Charles W. Penrose was

been introduced into Congress which appointed editorin-chief in 1880.

proposed to change the capital of Elder Penrose occupied this posiYERGENSEN territorythe to Carson of Utah until City, tion his native to returned he Teachers Agency a thriving in where Nevada, innow to fill 1884, a second England Mgr. YERGENSEN, KATHERYN estabbeenmining had community mission the for thus Church. While Street 12 East 939 So.

lished. occupied he continued to be a freSalt Lake City, Utah o

In 1867, George Q. Cannon, who quent and forceful contributor. Phone Hyland 7920

had learned the printing trade in During the temporary absence of (Vo< -w >n < >n< >rw.n, >n< >n< >nrVo

Nauvoo under John Taylor, then President Penrose, John Nicholson editor and publisher of The Times became acting editor. On compleand Seasons and The Nauvoo tion of his mission abroad, Charles OfFER WENeighbor, became general manager W. Penrose returned to his former A COMPLETE

editor SERVICEand of the News. He was position, until ENGRAVING remained where he

portraits to the largest From Missionary editorsaided Edward by assistant the temporarily paper catalogues. 1892, when

L. Sloan and David W. Evans, the passed from Church control under a Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention.

writer's grandfather. Elder Evans lease agreement with George Q. 113 RegentUTAHSt.ENGRAVINGSalt Lake City,CO.UtahL

simultaneously held positions as a (Continued on page 380).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

THE WEST'S OLDEST EXISTING NEWSPAPER {Continued from page 379) In those halcyon days the hired help was With the death of Wilford

Cannon and Sons, with John Q. officeostensiblyscrip,paidfor, everyalthoughTuesdaythe understandin tithing Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow became

Cannon acting as editorin-chief and ing was on a basis of fiftyfifty, cash was President of the Church. To him

Abram H. Cannon as business man- a rara avis. John A. Evans, as the keeper Heber J. Grant, when consulted by

ager. When the latter died in 1896, of the archives, dispenser of pay envelopes, President Snow, recommended the

John A. Evans became business help,and recipientwas the ofstalwartI. O. defenderU.'s fromoftheassaultshired appointment of Horace G. Whitney

manager. It was under his manageupon the treasury and shared equal interest as business manager of the News,

ment that the News changed from among the employees with David Watts, and the appointment was made.

handset to linotype, being one of the young collector, who wore out shoe With Manager Whitney also rebills. collecting If David to its had a turned service anthe first in newspapers old News

the the West to leathergood day high, goose otherwise, hung Charles this champion, friend and transition. importantmake W. the hired help to adjourned "old Gray,"man

In 1898, when the United States who operated a little candy stand under the Penrose, and also came James T.

called for volunteers to Cuba in the tithing yard wall beneath the shade of the Dunbar as circulation manager.

SpanishAmerican war, Editor John discountedlocusts on theireast Southstore ordersTempleforStreetcash. and By this time, President Snow's

Q. Cannon, who was also a colonel Reporters in those days received the mucrusade for a more faithful observin the State militia, resigned from nificent salary of $10 a week (half cash, if ance of the law of tithing was beit, could get you half tithingthe to scrip and or contingent head Utah's News fruit ginning the to bear throughout orders K. on R. Thomas Co., Goods Dry Riders."sucof "Rough was He restoration the Church, gradual with S. P. Teasdel, others). and Star reportersceeded by Janne M. Sjodahl, who credit. financial were of to receive the Church's This known as per as $15 much

served as editor until January 1, week, but they were aristocrats.... was obviously the right time to get

1 899, the the to reverted paper when inthe debt, out to of and News tragpersonal of days were Thosecontrol of the Church. its editorial crease business and children for the of A. edy John the During period of the Cannon first prestige. steps the of One rolled also. payday Evans Aslesseeship, property Church was after he took, Horace G. Whitney for often the too too around and soon confiscationunder the Federal by manager, to became persuade was it not hardpressed manager, an wasGovernment, of pending settlement all the to liquidate the Church News'thing for to father walk uncommonthe issue. polygamy these Under obligations, to build the for and street across to the Savings Zion's

conditions, the News likewise went Bank for the purpose of withdrawpaper a new, modern home which through a period of financial embaring from it all the hardsaved was to be situated "catty corner"rassment which put its staff to its nickels and dimes of the Evans boys from the quarters it was then occuwits'ends alive. to keep the paper girls (where the Hotel Utah now a as to loan to pying and the News

late period the E.Of this George stands ) in up, small a the deway, make

Carpenter, city editor, onetime ficiency in the payroll company's six "skyscraper,"This new facetiouslywrote seventythe on disLater, resources. always he tosandstone, high, stories of redfifth anniversary of the paper: that to covered harder it was much its eightstory annex gether with little Looking thirty back a over years get the the from back company follow, the to most soon amongago, was Deseret the neither The had News replace to these money borrowedpalatial quarters, the circulation, staff city, the in the structures impressive and

than to borrow them in the (numerically) nor the equipment it enjoys savings, duplicated could not be which one today. first place.

in other the West. newspaper by any

The main building was finished and occupied in 1902 and the Annex was completed the following year. It

was in the new annex, in the summer of 1904, that the writer, serving as copy boy to Editorin-Chief Penrose and to City Editor John E. Hansen,

got his first job with The Deseret

News. Thus, at the early age of

ten, I became acquainted with some of the best newspaper men this city has ever produced, including, besides Messrs. Whitney, Penrose,

Sjodahl, Hansen, and Carpenter, such men as "Ike"Russell, then a cub reporter, who later went to the staff of the New York Times, A Ifales

Young, telegraph editor, "Race"

ERECTED IN 1902, THE Whitney, "Wally"Young, and

BUILDDESERET NEWS ONE OF THE many others. ING WAS

FINEST NEWSPAPER BUILDINGS IN THE WEST. TODAY

CALLED THE UHIONIT IS Tnder the guidance of Manager

PACIFIC BUILDING. Whitney, financial order was

brought out of chaos, while the pungent pen of Editor Penrose, assisted by the methodical, scholarly work of wmm. J, M. Sjodahl, and the fighting spirit

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 19 40

of the whole reportorial staff, release from the arduous duties vision and responsibility. In the brief

brought the rejuvenated News to the which he had so long and capably period from 1 934 to now, the News flower of its achievement. During performed. His resignation was under S. O. Bennion's management

a portion of these years a faction in reluctantly accepted, and Elias S. has made marked progress and adthis community campaigned vigorWoodruff, assistant manager, was vancement. Recognizing that a modously, though not always fairly, appointed in his stead. ern newspaper must have modern

against certain alleged, but unfoundequipment to compete successfully since years hiscurrent are The its influpolitical contemporaries, with Manager ofed, charges undue tory, well to of us, so most known of for the part the Church. the funds Bennion securedence on the

quickly, pass over merely them color installation to of we the defense of highspeed a sprangThe News mentioning, in of passing, the names its old to the replace the press of leaders newspaper some word and editors subsequent managers, and continthe press givenbattles which had by which were waged Hoe including general B. F. Grant, manwill service since the editors and "horse uous rankopposing among

to ager succeed together Woodruff, in 1905. jourhistory of the only ofthe days greatest was buggy"Not with Goff Harold and Joseph J. faster ran the assure press to in Feeling America!nalism and new both served as Cannon, terms who faithfulhigh of type sides ugly reproduction both and words more on editors. terminated able the Death

it pictorial to daily matter, the antagonbut betweenpassed and was service Goff, of Editor while Joseph thisists. of that to bring old order the passed paper has symbol But

is in the Cannon, who Gennow J.

... all of metropolitan modernism which no and and men women eral of Superintendency the Y. M. this live together well classes of newspapercreeds do can day and now

I. A., also president the of and M.

its in closer both understanding.with a without—color—color in Mission, Salt Square Temple Lake

1 literal figurative called sense. Editor and In Penrose 904, was City, transferred was from "home shortlyto leave the so Apostle and Deseret be was an And we service"the with to iman News its in after sent England, ninety years,thereafter to again Newst portant presiassignment abroad as

itsthis to preside the hands! over of the present capable time Eudent British of the the Mission of

staff. It Mission. faces succeeded theropean management and was He Church.by J. M. Sjodahl, who served as future with bright hopes and with

editorin-chief until 1914, when he Elder Samuel O. Bennion, who unexcelled opportunity for distinwent to Europe as associate editor had served for nearly thirty years guished service and achievement.

of The Millennial Star. In 1914, as president of the Central States As it stood nearly a century

E. LeRoy Bourne became editor of Mission, and as manager of Zion's ago, it still stands eager and

the News, but left two years later Printing and Publishing Company, able to serve every worthy cause of for active military duty in the World was appointed to fill a vacancy in religion, culture, statesmanship, inWar. He was succeeded by John the First Council of Seventy. dustry, art, and science. Old in ex-

Q. Cannon, who came back for his When B. F. Grant soon thereafter perience, it is still youthful in ensecond term as editor. retired from the management of the thusiasm as when its feet were first

Under the management of H. News on account of ill health, planted in 1 850 on those two incom-

G. Whitney, which extended over Elder Bennion was appointed genparable cornerstones of greatness:

a period of twentytwo years, eral manager, with editorial super- "Truth and Liberty."

including those trying years at the close of the old century and the beginning of the new, when religious and political discussion was vigorously defended on both sides, and when it took cool heads and deterfighters the destinies to guidemined Great in Any Tank thisof newspaper, Deseret The

News rose to unprecedented heights in influence, financial stability, and in mechanical and editorial excellence. In this era, "Who does not

read the News?"was both an invitation to subscribe and a challenge GASOLINE

to the nonreader.

In these days, also, the mechanical achievements of the West's pioneer newspaper were acclaimed by lovers of the graphic arts from one end of the country to the other. Photographs in the News were printed

directly from halftone engravings which were expertly mounted in the stereotype circular plates, and William A. Cowan, head pressman,

took the same pride in a careful "makeready"as any printer of fine books.

In 1921, H. G. Whitney asked the

First Presidency for a wellearned.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

SOLUTION OF MAY PUZZLE SCRIPTURAL CROSSWORD PUZZLE

The Book of Remembrance (Mai. 3:16)

To Keep Your Current Magazines..

A New and Practical ACROSS Binding Development 1 "heus hathup"..., and he will bind 3536 GazersType measure

6 Number of chapters in Joel 38 "Let them say in their hearts,

... ". it"have shall would return"we ye 10 is convenient and Here a new

..... father?"shall mine"be we, sonot 39 "Have 11 "And.. as to magazines your keep way... seek, Lord, the ye literature is "and 40 all whom. Bible 12 The

they come in, orderly and readily 14 Luke tells of Christ as a..of shall suddenly come... h'.i

accessible. It consists of a durable, "the book of the prophet Esaias"temple"

you that fear my name... day when I make up my 42 "unto shall'attractive cover, so devised that 16 "in

arise of righteousness jewels"the...

twelve issues of THE IMPROVE17 "Thou, even thou, art to be..."44 Theme of a composition

MENT ERA can readily be placed 18 "And I will... a swift witness"46 Place where Israel sang, "Spring

therein, ready for convenient read19 "... is more precious than rubies"up, O well"Num. 21: 16

". ing. 20 "..... me,burdenandofdeliver... wordme"of... 4948 "LetSon of. Judah.. man praise thee"22

This binder eliminates the conLord to Israel by Malachi"52 "For I... the Lord"

"for he... like a refiner's fire"54 "the... will be magnified"23 table which reading fusion your on

Interesting 55 Continent 25 various result to is likely when your Plant 26 current magazines are left to lie 28 "behold a in the wall"Our Text from Malachi is 10, 11, 16, about loose. 29 "as a man spareth his own 17, 22, 23, 30, 33, 39, 40, and 49

30 'For he and it was done"combined

We can supply covers for hold33 "He, that being reproved"of current issues ing twelve any DOWN other publication, (and Church publications as well), at surpris21 ToDistresslong signal 2827 QueenSamuel ofsaid,Shushan"... am I"

ingly low prices. 3 Strike 29 "gave the..., and caused them

4 Cut teeth to understand the reading"

Write for further information, or 5 "but at the... it shall speak"31 Flavors

call at our office for a demonstra- 6 26 across is a plant of this genus 32 Same as Cainan, son of Enos thirds of ten shall that the deaf in day 34 Two tion. 7 "And

... is his tabernacle,.. also "In. the of the book"words 35

8 Dutch coin and his dwelling place is Zion"9 "He openeth also their... to 37 "sitting... his throne"

of Russia stop 43 River Organ Indianofhe UJeseret /lews 11 3 discipline"41 Son of Boaz and Ruth American 45 Consumed

LPress... 1"85 CountedFamous inventoras a bird in Deut. 14: 18 4750 Epoch receiveth it with good will"

1 Fifth son of Jacob 51 "He saith among the trumpets, 29 Richards Street 12 Bark from which cloth is made...,...; and he smelleth

battle"the...,

ye have robbed..."53 "Yet Salt Lake City 23 "Yeit camelookedto forlittle"much, and,

M Measure of Sweden THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1940

The Hour of Parting anythingI feel assuredstrange?"that SheHeber'ssaid:mother"Yes,

(Concluded from page 330) is sitting between us, waiting to take nearlyof drove the child me wild. him away."

itI could not stand I jumped and naturally, I believe, a Now, I am the out of house ran andup A Wealth raised as man. I was I sympathetic distress. his to hear notso as

dreamed that after running out of an only child, with all the affection the house I met Brother Joseph E. that a mother could lavish upon a

I I believe that boy. these things.Taylor him of and told am naturof Development ally affectionate sympathetic and Heber, "Well, you do He said:

that tears for I shed my wife and I wouldknow what my from be gained may the "Y"Sumsuc- for their of joy for of her onecame friends—tears do children—if mer Quarter: hundred twenty Two their tears for of cess sorrow and child; that for struggle notwould

I would not oppose her taking that misfortunes. But I sat by the deathcourses are offered in thirtysix dechild away. If a mother who had bed of my little boy and saw him partments; one hundred are gradudie, tear. without shedding a My the faithful passed beyondbeen had ate courses. is Religious growth

I, living wife, brother, upon and myveil, sufferthe of she would know aided classes, triweek- by specific that sweet, occasion a experienced childing her anguish the and may lectures. ly devotionals, Cultural in influence peaceful, heavenly and suffer; she to wouldhave know

whether that child might go through my home, as great as I have ever and recreational values are high in life as a cripple and whether it experienced in my life; and no perthe concerts, excursions, social prowould be better or wiser for that son can tell me that every other gram, healthful sports. Visiting

that Saint Latterday a knowlhas torture to thechild from be relieved in his heart and faculty: Gospel edge of the think, stop toof life; and when you

Brother Grant, that the mother of soul, can really mourn for his loved Dr. M. Lynn Bennion, Supervisor, L. D. S.

that boy went down into the shadow ones, only in the loss of their soSeminaries.

of death to give him life, she is the ciety here in this life. Dr. Daryl Chase, Director, L. D. S. Instione who ought to have the right to I never think of my wives and my tute, Tucson, Arizona.

take him or keep him."dear mother and my two boys, my Dr. Ralph Horn, Dean, Buffalo State

I said, "I believe you are right, daughter, and my departed friends, Teachers'College, New York.

Brother Taylor, and if she comes and beloved associates being in the Dr. Ned Dearborn, Dean, Division of Genagain, she shall have the boy withgraveyard. I think only of the joy eral Education, New York University.

out any protest on my part."and the happiness and the peace and Professor Ernest Jackman, Exchange ProAfter coming to that conclusion, satisfaction that my mother is havfessor in Education, University of Maine.

Stewart, George Professor of Agronin the Prophet and Dr. meeting withI F. ing B. by was waked my brother, S. U. omy, Department of Agriculture, Patriarch the Young and Brigham that night stayingGrant, who was Forest Service.

father beloved the and my the and to us, helping over watchwith the that friends from she knew into the roomsick boy. me He called days Glennlege. Snow, President, Dixie Junior Coldied. that to she the of day Nauvoo that told wasand me my child

the joy of they only have think in the front room and Idying. I went in Glenlery.Turner, Curator, Springville Art Galsat down. There was a vacant chair meeting with father and mother and

between me and my wife who is loved ones who have been true and First Term: June 10—July 19

of faithful the Lord to the Gospel presence I felt the living, andnow Alpine Term: July 22—August 24 Christ. out reaches mind sitJesus mother, deceased boy'sof that My

ting in that chair. I did not tell anyto the wonderful joy and satisfaction For Summer Catalog, Address

having, they that are happiness felt, I to turned but I my and whatbody Dean, Summer Session sting. of its grave robs the feel and it said:living you wife and "Do

Brigham Voung University RELIGIOUSTEtEFACTAFFILIATIONS OF U. S. PRESIDENTS PROVO, UTAH

EPISCOPALIAN 9 PRESIDENTS PERMANENT POSITION Men between 23 and 40, must have car,

III! to start immediately with large metal

PRESBYTERIAN 6 products company as sales distributor;

ft L 4 earnings about $140.00 monthly, expense

arrangements and commission; rapid ad-

< vancement to producer. Not canvassing.

REFORMED DUTCH a Manbookedselectedweeklywillinalwaysadvance,havecallinghis workon ft ft definite qualified appointments only.

Apply or write Century MetalCrafts Corp.

| S.jtisttcs,2 Inc. 4-20 19 W. S. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah NO AFFILIATION 3 UNITARIAN 4 Science2ServicePictorial

*###r#*#####*####*###**r**w***###

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY AGGRAVATING

Theparticiple,verb hangdependinghas twoon formsthe meaningfor theof pastthe word.and theHangpast "Does"No, andyourit'shusbandterriblytalkexasperating.in his sleep?"He just grins."

hangedhanged pertains to the death penalty; hanghung-hung

to refers all other things, such as curtains, pictures, and trophies THEY SHALL HAVE THEIR REWARD that are hung.

$ r tendollarMr. Brown:bill I dropped—not"You're a veryten ones."honest boy, but it was a

Johnnie: "I know, Mister, but the last time I found a tenany change."dollar bill, the man didn't have INissuereplyoftoTheDr. EdwardImprovementH. Ochsner'sEra, in articlewhichinhethestatedDecemberthat <$>

"Young men who do not smoke are often the subject of ridicule among groups of men who do,"I submit the following: Billy: "Does your mother ever spank you?"

Since I was thirteen I have always worked around a group Barbara: "Yes, she does."

of young men who nearly ninetyeight per cent were smokers. Billy: "Does your daddy ever spank you?"

I spent four years in the United States Marine Corps during Barbara: "You bet."

which time I was constantly in contact with men who were Billy: "Which hurts the worst?"

heavy smokers, and though many of them offered me cigarettes, Barbara: "I do."

I could never see any benefit from smoking. Instead of

ridicule, the looked buddies few of us upon who didn't my that THE INSTALLMENT HABIT invariably of respect, stating a great deal with smoke they wished they had never started the expensive habit. I must The husband came in and asked, "Any installments due

have inherited the dislike for tobacco as there are five uncles today?"

in my family in their sixties that never used tobacco and they "No, dear, I think not."

were pioneers in the West, being ranchers, and stagecoach "No payment due on the house, the radio, the furniture, or drivers, where they were mixing with smokers every day. the books?"

Perry Powers, 5302 Lindley Ave., "No."

Tarzana, California. "Splendid! I have ten dollars. What say we buy ourselves

-<S>- a shiny new car?"

Provo, Utah ANOTHER ONE Scottish horseman went into a saddler's shop and asked spur. J.BusinessK. OrtonMgr. Improvement Era forA one

Orton: Mr. Dear clerk. the spur?"only asked "But one puzzled why

First the is report that great pleasure with Provo Ward we if I Replied side of "Well, the horse to can get one Jock: IT

the in the top has Stake over gone the of Provo new it."Era. go, the other'll with go

It is the first time for ten years that this goal has been reached in Wethis startedward. our work for the Era on January 27, 1940, by MAKES A DIFFERENCE

calling all the officers of both organizations to a chili supper Mother was very particular always to say grace before at 6:30 p. m. at the church. After this course was served by meals, and made no exception when she took her small son

the Young Men officers, we assigned two blocks to each pair to a restaurant.

of workers. At 10:00 p. m. we returned to the church with After they had been served, Mother said: "Now give

half enough subscriptions to put us over. To make the thanks, Johnny."

evening end right the Young Women served ice cream and "But, Mummie,"he replied in a surprised tone, "we're cake. We repeated this same kind of party February 3, paying for this, aren't we?"

and returned at 10:00 p. m. with enough Eras to put us over

of three assistance of our stake the top. members M. The I. A. TANTALUS MODERNE greatly the of board members and two ward bishopric was

appreciated. First imp: "Ha, ha, ha!"

The two evenings were enjoyed by all the workers and the Second imp: "Why the laugh?"

task was much lighter than we had expected. The president First imp: "I just put a woman in a room with a thousand

director; acted as organization of each the Era we did not beautiful hats—and no mirror!"this. for appointed person an especially have

Sincerely yours, C. Hatch, WASTED MEDICINE (Signed) A.

Pres. Y. M. M. I. A. Doctor: "What's that Scotch patient of yours growling

$ aboutNurse:now?""He says he got well before all his medicine was

gone."Kingsport, Tennessee Friends: Dear A MATTER OF GEOGRAPHY find of the States this Central East branch Mission we IN

task. selling easy an have Improvement Those Era The who Virginian family training colored girl was a from the A

it their express before taken through subscribing enjoyment in her duties country as maid. answering the telephone On

it inin the again, able of to place been and have homes we first the day, she brought message. no

vestigators too. Truly the Era sells itself! "Who was that, Sara?"

sincerely, Thanking you "It warn't nobody, 'It's Mr. say, a gentleman

Shirley Miss Weight a long distance 'Yessir, it certainly York,'Brown—jes'and I says, from New

for S. L. Elder Montgomery. is'."

TELL ME REVENGE AT LAST Willie "Daddy, are flies flies because they fly?"

Judge: "It seems to me that I have seen you before."Father "I suppose so."

Prisoner: "You have, your honor. I gave your daughter Willie "Are fleas fleas because they flee?"

singing lessons."Father "Sure. What of it?"

Judge: "Thirty years."Willie "I told teacher bees are bees because they be.'

>Something E V < N Yes, there is something new under the Sun! For now, when XX y x

you dial to KSL's 1130 kilocycles you're listening to a new radio station. From microphone to the tip of its new 455foot XX

vertical radiator tower, KSL is completely rebuilt.

>sx Into city and town, KSL now sends an even clearer and stronger signal than before. This means that you will have

smoother listening, hour in and hour out, when you tune to

your favorite programs.

KSL'S studio equipment, control consoles, transmitter and

SSfKifi tower are all new! Which is just another way of saying

that "The Voice of the West"continues to bring its listeners not only the finest radio entertainment, but the best means

of listening to it as well!

Y X

KX w

.-

.;

i'B HCttLII Sft eMW'AMYIN SBANei IK

HEBER J. GRANT, PRESIDENT Salt Lake City. Utah