MARCH, 1941 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKECITY, UTAH Things are looking up for Western Slope fruit growers—thanks to modern transportation and

distribution methods. One interesting new development is the bulk shipment of fruit which Mr.

Goess explained to me like this: "For the last few

years,"he said, "all this area has been selling part of its fresh fruit crop, except cherries, to truckers who haul it in bulk to midwestern and southwestern states—as much as 1 5 tons to the load.

These truckers usually leave here in the evening.

The night trip through the Rocky Mountains chills the fruit, and at dawn the next morning the truckers pull a heavy canvas over their load. This

keeps the fruit chilled and firm until it reaches the end of its journey—sometimes a thousand

miles from here"

ON COLORADO'S WESTERN SLOPE I CHECKED WITH A HIBH BKOWt* fHUIT

I sat with Al Goess and Mrs. Goess Fruit operations start about the first

on their front porch of a summer week in July, with cherries, and wind evening and we were exactly 6180 up late in September with freestone feet above sea level. "This is real high peaches. Mr. Goess has his own packelevation farm country,"Al Goess reing shed on the ranch and believes

marked. And I could see it really is. in packing only number one fruit.

Al Goess came to Colorado because All his fruit is sold fresh. Packed

of serious illness—with no idea of fruit is shipped through the Union

becoming a farmer. But today he Fruit Company, a farm cooperative.

raises some of the best fruit on the Mr. Goess is a former vicepresi-

western Colorado slope and he is a dent of the Colorado State Farmers wellknown farm leader. Union, president of the North Fork

Average fruit production yearly on Public Irrigation District, a director his 55 -acre ranch near Paonia runs of the Colorado State Chamber of around 14 tons of cherries, 50 tons Commerce. I think you'll enjoy his

of apricots, 200 tons of peaches. story as much as I have.

LIKE THE Western Slope the chains have moved big quancountry,"Al Goess told me, tities of some crop that is in over- I"and I like the progress we farmers supply—and thereby supported

are making in this section. Workthe market. They buy constantly at

ing in local and state affairs I've fair market prices, then distribute met lots of farm leaders and direct so they can offer a moneyswapped views with them. Natursaving. I say the farmers of the

ally, Safeway and the other food country can be glad that chain Mr. Goess (shown here

chains come in for a good deal of stores like Safeway are on the job loading boxed apricots) discussion, and I find they're maknowadays.They've shown that they and one hired man do all

ing new friends all the time. sincerely want to help us."the work on his 55acre

"Every little while you hear how THE SAFEWAY FARM REPORTER ranch except at harvest

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

By Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

A simpletensity meansof ultravioletof measuringrays, thewhichincause sunburn, has been found in glass rods, light green in color, which turn purple when exposed to daylight. In the

region of Pennsylvania State College, where they were developed, the rods complete the color change in about six hours of summer midday sun. The time

for a change depends on the location of the exposure and amount of dust in the air.

HPhe stinging hairs of the common nettle have been investigated by that Dobbin.Dr. Leonard found He is Beet Planters acid, contain freethey formic which

part, at least, of the poison that ants, bees, and wasps inject when they sting. Beet Cultivators

-f-r[rHE male of a small Chilean frog swallows the ten to twenty eggs Beet Pullers..

as fast as they are deposited. The eggs

develop within the frog's large throat retainfrogspouch, and are the young COST LESS untiled inside to able they are take NOW care of themselves. You'll get a new idea of tractor closer to dropping single seeds with-

4 value when you see the new Case out bunching than any other planter '"P'he amount of liquid water in a fog "VC."Here is a bigger, better-... reduce blocking and thinning

is only three to eight per cent of built tractor in the 1-2 plow costs. The cultivators allow full adthe total amount of water present in class. With Masterframe and a full justment of sweeps, shovels, or

vapor. set of beet implements it actually weeders... gauge wheels keep depth

4 costs you less to own than smaller accurate on uneven ground. Pullers

...C hells have been specially developed tractors. That's because Masterframe are easily and accurately steered

fully for a the adjustable for forms size backbone suction, whole of to holes for peace purposes. make

.. fleet tools planter, beet beets. plow, of and of Every width row. imof small explosive charge producesA all... is cultivator, puller the unit plement mounted easy to quick andthe tree for planting required hole and

culture. for beet put implements modern and on remove.in addition breaks the ground up unsaves you For on Masterframe larger money acreages faster and as toderneath so the of make work every implement. full Case the has work 2-plow "SC"the roots of the planted tree newly the have the weight the In you and built 3-plow "VC"both "DC,"

easier. impleto traction your the with keep and famous MotorLift, Case

4 ments working at full depth, and and both available with a full line of

Come materials exert enormous presplenty of engine power to keep them "easy on—easy off"implements. See sure when they swell in taking up moving along. The planters come your Case dealer now.

water. Rocks have been split by inserting wedges in a seam dry wooden TRACTOR ONLY willand moistening Starch the wood.

swell against a pressure of twentyfive hundred atmospheres.

f* as dispersed in a solid is frequently "J found in nature. Volcanic ash often

consists of an obsidian glass filled with minute gas bubbles so that large pieces will float on water. The blue color of

many feathers is due to the presence of minute bubbles in the horny part of the feather. Send forNew4

\kjz have not just one sense of hunTractor Book vv ger, but about ten different speThere are ten new Flamcific hungers, such as for protein, fat, andbeausizesRed fortractorsevery inacreagestyles carbohydrate, water, oxygen, salt, phosand crop system... every

phorus, sodium, calcium, and the vitaone more tractor for the min B complex. money.your size.Check coupon for

(Concluded on page 132)

(Do (lji)UL JtiwwHow many specific hungers a perMmproQement Era son may have? 129

'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

For what the temple of EI Tajin in Vera Cruz is most unusual?..134

Heber J. Grant, 1941 late Elder the Reed years manyMARCH. How Widtsoe, John A.

3 States in the United served Smoot 44 NUMBERVOLUME Editors

Richard L. Evans, Senate? 139

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor What a Kentuckybred writer who

C. Josephson, Marba is toughof the claims "one he

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,OFFICIAL OF THE ORGAN Editor Associate 140 says est"tobacco? about DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL Morris, George General Mgr. Q. COMMITTEE, WARD EDUCATION, MUSIC OFMENT first grain of storage was Cannon, the Associate Lucy G. Mgr. When OF THE CHURCH AGENCIESTEACHERS, OTHER AND

Business Orton, K. Mgr. J. proChurch-wide as a SAINTS. begun LATTERDAY CHRISTOF OF JESUS

gram? 142 In what way Porter Rockwell may be considered a "G-man"of the nineteenth century? 145

JPul jdii&iL fpaqsL Whatstakeseemsmissionaryto be thework?sorest need in146

SelfJudgment Heber J. Grant 137 Howtheirthechildren?ancient Aztecs educated148

What happened when two boys were faced with a mutinous band

Reed Smoot and His Mother John A. Widtsoe 138 desert?of negro freighters in the149

Reed Smoot, the Passing of a Great American

Richard L. Evans 139 Whereeight visitorshundredare invitedfeet tounderdine

Grain Storage Among the Latterday Saints ground? 151

E. Cecil McGavin (in collaboration with A, L* Zobell, Jr.) 142 How the Church fared in the NorthThe Story of One Stake Mission Adolph Merz 146 west when Portland was the storm

Detroit Male Chorus Bernice G. Anderson 148 center of persecution? 152

The Church in the Northwest James C. Westergaard 152 What regulations now govern the

155 use of recommends? temple Evidences and Can the ExperiReconciliations—XXXV. stakes have been organnew Where mental be Employed in Religion? Method ized recently? 155

John A. Widtsoe 161 Whether the experimental method

Church Moves On 155 Special Interest.173 can be employed in religion?....161

Music Page...165 M MenGleaners 173 What tastetwisting but wholesome

Priesthood: Melchizedek 166 Explorers 1 73 <| combinations hail the "drinks of

Aaronic 169 Juniors.174 tomorrow"? 162

Ward Teaching.....170 Scouts 1 74 An easy way to determine how to

No TobaccoLiquor 140, 166 BeeHive Girls....175 cook any vegetable? <: 163

..172, 175 Mutual Messages: Executives.. 171 Field Photos

... 1 Genealogy 76 Howinto manythe peopleChurch wereduringbaptized1940

SpsudaL J>jtaiuAA* missionaries?through the efforts of the stake167

I Whipped An Enemy Jesse Stuart 140 In which stake, for the first time in

Orrin Porter Rockwell. Chapter VI Nicholas Van Alfen 145 the Church, every Aaronic PriestCarlsbad Parable William Seegmiller 150 hood quorum earned a Standard Quorum Award? 169

Exploring the Universe, FrankOn the Book Rack 159 What is being done in England to lin S. Harris, Jr..129 Homing: Here's to the Drinks preserve genealogical records?.176

Telefacts 132 of Tomorrow.....162

Looking Back at Ancient AmerHandy Hints 163 ica, William and Dewey Cooks'Corner, Barbara B. EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Farnsworth 134 Burnett 163 OFFICES:

Street, Salt City, Utah. Lake 50 North Main the to Advertisers Child 179 Index Education Among

Inc.. Funds, 1941. a CorMutual by Aztecs, Charles E. 148 Dibble and Ours Your Page 192 Copyrightporation ImproveMutual Men's the Young of

ment Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; 20c

Reed Smoot John A. Widtsoe 160 singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

The Friendly Heart Marba C. Josephson 160 mailingUtah, as atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes conFaith Margaret Johnson 141 tributions.by sufficientAllpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymust beandaccompaniedreturn, Orrin Porter Rockwell—The True Story of A Man—Chap.

VI - Nicholas Van Alfen 145 NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Telegraph Poles James P. Sharp 149 REPRESENTATIVES

Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Frontispiece Farmer, Jean Soul Beauty, Philip F. Low 147 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Rasey.136 Poetry Page..154 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....190 CIRCULATIONS

JhsL favSLlV ulls in the wind are reminders of the clean sweep of spring, as March ushers A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY 'it in. This original design is the work of Leonard Burland. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

CT..-.&

.jrifctfc

XJxy*

$&< WQto % # *% 1 res mIfm ttnrj mum:S-*v M a w

*i ft & "lA&&* t# /i; SP id1 H

v H#i&

- V /

<l IY There's a Dictator

Qfe cf ***%*, '<**'S/ <**:*<a in the Land

(in fact, millions of them)

Who's a dictator! Well, YOU are... you and the millions

of other American women are the dictators of fashion in this land of the free! Come now... don't you tell your friends

what you like and what you want to wear? Don't you whole-

... heartedly accept just one fashion forcibly reject and as dvc\ae clis5fOtt

... Well, that's another? dictating edict to Z and I your C M de \o-otdet

cUon is fashionlaw! By your acceptance of fashions you have

told us that the clothes you want to wear must be youthfully flattering, they must be individual, above all serviceable and comfortable! And those are the fashions Z C M I brings

you... a whole store full of glorious new spring beauties

fashiondictated by YOU.

<ft'*, Fashions are the clothes you want to wear ne?ct and they're all at

1 **Q<> q cc//CQ, 'Q?

THE IMPROVEMENT

ERA, MARCH, 1941 TE1EFACT DELICIDUS-—SOURCES OF ENERGY flatuAal Qh&ASL

PIMENTO AGED CHEDDAR DUTCH LUNCH BITUMINOUSMMHCOAL PETROLEUM 48% 32% Retailer's ICE BOX

j INVESTIGATE Science ServicePictorial Statistics,,lnc. 1-19

THE two hundred and twenty million times Exploring the Universe to turn a lamp on and off before the ( Concluded from page 1 29) switch failed. This is equivalent to

many centuries of household service.

/'"''lucose has been converted into *"* starch in the laboratory, duplicatHpHE human nose can detect a concenSPECIAL ing the natural process in plants and A tration of six parts of butyric acid bringing nearer the synthesis of foods. in a hundred billion. Butyric acid is

4An interesting illusion is obtained 4found in rancid butter and perspiration.

"** when a series of lights such as the Tt would take eight million galley OFFER on the purchase of a new overheadboulevard lightingis illuminatedsystem atofthea samelong accordingA slaves toto propelan estimatethe Queenby Dr. Mary,A. H.

time. Many observers will report that Compton.

the lights went on one after the other, 4 the closest one first. Inconclusive eviTagnetic storms affect compass

dence seems to explain the apparent L"A needles all over the earth at the fadJuc lag in the turnon time of the more same time. A violent magnetic storm

distant lights as due to the smaller in April, 1938, changed compass direcamount of light reaching the eye from tion by several degrees within an hour, the greater distance. and in London, England, more than

4 five degrees. The energy in the storm

switches mercury the northof display that and accompanying The time is limited—look A"LJouseholdA will last lights are available to give ern times as twenty was about

into this NOW! silent service. The first household much as all the electric power plants

mercury switch has finally been worn in the United States could produce all out by motors which flipped the switch working at the same time.

T E L E F A C

IMMIGRANTS AND EMIGRANTS aaaaaaaaAaaaaaj iAA$*AAAAAAAA liAAA AAAA aaaaIa- * AAJ iAAAAAAAA * AAA SEE YOUR ELECTRIC AAAAlAA<3&*AAJREFUGEES

Each symbol represents 10,000 aliens RANGE DEALER

SCIENCE SERVICEFICTOGRAPH CORP. 3-13

.

The Husky FARMALL-A Does A Tractor's FullSize Job!

Here is small -farm acreage with a deep, mellow seedbed coming on!..

That's the quality and scale of plowing results this husky FARMALL-A is capable of in its broad range of operation. "CULTIVISION"-That famous exclusive feature of the farmall-a—is just

what you see here. Later on, when

you cultivate, imagine looking right down on a perfectly clear view of your work. "LIFTALL"—The new pneumatic

power lift on the FARMALL-A lifts and lowers the implements with a flick of the finger on the control. It's

another exclusive feature with farmALL-A—and also with FARMALL-B,

which cultivates two rows.

Ask the International Harvester dealer to demonstrate one of these powerful small FARMALLS. Drive it

yourself and decide for yourself.

And Now There's a DIESELPowered FARMALL-M, too! FOR MAN'S NEED

-JUST THE FARMALL

Already the new streamlined farmalls the International

McCormickDeering FARMALLS Harvester line now offers 4 Tracare 'way beyond the hundredTracTors and 5 standard and thousand mark in use on farms. orchardtype wheel tractors.

Here we show the smallest They can all be bought on easy unit and the largest, and then terms on the Income Purchase there are farmalls *'b"and "h"Plan. Write us for detailed inThe Big, Powerful FARMALL-M—just the right one for every formation on any International

Here is FARMALL-M efficiency scaled to farm requirement. And each Harvester tractor, or on any

generalpurpose needs on larger acreage.

Gasoline, or distillate, of course—but has the modern equipment it question regarding your needs.

now also DIESELpowered, in the new takes to farm with profit. With so much work ahead, it's

FARMALLMD. With Harvester's famous Besides the streamlined best to see the dealer now.

4-cylinder, 3%"x 5*4"Diesel engine, lowest possible tractor cost the operaof is realized. full for tion details Write on INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY

this new development. 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago, Illinois

v T HE ORIGINAL JhsL AL CbwjDWUCGA,

SfclNelinjt, Self Clinehin INDEX 1 A tags CO. earSALT comprehensiveMASTER STAMP and authors, crossindexed, for fortythree volumes, work covering subjects A LAKESalt 57 Lake City, Utah W. Broadway to 1940, inclusive. 1897 irom

liSend For Free Samples brariesThisandunusualprivatereferencecollectorsworkand students.will be OFF THE PRESS SOON and will be invaluable to

LOOKING BACK AT dnci&nt (fovuuuiML See itBy WILLIAM and DEWEY FARNSWORTH

Publishers of "Buried Empires of South America and "Grandeurs of Ancient America."

19*1 GAS THE REFRIGERATOR

THE BEAUTIFUL MOSAICS INLAID ON THE WALLS OF MITLA, OAXACA

In the district of Zapoteca, ten leagues from Oaxaca, occur the ruins of Mitla, consisting originally of five structures symmetrically arranged. A gateway opens upon a court one

hundred and fifty feet square surrounded by four oblong buildings, in one of which the remains of two columns are still visible. The fifth building rises above the court on an elevated platform.

One hundred and thirty feet in length, the interior walls of its spacious halls and apartments are covered with paintings, representing weapons, trophies, and sacrifices. The exterior walls

are inlaid with intricate, geometric carvings of most astounding beauty which have endured through the ages almost perfectly preserved. These beautiful arabesques are almost identical

with the carved relief work found upon the walls at ChanChan in Peru.

TEMPLE OF EL TAJIN The beautiful terraced pyramid temple of El Tajin, near the village of Papantla, in the former state of

Vera Cruz, is constructed of enormous blocks of stone, regularly laid in cement. Three staircases decorated with small niches of supposed

astronomical significance lead up its sixtyfoot height. This temple is

The Refrigerator that mostdows unusualand forinterveningits numberlessbeautifulwincarved work—the best example of

structure archiof ancient discovered. IntermingledStays Silent—Lasts Longer windowtecture yet

When you see the new Gas Rewith the masonry is an immense frigerator for '41, you'll understand amount of destructive vegetal growth.

elevations formerly Pyramidal faced say everywhere why women with stone thrown have been by down yet. bestlooking whenit's youthe trees the great of growth whose

start using it in your roots penetrated the Andhome—that's have between

when you'll really appreciate its masonry.

timesaving, foodsaving convenience, and its efficient "no moving PYRAMID OF CHALULA freezing parts"that doesn't system in (Below) noise. wear, can't make Come

largest at pyramid, The world's today.

is Chalula, state of Puebla, in the four times larger than the largest pyramid of Egypt. It now has

three and onehalf miles of tunnels.

This pyramid was enlarged by the

Toltecs and later by the Aztec nation. A cement and stone stairway

has just been found on the second or Toltec period of construction.

MOUNTAIN FUEL

SUPPLY COMPANY Salt Lake. Ogden. Provo

Serving 23 Utah Communities.

:;::-* JOHN DEERE HILLSIDE COMBINES

over fifty years, after day, giving genuine Hillside job field dependday John Deere FOR costs. ability operating exceptionally with low Combines have been leaders in California

and the pacific Northwest. Direct desYou can get a timeproved John Deere Hillcendants of the famous "Caterpillar"and Holt side Combine that levels on grades up to 55%

combines, which long ago mastered the condiuphill and 35% downhill in header widths rangtions peculiar to western grain growers, today's ing from 10 to 20 feet.

John Deere Hillside Combines stand ready to Bigcapacity, allsteel, spiketooth cylinder...

pit their strength and grainsaving abilities rotary method of straw agitation... cellbelt

against any field or crop condition. Uphill, downgrain carrier... bigcapacity, adjustable cleanhill, or on the level... in heavy or light, standing units... strong, foolproof leveling device

ing or down and tangled crops, you can always... and heavy, sturdily built frame are fundadepend on a John Deere Hillside Combine to mental features which contribute to the lasting

Hillside Combines. come through with colors flying—to stay on the satisfaction of John Deere

See your John Deere dealer for complete information on these better combines. They're moneymakers.

MAIL THIS COUPON FOR FREE FOLDER

John Deere, Moline, 111., Dept. CH50.

Please send me free folder on the Combine I've checked below.

This picture shows four John Deere No. 36 Hillside ComNo. 33 10Foot Combine

ranch hig wheat Washington. near Walla Walla, 12-, No. 36 and 20Foot 16V2 Combine Anderson Brothers'D

Name.... Rt/GGEPIY 8WIT FOR THE Town...

R. F. D...State RV66ED WEST/ J 1

Farme R

pOR him but one career will claim the gift

Of every portion of his heart's desire. By

His pulse has known the satisfying lift JEAN

Of travel, though rising steel and spire RASEY

Of city streets, loud and trafficlined,

He does not understand, and leaves behind.

Put show him plow and acre, hoe and rake,

Seed to plant, and orchard needing care,

And all the dust upheavals cannot shake

His kinship with the earthy places where

He furrows shining rows of dark brown soil

While earthworn hands are cupped in prayerful toil.

Photograph by G. M. Retyea

!he Ed itorsTaqe

SsdftQwdqmsijnL By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

want to reprint a poem that nearly sixty years I pulled the check out of the drawer and handed ago "was repeated to me in Idaho, or rather, it it to him. I said: "It is only ten thousand, one

I was not repeated as a poem; it was sung as a hundred fifty dollars short."

song by the late Francis M, Lyman. It so happened He said to me: "Mr. Grant, you are a young

that from Tooele I had to travel thirtysix miles to man. 'Old men for counsel and young men for

Salt Lake City and then on through Davis County, war'; I want you to give me your word of honor

Weber County, and up to Brigham City, and then that you will take my advice."

two and threefourths days'journey west out to Isaid: "I will make no such promise, but if I

Oakley to what was then a branch of the Grantsville can take it without violating my conscience, I will

Ward of the Tooele Stake of Zion, over which I pretry."

sided. The first motion I made as an Apostle was to He said, "O, your conscience will be all right.

present that whole country to the Box Elder Stake Deposit that check quick."I did it.

of Zion. Now, when I was on that trip, Brother Then he said: "Did that man intend to insult

Lyman sang a song to me, and that very night I sat you.'

down and asked him to repeat it to me while I wrote I said: "No. He told my friends he had reit down, and the next day I learned it: warded me handsomely."

To this he replied. "A man's a fool who takes

himself; learn each Let to know man that insult isn't intended. prolonged I have your an

let that labor gain him knowledge To life; service, because I have rendered you a great failings in those himself To improve

Which he condemns so in his neighbor. you could never look at that check but what you

How lenient our own faults we view, wanted to swear, and I believe it is worse to keep it voice adeptly conscience'And it smother; in out; crethat to let than anger heard I have

Yet, harshly review oh, how we in that the ates the poisons blood a fluid and body failings another! in selfsame The

the length shortens of life. have promised you Now,

And conscience; I say can in good if you do what when Whoseif youdeedsmeetare anblamableerring andone thoughtless, to

Consider, ere you cast the stone, you go home tonight get down on your knees and

If you yourself are pure and faultless. say: 'O Lord, I am a man who can generally exto that small within, voice Oh, list that press understands; myself everybody so I am

oft whisperings make Whose loss at a usually men confounded, not for words; I have sufficient sin; another's not trumpet And

You'd blush deep if your own were sounded. vocabulary so that I can generally talk my ideas into

Lord, tonight I am utterly And in selfjudgment if you find the other fellow. But, O

Your deeds to others are superior, and absolutely at a loss to find the words to express

To you has Providence been kind, my gratitude to you that when you made me you inferior. to should those be you As that fellow bigger heart than gave you gave me a

genial sheds a Example ray fifty dollars.'sent a check hundred for one me

to Light are apt which borrow; who Of men

I the kept I immediately opened drawer where first yourself improve today So

And then, improve your friends tomorrow. scores of copies of this poem, which I have distributed from Japan to the Hawaiian Islands, from

I did some work for a man once, and he sent me the midnight sun country down to Italy, and all a check for five hundred dollars with a letter apoloover the United States—I immediately took this

gizing for not sending me a thousand. Subsepoem out and gave it to this man, and said: "I

quently, I did for another individual some work have not had sense enough to learn but one half which was ten times harder, involved ten times more of the words; this part I have overlooked:

labor and a great deal more time; and he sent me a

check for one hundred fifty dollars, and told his And in selfjudgment if you find superior, others are to deeds Yourfriends he had rewarded handsomely. me kind has Providence been you

a as him I wrote letter about inferior."should to those be you follows: "My dear ToAs

friend: Enclosed find your check. Please take it

and go to 'H',"and then I drew a long line, but Those four lines have been of more value to me never added the Ts'and I never mailed the letter. since that man pointed out to me the force of them.

Subsequently, I showed that check to a dear friend Why, I had been preaching that poem and distribof mine, first explaining the work I had done and uting it and had not learned to apply it to myself.

asking him how much it was worth. He said: I have since tried to remember this, and commend

"Ten thousand, three hundred dollars."these lines to all my friends and brethren.

;:.'mm ''i.: '::..''

REED SMOOT AND HIS MOTHER By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

THEconvertedmother toof MormonismReed Smootwhenwas in her teens in her native Norway. She was twentynine years old

when her son Reed was born. Between mother and son a most affectionate relationship developed. The

vigorous, strongwilled lad was encouraged to enter into action or held in safe paths by the wise and loving mother. Reed Smoot spoke

throughout his life, privately and publicly, of the counsel of his mothANNA K. M. SMOOT

er as a determining influence upon his life. To her he gave a full meed here, this farm ran only two cows;

of praise for the achievements of his I run six"), we had a most delightlife. ful meal. In the little livingroom on

He often mentioned sadly an unthe center table lay a fine copy of fulfilled promise to his mother. She the Bible, upwards of two hundred

frequently relived with her boy the years old. printed beautifully on pagirlhood. scenes described of her She WHILE TINTYPE THIS OLD HAD NO NAME ON lover, per to last long. made A book

IT TRADITION TO ACCEPTS BE the side the cottage the hill, of on I looked through dewith the Book HIS IT,REEDFAMILYSMOOT A BABY, AS AND YOUNG

ELDEST SON HE WAS. MOTHER, WHOSE the barn, the cherry tree at the corTHE light. On the flyleaf the original TINTYPE POSSESSION OF MRS. IS IN THE flowercovered house, the ner of the CHLOE SMOOT CARDON, ELDEST DAUGHTER his written of the owner had Book

OF REED SMOOT. in the June, lookout on the meadow birth, date of his then the and name

hill, and the early experiences of name of the girl he married, and the her life. He promised her that some that made the trip most enjoyable. date of the wedding, then the names

day he would take her back for a In the middle of the forenoon we and birthdates of the children; and

visit to her girlhood home. Before drove up the small valley between other pertinent information. In anthat promise could be fulfilled, the two hills toward Sister Smoot's another hand came the story of the

mother passed from this life into the cestral home. There it stood, on the next owner, and so on down to the

next. hillside, as described to the boy. family now living on the farm. It

In the summer of 1923, Reed "See,"he exclaimed, "there is the was a quite complete Mouritzen

Smoot, then, among other appointcherry tree."It was an ancient tree genealogy, which was copied for

ments, Chairman of the Finance with wide, spreading branches. He Brother Smoot.

Committee of the United States Senlooked upward. "There is the look- I was about to return the Book to

ate, visited Great Britain and the out where mother dreamed her girlthe table when in closing the covers countries of continental Europe to hood dreams of life."He was great- I thought I saw writing on the blank

perform important missions for the ly pleased to recognize the things pages at the end of the volume. Sure

Nation and the Church. I was ashis mother had so'vividly described. enough! there were two pages of

signed to travel with him. During His cousin came out to greet us; writing in the old script formerly

the several months of close compantall and lean like his distinguished used in Scandinavia. Fortunately,

ionship we naturally discussed many relative, they were clearly of the I had learned to understand the old things, personal and impersonal. same blood. It soon developed that script in my earlier life in Europe,

Seldom did a day pass that he did they were alike in temperament also. and read with joy the message there

not speak of his mother in loving The prohibition question was then written.

remembrance, and express the de- a live issue in Norway. The NorIt was a message which Anna

light it would be to him, when we wegian cousin did not believe in proKirstine Mouritzen, the mother of reached Norway, to visit his mothhibition; the American cousin did. Reed Smoot, had written to her parer's girlhood home. I had to use much diplomacy as inents the evening before leaving her

At last we were in Oslo. A car terpreter in softening the opinions parental home for the unknown

was secured, and early in the mornfrom one to the other. Oh, yes, there world. Her parents had practically

ing we set out to travel to the Mourwas no doubt that they were two of cast her adrift because she would itzen homestead. It was a damp and a kind. not renounce the newfound Gospel.

foggy day; the lanes, rather than I told Brother Smoot of the find. His

roads, were narrow and winding; A fter a walk over the little estate eyes glowed. "Copy it for me,"he

but there was a clean beauty in the (the owner said with distinct said, which I did. When on the way

rolling hills and wellcultivated land pride, "When your mother lived {Concluded on page 186)

JJtSL REED SMOOT PASSING OF A GREAT AMERICAN

By RICHARD L EVANS Of the First Council of the Seventy

ter record is written and a better appraisal is handed down, we here recall, as gleaned from the press, from the funeral, and from family and friends, some of the milestones in a life which had entered upon its eightieth year on January 10, 1941—

a month before his death.

Elder Smoot was born in Salt Lake

City, January 10, 1862, the son of

Abraham Owen and Anna Kirstine

Mouritsen Smoot. His father, a native

of Kentucky, was a Utah pioneer and was mayor of Salt Lake City and of

Provo successively for several years.

At the age of ten, young Reed accompanied his parents to Provo, which thereafter he looked upon as home, though affairs of Church and State took him afar.

RECENT PHOTO PORTRAIT OF REED SMOOT He attended elementary schools in

Salt Lake before going to Provo, and

Sunday afternoon, February 9, attended the Timpanogos branch of the Reed Smoot passed on to that praise. The nation's press, and University of Deseret, which later beAcademy. the Brigham Young came life, civic, government, Church, the certainty of which he and buside- the academic from graduated He ness for so well. leaders voiced their regardknew in 1879. institution that of partment

Death came in St. Petersburg, a life of unusual service and disFlorida. Radio flashed the news of tinction, and the funeral service in Business Career

his passing and the Nation knew that the Salt Lake Tabernacle at noon it had lost a great American. The on Friday, February 14, was the Trom his boyhood, Reed Smoot deChurch knew that a man of God had scene for the voicing of many such termined to become a businessman.

started out upon a new career. tributes, as expressions from PresiHe gained an insight into the woolHaving suffered for some weeks dent Heber J. Grant, President J. len milling business by working in every Woollen of the Provo effects the Clark, of a fall,from Jr., President which David department painReuben

his institution founded Mills, by an fully his injured shoulder, Elder and George Albert arm O. McKay, this acin father. achievements His

he had gone with his wife, Sister Smith of the Council of the Twelve, tivity have been the subject of special

Alice T. Smoot, to St. Petersburg and Mr. E. O. Howard, President mention by President Grant.

only shortly before, to rest and reof Walker Bank and Trust ComHis first position after leaving school cuperate. Death came at the home pany, told of the character and work was in the "Provo Coop,"where he

of his stepson, Dr. Walter T. of this man who rose to high places did odd jobs. Less than eighteen months

Sheets. The journey by train iii Church and Nation. There folelapsed, however, before he was apbrought the mortal remains of this lowed the journey to the family pointed superintendent of the institugreat man to Salt Lake City, Thursburial ground in Provo, Utah, where tion in September, 1880.

day morning, February 13. old neighbors and townsmen of Elder Smoot was one of the prinFrom throughout the nation came "Brother Smoot"added their sincipalcial andpromotersSavingsof theBank,ProvowasCommerits first

expressions of sympathy and supercere messages of regard. president and remained active in it for

lative praise. From the floor of the No mere chronology of events can many years, and did much to build

United States Senate tributes were portray the essential greatness of a Provo physically and commercially.

read into the Congressional Record. man, nor can the everwidening efIn addition to his activity in busiThe Utah Legislature, in regular fects of his service be calculated by ness in Utah County, he had served

session, passed resolutions of high any human agency, but until a bet- (Continued on page 179) 9 WHIPPED AN ENEMY By JESSE STUART

A young American athlete and writer, born and

REARED IN KENTUCKY WHERE TOBACCO IS GROWN,

SAYS: "I AM NOT A SISSY OR A SOFTY.... I AM ONE

OF THE TOUGHEST.... I KNOW WHAT I'M TALKING

ABOUT.... I FEEL LIKE SHOUTING TO THE BOYS AND

GIRLS OF THIS NATION TO 'LAY OFF'TOBACCO."

ffK 5 m rmbig the matter, a boy?""What's

small palefaced lad asked me.Tobacco is the slavedriver of FORScholastic,this articlethewe Americanare indebtedhighto

man. I don't care what adverschool weekly, in which it first ap- "Can't you smoke that cigar?

tisements say about "good peared. They describe Jesse Stuart Can't you take it? Ain't you a man

versatile "a husky and young "settle man yet?"taste"and your

finds time to write energy and nerves."whoas

toThere's nothing it. Tobacco "If you can't smoke that cigar,"literature, of creative deal a great

doesn't settle anyone's nerves unless run his farm at Riverton, Kentucky, he said, "let me have it! Don't throw

you have already started using toteach at the Greenup County High it away."

I said. "I canbacco and it gets a hold on you and allSchool,at once.and thoroughlyBesides all enjoythese lifeother 'Thank you,"

you get nervous and have to have activities last year he even managed smoke a cigar."

a smoke. Why be a slave to toto find time to make a lecture tour "You can't do it,"he said. "I

bacco? If you use it, that's what to the West coast.... dare you."

you'll eventually be. "Mr. Stuart is a native of the Kenalong, what he After I had been superintendent tuckyborn athillsRiverton,he loves Kentuckyso much. He(1907),was A fter he'd moved

of county schools for one year, and and rode mule back or walked miles said stirred me. He had dared

principal of two large public high to school when his farm chores would me to smoke a cigar. He had said

schools, and had warned hundreds allow. He finished college at Lincoln that I couldn't. I didn't like it, I

of boys and girls of the bad influhavingMemorial,workedTennessee,his way.in threeHisyears,first wouldn't take a dare. I wasn't a

ences of tobacco, I started using it book, Man With a Bull Tongue Plow sissy. I have never been. I rememmyself. I didn't really know what (poems), his autobiography, Beyond ber the boys in the past who had

Hills, his collection of short Darkthe influences of tobacco "bad"I to dared never had and smoke me stories, o'his novel, W-Hollow, Headwere. them. experienced I had never ever called one had Not o} Trees (all published Heaven by smoked.

talking to through hatI was sissy, my my though. his Dutton), and knew me a short They many, many

students, but yet I was giving them stories published in a wide variety of that I wasn't because they played magazines, have earned high him a it. didn't advicegood and know football I believe that with me. now writAmerica's among young it all This about. came it is how never was because I had smoked I placeers."

went to my home in W-Hollow one that made me so longwinded and

Friday evening after school was out. tough on a football field. I didn't

My brother told me that there had know what it was to tire. I walked

been a wedding in W-Hollow and them any longer, the Captain of our five miles to school and five miles that we ought to go to the belling. "Bell Crowd"asked for our treat. home. And before I left home I fed

Bellings have always been delightWe were given cigars and candy. twenty hogs and milked four cows.

ful social functions to attend among I didn't care for the candy. The When I came home I milked four

the hills. James and I took our autotwo cigars that had been given to cows, fed twenty hogs and cut wood

matic shotguns, saddled our mules me were long, green, twofor-a- for our cookstove and fireplace. Yet,

and rode to the belling. The young nickel cigars. They were better during that day I had played a hard

married couple stood on the porch known among cigar smokers as game of football and I was not tired.

andhouse—fiftywatchedboysus circleor morearoundwith ourthe and"Twofers."wonderedI lookedhow theat littlethe cigarsweed smoke,Now a andweaklingI had acceptedhad daredhismechalto

guns pointing high in the air with that I had helped grow all my life in lenge.

blazes of fire shooting skyward from W-Hollow could enslave millions of My brother and I rode our mules their muzzles. Many smaller boys people. A weed that is pretty growhome up the hollow with our guns

beat on dish pans with sticks, ing in winding rows around the eastacross our shoulders. I smoked both

buckets rocks; with mountain Kentucky rang cowmany in cigars. I didn't dizzy. feel a bit The slopes—green

bells; sheep thebells and growth but guns its I felt bothered me. smoke hadn't in summer—beautifulsupplied most of the noise. white blossoms in August—and in fine, and I had that feeling of suAfter we'd fired our guns until September it changes and rechanges preme confidence that I had conthey got so hot we couldn't hold in the most gorgeous brown colors. {Continued on page 186)

Faith and cDWuaqsL and ihsL Ajt&u x>$L jcl qbxL who had boiPc

it s your turn, By Ellen,"MaryaKowannounced. She stood

up and swayed as she tried to hold MARGARET JOHNSON her balance against the wind. "I

posed as faith; now you pose as Ellen. There were camp prayershope."

Ellen stopped laughing. night and morning, and then every

family had private ones besides. "I don't call that faith,"she said.

all to be Mother seemed the praying think better of a "Can't you way to time. Ellen really couldn't see what faith that,symbolize than Mary?"

it did. good

that good!"was "Why, Mary In meetings the were always men

is said indignantly. "Faith sometalking faith. faith about they The

Ithing so> can't see, can't see you any in leaving had their had to homes itbetter to than hiding do way into in venture territory. unknown The let's grass. the see you do Now faith faith they had. they would Thehope,"

...... have. faith faith! Faith "No,"Clara objected dolefully.

this faith was anyway? What What failure dejection or or some-"Do

it? did to to have one have do Was like that."thing

it real that something worth was tired "Clara's running,"from having, or something imaginary?

said, looking scornfully at herMary it portrayed corhad Maybe Marysister.

FILLED RUSH EARS; THE OF THE WIND HER rectly. in belief that something A ENCIRCLED ITS FORCE ARMS. LIKE GIANT HER sniffed selfright""Well,"Clara

senses, lay that our was out beyond "if so*eously, taken hadn't long you sight of sound. and

faithto do wouldn't so have got we contented. sang and Mother and It the hope had, people was nobfar behind, wouldn't and have we father joked. Ellen couldn't But faith, Ellen decided, blushed. and to far to run so catchhad the of get the things Victoria some had if feel Mother would she bad knew

It's awfullywagons. windy, and said out of mind. her Ellen thinking. what then, But was tired."I'm if father mother and and What Ellen always given to been perhad

"I'll hope,"hastily, Ellen said do the rest of in the the people comverse thoughts.

I think"as as soon way."of a all mistaken? pany were What

The three walked on in silence. they were going out into the desertif

"I know,"Ellen said. "See that Until three years ago to die? Even father said that of

hill just ahead? I'll pose on the top when she was thirteen, Ellen had course the trip "wouldn't be without

of it. You know hope is always picbeen told she was a Baptist. She casualties."Well, what if she, Eltured on a hill, poised for flight like a and Victoria Greenwood next door len, were to be one of the casualties?

bird, and looking forward. I'll do it had both been Baptists and gone to If only she could be sure that it was

that way."church together. all right, that the people were not

The girls scrambled up the hill. Then something had happened. being blindly deceived, she could be

Ellen felt a little guilty about playing People started coming to the happy and wouldn't care what hapsuch a childish game, but mother had house and talking to father and pened.

told her to watch the children, and mother. Often Ellen would wake "Whew! that was a climb,"Mary

besides, it was fun. up at night and hear their voices said, opening her eyes very wide.

Hope. There was nothing that going on and on. One night they They sat down on the top of the

could be more appropriate for her to talked about baptism. The next day hill. The wind blew suddenly

portray. Hope was the symbol of they were all baptized except Mary, stronger, and Mary and Clara, untheir entire band. Hope that the who was only seven. able to stand the force of it, flopped

Indians wouldn't kill them. Hope Everything had changed immedown on their faces.

that they wouldn't starve before they diately. Victoria Greenwood had "You'll never be able to face that

reached their destination, wherever called Ellen an awful Mormon, and wind,"Clara said pessimistically.

it was. they had parted with angry tears Ellen felt a thrill run down her

Mother said it was faith, not hope, on both sides. back. She loved doing things that

that kept them going, but Ellen Father and mother hadn't minded were hard. She loved the wind.

wasn't so sure. Everyone in camp leaving. They were sure everything It was so clean and strange and

seemed to have faith in faith except was all right. They were happy (Continued on page 189)

Grain storage /* AMONG THE

CL AtoiJ jcL jtvAaat—jcmcL the construction and

of dedicationWithsubsequent the first grain elevator thsL hwwML ihaL jcojn&A, at Salt City August on Lake 27, jloUPl foritk, amL iv&ikiu part1940, as of the Church Welfare Program, the Church has returned to its traditional task of storing grain. The story of wheat and By E. CECIL McGAVIN

Mormonism suggests a more than figurative parallel; the modern hisIN COLLABORATION WITH ALBERT L ZOBELL, JR.

tory of the Staff of Life and of Life

Eternal is interwoven. Both Mormonism and wheat obtained their

footholds in this country on the rockhalted; the Church swelled its memand whirlwinds of dust, of cactus and

bound farms of New England; both bership with converts from Europe, prairie dogs"when he asked, "To

achieved fame and importance after and moved on west into that region what use could we ever hope to put being transferred into the Ohio and characterized by Daniel Webster in these great deserts or those endless

Mississippi River valleys. But here the halls of the United States Conmountain ranges, impenetrable and

the westward, relentless march of gress as a "... vast, worthless covered to 1their very base with eterwheat and of the Mormons into the area, a region of savages and wild nal snow?"Into the valleys of those

trackless wastes was temporarily beasts, of deserts, of shifting sands western mountains went Mormon pioneers and planted the seeds of faith and of grain, for under the leadership of the practicalminded

Brigham Young, the Mormons launched an economic program devoted to their temporal welfare even as they already planned temples and churches for their spiritual welfare.

In those pioneer times when the markets of the world were a thousand miles away and transportation deEmmeline B. pended largely upon the slow tread

Wells as she of ox teams, a local crop failure appeared in would result in serious consequences. 1S7S. Upon

her Brigham Aware of the grave danger of a

Young placed shortage of grain, President Brigham responsibi I My leaders of the and the Church Young launching for in all the the brethren encouraged

Relief Sothe ciety wheat settlements to store up grain against storage proj- a time of scarcity.

ect. With a minimum of comment we

shall present several excerpts from sermons which are typical of the wisdom and vision of the inspired leadership of the Church. It is significant that President Young was

greatly concerned about this important problem even before the exodus from Nauvoo. We read in

1Quoted by Pres, Heber J. Grant at the Institute

of Human Relations; Estes Park, Colorado, August 10.

1936.

the Journal History under date of PRESIDENTSHAVE HEADEDOF THEIRTHE RELIEFORGANIZATIONSOCIETY SINCEWHO wheat or anything else a man must have

July 16, 1845, that "President BrigTHE BEGINNING ACTIVITIES.OF ITS GRAIN STORAGE wouldto justifybe himhardintolettinganswer;it gofiguresto waste,are init

a council meetattended right: Left Eliza R. to Youngham Snow, Emmeline

Clarissa Louise Williams, S. Y. Robison, ining he counseled at which Nauvoo, B. Wells,Amy adequatething go toto waste.give the Beamount.prudent,Neversaveleteveryany- Lyman. Brown

the brethren to store grain in Nauvoo thing, and what you get more than you can of yourselves, take care neighask your it to their enemies."not selland

to will help time you. come The

arriving after Soon in Salt Lake Council House was projected, and bors will in that gold value hold. no.. comparison

Valley, Brigham Young specified: a proposition was made to bring the to a bushel of wheat. Gold is not to be

it it in value. with compared would Why waters of the Big Cottonwood to the fifty I thousand bushels to engage want to precious be Simply because you now? city.* of cornof and amount and the same wheat for could get gold for you it. Gold is good

other grain in proportion. I will pay you nothing, only as men value it. It is no

for cents twentyfive dollar wheat andone struggle against hunger better iron, was than lime- a of HThe piece piece a of

... all fifty the for corn. cents Raiseand stone, is or of a piece sandstone, not and real, of the conservation and this can, withgrain can and you you half soil the as so raise good from which weit imperative. foodstuffs ranged Wheat etc., those of sheep, teams, cows,purchase our necessities wheat, the other of and 2

later on. dollars to five here four a bushel from come.6..who in life.

the of 1 84849, winter in the MorWith these words Brigham Young in settlements. the And on another occasion two mon 4 A failure

left the valley to return to Winter wheat crop would have brought years later, October 8, 1855, he ad-

:Quarters to take charge personally famine to this people in the Rocky monished

planning the westmultitudes theof miles thousand Mountains, a from I set has wheat, say to every man who trek. In theward new West the civilization, finally exterminaand the to building houses, poor your to making

problem of food was urgent, for by tion, as the mobs in Illinois had defences, opening farms, or doing something, the spring of 1848, nearly five thousired. and hand out your grain to them. And if

to grain, in in speculate wish who into the immigrants had pouredsand delivered address In an by scarcity of Presconsequencethose and through drought of Mountains.valleys the Rocky in ident the Brigham TaberYoung the the ravages grasshoppers, of and come

5 first attracting consideration offerThe for grain, not money you your do nacle, said: 5, 1853, he June

President Young's attention after sell a bushel for five, ten, or twenty dollars,

I tell to question, the ask the them, is to feed our much but wheat Were "No, how in valley, in the arrivalhis the second 7 Saints, else,"poor one and no cit.. Brigham Life The sOp. Young, p. 95. of offall small supply of 1848, was the

Young, the *Bcigham Preston and His Work, Man stirred first peoplefood. were Kimball, President 130. Nibley, now D. The p. C. Heber

to activity. Over five thousand acres south5A sidetemporaryof the TempletabernacleSquare.was constructedHowever, meetingson the counselor to President Young, also

of land were plotted for fencing and were held, weather permitting, in an openair bowery. advocated the preservation of grain.

cultivation. Over eight hundred In a sermon delivered in the Taberwere sowed in winter wheat. The THEDIRECTIONFIRSTTHEPRESIDENCYCHURCH WELFAREUNDERPLANWHOSEHAS nacle, March 2, 1 856, we read

ESTABLISHED GRAIN CHURCH AND George Q. Cannon BEEN Life of Brigham Young, "The NUMBERS HAVE ONE AND TWO beforehand, and have warned been You Publishers, 88. p. Sons,and BEENE! EVATOPSBUILT. that revelation from by through Joseph God

Smith, and afterward through Brother

Brigham, who is our Prophet, you have been warned, time and time again, to take care of your grain. In the future build

yourselves good storehouses and save your grain for a time of famine, and sickness, and the death nations upon of8 the wicked, to of the evil get rid doers.

To show just how urgent the needs of the poor were upon the tithing office, President Kimball said in a

Tabernacle address, March 9, 1856:

Some may think that there is a great supply of wheat, corn, barley, etc., now in the

Tithing Office. I was there myself, two

or three weeks ago, and I asked Brother

Hill to show me all the grain there, and the whole amount would not exceed six hundred bushels. How long will it take to feed that

out? I deal out over one thousand pounds

''Journal of Discourses, 1:250.

'ibid., 111:122.

slbid., 111:227.

Courtesy Deserct News. Photos cellars yet, for of to able some not been fourteen overevery week, and11 sometimes "CHURCH WELFARE"LEFT: HARVESTING grain. in to have being out put are dug theWe pounds.hundred PRIESTIN A AS COUNTY JUAB GROWN WHEAT it, to store hold and not enough room we PROJECT. HOOD

mills to flouring get to the obliged to are go AUTHOROF GENERAL RIGHT: GROUP A 1856, 29, later, June months A few CENTRAL... OFFICIALS ITIES AT THE it. STAKE AND to for us work, every storage Let go

he spoke again on the same subject: STOREHOUSE. man and woman of us, and lay up our

stores, and build good storehouses,...

sisters,.. of care your take Brethren and If will will this of us do. each one we it has taught me, and experience has My for grain,grain; of not your waste any do father's in in his like be Joseph was Egypt it is that never principle with me, a become

it all; will an not need do and makeyou will to [the house. us world] come They to or out, benefit give out to and man any

I it. of disposition beg unsaintly orunwise this the of grain things good and and buy anything clothing, food, or money, woman,

I this for counsel, attend to haveof to you the that for are world; people I know we if else, can ablebodied and work are they 13 I ittold times; three or four because not thing. that to got have do who is for to earth there them anything on when

I but to Prophet,profess a be because... course contrary a would do. pursue To for doing. necessity thenaturally see so field at time harvest wheat in The the world and ruin make community any

of 1 grain are of out out people andThe idlers. fall. them attraction the that center of was I littlebread, myself; but and have and

their close to stores were invited Men I see, that think I should veryfrom what for were their had none, if youmany to go to take famshops machine to This policy created the need for and my house and stay for one day, you would the term "Public Works"found in ilies and join their country brothers to forsee craze you, they enough come in this of President Heber discourse fields, first to C. in gather the the wheat I feel arecrowds to pity hungry, and and in the delivered Bowery, Kimball 10 their steps to retrace grain, and then all feedthem, creation. but I cannot

Great Salt Lake City, June 7, 1857: to glean the fields bare.

'That Heber C. Kimball had folNow seven tons or fourteen thousand In July, 1857, the Federal Governdealt Tithing of the are out of flour the under an army ment ordered advice there lowed his own the to the hands is no poundsOffice upon every week Sidney Albert of General Priordoubt. scarcity to the in Utah the command reduce they can Public and Works;

in 1856, President Kimball had supplies that are in that office? They have Johnston from their base at Fort

to to Kansas, Utah Leavenworth, grainstored for the he famine up cit. Heber Address by Pres. 12Op.

rebellion."alleged Park,J. GrantColorado,at the Estes quell an Relations; The of Institute Human predicted, scarcity thehad and when

10, 1936, p. 19. fight to for a prepared Saints were of Aug. of bushels thousands he hadcame

180) on page (Continued the to with feed which onwheat hand 1 SQUARE. NO. AT WELFARE ELEVATOR GRAIN

cit. IV:337339. Discourses Journal 13Op. CITY, CAhis wife, LAKE SALT STOREHOUSE, hungry. CENTRALpoor and and He Fielding in History. Joseph Essentials Churchof OPERBUSHE'S; BUILT AND 318,000 PACITY

502. 1922, Smith, p.Vilate, to fed twentyfive one from LABOR. BY WELFARE ATED

hundred persons daily from their table, and besides, made many presents of flour and other necessities to people whocalled for help.

The famine passed, and spring brought green fields, bright futures, and the twentyseventh annual conference of the Church, which convened at Great Salt Lake City, April 6, 1857. Brigham Young counseled

the building of storehouses and went on to say:

If we have a fruitful season this coming summer, we shall have a large amount of surplus grain which we cannot carry out of the country to market; it must tarry here.

And if the people do their duty in this matter, they will continue to lay up grain for themselves and for this community throughout this Territory, and for fifty or a hundred times as many more, until they sha'l have enough to last seven years.... If we

have, as I believe we shall, a few seasons fruitful in grain, the staple articles that we can cure and preserve, it is our indispensable duty to safely store it for a time to come."

Brigham Young had a very real opinion on the giving of charity:

Ibid.. 111:251.

10Ibid.. IV:3.

u-lbid.. IV:307.

GmjUl (p&d&L. dhduvsdt

to been supposed have was Chapter VI The Vigilante she murBy 1 dered. died in Spanish 890, at She

Porter 29, 1849, inFork, March abdominal Utah, from an NICHOLAS VAN ALFEN appointed mar- a deputy jury was caroverturned caused an byOn Ogden Seminary shal. the of J>or remainder riage. Porter twelve She outlived

his life, he acted as a peace officer in years.

neglected interests were His own of In duties performing theUtah. briefly related The incident just

is further such occasions. is upon One officehis crimbrought he many a characteristic of the exexample

inals to justice to be punished by tremes men have gone and will go prompted to eulogize him in discovthe law. He killed criminals and to in order to have a book published ering that his circle of friends was

outlaws, but it was always in the they think will sell, even though it large and includes both Gentile and performance of his duty as an officer may be at the expense of character. Mormon. Some of his neighboring

at ranchers Skull Valley were Gentheof the law. Notwithstanding his for Porter was a man born not without some were tiles, and criticsattempts of Rockwell's to era; into his perfectly very he fitted

slander him, there is not a single important calling. Our country has some bitterness towards the Church,

proof of his ever having taken a life been proud of the courageous and but Porter received their hearty supexcept as deputy marshal or in selfeffective work of the officers of the port.

defense. U. S. Department of Justice; their Rockwell was hired by the WellsThere have been writers who have names are respected because they Fargo Express Company for many

accused Rockwell of most of the have made society a safer place for years to protect the stage line from major crimes west of the Mississippi. humanity; their work was effective Salt Lake City westward. This

As late as the year 1934, one of these because they "outgunned"the gun proved to be the source of many of books, under a dual authorship, could men. Porter would win fame among his good horses. Often the stage

not resist the emotional nineteenthsuch a group, just as he won the horses would get crippled so that century prejudices. By these writrespect and admiration of the good they were useless for further travel.

ers Porter is branded as the official citizens of early Utah. He was These Rockwell would buy for a

Church triggerman, whose capacity the "G-man"of the nineteenth censmall sum, usually the mares. At

it was to "bump off"anyone who tury in Utah. He was hated and his ranch in Skull Valley he had

"stepped over the traces"of Church feared by the criminals because he wellbred stallions. The colts were

discipline. One very amusing accould shoot faster, ride harder, fight therefore fine animals which found

count in this book is the case of a better, and track them to the re- a ready market and a good price.

married woman who was, according motest corners of the deserts. There It was Porter Rockwell who sped

to the writers, guilty of infidelity. has been much said against him, but the fateful news from Fort Laramie

Thus it became necessary for her these accusations did not find their to Salt Lake City of the approach of blood to be shed. This fell allegedly origin among the citizens who conJohnston's Army. There were two

within the realm of Porter's official tinually depended on Porter to reothers with him. The horses were

duty, so he is to have taken care of turn their stolen stock and rid them relayed at each mail station, and the the little matter of cutting the womof the scourges of outlawry. buckboard covered more than one

an's throat. The writers apparently Porter invariably won the admirahundred miles a day.

overlook the fact that the woman in tion of those who knew him because During the trying and fearful question, whose name they boldly of his responsiveness when a friend months when an invasion by a publish, died thirtythree years after or any good citizen was in need. {Continued on page 179)

A GROUP PICTURE OF THE LIBERTY STAKE MISSIONARIES. PRESIDENT A. MERZ IS IN THE FRONT CENTER.

JhjL St&u ofc OnsL STAKE MISSION Fivefirstyearsinstructionsago, in March,in relation1936,to thethe NTlNETWENTYTHREEHUNDRED NINETYSIXINACTIVE BAPTISMSMEMBERS RETURNEDSIX HUNDREDTO organization of a sysmissionary ACTIVITY THOUSAND, ONE SIX HUNDRED MEN, WOMEN, in the stakes oftem issued Zion were AND CHILDREN RECLAIMED FOR THAT IS THE CHURCH the the leaders ofby to Prior Church.

this time missionary work had been THE FIVEYEAR RECORD.

performed in some of the stakes with varying degrees of success. direct In those the supervision of the First Couninstructions to the presidenaddressed cil of Seventy. annual of By ADOLPH MERZ report Their

cies of stakes there appeared over the the accomplishment of these missions President of Liberty Stake Mission signature of President Rudger Clawis most interesting and inspiring. (See

son of the Council of the Twelve the page 167.) Thousands of our neighfollowing statement: bors, both young and old, have been

into baptized inactive the Church and EDITOR'S NOTE Authorities General the of The Church into active service brought membersfully President fact appreciate that the successful requested we established, since they were and ismissionary has been being and work the of Liberty now the RecentlyAddlph Merz carried on in some of the stakes of Zion. work has barely begun. Stake Mission to give us in writing

It is the considered judgment of the CounIt has been my privilege during the the benefit of some of his rich excil of the Twelve Apostles and the First past five years to be associated in the perience in this field. The mission

of the that theCouncil stake Seventy mispre- President has over which Merz Liberty Stake with and the men womensionary of is the Church work can for be made the years past five sided one into called stake the been haveto rival in in the importance, of who number the missions of outstanding of the missionaries employed, in the number of missionary service of the Church. These Church, stake or otherwise, in terms

converts to the Church, and in the general years have been among the richest and of baptisms per missionary, results spiritual uplift of all the people, the foreign best of my life. I have found as much per manhour, and in many other

missionary work for which the Church is joy in my labors at home as I have in ways. Brother Merz has been much

so universally noted. Here is a missionary the mission field abroad. The brethren too modest in his report, both connot financial dependentwork on extensive vital his his mission cerning and own missionbeen sisters who have mysupport. that All is required love and is energy, its finds his in but success, he part for the here have ary companions mostof fellow men, Godgiven and knowledge in all great as other do reward ways,

to teach.... Strong and capable men and part been valiant and faithful in their missionaries. It is with gratitude and

women are needed in this service. That the work, and I have learned to love and admiration that we here acknowledge

Gospel may be brought to bless our neighesteem them for their devotion to the the accomplishments of Brother Merz bors in their homes is the consummation we work of God. Our labors together have and his associates in the Liberty Stake

confidently anticipate. been harmonious and most pleasant. Mission.

Their combined efforts for the last five

That the stake missionary system years have resulted in 996 baptisms;

came into existence by the inspiration 623 inactive members have been brought turned out to be faithful Latterday of the Lord through His servants there into active service, a total of 1,619 souls Saints. Many of the brethren baptized

can be no doubt. The results of the won and reclaimed for the Church. have later been ordained Elders, Sevlabors of the men and women engaged To accomplish this labor the missionenties, and High Priests and are now

in preaching the Gospel at home bear aries have gone out on regular visits active in the various organizations of out this statement. It was most encourtwenty-nine thousand times; they have the Church.

aging to the stake missionaries to hear spent 54,682 hours in missionary labor Many of the sisters are now teachElder George F. Richards of the Counand have engaged in over 53,500 Gosers and officers in the Relief Society

cil of the Twelve at the October, 1940, pel conversations. and workers in other Church auxiliarGeneral Conference of the Church deTheir testimonies have been borne in ies, and a number of our converts are

clare that among the many great the homes of members and nonmem- seen almost daily laboring in the temachievements of the administration of bers, on porches and lawns, on the ple of the Lord.

our beloved President Heber J. Grant streets, one in a sectarian church, and A considerable number of young

was the organization of a local mission many of them in tourist camps. Among people, neglected by their parents as

in every stake of the Church. our converts are found the young, the far as the Gospel is concerned, would

These missions, now more than one middleaged, and the old, and we are in all probability never have been baphundred and thirty of them, are under gratified that the majority of them have tized, were it not for the efforts of our

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

missionaries to bring them in. These erty Stake missionaries reported that tize converts, to take part in confirmayoung people often reach the age of their employment prevented them from tions at Fast meetings and to be called;

fifteen years and over before they are giving the required time to their misoccasionally to address the people in baptized. As a rule they attend our sionary service. Sacrament meetings. He should also

Church gatherings and are glad to come Then, they are confronted with the have the privilege to report his labors into the Church when help and encourproblem of preparation. The missionamong the people after his release from

agement are given them by the misaries who leave home are, before their his twoyear mission at home. If the

sionaries. A considerable number of departure, taken through a short, but names of foreign missionaries are prethem come from homes where only intensive course of study and training sented in ward conferences, he who

one, or perhaps neither of the parents by competent teachers, appointed by labors at home in the same capacity is a member of the Church, and they the Presidency of the Church. When should also be included in the list, for

lead the way for their parents to come they arrive in their fields of labor a his calling is the same as that of his in later. great deal of their time is spent in brother who labors abroad and there is

There are some difficulties which further reading and preparation, an opno valid reason that can be given for have stood in the way of our progress portunity which to a great extent is any discrimination. The joys experisince we began. Chief among these is denied the inexperienced missionary at enced in preaching the Gospel of Christ

the difficulty of making available suithome. He must make a living for himare not confined to those alone who laable material for stake missionary self and his dependents and the time bor outside of the confines of the

work, which is the responsibility of he has to spare he is expected to spend Church. The faithful stake missionary,

stake presidents, with the cooperation in visiting among the people. when given an opportunity and inspired

of the bishops, of course. I have had At our stake missionary conference by the Holy Spirit, is as capable of bearthe pleasure of meeting with every in December, fiftythree out of sixtying a fervent testimony of the truth of

bishopric in our stake, repeatedly, and, eight missionaries present reported havthe Gospel as he who has labored as far as I know, in my search for new ing had no missionary experience prior abroad. We witnessed with satisfaction

missionaries, there has never been any to being called into missionary service. a demonstration of this fact at our reintention on the part of the stake misIt has therefore been our constant apcent stake quarterly conference. Resion to interrupt the activities of the peal to the presiding stake and ward cently, one of our sister missionaries, in

auxiliary organizations or the quorums authorities that the stake missionaries expressing her appreciation to her bishof the Priesthood by taking away their be selected with care and with due conop for recommending her for a stake leaders. The only Priesthood organizasideration to their circumstances and mission, said: "I have worked in a numtion we have invaded rather vigorously ability to serve. Frequent changes in ber of other organizations of the

is that of the Seventies, upon whom the the personnel, often due to a lack of Church, but I never knew what joy major responsibility of this work rightinterest in the selection of new missionwas until I was called into the missionly rests. aries, is a serious cause of retarding the ary service."

What we have always pleaded for progress of the work. Careful and wise The wife of a missionary whose

and sorely need now is suitable maselection would save some of our early release became necessary beterial for missionary service. Too often brethren and sister missionaries from cause of his business interests, remarkthe need has been supplied from the many an embarrassing and humiliating ed, "I regret that my husband did not

bottom of the list, because there was situation when they visit the homes of finish his mission; we had a much bet-

a reluctance to let men go from other our better informed nonmembers, for ter spirit in our home while he was positions. Long, unnecessary delays in I know that preaching the Gospel in attending to his missionary duties."

replenishing our depleted ranks have Zion taxes the faith and resourcefulIn spite of many handicaps, the mahampered the progress of the work. ness of the very best trained men and jority of our missionaries are striving

ed—andWhen weefficienthave mena numberare recommendof them as womenIt shouldwhobe remembered,are engaged intoo,thisthatservice.those theirto magnifydaily theiraffairscallingto enableand to themarrangeat

well as women, thanks to the good will who are sent to our neighbors'homes least in part to honor it consistently.

thorities—theyand vision of ourare usuallystake andloadedwarddownaurepresentThey mustthebe Churchsuch asandwe itswouldpeople.be Manyperiencewhoandhavewhohadcouldno missionarynot go onex-a

with so many other responsibilities that proud to have represent us. mission away from home for lack of

they cannot do justice to their missionAs a source of encouragement to finances have struggled along until they ary job. A recent check on this situathe missionary who labors at home, have become efficient and valiant servtion showed that over forty per cent of some timely and appreciated counsel ants, and God has blessed them with a

our stake missionaries have other ward has come from the General Authorities. testimony of the Gospel which before

obligations besides their regular misHe should have accorded him by his they did not possess. Thanks be to the

sionary work. This, of course, is conbishopric the same courtesies and recLord, that it has pleased Him in His

trary to the plan approved by the Genognition that foreign missionaries rewisdom to reveal to His servants a way eral Authorities of the Church. The ceive. He should be permitted to bapthrough which a host of young and midGeneral Authorities have asked that dleaged men and women of His Church

the stake missionaries be relieved of SOUL BEAUTY could realize the blessings of missionall other attendance except work, labor. who, through no fault Many at By Philip F. Low ary meetings, sacrament and andquorum into of theirs, prevented are from going

is artist not an soul service that give theythen a minimum field, mission the foreign but have who 1V1Oy canvas with brush and Withof evenings a week, which two many their desire to thus serve a Redeemer

It its cannot paint beautyof cheerfully give and some do them this for to privilege prayed have and In flush. the sunset's mellow at missionaries more. our Butmuch ( to them, and have had come many who

is soul sculptor not a difficulties to My meet which havehome patriin their to promise a them made scalpel clay: with and With fields in foreign laborthose not do who blessings that archal should be they It its cannot carve beauty their obligations tohave. have They called into of missionary the service it display. put on And requirefamilies dependents which and the Church have and wondered how

is soul not a poet My attention, fact their of time a andmuch fulfilled ) these could ever promises be pen: parchment with and With inclined to overlook arewhich and we to taste are permitted the sweetness now It its verse cannot beauty

in connection theunderestimate with spirit feel the of to the missionary and read, read again. be and To

calling. missionarystake

of their work Most has to be done ButInmya clearsoul canandshowsimpleits waybeauty nestlyjoys thatengagedcome into bringingthose whothe areGospelearduring the evenings. During the month And this is by my actions message to the stranger within the very

of September, 1940, twentythree LibEach and every day. gates of Zion.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

CHILD EDUCATION AMONG THE AZTECS By Charles E. Dibble

/"ne of the plates of the Codex Men- - doza—written by a native Indian

Mexico—faithfullyshortly after the SpanishdepictsConquestthe carefulof

and systematic training of the Aztec children by their parents.

The activities of the early years are represented in the four sections of the plate below. At the age of three years

(indicated by the three dots) the father counsels his young son. The mother,

DETROIT MALE CHORUS

Front row, left to right: George Cox, Pocatello, Idaho, district president; Ray Smith, Logan, Utah;

Wayne Anderson, Corinne, Utah; Russell Hansen, Syracuse, Utah, chorus director; Thomas Lefler, San Francisco,

California; Reed Adams, Lehi Utah; and Waldon Johnson, Idaho Falls, Idaho.

Back row, left to right: Lawrence Cooper, Salt Lake City, Utah; Jarvis Petersen, Brigham City, Utah;

Edward Lingwall, Salt Lake City, Utah; Martin Koplin, Salt Lake City, Utah; Forest Meservy, St. Anthony, Idaho;

Eldon Bitter, Salt Lake City, Utah; Albon Smith, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Ted Tuttle, Manti, Utatv; and Artiold Bangerter, Bountiful, Utah.

OsihoiL TTlak. CfafwA.

By BERNICE GIBBS ANDERSON 4P A STORY OF CARRYING THE GOSPEL A MESSAGE IN SONG

"W'ersatile and accomplished, the at a luncheon the Dewhich poet, Edgar A. OOOOOQ

invited the speaker. was a Guest, Male Chorus, "troit Mormon

group of young men missionaries of the In November, the chorus sang for in at the barracks Canadian soldiers States Mission, is unNorthern which '."&?,, is,. this, to Previousder the direction a program of President Leo J. Windsor.

Muir, has created considerable favorwas given before the Daughters of the able comment and interest in the Church Empire, a Canadian patriotic ladies'in Detroit and the adjoining city of organization. They appeared on the kneeling t o the right, advises her

Windsor, Canada. Under the leaderChurch-ofthe-Air program over the daughter. The boy and girl each reship of the nationally known Russell nationwide Columbia network, Februceive a mealtime ration of onehalf of

Hansen, formerly organist at the Church ary 2, 1941. a corn cake, which is shown in the

exhibit at the Golden Gate Exposition, In September, members of the chorus drawing.

they are attracting the attention of, and were guests of the Chevrolet Company At the age of four years the boy is making friends with, influential persons in Flint, Michigan, at a special entertaught by his father to perform easy and groups that could be reached in no tainment and dinner, when they were tasks and carry light burdens such as other manner. publicly honored before some six thou- a vessel of water. The girl receives

people. sand instruction in spinfundamentals of the attiindication of the changed An entirely missionaries of Composed ning her mother. from mealtime The in the Saintstude Latterday toward in ranging nineteen to age from twentyis ration increased to cake. one cornthis recently region given was when five, largely vocal previous without five age, the years becoming of Onthe present to chorus a asked was is training, the group a making deep light carries burdens sweeps boy and at specialmusical meeting a program impression. streets his the supervision the of under the ancommemorating hundredth one personnel the of changes chorus The girl father. inreceives additional Theniversary in of Evangelist the Church release transfer Elders, with the of and spinning. in art struction the ofDetroit. talks docon Mormon Two is size the the at but about kept of group six of the years age goes boy When trine specially requested, were and sixteen director, including the members, (indicated circuthe to the market by given choruswere members. by Russell the accompanist, Hansen, and lar left in the glyph corner) lower and

During the last few months the chorus George Cox. busies himself gathering up the scathas made successful appearances beThe following is from the Detroit tered corn and beans. The girl, having

fore more than two hundred fifty orNews', received sufficient instruction, begins ganized groups and clubs in and around The Mormon Male Chorus entertained at the actual spinning under the superDetroit and in Canada, singing to an the Tuesday noon meeting of the Southwest vision of her mother. Their food ration

estimated 50,000 persons. They have Exchange Club on November 5th. The is increased to one and onehalf corn

appeared before Lions, Kiwanis, Rochorus is composed entirely of missionaries, cakes for each meal.

tary, Exchange, and the aristocratic fifteen in all, most of whom have recently Other plates of this same Codex recalled foreign lands been from due to the Club; the training before severalColony follow of the Mendoza Town

unanimous were The Exchangiteschurches, in child radio stations, to maturity, through showing many vaand in war.

this their best of entertainment proclaiming private homes upon request. Recently the year.... These boys will sing again in rious duties as well as punishments for

they sang to six hundred fifty members this community... and sing they really transgressions. They also depict his

of the General Motors Men's Club at can! occupational activities in later life.

Telegraph poles

E OF today, with ourmodern systemw,of trucking, would think very little of signing a contract to deliver approximately eight thousand telegraph poles, to be strung along a desert road for the distance of nearly two hundred miles. A SHORT SHORT STORY by However, when the poles were being strung along the Overland TeleJAMES P. SHARP

OUT, A BULL JUMPED SCOTCHMANgraph Line, which extended from THE

REVOLVER A LOADED IN ONE HAND, WHIP the Missouri River to California, that This train arrived at the base IN THE OTHER.

was a considerable undertaking, escamp, and the wagon boss refused with scarcepecially water was where tried to him, reason with boys to The "niggers,"with other go man No apart miles springsthe small many useless. going but were it was They available. contractor the was Now,

terrible, to desert not heat theand as poles the to back unload and go his lad with him, a of eleven son had mention the countless thousands of years, and his nephew, a boy of the soon as it was daylight, for they were sand gnats, the alkali dust, and the same age. Those boys had been afraid in the dark.

possibilities of Indian troubles. around the base camp for some time The lads got on their horses and

The contract was let for delivery and had helped with the oxen and rode out to the cattle to think and to of the poles from Salt Lake City to with all kinds of work. The contalk things over. Then one rode

Deep Creek. A base camp was tractor asked them if they thought east in the gathering twilight while

established in Rush Valley in charge they could take the train through. the other rode back to camp.

of an old freighter, one of the con- "Sure we can,"they answered. They That horse covered those twentytractors, who was a Scotchman. received their instructions and the nine miles in good time. The boy

From this camp the long wagon following morning headed west. aroused the boss and told his story.

trains were cut up into smaller units, Nine miles to Lookout was an easy A few orders were given to those reeach unit being about twenty wagdrive for the first day. The followmaining there, a span of mules

ons, each loaded with from thirty ing day they made it to Simpson hitched to a light buckboard, and the to forty poles, and drawn by Springs, about twenty miles, where Scotchman climbed in, saying to the three and four yoke of oxen. This they were to stay that night, and the boy: "Lad, tee yer horse behin'. Gee

division was necessary, for if one of following day and night, and were there afore they unload."

these long trains went into a small to leave the next morning early for Up the road to Lookout those desert spring it would take many Fish Springs, the next water, fortymules went on a brisk trot, and down hours before all of the cattle could five miles distant. the other side on a swinging lope as

get water. mile after mile they traveled.

Every unit had its wagon boss who The sun had not topped Indian took charge and saw to it that the jt\ll went well until late in Mountain when they drove over a oxen were properly cared for and the the afternoon of the third day. They small hill and came in sight of Simpwagons greased. Now, dividing were resting their oxen at Simpson, son. The oxen were all yoked to the

those long trains into smaller units when a small party of men came in wagons. They saw the big black

made it necessary to hire extra men from the west. The boys talked with climb on the lead wagon and start to

to take charge. Usually after one them and inquired about certain untie the binding rope. Just then

trip into the desert the drivers were units. The men told the boys where the loping mules came to a sudden

ready to quit. they had met the other units. When stop, unnoticed by any except the

Finally, a group of negroes ( those the men walked back to their camp, other boy, who had stood there inold timers called them "niggers,"so the big leader of the blacks visited sisting on the trains going on. The

"niggers"they will be) applied for them and what a tall tale they told Scotchman jumped out, a bull whip the job. There were some twenty him of the heat's being so intense it in one hand, a loaded revolver in the

odd, who had as their spokesman burned holes in their hats, sand gnats other. He cracked the whip uncom-

a large black who stood over six feet so thick they had to shovel them fortably close to the big boss "nigtall. They were told about the desaside to get through, and Indians ger,"who thought someone had

ert heat, alkali, gnats, Indians, and literally thousands of them. He taken a shot at him. Then snapped

all, but they still wanted to drive. walked back to the other "niggers,"out the Scotchman: "I'll gee ye yer

The spokesman said they were not had a long talk, and then went over pick a three things: Go on peaceIn- including to their anything,afraid eating of where the boys were on by force—stay here carried a supper.dians, for each "Mr. Boss of his men we's goin'Man, bait."ably—gofer coyote

revolver besides his trusty "rawzer."back in the mawnin'."( Concluded on page 1 77

ing, not only the dangers of life, but also the beauties. I was reminded

of the great Leader who brought light into the world, who lived for others, who always revealed the danger of the pitfalls, but never forgot the beauties along the trail of life. We also have His representatives who are our guides and our

leaders.

But here we are already at the

Green Lake Room and we marvel to see this beautiful mirrorlike green lake, ten feet deep, along the side of the everwinding trail. And now

we enter the King's Palace, carved by nature, the beauty of which stops

THE GUIDES AT CARLSBAD CAVERNS every man in his tracks, overcome with awe by the grandeur of God's creative power. There from the

ceiling we see hundreds of thousands of stalactites in every imaginable form. This King's Palace is one CARLSBAD large circular room hung with draperies of every form imaginable: curtains of gleaming onyx, all wellnigh

transparent. The lighting system PARABLE of the cave brings illumination behind them, and we strain our eyes

Probably the largest, most By WILLIAM W. SEEGMILLER with the hope that we may see

in beautiful caves the world the of gleaming pink onyx the Western through of in President are the Carlsbad Caverns delicate rose, that old shades and States Mission southern the under Mexico, New nature produce. only can we As

Guadalupe Mountains, established walk around this circular cave, we as the Carlsbad Cave National ground, we are suddenly halted by are overcome with the creation of

Monument in 1 923 by proclamation a genteel and accommodating guide the King of Kings, the Artist of Arof President Coolidge. Later, by who assembles the many visitors tists, the Creator of everything good

act of Congress, approved May 14, (sometimes three hundred, someand beautiful.

1930, the area became the Carlsbad times seven hundred at a time) in a

Caverns National Park. spacious auditorium where he speaks Cuddenly we find ourselves in the

The extent of the Carlsbad Cavfrom a platform of solid limestone lovely chamber known as the erns is not known. They have been and informs us of the rules of the Papoose Room, with its lifelike

.explored for over thirty miles. There Caverns. papooses, some sitting, some reclinare three main levels already disAmong other things he reminds ing, some standing, some gazing!

covered; how many more exist nous that we must not put our hands on And here before us stands the stone

body knows. The first is at the the delicate formations of onyx that likeness of an elderly squaw with a

750foot level, now open to visitors. we are about to approach because little coppercolored baby swung

Below this is another apartment at our fingerprints will remain inerasbetween her shoulders from a strap 900 feet, and below this still anable as long as the stalactite or the around her forehead!

other at 1,320 feet. All of these stalagmite exists. How like the soul This trip afoot extends for seven

massive underground rooms have of man is an onyx stalagmite! Soil and onehalf miles, beneath seven to

been carved out by Nature through it with sin and corruption, repent as eight hundred feet of solid limethe action of water on soluble lime. you may, the prints will remain as stone. We now enter the Keyhole

Scores of other dramatic facts and long as life itself. which appears more like the eye of

figures can easily be ascertained When the guide told us that we a needle in these great caverns. I

by reading the history of the Carlswere not to cut corners or go carewas reminded of what God said, that bad Caverns which is distributed to lessly from one curve of the trail it is more difficult for a rich man to the public free. These we will not over to the other because of the enter the Kingdom of Heaven than

take time for now, as we invite you danger of rolling rocks, I was reit is for a camel to go through the eye to leave White City, and travel up minded of the trail of life which is of a needle, and I thought of the enthe road, winding, curving, and up hill and down hill, around curves, trance through that great wall in twisting in paved luxury through all and over rough places, 'where careJerusalem to which the Savior rethe beauties of the day under the lessness in our conduct might easily ferred, and I began to wonder if I inspiration of nature's desert creadestroy a life or break a heart. could get through the eye of a needle.

tions. Slowly, yet steadily, we followed We enter the Queen's Palace, faHere is the great opening to the the guide who constantly with his mous for the great draperies which

Carlsbad Caverns. The trails are flashlight spotted the dangerous hang from wall and ceiling, drawn

the best—the descent now gradual, places and revealed those of greatback apparently by some unseen

then steep, here a stairway, there a est interest and beauty, and then I Power to hold them in folds before dugway, here an underground green was reminded again that in our lives great windows. These beautiful

lake and now a wonderful cave. As we always have a guide. There is translucent draperies remind one of

we arrive at the first room, underalways a light in front of us revealthe colors in a garden of roses. The

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

small, threadlike stalactites hang dripping from the ceiling encases it But now we are in total darkness!

everywhere as if almost suspended in the finest crystalline lace; and Eight hundred feet under solid limein space. Here they hang from the slowly, ever so slowly, this film of stone and not a ray of sunlight!

ceiling everywhere. Among the water is depositing minute crytals Darkness envelops us so dense that

massive draperies and from the of lime; and so the stalagmite is still we imagine that we can feel it, and

floors we see the more sturdy stalaggrowing. No matter how small, no then four thousand feet away we

mites. What a marvelous artist God matter how large the understanding hear voices—a quartet singing

is! One could not behold this withof man may become, it may grow "Rock of Ages."

out being moved to a spirit of worand expand and go on forever. But here we are, left under all this

ship. How like the giants of the Lord! massive limestone, and we are tired.

Notwithstanding all this beauty, Here we can imagine that we see We've walked miles. We are even

some women are smoking cigarettes; Peter, James, and John, and John tired mentally, because we have

men too. We hear some rough lanthe Baptist, and while this is known tried to retain all of nature's granguage. Some forget that they are as the Big Room we are inclined to deur. We have discovered the imin the presence of the Master of call it the Chamber of the Disciples possibility of absorbing it all and

Artists, the God of Heaven and because here we see the Rock of the utter futility of trying to rememEarth and the Creator of all beauty Ages, their leader, and we know that ber and describe it.

and all good. We wonder why there the Rock of Ages is cleft for us Now it is too far to walk back.

isn't another rule in these Caverns wherein all may find solace, forgiveWhat shall we do? Why there is

are charity, andrequiring abstain ness, love, and we men and women to the sign as elevator! the saw We of worthe spirit to again obnoxious unbroughtfrom the filthy, weed is it there passed. be that Can we

til they are again out in the open ship. an elevator 750 feet through solid

valley, where people who do not enHere we are at the base of the limestone! We discover that there

joy the stench of the cigarette or Rock of Ages. How impressive! are two> elevators, modern in every

cigar or the pipe may free themAnd here we are led to hope that detail, second largest single lift eleselves from the presence of those we can be one in spirit and that we vators in the United States, surwho have thus defiled their bodies. can bow our heads in worship for all passed only by those in the Empire

As we leave the Queen's Chamber the good things that God has State Building in New York City.

we are attracted by streams of water, brought into our lives and all the The speed of the elevators is eight foamtipped brooklets, pouring over beautiful things which He has made hundred feet a minute.

our to refine the as to our souls, ledge temper of onyxand through and minute we are landed One to anger, spirits, our in the rippling as the brooks to overcomenatural in the right automobile our beside strengthen to our vulgarity, Mountains. approach rebukeRocky We beautiful sunlight of southern New firmly to if sip, determination walk discover toas then our and we Mexico.

life of and steadily this in the path atthat of is not water a stream and all, but it is where water once flowed finally enter into His Kingdom in the and where the crystalline lime congreat chamber of eternal existence.

solidated into onyx and still had the appearance of rippling water, eight LEFT, THE TEMPLE OF THE SUN, AND, RIGHT, CHINESE hundred feet under the surface. TEMPLE, TYPICAL FORMATIONS IN CARLSBAD CAVERNS.

It is nearly noon and the guide reminds us that luncheon is prepared not far ahead on the trail, so we quicken our step because the hike through miles of beauty underground has sharpened our appetites.

Luncheon over, we are eager to go our way. We wonder what next

we may see when suddenly we are ushered into the Big Room, the most impressive of all the chambers of the

Caverns. It is nearly 4,000 feet

long and 625 feet wide and at one place the ceiling is 350 feet above us.

In this room the stalagmites and the stalactites are massive, magnificent, and aweinspiring. From the ceiling we see huge chandeliers varied

in all the colors of a flower garden;

their sizes and contours are as varied as the shades of the onyx.

Tow we pass on the right side of the great giant dome which bears resemblance to the leaning tower of Pisa. On every side we see

these giants, and are reminded that this is the room of the stalwarts. Here

is one still growing! A film of water

THE CHURCH IN THE NORTHWEST C. past eighty years of age By JAMES

Beingand a resident and homeowner in Portland for a period WESTERGAARD of fifty years ( except about two and onehalf years on a mission), I feel queen of the Northwest Pioneer Soit would not be amiss while my facciety and presided at their annual BROTHER AND SISTER JAMES C. WESTERGAARDulties are still unimpaired to relate gatherings. Sister Bozart told me ON THEIR GOLDEN WEDDING ANNIVERSARY IN

some of my reminiscences of Portthat Mormon Elders had made at1937.

land Mormondom. tempts to proselyte and get some of ergaard and I were visiting with

While I am ofttimes recognized our people to settle with the early friends in East Portland. I took

as Portland's original stanchion, (I pioneers, but they were persecuted time to glance over an Oregonian t became the first member of the Portand forced to leave. and I read, "Two Mormon Elders

land Branch by baptism in the WilTwo Elders, George and Sam have appeared in Portland attemptlamette River, August 30, 1898; my Parkinson from southern Idaho, ing to proselyte, but without sucwife was baptized the following were sent out to Portland early in cess."I pointed out the article to

month), it should be remembered the summer of 1898 to survey and Sister Westergaard (she had been that the Oregon Lumber Company determine if conditions were favorbaptized in Denmark some years beprior to the above date was estabable 1to send missionaries to Portfore emigrating ) and she said, lished in the Hood River District land. Unknown to us, these two "Don't talk about that here; wait

by David Eccles and his associates; Elders advertised and attempted to until we reach home."After returnand Stewart, William, and Sam, hold meetings at different times and ing home she directed me to find

brothers of David Eccles, with their places, seemingly without response. these Elders and bring them to the

families were there during the sumOne Sunday afternoon Sister Westhouse with me. I went on my bimer of 1898. Also, in Vancouver, on the spring of 1896-7, Elders were called to go cycle from place to place until late

the to to that help Northwest there lived prior to up what openWashington, was following be the found where day and as the States Mission. Northwestern knowninto These Sister old lady,time a venerable at night, they but they to Elders were to stay were at 25th Centre meet Marsh on January

26th, they where were to be set apart, which was were booked to leave by boat for 25,Ann Louise Bozart, who deserves doneand 1897. on July

special mention. reference than is found The following Chronmore in Church She was via California day. the next

ology, the 215, page date 26, of under 1897 home July intelligentordinarily unusually and I left a written message However, (should 25th, Stake the 1897): be July Oneida "At

interesting. Her memory and facQuarterlyElders LewisconferenceS. Pond,heldThomasat MarshPreston,CentreDenmarkWard, for them to call at my house before

ulties unique. Jensen, were born Z. George (should be Braluy Gaston Lamb, She was their departure. the reported They

Brawley) called to Smurthwaite R. and James were at Clinton, Iowa, 18, 1826, August following informed day, and in mission me that up a states the open Washington, of Oregon,

and Idaho. Elders to sent and Preston were Pond toand came Country the Oregon intended they an unfavorto make City, Idaho, to Elders Baker Jensen and Lamb

) with her Boise and City, ( Oregon Ore., to Washington Elders and Smurthwaite Brawley and missionable report about sending

people, who were some of the most Walla'The NorthwesternWalla, Washington.States Mission,'The missionand agreeablewas named,to aries to Portland. But Sister Westinstructions the from First Presidency."George C. distinguished early pioneers in the I advised them to send and Parkinson president. was to ergaard (Information according forties. For she was Elder George many years Z. Lamb.) shortly. 19, Elders out July On

1898, Elders Joseph G. Nelson and

W. J. Barnes arrived. They came

on foot and informed us that their first night and last money had been spent at the St. Charles Hotel, and

so I became to them as Frederick the Wise of Saxon was to Martin

WILLAMETTE RIVER, WHERE THE Luther. By these Elders I was bapFIRST PERFORMED BAPTISM WAS tized.

MISSTATES IN NORTHWESTERN SION. Persecution was equal to what

it had been at other times and places; but the spirit of God was

manifest well equal to the opposition, and soon the Elders saw results of their efforts. The family of Henry

m C. Simmons (my close neighbors)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Brother Ballard, but the gifted minister could not be persuaded by his many visiting and local associates and admirers to meet Elder

Ballard in a religious discussion. A

Danish cayuse preacher attempted

ALISKY HALL, PORTLAND, FIRST to enlighten the Scandinavians here

MEETING HALL IN NORTHWESTin Portland concerning the religious

ERN STATES MISSION. suffering that had come to our people from Denmark because of Mormonism. I attended to him in the

same Scandinavian paper and later some of his own flock also objected to his lack of knowledge and tradition concerning the Danish people in

Denmark and Utah.

one, But, said Pharaoh. family baptized. of Jacobwere The "Just leave

If alone. persecute and Some of the Elders who deserve them you members, fourteen withBaverly,

honorable for conspicuous mention of martyrs, seed the Idaho. any them to Portland from makemoved first service in the of years the Gosin the their church and flourishes Sister with grows BeckerBrother and

in Portland besides pel's spread W. its the martyrs. This of blood bapwas daughters weretwo adopted Barnes Nelson G. and Joseph in history early of these Dismistake the River in thetized, and Hood

P. wereJ. by Walter Monson, who If subnot people. they beentrict had Davenport Brother Jeremiah

his qualities rare of a friend became have there to persecution the ject would led family hiswith numerous

Story; H. Garner, M. J. W.way. Much credit is also due Stewbeen no Mormons today."ExMayor F. Flander, A. Workman, Jen- J. E.

kins, Charles O. Dixon, A. O. Johannesen, Elijah M. Hiatt, J. W.

lire, Jr., L. P. Oveson, H. B.

Hawkes, H. P. Madsen, George A.

Sims, Albert Call, David Parkinson,

N. Jorgensen, Ira M. Skow, N. Dalstrom, Orson Hogen, W. F. BromTHE L. D. S. PORTLAND CHAPEL ley, L. J. Garner Clayton from

Provo, expert on a tin whistle; and

many others I know deserve honorable mention without detracting from any.

At the organization of the branch,

I was made branch president with Henry C. Simmons and an old

art Eccles, who had missionary exceptionally gifted antiMormon man by the name of Robinson as perience and was well and favorably speakers were sent for and widely my counselors. Shortly after, we

known in the Hood River vicinity. publicized. discovered Mr. Robinson was a

As late as mission president MelJosephite. When I left for my mis-

1 I Ballard's signal vin time in a sion was in 902, the succeeded was J. center. the storm wasDortland gifted orator attempt a by branch made presidency F. Marcus by persecution rampant, was Here at na- a Holling. I monstrous League Epworth in return 1905, my On it after especially known became.gathering to tional defame again Morpresident. branch became At I convertsthat been made. had recoiled. divine monism. the organization of The the OregonAwell of those some remember who in at public debate stadium any Portland Cement LeCompany, diseffort forth to putimpeded and city, hall rent, advertising, the the Richards to funcGrand out came the theturb Lord. of work The (Concluded on attractions to musical page 178) be defrayed

most bitter opponents were members by the Mormons, was offered by of the Northwest Ministerial AssoPRESENT NORTHWESTERN STATES MISSION HOME ciation, who had whole pages of the

Oregonian at their disposal for malignant purposes against the Mormons: "Their propaganda only

hurts their case, as no one but silly women and lustful men will join them.""If that foul monster Mormonism pricks up its head and

breathes its foul breath in our faces, we shall resort to real violence worse than in Missouri or Illinois."One

would turn the Mormon missionaries over to the tender mercies of his

Great Dane dog. One likened them

unto the frog plague in the time of

DREAMER'S GOLD MORE STRING By Helen Mating By Marvin Miller the fancy shall lure Dreams Kites rise against, not with the wind; choose; Anywhere we

There is much for gaining, More string will put them higher.

laughing longs to send boy who And nothing we may lose. The

the wire His kite above Dreams shall guide us brightly And trees and buildings can depend

Beyond the town of gray On winds that seldom tire.

To fields of round red clover,

To white sails on the bay. And youth who lifts into a height

From lower levels, learns Always and forever, To face the wind as does the kite.

The treasuretrove will be Though broken twine returns

Uncovered in the musing Some kites to earth, he knows a flight

For dreamers such as we. Is worth the string it earns!

Always and forever, The road of dreams empowers, So, take it for a moment THE INNER MAN

The universe is ours.

By Lavon H. Cluff

CHAINS I Thefeel manthat thatI shouldI appearlike toto seebe.

By Cristel Hastings mountain in theseAlways lands Photo by Maud Mero Doolittle. AI feartriflethatsmallerI wouldthanfindI me,show,though, rolling sea, of a I thought

a sea gull's cry ships whitesailed andOf SONG me. part of seemed asThat By Maud Mero Doolittle ForSo oft'man,hisinprettykeepingselfwithwouldhis hide.pride,

to other lands, the seasI sailed endless, wasBut the way long GrayIn apussyvase willows I'm sure that I would rather be

And, oh, to barter a homesick heart Of scarlet The man that only God can see.

For the note of a robin's song! Eloquently grace

A sober shelf MIDDLE AGE ThatThe firstheartsgladmaymelodysing MOLEHILL

By Hortense Spencer Andersen Of spring. By Katherine Fernelius

m bit eerie, is it a dreary, if not say is suchSome PRIDE repair, MARCH THE WIND fatigue of and age An thing, pretty A to naught laughter, with wit S. Dustin and Edna ByOf spent loneliness And

after come frightening So jumps down over the Wind hair. wrinkles, gray deep boredom,But if friend, only Dear Thetrees;March

see could You rain's whistles banjo he strums on the is he life As beset that forget they couldHow Pride, mountain, Your keys; flung. far surprises and wonderWith

to me! naught Seems off pulls the hats on tumbleweeds, kicks is He a nice but such strange, ageYes, middle

change sly, From being eternally young! Then snatching boy's kites, he leaps back

in the sky. IRONING DAY m

BIBLE BOOK MARK LIGHTS BEYOND By Genneua Dickey Watson

Johnson Kinder Cornelia By Anna By to find young I was young—too WHEN kneeling trees are life whiterobed swift royal guard kept its through years of TheIT to in prayer. ironing outspread day meant something new Then arms With dark.

Its simple duty was to separate Their slender fingers tremble learn.

air. I'd watch as Mother's slender hands would the crystal Within purple mark with one long pageA

lift are bending boughs of hate. instead The snowdraped fingers seeking loveFor

In graying rays of light, And ease each wrinkle with a mild conAnd slender aspen beauty cern,

WHEN ERROR IS SLAIN TheIs robedfragilein veilsilverof white.darkness ThenLeavingtakea paththe ironfor andclearletandit lightlyswift return.drift,

By Ruby LeonardMcCall Enfolds night's tender charms Her gentle movements seemed somehow to agefingered rocks smooth naked Where hills. southern the the Saints among

still all child thoughts a troubledASK arms. sheltered in her Are And plains. coastal of the Saints the Ask think. kisses; stars might pale send me laboring missionaries day afterAsk tears; catch snowflakes day TheThe my is slain. errorThe

... theprice—when they, too, ironing have steals hands through voice Your the silence My

the from echoes hilltops That the red from resound voicesTheir to singing; awakes years. My smallpowerone'sto soothegrief... My love plains. the sandy from backAnd. echo

Vile slander, abuse, the neighbor's contempt My heart throbs longingly; Ah, we must keep this link

gold That runs through hands of women everyIn glimmered of moonbeams, where smile drifts to me. backThe iprice—when error is slain. Your

Listen! Again their voices you hear Your love of tender music, This fostering love that helps each man and

In ajloud and joyful refrain. The song of gentle rain. child

Happiness, peace, a vast content The soul that feels life's gladness To start the days in harmony, old care

The reward—when error is slain. Must also know its pain. Left off, and overburdened hearts beguiled.

CE lfiurcKlovesNewJOStakes Organized the family income with dressmaking. of the Church congratulate him upon the

In San Diego, Reno In 1910, Sister Clawson accompanied approach of his eightyfourth birthday.

President Clawson to Great Britain, in the numbered ChurchC takes entire family Regulations her her 136 taking with Govern and New*-* organization, the with FebSunday, acting "mission as to the of mother"EldTemple Use Recommends stakes, in 9, oruary one San two new ers. directed the her husband While lists having been discarded, T17ard in California, Reno, oneDiego, and affairs of the Mission she European

Nevada. identified herself with Relief Society "T admission to temples of the Church

only, will recommend be by individual In Wallace San Diego, W. Johnson President work. Clawson and Sister

ishave to be which will a recommend as stake president, sustained withwas their fiftieth annicelebrated wedding

Willard Kimball, first counselor; Lawversary in 1933. sued twice yearly, with expirations for

rence Crandall, second counselor; and Survived by her husband, Sister the current year falling on July 1,

1, 1941, 1942. and January Recomclerk. Willardson,Vincent and Wards also leaves daughters and two Clawson

triplicate, in are out mends made in the stake, bishops includedward new sons: three Bond, Mrs. Clawson Gay

authority, local the to kept be one by in California, tothe twelfth formed be of Hoopes, Lydia Clawson Mrs. Washthe president to stake mailed one be by Hillcrest,are: Brazel Hawkins; North ington, Bradly Clawson, D. Hyrum C; the to concerned, temple to be one and B. FairSamuelson;Park, Anthony S. of Salt Lake; Lorenzo Clawson and

his identificaapplicant as taken the by Heights, Heaten;mont, Terrance Logan Chicago. of Clawson Samuel and G.

tion. all in Kristiansen, Diego;Daniel San

S.National Wright; City, George and President Clawson Nears intoUnderthe worthinessthe system ofof carefulthe applicant,inquiry Branch, Stobbs, Ralphthe La Mesa

president. Eightyfourth Milestone it is necessary that anyone desiring to

visit shall to application a temple make at organization Present the Elwere 12, Elder ClawRudger March (\n it is his at least ten before bishop days ofder Richards the Council Stephen L presiyears for son, twentytwo to Foruse the planned recommend. the Blood, H.of Twelve; Henry new the of the Twelve of dent Quorum malities the involving bishop both andpresident the California of Mission;

eightyfifth of enters the year Apostles, president, the the transmittal stake and outgoing Airdand MacDonald, W. life. cessayears seen his no have The to the mail to the sent of be by copypresident of the California Mission.

faithful devoPres. tion Clawson's of at time. that require least temple much four four Comprising wards and missionduties. his to tion As Church the unless can admitted be one No totalbranches with a population of prespresident, mission stake ary, as the at received has been recommendtwentythree hundred members, Church as for years fortytwo ident, and now temple.the the Stake formed from Reno was the Church. served Apostle, has he an

district the California of MisNevada his of the recent death Afflicted by Relief Society Approachession, including northwestern Nevada Sister Lydia E. lifelong companion, Ninetyninth Anniversary that northeastern Caliand portion of President Clawson Spencer Clawson,

liesfornia east Sierra of the which observances /hurchwide on March his with carries nevertheless work on mountains. T. Hurst Nathan was will ninety17 the commemorate thorsteadfastness characteristic and president; stake Robertnamed J, Jamieninth of anniversary founding of the contributhe for Grateful oughness.

firstson, counselor; William and A. its beginthe Society, Relief had which his faith industry tions have and made

Shipper, counselor. second The new 156) (Continued page on the to continue make, membership and

their are: bishops andwards Reno, E.

Vaughn Abbot; Susanville (California ), William G. Porter; Fallon,

George G. Miller; and Winnemucca,

Gordon W. Clark. Wards will be organized at a later date at Sparks and

Westwood. Carson City and Portolo

will continue to function as independent branches in the new stake.

Directing the Reno organization were

Elders John A. Widtsoe and Joseph F.

Merrill of the Council of the Twelve.

Lydia E. Spencer Clawson

Taken by Death Kourned by all who knew her, Lydia

E. Spencer Clawson, wife of President Rudger Clawson of the Council

of the Twelve, died, February 1, in her eightyfirst year. Tribute to her long

life of faithful devotion to family and

Church was paid her by members of the First Presidency speaking at funeral services conducted in the South Eighteenth Ward, Salt Lake.

Married to President Clawson in 1883, she became the mother of nine children. In Brigham City, where her

presided over thehusband Box CLAWSON, Elder PRESIDENT RUDGER EIGHTYFOUR, LYDIA E. SPENCER CLAWSON, MOURNED eleven years,Stake for she augmented 12 MARCH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 155) ning at the hands of the Prophet Joseph James Judd, left, and

Smith in Nauvoo in 1842. Elvon W. Orme, right,

As part of extensive plans for a huge ingoutgoingAustralianand Missionincomcentennial observance in 1942, a search Presidents.

is being made for an appropriate insignia to mark the one hundredth year of the organization. Sister Amy Brown

Lyman, president of the Society, which has national status and which annually sends delegates to the Women's Congress, announces that letters have been sent to art departments of several colleges and universities inviting students to submit sketches in the insignia drive.

Membership in the Relief Society, including units in the missions, now numbers nearly one hundred thousand women. gram in his judgment as "permanent New President Named

Six Thousand Attend Central because we shall always have widows, to Australian Mission spirit orphans, the poor."of and In aRegional Welfare Meet

crisis warning, he spoke of a coming to succeed President James in A ppointed of the Salt annual meetingHPhe fifth history. the world's period a saw He of the Australian MisJudd as head

Lake Region of the Church Welof what would be called prosperity, sion, Elder Elvon W. Orme, first counfare Program, which convened Sunday, "and then we may look for something selor in the Tooele Third Ward bishFebruary 2, in the Salt Lake Taberelse."opric, will leave early in March to

nacle, was significant not only for its preside over the mission where thirty impressive review of the year's accomChurch of the Air Hears years ago his father, C. Alvin Orme,

plishments and its portentous forecast Northern States Mission presided before him. The new presifor the unbut also ahead,of what lies a first term mission himself served dent the subject, on "America Cpeaking nearly of attendanceprecedented Australia 1934. to from 1932 six * the on of God,"in Must Put Armor nineteen the people fromthousand

stakes of the region, whose presence President Leo J. Muir of the Northern President Orme attended Brigham

as University served has and Young States heard Mission Sunday, Febwas interest the in growingmanifests a for in recorder county deputy Tooele 2, the over ruary nationwide network the of Church.Welfare work

in activity, years. several His Church of Air. of the Columbia's Church SupPresident ReuPresided over by J. his to mission addition previous and porting originated program, the which of Clark, urged membersben Jr., who in bishopric, includes the service recent station Detroit, Michigan, from WJR, to to shoulder Priesthoodthe work

first in counselor service the as Tooele a missionary chorus, the male was Delabor in becauseshoulder manual

I. the in counselor as A. Stake and M. troit Singers, several wellsang which is "only obtainedbrotherhood when

presidency. Stockton Branch also hymns. (See known Mormon thebrother brother on meets common

ground of service to the Lord,"the page 146.) Because American missionaries have

meeting heard illustrated reports of been recalled to home fields of labor,

Welfare activities in the nineteen stakes Circleville Chapel Makes Way President Orme will have only local in Salt Lake, Tooele, and Davis counFor Welfare Center leaders serving under him.

ties. Bishop J. Leonard Love, chairHPhe old Circleville Ward chapel, a President and Sister James Judd, who

man of the Bishops'Executive Comframe structure built more than will return in March, have presided mittee of the region, gave an account of thirtyfive years ago, will soon be reover the mission for three years.

distribution from the regional storeplaced by a new Welfare building to house; Lester F. Hewlett, a member of serve the Circleville, Junction, KingsPresident Bowman Named

the executive committee, reviewed outton, and Antimony wards of the GarIndependence Chamber Head standing projects: the building of a field Stake. Lumber and materials are

elethe erection of grain farm,poultry for in the use being salvaged new '""'"Olderthe JohnCentralF. Bowman,States Missionpresidentandof StoreBishops'vators at Central the building. chapel not been had The old

house, the establishment of plants for used as a meeting place since comformer mayor of Salt Lake City, was dehydrating fruit and curing meat, the pletion two years ago of a $30,000 naaccorded what was described as a building of lowcost homes, and plans tive stone structure. "unique"honor when he was voted

for Fairfield Village. Announcement president of the Independence (Missouri) of milk Commerce. Chamber the organization of a As of madewas Soldiers Attend Canadian

of the Mission, States Central head committee.processing

L. D. S. Services London is also President vice president chairregional Bowman Knowlton, Ezra C.

man, who conducted the meeting, an- A letter from Elder A. K. Anasand manager of the Zion Printing and

nounced the budget assignments for ** tasiou, acting leader of the British Publishing Company in Independence.

each stake and outlined plans for the Mission, states that "quite a number"coming year. President Amy Brown of Canadian soldiers visit mission headFlag of Nauvoo Legion

Lyman of the Relief Society also spoke, quarters in London and attend services. Flies at Guard Rites

stating that by the one hundredth anMost of them are Elders.

niversary of the organization next year, Districts and branches in the mission Prominently displayed during the each of its one hundred thousand memhave been functioning as usual, is the program marking the one hundredth bers will have pledged to support the report. Tithing and fast offerings have anniversary of the Utah National

Welfare Plan. increased. The Relief Society groups Guard was a flag which is a memento

In his concluding address, President are assisting those who have suffered of the organization which gave the Utah

Clark characterized the Welfare Proin the war. Guard birth—the famed Nauvoo Le156

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

The Church Moves On Theme"The Defenseof B. Y. ofU. Truth"LeadershipFormsWeek andof thepresentChurch,actingplansPresidingthe observancePatriarchof

his eightieth birthday, on February 27.

three thousand Churchgion, in 1841 un- "Tearly organized these of eighty years dewhich he has was and Most leaders from one huncommunity of Illinois, service: toder the laws stake as voted Church pawhose members

saw service with the Mormon Battalion dred five stakes and seven missions and triarch, as counselor in the Tooele in 184647, and who finally formed the representing thirteen states, Mexico, Stake presidency (18901906), as basis of the territorial militia in Utah, and Canada, thronged the campus of head of the European Mission (1916predecessor of the National Guard. Brigham Young University during the 1919), and for many years as presilast five in attendance of days January Salt dent of the Temple. Lake tattered old thirtyflag bearing The at the twentieth school's annual Leadercall his to the Apostleship, Before starsnine Lieutenant by is now owned ship of Defense "The Week. With as stockraiser farmer a successful and Salt Irwin ofColonel Lake. Clawson

institute, the as its theme, Truth"grown (although the unihe graduated from to a significant adult educational event, versity with a degree in English ), ElRoosevelt Stake Gets was addressed at general assemblies by der Richards built on solid foundations

New Presidency President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Presithe enviable structure of his family

dent David O. McKay, Elder Stephen life: married to Alice A. Robinson in

Cucceeding Byron O. Colton, Ray E. L Richards; by members of the Presid1882, he is the father of thirteen living

*-* Dillman was appointed president of ing Bishopric: LeGrand Richards, Marchildren—eight daughters and five sons,

the Roosevelt Stake at a recent quarvin O. Ashton, Joseph L. Wirthlin; and whose children, like the olive plants in

terly conference. Counselors named to by Dr. Franklin L. West, Church comDavid's psalm, have sprung up round

serve with him are William R. Todd, missioner of education, and Dr. M. his table to bless him, "who feareth the

of the old presidency, and Joseph T. Lynn Bennion, supervisor of seminaries. Lord."

Bentley. Short courses meeting one period For. his position not only as PatriWith Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of each day taught subjects in religion, arch to the Church, but as patriarch to

the Council of the Twelve directing the social and international problems, such a posterity, for the persuasive and reorganization, several new bishops teaching methods, science, art, and wise use of the authority of his office, were also named at the same conferwere augmented by seventeen departfor his clear understanding of the Gosence: Arthur Wiscombe, succeeding mental exhibits. Members of Brigham pel, for the poise and inward sweetness

Leland M. Angus, in the Ballard Young University faculty with the coand strength of his personality, and

Ward; Horace L. Richy, succeeding operation of visiting auxiliary general for the peace and conviction of all

Heber T. Hall in the Roosevelt Ward; board and other leaders conducted the these eighty years, the membership of

and John A. Olsen, succeeding Willectures and discussions. the Church wish Elder Richards and

liam K. Dye in the Neola Ward. President Franklin S. Harris, who his family well.

inaugurated the first Leadership Week the directs in 1922, of the proceedings Religious Education ProgressChurch Noted event. annual of the 1941 Chairman in Teachers Annual Meetin Stakes of Southwest director Dr. Carlton Culmsee, meet was

of the B. Y. Extension Division.—U. College Student His and '""Fhe Worproject stake missionary unusual N A Oliver Smith. by Reported R. ship,""Effecting ReliGenuine"** in established recently Phoenix was

in gious the Living Lives of College Protestantafter found survey church a F. Richards George Approaches reports Students,"curriculum, and on

fifty belonging people not hundredone Eightieth Birthday for a insurance of proposed program preferthe yet expressingto a Church school teachers Church were among press, to F. Elder go George we As doctrines Saint for Latterdayence and

intopics discussed sixty some by "thirtyfive for Richards, years a the theorganization. President of Phoenix

in religion structors colfor students of of the of the Council member Twelve Price, calledStake, one R. hundred J. level lege in threeday an- a met whofifty to missionaries to go and two two

in nual during Salt convention Lakevisit "investithe discovered newly gators."January. The teachers, accompanied

their inwives, by Church from came A. Elder Widtsoe, makes who John

states, stitutes in from five western andthis following of the report tour a Mt.

the University and Brigham Young Phoenix, Los Juarez, andGraham,

S. College. Business L. D. stakes, that alsoAngeles commented

Dr. Franklin Church com- L. West, the farm products fromChurch Welfare

that of education, missioner announced are sold in beingJuarez Stake Mexico has school Arizona, board the Mesa, theCity. of the Juarez At Academy

for credits school decided to grant high of found, he promiChurch, members

S. in Bible courses L. D. study the Mesa families fornent applied Mexican have

first the such instance of seminary, facilitiesenrollment, but are already

Buildingscrowded. at the academy are inarycredits coursesbeing allowedin Arizona.for ChurchThe Unisem- enlargedbeing and renovated.

versity of Arizona and three Arizona

New Stake Presidency ingstatecreditsteachers'for collegesinstitute arecourses,alreadyas givare

Named In Sacramento several universities and colleges in Utah,

Idaho, Wyoming, and the University of

T Homer Smith, former first counSouthern California.

A * selor, has been named to succeed

Mark W. Cram as president of the SacLast of Australian Elders

ramento Stake. Second counselor Charles R. Dana has been appointed first Receive Transfers, Releases

in presidency,counselor the new of President exception the and and With counselor. Busath,Stephen E. second Sister will return Judd, James who

Stake membership today totals nearly to the United States in March upon the three thousand members, as compared arrival in Australia of newly appointed with an original sixteen hundred. GEORGE F. RICHARDS (Concluded on page 158)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

zona; Madge Pierce, Aberdeen, Idaho;

Elmer B. Smart, Sandy, Utah.

Northwestern States: Eugene W. Bringhurst, St. George, Utah; Thomas A. Gunderson, Murray, Utah.

Southern States: Stanley L. Arnell, Logan, Utah; Harold A. Dalebout, Ogden,

Utah; Isaac B. Holt, Raymond, Canada;

Joel R. Huff, Salt Lake, Utah; Rulen E.

Morris, Safford, Arizona; Nedrough W.

Woodruff, Glenwood, Canada.

SpanishAmerican: Robert E. Threet,

Lovell, Wyoming.

Texas: Meldra A. Cheney, Renton,

Washington; Ward M. Hicken, Raymond,

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME Canada; Grace Holley, Spring ville, Utah;

ARRIVED JANUARY 20, 1941—DEPARTED JANUARY 29, 1941 Emerson H. Kennington, Preston, Idaho;

Left to right, first row: Vern Dean Eschler, Maxine Andrus, Cleora Kelsey, Bertha Openshaw, Pres. Don B. Wallace G. Trottier, Salt Lake.

Robison, Irene Colton, Nicolaysen, Morrison. Maurine Leona Western States: Ralph W. Kauer, RexStettler, Egley, E. David row: Joseph Second Floyd H. Yarn, Jr., Vera Gleason, Laura Larkin, Blanche burg, Idaho.

A. Hansen, Zollinger, D. Robert Brown, Don Rudger McArthur. M.

Third row: Orville Merrell, LeRoy Woolstenihulm, Royal S. Jenson, Horace S. Garn, LaVerne Durtschi,

Gilbert Nelson, Blaine Roderick M. Poulsen. H. W. Millar,

row: J. Fourth Grant Rex Burk, D. Cook, Merlan H. Latimer, Raymond G. Burton, Maurice Butikofer, Bishops Named

Leland H. Tuft, Wayne N. Clement, Paul S. Dixon, Edward L. Packham.

Fifth Delbert E. Barnes, row: Grant A.

L. Pearson, R. Wright, Glenn Weaver, Vaughn Hunter, Geneva Ricks, Harmon J. Campbell, East Garland Ward, Bear River Stake, Thomas Smart. Max Ray

Sixth row: H. Lavern Reynolds, Aquila C. Nebeker, Preston Atwood, Howard White, Hal L. Coleman, Robert J. Potter succeeds Lester

Rigby, Dale T. Smith', D. Quinn Mathol A. Hatch. Hale, Wayne L

Seventh Karl row: R. Lorin McRae, Hunt, Nower, Thomas Ted J. Crandell, David William Clayton, Clyde Holman.Yuba City Ward, Gridley Stake, Harry Seters, Stratton, E. Daniel Joseph instructor. Berrett, John William Van

Eighth row: Lane A. Compton, DeWayne H. Falk, Lloyd George, William D. Pack, Denny L. Andreasen, E. McClure succeeds William H. Matthews.

Edwin A. Jenson, Junior McKay, Hans Bolstad, James E. Borg, Dwaine A. Jacobson. Superior Ward, Lyman Stake, Foster L.

Gordon succeeds Lawrence E. Harris.

Stake, Acequia Minidoka George Ward,

California; RichAllen Pearce, H. Linwood, Isaac Larsen. succeeds Williams

BartlettThe Church Rigby, Idaho; Dayton, man, Alma Moves On Stake, City Boulder DudWard, MoapaJ. Thatcher, Aberdeen, Idaho; Alva Emanuel ley Clifford Leavitt succeeds (Concluded Knudson. 157) page from Salt Arizona; Eden, H. Thompson, William Stake, Mesquite Ward, Moapa Max Totgerson, Sacramento, Louise Lake; A. all of presidentmission Elvon Orme, W. Pulsipher. succeeds Hafen Howard Mayfield, California; Whitlock, Morris C.the missionaries serving in the Australian Castle Stake, KuParowan Ward, New Utah. Holden, Utah; Dorothy Wood, evacuated.Mission been have now Tullis. S. succeeds Gardner man John

Transferred to the California Mission reEast Central States: William F. Adams, Roseville Ward, Sacramento Stake, Ancently were Elders John D. Petterborg of Delta, Utah. tone Van Drimmelen succeeds Samuel D.

Preston, Idaho; Albert L. Taylor, Jr., and Eastern States: L. Marcel Anderson, Salt Sandusky.

Raymond H. Walton, both of Salt Lake Lake City. Romeo Ward, San Luis Stake, Ramus M.

City. Robert T. Johns, also in the last Mexican: Adela Pacheco, Morelos, Mickelsen succeeds Albert R. Hawkins.

group to return, was assigned to the HaMexico; Elena Parra, San Marcos, Mexico. West Seattle Ward, Seattle Stake, Ben

three reLee. Mission, Elders Francis succeedswaiian were and Young M. Pres- E. England: Glenn Hawkes, R. Newleased: Stake, Star Godfrey, Calvin Valley Murray, Seymour Etna Ward, J. ton, Salt Idaho; Nelson, Lake, V. Frank Fluckiger. succeeds SquireUtah; William A. Bateman and and Cannon Lyman W. W. P. Olsen, Olsen, Utah; Logan, N. Mary Ada Stake, City. of Salt Clarence Teton Driggs C. Ward, LakeG. Mason Utah. succeeds C. Cordon. Voss Murdock

KirtBlack, States: Ethel Central North Stake, Point Tooele Samuel Lake Ward, MissionariesRoll Call of land, Lional Mexico; A. Keller, Mink New Yates. succeeds William Clark G. W. inReleased Idaho; B. Svedin, Deeth, January* 1941 Creek, Paulus NeYellowstone Stake, LesFarnum Ward,

vada. ter C. Hendrickson succeeds Percy Hawkes.

"\T 7ith their names entered as a final Northern States: Esther J. Nemelka, Independence Ward, Rexburg Stake,

** official gesture in the big register Salt Lake; Ellis G. Nielsen, Tucson, AriJohn L. Nelson succeeds Reinhart Walz.

of "Missionaries Honorably Released,"at Church headquarters in Salt Lake

City, the following men and women have returned to their homes after a period of faithful service in various mission fields:

Brazilian: Emmanuel H. Ballstaedt, A.

McFarlane Erskine, Salt Lake; Paul D.

Williams, Burley, Idaho.

California: Don C. Archibald, Rexburg,

Idaho; Asael M. Buttars, Cornish, Utah

Jesse Z. Chandler, Westwood, California

E. J. LaMar Fairbanks, Caldwell, Idaho

Grant E. Gardner, Detroit, Michigan; John

Idaho; Alonzo A. Thornton, N. Jackson, if: MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE Lorin ton, Fairview, Wyoming;Kenning ARRIVED FEBRUARY 3, 1941—DEPARTEDFIELD FROM THE SALTFEBRUARYLAKE 12,MISSIONARY1941 HOME B. |

Owens, Thatcher, Arizona; George Peterfirst row: right, Lippold, Barton, Hansen, Mildred Bybee, to Pies. Margaret B. Verna Walden M. Don Elsinore, son, Utah; Paul R. Stoddard, LoColton,Left Kleven, P. Wheelwright. Margaret Thomas, Edna Worth

Utah. gan, Randall, Elaine Elliott row: Nephi Second Perkins, Ross, Earl Cox, Burgener, Pearl Walter Zaner Wightman

Teeples, Taylor, Parkin. Marie Crane, Vera M. Warren Wayne C. S. Anderson, States: Charles Central

Third row: Jensen, Stuchi, Mont Wallace Martha K. Facer, Lola Winward, Fern Rust, Arnold Green,

L. 'Birdsall, Salt Lake; Maurice G. Homer Redd. Hunt, Deane James

Buttars, Lewiston, Utah; William R. HeaFourth row: Ray Roghaar, Darvel Springs, Deloris Stokes, Marcus J. Orton, Vernie C. Swenson, Don M.

Arthur Quist..Willis, Cope, Gene Edwin Sundquist. ton, Orderville, I. Hebdon, Utah; Eldon

Russell, Fifth J. Sherman row: Ralph Evard West, Raymond C. Gibby, Lee B. Nielsen, Maurel D. Eckersley, MilHildebrandt, Idaho; Arnold Rigby, Seters, Berrett, instructor. Joseph E. Stratton, Daniel Van William John

Jolley, Fox, row: B. Grant Powell, Frank Idaho C. Fife, Burl Booth, Ross F. A. Nielsen, Jolley, Walter Clyde Wisconsin; M. A. Joseph waukee,

J. Bill L. Bobertson, Fred Nalder. Shumway, Fairview, Falls, E. Larsen, Idaho; Lawrence

Seventh Teerlink, Harold row: Wiese, Harris, Prince, Davis Clarence James Wilde, Martin Eugene James A.

Bicknell, Utah; E. Morrill, William Utah; Mouritsen, Crofts.——i DeVarAndersen,Sixth LaGrand John M.

John G. Olson, Payson, Utah; Jennie Eighth row: John Keith Kissell, Henry Alexander Wood, Voyle B. Sorenson, Joseph C. Woodbury.

I m fReooEHacR CHART FOR HAPPINESS and Learning, Talking Things Over Pergoal of any person. For if fame becomes

(Hornell Hart. The Macmillan Co., sonally, and Guiding the Search for a Way the end in itself, tragedy will result, no

1940. 198 pages.) of Living. Each Section is replete with matter what the acclaim of the world.

this will the author Into of wellwritten concrete illustrations book, which prove privilifetime, are the'I 'his is a sensible, reliable treatment, in inestimable value to those man's up sums England of one who * simple language, of the ageold guest of leged to work with youth. M. C. /. ending in 1940. The story is a poignant

man. The first half deals with the prinone, bringing into its plot the development

ciples in practices observed and to be party, for the battle of the labor woman the FAME IS THE SPURpursuit of love, Play, happiness. work, suffrage, crowning and the the World War,

home, religion, and other concerns of life (Howard Spring. Viking Press, New of George VI. The book is a full one and

are placed wisely in their relationship to York, 1940. 726 pages. $2.75.) an interesting one.- M. C. /.

happiness.human

himself endeared Spring Howard to of happiness, measurement The which previous with his readers book Myto manySon, DESERT WILD FLOWERSthe second this half is devoted, a makes latest this, in Stanford University his C. Jaeger. book, he will (Edmund My Son;unigue happiness series book. of easily A

California, circle 1940. Alto, will Press, his readers the Palo of who testsunderstood are charts and set up, under widen

the name of Euphorimeter, by which an inalmost to a person declare that this is his 314 pages. $3.50.)

centers story better around book. Thedividual the measure of his degree may is the of of Department head Jaeger Y\R-

to poverty, born Shawcross, Harmer Johnhappiness, and discover the of causes **'California, the Riverside, of Zoology the position of diligence minby his who won is,unhappiness. the That of science methods College. twentyfive years Junior he For ister in England.are to applied the elusive subject of hapdeserts the the of southwest, covered has

is there In Spring's a mesbooks Howardpiness. is greatly That worthwhile. Chart plant sketches recording and making and it is of important an sage Happinessof would for be reading the warning—and life. illustrathe includes animal This book to the today one world have seems when in thismultitude of day A. W. descriptions tions of seven hundred and and goodunrest.—/. for in the search power. gone mad

it plants, It is sixtyfour desert making a most itself that the ultimate not should be fame flowers, trees, the to guide complete andINTRODUCTION TO YOUTH of the shrubs southwestern desAmerican Harris.(Erdman Macmillan Company,

to the three parks: well erts as as Death York, 1940. 221 pages.New

National $1.75.) Libraries, students, wards, and priValley Tree Monument, Joshua

Tn this book, the author guotes an Oriental vate collectors will be interested National Monument, and Borego State * proverb: "Daylight will peep through a in knowing that a Master Index of Park. This study is an invaluable guide

very small hole."He feels that this book, the Era, with subjects, authors, and for those who would gain not only a knowlalthough only a very small hole, will open cross references, will soon be released edge of the wild flowers but also of the

the way for new light on how youth for the years 1897 to 1940 inclusive. general natural history of birds and animalsshould be considered by older folk. In it, This promises to be one of the most As spring comes, have a copy to carry

he includes discussions on The Springs of useful reference works in the Church. with you as you travel through our desAction, The Making of Speeches, Teaching erts. M. C. /.

Members of Priesthood Quorumsihi& i& IjojuA. J&xL (Book

for another year. Every member should have this important book

in his own personal library. It answers hundreds of questions of

vital interest to every member of the Church.

PRIESTHOOD MB CHURCH GOVERNMENT

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

.of the Council of Twelve

The official study course for Priesthood Quorums. This book, containing over

400 pages, will always have an important place in L. D. S. Church literature.

Retail Price $1.75

Special Price, for cash with order $1.35

Postage Prepaid DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah fcdil&aaL

came to him, and the worshipping group ran into vicinity, into in the and, thousands! He dlsjuL Smoot hundreds, his prayers. the heard Lord had knew that He

"Deed Smoot was the duly elected senator from did much to beautify Washington, and he dreamed

Utah. His right to take his seat was chalof a Church building there, befitting the Capitol

lenged by a shameless hate of the Church to which of the Nation. In time it arose, and stands in

he belonged. The investigation of his fitness was beautiful stone, a monument to the integrity of the

under the limelight of a nation's scrutiny. He Church and to the service of Reed Smoot.

emerged, a man clean in all phases of life. He won His life and labors in Washington are but the

the battle, and was seated by a majority, but not a story of his every activity, before and after his unanimous vote. He was now a senator of the senatorship.

great republic, but he was looked upon with some He was one of a generation, in capacity, oppordistrust by many, even among his colleagues. He tunity, and service. His figure will loom larger

was alone. with the passing years. The history of America

Sunday came. He asked all of his faith to join and of the Latterday Saints must of necessity inhim in worship in his livingroom. He did not forclude the story of the achievements of Reed Smoot.

get his obligations as a member and Apostle of the He was true to his convictions, loyal to his

Church of Jesus Christ. The congregation confriends, a lover of all mankind, an acceptable servant

A. W, sisted chiefly of himself, Congressman Joseph of God—blessed be his memory!—/.

Howell, and their families. Sunday after Sunday

the little group met in faith and prayer. The

week was made happier by their approach to God.

Then he set to work. By natural endowment he **Tf we only had money enough,"we frequently

was a business man, orderly, precise, accurate, and moan. Yet we do not stop to realize that even

thrifty. The Sisterhood of States would profit if with the little we now have, we do not accomplish

its many transactions were subjected to business all that we could. Generosity isn't dependent on

methods, so he thought. To that end he toiled for the financial status of persons; it is predicated on

thirty years. But always on the Sabbath he met the giving heart. Those who have the truly genwith the flock in worship. erous heart will find ways of proving their love for

Then a miracle gradually developed. The alhumanity. It doesn't take much money to mix a

most discredited senator from Utah became recogbatch of cookies for the neighbor children who are nized as a statesman of acknowledged power. locked up with the measles. It doesn't take any

Presidents, colleagues, and men everywhere turned money to pick a bouquet of flowers from your garto him for help. His honor was known to be as den for the friend who has just returned from

granite. His knowledge of governmental affairs burying a member of her family. It doesn't take

was encyclopedic. He rendered stupendous service much money to motor the neighbor children who

to his country. His influence was second to none. haven't a car to the zoo or the canyon for an afHis fame crossed the ocean. In all civilized lands ternoon's outing. And all of these little gestures

his name was known—the great American senator. can bring so much happiness to both the receiver

But always he sought the Lord for help; and on and the donor.

Sundays he sat with the growing congregation in Too often we postpone doing the things that we worship. could afford right now. Instead of opening up for

Thus, with the years, hate of his Church was greater benevolence later, we atrophy and cling changed into respect. Those who had maligned miserlike to that which we have. Right now, there

him, and offended truth in their opposition, beare things'that we could do which would help came the discredited ones. When countries closed friends and neighbors in their need. When a friend

their doors against "Mormon"missionaries, he is in the hospital, we could visit him. If we are

called on the kings and leaders, and the doors were not close enough to visit, a friendly note with good opened. When enemies poisoned the British mind wishes for speedy recovery would prove our friendwith antiMormon drivel in the newspapers, it was ship. Many foolishly stay away because they can't

Reed Smoot who secured a gentleman's agreement afford the flowers which they would like to send.

under which antiMormon articles have seldom apFlowers are beautiful, but friendship is much more peared in the British press during the last seventeen beautiful. If we don't express friendship in thoughtyears. He became in this sense, and in fact, the fulness now, we probably shan't give the flowers

foremost missionary of the Church. He still conwhen we can afford them.

tinued his humble prayers every day, and his A kindly frame of mind is needed these days formal worship on Sunday. The assemblage no much more than the money, which we frequently

longer met in his home; a larger hall was required. make too important in a world hungering for a

How his heart must have warmed as honors friendly gesture.—M. C. /.

submit to such a test may well be questioned. There

are today innumerable fantastic cults, leading thouEvidences and sands astray, which have no foundation beyond the

the experimental that This does method not meanreconciliations unsupported claims of their originators.

is truth, to approach but that it is the only one of that important. every does most it mean Norxxxv. QatL ihsL gxp&AwiesttaL the alcohol. learn evils of the get drunk to must man

is filled experience with the examples sad HumanVftoihojcL bsL mpbij itl evil those of with have been and who have toyed destroyed by it. We can learn from the experience

of others, as from our own, as to that which is good or evil.("Civilization and enlightenment, in any form, at

any time, have come when men, using the exThe Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ advises men life. It approves disperimental method, have begun to test the corto test its truths in human

rectness of their beliefs. The highway to truth is tinctly of the experimental method. The Savior

paved with such rigid tests. laid down the principle in a luminous statement:

is If his mine, not doctrine that sent but me. "My superstition contrary, the the of black cloud On will, shall his of the any doche man will do know confusion, progress, of has obtwin enemiesand

it trine, of be or of whether whether God, I speak vision opinions untested orscured human when unverified claims or personal guesses have ruled myself."(John 7:16, 17.) The words of the

fast all things; Apostle that hold Paul, "Prove actions, authority has assumed or whenhuman

5:21 (I Thessalonians is good,"which ) are the of patient inquiry. overclaimed precedence The

blind acceptance of unsupported statements, or same import. There is constant advice in the

effects living let the evito of Gospel be theories pedestal forplacing a upon human worscriptures truth, as light for example: dence of its "Let yourship of source sorrow. has always been a

that before shine they see so your men good may set experidevices have or up men Whenever is glorify in Father your heaven,"works which and their opinions, validity test the to ofments when-:; ) 5 { Matt. or conversation "Having honest your 1 6 verity the ofever proofs of have demanded men

that, Gentiles: the they whereas speak among teachings, theoffered forward. has world moved

evildoers, they against as your you by good may beliefs, test of stones Galileo current droppedTo shall works, behold, in glorify they the which God height; Lavoisier weights a weighedunequal from

day of visitation."(I Peter, 2:12.)mercury before and after heating; Pasteur filtered

air through tufts of cotton; Lister washed wounds Joseph Smith, the Prophet, recognized this

testing of truth. of the read method words He of carbolic a solutionwith each destroyed acid—and

let lack ask of James, "If him wisdom, of you any revealed stones ofa false belief and a new truth:

all sizes fall through the air with equal velocity; God, that giveth to all men liberally, and upbraidmercury becomes heavier when heated in air; microeth not; and it shall be given him,"(James 1:5);

scopic living things, in the air, are often capable and, believing in God, he went into the grove to of injury to man; in wounds are germs which if test the reality of the promise there made. Thus

not destroyed may delay healing. Out of each of came the great First Vision.

these experiments a vast volume of truth has grown. The constant promise, "Ask and ye shall receive,

Our civilization rests upon innumerable such exknock and it shall be opened unto you,"is a form periments. of testing truth, as well as a promise from God.

The same principle appears in the fields of living Similarly, "Search diligently, pray always, and be things, from animals to men. The complex relabelieving, and all things shall work together for

tionships of social living must be tested for their your good."(Doctrine and Covenants, 90:24.)

value, if the path of safety is to be found. Though Promises are made for our good, and we are but

experimentation in this field is somewhat more diffiasked to try them out. The law of cause and effect

cult because of the human will, the power to accept is as operative in the spiritual as in the material or reject, yet, for example, the desirability of orworld.

ganization, cooperation, and democracy, and the ill Running through the scriptures is the doctrine effects of autocracy, tyranny, and dictatorships, that truth as well as untruth may be recognized by have been demonstrated by actual trial. their effects, and the counsel is given to test the

Spiritual principles, that claim to affect human claims of the Gospel by rendering obedience to life, are likewise subject to experiment. Prayer, its principles of action. Obedience itself becomes

attendance at Church meetings, the Word of Wisbut a call to do certain things so that certain rewards dom, tithing are but remote beliefs until put into may be received. Obedience may therefore be

practice and thus tested for their value. Intelligent counted as a phase of the experimental method.

man cannot pass worthwhile opinion on these and All should test their religious beliefs. But all

other principles, until he has tried them himself or such testing must be done in the right spirit and observed their effects on others. by the right method. Every testing must be a

Authority, itself, must bow before the experisincere and honest search for truth. The truth or

mental method. The reality of authority is best the goodness, not the untruth or the evil, of a

established by the efficacy of that which it declares system must be sought; then untruth or evil, if it

and commands. Authority which is not willing to exists, is automatically (Concluded on page 191

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

HERE'S TO THE DRINKS much above that of the old coal stoves is seeking the juciest of the vegetables

OF TOMORROW! of grandmother's day. Such changes and squeezing their ripeness into bottles,

are not too impossible. jugs, and cans. We are becoming acFruit Juice... Vegetable Juice Yet it won't be a concentrated pill, a customed to such fruit juices as prune,

... Berry Juice in a Thousand whole meal in a capsule, that will doom cherry, raspberry, pineapple. The

New TasteTwisting Combinations the public and private kitchens of Amergrapefruit juice business has increased ica. nearly fortyfold in ten years. Orange

By Bert H. Davis juice is dispensed as liberally to football

Cometimes a writer pushes back his Dinner Through a Straw heroes and lumberjacks as to invalids far the from infants. are not and We hair, his affixes likely, longestvisioned to a if we're nabecome More million ten total of recordshatteringspectacles, shall diners, curiously into peers sip the tion of fiveminute and we

fruit juices as anour of canned... It is novelists future.far nutrition straw. through a were on gallons When

sunlight. bottled nual of consumption in fruitwriting, early century, the essences about and ourjuices-—vegetables

those faraway denizens who are us, that the prophet of future revolutions in New Energy Foods they saw us too busy and harried to eat the dining habits of civilization had best at even the fastmotion lunch counters rely. The churn and gurgle of the juice As fast as smart stores can get their

on the Wall Street district. For extractor may become the successor to supplies, celery juice, carrot juice, spinsustenance and health, we of the midsounds that now suggest the preparaach juice, parsley juice, and others, are

( onetwentiethcentury were to munch a few tion of dishes for the dinner—such catching up with the ruddy tomato

darkbrown capsules and call it a meal. sounds as the spattering of fat in a of the most rapidly acting energy foods

It looks from my window on Main frying pan, the lazy bubbling of soup and the juicy fruits. "Macerates,"as

Street as if those guesses were farin a great pot, the sharpening of knives some packers call them, not only offer fetched. The hamburger house, the before a roast is cut, the mechanical such vegetables in a simple, ever fresh,

soda fountain luncheonette, the nickelprelude to the serving of toast and eggs easily consumed form, but the combinain-a-slot restaurant might not flourish at breakfast time. tions of juices are practically endless.

forever.... Too, the kitchens in milThe strengthening quest of vitamin C Here's garlic and parsley with honey, in

lions of homes may shrink to a size not and its happy family of healthbringers one manufacturer's offerings, and beet juice with spinach and carrot in another!

And many an amateur juice mixer seeks for new health flavors, with the zeal that other folks apply to photography, golf, or landscape gardening.

Looks as if glasses quite as attractive and varied as the rituals of wineserving seem to demand will be called for, presently, when Americans in even greater numbers discover even more juices arid demand new ways in which to serve them to admiring guests.

Alcohol on the Way Out?

And that reminds me!... We have

good reason to retire all the alcoholic beverages from active service, now that the legions of fruit and vegetable essences have arrived.

For in these nonalcoholic juices are vitamins and other food values uninjured and unimpaired by fermentation which, to be quite rude, is a form of decay! In these unfermented "diffusions"

are the life and richness of deadripe fruit crops and pickedthis-morning vegetables. What a different object the

"juicer"is from the still, damp and sour, or the brewer's vat, a poor appetizer indeed! Even better than in the quicklyfrozen foods and considerably more

cheaply, rapidly growing industries prepare for us thrilling combinations of flavor and substance that do not need the alcoholic kick in order to win friends.

The most carefully prepared dishes often go almost untasted and thoroughly unappreciated among the group that drinks before it eats. Well, these new

juices for joy—with new adventures

Homing inversation—maytaste, offering evennew invadematerialthosefor condin-

ing rooms where the decanter and the cocktail mixer now reign supreme. We

shall watch with interest to see.

At any rate, millions of us to whom life itself gives kick and thrill enough, without alcoholic accompaniment, will be on the qui vive for new flavors, new combinations, new tastetwisters, in the growing family of health juices. From

The Allied Youth.

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earliest will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

to that grows: vegetable cook everyHowif it (root the ground beneath grows

vegetables), it grows covered in the cold earth; start it in cold water, and cover the

pot with a lid. If it grows above the ground

(green vegetables), it grows uncovered in the hot sun; start it in boiling water and leave

the pot uncovered.—Mrs. F. H. B., Salt

Lake City, Utah.

of painting, light coat a smear you areIF or anything doorknobs grease on you don't want paint to stick to; then wipe the

knobs when you have finished painting and straying.—/.dropsS willDowney,come offIdaho.without any scrapfor yard stick using one is aWHEN

accuracy, hem, minus a skirt measuring eyestrain, can be attained by slipping a small, brightlycolored rubber band around the stick at mark for the desired length.

E. C. J., Salt Lake City, Utah.

Bakers like to form their loaves of bread on canvas or other cotton cloth. Try

the bag your flour came in. When you

the the flour, turn in wrongside bagempty stiff, Itout. resistant to stickan,0 moJIres dirt vanish is clean, and

ing. Dust lightly with flour to use. Keep

handy in flour bin.—Mrs. G. M. H., CedarCity, Utah. from painted and

splash grease your on you range, goIF area the vinegar. spotted with over It enameled surfaces! cuts the grease.—Mrs. C. S., Parrish, Wise. VANO (pronounced VAN-O) is a brand

new chemical discovery—not a soap. It

is a clear, odorless liquid, especially developed to remove grease and grime, finger marks and smudges from all painted and enameled surfaces—such as walls, woodBy Barbara Badger Burnett work, furniture, Venetian blinds, linoleum,

Sea Food in Ramekins stoves, refrigerators—to name just a few.

It's so easy to use, too! Simply dampen

tuna fish cups butter a sponge or piece of Turkish toweling with tablespoons tablespoons flour VANO, then lightly rub surface to be teaspoon salt cleaned. The grease and grime just seem

teaspoon paprika doesn't to vanish VANO streak—doesn't evaporated cup hands soft. leaves your the milk harm! finish—water cup

tablespoons chopped pimento Get a bottle from your grocer right away tablespoon chopped parsley Chemicals Inc., 155 Sansome St., San Francisco

cup canned mushrooms buttered bread crumbs grated cheese (Concluded on page 164) -FOR VANO GETS DIM!

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Homing (Concluded from page 163)

Flake the tuna. Melt the butter and

blend in flour and seasonings. Stir in milk

and water and cook slowly, stirring constantly until thick. Add the tuna, pimento,

parsley, and mushroom. Place in greased

ramekins or a casserole. Cover with buttered bread crumbs, and sprinkle with grated

cheese. Bake in moderate over (350) until

brown and thoroughly heated.

Spinach Luncheon Dish 2 cups cooked spinach 1 cup cooked chopped meat 3 hardcooked eggs Yj cup milk 1 tablespoon flour 34 teaspoon salt 34 teaspoon pepper 2 tablespoons pimiento cheese 1 tablespoon butter Make white sauce of butter, flour, andGRAHAMS f milk.meat. AddIn a salt,butteredpepper,casserolecheese,arrangeand cookedalter- R l nate layers of spinach, sliced eggs, and

So look for the bright green sauce. Finish with sauce and bake in a

Honey Bee Graham Purity packmoderate oven until brown.

age. Give the family a treat - - Macaroni and Lamb Curry

Grahams flavored with honey 1 package macaroni that the bees take from the 34 cup melted butter delicate Chaparral flower that 1 pound lamb diced grows high in the Wasatch 2 tablespoons butter flour 2 tablespoons mountains. It's rare delicand tablespoons 2 curry powder

ious - - - in every worthy way teaspoon pepper of 34 blending with the fine selected 2 cups milk flour and pure shortening used Cook macaroni in boiling salted water by Purity. Try a package! until tender; drain and blanch. Sear meat

in the melted butter, barely cover with

PURITY BISCUIT - Salt Lake City, Utah water,and flourandincooka saucepan,until tender.add curryBlendpowder,butter

salt and pepper. Add milk gradually, and

cook until thick, stirring constantly. Into

a buttered casserole put a layer of macaroni, a layer of lamb, and some of the curry sauce.

Repeat layers until all ingredients are used.

Bake about one hour in a moderate oven (350).

IF IT'S Pimiento Cheese Pockets prepared biscuit flour 2 cups cup milk BORDEN'S 34 cup water 34 cheese pimiento IT'S GOTTO Measure biscuit flour, add liquids, and mix thoroughly. Turn on a floured board,

knead for about 34 minute, and roll to 34 inch thickness. Cut with a 234 inch round

''cutter, crease dough through the center, and spread 34 or each round with cheese. LAST MINUTE MOOS Moisten edge of dough and fold over, pinch

edges together and bake at 425 about 15 minutes.

Says Elsie, thefamous Borden cow:

Chocolate Angel Food Sweet moosic to a mother's ear—the purity and y$ cup cake flour

digestibility of Borden's St. Charles milk 34 cup ground chocolate

It's irradiated with the sunshine Vitamin D, and 134 cups sugar was accepted in 1930 by the Council 134Y cupsteaspoonegg whitessalt on Foods of the American Medical 11 teaspoonteaspoon vanillacream of tartar

Association. Do buy it! Do try it! Beat the egg whites with egg whip until

foamy, add cream of tartar, and beat until t> whites are stiff enough to stand up in peaks, but not dry. Fold in the sugar, flour,

A Utah Product chocolate,together severaland salttimes.whichAddhavethebeenflavoringsifted

and pour in ungreased tube tin and bake in a slow oven (325) for one hour.

Razor Clam*Soup TflllMC.

THE CHOIR LEADER Very often the first appearance of anyone will mean either success or failBy Dr. Frank W. Asper ure in his undertaking, and in the matter

of choir leading the director cannot several the years custom it was"pOR start. afford to get a poor much Too

for the bishop of the wards "in many physical laid stress cannot upon his be to say, "Whom shall we have for choir appearance and manner. The day of

leader?"And the answer would be, slouchyappearing, disheveled musiCook one slice onion and one

"Let's have soand-so. He has a good cians is long past. The choir leader stalk diced celery in two tablevoice."But nowadays, with our evershould at all times be neat and conspoons of butter. Remove the

rising standards, the selection of a choir servative in dress, avoiding the flashy onion.

leader is made carefully, with other and extreme. He should be especially

qualities in mind. It is necessary now particular to see that his hands and

to have as choir leader the very finest linen are always clean and his shoes man that we can find in the ward. In polished. There are many mannerisms,

addition to his training as a musician, not only in dress but in speech, that the choir leader also needs knowledge everyone acquires from time to time, and experience in lines other than music, and often these are very annoying to and also a very broad experience in those who have to see or listen. One

handling people. of the worst offenses is to be forever

One of the most important factors in helplessly sighing, boasting about himchoosing the choir leader is to have one self, or always calling for help. Mussof 2 butter, sauce a white grindMake hair, the chin, stroking ing the ability has to up the get along withwho

flour, milk tablespoons 2 ]/2 cups "erer-ing"licking teeth, the lips, organizations, other ing theall the so ward salt, baypepper, one... add

there will be no conflict between their when hesitating for a word are all unleaf and one tablespoon parsley, program and that of the choir. He welcome in the presence of any organpimiento or paprika.

should discuss his plans with these orization. One director, when the organizations, to avoid friction. He ganization sings badly, walks up and

should know the names of everyone, down and says he is going to quit. This

not only of those in the choir, but also performance happens every week, much of the choir's enthusiastic supporters, to the amusement of the members.

and should be able to talk with them Other leaders express a hurt feeling, and about their business as well as their others continually complain about lack home life. This means that he must be of support. If a choir leader deserves

able to talk on equal footing with both support, he will get it.

young and old. In the choir there are One cannot be a leader in any way

often ambitious solowould-be many training and unless he adequate has the natural nectar Pour from clamists. will comfort. he to These have well. his subject Choir memknows oz. of Pioneer can one 7 Minced find also people mayHe many who reasons: to rehearsal bers come for two... stir. into Razor soup Clams

ability, outstanding musicalhave the serve Church, to they but because wish who are luke warm in their attitude and because they want to advance muand obligation toward the Church. sically. The director cannot hope for

From this source he can very often success of any kind unless he can really find some of his best talent. give the people something worth while.

The choir director naturally hears Very often our boys and girls graduate many criticisms or suggestions about from high school where they have had what the choir should sing, their deexcellent daily vocal training. These

portment, and so forth, and many times students are a vast reservoir of talent these suggestions are of the faultfind- and should not be neglected. But many

ing type. The man who can keep his times these eager boys and girls enlist

courage and inspire his organization their services only to find that the trainNow add the minced white razor can. the from clam meat Garnish isdespite inadechoir the leader very of these criticisms is a very valuing

or paprika toast squares. their withable man. that to hold is unable he quate and they ask, "How come When The choir director will also find it interest, flavor?", tell them Pioneer Razorthat

very much to his advantage to be a Now that the Church is offering Clams are the choice white meat good friend of the custodian of the courses in both conducting and organof the rare razor in clam, sealed nabuilding that things so are conveniin centers will always which be playing nectar. tural Andin order, for proper rehearsals in the every stake ent to almost and those Church, they'll love it!

occasions when the choir appears in there is no excuse for poor musical public. leadership. These courses, for many

years the dream of Tracy Y. Cannon,

SOOOQOGGOOOQOOGOOOGOOOSOQGO General Chairman of the Church Music

Committee, have been given for the past six years and have proved very successful. They are given with the

forAgents reed and pipe organs specially forORGANSsuited L. D. S. Churches, including the new intention of training people for their

electropneumatic twomanual organ. Special specific positions in the Church. Muchprices. Call for demonstration or write for catalogues. additional work can be done by serious

In fact, cannot one expect to PIONEER CO. study. DAYNES MUSIC

in the do his full duty position patronige of ward We solicit your47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City choir leader unless he is continually Minced-*

trying to improve himself and his choir. RAZOR CLAMS

ilHelchizedeOriesthood CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

The Stake Priesthood Committee wards, and does not conflict with the Utah) and "bootleg"liquor are not insystem of supervision of the First cluded.

letter following important by'T'he of Seventy.) Council their figures face comparative on The

keeping in touch with c. By President was Clawson Rudger innot encouraging. the work are not do They all activities of and Melchizedek date to of the fieldsent under Deis succeeding. that dicate our campaign in stake. Priesthood the quorums

cember 20, 1940. Because of its d. By visiting the meeting of every quoBut all workers know that it is sucgreat importance it is given in these rum and group at least quarterly. ceeding—at least in making our people

columns so that all officers of the e. By encouraging regular council meetbetter informed of the evils of liquor

ings of the presidency. quorum deterin arousing tobacco, a and and easily acPriesthood become may that seeing instructions the of f. By of especially the youth mination among it. will thusquainted with They relative of Council Twelve to quorum these of to use the avoid the Church activities carried are in out. the committeeunderstand why

poisons. report the to promptly presistake 2. To is it istheir as organized stake and

in divinity the of of the Faith Word in presidency a vacancy any quorum these its duties are. Knowingwhat our stronger dency. never among was Wisdom

things they will want to do their part 3. To make a quarterly report and to collect people than it is today. Neither were

so that the purposes of setting up quarterly quorum reports and send them the temptations to violate it ever more the committee may be readily to the Council of Twelve. alluring than they are today. And

achieved. Will you kindly organize your comthough the people of the world appear

This is the letter: mittee as indicated, if it is not now so to be yielding more and more to these

December 20, 1940 organized. This committee is of course allurements the Latterday Saints are

To Stake Presidencies *o aid the stake presidency, upon whom undoubtedly growing in power to resist

Dear Brethren: rests the responsibility of seeing that them.

The welfare of Priesthood quorums the Priesthood quorums are thriving. Let us make total abstinence triand their members is and has been a The chairman of the committee and his umphant in all L. D. S. homes.

great concern of the Council of Twelve. three assistants are to act as an execuUtah Consumption Figures

Three years ago you were asked to ortive and planning group of the stake Paid for 1938 1939 1940 ganize in each stake a Melchizedek committee. This planning group will Cigarettes

Priesthood Committee to supervise and need to be very active, and in the case $ 2,672,656 $ 2,823,383 $ 2,933,188

Beer it of the smaller stakes large be may to greater the acstimulate quorums 4,073,061 3,959,922 4,090,464 to serve as the enough withcommitteetivity. that Since time ImproveThe Liquor Hard additional out members. in the Melchizpublished hasment Eva 4,302,048 3,938,565 3,966,035

is all objective bring to the The of each Priesthood Departmentedek Total issue pertinent matter. But experience Melchizedek Priesthood quorums into $10,571,144 $10,879,882 $11,318,297

gained during these years indicates the full activity. We ask that you do

need of a more specific statement of the everything practicable to attain this obSale By Drink Versus duties of the stake committee. Hence jective. Sale by Package

will Praying yourselves you make recently of aphas Councilthe Twelve in liquors sold Utah by hard be C hall fully of divine worthy abundant statement: the followingproved as well the package? as the drink by bless- V ings, are, we inthis bill provision was making A of theOrganization and Functions brethren, Sincerely your legislature. Chairin the troduced Utah Priesthood Stake Melchizedek

the of Utah COUNCIL Funk THE OF TWELVE James man W. Committee Clawson, By Rudger following the wrote Commission Liquor

The stake presidency with the apPresident. in opposition to the passage of the bill:

appoint council shall of the highproval in the Union eleven states are There committee Priesthood Melchizedeka peris not sale of alcoholic beverages where with a minimum of five members, conNO-LIQUORTOBACCO mitted except by package. In other words,

presisisting the stake of of a member legal Carois not in North

Virginia, chairman, Oregon, a high COLUMN lina,"sale Washington,by drink"shall be Westdency who councilor, a High Priest to represent the Virginia, Arkansas, South Carolina, Texas,

High Priests'quorum, a Seventy, and Iowa, Idaho, and Utah.

legalize states thirtythree which The ALL NOTE TO be Additional Elder. membersan may

traffic "sale in liquor of permit form some **J on page Enemy/'Whipped An if the to well necessary doappointed capita condrink."per average by The this * issue of of the 140 Era, the comof the Committee. Fromwork distilled spirits thirtyin of the sumption of should read every be member by shall with choose, chairman themittee is 1.30 states"three "sale socalled drink by old, the Church, and young and

capita gallons. per presidency, average stake consumpof the approvalthe The circulated should be widely among

states spirits distilled the in tion of eleven Priest, Sevathree High people. our young assistants—a

is.95 "sale only permit package"which by the of secretary Elder.enty, an and A

gallons. the In other average conwords, appointed. alsocommittee be may in "sale Foolishly permit states sumption which by Wasted Sums

It shall the committee: the of duty be is in than per onethird capita drink"more

official indicate figures following HPhe in their officers duties1. train quorum legalize the "sale states not which by To do

so that they might become effective in the challenge to our liquortobacco drink."

their leadership. abstinence campaign in Utah. The From the above, it would seem that those

a. By conducting a monthly leadership State Liquor Control Commission who are anxious to increase the consumption

meeting with the officers and leaders furnishes the figures for the sale of of alcoholic beverages are fully justified in the (See It is groups. and of drink."quorums "sale advocating strange not by (distilled) liquors; the hard and

1940. 744.) in efforts p. Era, their to increase that Dec. consumption for State those Commission, Tax b. assisting to stimulating them and that devise as they arguments such By would

cigarettes. for beer paid and Amounts their effective. It is etc. (As work drink more drunk,"make a not a and "Buy

to the Seventies, this relates excluscigars and forms of tobacco other than probable that some who advocate "sale by ively to local activities in stakes and commercial cigarettes (not taxed in drink,"though moved by good intent, are

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941 nevertheless misled in their belief. ANNUAL REPORT OF L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

capita per average The national conMade by The First Council of Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles spirits gallons. is 1.21 of distilledsumption

The states where "sale by drink"is legalFor the Year of 1940 ized are above the average per capita conMissionary Activities 1940 1939 states "salesumption. packwhere by The.. of times 128,212 100,043 out doing missionary work- 1. Number

the legalized are averageage"only is below. 2. 217,801 279,976 in missionary Hours spent work

per capita consumption. 3. Number of homes entered for the first time 84,154 75,649

Do friends of moderation need further 4. Number of revisits 81,018 61,775

argument against "sale by drink"? 5. Number of invitations to return. 104,213 75,198

6. conversations of Gospel..214,186 175,337 Number tightening up provistand for We 7. standard of Church works distributed: Number relativesions to the and sale of liquor Loaned Sold

against loosening up. Further, total abCopies of the Bible 167 253

stinence is our goal. Copies of the Book of Mormon 1,836 2,043

Copies of the Doctrine and Covenants 214 651

Copies of the Pearl of Great Price 164 405

QUORUM PROJECTS (No designation—181) TOTAL.....2,381 3.352. 5,914 4,951

What is Your Quorum Doing?

8. Number of other books distributed 7,706 6,179

9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed. 225,774 195,888

Tropic Ward Reports 10. Number of hall meetings held by missionaries 3,806 3,391

11. Number of cottage meetings held by missionaries 9,426 7,748

Tn the little town of Tropic at the 12. Number of missionaries who attended cottage and hall meetings... 30,877 24,909

mouth of Bryce Canyon, the Tropic 13. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings.... 43,773 35,653

result of baptisms as of a 14. Number missionary work: Stake, during 1940 PanguitchWard,

) people of 15 years over (1 age 1,002 Of that activity ofundertook a program of age: people years 15 under Of (2)

of the and everyreached ward member a. of parents are Both 679 whose members

accounted for some rather remarkable b. Others under 15 years of age 459

accomplishments. Bishop Samuel PolClassification not designated.. 63

lock and his counselors, Bernard A. TOTAL 2,203 2,220

Johnson and J. Oral Christensen, sum 15. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity

stake service through missionary during the 4,621 3,806 month spirit of it: the their andup work

of stakes in the Church of Dec. (As 129 Number 134 31) beautigrounds chapel were and The of stake missions organized 131 128 of Dec. (As Number 31 )

in project infied every which a member of the Priesthood participated. Missionaries

of reporting stakes 103 Number 118 carrying to In addition on a Welfare districts of 361 Number 384 the the duringproject summer, Elders Elders 374 285 assisted in building and repairing sevSeventies 1,281 1,169 eral homes; and the Relief Society, as High Priests 272 252

their contribution to the Welfare proWomen 540 395 gram, made twentytwo quilts.

Two missionaries returned, three TOTAL (not classified....38) 2,469 2,101

substantial the field withwere sent into. 561 619 three missionariescontributions, and

1,111 are NumberNumber ofof missionariesmissionaries makingmaking minimumless than requirementminimum requirement 1,118 now preparing to leave. Number of inactive missionaries 564 379

Ward Teachers, sixtyfour in numNumber not classified 168 50 ber, accomplished their work 100% each month, with a resulting increase in Total (Agrees with total above).. 2,469 2,101

tithes and offerings and in attendance at ward meetings. Sixty per cent of

the membership paid $1.00 per capita

fast offerings.

Adjacent to the high school, the ward established a seminary which is proving a source of inspiration to ward TROPIC WARD CHAPEL members as well as an aid to the stuBEAUTIFIED dents. At each Sacrament meeting,

seminary students present two short Bishop Samuel Pollock (center), talks. selorBernard(right),A. Johnson,and J. FirstOral ChrisCoun-

As special duties, the Elders'quorum tensen, Second Counselor (left).

was assigned to raise one hundred dollars for the seminary; the Relief Society,

the Elders'quorum, and the M. I. A.

were each assigned a missionary for whom they were to raise one hundred dollars or more, and give a party and testimonial; the quorum of Seventy was fifteen meetings, one hundred and sevsigned turns to aid the home missionasked to stage homecomings for the two entyeight members participated, bringaries on the third Sunday of each month

returning missionaries. ing many more to perform and many with musical numbers and readings.

Each sacrament meeting was defito listen. At the beginning of every month,

nitely planned. Hidden talent was Fast Day testimony meetings were sacrament meeting assignments, the

sought out; good music was provided; assigned to the Ward Teaching disWard Teaching message, a calendar

all were given an opportunity to partricts in turn. The district head had a for the month of all activity, and speticipate. Fifteen family programs were theme discussed at the beginning of cial instructions were included in a

presented in which each family cared the meeting and arranged for musical mimeographed ward message prepared for the sacrament, did the singing, the numbers. by the bishopric and distributed to each

praying, and the speaking. In these The auxiliary organizations were ashome by the Deacons,

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

IV. Calling and ordaining Seventies

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, April, 1941 a. Firstty as Seventyneeded to call other SevenText: Priesthood and Church Government. b. Recommended by stake presidency to First Council of Seventy

c. Interviewed by member of First

LESSON XLVI b. To forget self, serve others: Church Council or of Council of Twelve

Calling and Ordaining to Office theofficerspeopleand leaders are servants of V. a.OrdinationRecommendedof Highby Priestsward bishopric

(Read chapter 18, pp. 238240; 242) III. Jurisdiction of officers to stake presidency

direction Ordained of stake under a. unit b. limited particular to Authority I. Nominating

presidency presidency of and division officer or which has been aristocracy a. of nomination with "An High Priests'quorum called to serve of consent"democracy a jurispresidency under c. Quorum direction to b. of Subject correspond-

b. Officers nominated by those holding ing higher authority diction of stake presidency

office higher proper in particular sphere unPatriarchs VI. chosen ordained and by

for presidency 1 Church the Church c. Authorityquestionable Council the of Twelve

2. stake for presidency Stake calling magnified 1. When VII. Presidents of independent branches etc. 3. for Bishopric ward, 2. in proper with harmony When jurisdiction under stake of presidency

II. Accepting and sustaining spirit VIII. High Councilors and stake clerks

a. Officers responsible to people IV. Manner of ordaining and setting apart a. Chosen by stake presidency

1. "And all things shall be done by a. Three essentials b. Approved by High Council, viscommon consent"1. Laying on of hands iting members of Council of

2. No officer can lawfully serve un- 2. By authority of the Holy PriestTwelve

less sustained of parvoice by hood First IX. of Council Seventy ticular concerned body 3. Christ of Jesus In the name

a. Selected ordained and by members officers b. support Conferring to Priesthood: once ac- b. People Melchizedek

of First Presidency directly ordination to office cepted 1. By the "confidence, faith, and c. Conferring of Aaronic Priesthood: b. The Twelve and the First Council

prayer of the Church"ordination directly to office may make suggestions 2. By the sustaining vote: general, d. Certificate of ordination important X. Presiding Bishopric

stake conferences of record ward, and document a. Selected First Presidency by

a. for responsibility the mem- A authority: ability Priesthood Tracing V. b. Presiding Bishop select counmay in standing ber good his bearer Priesthood to trace of every selors, subject to approval by b. violate to necessary conNot authority through successive ordinaFirst Presidency science tions

to the XI. Patriarch ChurchIII. Releasing

a. office to Right inherited Projects: Problems and release to a. Authority b. fitness to Subject

1. Power to nominate is power to 1. Discuss the importance of Paul's ad- c. Must be appointed and ordained

release 2. With approving vote of people vice:Describe"Layconditionshands suddenlywhich resultupon fromno man."negbypeopleFirst Presidency, sustained by

b. Tenure of office indefinite lect of this caution. XII. Apostles

1. 2. Illustrate truth the officeseeking that individuals Eliminates revelation by direct

diligent in office 2. are the discharge Rotation in makes for equal who of their b.a. Appointment inthrough By First Presidency

fault. find duties opportunity, seldom experience spiration

3. limits of the authority Cite of a ward c. to ministry First Ordained by Projects: andProblems I. I. superintendent, stake a A. M. M. A. Presidency of and Council Twelve

the superintendent, of president a quorum d. Approved people 1. by term aristocracy the of Explain "an

of Elders, the of presidents seven one of anomination with consent"democracy First of XIII. Presidency is of relation- a Seventy. the quorum What to applies ofto appointmentas Church a. to Successor president chosen by of ship to corresponding each higher aufice. the this nearly of operation does of Council it How Twelve thority?

principle ideal selfgovernment? approach b. if Senior qualified, sucmember, 4. their several to brethren Call trace on calling 2. the office in to Trace the any to ceeds office lineage. pride, Priesthood aswhat What steps through the of nominating,Church c. of Ordained Council by Twelve this ability surance bring? does What sustaining, releasing. accepting and d. and Approved membership by the Priestthe ordination to makes ceremony ) offithe of obligation twofoldDiscuss e. select counselors own May in office the Priesthood or particuhood ancers'the responsibility to people and( 1 (2) of officers general Appointment XIV. unlarly this impressive? Contrast procedure

officers. responsibility topeople's the der First authority of Presidency the "signon-thedotted-line"formaliwith

3. of the to Call on members quorum a. presidents Mission fields. ties in other opportunities the experience onspeak and b. presidents Temple

the officers c. Auxiliary system of rotation in office has brought LESSON XLVIII to them. d. officers Other general

significance of "the the 4. Discuss upCalling and Ordaining to XV. Stake auxiliary officers appointed by

lifted voting appointhand"in on Church (Concluded) Office stake presidency ments and policies. such vital may How auxiliary officers appointed an (Read chapter 18, pp. 244250) XVI. Ward provisions thereexpression are be? What bishopric by ward

officerswhereby may be brought ordinations Priesthood to account I. Aaronic unProblems and Projects: occasions? other than on conference der direction bishopric of ward

LESSON XLVII II. bishopsAppointmentand bishops'and ordinationcounselorsof ward der1. theNamedirectionthe ordinationsof the bishopric;which comenameunwhich the direction of come under Calling and Ordaining to a. Recommended by stake presidenthosethe stake presidency; the direction under of (Cont.)Office cy to First Presidency

the First Presidency.

(Read chapter 18, pp. 240244) b. Ordained by member of First 2. Explain the peculiar relation of a SevPresidency or Council of Twelve his to enty his organization, stake, the ward for I. Fitness ordination: sudhands "Lay

c. people of First Approved ward by of Seventy. Council the does How denly on no man"

stake organization of the differ Seventy d. counselors with own May choose a. Officers to of report"be good "men that of Elders, the the Priests? from High of approval stake presidency situated to b. able so be Must to be 3. the role Point out of consent common of Elders III. Ordination discharge duties in typical appointments. Church

a. 1. Diligence safeguard a bishopric Recommended by 4. the scripture Support from ordinance

2. Idle faultcouncil-sitting to leads b. direction Ordained stake under of the of laying of hands. the on masMake

finding presidency of tery ordination acceptable prayers to

II. Duties of ordained officers c. Quorum presidency under juristhe Aaronic and to the Melchizedek Priest-

a. To observe law of God diction of stake presidency hood a special project.

2312EllaronielrieGtliood CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD shines out as one of the grandest in the David to execute it, as he had been a history of the world. warrior, "a man of blood,"all his days.

the ascomforted, however, by was He the Priesthood regime, was Under his series writin a Twelfth of articles built that surance the temple be would exalted. honored, and The late Elder ten by the Orson his successor, of a son and by man in- F. purified,prophets, and Nathan, were his Gad

Whitney of the Council of the timate friends and associates, whose peace, and was instructed to continue

Twelve. Published originally in counsels he sought and whose reproofs the work of collecting materials for the

in purpose view. without accepted This great a murmur. "The Contributor."he

stains darkest upon David's life, The traits admirable one of the most was of his character. David was himself which caused him untold misery and

Caul and his son, Jonathan, having a prophet, and withal a gifted poet and torment, and sowed the seeds of his fallen in battle, David and his outmusician, and to his lofty genius was kingdom's dissolution, were the seduclawed comrades returned from banishdue the gorgeous ritual suggested by tion of the beautiful Bathsheba, and thement. After seven years of civil war, the Psalms, which were undoubtedly treacherous murder—for it was nothingresulting from the rival claims of himemployed in the worship of Jehovah. less—of her valiant husband, Urian

self of Saul, a son and Ishbosheth, upon latterthe the crown ( during which was One of the king's first thoughts was thecrimeHittite.was lessIf heinous,David supposedor that Godhis

the to fetch from KirjathArk of Godassassinated allowof would it with more look upon two traitors by his own jearim to Jerusalem, up which againstparty), the because to throne ascended he had ance an committed David the captured Jebusites from and Israelite, made alien divine him, not an favor appointedwhich woeand had he was his capital. tragic death The of Uzzah fully his deceived. prophet, valor Nathan, and integrityand which The own

his to steady put forth hand who his at as death won. the pronounced uponhad him Hebron, crowned was He

cart the shook ark, which upon as it was his reign adulthe1048 His period issue of a doom, and upon B. C. marks

among the most illustrious in Israelitish carried along, has passed into provertery; he was told also that his children

history, and he was undoubtedly the bial history. should rise up in rebellion against him,

most powerful monarch that ever ruled Having subdued and put under tribute and his wives, whom God had given the Hebrew nation. He was a zealous many of the neighboring nations, and him, should be taken away and beand devoted servant of God all his formed advantageous alliances with stowed upon another. The sentence

days. Though his fair name is tarnished others, David's next plan was to erect of death was commuted as to himself,

by more than one act of wickedness, a magnificent temple at Jerusalem in owing to his immediate and deep contrithe sin of idolatry cannot be laid to his honor of Jehovah, to supersede the tion, but the child born of adultery God charge, nor the faintest suspicion that tabernacle as a receptacle and permacursed and destroyed. History made

his soul ever swerved from its allegiance nent place of rest for the Ark of the good the rest of the prophecy. The

to the God of Israel. This fact, with Covenant. He was prevented from next child borne by Bathsheba, after

his inherent humility, many acts of carrying the design into effect by the she became David's wife, was favored goodness, and sincere penitence for his interposition of the Almighty, who, of the Lord and ordained to succeed his evil deeds, goes far to redeem his charspeaking through His prophet, Nathan, father as king over Israel.

acter, which, stripped of its defects, commended the project, but forbade {Continued on page 170)

GRANITE STAKE CELEBRATES ACHIEVEMENT: EVERY AARONIC PRIESTHOOD QUORUM IN EVERY WARD WINS STANDARD QUORUM AWARD. (Seepage 170)

"Hlnnrbdunii CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Aaronic Priesthood WARD TEACHERS (Continued from page 169) A nd if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him

Standard Quorum Awards "him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may

Set New Record become strong also.

Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser

Granite and Ogden Stakes Lead Priesthood.... (Doc. and Cov., 84:106, 107.)

"IIarking the fifth consecutive year Suggestions For Ward Teachers of encouraging progress, reports from the Presiding Bishops'Office inTeachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

dicate that more than double the numvisit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the

ber of Standard Quorum Awards issued spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent in 1939 will be presented for 1940. that distress and want may be reported at once, and appropriate assistance

The Standard Quorum Award is a to the worthy be provided without delay.

recognition presented by the Presiding In keeping with the duties assigned to teachers by revelation, it is

Bishopric to every Aaronic Priesthood highly appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the quorum in the Church that reaches cerfamily questions containing the following import:

tain standards minimum in harmony 1. Are you

fied activities. A numberin sevenof quorumsspecineighbors and associates? your a. With

have reached these standards for five b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

consecutive years, and this year receive 2. Are you attending to your Church duties

a special blue ribbon award. a. As a member

Celebrating its achievement as the Attending meeting, fasting once each month and paying Fast Offering, first stake in the Church to qualify every paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions?

quorum in every ward, Granite Stake b. AsSettingan officerproper example, attending council meetings, etc.?

Aaronic Priesthood members and lead- 3. Are you attending to secret and family prayers?

ers and special visitors attended a banquet as guests of the stake presidency.

Approximately six hundred persons participated.

Special guests included President J. RESPECT FOR THE PRIESTHOOD

Clark, President Jr., andReuben qualify Priesthood respect the as worthy and honor and David 'T'hose who who

First of the Presidency;O. McKay in constantly operating will an influence the of have Church "members

F. Richards,Elders Joseph George blessings. satisfaction, lives promised will happiness, bring that and their

MerrillFielding Smith, F. and Joseph wellordered for follow will such righteousness a and yearn They Presiof theof the Twelve; Council

all all eligible Priesthood the receive life with are that of course may who Ivins R. Antoinedents and Samuel blessings. O. its authority, and power, of First the SevCouncil ofBennion to the will through exercise them which comes of power God They RichPresidingenty; Bishop LeGrand

all faithfully are well they performing the receiving Priesthood and by his counselors, Bishopards and Marvin in the Church. to appointed do Bishop L. Wirthand Ashton JosephO.

all, forgiving exercise authority generous, will to kind, and and be They lin; Giles, Field Supervisor, D. John love. spirit true the in of appointment under Field Associate Palmer, A.and Lee their in in will the direct order with keeping govern homes and They Priesthood. of theSupervisor Aaronic

intelligent willing, yield will of obedience the and the God, of and Church the special followed banprogram A affairs. in spiritual direct called of to are those to God who Presidentsquet. Clark and McKay, entitled benefits of to blessings children the are and and who Women of GranitePresident Lorenzo Hatch H.

their will receive those blessfathers Priesthood the through husbands and

Curtis, E. Stake, Elder Theodore and respecting, benefits Priesthood. honoring, the obeying ings through and and Priestthe representing Aaronic Jr., be, been, given blessing greater or people to ever could has any No speakers. Presiding Bishophood, were

It Saints in is Priesthood. Latterday the the given to been such has than

the presented StanRichardsLeGrand gift that of the Church, every valuable precious young and member and a to the presidentsdard Awards Quorum its respect, honor, the female, Priesthood, should old, obey and and male quorums whichof its in possible authority every leaders, way. and record.had 100% thequalified—atwentyseven / this: will Saint is suitable for that I resolution Latterday any show A stake of the President Clarke Drew I daily respect contacts the the Priesthood which by that honor and do in chairman, as acted andpresidency was

life. of Curtis Elbert President assisted H. by

of the stake presidency, Chairman

Leland M. Dayton of the Stake

Aaronic Priesthood committee, memwith a new record of 32 quorums qualiin total quorum awards in one stake.

bers of the committee, bishoprics, and fying for the year, the highest number Sharing honors as the first stakes to quorum advisers of the five wards. yet to be qualified by any stake. Several report Standard Quorum Award

Average attendance of all quorums of the wards qualified all quorums; in achievements for the year were Nebo,

St. George, cases a total of five quorums in all makand some Ogden stakes, entire for year the was 66%—believed

2. their first ing reports on January ward. alltime high record for the one to an be

Church. South Los Angeles Stake, with a The first wards to be reported were:

Ogden Stake shared in first honors record of thirty out of thirtyfour quoCenter Ward, St. George Stake; Spring

in Standard Quorum Awards for 1940 rums, is second highest stake on record ( Concluded on page 1 77.

HfiiSanilessaqes5 Son, Jesus the Christ, still lives; that is pronounced as if spelled vay gahn'

the heavens once more have been openand the n is given a nasal value.

Executives ed,This,and angelsthen, ishaveour spokenheritage:to thatmen. we thePetain,Frenchthusfree farland,provisionalis pronouncedhead asof

shall keep our fathers'commandments, if spelled pa (a as in chaotic) tan'and=d that we shall cherish and sustain, upthe n again is nasalized.

M. I. A. THEME holddom, andthe idealsdefendof theAmericanism,liberty, thewhichfreenowTheandIrishcallaretheircomingfreeincountry,for their Eire,own

fathers that us; given first have the as if shall pronounced syllable were weBy Mabel Jones our

this cleave unto that truth lives e as in aiv f and the final end. God

My son, keep thy father's commandment, and His Son Jesus is the Redeemer of De Valera, president of the Irish and forsake not the law of thy mother; the world, and that we shall magnify Free State, pronounces his name as if

Bind them continually upon thine heart, its significance and forsake not its oblithe de were day va ( a as in ask ) lay'thyand about neck. them gation. rah (a as in father)

it shall goest, thee; thou lead when Whentie us, the children of those heroic selective director Dykstra, of the To it sleepest, shallthou thee; keep and when

this nation founded of men draft, his service who and pronounces it shall talk thee.thou awakest with—Proverbs 6:2022 those noble pioneers who established if it were spelled dike'stra. name as

God's kingdom in the land of the free, Ciano, sonin-law of Mussolini, prorpo most of us, the M. I. A. theme is given the challenge of fidelity in upnounces his name che ah'no.

""specifically means that we should holding our fathers'commandments, of Von Ribbentrop, highup Nazi ofobey our fathers and mothers, that we moral courage in cherishing the high ficial, pronounces his name Fon (o as should respect their wishes, and honor ideals of our mothers, of high thinking in obey), rib'en trop. Incidentally, it

their counsel and wisdom. We, as a that this our heritage shall guide our may interest you to know that when

people, as a nation, and as a Church, days and bless our nights. Ciano and Von Ribbentrop meet they

are blessed with a rich heritage from May we as the youth of Zion accept experience difficulties in reaching a our fathers. the challenge of these great truths and common understanding. Ciano can

Our history tells us that long before so bind them upon our hearts that they speak no German; Von Ribbentrop can

the Pilgrim Fathers set foot upon these may lead us to eternal happiness and speak no Italian. So they speak EngAmerican shores, they met together and the world to universal peace. lish, which both understand.

formed a as document had which justpurpose, "to equal its CONGRATULATIONS TO thisForsubjectone ofseethethebestcurrenttreatmentsissue ofof frame such and laws as shall be thought most mete for SAN FERNANDO STAKE! Word Study, a pamphlet published by

generalthe these publishers good."of Co., uphold C. G. and Merriam To joint convention held Tn the Sepon

theirjust laws, children Dictionary. fought bled Webster's and 1 tember 22, with Stake, Pasadena 92% their lives thatand gave America might the of officers Fernando San Stake atfree. in of land thebe a Then, Septem- A ARE WORKER? CHURCH YOU tended the meetings.

ber, the Constitutional 1787, ConvenVilate McAllister By R.tion at Philadelphia, calmly, met and I. A. Speech-M. Assemblydeliberately, prayerfully fashioned acopportunities and for leadership 'T'he

the ideals, the code of American Christ in the of Church Jesus theyof government would Saints by which form THE NAMES IN THE NEWS of Latterdaytivity are numervery bind themselves and their posterity. The 'ITTith the radio blaring at us almost ous.

Constitution had but one purpose, and twentyfour hours a day about the Assuming then, that you hold an that was to perpetuate the American great and tragic events that are occuroffice in one of the auxiliaries, perhaps liberty, which had been so dearly won. ring, we need to be assured of the proyou have wondered just what characIn February, 1 862, on the battlefield of nunciation of names in the news. teristics those in authority saw in you

Gettysburg in the midst of a wartorn Strangely enough, Italy's head man that qualified you in their eyes for the nation, Abraham Lincoln, tall, gaunt, was named for a Mexican liberator, particular position. There may be one

thoughtful, the Man of the People, deBenito Juarez. His first name we selor several answers in your mind. But

clared: "Fourscore and seven years dom hear, but his last name is constantwhatever you decide, the chances are

ago our fathers brought forth upon this ly in the news—and occasionally, very that you were chosen not entirely for

continent a new nation conceived in badly pronounced it is. Mussolini is your natural or acquired talents or

liberty and dedicated to the proposition pronounced as if it were spelled moosattainments, nor entirely for your perthat all men are created equal."solee-ne. The single o is pronounced sonality traits, but also partly because

These are the commandments of our as in the word, obey, and the lee sylit was felt that you would welcome the fathers. These are the laws to which lable with the e as in the word ear; the opportunity to serve, and the personal

we owe deep and true fidelity. last syllable, ne, the e is pronounced development it would give you.

Efficient in activity service Church spring a in as morning And in the evade. Since is at word he again—on

is satisfaction. inner a source of deep retired 1 820, to a times the grove young boy spoken of as "II Duce,"which

near his home seeking divine aid for means "the leader,"you will need to Slipshod and halfhearted effort robs his problems. A boy prophet returned know how to say that also. It is as if you and those you serve of the double

from that grove with the most startling it were spelled eeldoo-chay. blessing.

and astounding statement that the world The people whom he leads are called Herewith is a suggested fivepoint had heard, or has since heard: that God Fascists, pronounced as if spelled fashmeasuring-rod, to test the efficiency of

the Father, and His Son, Jesus Christ, ist, or fasist, with the accent on the auxiliary workers. It might profit you,

the Redeemer of the world, had appearfirst syllable. and incidentally your organization, to

chart, the readjust study the evaluahimed unto to him. spoken and had the comes Nazi from German word

if tions, think these of have you some truth, eternal is is the forThis eternal national the and pronounced na relative exaggerated importance, and:law, fathers that entrust our in to (a as tse us the (e as arm) in eat).

testimony that God lives and that His The French commander, Weygand, (Continued on page 172)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Mutual Messages (Continued from page 171

give yourself an occasional checkup.

Given a mental picture of an ideal, most of us will find improvement possible, if not probable. Of course, there are

some things in our makeups over which we have no control. But the points

listed here do not fall into this category.

A MEASURING ROD OR EFFICIENCY CHART FOR AUXILIARY OFFICERS

Pts. 1. Attitude.

a. Are you thoroughly familiar with

and converted to the objectives of your organization? 10

b. Do you enjoy your particular

work?, 10 2. Dependability and Punctuality.

a. Are you where you should be, at

the proper time? (At your regular

meetings, prayer and officers'meetings, stake meetings.)...- 10

b. Do you take assignments seriously? (Do you notify your superior officer as early as possible

if you find you cannot do the thing expected of you?) 10

3. Preparation.

a. Have you studied your handbook

or manual, your department hints in the Church publication covering your work, and attended your class at leadership meeting? 10

b. Are you resourceful and original?

Have you developed any ideas for enriching your work, either from your imagination or from sources other than those listed above? 10

4. Personality.

Are you friendly? Sociable? Sympathetic? Optimistic? Fair? Tolerant? Selfcontrolled? Sincere? Enthusiastic? Cooperative? (2 pts. for

each) 20 5. Spirituality.

a. Do you make use of opportunities

for developing your spirituality?

(Through prayer, the study of the

Gospel, especially the Scripture, exemplary living.) 10

b. How many times did you attend

Sacrament meeting this month?

(V/i pts. for each time) 10

Total 100

1. WARD QUEENS OF THE MICHIGAN JUNIOR

STAKE, NORTHERN STATES MISSION.

2. QUEEN 0FTHE GOLD AND GREEN BALL HELD

IN BYNUM BRANCH, GREAT FALLS DISTRICT

OF THE NORTHERN STATES MISSION.

3. CAST OF CHARACTERS FOR "THE CLOSED

DOOR,"A 3-ACT PLAY PRESENTED BY THE 0QUIRRH STAKE.

4. SILVER JUBILEE HONOR AWARD PROGRAM

OF THE NORTH HOLLYWOOD WARD.

5. QUEEN AND ATTENDANTS OF THE GOLD AND

GREEN BALL WITH M. I. A. AND BRANCH

OFFICERS, OF THE INDIANAPOLIS NORTH

BRANCH. 6. SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE THEME FESTIVAL.

7. GRIDLEY STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

8. PALMYRA STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL.

9. OLDEST AND YOUNGEST MOTHER IN THE

GROUP AT THE MOTHERS'AND DAUGHTERS'

PARTY HELD IN SN0WFLAKE, ARIZONA.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Gleaners may hold office, but, of course, mer camping. In any considerations of

must be between the ages of 1724 a camping program for Explorer troops,

Gleaner officer or be an proper emphasis. To Every Explorer M MenSpecial Interest inclusive.is the Pioneer Trail Trek should receive for rare fun provides opportunity and within reach should be encouraged

talents.-*-cp——leadership other developing and during sometime his Senior exScout Hansen, chairmen; Josephson, Marba C. H.George

It also entails deal of a great work, perience historic to trek the Anderson, Daines, L. L. Nelson,Aldon Edwin Mormon J. J.

L. Evans, Richard Pettigrew, H. Alma Philo T. initiative, and enthusiasm, you Trail so when Salt to from City. Henefer Lake Farnsworth, Vella Wetzel, Minnie H. T. Anderson,

take the field nominate time to surveyAngelyn Warnick. too is none to begin plans soon March

carefully and choose the most capable for such a trek. Interest in the trail

"VTow is the time to make the library person, not necessarily the most popucan be developed by bringing in old plan effective in gathering and keeplar. It will be to your advantage. Repioneers in the ward or stake to relate

ing of manuals too, that books and person which you member, no may hold experiences. of the study trail route A

in this usinghave been office for years. your groups the same two early the setand stories of pioneer

year. Unless secure special you some tlers will help to arouse enthusiasm Officers Stake Choosing inplace their the for safe house ward trail. to the trek Explorers among old officers, stake choosing some Whenkeeping, will these valuable materials be

all of that stakes the to have Application the should hike Men make Mlost If or right misplaced. you now in hall the stake or amusement meet the a reach General Board Explorer Comwill secure will the a room, have you

all large the meet Gleaners at least and mittee room the before weeks two librarynucleus of a worthwhile which is introin for chapel. given hike. the This of the date contemplated Appliwill to with year year from the grow

pre- (nominated duction of candidates will cation forms provided be uponinclusion of that manuals otherwise

I. ) of the nomination viously request the Office. wards by Y. by A. M. M. bewould also thrown away. Suggest

floor the candidates is trek, additional, from the Following every Explorer isthat of someone handling capable who file balloting. counted, votes are expected to and While a report which be may insisting that andbooks rethey be

groups program also available meet for a prepared a on form two or madeturned be placed in charge of the the meeting, refreshments. This Office. dance at the Y. and M. M. I. A.library.

held some night other than Tuesday, The following suggestions may be is a major event. Be sure in stake elechelpful:

tions that each ward has equal representation in voting regardless of its a. Get in good physical condition for the

trek. twoday size. instrucfurther For comparative entailers

outfit b. as to sleeping camping Check on tions see suggestions the mimeoand--hOo

reflector, frame, canteen, pack food material to bag, given graphed which was Creed Hazel chairmen; Brockbank, Haymond,W. supplies, utensils. cooking P. Lloyd, Harris, Franklin L.Wesley Stev- A. I. convention. during stake A. each M. c. soles. a pair of shoes with Haveenson, good Warner. C. Kiepe, Homer WernerS. John D.

for prospective Application blanksGiles, Larson, Helena Florence Pinnock, Aurelia snugfitting should be They and comfortable

Bennion, Marie Katie Jensen. Waldram, C. Gleaners are at the ready Golden feet. the are shoes undesirable. on New

Y. W. M. I. A. office and will be mailed d. Get a map of the Trail at the GeneralMemory Work on the request of the Stake Gleaner Board Office.

HThe two suggested passages from Manual, or Activity Supervisor. Notice e. Prepare to go over the trail in small

three of groups or more. readings and Gleaner for is girls all fact Men called that to the again M f. at Register the office General Board classthe this to are: memorize month older years or old must twentyfour instructions get and before making the Trek.

all things, whatsoever"And ye shall their applications October, by make Inquire register and g. at Nichols'

ask in prayer, believing, ye shall re1941. None will be accepted later. in Henefer concerning the trail. store

ceive."h. (Matt. 21:22.) are trail. ticks unto There the "Come some wood on Firesides Consult to doctor as your all for tick treatment that labour ye are andme heavy successful Firesides very been have bites. I rest. willladen give and you Take in held especially been they have when you, learn yoke of and upon me;my Firesides, small groups. Stake ward LITTLE I MOUNTAINfor in heart: lowly and meek and am the to tendency however, a have draw MONUMENT shall find rest souls.ye unto your For meeting Sacrament people from young is is light."easy yoke burden andmy my discouraged. should and so be The Explorer 'T'he of the Committee Gen-(Matt. 11:2830.) A this project to are of objectives two eral at announced Board the June Gleaners and many How Men M the Gleaners and encourage in Men that Conference 1940, the during M are reading orhave read the TestNew Services to in attend Evening Sunday it year coming sponsor erecwould the is fineament? to a time check and Now their place to a have wards and tion own of Little a monument on Mountain.to stimulate this project anew.

It also furnish to afterwards. should go is It that the contemplated monument

Elections an opportunity for the young people represent the contribution of every ExIt is suggested that elections for next to study Church doctrine and history, plorer troop in the Church. All troops

talents and to develop their own in therefore officers are invited toyear's be contribute Gleaner one Men and M Imprograms. discussions and musical for the gathor Aprilheld in or more rocks in the wards monument March

and stakes. By doing this, the new offiported lecturers are interesting, but they ered in their own localities, if possible.

cers can help with the closing activities do not allow for individual developErection of the monument will not comand can carry on the summer program, ment. Try to hold the Firesides in mence until after June Conference,having everything ready to go the first keeping with the name—small, informal 1941, making it possible for a reprenight in September. It is especially groups. sentative of every troop to bring a durimportant for the Gleaners to choose able rock, small or large, to the site or

their officers in the spring as a large the monument. Appropriate exercises

part of their membership plan must be will be conducted at a convenient timecarried out before the official opening fifljoi during June Conference when each of M. I. A. delegate may add the rock sent by his

Christensen, Nichols, chairman; troop. their Mark H. M. Elmer Troops to office elected should person If a may wish to mark—OP"Axel Madsen, Floyed A. Elwood G. Winters, G. rocks in the during some distinguishing or way.move summer away Eyre, John D. Giles.

the reason, resign forshould any officers carry until the vacant would on other PIONEER TRAIL TREK nowExplorerto selecttroopstheir rocksshouldandcommenceprovide of spring, the coming Explorersoffice could be in June. for bringing them to Salt Lake

v v direct their attentionSeptember. toward Married sum- (Continued 174) on page filled byM electionMen andin TITith

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Mutual Messages wheretemplationyou ofmayyourlosemanyyourselvesblessings—thein conChurch,thing withandthesethatgirlsit andwill boys.be a living

(Continued from page 173) privilege of living in this day of wonRead President David O. McKay's

at June Conference,ATTAINMENT RECOGNITION ders and great achievements—of living address as given

in this land of freedom and liberty,- printed in the Era for July, 1940.

CtakesAttainmentwhichRecognitionhave qualifiedmadeforavailthe andof thebestGospel,of all, ofandhavingopportunitiesthe blessingsto SPIRITUAL ASPECTS able by the General Board should notify study it and learn of its beauties and OF TEACHING the Explorer as soon Committee as its power in the world and in your lives. VTour teaching of these choice girls isthey the requirements. have met The

objectives Recognition of the Plan are MARCH LESSONS withnotenthusiasmeffective unlessfor thetheyGospelare firedand 10, page 164.found in Log No.

Stake Explorer officers are urged to P\uring March we have some wonloyalty to the Church.

examine their membership and advancederful and important lessons in our The spiritual side of one's being must ment records to determine if they have Manual study, You and Your Light. be fed and developed equally with his

qualified for the Recognition. The first one, "Your Blessings from the physical and intellectual natures. The

Melchizedek Priesthood."Your reworld has made tremendous growth

ARROWHEAD AWARD sponsibility is great in that you must along material and scientific lines. Man

is physical the overdeveloping and study, prayer able and through your ten in be percent the Explorers of RE 7V his at sides exbeing, the of mental the girls important to the show how stake or your Arrowhead ward spiritual, of the does not pense "Man the is that in the Church, Priesthood least this proportionExplorers? At live alone."bread by is Priesthood. built the around Church this for outstanding qualifyshould

girls are of the hungry Church The the exist without Priesthood can The I. A. ExArrowhead Award. TheM. spirit, will the things for the of and exist cannot the but Church, Church satisfactoryplorer not only has made teachings these eagerly accept Gospel Priesthood. the Church without The in the program, Exploreradvancement to as are unfolded them. they is of Priesthood the organized God. to Firstsince he Honors must have carefully suggestions the Study on important them must show how You is activequalify, also but an he member in Leadership the Junior and Manual, lives, is in their in Priesthood the own I. his quothe Priesthoodof A. and M. also Leadership,"Points of "Eight by that through blessings the to them comerum.

in Dr. A. 1939, June, Widtsoe John difit; the their into get minds to and is to proving very be This award Era. in of functions ference the powers and correlating ineffective Teachers'the

quorum and Explorer programs as well the two Priesthoods, the Aaronic and as stimulating increased, wholesome, the Melchizedek.

Church activity. Most of you and the girls have fathe Priestor brothers thers hold who pass meeting should weekly Not a

appreciated should hood. This by {jcoiifs be beingwithout placed emphasis on some

the Arrowhead Award program. you as a source of strength; and if

perchance you do not have the Priest- D. E. Hammond, chairman; Wayne B. Hales,

hood in your homes, you do have your George Stewart, John D. Giles.

bishops, stake presidents, or misyour sionaries, or others in your midst,

ALL duniors whom you may call for information, foron SCOUTS AND MISSIONARIES for solving blessings, in help your and of the rank of Eagle awarding HPhe—o blessings besides these problems. And Harbertson, chairman;Gladys Emily H. Bennett, of Paul A Scout to Reed ThompsonGrace Neslen, Lueen C. J. King. Priesthood, of next the our and benefits

'"p'HE Junior Committee of the General lesson,sets forth"YourotherGuidessources,and whichHelpers,"are St.an historicGeorge incidenton Februaryin the2 Scoutingstands outproas

Board are happy over the success yours to help you through life and to gram. Reed Paul is the fourth son of

classesof to throughout Mrs. Junior George and T. Thompson many Mr. the principles the help you to understand

this attain rank. the faChurch, Furthermore, and commend you leaders we and your of the Gospel and ordinances

for your devoted service and enthusiprivilege of approaching the greatest ther, himself, reached the Eagle status.

astic to father the year's response of program. record a moreover has The all, to Father, the of source God whom

responsibility including eighteen years an have as added a Scouter, You faith, in prayer, through and go you may just relationship the to these during now, in your position of Scoutmaster receive comthe encouragement and such girls. give attained the his sonschoice not that three of only must You fort that may only be obtained in that time

the page, printed of position is found on the Eagle,them what troop comand way.

into get helpbut to the must also other son them admitteeman you when was this to In lesson are study urged we their hearts for rank. to appreciation the an high vanced scriptures the the has learn and what God

this time. blessings at enjoy they also a family hasmany Thompson The in children various said His to His

If ever your leadership was impordispensations. missionary record to be proud of, a

tant and your responsibility great, it total of nearly fourteen years having is these for carry help now, the Church. spent when you must on missions JOINT LESSON ON THEME been

girls critical this the left of through for the period 1929, Carlyle in March, world's history, and bring them through Tn March, also, comes the joint lesson California mission, where he spent 31 sweet and free from bitterness, with a on the theme, for Juniors and Exmonths. His wife Josephine Stephendeeper appreciation for the Gospel and plorers, the only time these groups meet son Thompson spent two years in the

what it means in their lives. together for the consideration of a lessame mission. Heber followed his

Where warfare is abroad in the earth, son. Thorough planning for this should brother's example and left in Degreed, misery, hatred, and disease inbe made well in advance of the evening. cember, 1931, for the Texas mission.

crease. All of these are due to disobeThis year's theme seems particularly Six months before a sister, Emma, had

dience to God's commandments. appropriate at this time, when there is left for the California mission, where

You must put into the hearts of your so much disregard for so many of our she labored for a year. Heber spent

girls in In charjust the Father's 1933, Heavenly Texas. commandments. months June, We 27

ity, in love. that additional six obedience, spent an through this lesson, months hope and pray opposite—patience,forgiveness, and Emma

Your classrooms offer you an ideal the spirit and admonitions of the theme missionary labor with her husband, Wilretreat from the sordid things of life, will find lodgment in the hearts of the ford Whipple, in Denver. In February,

from warfare and contention, a place Juniors and Explorers all over the 1936, Mr. Thompson himself received

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Mutual Messages nificantcause ofandtheinspiringmany attractiveto the writerfeaturesbetainsScriptureto theReading:importanceScriptureof womenwhichin perthe

a call to spend six months in the Northwhich characterized the meeting: ChurchDoctrinewouldand beCovenants,especially Sectionfitting, such25, asin

in April, mission. 1937,ern States Then to the which Smith Lord commands Emma the of committee was chairman The left mission, for the AustralianHorace assist etc., to scribe, her as and husband job. reprethe and actively on troopA large years. selection of labored appropriate anwhere he two make hymns leaders in of sentative group Scout were

for the Doctrine Church. Also Coveand sonin- In the addition the to above, of bishopric a attendance. Every member

relato explains 132:51 nants 56 woman's to his Scouting. there support giving was spent yearslaw, Shakespeare, Carl two If desired, tionship to the the Priesthood.

in the Southern States mission; and the The definite objective for which the meetfollowing passages might be read which

Thompsons helped to support him and ing was called and the unity of purpose pertain to Mary, the mother of Jesus: Luke

his wife while he was away. manifested was outstanding. 1:2633; Luke 1:4655, and Luke 2:1520.

his present recognized Every member If inforadditional Presentation: history the of Theme phase This Thompson

official responsibility individual to save is desired, mation Improvement Era Theis for complete, Paul not yet Reed to will four Scouting. boys excellent of contains issue 1940, July, some until satisfied he has honorablynot be outlined plan of procedure and was Presiof thoughts our from Church two Afulfilled his for mission a Church. it all present suceed. to see determined 395. beginning dency, page on

UNITY AND RESPONSIBILITY It is the firm conviction of hundreds modernStoriesL. D.of S.Women:mother mightThebestoryused alongof a

stories scripture. the In with ancient from that scouters the always boys areIN SCOUT LEADERSHIP of

is of the issue 1939, August, an Era there willing available adults are our where life article the on Manning of Dr. Jane troop committee of a of chairman to the full responsibilities assume A mother, Skolfield, which noted a Mormon'is tohis called leadership. committee recently Scout The program interesting be (Page 462). very would

gether and invited the bishopric, the perfect, well selected, varied, and "Woman's Greatest Career,"by Dr. WidtScoutmaster, Assistant Scoutmaster, adapted to every boy's interest. One soe, in the October, 1940, issue might also

Senior Patrol Leader, and other troop Scout organization unit in our Church provide supplementary material. Many

officials to be present.

He began his meeting by saying,:':';:;:-::: '': ": ':::::':;:::

"Brothers, I have recently gone over our registration of Scouts and find there are four boys whom we have failed to reach and who are not affiliated with this great organization. I do not know

why we have failed, but I know that THE THOMPSON FAMILY they need the benefits which Scouting can give them. I recognize the high

quality of work our troop has done and the many boys we contact, but I am not satisfied until we get every boy in our ward registered. What can we

do to interest these four boys?"Each

member present was given opportunity to express himself on the problem at area multiplied the number of registered other worthwhile life stories are available if of rest the meeting Girls washand. The BeeHive of our we the in homes six, multiplied the numScouts and by

Stories them. inquiring about will of in discussing begin and meansspent ways registered of troops the ber same by be might which the Testament Old from in scouting these andinteresting boys the leadership because simply number the (story of 17, in I Kings are found used in the prohis part resolvedeach to do unit dethe with of that forward went Elijah), assisted Book who widow woman included: whichposed campaign in- I find termination to adequate and of Naomi), (story and of Ruth Ruth

1 of the mother 2 (Hannah, terested and Samuel men to fill the various offices 1. troop a troop and committeeman A the (Sarah, to 11:29 17:15 Gen. Samuel), the troop. callofficer, the Scoutmaster, on in would not If Testament of Abraham.) wife New the presence in his at andeach boy home could something desired, are perhaps stories

of benefits the Scouthis explainof parents Elizabeth. or told Martha, Mary, about be

the to the next invite Scouting and boy is preferred, story of If a Book Mormon meeting. appropriate. be 53 would 56 and Alma

2. Two companionable Boy Scouts This is the story of the two thousand warwould be appointed to call at the home of jBeeHivetirls riors of Helaman, who were valiant because

the recruit just before the next meeting of the teachings of their mothers.

chairman; Bertha Tingey, Waspe, Lucy Ileen Ann meeting. tonight Scout and take him

Larson, Luacine Margaret C. Fox, Ann C.

the bishopric of Inasmuch as this is the only program and the Andersen, member N. Wells. 3. A

Scoutmaster would make a special effort to in the series, "We Live With Great welcome him at Mutual and at the troop '"The time now arrives for us to begin Characters,"which deals with women, meetings when he made his appearance. making plans for our Sunday Evewe should make it an outstanding one.

4. A wellplanned and enthusiastic troop ning Service which is to be held in It should be rich in inspiration and spirmeeting would serve to further the recruit's May this year. Early and thorough ituality.interest in Scouting.

for preparation event this important is the girls of the group an If one of 5. Patrol Leader, Senior The Scoutmaster, insure will not only an inspirational it reader, especially well be good would other Scouts that could used beand as key

men would meet with the four newcomers program, but will avoid last minute to have her memorize Proverbs 31:10immediately following the troop meetings rushing when Swarm Day approaches. 31 and present it as a special reading.

and outline a plan of Scout activity for the The suggested outline for this proLet us advertise our service thornew Scouts. gram is found in the Manual for Exoughly, either through ward bulletins,

ecutives and Community Activity Comnewspapers, personal visits, or the disNeedless to say the four boys soon mittees on pages 88 and 89. You may tribution of printed programs. Let us

became registered Scouts and are now desire to make some changes in prepardecorate the chapels appropriately;

living according to the Scout codes and ing your program, but if you choose committees should be appointed early promises and advancing from rank to to follow the outline we have sugto be responsible for this. Instruct girls

rank along with their fellow Scouts. gested, the following material may be who act as a reception committee to

This experience was particularly sighelpful to you handle this duty with poise and dignity.

efieneatoqu

MICROFILMING ENGLISH PARISH Genealogical Society of Utah sent an we are obliged to obtain, as we ourselves

REGISTERS airmail letter to the Society of Geneare under an undertaking not to produce alogists, publisher of the above magamore than the number of copies agreed to "\17ith the onslaught of daily dezine, expressing our willingness to coby the incumbent.

of registers the Some microhave we this in with of endeavor, vv structivc operate English worthy bombings are to in course, typed be due and cities in return that readers must have the hope many of our we might will rethesefilmed for also available be purchase felt genuine alarm over the safety of ceive a positive copy of each register on the lines set out above.

the parish registers kept in the various filmed. It is quite plain that we shall have to raise

churches. Should these registers be de- A response has just been received as large sums of money to continue this work

stroyed, Church members would be follows of microfilming, and we hope that all soseriously handicapped in tracing their cieties in America which are interested in ancestors in England. In reply to your letter of October 30th genealogical and historical records will send

I do not think that there can be any quesdonations. It is possible that in the future a

The Genealogical Society of Utah tion of copies of microfilm being available long view will be taken regarding these has made, for several years, repeated for the U. S. A. or even any library in records, and that more copies or printed

efforts to obtain permission to microEngland. Incumbents of parishes are very transcripts will become available. If they

film parish registers in England, Wales, jealous in the matter of fees, and we have are not protected and preserved now, nothfuture. the about ing can be done that [guarantee] to undertaking give an had directly Scotland and bothand—faithfully, film copies of will the Yours use or any be no made microfilm agency an American

the of the at incumbent except wish taken K. Blomfield. felt avail, clergy the because at-—withoutthrough experienced have concerned. so Even we Secretary, the Genealogists, Society of their if regcopies ofthat were made efto misrepresent the press in our tempts House, Place, Chaucer Malet W. C. 1 the ofisters, deprived they be would if fort, will see recent as a have you you

small search fees to which they were file of "Notes and Queries"by you.

perpast, in the given have, beenentitled. Then came some distinctly We TIMES TO THE EDITOR OF THE

typescript copies four mission to produce news.good

registers, 12, certain parish of one of which July

The following announcement was goes to the church, one to our library, and Sir,—On February 21, 1938, The1940.Times

printed in the Genealogists'Magazine two are for disposal. We have been makpublished a leading article commending the

of London, England, for September, ing a list of these lately, as with the war work of this society in its endeavors to pre1940, page 89: riskto getit copiesis felt thatout ofit wouldthe country.be advantageousI have not serveregisters,the ainformationclass of nationalcontainedrecordsin whoseparish

yet finished listing what is available, but loss would be irreplaceable unless copies

PARISH REGISTERS IN WAR TIME I send the list so far as we have gone, toare made. Since then a preliminary survey

gether with the price we expect to receive. has been made, and we have ascertained

othparticulars registers is devoted typing of This towards already money which have feel concern readers of our must Many

If registers offered. er parish are this as they in in part. been copied whole or From Registersfor of Parish the safety in war

time, and the recent enemy air activity has we sell them in America, however, we shall it is clear that while a considerable amount demonstrated that this concern is only too require from the purchaser an understanding has been transcribed, much more remains well founded. Already many churches have that in no circumstances will further copies to be done, and with the exigencies of modbeen bombed, and some entirely demolished. be made by any means whatsoever. This ern warfare the matter has become most urIn one parish at least, where the registers gent. High explosives bursting near a church

were in the safe, the heat from an incendiary or vicarage may well destroy the local parregisters, ish together buildings, with the caused and the has them to shrivel,bomb the and exists elsewhere source if no copy is are stuck together.pages The damage

in all probability so bad that the contents of much local history is thus lost for ever.

can now never be read. In this particular The method previously used of copying

instance no copy is known to exist and registers by hand can now no longer be the loss is irreparable. The Society, in an solely employed owing to the urgency for

endeavor to prevent such disasters, has sponcarrying out the work before it is too late.

sored a scheme, financed at present by the This society is therefore prepared to armoney remaining from the grant made by range for microfilms to be made of all regthe Pilgrim Trust for the production of the isters, not hitherto copied, up to the period "National Index of Parish Register Copies,"where the entries are on printed forms ( from for Parish Registers to be microfilmed, and here it may not be practicable to use microalready many have been done. This profilm). Owing to the generosity of the Pilcess has the advantage of being very cheap, grim Trust and others who have given fispeedy, and economical of space for storing nancial help this work can be begun almost

the microfilm. It is hoped that a further at once. The preliminary stage will be that

grant may be made to enable the work to of photographing the registers and placing be extended, but to apply the process to all the film in a safe place. Later, when the uruncopied registers will require a very large gent work has been done, and if funds persum indeed, and donations to this fund will mit, the film will be transcribed on to typebe welcomed. written sheets and copies will be available

The Archbishop of Canterbury has alwithout cost to the various incumbents. It

ready expressed his approval of the scheme, is felt that the first call on this service conand his hope that the clergy will take adcerns those places which are in particularly vantage of the offer to copy their registers vulnerable areas and closely populated by this process, and several of the Bishops towns. Those desirous of taking advantage

have given it their support. of this offer should communicate with

* * * * the secretary, when fuller details of the scheme will be sent. Although there need

to the the bring scheme Will members their to those regcharge have be no who theynotice of with any clergy may whom isters grateful photographed, should be we in contact. availparticulars Full arecome this for to help donations forward not any

able on application at Chaucer House. unimportant work.

DAMAGED, IRREMEDIABLY PARISH RECORDS

SHRIVELED BY HEAT BEING FROM Yours faithfully, AFTER Upon receipt of this information the BOMBS. K. Blomfield.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Genealogy trations154 and of155 Solomon'sare reproducedTemplebeautifuland ofillusthe schools,tion, butorclaimingusing someto giveotherinstructiondesignatemples. nine modern in aircraft will fit flyers for which army TIMES OF THE TO THE EDITOR the Similarly lesSenior School Sunday

solicitors service, are sending through- 9, 1940. September 1516 sons for children years of age have Sir,—Recently (July 6) you published a such lesson titles as, "Eternal Life and Uniout the intermountain region inducing

attention thisletter society drawing from in their to enroll in schools young men versal PreparaSalvation,""Earth Life—a registers offer parish to microfilmto our tion for Eternal Life,"that Restoration belief course the is com- "The when the

in contained preserve informationto the Spirit of the of Keys,"Mission and "The will qualified for pleted governthey be originals the destroyed should owbethem Elijah,"Temple,""Other "The Nauvoo service. ment parishes action. to haveing enemy Many "Blessings of the from Temples Church,"this letter following concerning The this offer, several of but advantagetaken of Society Temples,"Genealogical "The

Alice condition received has from that been to as writtenincumbents say have After "Seeking Utah,"Dead,""TemOur feel safes in registers aretheir they kept in of the charge Welfare Osborn, H. ple the Church and Home,""The

is there microthat to them need no have Office Angeles, and in Los Employment of Ideal the Church."and Baptisms,""Chastity—an registers,filmed. true of paper be This may in is Senior the attention of called to Again Sunday Advanced the and

recently ones parchmentbut all saw some we lessons, are chapters provided School which bishops: ward safe in of church a a which been hadwhich include, Marriage,"Mate,""Your "Your aircraft the of schools here have Many the will acfrom seen be bombed. Aswas Courtship,""Your "Your "Your Home,"districts in solicitors intermountain the had are photograph, they damagedcompanying Activities,"Children,"Church "Your "Your selling their schools, respective at courses of repair, shrivelled to onefourthbeyond Eternal Progress,"Struggle "Your and all to the from $200.00 $105.00 even and way size,their together the original stuck leaves Evil."with all their the After more. spending money, glue. into dissolved apparently Theand formerDepartment, Gospel Message The to the discouraged boys back farm and went in millboards they been had whichmodern ly the Class, Training as Missionary known disillusioned did the not because they get the as unharmed, were fewrebound were will the lessons doctrinal several have on to training outlined the them, as schools and entries paper. ofpages on for several others basis temple and work aircraft recognized industry. the not were by of stress the havurgency again we May technique the recordkeeping of on and this office, at the called of boys and Many cost registers microfilmed?ing parish The research, in part to the prepare missionaries tell. all I the they to told had story same

is the small, churches cannot where and for for the help them demands upon made it to broadcast them they reached when will colcontribute, the funds borne be by field. in the Saints the mission by to home, other prevent boys from making this to society.lected sent Registers by will explanation conabove show The the mistake. same usually returned within 48 can beLondon if that selected clusively are teachers who

hours and are safeguarded while they are have a sympathetic and helpful attitude tohere. If preferred they may be sent by mesward genealogical and temple work, ample

thesenger, can superintend and work who is in opportunity provided the new Sunday Telegraph Poles regtake them away many again. Where the to course people give our School young

isters are available in a local center an equivalent of the training they formerly (Concluded from page 149) operator can be sent to do the work on the received in our junior genealogical classes.

spot. The scheme has the approval of many Sincerely yours, years later thereof the Bishops. Genealogical Society of Utah, M.I.any

Yours faithfully, Archibald F. Bennett, Secretary. was a reunion of those oldtimers.

K. Blomfield, While the women wrestled with

CONCERNING "JUNIOR"dishes, the men sat in the parlor, living past. again events of over the ACTIVITIESGENEALOGICAL Priesthood Aaronic I it all listened heard through and PLANUNDER THE NEW (Concluded from page 170) still stories, interesting very many to us concerning comeTany inquiries

the activities formerly carried on Lake, Payson Second and Third Wards untold. Finally, Father said, "Reby junior genealogical workers. In of Nebo Stake; and Ogden Eighth member the ride we took behind

response to all such inquiries we reprint Ward of Ogden Stake. Ogden Eighth those little mules from the base camp

here our reply to such a letter received Ward qualified all five quorums in the to Simpson? Now what would youfrom Provo Stake: ward—three quorums of Deacons, and have done if those niggers had

Priests'quothe Teachers'both and ChairmanH. J. Stagg, refused on?"to go rums. Activities, and GenealogicalTemple I still picture that mental of a have 8th of L. Allen Bishop Frank Ogden Stake.Provo

sitting his in there old Scotchman file first application to actually Stagg: BrotherDear Ward,

Your note of January 17 states that you for awards this year presented his favorite chair rocking back and forth.

are constantly being asked what is going to papers at the Presiding Bishop's Office A smile came to his face. He

of handling to the in regard donebe 2. the at to himself 9:00 chuckled as he replied, a. m., January

in junior heretofore people engagedyoung certificates All award to now being go on.""They ha'work.genealogical

It was anticipated that all such young made are provided with a neat, black Silence, and then, "Well, if they folk will attend the Sunday School. In frame ready for hanging. had rebelled, then just what would

in Instituted the course, Standard School 1935, of the grade Sundayevery have done?"Quoyou

for that the providedbeginning with is credited Presiding the by chilrum Award the chair stopped rocking. Slowly genetemple of age, 8-9 years anddren effective Bishopric an having with been

left that smile face training a stern are proinstructionalogical and The and activity increasing of among means first this instance, in coursevided. For its place. expression Determitook Priesthood of quorums Aaronic maexplains lessonthere is a on temples which line in written nation of it every was terially increasing attendance and edifices, these the adof andthe purpose

vantages of Latterday Saints who live near pointing the way to more general paras he answered, "I ha'gee me word a temple. ticipation in Priesthood activities. o'honor to Brother Brigham t'ha'e

The Second Intermediate Sunday School All award certificates contain indithem poles strung on time. The

1011 the of for children have,lessons ages Presiding of vidual signatures Bishop that Powers be ha'willed it. They sheetat beginning, the family a group very his counselors, and Richards ha'on."to go out. chart to pedigree be AcLeGrand madeand

Bishops O. Ashton and Joseph Marvintivities the in interspersed are throughout for our reverence heads bow We Wirthlin. L. calling dead, the for for baptismcourse evidently pioneers never such who

etc., the the characters in of studying and back"; the uttered words, "Turn that learn children the TestamentOld many in Selecting Urged Care their as considered good word who their these characters progenof were own Aircraft Schools

itors, the that with covenants and made in trusted the their as bond; who

in the are applicable the Lordthem by that be"; and had the "Powers who of the government lives HP'aking advantage

their In the descendants. coveof this way their convictions, to back up of institucourage defense plan, a number the fathers are "plantednants with made

in the hearts of the children."On pages tions calling themselves aircraft at odds of twenty to one.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

THE CHURCH IN THE NORTHWEST

(Concluded from page 153) wishes to know about you,"or "We we may wonder why Portland, tion as secretary for that company. can't afford undesirable publicawhere rail and sail could meet one

tions."in baptized the inland, miles therefore Then hundred we and presibranch as succeeded meHe ice. floating river anticicity, amidst such a great not could have One folNibley, Alex camedent. Next

fatal. nearly baptism became provided growth pated her been The and Bowers, George in order bylowed

streets. into the candidate Elder stepped and wide, with commodious A Neilson, L. Clifford Peterson,Sorn a neither hole deep could swim. and could saved have Brigham Young Mattice, A. Burton, G.Willard Wm. hurriedly joined bystanders The half indebtof Portland our bonded L. George Sloan, and C.Donald reached out hands and brought and in edness. Brigham presiDid Young last branch Portland'sScott,

see automobiles, or did hedent and now president of the PortIthewastwoawayto onshore.a missionThis inwasNorway.while wisdom

land Stake. The first Elders always wore Prince build "better than he knew"?

The mission presidents at the beAlbert coats and walked. They did However, the greatest changes

ginning were: George Parkinson, not have the five cents carfare. in my observation is Portland's presFranklin S. Bramwell, and for a Brother Barnes told me, aside from ent attitude toward Latterday

short season Joseph E. Robinson. twenty dollars received from his Saints. 8 It is no reproach any more Nephi 19021909, all October, his necessities other of home,From I called a to be Mormon. am well Melvin 19091919, served;Pratt friends. donations from Tracts J. were

I function for in to position know, a Iver- C. 19191922, Heber free;Ballard; to are formerly had now we set for apart missionary. as a I was S. Young; Brigham 19221926,sen; folders. for small Since even pay

19261934, William R. Sloan; 1934we have become more numerous and a six months'mission by Elder David

1 937, Joseph Quinney, Jr.; and Presbetter known, we ofttimes have fa- O. McKay, January 12, 1931. As

ton Nibley, who has been serving vorable recognition and favors ac- I have not yet received my honorable since 1937, has recently been succorded us. On May 27, 1934, our release and never expect to be receeded by Nicholas G. Smith. new large chapel being insufficient leased, I am still acting under the

Today we meet in our magnificent to accommodate the great number supervision of the mission president chapel; forty years ago we met in of visitors to the general Sunday of the Northwestern States Mission,

the Alisky Hall, which I rented for School convention, we were acand I am delighted to be counted additional corded accommodations Some- a month.eighteen remaining years worthy to devote my the fine adjacent use of Hosford I asby have service. to the Master's dollarsoften—didtimes—not Public favor School, highly a we exto defray anyone sistance from

Ipenses. Our Church notices are appreciated. I am grateful to the Lord that

published now without objection I have also seen Portland grow have had my days lengthened to and without charge, appearing with from less than one hundred thouaccomplish vicarious work which has notices of all other denominations. sand inhabitants to more than three been especially incumbent on me,

I never succeeded in getting free hundred thousand ( the requisite for being the only one of all my kind publication and sometimes I was re- a firstclass city). Masts of sailing and kindred who did lay hold on

fused with the answer: "No one ships in Portland harbor resembled this then unpopular religion. So

burntover forests. Now we see also is Sister Westergaard alone in

foreign only steamboats, family. its wisand her work, Temple IN LOS ANGELES coastal. the motor Horses were

its blessings and and beauty, dom streetof Portland's power on some imi carland'slinescommercialwhen I camewaterhere.is so Portpure benefits,ceptance wasof Mormonism.the incentive toNomyotheracSpring at 5th religion such holds out Christian it for medicinal can be used pur-

"$2.50 Tariff from for wellordered, Godor- distilling. poses to rewards Prior without

in Every Room Shower and A Tub 1892, the west side (the business dained lives. The reward of a

Utah Recognized Headquarters in district) had filtered river water. faithful Latterday Saint surpasses Los Angeles

to the Lewis Clark Director Prior and World Managing V. SMITH, finite CLAYTON understanding and exhuman

of Salt Lake City Formerly city Fair, Portland about had twelve is of pectation, past the faculties councilmen paid twentyfive dollars vision, hearing and comprehension, a month, a comwe have and now except, as spoken of in 1 Corinthians mission of city form government.

Shwjfet Forty years ago Portland's munic- 2:9, 10, to those favored by revelaipal debt was one million dollars; tion.

now it is fifty million dollars. Our

retired mayor and city engineer the2ChangedChurch asattitudenoted inof anPortlandeditorialnewspapersfrom the Journal,toward during their sixteen years in office April, 1930, during the centennial celebration of the supervised the expenditure of sixty Church:"The Pacific Northwest has profited by a share

million dollars, the greatest part of of the growth and influence of the Mormon Church.

which was spent for widening Latterdayin 1896. Saint missionaries were first sent to Portland

Portland has following year. Church a now The

local investment thousand a luna streets.moving Somefiveimprovementsor sixstory buildingsincluded membership"The Northwestern States Mission was formed tli2 and of one

of dollars, including than thousand hundred two more 2 WAYS: PACKED GRADE TOP THE feet. several real estate back As ago. a chapel, dedicated a year handsome

GRATED or READY PACK SOLID FANCY are, should the they today "Wherever Mormons start usually abstracts with dofull find of congratulation appreciation PLANT measure and SUNLIT STARKIST'S IN MODERN acres, their of claims nation land achievements."on century 640

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

ORRIN PORTER ROCKWELL

{Continued from page 145) upon the flanks of these invaders TheUnited States Army into Utah and without shedding blood forced seemed imminent, Porter was a Morthe exhausted and exasperated army Deseretmon meteor for nightriding. With toenteringgive upUtahin despairthat fall.anyTheythoughtcampof

cattleothers he would stampede Bridger. winter the near Fort for and ed

horses belonging to the army, burn it that Gymnasium this interval of time was And trains andtheir wagon for entry of the a peaceful grass, and allowed to promote /Zl IMS continually.harass the marching spring. following men army the health 7\ and happiPorter and his men hung like wolves ( To be Continued ness, to increase efficiency, to build clean, strong

bodies, b y providing scientific exercise and REED SMOOT healthful recreation unin (Continued S. page 139) at from Washington, and L. branch D. conditions, der wholesome

all at travels or his abroad home at various director times as of the a wise supervision and exthem. Saints the with as he mingled I., met Savings DeseretZ. C. M. Bank & instruction. pert for of the erection credit the MuchTrust Deseret National Company,

Bank, Hotel Utah, UtahIdaho Sugar L. D. S. Washington chapel is due

Company, Utah Fuel Company, Benehim. ficial Life, and other business enterAt the graveside services in Provo, CLASSES

prises. Bishop Walter Whitehead of Provo First Ward told how Senator Smoot, GAMES

of the American a representative Church Career as financial SWIMMING a government on in London

Tn 1890 Reed Smoot accepted a mismission, nevertheless sought out the The Deseret Gymnasium sionary call to the British Isles, Saints and the missionaries in their where he labored for more than a year humble quarters, and met with them as bookkeeper and emigration clerk in in worship.

the mission headquarters in Liverpool. Since his return to Utah, following

In April, 1895, he was appointed the conclusion of his final term in THE ADVERTISERS of has visited he many counselor second in the Stake Washington, Utah and Where You Will Find conholding the stakes of the Church, inpresidency, that and served capacTheir Messages duties as his carrying ferences, and on ity for five years called he when was to be a member of the Council of the a member of the Council of the Twelve. Alexandria Hotel 178

Twelve Apostles of the Church, and Beneficial Life Ins. Co Back Cover

at the general conference held in Salt The Public Servant Bluhill Cheese Company..132

Borden's St. Charles Evaporated

8, April in 1900, Lake, was sustained thirty dramatic and arduous The Milk....... 164

office that the of the membership by conin States Senate the United years..188 University Brighara Young

Church. stituted Reed Smoot's political career, Case, J. I 129

Later, his candidacy for the United that being the only public office to Cloverleaf Dairy Company 181

States Senate precipitated a national which he ever sought election. He was Continental Oil Company 182

165, 188 Daynes Music Company incident at Washington. Opponents States Senator from United named

...135 Deere & Company his that election of charged he when in 1903, January, and Utah on March Deseret 159 Book Company the he Apostle of an became Church office that into of 4 year sworn was Deseret 179 Gymnasium the incompatible oath took an with gain, at during to the Washington, Deseret Press 190 News

of allegiance as Senator swearing to a thirty years, national next prominence Fuller Paint 184 Glass & Co of as Grain of the senate's shrewdest finanGlobe one & Milling Co 162, 189

Hall's 1uy a,matheiiLiiest;national iicuycs i government.t.-11c waa otaituijCleared 186 Canker Remedy ciers tuna statesmen.

jority after Press 189 of verivote the Senate Hovey a S. the Funding Debt U. ComWhen

International Inc. Harvester 133 Co., fire,"table of during "baptism what in mission created 1922, he was was

Inside Cover Back KSL as the Investiga- "Smoot was known it, for in renchosen and membership Business 191 L. College D. S. tion."in service protecting valuable dered.183 Tractor Co.. Landes Equipment & sides the Atlantic of both he On this interests citizens the the of of na-..186 Hotel Lankershim

was regarded as a leader of outstandtion in the funding of foreign debts. Mountain Fuel Supply Company 134

ing ability. Entertained by high govSenator Smoot was appointed chairMountain States Implement Co... 187

ernmental officials abroad as he went man of the finance committee in 1924, Ogden School of Beauty Culture..l81

to Europe on special missions for the and in this position rendered the naPar Soap 186

Peter 191 Pan Cafe hailed States government, United and tion of service the valuable most some. Pioneer 165 Razor Minced Clams in highest places of honor the in Amerlegislator. given the guided by any He Biscuit Purity 164 Company circles, exhibited ican he governmental financial destinies nation therein of the Culture.. 191 Quish School of Beauty

affairs of in the ability shaping rare presidential administrations, during two Baking Royal Company men and nations. Wherever he went and received the plaudits of high offiSafeway Stores, Inc 189

he upheld with enthusiasm the standcials in the government for his judi-—Inside Front Cover

ards and teachings of his people. He cious decisions and intelligent deducSalt Lake Stamp and Stencil Co... 133

met with those of low and high estate, tions. StarKist Tuna 178

189 Engraving Utah Company the lived taught consistently and and that to In addition holding chairmanFire Co...l91 Insurance Utah Home religion. ideals of his ship, the ranking on he was member Refining 185 Utah Oil Company from body the main Although away the committee, the appropriations Poultry Prod. Utah Coop. Assn...l84

of the Church for most of the time ranking member on the committee on Utah Power 6 Light Company....132

during thirty years he always kept in public lands and surveys, a member Vano Household Cleaner 163 close contact with the Church. He parof the public buildings and grounds Z. C. M. 1 131

ticipated regularly in the affairs of the (Concluded on page 180)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH", 1941

REED SMOOT Grain Storage (Concluded from page 179) Senate, President Hoover told the peo- (Continued from page 144) committee, and the committee on rules, ple of Utah that Senator Smoot "knew and committees on weights and measmore about the government than any the finish, but in the quiet of a Sepother man."civil service, retrenchclaims, ures, on President afternoon Young first tember 41 only Although when he was national ment, conservation and many the that he demonstrated knew elected, Senator early found Smoot others. also served comon several He grain in a war: such of power President with favor Theodore Roosemissions.

velt. the administration During Taft I brethren that willing the perfectly am service thirty years In his of he made freof the Senator one Smoot was if all choose, they improvements, stop should peras worker. a reputation hard a He counselors of as President, the quent in our seeing years a what few spend and

little relaxation, and, himself mitted their efforts against will do; though enemies also true the administration during was

last in years the hewhile became few faster. the to will only us tend use them up of Presidents Coolidge, Harding, and

golf, in the tointerested he would go their If prefer stop the it, they people may Hoover.

a. their wheat; as take of m., play care 4 5 course improvements and and between at the highest the senator ranking As etc., flour, grain, of a cache supply and until possible holes 6:45 as aboutmany beginning of the seventysecond confind other persons can though where no a. for his breakfast, to m., return home gress, he "dean"acknowledged was all es, raise the here grain can time—yit; we office his usually 7:45 at about beand 15 recipient the of other all and time. was the many

let a. at the rarely even end m. up He all of honors bestowed members by

night lengthy day. everyof Almost a parties. the of bloodless This wars one was him. withhe took home work senators long as served had as Few settled. history, peacefully of Howeffort personal climax of came The retired. Smoot he Records Reed when

ever, Federal 26, the 1858, on June the of enactmentwith SmootHawley only in one exceeded him show man bill. In all the history of tariff legislapoint of service at that time. He was troops moved through a deserted

tion, no other man had ever undertaken Senator Cabot Lodge of MassachuSalt Lake City, moving south into to steer such a measure singlehanded. setts, who served thirtyone years. Cedar Valley, where they founded

it to customPreviously been the had for as a base used it and Camp Floyd 13 several taskapportion the memamong for several years. His Family operations

bers of the finance committee, each bePresident C. Meanwhile, Heber responsibleing for one schedule or secpassing leaves of Senator Smoot The attention continued to drawtion of a schedule. his Mrs. Smoot; widow, Alice T. two Kimball

The SmootHawley tariff contained daughters, Mrs. Chloe Cardon, Cinto the wheat fields as he toured the

some 21,000 items. It had fifteen schedcinnati, Ohio, and Mrs. Zella Hardy of country. On June 7, 1 860, he said in

ules, the free list, the special and adWashington, D. C; three sons, Harold Box Elder County, Utah

provisions.ministrative committee The and Ernest Smoot of WashingSmoot

listened to testimony 1,232 from E. Smoot, witton Harlowe and Provo, peopleLet it ofnotthisbe saidTerritorythat anyhaveportionnot wheatof the

nesses. Utah; a stepdaughter, Mrs. J. W. Marenough to last them until harvest.... It

While the bill was being prepared, riott of Washington, D. C, and a stepis hard to improve when there is no bread.

Senator Smoot never missed a day at son, Dr. Sheets, a physician at the Bay When a man has no bread, and his neighbors have none, he must have horrible feelIt to try to in St. him answer PetersHospital Veterans'work. Pines was up to

ings. 17all the in the Senate. questions of brothers, three stood burg; Brigham Smoot He

at his desk almost all the time the bill Pasadena, Cal., and H. A. and Wilwas being considered. liam Smoot of Provo, and five sisters, With an army post near and eager

He had to be constantly on guard, Mrs. Alice Smoot Newell and Mrs. to buy provisions with real money,

for opponents skilled in their knowlIda Smoot Dusenberry of Provo, Mrs. the slow system of barter was a thing

edge of the tariff were ever trying to May Smoot Glazier of Los Angeles, of the past. Men were eager to sell

trap the Utahn. Rarely flustered, alCal.; Mrs. Olive Smoot Bean of Tetheir golden harvest for golden

most invariably ready with a concise ton, Idaho, and Mrs. Dorothy Smoot metal, until on July 1, 1860, Heber

his colleagues. Cal.answer, of Berkeley, he amazed Pierpont

affixed his President Hoover married Reed Smoot Miss Alpha M. C. Kimball said in the Tabernacle: When

signature to the tariff bill on June 17, Eldredge of Salt Lake City, a daugh-... There are hundreds of men in this

1930, marking conclusion of a job beter of General Horace S. Eldredge, in Church that would not have believed that

gun by the Senator on June 12, 1929, 1884, and she died in 1928. He married this people would have been brought down

are to the scarcity they of now. wheat Sheets, the presentSenator how he was asked Smoot Alice Taylor could Mrs.

hav the about boasted wheat Where we enduralmost superhumanexplain in 1930. the Mrs. Smoot, at have ing? Floyd army Theis down Camp shown.ance he had in years'three provisions hand; got and on

"I have a right to demand such enAt the graveside in Provo, Dr. case of famine, they would have to feed us.

durance,"he replied simply. "I have John A. Widtsoe offered the dedicaBut don't you see they have got the power

principles their the with hands? inlived accordance own And tion, the Uniin we18have placed Brigham Young and their in that posesssion. power religion. right living taught asof by my sounded chorus versity band and it physical or menendurance, beWhat

last music. the strict istal, to adthat a due I have great '"P'he years next wrought few lost a patrithe nation has so And principles."those toherence

Senator Smoot's effectiveness on the ot and one of its most able statesmen; changes in the West: the railSenate floor, no less than in committee Utah has lost one of its most distinroad welded the nation in 1869, and

rooms, rested largely upon his ability guished native sons, and the Church with that railroad came greater opto marshal facts, this in turn being the has lost one of its greatest missionportunity for speculation, less chance all determinationresult of to know a the for famine; were no his perMormons through missionary aries—a to origdetails of a subject. He went wilderin the longer hidden a people world and and prestige sonal life

to be these, for refusedinal sources enness; eagerly a group they were his good influence. and His memory

in debate, factssatisfied adduced with tering nation's the into commerce. live, will as will to continue works opponents frequently confoundedand of part threatened If famine in one in that which abode Smoot also Reed for of information his summarieswith

for prepared of us all has Father the cit. Discourses, V:233. Journal bill. of 15Op. against aor

cit. in ''Op. Essentials p. 510. Church History, life and labors those whose upon Senator Smoot ran In 1932, when:89. VIII Discourses, cit. Journal L"Op. of

unsuccessfully for a sixth term in the He can pronounce His approval. 18Ibid.. VIII: 109.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

GRAIN STORAGE

the country the railroad would carry of carrying out President Young's counsel the necessary grain to that section, inleftthiswithoutmatter;excuse;and if theyhe hasdo callednot theyuponwill thebe

and great speculation as to the future brethren until he has become wearied, and of grain prices resulted. now he appeals to the sisters. Is not this a

Despite the repeated advice and proof of his confidence in their desire to admonition of the leaders of the amplelisten opportunityto counsel? nowTheto provesisters theirwill abilityhave

Church respecting the vital subject in financiering;...

of grain conservation and preservaPresident Young further advises the sistion, the brethren of the Church ters that they... build storehouses...

solicit the to assist brethren donations from grasping the timeliness slow inwere in also the building storehouses and given of the instruction.., 19and wisdom grain. in obtaining...

so often to them. What were luxIn the next issueuries before were just a few years of the magazine... and it's extra discussion the necessities. was continued: considered Eachnow

season at harvest time there was Are our good, faithful brethren likely to rich in sunshine such a demand for money that the be left without plenty of employment, iffarmers were reluctant to store an our sisters do all they can to assist in the Vitamin D ample supply of grain for future great latterday work? I think not, inasbuilt different to as in are temples be drink children your CloverWhen in 1876, Consequently,need. land,20 one muchparts the the of gospel preached, and Milk or or cereals take it on death before President Young'syear its leaf carried salvation in of the plan on

he placed upon the women of the various ramifications. No one need be in cooked foods, they have the bentroubled to efit fear of the of of nothing with precious having an extra supply responsibility of storing the

. do. D. vitamin sunshine Everyone mission important which idea of specuChurchgrain—an becoming The.. women this dehelps vitamin which needs well as..the brethren had not fulfilled is lators nothing to be dreaded. even

as he had expected. To show the now while I write, a little chubby hand pulls velop strong, straight bones and

soft, sleeve, of teeth. our smilingly sound, look eyes dark even Most two myspirit this enthe of and movement

lips into pair of a cherry ask mine up and foods, including ordinary ordinary it underwith which wasthusiasm I for sugar. those imagine Could some me milk, don't supply the Church, throughouttaken all lips, we pure, mother's with a which baby

quote from the Woman's Exponent, tenderness I stoop to kiss, asking for bread sufficient vitamin D.

announcing the new program kernelwhen I ofhavegrainnonethatto mightgive, andbe preservedyet sell oneat isAllenrichedCloverleafwithMilkvi-

I the home!... have no fear of of President Brigham suggestion At the irradisisters tamin D by this turning grain into a specumovement call attention of the the wouldYoung we ultravio- ation with of lation.21 the subject this to Territory ofwomen

saving grain. It is one important item which let rays, like sun's

President Young has labored diligently to From Sisters Lula Greene Richrays. Yet Clovertheir since this ever peopleimpress upon leaf costs no more B. ards in the and Emmeline Wells advice these in valleys.residence His

milk. ordinary than of Exponent Woman's November the to cultivate to the brethren everhas been

soil and let the mines, and the mining specu- 1, 1876, came this message:

lations alone, for the grain was of more consequence than gold or silver. And these We wish if it were possible, the subject

people are witnesses to that fact; practically [grain storage] might be agitated in public

having experienced the scarcity of proviand private until every mother and every sions and especially of breadstuffs, in the sister should feel the necessity of immediate earlier settlement of this country. action....

The Lord has blessed this people abundWhy are the people so slow in acting, antly in the few years past in their fields... when they are continually invoked

and in their stores of grain and provisions. to... prepare themselves for the great

... The people have been careless in reand eventful future....

gard to taking care of their grain.... This What is there that will effectually appeal

year grain is unusually low, yet the grassto human nature as want—want of bread?

hoppers have been visiting different parts... It would seem that this people's priHome Of Fine Dairy Products

of the Territory, and, it is feared by many, vations in times past would have taught have laid their eggs; therefore it is more them the necessity of economy and of wisthan ever essential that such measures be dom in obeying counsel, that it would only

necessary to to ask them do secure as will the graintaken now in marbe SEND THE ERA.. it.. and they would do Whoa thingis there...ket. Relief Societies and Cooperative The

feel these things that can as as deeplyorganizations some of in which the women a to your friends and family away—can; think hear what it would be toof this Territory funds mother are interested, have

little for your one cry bread, and worstat their to time, disposal from time which of and keep them close to home.

trifled all to know had you the day away Presiavailable to carry outcan be made dent Young's wishes in regard to buying of grace given you, had thought lightly, or and taking care of the grain. not at all upon the subject....

It is no doubt the best investment of It has been remarked by some that Presithis, thought that dent Young by doing possibly for if that could be made,means wives of this and daughters people the ENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW wouldthe prophecies, ancient both modern, and their to cease fathers ask and husbands... of to are be fulfilled, Smithand Joseph to $25. Discount Complete on a of their for dispose finery, grain or unthere will land; in the famine a desolating be IN BEAUTY CULTURE COURSE articles for necessary personal or household if the this of will Territoryand be women Accredited School A State

... ornament. to to thewise, counsel hearken given and

them now, there is no doubt that the re- (Continued on page 182) sult will be an eminent success... then 19Woman's Exponent, V:76. Ogden School of Beauty Culture

one point will be gained towards the temaoTwo temples, one at Salt Lake City, and one at Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH actually were construction, under George and twoporal salvation of this people in case of more,St. at Logan at Manti, and contemplated at Name were

...emergency. this time.

The women of this Territory are capable 21 Woman's Exponent, V:81. Address City State

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

GRAIN STORAGE AMONG THE LATTERDAY SAINTS ( Continued from page 181) in this Church and Kingdom. Now the workers held in Salt Lake City on

To those who have experienced the pripeopleattentionis calledof at toleastthe subjectthe womenof a temporalof this November 17, 1876, Sister Emmeline vations which the saints have passed through salvation in a real and tangible form: the B. Wells gave the following admoniat different periods since the organization buying and saving of grain. tion:

theof of President Church, the words Young If itself, history repeats wise which men force, for carry double theymust a cannot It is that important a very has occasion aver, believe, of and the masses mankind in the theonly see but prospect called together, us as never probably such future, past then the the in past, in as somewhere future22 in retrospect. occurred before. the earth Lord, on The all train will her famine of with attendant

Later appeared the following: miseriesdesolationandinconsequences,her path... spread.ffl blight and throughers in Israelhis prophet,to preparehas forcalleda famine,on the whichmoththe to dissubject makes we has phrase Salvation Temporal The cuss a one. grave assured Weare calledare wellupon practicalquite been At a convention of Relief Society people a hobby with many is fast that the the time approaching when

22 Woman's Exponent, V:84. Z8 Woman's Exponent. V:92. Lord will pour out His indignation on this

country, and although we should escape, we will feel the effects of it in a national capacity. Our hearts must be hard indeed,

if we will not feel for those who may come to us for help. The Lord showed his servant

Joseph [Smith] that'such things would come, and so distressing and revolting to to witness, humanity that he asked the Lord.., Zi to close it up.

Here we have again a reference to

Joseph Smith. One of the very first

revelations after the appointment of a bishop in the Church instructed the brethren to provide a storehouse to store away the surplus of the land."

As THE Relief Society grain preservation program spread, word came back from every quarter of the

Church heralding new enthusiasm and activity. Sewing bees were held

and the fruits of the loom and of the needle were sold and the proceeds turned into wheat; in some communities, all Sunday eggs (with

special instructions to gather eggs early on Saturday and late on Sunday) were claimed by the Relief

Society to bolster their wheat fund;

jellies were made, donated, and sold in the name of the golden harvest;

gleaning parties were organized among the membership of the Retrenchment Society (now the Young

Women's Mutual Improvement Association) and the Relief Society sisters, and men and teams were enlisted to assist in the gleaning operations in the fields; space in private

granaries was donated for Relief Society grain storage, and plans were advanced in the various wards to build permanent granaries; indeed,

women strained every faculty to devise new and adequate ways of obtaining and storing grain.

The Priesthood and the Relief Society worked as one. President

Daniel H. Wells, second counselor

to President Young, said to a body of Relief Society workers in Kaysville:

... To some it looked curious to have

to ask the advice and aid of the sisters...

in the storing of grain. Why should it be?

2i Woman's Exponent, V:99.

25Op. cit. Doctrine and Covenants 42:34, 55.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

GRAIN STORAGE AMONG THE LATTERDAY SAINTS

Should famine come, the women would have planting time. One bushel of wheat Outside the Church, people have

sufferto as the as well hunger men for the thankful irrigated to be of had cause acre plant could one

It is treasure that should our wisdom up we Society wheat. land. blessing of Relief farm of dry acres land, two and Agrain. sisters help to the have power The

us in doing this. These things are within On these loans the Relief Societies carload of flour was sent to San

the providence and lawful sphere of the sometimes received one peck to the Francisco at the time of the earthsisters'Societies. Relief The women later fire in a year 1906; quake and as interest. are bushel

just as interested the as are much and men sent a similar to China was amount the Church there has Throughouttheir salvation welfare just are and as much concerned. I like to see the sisters bear been a spirit of sharing Relief Soto perform a mission of famine relief.

their proportion of the labors of the first time of less fortunate, the the World with At wheat the king26 ciety that in itsdom, blessings. share they may bushels thousand droughtstricken. hundred one the the needy, and War

Less than a year after Brigham The pinching effects of the droughts of wheat were turned over to the

Young had given the assignment to that hit southern Utah in 189899 United States government at a price the Relief Society he died, but in that was materially lessened by this polset by the government. At the close

year he had the privilege of seeing icy. {Continued on page 184)

strong foundations laid for a lasting program from one end of the Church to the other. As the first complete

year of Relief Society wheat activity closed, November 17, 1877, thirteen

Utah counties reported:

Wheat stored and in good condition Today's 10,465 bushels YOU CAN'T DO

Wheat obtained through gleaning....

- 299J bushels Wheat obtained by selling Sunday 50 bushels eggs Flour on hand 7,358 pounds WORK WITH YESTERDAY'S ofCash on hand for the purchase

Z1 $329.10 wheat

Upon hearing this report, Sister EQUIPMENT AND BUILD

Eliza R. Snow, then president of the

Relief Society, said:

I am pleased to hear the report of whatour sisters have accomplished; the subject THE HIGHWAYS OF

was new to us; we had many obstacles to

meet, but I thank the Lord that we have succeeded as well as we have; still it looks

very little compared to what is before us.The Lord never speaks in vain; we can Tomorrow

depend upon His word, and we know that a famine is coming.... We ought to

have at least fifty thousand bushels of wheat next year....

Today's road programs are in high

So the wheat program under the direction of the Relief Society moved forward and proved to be helpful in gear and it's only the progressive many ways. During the Church

Golden Jubilee in 1880, celebrating fifty years since the organization of contractor or government official the Church in this dispensation, at the request of President John Taylor the sisters voted to lend their entire who can keep up the pace. "Caterstore of grain to the ward bishops for

the poor, the bishops to give receipts with the promise to return the wheat. pillar"road machinery is keeping

The sisters were not strict in the matter of requiring receipts, and the gesture finally resulted in a gift by step with progress.

the Relief Society to the farmers of several thousand bushels. In the

beginning of the Relief Society proTRACTOR and sold almost gram, wheat was lent or EQUIPMENT CO. for planting, yearly which was a SALT LAKE CITY great boon to farmers who had exhausted their supply before spring LANDESDistributor of "Caterpillar"Diesel Engines, TrackType Tractors, Road Machinery

2iijournal o} Discourses, V:H8.

-'Woman's Exponent, VI: 102.

-Woman's Exponent. VI: 110.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Grain Storage

(Continued from page 183)

of the war, after all the wheat had been converted into cash, it was deALWAYS FRESH cided by the Relief Society, with the

With Same Uniform approvalcentralize ofthethefund,FirstwhichPresidency,amountedto to $412,000, at the Presiding BishEXTRA QUALITY op'sUnderOffice.date89 of August 26, 1918,

the presidents of the various ward

Ask for Them! signedRelief bySocietiesthe GeneralreceivedReliefaSocietyletter

Presidency, the First Presidency, and the Presiding Bishopric. It

EAT MORE tGttfke Peyecf&od read in part:

The policy of storing wheat which was rkn.rknMb QuaJWUf CUk Lfoafi, *&AxxxA, jjoxinaugurated many years ago and which has

been continued so faithfully is a correct policy, and we should practice it just as

. received for the money The wheat MILK WHITE EGGS soonin as the time is opportune to do so. is should no case as it be loaned.. a...

sacred trust fund which can be used only for the purpose for which it was donated.

When the time comes to again invest this money in the purchase of wheat you will be advised of it by the Presiding Bishopric and the General Board of the Relief Society.

The golden harvest for a time was changed in form and laid up in the strongboxes of the nation—but the

spirit in which it was created remained unchanged. By mutual

agreement, the interest accruing from this fund was used for maternity and general health purposes. Individuals,

clinics, and health centers 81all have been aided from this fund. Each

ward received a certificate for a share of this trust fund. When a ward

was divided during the ensuing period, the newly created ward received its share of the wheat fund by dividing the certificate with the old ward.

Then, in 1 929, came what men call depression. Families to accustomed and BEALTIEULAoMDURABLE themselves in want. plenty found

the Just plan remember one you word when offerings in for years Fast which

It spring FULLER. word home renovation—the the sections of had Church some wellhighest quality products, means built reserve a strong were up now "color dealers prepared and newness"—outfriendly for the care to inadequate proving

will delight side surely you. and inside—that needs of the people without emlocal for adSee your FULLER PAINT DEALER

vice and materials! ployment. More than the customary machinery of relief was needed to

care for the many who needed help.

principles taught Brigham by FULLER A COThe first in a ward, were tried, W >SALT Young LAKE CITY AND OGDEN, UTAH then in a stake, and finally they were organized Churchwide as the Church Welfare Program. Co29The Deseret News, Church Section, September 7,

1940, p. 5. Text of talk given by Pres. Amy Brown

Lyman of the National Woman's Relief Society, at the services of dedicatory Grain Elevator No. 1, ChurchA

Salt City. Square, Lake Welfare A comprehensiveMASTERwork covering subjectsINDEXand authors, crossindexed, ior fortythree volumes,

irom 1897 to 1940, inclusive. 30Minutes of the General Board of the Relief Society,

Secretary. reference This Lyman, 205, Brown unusual work pp. 206. Amy will be OFF THE PRESS SOON and will be invaluable to li1918,

cit. Section,braries Septemcollectors private Church Deseret slOp. News, and and students.

ber 7, 1940, p. 5.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

GRAIN STORAGE AMONG THE LATTERDAY SAINTS operatively, Latterday Saints intenhas secured a grain elevator at Mcupkeep, maintenance, repair cost of storage sified their willingness to help each Cammon, Idaho, with a capacity of necessaryof the wheatfromin timethese toelevators.time to replaceIt will thebe

other to help themselves. 80,000 bushels; and one at Sharp, wheat so stored. The Church will absorb

And now, for the second time Utah, with a capacity of 8,500 bushthe loss incident to this operation and if yields profit, at time operation such any a is totalwithin generation, a at storage ca- a Europe wheat els—or

this applied will the cost towards of be into pacity of bushels.war, has 400,000 some the minds and of men

elevator. the running

come the remembrance of the famNearly fifteen thousand bags of So far as it is possible, all labor incident ines that accompany such conditions. cement went into the rock of solid to this storage operation will be Welfare

that has of time been dedicated as"Save for a up concrete famine—store of small part the storage labor.A relativelyprovisions last to Elevator Church Grain a year!"has beNo. 1.

in these elevators will It space used be insistent take railroad three an wouldcome by the warning. hundred for storjing Welfare Committee various32 "It cars to carry in time fill it, grains to again turn our wheat to enough this operation. connection with is now

surpluses and our original wheat but these cars could be unloaded or fund back into wheat for a day of loaded by one of two like units at The Church owns and operates a need,"the counsel came from the the speed of one every ten minutes. flour mill at McCammon, Idaho,

Presiding Bishop and the Relief SoThe wheat that will come by truck where Church Grain Elevator No. 2

ciety General Board. The move has and there will be much, for quorums is located. The daily output of this

been welcomed by the whole Church. are growing wheat in Welfare projmill is two hundred barrels. Yet all

this the beginning will be only is and truck be weighed by ventures. of If famine should such A gain the Relief Society and the ects—willscales with capacity 40,000 pounds

Priesthood are working hand in and dumped a truckload at a time. strike the day that the present storhand in the storage of grain. The All the equipment is designed to do age space is filled, there would be

Priesthood builds modern elevators the work in an elevator three times only wheat enough to supply ten and cares for the wheat; the Relief its present size. percent of the33Church's members for

is has set one year. ChurchSociety fill them. to The the presAt President Clark, of just Jr., J. Reuben

It is the example.ent to the membertime up the constructed has Church in his the said First Presidency Oc-

a thirtythree bin elevator at Salt tober, 1940, conference address: ship to follow that example in every

Lake City with a capacity of 31 8,000 home and community.

bushels, complete with machinery to The Church has borne the cost of seIn the October, 1940, conference curing building elevators. and these 186) The on (Concluded page smuttywash wheat and to remove

Relief Society will Fund be used Wheat 32 cit., 6.barley, oats, wild 1940, Desccet p. Op. and News, October seed weed fill the Relief to Society by elevators the is five annual per 33Average 5,person consumption wheat.from the Church The also with will wheat. of the bushels wheat. The Church assume

b m cm scowl Yout;ks,,,to groU 11 * So dnve I smooth Amy\"tattlekes a fellow

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

GRAIN STORAGE

(Concluded from page 185) effort could mean if we should cooperate in all things as we have in this enterprise.Baby Clothes address of President J. Reuben If we could subordinate all our indidifferences wills and to the sole purClark, Jr., already referred to, he vidual ftahtkulwdiy poses for which the Church placed was here said: upon the earth—the preaching of the Gospel to the working out of our salvations

to its original return form, the Thus we then the and we should have a difworld35 to the donation the people of wheat by made ferent tell. to story

Sisters themselves, Society beginning the timeNeed Reliefback in Young. of Brigham These The dramatic story of grain storsacrifice the at were made in the of age Church a demands

necessities. of In sometimes andPerfect donationscomforts prophetic conclusion. Again in the frequently they the beginning represented

toil sisters the grievous somefathers Our and grandfathers, our themselves—aRinsing the result of gleaning the wheat fields by words of President Clark: times, but to joy one that brought the mothers... and grandmothers were fashioned

at time, the a and reward heroic molds; they built were of the vircourse Of all clothes 3from'their in you want

in hereafter. the Father perheartsHeavenly tues that It make empires. mighty is too not

. fectly clean.. rinsed perfectly to much hope that pray and of our day it's clear. we38 But especially important to their measure may stature. in at speaking the dedication And

in clothes! baby

of Grain Church Elevator No. 1, In this, as in other things, the Garments worn next to such tender said: President Clark skin must be immaculate! With Church has pointed the way—for

not a trace of soap left in them!... This building represents above all the wise and the prudent to follow.

else, spirit the of cooperation. that I wish Ibid., August 27, 1940. Talk at dedication of Par contains "Pyro", Soap marvel- a all really of us could united appreciate what Church Grain Elevator 1, No. Welfare Square, Salt

Lake that ingredient ous prevents soap

Cit. Deseret RlOp. mlbid.,City. News. 5, October 6. 1940, p.

... curds water in any... and

makes clear rinsing quick and easy.

REED SMOOT AND HIS MOTHER(play. Safe! U&sl (Concluded from page 138) against you on God's great day to come.

back to Oslo, I translated it roughbeI prayable Godto gatherthat ontogetherthat greatin joydayandwe hapmay ly; his emotions were deeply stirred. piness, and that we may then be crowned

glory, to God's and that say to He may tears flowed. His PAR SOAP

all: There was little us faithful now, "Come children, my else that afternoon. spoken shall you for be rewarded labors."your

When we boarded the steamer on This matter and my desire that you may our return home, I handed him a know the truth and accept it, have made shed in secret tears, burning me many and written translation of the message. they increased have been I have when

It seemed that for two days he carthought of the ungodliness of mankind. The

ried it with him, reading and reyears are speeding on; the day is approachall ing listen to the when must Shepherd conversareading it. There no was

render will, and obedience to His or receive lived with us then. tion between He punishment. great King to The is coming

his own thoughts. reign and to rule. Sin and evil will be banAt the next General Conference ished. May God grant that you may be

the ones. among heart worthy grows My the translaof the read he Church

tender things. I think of these when God to tion the people assembled. Here I give that repent. shall mankind may IN

it is. it witfor to me, all pray was another that As Father Heavenly myall who

lines these the true comprehend may the of to read of a mother power 2 ness of purpose holy His book, lay and may life son. the shape of a May all SIZES sin. the of burden down which That

mothers use their power for the have written is for all who may read theseI '"Regular"and "Giant'making of wholesome men! lines. I pray God to lead you into eternal

A few words from your daughter Kirslife. Kirstine Mauritzdatter,

tine, parents: for courDear, Pray Drammen, Sept. 1, 1854. God my LOS ANGELES

in this to truth great accept contained age

Hotel Lankershim this book and now restored, so that reject- (Conference Report, 7TH t BROADWAY ed knowledge may not be a testimony October, 1923, p. 77)

JI.50 $3.00 $3.50

"No Bargaining—

LOS No ANGELESWorry"Frank Wishon, Operator I WHIPPED AN ENEMY (Continued from page 140) pretty strong tobacco,"he said. "It

quered something. I had done somesmells strong enough to knock you

IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS thing that I had never done before. down—those old cheap 'Twofer'

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple "Jesse, when did you start smoklong-green cigars. How can you

sore throat and other minor mouth ing?"James asked me as we rode stand that stuff? Looks like it would

and throat irritations. the mules home through the moonmake you sick."

light. "It doesn't bother me,"I said. "I

tonight,"chin.""I started take the I said. "I've can it onHall's Canker Remedy "If smoking age now."I were your and had never536 East 2nd City/ Utah started So.—at Salt Lake

"It seems like you've started with (Continued on page 188)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

NEW WORLD

OF

OLIVER. 6OTHE NEW

WITH THE POWER MASTER OLIVER'S NEW TRACTOR ENGINE SENSATION!

TWrWl? *power.a YouHere've wantedit is in inthea Powersmall tractor.Master—theThinkbig,of newnew

Oliverdeveloped high compression engine. Here's 2-row, 1-2 plow

power at the lowest price in Oliver's history. You get big tractor

comfort features and Oliver's "RowVue"streamlined, tapered hood and chassis with rigid midship, full view tool mounting for row crop work.

f IJT TT Oliverwith yourtractorsneighborsand equipment.who own Getand theiruse modernopinion

of Oliver quality, performance, economy and sturdiness.

P'LT'P'M'TpCT a new 60 in your own fields—the only proving

ground you need to find out what tractor is best for your needs. Then we believe you'll say: "The GO is the

biggest little tractor ever built". Ask for a free demonstration.

Send for the new GO catalog.

OLIVER SUPERIOR GRAIN DRILLS

F

rrrrrmvmws Superior—the greatest name in drills. Uncannily accurate. Bushelto-theSTURDY TWOWAY PLOWS footdifferentsteel sowinghopper. rates.RunningNoncloggingin oil variableopenersspeedwithtransmissionrear springprovidespressure.60

Strong steel frame—full length rear coil. Roller bearing mounted axles. Ask

Strong plows with a fine reputation. Can plow up to 12 inches for folder.

deep. Adjustable for 16", 17"and 18"furrows. Power lift for each

ball to operate, bearing adjusting Easy depthbeam.

hitch. foradjustable folder. 16"or 18"bases. Ask screw. Quick TVAHTT1V1A.I.L, TWTClniO f'fMT'Df'W\s\JKJr\Jrt Filltodayin, forclipfreeand demonstrationmail this couponand

information.

Mountain States Implement Co. MOUNTAIN STATES Ogden, Utah

IE-3-41 GO. 60 tractor Also place. an Oliver I want on my IMPLEMENT

Drills folders 60, Oliver Superior on the send me tofreetest OGDEN, UTAH Plows. and TwoWay

12 CENTRALLY LOCATED BRANCHES Name -

Ogden, Utah Logan, Utah Shelley, Ida. Idaho Falls, Blackfoot,

Tremonton, Murray, Utah Preston, Ida. Idaho Idaho Town State

Utah Falls, Rupert, Rexburg, Twin Idaho Idaho Buhl, Idaho Idaho RFD I farm....acres.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941 1 WHIPPED AN ENEMY (Continued from page 186) six suits and two overcoats of my specialize schools. for in fire churches music set and that cigar ashesWe and on own "I certainly said, smoked,"MUSIC James solos, for stocks instrumental vocalLarge and

I in repaired. holes burnt which hadchoirs, it orchestras. Headquarters bands and start wouldn't now."

for S. for L. orders organizations. D. Mail music

in advice. at mirror the at I looked once- I laughedfilled James'He or spepromptly for write my catalogues and

cial lists. was nine years younger than I. I white teeth, now as yellow with toDAYNES MUSIC CO. had taught him in school and had bacco stain as an October pumpkin.

solicit your patronage We It sick to look at them. advice about smoking given him made me

St.47 So. Main

I didn't quite small. People about had commented he was Salt Lake City when my

take his advice any more than he white teeth. They didn't comment

had taken mine. I had to live and now.

learn the way he had. I had to live All of my life I had fought against

and learn like other young men. the control of people. I had bragged

It that in I attended 1936 was an independence. I was my liio Steps

in belling smoked and W-Hollow now bowed the aboutindividualist—and

first cigars. the beginThat was my to to puff not a weed—aI had man—but

I ning. I started smoking. made men of tobacco smoke.

move away from me on busses. I I got to the place that I had to

made oldseasoned smokers leave the break away from my master. I

By taking advantage smoking compartments on trains. I couldn't be a subject any longer. I'd

of the Spring and Summer smoked like this for four years and gotten into this thing myself and I

I was a oneman would be man enough to quit it. I Quarters at B r i g h a m eightynine days.

I sawmill boiler's was a longer. I bestand wouldn't it any University, Young you puffingfurnace. smokestack. it doing gan to feel the harm was my can take two steps forward the approximately I'll give you It It ruining body. was my teeth.

in your educational prognumber of cigars that I smoked had spoiled the taste in my mouth.

ress. This period constiwhile I was a slave to this weed. I It had coated my tongue. I didn't

tutes twothirds of a year averaged no less than ten cigars a have the life and the pep that I'd of college study, which day and some days I smoked as once had. If I had run one hundred

cigars. I craved twentyfive as many at topspeed, yards I would have can be accomplished benot to have them. I had them. And I fainted. from had run everything

fore autumn. only did I like the smoke but I the two miles up in college. I said I

Hundreds of courses chewed the ends of the cigars. I had would quit tobacco and I meant to

the light another end it. quit too to hate be weak- I would cigar—chew to leading success i

it time. it at the n toof same smoke and hurtto quit that willed a thing was scores of in occupations I 15,490 estimation a smoked low At I quit I said I would and ing me.

businesses, professions, cigars. Put this many cigars in a pile did quit.

sciences, arts, and music and it would be equal to a small It hurt me when I wanted tobacco are offered. haystack. Yet the smoke from all and wouldn't let myself have it. But

cigars these went into my system. matter it—no

of cost estimate I determined My lowest for my Ihowwouldn'tmuch I turnsuffered.to SPRING QUARTER four years of enslavement to the not to touch it. The first day I was

March 24 to June 8 cigar habit was $875.50. This would so on edge when I couldn't get tohave paid up a small insurance polbacco that if a person said a thing

SUMMER QUARTER icy. tothatmeperson.I didn'tIflike,a personI wantedsaid toa thingfight

June 9 to August 23 "Tow, smoking cigars was not all to me that was the least bit funny, I for me. While I was in England laughed and laughed hysterically

on a Guggenheim Fellowship, I and once at a sad thing someone

Write for information learned to smoke a pipe. Cigars said, I wept. I couldn't even write a

were quite small there as compared letter that day. I couldn't do anyto the American cigars—and they thing. It was the hardest day I've Brigham Young were much dearer in price since all ever lived in my life—that day that

tobaccos were imported. Many days I quit tobacco. But the next day I

University I have smoked a tin of tobacco in a suffered less and the third day I sufPROVO. UTAH day. I smoked at least 516 tins of fered still less. I never went back to

"Scholarship—Spirituality tobaccotin. Thatat amadecost ofan fifteenextra cents$77.40a tobacco.give one inch.I didn'tI retract.intended I towouldn'tfight it

Character"added to my cigar cost of $875.50. through to a finish.

My smoking for four years and Since I have quit tobacco, I feel like eightynine days cost me at the low- a new man. I am my old self again.

est approximation $952.90. (This The surge of youth—swift as a does not include the three rocking mountain stream—runs in my veins.

in as they not white chairs and to sleep though that I went My teeth, to like the backdon't look were, to find I had pay once on fire. upSsmtLthsL ERA woke

to your family and friends away for these. Nor does this cost include wall of a furnace. I can sit down at

and keep them close to home. the one bed I set on fire and had to a typewriter now and never get up

pay for. Nor does this include the until I have finished a tenthousand

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

I Whipped an Enemy word short story. I can run a mile

without fainting. I am myself

strong as a lion, hearty for food as a hounddog. I feel like shouting to the

boys and girls of this nation to "lay is what really counts.,.off"tobacco. They will sooner or FLAVOR

itlater learn to the will do what only and we believe you'll enjoy the delicious, natural, will ever have. theybodies They

will learn it is an expensive habit. I

am not a crusader and I am not a substantial, real bread flavor in every Royal loaf.

fanatic. I am not a sissy or a softie

among men. I am one of the toughest. I know what I'm talking about

by actual experience. RoyalSalt BakingLake & CompanyOgden

100% Homeowned 100% American Faith {Continued from page 141 )strong. It made her forget herself, mmFINE

asalmost a part of if she were MeaD it, Fresh unit ofa that great something had

Every Day at Your Grocer's limitations.no

She stood up and faced the wind.

It whipped her dress and sent her hair flying back into a long streaming banner. air surged The against setter set UrOTMEand with around her such magnificent force that Ellen had to use all the alarm is i MAKE THEM

her young strength to remain standminutes earlier WITH GLOBE "A I"ing. ie vou're going to READY MIXED It was funny that something couldbe so strong and invisible. make pancakes PANCAKE FLOUR

"Look!"she shrilled suddenly.

"Look, Mary and Clara! I'm hope!

I'm hope!"She stood on her tiptoes, flung;8

her arms back, and turned her face s2 up toward the sky. She felt awed &,

and shaken and far away, as though the hilltop had suddenly separated 4citself from the rest of the world. 17

The rush of the wind filled her ears;its force encircled her like giant,*.* M

arms. The sky was very blue and

seemed suddenly full of mysteries.

What made it so blue? What was

it? 0*U Was God in the wind that it was so strong and invisible? Was He

in the sky that it was SO'blue andfar away? Was He in the grass that 7&Sk

rippled and swayed in the wind?

It was perfect, all of it! The plantsthat came up each spring, that GL0BEA1

bloomed each summer, that droppedseeds each fall. The bird that sudPANCAKE

denly streaked across the blue. Theinsects that hummed and sang and FLOUR

lived. It was all full of meaning

and beauty. In nature everything,/**##*#*#<y###J

had a purpose. DANCE PROGRAMS.. TO ORDER MADE orrcR we

size shape, Any or prices. at design low A We COMPLETE

styles have from. many you choose Write may ENGRAVING SERVICE Ellen knew, Ouddenly prices. for samples and Missionary From Portraits to the Largest

for just knew, 100 Tickets $2.50 $1.25—500 doubt, that without a Catalogues

somewhere at the head of everything Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

UTAH ENGRAVING CO.there was God, a PRESS Someone HOVEY knew who

St. Phone 3-0G17 Salt Lake City, Utah (Concluded on page 191 25 East North Temple Salt Lake City 113 Regent

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

SOLUTION OF FEBRUARY PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle-A Busy Builder

"Yet they sent unto me four times after this sort; and 1 answered them

4. c L S E T A D V i S E after the same manner."—Neh. 6: $

1 E N T R T A M E E $1 N T R E s p R T Y $ L N E V E A $ T $ T EL E E B M P R %Si $ T E T H $ $ $

i A R E D N B D "R "R M R T u R N $ P M A R A *P 1 A T E S 1 -R H N w G $ R S i A C S E U

... F $wL L

$ A F T E JK T H E E B E s A u s H E L E A NO. $ P 8

You Get

Double Value

from your subscription to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, and other Church publications, when you preserve your magazines in permanently bound volumes. Send your back ACROSS

numbers to us now! 1 "Should such a man as... flee?"37 Image; coin (anag.)

2 "I... the Lord your God"39 "they perceived... this work

4 "Arise therefore, and be..."was wrought of our God"

8 "the people had... mind to 40 "Then said... unto them"

work"41 "Ye... serve God and mam-

9 "The Busy Builder"mon 1 1 Containers 42 Exclamation of joyDuring 14 A couple 43 "as the lad. he shot an

15 Compound of arsenic arrow"17 Indian Empire 45 Disease of sheep

Part of the Bible 18 46 Gaelic form of John

Medicine March 20 47 Month We will return them to 21 "The work is.. and large"50 Dove note

the should "why you postpaid, attractively 23

I should "that 26 be. afraid. cease"and do 5254 NestWearing away and durably bound in... and sin"56 "saying..., let us meet to-

"Go to the cloth, stamped in gold. 27

28 Substance derived..., fromthou aloessluggard"57 "whichgether"were broken..."

29 Tantalum Improvement Era $2.00 31 Athwart Our Text from Nehemiah is 1, 2, 4,

Relief Society Magazine:.. 1.50 3433 "."clothed.., everywith onestrangethat..thirsteth"."8,57 21,combined23, 26, 39, 40, 41, 56, and

Children's Friend 2.00

Instructor 1.50 DOWN

finished in the was fifth the. and.. day of per volume 1 ConversingI go in it by(anag.)the fingers; it and 23 "Sotwentythe

2 "a reward of their shame that say month Elul, in fifty and two unto me,...,..."days"

3 Middle 24 Palm leaf Flying Great is... of the 25

(poetic)Ple Deseret 4 "saying,Ephesians"light; poach it (anag.) 30 Without

5 "all that handle the..."32 Large net

6 Monogram for Jesus 33 A Jonah (colloq.) Press Father 7 Weapon 35News

cavities 8 of various Mountain range 36 Any Street 29 Richards blessed thistle Principle of the Observer 38 10 deliver beet of.. me, 41 and Kind me"

teeth for a cutting; Part of adapted church Salt Lake City, Utah 1213 Having". 44

not codes (anag.) 48 Church of England

"Pioneer Printers and Binders 16 "..., with her towns and her 49 Act in a loving way

. with of his...

in of the West*'19 Perfumevillages"Josh. 15: 45 51 "everyhands. wrought. the work"

22 Each 53 "what my God had put in my heart to... at Jerusalem"

190 55 Swedish )..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1941

Faith "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!

( Concluded from page 1 89) all this.everything and planned His.. or. in the FROMNEXTDOORpower was wind and sky and

earth. He had made them, andthey were His. Everything was His. ACROSS THE WORLD..

Now Ellen knew why Mother L. D. S. is the Right School For Your Business Training

sang and Father was happy, why Oregon Indiana England Mexico so many hundreds of people were trudging across the desert, why

Mrs. Dugannon hadn't cried when

darling little Buddie died.

People shouldn't live in towns.

They forgot everything but themselves, what they'd done, what it had done for them. They grew

selfish, seeking always for their own pleasure and comfort. They forgot

that man wasn't king. People

should live in the desert. Money

didn't matter in the wind and sky and grass. Life was enough.

The sky blurred and Ellen sat IdonnaUnionWard EvelynNinevehBevis MargaretLondonWallace ColoniaWayne RomneyDublan felt "I L. that tears the to of the fascinated out squeeze I to "I "I'mdown go years plan ago "Two

City, Salt with Lake college L. S. through visited the and D. D. S. ofto had moreher eyes. Clara were and Mary in business ofbe opportunities enter happy and then The price lower a fer—at to I for tohope America. myself. school fered the by amstaring her. at—-than any busiat complete taking course that so myI a other pleased me

the training S. said. L. ness the D. after because from I graduating good!""That its was of school kind. Mary

I of- S., it obtain will L. D. atan believe help decidschool high certainly have found Ellen."as"You're hope, good live fice position, to the for goal reach and to hereI me ed come

to that true."I be permanently."set."here have educabusiness my said, wasn't hope,"Ellen "That

tion.""That was faith. Come on. Let's

This is a time of greatrun and catch the wagons."Write opportunityTODAY ior ourfor thoroughly"Bulletin of trainedInformation."young men and women.

.

Evidences and 70 North MainL. Street—SaltD. S. LakeBUSINESSCity, Utah COLLEGEDial 3-27G5

Reconciliations (Concluded from page 161 discovered. There must be no bending of means or methods to bolster

up prejudice. An honest seeker.. LITTLE LIGHTafter truth must accept truth unhesi- A

tatingly when found, and yield full A little light on your insurance will undoubtsurrender to it. The truthseeker edly reveal the fact that you are greatly underThink what it would mean if fire truth. insured.must be singleminded—for property. destroyed yourErrors must be thrown out, however

appealing they may be to manmade appetites. CO. FIRE INSURANCE

agent in your town Only those who have thus tested UTAH HOMESee ourthe principles of the Gospel—for

example, the Word of Wisdom, tithHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

ing, or meetinggoing—-have any

right to pass opinion on them.

Others, who officiously render judgments on Gospel principles without spirit, in the correct outtrying them * SuccessIN Ahead to thebelong class are willing who PETER PAN to accept unsupported beliefs, who have, in every age, brought grief to THE ALL AMERICAN Beauty Culture the world. BeautyopportunitiesCulture fofferso r goldenQuishThe experimental method is aptrained operators. Plan to

enroll nowplicable in the and should be used largest and inschool—prepareUtah'sprofitableoldest successful, for a fieldfield of religion other as in every QUALITY FOOD AT REASONABLE career.

of human activity. Only then, can PRICES

a full conviction of its truth be won. QIIISH

"Practicing our religion"is the most PROMPT AND COURTEOUS SERVICE School of Beauty Culture direct method of gaining a "testi338"TheSo. BestMain,inPhonethe West"4-0313

mony of its truth,"and that should Salt Lake City, Utah be the constant concern of every illustratedFill in couponcatalog.for new

Latterday Saint.—/. A. W.

NORTHERN STATES MISSION ISSUES ALL THINGS COME—

CHALLENGE A Scotch professional golfer, after fourteen years of retirePresident Leo J. Mum of the Northern States Mission writes ment, has resumed the game. Evidently he found his ball.

in to the Era office as follows: "We desire to launch the final drive in the 194041 campaign early in February. Please SENSE OF PROPORTION

for sixty materials other receipt forms and send us sufficient intelligent,"said "If Mrs. weren't hens Newlywed, "how

this subscriptions."is 1,000 year goal branches. Our mission lay that exactly they eggcups?"fit our could eggs

Era workers will remember that Leo J. Muir was formerly

Stake, president of Angeles Los of their best records. set stake some up under whoseWe directionwish Brotherthat MARY'S IDOL

Muir every success and extend him our thanks for his energetic Mrs. Magee is not noted as a good cook. But her husband

missionary labors. says: "I know Mary adores me. She places burnt offerings

$> before me three times a day."

Thefinecaramelwhen I recipetried itin today.your December... issue turned out just STARTLING RESEMBLANCE

Helen McMahan, Henry Peck: "Do you think you can make a good portrait

Pond Creek, Oklahoma. of my wife?"

- Artist Schram: "My friend, I can make it so lifelike you'll

Burbank, Calif. jump every time you see it."

Dear Sirs: for dollars to order continue enclosing a two money are IDEA NOVEL We I it year. believe another expired subscription our Era

is the unsatisfactory, butter said dear,"so "Grocery young it will to issue not miss us the cause hope and with January we wife. "I decided that today our have would own."make we order. late our being issue with so an by

did her said "Oh, you!"husband. [in issue] late Ballard article the the Apostle January by The

I left "Yes, buttermilk to a bought ordered churn here and be subscription. year's cost the of the well Such worth was

it fresh regularly. nice to really butter?"have be Won't priceless to articles should that us and magazine as your make

to all Latterday Saints. Keep up the splendid work. We will always support you as much as we can. BREAD CAST ON THE WATERS

all in your and bless you so much may God Thank you "By George, that's what I call rubbing it in,"declared the are President Grant's always messages work. wonderful an poet.

inspiration to us. friend. his asked do you mean,""What

Mr. and Mrs. J. Richard Fluhman. "I sent this magazine and two poems they sent me back three."

Taber, Alta. SKIN DEEP

enjoy the Era and have always made it a helpful part WEof our lives. May God continue to bless those who have She wanted to be in the beauty chorus so she wrote an apit in charge that it may always be an inspiration and guide to plication, enclosed her photograph, and was asked to come for

all of us who need such inspiration daily.... an interview. Imagine her surprise when she was told by the

Mrs. Ray Harris. manager that she was too late.

# "Is"No,"the repliedpositionthefilled,manager,then?""Ishemeantasked. that you should have

Colonia Juarez, come when you had your photograph taken."

Chihuahua, Mexico.

Dear Editors: IT MIGHT HAPPEN AGAIN

I the top I should not help would have go over my stake IF realization of Mother: "Junior, why do you always come to the table with is a and that one thing accomplished anyway

what a truly fine magazine the Improvement Era really is. dirty hands? You know I always send you away to wash

I am enjoying very much my first experience as an Era Director them."

and welcome any suggestions you may have for someone who Junior: "Well, once you forgot."

It is it takes to sell that all in the work. seems new the Era in OR WHAT'S SCHOOL FOR? closely. subscribers the follow is to stake and check up our

Marza Lunt, Teacher: "How is it you cannot answer any of my quesJuarez Stake Era Director Y. L. tions?"

$> Pupil: "Well, if I could, what would be the use of my coming

Oregon State College, here?"

Corvallis, Oregon. BETTER ATMOSPHERE

Dear Editors:

Producer: script "Yes, your movie of your thanks is pretty good, but I magazine and the check for for a copy MANY don't believe it will get of Merit."any Award Thanks, poem, "Give my O Man!"May I also express appreciation for La Rene Bleecker's Author: "That's all right—I'd rather they said 'Why didn't

of he get an Award Johnson's "Armistice,"and Anna "There Is No Death,"both Merit?'"than 'How on earth did he get an

that?'of Merit for Award worthwhile. as especially of which I regard

Best wishes for continued success of Improvement Era. WARNING Beatrice B. Beebe.

$ "Yes, is it?"Teacher: Johnny, what Brethren: Dear

"I don't scare Johnny: but want to you, papa said if I didn't taking the Era. nonmembers ward OUR we

is better grades IN for licking."someone a due I get it like published. very finest magazine They havemuch-—thea few

have helped direct it [the campaign] for eighteen years. We PROFESSIONAL

went over the top long ago as you will see by your list of subscribers. Success to you. First Neighbor: "You say your son is making his way

John J. Sarbach, through college writing?"

Montpelier 4th Ward Director. Second Neighbor: "Yes, writing home for money."

mmimmmmimmimmmmiiM 1 IIIMIMUMWWM l nwmMIIW

...A TIME

So begin all stories. There is magic

in a tale well told to entrance people of all ages.

KSUs "Story Telling Time"dispenses this magic. The fairy stories

that have delighted countless generations live again. "Miss Anna,"the

storytelling lady, and her able cast dramatize the wellloved "Puss in

Boots,""Cinderella,""Jack and the

Beanstock"and other fanciful tales \v:

that live in all our hearts.

Join the children of all ages at

KSUs "Story Telling Time"every weekdav at five, except Saturday.

You'll welcome the familiar "Once

Upon a Time, long, long ago, when the world was very young.... "

aS&r'-i&F*'.- gHES

wm "All I ask is a windy day and the white m-Mwmm clouds flying,

And the flung spray and the blown spume, and the sea gull's crying."

If life's voyage were always as smooth

as the sea gull's soaring; if no ships

were wrecked, no hearts broken, no

pay checks cut off by old age or misfortune; if there were never any tragedies to break up homes or add to the

army of widows and orphans; if we

could all surely retire to "a sweet dream

when the long trick's over"... then,

perhaps, there would be no need for

LIFE INSURANCE

jgjBfojfei iniSiSlMHilglMlgi fAI

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City. Utah