RUTH MAY FOX

IMPROVEMENT

NOVEMBER 1953 A BOOK A MAN and A MESSAGE

PRESIDENT DAVID 0. McKAY

Every Latterday Saint Will Want To Read

GOSPEL IDEALS

Selections from the Discourses of

President David 0. McKay

It is nearly half a century since President David O. McKay first became

a member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles at the age of thirtytwo.

On the eightieth anniversary of his birth, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was honored in the privilege of publishing a book—Gospel Ideals—

selected from his writings and sermons of nearly half a century.

In this book there is a great breadth of solid, satisfying counsel, of insight and understanding, of undeviating principle coupled with honest inquiry, of hope and promise, of love and guidance for living.

One cannot read these pages without sensing that President McKay has had a long and providential preparation for the high office he holds.

The constancy of his counsel and the conviction of his testimony of truth will give guidance and comfort, encouragement and conviction for this, his own day, and far into the future.

Buy Gift Copies Now for Christmas

DESERET BOOK COMPANY BOOKCRAFT

And All Church Bookdealers THIS IS AN IMPROVEMENT ERA PUBTICATION & Church Books 1. MB3 MISSIONARY BIBLE

Persian Morocco leather bound and fabric lined.

11.00

2. Indexed edition. 12.00

3. TRIPLE COMBINATION

Book of Mormon Doctrine and Covenants Pearl of Great Price All in one volume, leather bound. 7.50

DQsere true; and (ACTUAL TYPE SIZE) LARGE PRINT TRIPLE COMBINATION Booh Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price. An excellent gift for older

readers, beautifully bound in leather and gold stamped. Family edition. 10.00

Christmas

Collection

5.QUADRUPLE COMBINATION

Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price and Give a book pact, edition leatherbound Missionary...Bible.a giftOnesurecomto

be appreciated. 20.00

6. ARTICLES OF FAITH

(Library Edition) Dr. James E. Talmage

The classic discussion of the principal doctrines of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. 2.00

NOVEMBER 1953 809 SEE PAGE 883 FOR MORE CHURCH BOOKSChurch Books 15. AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF 38. PARLEY P. PRATT

The life, ministry, travels, and excerpts from the writings of one of the truly great men of the Church. Illustrated. 3.00

16. BRIGHAM YOUNG,

THE MAN AND HIS WORK Preston Nibley Here is the intimate life story of the great

Mormon colonizer and leader... with special

stress on President Young's teachings from his

Ideals 17.letters andBRIGHAMsermons. YOUNG, 3.00 THE MAN OF THE HOUR

Selections the discourses from of D. Widtsoe Leah President O. David McKay Faith, courage, adventure and romance fill this

story of the spirit undauntable whose man and ninth of the President has shed Church Our foresight Saints led the to Salt Lake Valley. Rich

principles important gospel on much anecdotes. with 1.00

in his writings sermons. and The lightmany

in this offered selections enable work new to find in vol18. DISCOURSES OF one handy Church members

fine of the essence President McKay's ume principles. gospel Included insight into are BRIGHAM YOUNG

such subjects as: The Prophet Joseph Compiled by Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Smith, Priesthood and Its Work, The In this book Brigham Young speaks for himself

Church as a WorldWide Institution, Ward and shows the coherent system of faith which taught. It lived and shows applied Teaching and many other subjects. how he A he

gift. simple principles the of treasured 4.00 of the Gospel Jesus

Christ. 3.00

7. JESUS THE CHRIST 10. TONIC FOR OUR TIMES

Dr. E. Talmage James L. Richard Evans

into authoritative the be andConsidered most spiritual writings these refreshment are Genuine life Christ,spired of with the and biography inpractical timeless the wisdommission of demonstrating the of interpreted in terms Messiah religious teaching. moral sound herent in and revelation. scripture 3.00modern and

2.50 8. BOOK OF MORMON Other popular books in this series of

COMMENTARY, Vol. I Sunday morning "sermonettes"by

Eldin Ricks Richard L. Evans are:

This is a textwith-explanations approach to the

First division Book opening of the 11. AND THE SPOKEN WORD ofBook explanatory with Mormonof Nephi,... thecomplete 2.00

notes, pronunciation key, extensive and anbibliography. 2.00 12. AT THIS SAME HOUR 2.00 A MARVELOUS WORK9. BOOK AND A WONDER OF MORMON 13. THIS DAY AND ALWAYS TESTIFIES 2.00 Richards LeGrand

latterinspired in of story these the Gospel B. An Dr. Sidney Sperry 14. all help days. missionary important HILLS vital THE the author book by the UNTO An has made whoA

library. asset for This your live 2.00 work an forhome of for...Book thousands have Mormon who

series the entire is Give expertly one for an written spent especially welcome has book his by his who relectures.read books heard and The

field. in 1.75 the years missionsult of many of years research Dr. Sperry, of gift. one by

our best Church scholars, professor of Old Testament languages and literature at Brigham Young

University. 3.00

up40. -H Readings in

!;ii'iS LDS Church History Vol.I Restored William E. Berrett and

P. Alma Burton Church of a series of readings William E. Berrett fromThe first the best authenticated

attracsources in easy and an Written of Church history..

letters, brings editorials, this style, book tive private jour-.

nals, lay of the periodicals, grasp the within histories and the of story other original unique the writings. exAn

cellent fundathe people source and book for readerMormon L.D.S.

Church philosophy history religious students mental an...

all important has that addition prompted has which to every

L.D.S. library. by accomplished or been 4.00

... popular book them. Ais being

newly reprinted. 3.50 *M

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AND FOR YOUR CONVENIENCE THERE IS A MAIL ORDER COUPON ON NEXT PAGE 20. ADDED UPON 26. THE FIRST 2,000 YEARS 33. GOD'S COVENANT RACE

Cleon Skousen W. H. Anderson James Nephi Anderson its toto of kind bring the book, new A live people lives who of six intermingledThe details of in the the Patriarchal of single a the times firstvolume gether Old human From Testament in fulfillment to continued die in Zionand this to of to the days of chronicles generation, author time history logithe a the from Adam of the presentation life unique beyond.the areA cal questions It of basis the for divine the claims of answers power Abraham. many and 1.85 narrative. absorbing told inhereafter the of readers Old priesthood vfhich leadership longplagued Joseph have by Smith. made

Testament. 3.25 Further explained by an excellent chart. 2.00

21. YOUR FAITH AND YOU 27. ANCIENT AMERICA

Petersen E. Mark BOOK OF MORMON rare AND THE with Petersen, who, Elder by new bookA and S. Ferguson Thomas such discusses directness,insight and forthright

topics Worship?"R. Do Milton Hunter You. as "How.... Marriage""Juvenile and. in "CourtshipDelinquency"valuable the document and An important

to cites Neighbor"name of... "Loving this book Your a few. study Mormon, of the Book

Collected from his stirring Deseret News edistriking parallels with a sixteenth century Mexitorials. 3.00 can history, Works of Ixtilxochitl, with added historical and doctrinal information to aid the

reader. 4.00

22. DOCTRINE AND

COVENANTS COMMENTARY 28. THEDr. MarcusMORMONBach

interesting helpful opinion noted and nonMormon very by a of this edition revised useAnA writer Covconcerning of and the people Doctrine Church... our of theful aid in the study

in better unwritten story enlightening form, for with an supplementenants. A necessary

revelations dialogue his the between the young Morauthor andderstanding and appreciating given to the Church. Completely indexed. 5.00 mon friend. 1.00

29. RESTORATION

23. ESSENTIALS IN OF ALL THINGS CHURCH HISTORY Joseph Fielding Smith

favorite with all L.D.S. families. A must A Fielding Smith Joseph for 34. GOSPEL DOCTRINE 2.75 library. every Church of history and pointsThe vital and essential

F. Joseph Smith in chronological arrangeddoctrine, selected and 30. given revelations and THE OF TEACHINGSorder writings of F. Smith, sixth Sermons and Joseph the history. with interwovento. Smithwith doctrines Joseph..

... of the President teachings emChurch SMITH JOSEPH PROPHET 4.00

3.50 phasizing moderation. wisdom and Smith Joseph Fielding

24. EVIDENCES AND politics,Clarifyingobligationsthe Churchto standthe government,on such mattersresponas

interof other 35. HIS MANY MANSIONS every to RECONCILIATIONS, Vol. I sibilitiesesting subjects,of the familythis bookand isscoresimportant

Dr. John A. Widtsoe L.D.S. family. 3.50 Rulon S. Howells

is educahigher science? trustworthy DoesHow beliefs of thirteen concise of the comparison A in faith? Should the Gospeltion to tend diminish 32. FATE OF THE including Christian a leading denominations, typical of are love soldier These hisa enemy? of their 23 the varied on chart stands showing 2.25 lucidly discussed. briefly topics PERSECUTORS and68

... exquestions doctrinal important OF THE most

useful tremely for anyone who wishes to underSMITH JOSEPH PROPHET 2.25 beliefs others. of stand the TV. B. Lundwall

the personal of historical data on25. EVIDENCES AND A compilation RECONCILIATIONS, Vol. II testimony of Joseph Smith, his martyrdom, and

Dr. John A. Widtsoe the fates of those who persecuted him. 3.00 36. THE HOLY GHOST

(GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS) Oscar McConkie are the terms "Father"and "God"Why sources various are the volume in one handy Here for? Is earth several personages joy on appliedman

his personage Ghost, authority the Holy of on? and? These of Garden the Eden wastoWhere relation to his attributes, his and power, and challenging other questions answered aremany clearly subject vital Son. the the Father and A 2.25 clearly.thoroughly and

3.50 presented,

37.THE WAY TO PERFECTION

Joseph Fielding Smith principles and historiof doctrinal discussion A place the important justify cal themes which salvation for the living and the dead occupies

Voice of in the life of every Latterday Saint. 2.00 31. FATAL DECISION

Stookey Dr. Walter Israel's Prophets blazed Party who the of Donner story tragic The

year a to follow pioneers for the Mormon a trail

Dr. Sidney defeat frustration is of and story It a B. Sperry later.

From an L.D.S. point of view, Dr. mixed with heroism of epic proportions. 1.75

Sperry makes us acquainted with the important prophets of the TestaOld

... ment writings, their works and

interpreting their great messages for "generation. our 3.50

Church History and Modern Revelation Joseph Fielding Smith

the with use for reference work A twovolume the of Church"History "Documentary sevenvolume... made very usable by a most complete index.

understand, to read and Easy Church historyit fulfilsstudents.a needSet long recognized by

of two volumes. 7.50

NOVEMBER 1953 817 Best 43. BEYOND THIS PLACE 51. THE BEST SHORT

A. J. Cronin STORIES OF 1953

his confather, an injustly clear to seeks sonA Foley by Compiled Martha.. brutalized years 15victed murderer

collection of the very omnibus An Dramatic, walls.. prisonfor behind forgottenand of suspense, humor, best dramafiction a treasurehouse... 3.75 reading.suspenseful 4.00 mystery. and

44. THE SILVER CHALICE 52. THE POWER OF Thomas CostainAh exciting and inspirational story about the POSITIVE THINKINGCup used by Christ at the Last Supper. A story Norman Vincent Peale

of spectacular beauty, sight. Regular 3.85. NOW—power and spiritual 1.98inAthisguidepopularto confidentbestsellerlivinghas directedin a modernthousandsworld,to

successful, happy lives... an adventure in

45. THE ROBE living. 2.95

C. Douglas Lloyd readers, this is a 53. TIME AND TIME AGAIN 50,000,000Acclaimed by

hauntingly real portrait of Jesus and his effect James Hilton the sought ordinaryon men who 3.75. truths.his everlasting Regular andNOW—1.98received itsBrightbackgroundwith witofandEmbassyincidentandfullLegationflavored life.by

Time and Time Again flows on as smoothly as 46. KONTIKI its title, mounting to a startling climax. 3.75

Thor Heyerdahl the PacificSix men cross on a raft... a 54. A TREASURY OF THE

everspirit-lifting across voyage FAMILIAR seas spellbinding achanging 4300... mileto Ralph E. Woods 4.00. century. the 20thfrom Regular NOW—1.00escape containing only those poems, A welcome volume

47. SNOWFLAKE songs,letters quotations,familiar to speeches,all Americans.dramatic scenes 6.50and

Paul Gallico tale author enchanting Christmas by theAn who 55. MY AMERICAN Miracle. Small Thegave Goose and us The Snow 1.50 HERITAGE

Pannell Lucile Ralph and Henry48. LET'S KEEP

illustrating Collected songs, speeches and poems

... CHRISTMAS Life the dear to every of American Way

Catherine Marshall heart. 3.95

From the author of A Man Called Peter a new book, restating the spiritual meaning of Christ- 1.75 56. ONE THOUSANDmas.

BEAUTIFUL THINGS49. THE SPIRIT OF Marjorie Barrotvs

ST. LOUIS A handy book for those moments when the

Reof beauties nature creep into your thoughts, A. Charles Lindbergh

reading. freshing 3.75

storyThe courageous, true of one of mankind's great adventures as told by the man who lived it. 5.00 57. ONE THOUSAND

50. SO LONG AS LOVE INSPIRATIONALAudrey Stone MorrisTHINGS REMEMBERS Uplifting to the spirit... consoling to the

Russell Janney heart and mind, this volume offers thoughtful

By the author of The Miracle of The Bells, a selections for every mood. 3.75

joyful novel of love, hope and faith set against the backdrop of night club life and vaudeville circuits. 3.95

58. fhe ireatest faitK

Deseret Booh Co.

Fulton Oursler and;..., 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City, Utah i*y.*

April Oursler Armstrong FYjPflVfyV-i A the compelling,men who spreaddramaticthe wordstory ofthatJesusbringsin theto firstlife i 21 41 Gentlemen:

Christianity. ofdays Oursler Fulton filled 2 has 42 22

circled. itemsit Please send sincerity with direct, the simple warm and 3 23 43realability that have

( is Enclosed ) check, ( ) money order for rec- 4 such widewon 24 44 ognition his for 5 25 45other books The two

Greatest Ever Story 6 26 46 $ - -

The GreatTold and Writ- 7 27 47 Charge my account. Everest Book

ten. 3.95 8 28 48 Allow slight extra cost for C.O.D. orders.

9 29 49 10 30 50 NAME 11 31 51 12 32 52 STREET OR RFD 13 33 53 14 34 54 C ITY ZONE STATE 15 35 55 When ordering books by mail, please add 12c for the first 16 36 56 book and 4c for each additional book for postage and pack17 37 57 ing.

18 38 58 Residents of Utah add 2 percent sales tax.

19 39 Christmas delivery cannot be guaranteed unless orders are 20 40 received before December 1 5.

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA\ 7ZeOVAl$MP

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

S\ ne of the plants most sensitive to - light and dark is the cockleburr.

If the plant is exposed to 16 hours of light and 8 of darkness, no blossoms develop, but if the plant is given 15 hours of light and 9 hours of darkness, Its the firstthere are flowers within two weeks.

T17ith proper agricultural methods reallq VfFFRNT volcanic soils which are subject to erosion may often be cultivated on cracker in slopes of 50 percent in Java and Central

America. 25qears!

reports that the treehorn- Malayanf"1 arveth Wells, lecturer and explorer, bill foot a has a beak long, but because its tongue is so small, the bird has to throw its food from the tip of its beak up into the air for several feet to fall down the open mouth into its throat.

HpHE Egyptian Queen Nefertiti of the fourteenth century B.C. painted the

under lids of her eyes green, while the upper lids, lashes, and eyebrows were blackened with kohl made of antimony applied with an ivory or wooden stick.The orangered dye, henna, was used TownHouse

to colorfingernails, toenails, the palms of the hands, and the soles of the feet. 6tatMty PURITY "FJ ive inert gases—argon, krypton, neon,L xenon, in but and helium—found Here's a wonderful flavorvery small quantities in the atmosphere

are used in tube lighting in advertising you've never known before and for other purposes. Neon gas at a

small fraction of atmospheric pressure—because these are the first

when high voltage is applied across the crackers of their kind ever tube gives the familiar red color. Helium

gives white light—or golden if in a baked! There's no match

yellow glass tube. Argon mixed with anywhere for the tender krypton and a small amount of mercury

gives the blue while argon in an amber crispness... the freshtube gives off green light.

fromthe-oven texture...

f\N June 7, 1938 the sea water near of these delicious, golden- "La Jolla, California, had increased in two weeks from a noticeable disbrown ovals. They're just

coloration to a red approaching fresh right for two bites—with

that the red color blood. It was found

was due to a dinoflagellate Gonyaulax no crumbs!

polyedra Stein with about three million in each quart! W. E. Allen has also

noticed water off the Washington coast colored a dingy, reddish brown due to a discoid diatom a lighter and brown

Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello... Phoenix * elsewhere diatom. due to a plankton

NOVEMBER 1953 813 A Breakfast of GOVERMENT IN TRANSITION

HPhe year 1953 has seen the process of government in transition. It has by Dr. G. Homer Durham

been a turning point in world affairs VICE PRESIDENT, since World War II. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

In the United States of America, the

President party Republican and Dwight helps keep to power, ending isolation and oneworldism seem to be Eisenhower D. came

twenty years of the New and Fair gone. We are learning, like a child, you going! Deals. In the other great world power, that while the stove of world affairs

Stalin died, was replaced by Malenkov warms the body, it may also burn the as premier, with Molotov and Beria fingers. This realism is reflected in

forming a triumvirate. Within four domestic affairs. Wheat and farm

months Beria was out, and the world prices have dropped; the farmers know

was aware of strange events in the it; Secretary Ezra Taft Benson knows it;

Soviet Union. The Korean armistice but realism rather than calamityin August brought respite if not soluhowling is the order of the day.

tion and a new direction to affairs in 3. New Personalities—The "Politics"

Asia and throughout the world. The of Eisenhower.

return to office of Adenauer in Germany, Team play in administration; a

and the emergence of the West German slightly different methodology in deRepublic as the potential strong power partmental management; new personof western Europe, gave fresh impulse alities, true, from the business side,

to European unity as well as a new have made a difference in administraspirit. Hydrogen bombs tion. There has been

in the hands of both east less fundamental change

So delicious and and1953, westand theapparentreportedin indeathCongress,of RobertalthoughA. Taftthe

so easy with Carnation disclosure by a refugee will be felt in the next

Polish diplomat in New session. In the judiciary,

of Chief Justice INSTANT WHEAT! York of a Soviet timethe death

THERE'S nothing more satisfying than a table to "take the world"Fred M. Vinson gave

piping hot breakfast of nature's own by 1970 could not disMr. Eisenhower a trewhole wheatand so good, too, when you place the strong feeling mendous opportunity to

make it with Carnation Instant Wheat! that although the old change the spirit and atTHIS DELICIOUS morning treat not only problems remained, new faces and new mosphere of both law and politics.

delights everyone in the family—but Policies. in were it hands Emphases making some difference. 4. Newprovides muchneeded nourishment and

is Tax Washington. the difference? was What Was it There no RFC in toenergy help carry through long you

tiring days. Carnation Instant Wheat is more apparent than real? Was the amortization for new plants tends to

rich in the whole wheat values of thiagame the same, with only, here and shift economic interests in a more submine, niacin, phosphorus, and iron. there, a new player in the world linetle way to the Bureau of Internal

YOU'RE BUSY Carnation InstantWHEN up? the BIR Revenue. is now enHowever

jiffy, fixed in too can beWheat a! Cooks

tax doorto-door in its income A brief analytical look at the situagaged it's prein "no partially because time"cooked. tion in the United States, while insuffisurvey, and the public likes it.

YOUNGSTERS, especially, never need to be cient, may yet provide clues to the 5. The Shift Away from "Crisis"

coaxed once they've discovered the flavor answer and to whether there is any, Government.

of this genuine Northwest wheat! So, get even slight, difference. Partisans in Lindsay Rogers of Columbia first

Carnation Instant start Wheatand your both US political camps, by September called attention to the modern phenomfamily out with each morning a grand new breakfast! 1953, were making political "capital"enon, worldwide, of "crisis"governof what they insisted amounted to the ment in the early days of the* dictators,

difference. Adlai Stevenson and Harry more than twenty years ago. During

S. Truman addressed Democratic ral1953, Congress adjourned. What a

lies in Chicago, with Martin Durkin feeling, to see Senator Wallace F. Benand George Meany of the A.F. of L. nett riding through Salt Lake City in

echoing at key points. President Eisenhis own Ford, without a necktie—and

hower and Vice President Nixon replied so on, for ninetyfive Senators and 435 elsewhere. With favor to neither Congressmen throughout the nation.

camp, may we attempt here the followAdministration could settle down to the ing "objective"outline. What is difjob, and forget about the Hill—as could

ferent in Washington? the country—during the late summer

1. The world atmosphere. and autumn months. President EisenThe cold war goes on but with a hower spent August and September in

difference. Colorado. Fishing stories instead of

2. The domestic atmosphere. crises came out of the Rockies. These

The American people, reflecting Washthings symbolized the most significant ington or vice versa, show a combination change in years. The incumbents, vaSame Famous Family As Carnation Milk of wariness and confidence that is new. cationing, were, of course, as much theLmilkJ.

The wild fluctuations between myopic (Concluded on page 882) 814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lat's ffie finest part of the lettuce?

st- "MEAK17

iafs the find"paif of the fwna?

The choice

selected for...

f /i A>

'O -.

,<j\ m m(.4t (

W

MP/tWm C/fSS/O/S W0&7Z for strong, healthy bodies! More proteinrich, ounce for ounce, than practically

all 751 basic foods. More economical, too!

A Van Camp Sea Food packed by VAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY, INC., Main Office: Terminal Island, California

NOVEMBER 1953 815 \JfHcla I Lyraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF 'THE ERSTVOICE OF THE CHURCH"

Jhe Lhurcn of

'*saKaM&"j.88KSee&'!!; i.-- m&swmB

of oLatiefaaii Jalnti

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing C. JOSEPHSON MARBAEditor: Manuscript ELIZABETH Research Editor:MOFFITT

JR. ZOBELL, - "Today'sJ. Editor: IRIS Family"Editor:PARKERALBERT L.

Contributing G. ARCHIBALD HOMER DURHAM Jke Ccover - FRANKLIN Editors: LEE NIBLEY - A. PALMER

B. CLAUDES. HARRIS, B. PETERSENJR. - HUGHF. BENNETTSIDNEY SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

D. GILES - Advertising Business Manager: JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARRDirector: VERL F. SCOTT of ASisterfullcolorRuth reproductionMay Fox, whichof thewasportraittaken

especially for The Improvement Era by the Walter Lillian Studios, serves as the cover. This month, Sister Fox former

general president of the YWMIA, is one

The Editor's Page hundred years young.

Gospel Ideals.....President David O. McKay 825

Church Features

BUSINESS OFFICES AND Three 817 EDITORIAL Authorities Chosen New General

Street 50 North Main Question: Your Evangelists? are Pastors and What

Offices, St. 50 North Main

Y.W.M.I.A. St. Offices, 40 North Main YWMIA—An Organization to Build TestimoniesJoseph Fielding Smith 826 Y.M.M.I.A.

Marba C. Josephson 827 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—I Hugh Nibley 830 Copyright 1953 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaChurch Moves On 820 Presiding Bishopric's Page 870 Associationtion of the ofYoungthe ChurchMen's Mutualof JesusImprovementChrist of

Melchizedek Priesthood 868 Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, S2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

single copy.

Special Features Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 828 Ruth True Daughter in Zion Lucy Grant Cannon May Fox—A 1918.

S. Structural of the Design Nelson 834 Los Angeles The Temple.George

The Deseret Coal Mine Dorothy Dixon Harrison 838 ThesolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era butis notwelcomesresponsiblecontributions.for unMy Views on Education Henry P. Chung 840 All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient

The Spoken Word from Temple Square postage for delivery and return.

Richard L, Evans 852, 858, 860, 864

Exploring the Universe, Franklin These Times, Government In Change of Address notice required for S. Harris, Jr 813 of adTransition, change G. Homer Durham..814

ordering include please a change, Fifteen Whendays'Your Page and Ours..888 dress.address slip from issue a recent of the magazine.

Address changes cannot be made unless the old

Today's Family address as well as the new one is included.

Lucy Grant Cannon Has Food Growing Christmas Gift, and RibSpecialties, Too....872 bon Knowhow, Ruth Kytle 880

If I Were In My Teens, Ruth Help the Children Plan Early, National Advertising Representatives

May Fox 878 Leana Carlson: 880

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building ies, Poetry San Francisco, California

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

No Man Is Safe....Dorothy Clapp Robinson 832 Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

"Unto the Least I Elsie Chamberlain Carroll 836 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Frontispiece, On Viewing Geese Richardson 869 New York 17, N. Y.

DAVIS & SONS in Flight, S. Elizabeth Inez Sheldon Tyler....823 Seventeen, Norris

St. 879 30 N. LaSalle

of Poetry 824 Defenders Freedom, Bess Page Foster Illinois Chicago,

A Missionary's Report, Hortense Smith 882

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Three New General FREE GIFTS Authorities Chosen AND EARN 3 Vt% PER ANNUM ON YOUR SAVINGS Richard L. Evans

Themembersappointmentto the Generalof threeAuthorinew at the beautiful new offices of ties occurred at the concluding session of semiannual conference

Sunday afternoon, October 4, 1953.

Elder Richard L. Evans, a memberof the First Council of the Seventy UTAH SAVINGS

since October 1938, was sustained New Address Now as a member of the Council of the in that filling the vacancyTwelve, of 65 North University Ave. the passing byquorum occasioned

Elder Albert E. Bowen. Elder Hugh PROVO, UTAH

B. Brown was sustained as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve. A GIFT WITH EVERY NEWElder Marion D. Hanks was sustained

SAVINGS ACCOUNT OPENED!as a member of the First Council of FREE

the Seventy. For $50 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Shaeffers FineLine

Elder Evans interrupted his colPen OR Pencil lege education in the fall of 1926 to For $100 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Shaeffers FineLine accept a call to the mission field in Pen AND Pencil Set

Great Britain. There he served first For $250 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Sessions Electric

as traveling elder, next as associate Clock editor of the Millennial Star, and For $850 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - General Electric finally as secretary of the European Steam Iron

Mission. Returning to Salt Lake City For $1,500 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - Philco Table

he continued his university training Model Radio while being affiliated with the staff For $2,500 or more SAVINGS ACCOUNT - General Electric of Radio Station KSL. He soon beAutomatic ClockRadio

came the announcerproducer of the OFFER GOOD UNTIL DECEMBER 25, 1953

Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and OrLimit One Gift to a Family gan radio program, then in its infancy.

Over the years he has gained a worldMore Than 3,000 Families Save Regularly at wide reputation for his work and for his "sermonettes"with this now SunUTAH SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION day morning radio half hour, many 34 Years of Continuous Service of which talks have been compiled Savings Accounts opened by the tenth of the month earn from the first of the month—

into four books attaining national r UTAH SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATIONcirculation.

Currently a member of the UniUSE THIS 65Provo,NorthUtahUniversity Avenue of regents, ofversity Utah board Enclosed find or check money order for $ a COUPON university president of theformer with account. savings which a to open your to open at present Association, he isAlumni

is: gift desired The Account Savings Knifepresident of the Bonneville (Note: Be sure gift is in size classification shown above)

and Fork Club, and a past president by Mail

...of the Salt Lake Rotary Club. He has and get Name

served as director of Temple Square'FREE GIFT! Address

since the summer of 1947. City Zone State.

(Concluded on page 822) NOVEMBER 1953 817 STIMULATING! INSPIRING! TO BE RELEASED NOVEMBER 10th

The First 2,000 Years

By W. Cleon Skousen

Here Is the first book in the Church to bring together in a single volume all the known facts concerning the sweeping drama of the first 2,000 years.

It is the result of fifteen years of writing and research... and presents

all the known details of human history from the time of Adam to the days of Abraham—a period of more than 2,000 years. "The First

Two Thousand Years"is not only historical but includes a comprehensive treatment of the doctrines of the gospel as they were revealed from generation to generation. This volume covers discussions and

answers to more than 500 specific problems. A must for every

library!

$400 $100

This book has been compiled with loving care and dedication Here are the answers, courageously provided, to questions that to accurate reporting of President David O. McKay's wise and have long awaited authoritative answering. Elder Mark E.

steadying counsel through the years. These words written Petersen of the Council of the Twelve Apostles has traveled

and spoken by him during nearly five decades are for the widely in carrying the message of hope, courage and faith greatest and the least. For the church worker there is counsel to hundreds of thousands. Readers of this book will be

from a long - seasoned Church administrator and lifelong alerted to the untold benefits awaiting those who live by the teacher. For the young people there are welcome words from truth. A favorite adviser to youth and a speaker much in

an understanding friend. For parents there is guidance from demand, Elder Petersen's book reflects the same wisdom and

one who knows well the problems of parents. And for all there eloquence that has encouraged others toward right living

is food for the mind, for the heart, for the soul. and right thinking.

TREASURES UNEARTHED

By Ora Pate Stewart WnZARTSGl Just what the title implies! A veritable

treasure of information that will lead to a more complete understanding of

The Book of Mormon. Ora Pate Stewart again brings forth a book

sk* B ercmwr which will be treasured $1.00 byit. all those who read

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here Are Gifts Every LD.S. Home Will Cherish

GOSPEL SERMONETTES YOU'LL FIND NO GIFTS MORE APPROPRIATE THAN

Compiled by Dr. Milton R. Hunter Genealogy Supplies

This richly inspired No. 10 book

of Or. Hunter's con-, is a

tinuation of the beautiful BINDERS DELUXE:..

: in his passages compiled::: i: Beautifully mmimiWMiiMmmS'i durably and Strong made.

: -::: previous of book, "Gems service. metal hinge lasting for tiSSim: s a:...,.,.,,.....,,.....:: It Thought."har- a tively rust, colored leatherette covering—Attracad- vest counselis of wise blue, white. reinblack Heavily and Si:

general auvanced by to safely forced protect throughout "iiil thorities at congeneral records family your and -iiii;a:;i:i;:iiMiii

ferences over the past genealogical for forms &C f\f\ five years.

$1.00 If

JESUS No. 11

His Life and REGULAR BINDERS Teachings GoldIdaho,embossedCaliforniatempleor Arizona.binders forDesignedSalt Lake,to

accommodate genealogical forms. Black or

By Dr. Franklin L. West browngift! Eachleatherette cover. A grand ftoq>O.UUf\f\

This study ofis thea Savior.penetratingDr. No. 12

displays rare aWest SHEETS GUIDE in bringingability Personalize 10 sheets with guide your lifeChrist's teachand dividers Sacred of Remembrance,—Book theseMemintoings such sharp

ories, Life, Children, Married Our Our Ourfocus. revealing, Truly

Families, Life Friendship's Stories, Ancestry,this is timely book and

Stories Favorite Garden, Poetry and andbeneficial in our presActivities. Hobbies and Completeentday world.

instructions. suggestions and $3.50 with set, only Per $1.00

14 PACKET NO. 2 1 No.

Includes: THE AMERICAS No.Includes:13 PACKET3 5 FamilyNO. 50 Family BEFORE Group Sheets, 10 PediGroup Sheets and 15

Charts. Pedigree Charts, 5 Family gree COLUMBUS History Sheets, Per- 5 3 15 NO. PACKET No.

Sheets sonal Record Includes: Pedigree 65

Picture Farnsworth Pedigree By 3 Dewey and Charts.

Charts. 4 16 PACKET No. NO. This filled with book

Includes: 65 Family graphic a of a isdrama

Sheets. Packet Each Group $1.00 that existgolden empire

- ed twenty five hundred ago. years Enriched with No. 17

historicalthe Americaninformationpeoples,of LINE OF AUTHORITY SHEETS you'll find this volume With these beautifully executed Line of Authorboth educational and inity Sheets, you'll be able to trace authority teresting. from the present time back to Joseph Smith.

Sheets punched to fit all types of genealogical

-i $5.00 recordsuggestions.Set No. books.2: IncludesComplete16 differentwith sheetsinstructions<fc4> and I.JUjf/\

by W. Cleon Skousen $2.00 by Dr. Milton R. Hunter $3.00

22HIS No. MANSIONS MANY No. 19IN A SUNLIT LAND $2.25 S. Howells by Rulon

by Dr. John A. Widtsoe OF WILFORD $3.00 No. 23DISCOURSES

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr $1.00 Dr. G. Homer Durham $2.50

THIS USE CONVENIENT ORDER FORM $3.00 indicated: as each Please send the following books

No. of Book Quantity Price No. of Book Quantity Price

BIBLE STORIES

BOOK OF Cash: C.O.D.: Q

MORMON STORIES Name THE STORY OF Address City.. State.

OUR CHURCH For Young Latterday—ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL DEALER -

Saints

Children will remember these true heartstirring stories long after reading them. Rich and beautiful, all three books are filled with scriptural

lore of the Bible. theand Church history, the Book of Mormon 1186 SouthBookcraftMain Salt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1953 819 the Church Moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

Provo Eleventh 9; Ogden Thirty- Q President David O. McKay

August 1953 fourth 4 (third and sixth place). O reached the eightieth anniversary

Fairmont 5; Bennion 1 (fourth and of his birth, enjoying the best wishes

First M1 Presidency announced The his family, seventh place). members, and from Church -* -1- of Elder the appointment Hilton

leaders. First 14; Wellsville luncheon Plain 3 City community A noon

A. as of president Robertson the Japa- (fifth Sister [consolation] eighth place). was honoring and him and McKay

nese Mission, succeeding President Vinal Winners of the sportsmanship awards: given at the Hotel Utah under the sponpresidedG. Mauss, has over who Salt in City of the the senior Third Lake that Tucson Chamber division and sorship

formission the years. past four This

Salt division. of the junior Rotary in the Lake and Osgood Commerce

will assignment thenew fourth mark Club.

mission for Elder and Mrs. Robertson. 9 9 Elder Harold B. Lee of the CounGospel Ideals, selections from the disserved in missions ""cilThey beginof Japan the the dedicated Twelve courses of President David O. McKay,

in 1921ning presiding and were there of chapel the to the annex Tropic Ward, as of a publication released was The the mission in closed 1924.when was Stake. Panguitch (Utah) Era. Improvement

to 1936 in 1940 servedFrom they the fifth tenall-Church annual The Islands, affairs directingHawaiian of of the R. Milton Hunter 25 nis the opened tournament uponthe Japanese islands. Mission those from 10 PresidentFirst of the dediCouncil Seventy courts Salt of the Club. Tennis Lake called to wereThey the open Chinese of the chapel the cated Toadlena

Mission in Hong Kong in 1949, serving 9 A Linn Rockwoqd won the "A"Branch, Southwest Indian Mission.

in China and later in San Francisco's "division singles in the allChurch

Chinatown until early this year. The tennis tournament by defeating Jerry 1 1 The appointment of Mrs. Leone

Japanese Mission now comprises work Glade. He joined Ed Pinegar and they *- * W. Doxey as second counselor in

in Japan, the Philippine Islands, Hong defeated Jerry Glade and Hugh Brand the general presidency of the Primary

Kong, and Korea. for the doubles title. In the junior Association was announced. She suc-

1 C The appointment of Mrs. Helen division, Bob Walkinshaw won over Hy ceeds Mrs. Florence H. Richards, cur-

-1- ** Beth Woolley Henrichsen as genSaunders. Lynn Olsen won the boys'rently serving in the Great Lakes Miseral secretary of the Primary Associachampionship from Chip Smith. Charles sion, over which her husband Dr. Lorin

tion was announced. She succeeds Velma Rodman won the singles crown in the L. Richards, presides.

Hill who recently married Reed Lindveterans'division by defeating Jay sey. Eldredge; in the doubles matches here, 1 9 Elder El Ray L. Christiansen, AsHarold Bennett and Jerry Smith won *- "sistant to the Council of the

-| softball annual allChurch o The dedicated the chapel of the over Ivan Walton and Leo Jacobson. Twelve, * tournament opened at Glade Park California Fortuna Branch, Northern

in Salt Lake Ctiy. Mission.

September 1953 First the Presidency announced The ar- i President O. David McKay Q

* of ** SorenAsael T. appointment Elder in Salt his rived City from Lake Karl formerly Elder Wood, J. a sen, of president the East mission Los sitesdedicating tour. templeEuropean 4 of supervisor in the seminaries edupresi- Stake, as (California) Angeles softball tournament allChurch The of has cation the Church, department

Brazilian of the Mission. sucdent He its day.entered second of the Director Associate appointed been

S. PresiPresident ceeds Howells. Rulon

Institute of in Logan. Religion The seminary Institute personnel ando A in dent Sorensen Rexburg, born was

as of A. Tuttle Elder appointment Ted""beother educators Church and filled Brazil a to Idaho. mission He in of seminaries the a supervisor educaat conference threeday a Brighamgan is 1942. to 1940 wife the from His

of tion anthe department was Church University.Young Ida former the Lorene Mason, and his of the appointtime nounced. At softball in the allChurch Play Sister four daughters. couple have of the director Tuttle Elder ment, was continued.tournament girls their will Sorensen accompany and of Institute Religion, adjacent Church

9 9 Scores in the final games of the to the University of Nevada at Reno. Elder Sorensen to Brazil.

"annual allChurch softball tournaHis office will be in Provo at Brigham 1 President Fielding Smith Joseph 9 Elder University. Young Joy Dunyon,ment: *- ** dediof the Council of the Twelve of semisupervisor served as a has who

Junior Division (Age 17 and younger) naries for a number of years, will concated the building of the Bountiful

Emerson 15; Weston 6 (first and sectinue in that position. His offices will (Utah) Seminary.

ond place). continue to be at 40 North Main Street, Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council

Ogden Fifth 12; Bothwell 6 (third Salt Lake City. of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of

and sixth place). the Burlingame Ward, Palo Alto

Osgood 6; Layton Third 4 (fourth Elder Lloyd R. Hunsaker, former- (California) Stake.

6 ly second counselor in the Logan Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant toand seventh place).

Linda Vista 14; Jerome O (fifth and (Utah) Stake presidency sustained as the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the

eighth place). first counselor to President Henry R. chapel of the Dillon Ward, Butte

Cooper, succeeding Elder V. Allen Ol- (Montana) Stake.

Senior Division sen. Elder L. Ray Robinson sustained This was 100 percent (attendance)

Tucson Third 14; Long Beach Fifth 8 as second counselor in the stake presiSunday for the Sunday Schools through-

(first and second place). dency. out the Church.

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COOK THE FILLING BAKE THES/CRUSTS YOU NEVER BAKED AN

PUT TOGETHERTHATS ALL APPLE PIE SO EASY!

rWa6 5fc'U.'o CHOICE APPLE PIE

Choose any one of the 5 toppings below for this sensational new apple pie. All delicious!

All measurements are level. Sift flour before measuring

Measure into a large saucepan 1 cup apple cider 1 cup granulated sugar Bring rapidly to a boil. Then add

6 cups peeled apple (6-7 medium apples, cut in eighths) Cook, uncovered, over moderate heat just until apples are tender. Remove apples and to the remaining

liquid* blend in 1 tablespoon butter 1 tablespoon cornstarch, mixed with 1 tablespoon lemon juice Bring to a boil and cook until smooth and thickened, about 2-3 minutes. Then add the cooked apples to

the thickened sauce and turn filling into a baked 9-inch pastry shell Place on top of filling a baked 8-inch pastry round Press top down lightly then let stand until cooled slightly. Serve with desired sauce. 6 servings.

*There should be about iy cups liquid. If less than this

amount, add cider to make up to 1 J cups.

PastryAny recipe bakes Measure into a mixing bowl better with Vj>3 tablespoonscup shorteningcold water 1 salt teaspoon together with THIS YEAR Blend and absorbs part of water. Then add all at once—GIVE FOOD fork until shortening is creamy

IV2 cups sifted Sperry Drifted Snow Flour

Martha Meade says:

its until circular shape. holds with pastry motion, bake is a gift Stir,

floured quickly board, out on lightly Turn the heart."ball. off into a and about the dough smooth Cut or double your "a giftfromyou %pressing

roll out until it extends about x/2 inch beyond rim of a pie plate (9 inch diameter, 1M1M inches deep). money back! Fold pastry in half, lift quickly and place in pan.

Unfold, and gently press in place with no air pockets

Try it! Use this famous, reliable flour in beneath pastry. Prick bottom and sides of shell libany recipe you like. Then check results. erally with a fork to allow steam to escape during

If you don't honestly agree that Sperry baking. Build up a fluted edge, or finish edge as deDrifted Snow Flour bakes better than any sired. Bake 1012 minutes in a preheated hot oven,

allpurpose flour you have ever used, send 450, or until shell is a rich golden brown. Roll the

into pastry a circle, 8 inches Place diameter. slip sales purchase of remaininggrocer's showing using and, a sheet a fork, baking on prick through Flour, to Sperry San FranDrifted Snow it servings. dividing into the 6 pieshaped dough Brush

cisco 6, and get double your money back. top evenly with thin cream. Bake 8-10 minutes in preValuable Silverware Coupon in Sack heated hot oven, 450, or until a rich golden brown.

—Save these coupons. Get lovely Queen Toppings

Bess pattern silverware in Tudor Plate.

Made by Oneida Community Silversmiths. ened,OrangestirringCream:constantly;Blend togetherJ/j cupandorangecookjuice,until thick-1 tsp.

Martha Meade's failureproof recipes grated rind, Y% cup sugar, 1 tbsp. Drifted Snow Flour,

for cakes, pies, desserts and casseroles in 2 egg yolks and a dash of salt. When cold, fold into

your Sperry sack, too. Y% cup whipping cream which has been beaten stiff.

Mincemeat Hard Sauce: Cream until blended; XA

cup soft butter or margarine and 2 cups sifted powdered sugar. Add lA cup mincemeat and beat well.

Sauce: Use Hard M cup finely chopped canFLOUR Fruited SNOW \rriV DRIFTED in place died fruits mincemeat. of the enriched "HOMEPERFECTED"

"DRIFTED SNOW,""MARTHA MEADE.""SPERRY.""HOMEPERFECTED"

RESISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC. Rich Lemon Sauce: Blend and bring to boil; % cup

sugar, 2 tbsp. Drifted Snow Flour, 2 tbsp. butter,

You are invited to join Martha Meade's Recipe Exchange Club 1 cup water, a dash of nutmeg and salt. Simmer 3 min.

thickened. until Add 3 tbsp. lemon juice and 1 tsp. framing, suitable for news to maker's Creed good club is devoted homemakingThis grated lemon rind. projideas, Club give recognition to about food, homemaking food. It aimsand good

recipes with other exchange ects to contributing and the enjoymentto women memCinnamon Candy Sauce: Add M cup cinnamon "red Full details living. bers. on recipe Join today! traditions of friendly westernandAs a member you get a beautiful Homefolder in Sperry Drifted Snow Flour sack. hots"candies to Rich Lemon Sauce.

NOVEMBER 1953 821 Three New General

Authorities Chosen

(Concluded from page 817) Elder Evans married Alice Ruth

Thornley in 1933. The couple have

four sons, Richard L., Jr., 18; John,

15; Stephen, 12; and William, 9.

Elder Hugh B. Brown is a native of

Salt Lake City, but spent his youth in the LDS settlements of Canada.

He served as president of the Granite (Salt Lake City) Stake for nine years.

In 1937 he was called to preside in the British Mission, and was there directing Church affairs when World

War II broke out. During the war

Hugh B. Brown Marion D. Hanks

he served as coordinator of LDS servicemen, working with fifteen, assistant coordinators, who traveled among the thousands of Church members then in the service. He was

reappointed to the British Mission in 1944, serving there as president until 1946. Then until 1950 he was

professor of religion and coordinator of veterans'affairs at Brigham Young

University. At that time he returned

to private law practice. He was in

Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, at the time of his call as an Assistant to the

Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to Council of the Twelve.

you as fresh as the day they were packed Elder Marion D. Hanks filled a

in twicesealed Flavotite cartons or to bags. mission the States Northern from

resn They n ld + e 'r natural and good- s "aY 1942 to 1944, served in the and nPut, a,bowlful,r i ofr Plumpm and i kMeaty, l US, +as+e> ness and Try fhem +od

California Seedless raisins on your Navy from 1944 to 1946. He has

table. It's a taste delight... been principal of the Salt Lake City

brimming with nutrition, too! NaWest (high School) seminary since

ture's own confection. 1947 and has also been affiliated with

the Institute of Religion at the University of Utah. He has been asLook for Re4 and Yellow Package sistant director of the Bureau of In- % formation on Temple Square since

1948, directing approximately 125... afwur tfrvaer 's guides the story of the who tell

Church to those who visit at "the

Crossroads of the West."

SAVE! Buy the economical two and four While in the navy Elder Hanks met

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite. Maxine Christensen in Hawaii. He

Iceep! They

returned to the Hawaiian Temple in

August 1949 to marry her. The

1953 VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA coupleSusan GayhaveandtwoNancysmallMarie.daughters,

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Hal Rumel

On Viewing Qeese in Flight

,bove the city streets, thronged mile on mile,

They moved serenely, strung in single file,

Dependent not on earth... so high, so far;

No threat of alien forces seemed to mar.

Though prisoners of macadam and stone,

However jaded earth becomes in tone,

One still may breathe the freedom of the air;

Day's dawning brings renewal everywhere.

Be connoisseurs of skies; emerge from sod;

View sunsets painted by the hand of God.

by Inez Sheldon Tyler

NOVEMBER 1953 823 THANKSGIVING

By Hallie Holmes

had no turkey yesterday, WE No pumpkin pie, and such,

But seems to me, I'm glad to say

We had just twice as much.

HOLIDAY EVE AT GRANDMA RETURNING PILGRIMS We had the family, safe and well,

MEADE'S Dear friends to say hello,

By Pauline Tyson Stephens A fire to cheer us, keep us warm,

By Vonna Hicks Adrian And time to watch the embers glow.

tree pear strewed our pathway The snowwhite myriad With Bible, for prayer. a time open petals; An

old outward, swinging gate, TheH'er NowhouseGrandmaguests sentMeadeto bedis inat commandlast, the choice freedom The and

Of her own place again. All day Clanged music with its metals. To sit quietly and meditate

Those grownup girls had bossed her, Or if moved, lift up our voice.

banned The daisies in the garden

Danced in wild elation; Unafraid to worship God

Her from her kitchen with a shove: The willows waved green pennants Aloud, yes, any way.

"Please, Mother, go sit down! Let us In joyous celebration. I'm thankful for that privilege,

for stuffing the pies! bake andCube bread On each Thanksgiving day.

this fuss should have all youWhy From all its sunlit windows

The old house smiled its yearning "And bother? That's why we are here. To share its rest and comforts

Now go sit down!"They needed her, With pilgrims now returning. SONNET FOR AN EMPTY WHEEL

It seemed, to answer, "Where d'you keep CHAIR

The sieve?—the wooden spoon to stir

By Nacella Young "The sauce?"But that was all. So now

calicoAt ten till midnight, the the pictures from beddown KEEPSAKES Take black, coveringApron "company"wall room sculptor icebox her shapesThe the scrapbooks. Cook Deavec burn dough By Emily And have They

their day, served rise. rolls sets breakfast to herAnd

shelf, closet is all, upon the FOUND stricken proved my Having not body soft big,Those with buns cinnamon lay childish the dark, the storybooks elf And a little away. sweet I Deep in frost trick the turn top willWhite on

filled least, to to read, at learned the brim could not He box who A button treat a morning! SuchTomorrow

With memories that had grown dim. run,

I to see desert, took colored And so roamed when it down sea, and And provide. but can one GrandmaNo

if three or there places were Perhaps two she so kneads Aglow hums. andAnd

that day, I could that sent use Buttons And to fly above his mind the sun craft pride in Meade,With is Grandma array out in proud I spread them And looked on ancient and historic faces.An artist in her studio.

chair. near the table on There my

Their magic seemed to fill the air. Since there's survival, he will look for one

They weren't just buttons of days past, No longer by the heavy body bound,

PURPLE HEART But symbols of the things that last; Who set the measure for the world he led.

to say: silent button is seemed Each courage, Courage a thing well and done

By Alma Rohison Higbee please, ever, throw away."Is "Don't me brother's a handclasp, worth whether

until low; the sat fire burned found

of said, his bravery, they symbol the inward heart with warmed glow In White IMy House walls or on a farmhouse

I eyes laughing with remember But him dear growing memories happy Of bed.A

his see the feet have whereAnd meadow year. passing each with golden And

sped As he and his dog played under these peaceful skies, FIRESIDE FANTASY

The little black dog that will ever be a part

Of the boy who fought... and won a purple AUTUMN BOUNTY By Ethel Jacobson

heart.

]. Miles Eunice By sit fire lazily the by and dream, Let's for to longer a the wait postman's needNo bright the Here leap where flames and

call; is syrupcup the gleam, Autumn

littleI shall the that write not wren brown glory, opulent summer's Of as in the best Snug bugs two Beauvais, is back, gesture final Earth's crowning cookies, our toasting Munching our hey,

I for hall footsteps his yet, the wait inAnd blows. winter bleak Before are scrambling you up What for now? as the as house each has sad grownThough us ripe enthral slow days The is paper burning, The anyhow,

lack, day's lull into us dreaming And in just a sure, pet, I'm And moment my lonely, useless purple are things heartsFor the corpse will never shape time That it's will kindling too The not catch—if youthful eager boysFor dreams whose had bitter snows. Of silent wet,

wings. the they're too even not green And logs—if

And you've left enough air spaces in between.

GRANDFATHER PLANTING BULBS THE LAST ONES Sit by the fire, feet on the fender,

By Jane Merchant By Geneva I. Oldroyd CosilyBut nowtalking,it's themerrybellowsandyoutender.man—in vain.

He Dry,is as withereddry and bulbswitheredhe placesas theinbrown,a row brought in the last of the "mums,"toYouYou jigglewield thethedamperpoker—andwith mightevery andpokemain.

In the soft earth, pressing them gently down, I day, Nets a film of soot and a cloud of smoke

Sharing a secret bulbs and old men know. Out of the rain and the snow. And a shower of sparks that is brave to

I had left them, long, in their garden place, see.

Aware he may not see them at the hour For they're happier there, I know. But is anything burning? Only me

Of bloom, he rests content, his slow task Who wanted to sit by the fire and dream done, But now that storm and cold must come, And watch as the bright flames leap and

Knowing that earth is kind, and life will Since it's late in the month and the year, gleam flower I must bring them in; great armfuls, at And I will, when I find some bright cub

From withered husks, triumphant in the last, Scout sun. For their beauty brings comfort and cheer. To build one for me that won't go out.

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t"?5s5;>Sv5>33&5v3:S3 M:

Gospel Ideals*

by President David O. McKay

Love of God and of his righteousness is shown in mind that that which is most worth while in not in words but in works. life requires strenuous effort.

... the gospel of Jesus Christ is the crucible One of the most deadly weapons of warfare is

in which hate, envy, and greed are consumed, the poison gas. Slander is to a child's confidence

and good will, kindness, and love remain as inner in Church authorities in undermining character, aspirations by which man truly lives and builds. what poison gas is to the physical body. Now

that is putting it strongly, but I believe it is true.,

One outstandingly distinguishing feature of this

Church is divine authority by direct revelation.

One of the greatest benefits derived from meet- I appeal to youth to be courageous in maintaining together is the experiencing of new and uping the moral and spiritual values of the gospel lifting thoughts and feelings. These thoughts of Jesus Christ.

and feelings are not always those expressed by the speaking. Words do not convey thought—they

listencall while but those who, only up thought;

I have said to teachers on more than one ocfeelings ing, or noble experience thoughts new always derive one of the greatest blessings that casion: If you will give your classes a thought,

come to those who meet together. even one new thought during your recitation

period, you will find that they will go away satisfied. But it is your obligation to be prepared to

Peace is not found in selfishness, but in strivgive that new thought.

ing to help make the world better and happier.

The family gives to the child his name and

... of selfmastery, to the virtue I you commend standing in the community. A child wants his

if fulfil true of your life the measure you would in subduing, in order to realize the ideal, the family to be as good as those of his friends. He

spiritual development of your soul. wants to be able to point with pride to his father

and feel an inspiration every time he looks at his mother. It is a mother's duty so to live that

... too many of our young folk respond to the her children will associate with her everything

call of the physical because it seems the easy and that is beautiful, sweet, and pure. And fathers,

natural thing to do. Too many are vainly seeking even the poorest of us, from a financial standshortcuts to happiness. It should always be kept point, may so conduct our lives as to be able to

*Excerpts from the book Gospel Ideals by President David O. McKay. give our sons a good name.

cCicycscl Acscncv>cn(7sCn>cs sJL/Cf 1/1/ \J I %3 Ji Ct>C(/

NOVEMBER 1953 825 by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

What Are Pastors and Evangelists?

"Why do we not have pastors and evangeFrom these passages you will see that it is lists in the Church as mentioned in the clear that the Lord has reference to the priests

Prophet Joseph Smith's thirteenth Article of and rulers over the children of Israel and not

Faith? If they are other names for bishops to an order, or office, in the priesthood. The

and missionaries, why then don't we call Prophet Joseph Smith was following Paul's exthem such?"pression (Eph. 4:11) and had reference to those

who had jurisdiction over the flocks (Jer. 23:1-2),

say truthAnswer or branches of the Church. We can

fully that a bishop is a pastor; so is an elder who

has charge of a branch of the Church, or a president of a stake who has direction of a number Theone dictionaryeven from definitionour understandingof a pastorofisthisa correctterm; of wards and branches.

it is "a Christian minister who has a church or congregation under his official charge."The According to the dictionary and the generally

term pastor does not refer to an order in the accepted view of the word, evangelist, it is "a priesthood, like deacon, priest, elder, seventy, and preacher who goes from place to place holding so on, but is a general term applied to an officer services especially with a view of church reis a "preacher of the gospel."The who presides over a ward, branch in a mission vivals."He

or a stake, and it could even be applied to a presiterm, evangel, means gospel, or good news.

dent of a stake. There are several references to Now consult your dictionary* further and you

pastors in the Old Testament, particularly in the will find this: "A Mormon officer of the MelBook of Jeremiah. I quote one or two of these chizedek or Higher Priesthood, whose special

showing that this is a general term applied to function is to bless."After reading this, turn to

the priests and teachers in Israel, and not to an page 381, Volume 3, of the Documentary History order of the priesthood: of the Church, or to Teachings of the Prophet

"And I will give you pastors according to mine Joseph Smith, page 151, and you will find the heart, which shall feed you with knowledge and Prophet's explanation in relation to the evangeunderstanding."(Jeremiah 3:15.) list. In case you do not have these books I will

"For the pastors are become brutish, and have quote the passage for you.

not sought the Lord: therefore they shall not "An Evangelist is a Patriarch, even the oldest

prosper, and all their flocks shall be scattered."man of the blood of Joseph or of the seed of

(Ibid., 10:21.) Abraham. Wherever the Church of Christ is

"As for me, I have not hastened from being a established in the earth, there should be a patripastor to follow thee: neither have I desired the arch for the benefit of the posterity of the Saints,

woeful day; thou knowest: that which came out as it was with Jacob in giving his patriarchal

of my lips was right before thee."(Ibid., 17:16.) blessings unto his sons."

*See Funk & Wagnall Standard Dictionary.

ly&MjJL5

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A group of girls and leaders from Liberty Stake enjoying one of the first summer camp outings.

dency and aids until September 6, 1891 when the report was made, "The YWMIAAn Organization general officers of the YLMIA met for the first time in the capacity of to Build Testimonies officersAt firstmeeting.the YWMIA..."met in one

group, but by 1909 it was decided by Marba C. Josepbson that more effective work could be

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR done by dividing the groups into a junior and a senior section, with lesWhenBrighamon YoungNovemberencouraged28, 1869,his spread,ing of withassociationsthe resultantthroughoutmushroomthe sonAlsoguidesin thesuitablebeginningto eachtheageMutuallevel.

daughters to establish a Young Church. was strictly a winter program, alLadies'Retrenchment Society, later These organizations selected their though from the outset the wards and

to become the YWMIA, he received own officers, chose their own courses stakes were concerned with the young inspiration that has touched the lives of study, and were separate entities, women who were left without guidand molded the hearts and minds of having no relation to each other. ance during the summer months.

innumerable thousands of the young President John Taylor saw the need The stake workers wrote in to the women of the Church. During the for a guiding hand, so in June of general offices, urging summer activorganizational meeting, President 1880, he called Elmina S. Taylor to ity. The stakes were encouraged to

Young said, in part, "There is need become general president of the make their own plans and submit for the young daughters of Israel to YWMIA. It was with genuine hesithem to the general board for

get a living testimony of the truth.*** tancy that she and her counselors, (Continued on page 855)

More testimonies are obtained on the Margaret (Maggie) Y. Taylor and

feet than on the knees. I wish our Martha (Mattie) Home (later to be-

.girls to obtain a knowledge of the come second general president as

Gospel for themselves. For this purMartha Home Tingey), took their

pose I desire to establish this organoffice as directors of all the Young ization and want my family to lead Women's associations, with Louie out in this great work."1 Wells as secretary and Fanny Y.

When news spread of the organiza Thatcher as treasurer. Their intion in the parlor of the Lion House, herent humility is reflected in the

interested young women organized admonition they gave to their stake similar societies in their wards. The and ward leaders: "When young lady

growth of the movement was a officers are asked to preside or to sit gradual one, blossoming from the seed upon the stand, they should accept planted November 28, 1869. Lona such invitation, no matter if it be a

Pratt, who lived in the Nineteenth trial."Eventually others were called

Ward, learned of the organization to assist in the work of directing the and called the girls in her area toMutual; they were first called "aids,"

gether and organized a Young Ladies'and later the general board. The

Retrenchment Society. And the work general organization was still rather

there a flexible no one since were The sleeping quarters of the girls at sumpresi- of the general meetings camp. mer NewsSusa Press,YoungSaltGates,LakeHistoryCity, ofUtah,the YLMIA,1911, p. Deseret9. formal

NOVEMBER 1953 827 Ruth May Fox (center) with her family: front row, left to right, Beryl F. Evenson, Ruth C. Taylor,

Vida F. Clawson, Florence F. MacKay; back row, Feramorz Y., H. Lester, Frank H., Leonard Grant, George

J., and Jesse M.

Ruth May Fox—A True Daughter in Zion

by Lucy Grant Cannon FORMERLY GENERAL PRESIDENT Y.W.M.I.A.

Sister Fox, beloved leader and friend, where is there an- "Born in obscurity, reared in poverty"but rising through other such as you? all the vicissitudes of toil, pain, and sorrow to a pinnacle of

Your life and your words have been a constant inspiration majestic eminence you have reached a place among the truly to thousands upon thousands of the youth of Zion, your friends, great.

posterity. large yourand love you, esteem. you in high you we honor and hold We rejoiced in the gospel born of Jesus were of parents who You that your is written in the know Book Lamb's name of also We yours was theirs testimony was which theChrist, and

at an early age. Life and that each generation as long as the earth stands will

Your soul's desire has been to see "Zion in her beauty rise,"remember you: a daughter of Zion, who fought the good fight

and your life has been dedicated to help in building the and who is entitled to reap the reward of those who served kingdom of God on earth. and loved the Lord.

month as my Reader's Digest Each comes I usually look through the contents, find the "Most Unforgettable Character"sketch and read that first.

I seldom read the article without thinking, "I know many unforgettable characters, and the one woman I would like to see in this magazine is my dear friend, Ruth May Fox, the most wonderful woman I have ever met."I have known Sister Fox since childhood. My dearest friend as a

child was Verna Young. Her father's

brother lived across the street from the Fox home, and many times as a little girl I went with Verna to visit her cousins, and we would go over to the Fox home to play with Sister

At the age of three years. As a young lady in her teens. Fox's daughter, Daisy. Even though

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Highlights in the Life of Ruth May Fox

By Feramorz Y. Fox

19 years growing up. the enrolment from her own home. In politics she campaigned.

40 years rearing a family. In MIA she did committee work, wrote lessons, visited stakes

19 years an officer in the Primary Association. and wards, and had her share of assignments to places remote

42 years an officer in MIA. and difficult to reach.

26 years a missionaryguide on Temple Square. In Red Cross and Travelers Aid she nursed in homes during

31 years with Red Cross. the flu epidemic; rolled bandages during war, and fed and

12 years with Travelers Aid. entertained soldiers passing to and from the camps.

12 years of active political participation. On Temple Square she taught thousands, corrected mis-

8 years on the board of the Deseret Agricultural and Manuunderstandings, allayed prejudice, and won friends for her facturing Association, and some years in the Utah religion and her people.

Woman's Press Club, The Reapers Club, the Social In retirement she uses time profitably. She listens to the

Welfare League, and the State Historical Society, in newscasts, is quite aware of what goes on in this troubled addition to others. world, reads by the hour, remembers friends who are con209 years fined at home and visits them; is regular in attendance at

sacrament meeting. centuries. of couple a than more adds up to activity This

visits she descendants; them, her knows count doesn't She was is all Fox that it Ruth May about thing amazing The

in increase in the delight steady takes numactive them, with and exemplifies statistic. She or a a rarely mere figurehead

reader the are there 230, press but to goes As this duty. She bers. and work amidst up grew She participation.

walked beside the wagon while others rode; she worked in will do well to add one or two likely to be reported in the

the factories; she bore children, a dozen of them, and cooked next mail.

and sewed and scrubbed for them and nursed them; reHaving fully filled the measure of her creation she is

strained, directed, taught, and inspired them; "allured to happy in life and is ready for occupancy of one of the manbrighter worlds and led the way."sions in her Father's house. But unless restrained by some

She was not merely an officer in the ward Primary; she pregreater duty, it is safe to predict that she will use it only

pared the lessons, taught the classes, and added noticeably to as a place from which to start.

I was very small, Sister Fox made a real impression on my mind. I

thought she was the busiest, most capable person I had ever seen; she

seemed to have endless energy.

Years passed, and I was a young mother chosen to be a member of the

YWMIA general board. At the first

meeting of the board which I attended I looked around in awe. Most

of the women I knew, some intimately, others just slightly. I felt

meek and humble meeting with these older, experienced workers. At that

first meeting I decided that Ruth May

Fox was the most outstanding member of the board; and she should be my

pattern; she was a born leader. She

had the qualifications of leadership for a Church organization. She was

a true Latterday Saint; her testimony was unshakable. She loved the

gospel, and her happiness in life came from service in her Church.

She had been associated in the

MIA from its inception and was ready to accept any suggestion which would facilitate the work.

She was full of ideas. She had

an alert mind, and it was in constant use. She named the Gleaner Girls;

she wrote the words for a score of songs. The one which has become

worldwide, "Carry On,"was written for a Sunday evening service given by M Men and Gleaners in the

Tabernacle in 1930.

She has the most remarkable (Continued on page 842) \ Mtj- "Fryv HrpsMl for nionwr of*h*brsitiOii"lv\ 1947

NOVEMBER 1953 829 New Approaches to BOOK OF MORMON STUDY

by Hugh Nibley PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Part I Some Standard Tests the short time since the appearInance of two series of articles in the Era under the titles Lehi in the Desert (1950) and The World of the Jaredites (1951-2), 1 * a number of important discoveries and significant studies have come forth, bringing new and surprising light to the study of the authenticity of the Book of

Mormon. By a fortunate coincidence,

the new materials are particularly pertinent to answering the objections of those critics of the Book of Mormon who have found the abovenamed studies hard to accept. But

before we take the cover off, we Oliver Cowdery David Whitmer Martin Harris must remind the doubters of certain THE THREE WITNESSES TO THE BOOK OF MORMON responsibilities.

It would seem that those who original; all without exception were put forth by Friedrich Blass in his

would attack the Book of Mormon copies of copies. For four hundred classic work on hermeneutics and

are now forsaking the dangerous years the main business of "scholarcriticism, which remains the "standard ground of tangible and objective eviship"has been to produce from the work"on the subject. 3 The rules

dence to set up their artillery on the materials at hand texts which would given by Blass are all obvious enough eminence of moral and philosophical most closely correspond to the lost to experience and reflection, but every superiority. Their arguments are of originals, sifting the true from the one of them is a stumbling block to

a sweeping and general kind and false by a strenuous and exacting the superficial critic, and they have suffer from the fatal weakness of discipline. 2 With the accumulated all been scrupulously avoided by

overlooking entirely the wellestab- wisdom and technical experience of those attacking the Book of Mormon.

lished rules of textual criticism. Since centuries it should be possible in our To begin with, says Blass, "We

these rules seem to be virtually unday—as it should have been in have the document, and the name of

known to many, yet have a vital Joseph Smith's—to give the Book of its author; we must begin our exbearing on the problem of the Book Mormon the full treatment. It seems amination by assuming that the auof Mormon, a few words illustrating strange that such a controversial book thor indicated really wrote it."You

their application are not only in order should never have been subjected to always begin by assuming that a but also long overdue. So the dis- a systematic application of the rules text is genuine. 4 What critic of the

coveries must wait until we have of textual criticism. That may be Book of Mormon has ever done that?

settled some preliminary points. because textual critics are very few One can hear the screams of protest:

One of the bestestablished disciand have always thought they have "How unscientific! How naive! How

plines in the world is the critical exhad more important work at hand, hopelessly biased!"Yet to the expeamination of written texts to detect but whatever the reason, the fact rience of the centuries Blass adds perwhat in them is spurious and what is is that all criticism of the Book of fectly convincing reasons for his

genuine. The revival of learning Mormon in the past has been suspishocking rule. It is equally biased to

came with the discovery of quantities ciously superficial. accept or reject a text at first glance,

of ancient documents resurrecting the To illustrate this claim and not to but still one must assume at the outglories of classical antiquity, but not undertake a thorough investigation set that it is either spurious or genuine one of these manuscripts was an at this time, let us briefly apply to if one is to make any progress.

'Numbers refer to bibliography at end of instalment. the Book of Mormon the main rules As Jacoby, the foremost authority

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on Greek historical writing, observes, a lucky coincidence, devoid of any hypothesis is to be put aside without "No great historical writing was ever real significance. But if I assume hesitation in favor of the simple appeal

produced sine ira et studio"—in that it is true, then any suspicious to the actual remains of the writer."

other words, without partiality—one passage is highly significant and casts Even in explaining mistakes and

must take a stand on something if suspicion on the whole thing, no blunders in a document, we are told, one is to lift or move anything. matter how much of it is right. fraud is always the last theory to turn

An open mind is not a mind devoid Whoever refuses to accept the origto, for forgery "must always be based of opinions, but one that is willing to inal claim of a document's origin, "is on the assumption that we are dealchange opinions in the face of new under obligation"says Blass, "to suping with vicious jugglers and coiners, evidence. If we must assume someply in its place a credible explanation"to whom the critic, whenever it suits

thing about the authenticity of the of its origin. In doing so, he warns his interest, imputes a degree of cunBook of Mormon at the outset, why us, we must be on our guard against ning equal to his own. In reality such

not assume that it is false, as its "assuming the existence of forgers a breed of forger is simply a product of fantasy, a race of spooks with which the critic peoples his world, and which are at his disposal when and as he wants them, taking every form, like

Proteus, which occasion demands, appearing now as stupid idiots and now as incredibly sly deceivers. Before the sober eye these ghosts vanish."7

Now is not this sly but ignorant forger who never existed the very image of the "Joseph Smith"who is now being put forward as the only possible explanation for the Book of

Mormon?

The critics who think they have at last found a plausible explanation for the book have simply fallen into the

Sheet gold ornament over ten inches long from Vasca, Peru. oldest booby trap of all, the one which

the critic, according to Blass, must critics regularly do? Because, says who are at one moment so clever and avoid before all others as the easiest

Friedrich Blass, once you assume that adroit as to imitate the writing of but silliest solution of the problem.

a document is a fake no arguments Plato or Demosthenes with deceptive But how can we be certain about and no evidence to the end of time skill, and in the next moment are so anything in criticising the Book of can ever vindicate it, even if it is idiotic and stupid as to let themselves Mormon? To this Blass gives us the

absolutely genuine. Why is that? get caught redhanded in the most answer: the nearest we can get to

Because "There can be no such thing colossal blunders. Nor is the existcertainty, he says, is when we have

as an absolutely positive proof."5 The ence of forgers of genius believable, before us a long, historical document,

only certainty lies in the negative; nor of highly gifted writers who are for it is "improbable in the highest

for example, if we know for sure that at the same time completely unindegree, and therefore to be regarded... thata crime has been committed by a formed, such as those to whom the at all times as inadmissible

woman, the negative fact that he is Phaedo and the gospel of John have any forger coming later (than the not a woman completely exonerates been attributed. All this sort of thing pretended date of authorship) can

any suspect; but on the other hand represents no true cause, and any have the knowledge and diligence

the fact that one is a woman proves explanation that requires such an necessary to present any quantity of neither guilt nor innocence. The historical data without running into

reader cannot produce absolute proof contradictions."In this, the one sure

that the dollar bill in his pocket is way of detecting a falsifier, according genuine; it may look all right even to our guide, "is by those things

to the trained eye and still contain which he cannot well have succeeded minute evidence of counterfeiting in imitating because they were too trifling, too inconspicuous, and too if there the expert; escape butwhich

to troublesome reproduce."8 it, obviously withis anything wrong

we then have absolute proof that it In Lehi in the Desert we said: "The

is counterfeit. We can never prove test of an historical document lies, as

absolutely that the Book of Mormon we have so often insisted, not in the is what it claims to be; but any seristory it tells, but in the casual deous proven fault in the work would tails that only an eyewitness can

at once condemn it. If I assume the have seen."It is in such incidental

Book of Mormon to be fraudulent, and inconspicuous details that the then whatever is correct in it is merely Thin sheet gold mummy mask from Peru. (Continued on page 859)

NOVEMBER 1953 831 NO MAN IS SAFE by Dorothy Clapp Robinson

Edmunds came awake fightTpDDing. Why couldn't he remember

the rest of that sentence? It had

bothered him all night. "No man is

safe."Now what the dickens? It

was something Dad Peterson had quoted when they had been discussing security.

The silence was ripped by the howl of a coyote. Todd's nerves jumped.

Something soft touched his cheek.

Then another and another. He sat

up abruptly. Great day in the morning! Snow. He might have guessed.

When he had crawled into this sleeping bag the night before, the sky had been a galaxy of bright stars. He

and five other young men had come to the "lavas"to get wood. Now

what would they do? It was still

too dark to see his companions, but he could hear their breathing. Lamar

was snoring lightly. Hum-m. Facing

him was going to be something. Todd

found his flashlight and looked at his watch. Four a.m. and blacker than

a black cat at midnight Wellnothing could be done now He shook his head—that phrase kept

coming—no man is safe.

He waited for more flakes. Why

. post of each the butt near as notched he he a groove went Lamarwas always right? He had

at ends..shallower. planning a the small one and trouble.predicted

stirring "I didn't apathy, knew you muttered, from... his know "Gee,"Lamar

"Why does it always happen to so much."

me?"he whispered to himself. Well,

they shouldn't have wasted their time objection. "We can't stay. It is Eventually a reluctant daylight

yesterday afternoon. too dangerous. We might get caught gave impetus to their work. OccaBut sleep was gone, and nerves out here. I cut enough yesterday for sionally a flurry of large, lazy snowgrew jumpier. Finally Todd pulled a small load."flakes swept undecidedly over the

himself from his blankets. He built a The reference to yesterday was basin. Bob and the other boys

fire and started breakfast. The smell painful. The other boys had known worked with set lips. After a flurry

of the fire and food awakened the better than waste time so late in the that was longer than usual in passing, boys. season! Todd hadn't known. Now Lamar threw down his ax. "I'm go-

"We'd better start for home as soon the payoff had come. ing home,"he announced. '"Anyas it is light,"one of the boys sug- "Could we start loading before dayone riding?"

gested, "load or no load."light?"The boys looked to Todd. He

That was exactly what Todd had "We can try."Anything was betlooked about uncertainly. A grayfirst thought, but now he snapped, ter than standing around. They ness had settled over the landscape.

"We are not going home without a built a huge fire and by its light "Bob,"he asked abruptly, "is that load, if we have to stay here another helped Lamar load the cedar logs a danger signal?"

night."on his wagon. They decided to make "Could be."

The boys shifted uneasily. This the other load of limbs they could "Okay. Harness the horses."

was not the Todd they had tramped gather rather than spend time cutting The boys sprang to obey. Todd

with yesterday. Lamar voiced his new trees. gulped when he saw their eager832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

lead, turned his team up a steep rise and headed east. Lamar followed

reluctantly. Pete and Andy rode

with Lamar. Todd and Eric were

with Bob. On the higher ground the

wind found them, and the flakes it carried were no longer lazy or undecided. They had to make several

detours to avoid crevasses or sharp upthrusts of rock. Bob drove carefully but with a'dash Lamar lacked

so the lead team often had to wait for the other to catch up.

The temperature took a sudden nose dive, and the sharp wind made a joke of their clothing. They took

turns walking and driving. Snow

was falling fast.

"This is going to be a real stinker,"

Eric pulled up the team to wait. Bob

and Todd, who had been walking, stopped beside the wagon and looked back. "Here's the wagon now,"Bob called. Eric lifted the reins but

tightened them again. It was not the

team that broke through the storm curtain but Pete and Andy. They

were walking rapidly with their backs hunched against the wind.

"Where's Lamar?"Todd asked.

"Right behind. He won't let us

drive.""Should you have left him?"

Andy kicked the wagon wheel to knock snow from his boots. "He'll

make it. His team is following the

tracks of this wagon."

They went on. The horses strained

at the traces as if they sensed the danger at their heels. The storm increased. There was no more joking,

no more talking. The snow caked

their clothes and sifted through impossible places to find their wrists kept one walking necks. Those and through."cut "We'll with lashedness. load Lamar's was load hand becoe the? for about the road th(L hey followed 0I\ the rope, bedding with loga chain and mile, a rodles; was separated. Every

it to turned make mile, but when a top. box on gruband turns froze by He sweat and Todd driving Bob, was sweep a wide who suggested, "Let's through,"cut Bob r silly that think, only to tried but

when they were ready to leave. phrase found room in his mind.

"it protested, "No, sir,"Lamar of the county line the faint is When little time for the wetoo dangerous stopped. they Todd road appeared,

any."would save—if

"I've driven it with Dad. If we flailedto bringhiscirculationarms. Hetokickedhis feet.his bootsThe

make the county road before the horses moved restlessly.

storm breaks, we are reasonably "He isn't far behind,"Andy called, safe..""I heard Baldy sneeze a few minutes Lamar's chin went stubborn. "Cut

ago."through and start something you can't finish."Just the same, fear moved in and

But the other boys were with Bob. cast a shadow across their hopes.

Anything to get out of this place. Suddenly the enormity of what he had

Todd's was the deciding vote. All done, stung Todd with a sharper cold

than he had ever known.against one should be proof—but

Lamar had been right about yester- "Of all the stupid tricks this is the day's fiasco. (Continued on page 863)

NOVEMBER 1953 833 The Structural Design of the Los Angeles Temple

by George S. Nelson

STRUCTURAL ENGINEER—We have come a long way in our knowledge of structural design since the days of the

pyramid builders. To every Latterday Saint there will be significance in the fact that more progress has been made in the engineering field since the year 1830 than was made in all previous

historical time.

Haveof anyouopenever gazedstairwellintointhea depthsmultiweakis expectedand theto contributestrong. Eachto themembercomzationdie in havesuch beenabodes.satisfiedThe tocaveslive wereand

storied building and wondered munity according to its ability. Thin relatively safe and the services of an

what keeps the whole structure from slabs sustain simple floor loads, joists engineer were not required to plan crashing down to the basement? support these slabs, and are in turn them. The forces of nature had

When someday you see the massive supported by beams. The beams are done all the hard work of construclooking stone walls and the beautiful supported by girders, trusses, walls, tion.

painted interior of the Los Angeles or columns, which are in turn carried The great pyramids of Egypt were

Temple, you may wonder what is on footings. So well knit is this somewhat different. Their builders

behind them to sustain their weight. community that a load imposed on chose to have rooms and passages of

You may marvel that an earthquake any member will affect every other a certain size. This required plancould cause the 24,000ton structure member. It is an interesting probning. To acquire these, large stones

to quiver on its foundations. lem for the engineer to determine were laboriously placed around the

When you see the finished temple, how much each individual part will spaces intended for rooms and pasits walls will appear to be built of be influenced by any combination of sages. Perhaps it was at this time

massive stones eight feet wide, seven loads that might be imposed on any that the civil engineer landed his feet high, and of substantial thickness. segment of the frame. first big job.

Actually these stones are but a thin It is another interesting problem to In writing of the pyramids, Herodoveneer. Behind them there will be create members that are specialized tus, the Greek historian, stated that

hidden a vast community of powerto do particular jobs and that will, in about 2900 B. C. 100,000 men

ful, wellorganized structural memwith maximum economy, comply labored twenty years to erect the bers diligently and faithfully perwith recognized standards of safety. great pyramind of Cheops. It covforming the functions for which each There have been times when small ered thirteen acres and was 481 feet

was created. but inhabitable caves in large, sound high, yet its usable room space was

In this structure, as in any well rocks provided many men with very small. It is significant, however,

organized community, there is a great shelter against the elements. Many that its engineers had learned how

variety of specialists. There are the generations in a low state of civilito construct the simple vault and

Construction of the Los Angeles Temple s going forward. These views were taken

in May 1953.

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA member by any loading condition.

Then knowing the stresses that may be safely resisted by any material, he can select those most suitable and organize them into structural combinations that will sustain the loads efficiently.

Concrete, steel, wood, and literally thousands of products developed by ingenious men are available to the engineers of our day. Choosing the

material best suited to do a particular job is a constant challenge. A

fine building must do more than be pleasing to the eye and provide space for a prescribed use. Its frame

(or skeleton) must be made capable of sustaining its own weight, the live loads imposed by its proper use, wind and earthquake loads, and stresses due to heating and cooling.

In the Los Angeles Temple one of these loading conditions was an anticipated lateral force in excess of three thousand tons that an earth-.iSsSisiwSvSHSS quake might impose upon any side of

This photograph taken in August indicates the rapid advance in building. Part the main structure. One of the types

of the finished wall and the granite base are shown. of earthquake that occur may be

compared to the mischievous boy who pulls the rug from under your feet.

The victim of the prank must be properly braced if he is to remain standing. The Los Angeles Temple

is most vulnerable to this type of movement. If such an earthquake

occurs, the footings are designed to move with the earth's crust, while the inertia of the superstructure resists such motion. At this point the

four powerful cross frames are designed to pull from one side and push from the other on the floor and roof diaphragms.

Large, horizontal beams tie each floor to the central cross frames. This

will cause each floor to act as an enormous beam that should force the reluctant walls to move with the rest of the structure. The whole building

should react much like a cup of Jello—Photos by George Bergstrom that has been suddenly jarred, but,

The interior construction of the third floor, showing height of the large assembly strange as it may seem, its frame is room. Photograph was taken September 10. designed to be sufficiently elastic to

absorb a powerful shock with a were familiar with lintel and column the expense of material and labor minimum of chance of cracking.

construction, but their knowledge rather than risk his reputation with It was found that the floors and of the strength of materials was a more economical structure. roof were incapable of transferring

meager. They possessed but little We have come a long way since these loads to the two end walls efability to create economical structural then. Much of the guesswork has ficiently, so the two interior frames

shapes. This may explain why huge been taken out of structural engiwere introduced. The main problem

structures were used to enclose relaneering. Steel and concrete are made was to design these interior frames

tively small rooms. The ancient to certain specifications, wood is so that under load they would deflect

engineer also planned massively begraded, and the engineer has dejust the right amount. Though these

cause his knowledge of materials was vised formulas that enable him to powerful frames appear to be abbased on limited experience. It was determine the stresses and strains solutely rigid, they are actually

wise for him to build overstrong at that are generated in a structural {Continued on page 852)

NOVEMBER 1953 835 A small figure emerged From the shadow of the office building and limped to his side:

"Jedge, are you goin't'give Butch a nother chanct?"

-Ittto he tost - PART ONE OF A TWOPART STORY by Elsie Chamberlain Carroll

Thorne looked again at the mother had discovered the stowaway his wife, wondering why the judgeJudge note scrawled on a piece of and her finaj, "There's no arguing had not come home after the court crumpled wrapping paper that with you. You never give up. You're session was over.

had been shoved into his hand by a worse than a lawyer. But remember "I'll be coming soon,"he promised

ragged little boy as he was leaving this—if you keep him, you can't have her. "No; the evidence is all in,

the courthouse. him in the house."Skipper, as he but I delayed passing sentence until

"Jedge pleez giv butch a nother had named the dog, transformed by tomorrow. You know how I hate

chanct hes mi bruther. Chuck Bell."soap and water and loving care into these cases involving kids. Any letThe judge smoothed the paper out a beautiful pet, had been the comter from Ted? Good. Well, I'll be

on his desk, and as he noted the dispanion of his boyhood. He rememhome before long. Goodbye now."

torted words, he thought of the look bered that he had often told his in the eyes of the darkfaced culprit mother that her words that morning, He began straightening the books the message pleaded for. Now he "You're worse than a lawyer,"had and papers on his desk and was

remembered what it had reminded sparked something inside him that about to throw the scrawled note him of. It was the cringing, pleadhad led to his career. into a wastebasket when he hesiing expression in the eyes of a puppy And now he was a judge, and totated and dropped it into his coat

he had smuggled into his room one morrow he must pass sentence on the pocket.

wintry night when he was about ten wretched youngster who had reOutside his office the air was years old. The starved, shivering minded him of his dog. Youngster—frosty. Small flakes of snow were

dog had eaten food brought stealthily he didn't like cases involving young drifting slowly to the ground. The

from the kitchen and had slept under people. The prisoner was small and moon shone through a haze and the

his bed. seemed immature, despite the serioussparse, dry leaves still clinging to the

He recalled the debate that had ness of his clearly premeditated crime. bare trees rattled in the chilly gusts

ensued the next morning when his The telephone rang. It was Marian, of wind. From a restaurant up the

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA street strains of "White Christmas"sweaters an'things. He's my brother, "Wait a minute,"he called.

came faintly. he says.""Come and get in with me. It's

Yes, Christmas was almost here Brother. The judge winced. Be getting cold. I'll drive you."

again. Christmas! Ironic, with the thou thy brother's keeper. As they rode, the man found his

world in such a mess. "... on earth The thought of that injunction left thoughts in a turmoil. Why hadn't

peace, good will toward men,"and an uncomfortable feeling inside him. they caught the "guys"who had run

Ted, his only son, overseas as a "He isn't your real brother?"when Butch was caught? Could

serviceman. For what? "Nope. But he says that don't matGary Burke be in some way reHis heart seemed to contract with ter. Neither of us ain't got nobody sponsible for the crash which could

the weather as he thought of his else, so we're brothers. It's cold and so easily have killed him? He was

boy. lonesome in the shanty when Butch arrogant, boastful, and proud of his

He was unlocking his car when a is gone."father's name and influence. That

small figure emerged from the "What do you eat now Butch is much everybody knew. Clearly, the

shadow of the office building and in jail?"facts had not all been brought out

limped to his side. "Some of the guys gives me some at the trial—at least not secondary

"Jedge, are ye goin't'give Butch of their grub sometimes—the ones facts he was now beginning to unanother chanct?"what was with Butch when it hapderstand.

Thorne looked down at the shiverpened. Only they got away when "Say we forgot to get you someing child. In the glare of a nearby they got Butch. They tried to git thing to eat,"Thorne said, as he saw

electric light the face looked pinched Butch to squeal on the others, didn't a drivein ahead of them. He pulled

and gray. they? But he won't never do that. in at the place and honked for an

"It was you who gave me the note That would be chicken."attendant.

this afternoon? You say he's your The sound of a telephone inside He ordered hamburgers, milk, and

brother?"the building reminded Thorne of his ice cream, and takeaway sand-

"Yep. Sort of. He takes care of promise that he would soon be home. wiches. When the food came, the

me."He put his hand into his pocket boy reached out the bill the judge

"Where do you live?"for a dollar bill which he handed to had given him.

"Over by the river."the boy. "Keep that for another time. This

He knew the place. "Here, son, take this and buy is on me,"Thorne said.

"How old are you, Chuck?"you something to eat.""I'll buy a Christmas present for

"Seven, goin'on eight."Somehow this little act of generButch with it. Would they give it

"How old is Butch?"osity did not give him the sense of to him if he's still in jail?"

"He's eighteen. He's little, but he satisfaction he had expected. "Of course."The answer sounded

kin lick guys that's twenty.""I don't want the money less ye gruff. The man cleared his throat.

"That's why he's in trouble—he's promise to give Butch another chanct. How would it seem to spend Christone of the hoodlums that are always I don't git very hungry now. Will mas in jail. A kid—that would be

trying to 'lick'someone."ya, Jedge?"worse than in an overseas outpost.

"He ain't no hoodlum, Jedge,"the "I can't tell what I can do. I They drove on. Chuck was delittle fellow flared. "He don't fight must go over all the testimony very vouring his second hamburger. As

'less the others is doin'somethin'carefully. I am glad for what you they crossed the tracks, the judge

specially to me. You'll give him anhave told me. I promise to connoticed the sudden change in street

other chanct, won't you?"sider everything. Now you run lighting. The whole section was dim

"Do you know why he's in jail? along home."and dreary—here where good lightHe purposely wrecked another boy's The boy limped a few steps toward ing was especially needed!

car and might have killed the boy. the street. Thorne started to climb "Ye turn north here, Jedge. Our

Maybe Gary Burke will never walk into his car. Home. The word place is the fourth one over that

again."clung to his mind. (Continued on page 854)

"I heard some o'the guys sayin'the lawyer is making out it's worse'n it is 'cause his ole man's a big shot an'wants Butch sent up. I was hurt

worser'n him when a wall fell on me, an'I kin walk."

"No, the lawyer is not making it worse than it is. Your brother is a

bad boy. Something must be done to

protect innocent people from boys like him.""He ain't bad. He takes care o'

me. An'that Burke guy ain't innocent. He had it in for Butch an'all

the guys over our way. He wuz

alius comin'down there in his shiny car ashowin'off an'yellin'things at us. Butch ain't bad. He brings me

stuff to eat an'gives me his old

NOVEMBER 1953 837 The Coal Operating Advisory Committee: Seated, left to right; Standing, left to right: Arvel R. Stevens, 1st counselor, Carbon

Shirl McArthur, Deseret Coal Mine superintendent; Elton L. Stake presidency; Asa L. Draper, 2nd counselor, Carbon Stake

Taylor, president, Carbon Stake; Elden G. Luke, president, Emery presidency; LaVar M. Black, 1st counselor, Emery Stake presiStake, committee chairman; Cecil Broadbent, president, North dency; Perry E. Snow, 2nd counselor, Emery Stake presidency;

Carbon Stake; Thomas Pettersson, former clerk of Carbon Stake and Isaac McQueen, former 2nd counselor, North Carbon Stake

and committee secretary. presidency.

The Deseret Coal Mine THE MINE WITH A SOUL

by Dorothy Dixon Harrison

Cancludesyou picturea chapela coalfor mineworshipthatandinpartbanquetof theroom,mineforis itaptlyis calledhere thatthe nificent,unemployedand Saintsbesides,depressedworry overme conour a banquet hall for parties; that leaders of Carbon, North Carbon, and siderably. I was thinking about what

develops leaders and converts and inEmery Stakes have treated large the First Presidency had told us in spires volunteer workmen with testicrowds to delicious chicken dinners October conference. One of them

monies; that achieves amazing results served piping hot even though 350 said: 'The Church has set up a welfrom inexperienced help; that thrills feet underground. fare plan as a system under which

all workmen until eating the "bug The Deseret Coal Mine is new. It the curse of idleness will be done

dust"from the coal cutter and the did not exist in 1936. It did not exist away with, the evil -of the dole abolmonotony of mining with its dangeruntil J. Frank Killian, late president of ished, and independence, industry,

ous, backbreaking work is scarcely Emery Stake, confronted with the thrift, and selfrespect be once more mentioned? tremendous problem of helping hunestablished amongst our people.'(See

Such a mine exists near Orangedreds of unemployed Latterday Saint October 1936 Conference Report, page ville, Utah, in Emery County: the coal miners and truckers, had the 3.)

Deseret Coal Mine. It is a very foresight and imagination to visual- "I suddenly realized,"continued

ordinary appearing mine, no different ize the opportunities a welfare mine President Killian, "how the welfare from thousands of others, but this could offer his stake people, and the plan could be applied to help our unmine has a difference about it—the Church as a whole. employment situation! The property

Deseret Coal Mine has a soul! Brother Killian related: "One day before me showed some jagged outWith small slices of minelamplight while hiking in the mountains near croppings of coal and looked very

to cut the thick blackness, as many as Orangeville, I came to some property promising-—besides, many local peothree hundred Latterday Saints have that was being sold by the county for ple believed it gave every indication

met together for inspirational servtaxes. I rested there, for my climb of containing a rich coal vein. I

ices in a "worked out"section of the had been strenuous, the canyon was joyously thought how many jobs mine known as the chapel. Another rugged, the view of the valley magcould be created for faithful Latter -

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA day Saints with a Churcnoperated coal mine."

Elder Killian hurried back to Orangeville. There he discovered

that a group of local men were organized to purchase the property, but when he suggested that he would like to recommend that the Church purchase it for a welfare project, the men wholeheartedly agreed not to take any action.

The recommendation was made, and the General Authorities sent geologists to investigate. The reports

were favorable. Negotiations for the

property were finally completed, and in June 1938 work was started.

President Killian recalled:

"Many unemployed Saints were engaged, and we began digging a road out of the side of the steep mountain,

Looking up at the new steel tipple, all eight stories of it, from the base of the mine's cutting timber for chutes, and preoperations. At the left is the mine's offices, and the 60 foot weighing scale. This is only

paring coalbins. When the bulldozer one of the "truck loaders."

went into action building the road, all of Orangeville turned out to adadmit it, the work, as he said, was potentialities; and the Church's anmire its astounding performance! The "too rugged"for him. At his renual coal consumption for needy

Saints, delighted to be working again, quest he was released from his asfamilies, Church hospitals, and were prayerful and humble and signment. chapels.

seemed to accomplish an amazing Ernest A. Strong, a Springville conThe report recommended modern

amount of work."tractor of tenacious purpose, was apequipment in the mine, the purchase

Having no special equipment or pointed to act as chairman for an of additional mining property, the mining instruments, they used picks extensive investigation of the mine. construction of a new steel tipple, adeand shovels to "face up"the coal, in- "We want to know,"President J. quate roads, a fleet of trucks, a shop

serted dynamite, and shot it solid. Reuben Clark, Jr., instructed him, to service and repair the trucks, and

Wagons and teams hauled the coal to "whether the mine is needed enough, the development of a source of water.

the place where it was sorted through and is good enough to warrant When the decision was made to re- a homemade "shaker"(three screens modern development."open and modernize the mine,

ingeniously fastened together to sift Brother Strong asked a mining exBrothers Strong and Adams were the coal sizes and operated by an old pert, Leonard E. Adams, to assist him, named directors.

jalopy engine that was purchased for and the two spent months making a The new directors felt that the first fifteen dollars.) Only during the study of the mine—its needs and (Continued on page 846)

last few years has the size of the mine warranted the building of power lines.

On September 5, 1938, the first five wagonloads of coal left the mine.

Since the unemployed Saints, thrilled at the Deseret Coal Mine's progress, donated their labor to mine the first coal, it left the mine as "tithing coal."

Thousands of truckloads of welfare coal have since reached needy families and Church buildings (such as the

Primary Children's Hospital, Brigham

Young University, stake buildings, and ward chapels), for the mine's vein of coal was indeed rich and extensive. But after five years of operation it was deemed wise to close the

mine until dangerous working conditions could be improved.

By this time President Killian was seventy years of age. For five years

he had trudged up the mountain to the mine twice a day in hot summer Side view of the new steel tipple, taken level with the cement storage bin. The long

weather or through deep snow in gallerytipple whereor beltit islinesifted,takessized,"runandof brokenthe mine"downcoalintofromdifferentthe cementqualities storageand storedbin into fivethe winter and even though he hated to storage bins to be trucked away.

NOVEMBER 1953 839 My Views on Education

by Henry P. Chung

STUDENT, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Henry P. Chung, Chinese convert to the Church recently completed requirements

for graduation from Brigham Young University. He is now attending BYU as a

graduate student.

Henry P. Chung

also is intelligence,"but glory to surreadily to I but they and willingly of God go back decided in the wrong instrument the their without a dangerous freedom, rendered to eduadequateWhenschool gain an cation so that I could convey slightest sign of complaint, to alcohol, hand, just as a hatchet can destroy my thoughts more effectively through tobacco, and gambling. That I can- a life by striking a man or become a

oral or written English, the missionnot quite understand. Besides, they useful implement for chopping wood.

aries and Saints were alarmed that waste their hard earned money, enEducation alone does not build strong

I might lose my strong testimony and danger their health, and waste their testimony, but it is instead a useful faith in the gospel. I had come to valuable time. Some believe that it instrument.

the realization of my inadequacy to is all a part of life and cannot be The danger lies in not being myself cope with missionary work effectively helped. I feel that they are rationalby having the new horizon of knowlwhen I was serving as a shortterm izing, for all habits are acquired. edge opened to me going to my head.

missionary. My education was adeAs I look back over the four years It is not an easy thing to avoid, just

quate to conduct my business successthat I have attended Brigham Young as it was difficult to avoid having too fully, but going out as a missionary University, I can say that education, much material wealth influence me where I met people from all walks too, is like any wholesome thing: it for evil. What I am trying to do is

of life was a different story. It was can be either a curse or a blessing. to reconcile everything I have learned

like my first venture in business. AlIt depends upon the mental attitude with the gospel to make it compatible

though the two enterprises (missionand the use it is put to. Bread is a by reasoning and prayer, especially

ary work and real estate) are similar recognized wholesome food; but if in the fields of science. I find no

in principle, as far as their purposes you overeat, it will make you sick. reason to have conflict with sciences

are concerned, they are greatly difOn the other hand, opium is a deadly for the ultimate goal of science is to ferent—one is to sell the gospel of poison, but it can save lives when find the truth impassionately and

Jesus Christ to gain salvation for used as medicine. I believe everywithout bias and the gospel likewise

eternal life while the other is to sell thing placed on earth by God is good stands for the truth.

property for material wealth. if we use it properly and intelligently I think we should coordinate or

I do not wish to belittle material with a specific purpose. standardize our frame of thoughts so

wealth. I have no quarrel with it. As a further illustration of the that we can understand and appreAll material wealth has its place as danger of misusing education, we ciate each other's efforts in trying to

long as it is properly used. I have sometimes find educated people who make this world a better place. Each

found that business can be either use their knowledge to exploit their field of endeavor has a definite job a blessing or a curse. It all depends fellow men. Some powerful nations to do, and there is no need of any

on how it is conducted. If I were to also exploit weak and defenseless ones. conflict. Each duty, whether secular

conduct a business as I used to, makThis is just a sample of the tragic or religious, is important to our welling money my main purpose in life, mistake we make; instead of doing being, as each is the counterpart of

I would say it is a curse. On the good, we tend to give decency a black the other. Who can say whether the

other hand, if I were to conduct a eye. doctors or the garbage collectors are

business upon sound principles, using I am more than ever determined more important in their respective it to improve conditions and make the to dedicate myself to the cause of positions in a community? Each is

people happy I came in contact with, preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ essentially important to the health of

I would say that is a blessing. which should lessen my friends'fears this community. We cannot get

I did not smoke habitually even that I might lose my testimony and along without either one of them.

before I became a Mormon, and, faith. I could never forsake the Remember that if we set a standard,

therefore, I was not a slave to smokgospel after it has transformed my we do so arbitrarily.

ing; but I had other weaknesses, chief thinking from a doubtful, unknown I am not concerned with standards

of which was my desire for material future to that of a sure, eventual set by human beings, but I am conwealth. salvation. cerned with God's standards. We

I have often heard people say that Education is a wonderful thing in should never have conflict in our they wanted freedom in everything, the light of the revelation that "the {Concluded on page 850)

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one;

The man with 248,404 different names

Idly toying with pencil and paper, we just figNot even a thousand millionaires, each putured out what it would cost to buy yourself a ting in a million dollars, could "own"General certain electric manufacturing company. ComElectric. The "man"who owns General Electric

plete with factories, machines, raw materials has 248,404 names. There are that many owners

in the bins, and so forth. on the books.

Write your check for 2 billion dollars, please. Simple mathematics can shoot a large round

( That's at recent price per share quoted on the hole in the childish misconception that AmerStock Exchange. ) But don't send the check to ica's basic companies are owned by a few lucky

the company. It doesn't own the stock. people.

You'd have to buy back the stock in bits and

Suppose there were the fantastic total ofpieces from 116,000 women share owners. And

100,000 millionaires. Even they couldn't buy

83,000 men. You'd have to get in touch with

the "peopleowned"businesses on whichabout 25,000 trustees and guardians. And a few

America depends for goods. But already six and

thousand insurance companies, universities, a half million individuals have a direct investhospitals and pension trusts to buy back the ment in America's production.

stock they own.

We wouldn't blame these people if they The only thing bigger than America today will didn't sell to you. They don't have to, you be America tomorrow. And the only collection

know. Maybe they want the stock for the same of people rich enough to finance this growth

reason you do. and share in its success is the public.

t/oa cwi/nd 'yeat ccmnhTzce in

GENERAL ELECTRIC

NOVEMBER 1953 841 notes. She had written on her

Ruth May Fox memory, in verse, the history of the (Continued from page 829) entire trip.

memory of any person I know. At Only once did I ever see her conthe age of eightythree she toured fused when giving a talk and that

Europe with a group her daughter, was when she had written down some

Vida Fox Clawson, organized. She items she wished to give and because

visited every place of interest. She of the dimness of the room she was

never had to be helped or waited for. not able to see her notes. She speaks

She always was ready and in her with an ease and fluency which is replace at the appointed hour. She markable.

visited her birthplace and went again As a board member, counselor, and to the rope yard and the estate of the even after she was president (she nobleman who had a leaden lady in was then over seventyfive years old) his garden; these places she had reshe insisted on taking the long, hard

membered since childhood. trips often to the remote and smallest

I kept a diary of the trip, but Sister stakes. She felt those stakes were the

Fox kept her account in her mind. ones that needed her most. Often she

When we returned after three would take the day coach rather than months, the two general boards met a sleeper, saying it was extravagant for an evening to hear our report. to take a sleeper for just a few hours.

Sister Fox gave an account of her And so after a hard ride, probably trip in verse. She told of leaving over bad roads, she would board the

Salt Lake City, and mentioned all train, sit up half the night, and in the important places she had visited, the morning appear at the office, bringing in many delightful observafresh and ready for a busy day.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY tions of her own. When she finished, The fact that she is the mother of

AudioVisual Aids Dept. there was a storm of applause, and twelve children, grandmother to

those of us who had been on the nearly four times that number, and is your trip with her were amazed that she greatgrandmother and greatgreat- could remember so many things. We grandmother to a rapidly multiplying

BELL AND HOWELL all asked for a copy of her verses, number doesn't make her feel that and to our astonishment she had no (Concluded on page 844) Special Representative

(See Bell and Howell fullpage advertisement on opposite page.)

Complete Film Offerings

Feature Films

for Ward Entertainments

Educational Films

for use in M. I. A.—

Relief Society Primary and

other classes

Deseret Booh Co.

AUDIOVISUAL AIDS D I VI S ION The family f Jesse W. Jr., and Ruth May Fox in the late nineties: Front row, left

1400 INDIANA AVE to right: Leonard G., Florence, Beryl, Emmeline B., (wtuv died in 1914); middle row,

SALT UK! CITY, UTAH Frank H., Jesse W., Jr., Ruth C, Ruth May Fox; back row, Vida, Feramorz, Jesse, George,

and Lester. Eliza May Fox, the first daughter (in large framed painting) died in infancy.

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

TWO KINDS OF BELL & HOWELL

to se rve you and your motion picture program

The New Bell & Howell Filmosound Specialist

Sapphire jewels give critical parts 400% longer life. Here is unique

heavyduty performance in projectors! Critical filmhandling parts of

the revolutionary Filmosound Specialists are equipped with sapphire jewels permanently bonded to metal.

Originally created to meet the rigid standards of the armed services, now these Specialist projectors—standard

model or magnetic recording—are

available to you! Sold exclusively

through the Bell & Howell Special

Representative Organization.

Special Representative

Organization Specialists

Here is a highly professional service for users of audiovisual equipment.

Each Bell & Howell Special Representative maintains the finest facilities to assist you in your motion picture program. Without any obligation to you, you can benefit from his

experience and factory training. This

unusually qualified expert can show you the best equipment to suit your own needs and your own motion picture activities. Individually and as a

group, B&H Special Representatives make up the finest service and sales organization in the audiovisual field.

Bell & Howell Company 7177 McCormick Road Chicago 45, 111.

Please send me, without cost or obligation, complete information on the Specialists and the name of my Bell & Howell Special Representative.

NAME.

motion picture equipment ADDRESSBell Howell makers of the world's finest ORGANIZATION

NOVEMBER 1953 843 She gave a quick response saying,

Ruth May Fox you, Brother I remember "Why, yes,Dramatic -:- Different a little speech I gave when (Concluded from page 842) West.

THE OLD TESTAMENT IN VERSE hers is a remarkable life. She says, you were released from the Young

"I have had good health, and I beMen's board as counselor to Brother

BIBLE STORIES you can USE lieve it a privilege to be the mother Bowen, and I said 'East is East and as well as READ of a large family."West is West.'"He was released

Use them in the planning of many, in 1937.

many kinds of Church programs. You ask Sister Fox about those

in fact—when she was SWITZERLAND months—years

TJeloved Saints in Switzerland, on the way to Zion. She always passes over them lightly—the sea M Think not your faith is vain;

Your noble deeds and kindly words voyage in the steerage class; the years

Give luster to your name. in Philadelphia with all the family

You've dreamed fond dreams in Switzerworking, scrimping, and saving, tryland

Of blessings not a few; ing to get means enough to gather

The God of heaven has heard your to Zion. She worked long hours

prayers, in a factory among people who were

All the fire of the DRAMATIC And he will answer you. far from the type a young girl should

Switzerland, reign in plus the charm of Let gladnessMONOLOGUE of joy; be thrown among. Sing songs Sing! yourRHYTHMIC PHRASES.

gratitude valfley; peace and love to and the trip not the Then of the enMay account chronological A

hearts minds and Your of to a buy employ. enough money wagontire in VERSE TESTAMENT OLD

in three volumes. Rejoice ye Saints in Switzerland, their own, so her father was driver

Volume I now available, covers the A templeYour dreamsto the livingare comingGod true; for a family, and his family walkedperiod from the CREATION of the Ere long will welcome you. since his pay was the privilege of

WORLD to the death of MOSES, Ye blessed Saints in Switzerland having his tent and provisions carplus the STORY OF JOB. Accept our salutation; ried. Then the long trek. Only once

the gospel banner Long may wave, or twice during those months was to nation. ensign your Price $3.95 at An

she given a ride in a wagon.

Fox By DESERET Ruth May STORE BOOK These years were her school years. August 1953 Salt Lake City 44 East South Temple,

."No day school or university was

or -K * * * >f r jf *-;.* necessary for her education. She took copy direct from Author autographed

to opportunity every study and to this year, conference During June HOUSE DOXOLOGY a learn through is today and work superinthe attended 1953, she Box 832, Belmont, California $> tendents'and presidents'luncheon selfeducated woman.

The Doxology House offers also held at the Hotel Utah. I was sitting Now at the age of one hundred

with her on the mezzanine floor waitshe could well be awarded the de- "THE SONG OF MOSES"ing for the luncheon to begin. gree of Doctor of Humanities by every

Brother Franklin L. West came to university of the land because she has

shake her hand. He introduced himgiven her life to the service of her

self, asking if she remembered him. fellow men.

by LydiaWitt

Vocal Solo

A sacred vocal solo to be sung separately or in conjunction with the

ECLOGUE poem "CROSSING THE RED SEA."The two together can

be used for a sacred service of music and poetry.

Soprano Highmedium Tenor Highmedium Price:.60 cents per copy. Order

from your LOCAL MUSIC STORE or direct from

\Jv\uicUxania-Sjiationcf\ECO'tainq

Publication a Doxology""Each 832 Belmont, \ Box IAAAAA.AAA* * * * AAAAAfcAAA.California

Dealers discounts for Wards on fund raising projects. Write for complete

information. About the time of her marriage. Wearing a holoku from the Hawaiian Islands.

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

beautiful color (OS(S HO WOfC adds accents to your bathroom...new luxury to daily living

ZEE Toilet Tissue in Pastel Green...Pastel Orchid...

costs no more than ZEE'S Luxury White Tissue.

Enjoy the luxury of color with the

luxury of ZEE's PowderPuff Softness.

.. Sefect2EE Vastus

in the economical 4-Roll FamilyPaks, WHITE

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1953

NOVEMBER 1953 845.

AN

Newly completed air intake in action.

INSTALL YOUR OWNA The Deseret Coal Mine

(Continued from page 839) the pipe shifted to low gear to climb to develop water and with the new road with its terrifically &yuh*j&r job was the help of the three stake presisteep grades. A team and wagon

dencies, fine they located a spring scattered then of to the the pipe edge PLASTIC TILE WALL the on the above mountain mine. cliff, last the for pipe the the and have can You colorful walls in your

. kitchen In utility 1947, bathroom Elder or July Henry D. threequarters room of a mile carried was

very and.inexpensively,. too nothing.. Moyle, of general like the chairman gives...possibilithe you by such over precipitous boys color and men

ties alongtile a with brilliant and easyto- welfare committee, Church it the and ledges. trees.. keepclean to where surface anchored was always lustrous

.. the through years Plastic Coronet late Elder F. Merrill, Joseph attended rocks steel and with wire clamps. and Tile Wall has beveled. deep to edges

tile.. accentuate beauty too,. colors, to the Stake Emery conference "It and occasion,"a joyous was remem-. suit taste any. even the new, modern

pastel shades all in plain.... brought the maror people the assignment bers President presiLuke, G. Elden finish. bleized

"to labor donate to pipeline put a dent of the water Emery Stake, "when

Let help us to select you your Plastic from the spring on East to Mountain came through pipeline the the.. Tile Wall. For a or for new home

refinishing the walls in your present three miles away, to the Deseret Coal mine!"

cost The home is low... We will Mine."This in addition was to the hundred One and sixty men worked quote.on.. installation, a complete or regular welfare assignment four some Emery thousand manhours on the install you can it yourself.

&yuy*s&&'has positive waterseat flange. Stake had been given. project, plus traveling time. The

The people of the stake responded twentyseven donated trucks, hauling immediately and 160 men pledged men and materials, traveled a disfour thousand manhours of work. tance of 28,006 miles; thirtysix cars

Twentyseven trucks, thirtysix cars, were used in transporting men to

THESE FEATURES eight saddle horses, and a team and and from the project. The team and

/ Rich warm colors wagon were volunteered for use on wagon was used thirty days hauling / Deep beveled edges the pipe line project. Meat and other camp and equipment for those who

J Resistant to stains food were donated by some who could stayed on the job; the eight saddle

v* Easier installation not work. Others donated tools, horses were used for transportation.

v Faster and easier equipment, gas, diesel fuel, and other If all of this equipment, all of the cleaning necessities. volunteered manhours of back-

v* Inexpensive luxury Work was started, blasting out rock breaking work, all the food, all the for a lifetime and widening the old road to within donated gas and diesel fuel were to seven miles of the spring. From here be figured in dollars and cents, it is

bulldozers and a patrol went over the estimated that the labor cost of the

AT YOUR LOCAL route where the pipeline was to go, pipe line that the Saints of Emery

LUMBER battering through timber, sagebrush, Stake donated would be between

DEALER sidehills, and rock; chiseling out a $5500 and $6000! The Deseret Coal

road and digging a trench to within Mine has been built and worked by two and onefourth miles of the edge men filled with the spirit of giving MORRISON MERRILL & CO of the rock cliff. and helping those in need. Building Material Distributors

The next job was to get the pipe Modernizing the mine presented to the spring. Huge trucks hauling (Continued on page 848)

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

y.

SOMETHING'S AFOOT AT SUNRISE..

And the early birds have their ears cocked to KSL Radio to catch the intimate words of a man who daily salutes the sunrise. For

45 minutes, from the first notes of "The Lord's Prayer"at 5:30 a.m.

until 6:15 a.m., folks throughout the vast Mountain West visit

with Grant Williams to hear his philosophy of life and the latest news of the day. Scores of letters from listeners show Sunrise

Salute is as much a part of their daily ritual as feeding the chickens, milking the cow, or driving to work.

But ask any "Sunrise Salute—er"to tell you what Grant Williams

looks like, and you will get a different picture from each.

You see, Grant's listeners have never seen him in person, nor have they ever seen so much as a picture of him. Just a silhouette.

However, to each member of his vast and loyal audience, Grant

Williams is a very real, very warm personality—one who

inspires confidence and believability—one who brightens each

day and starts them off with a song.

All this from a voice on the radio—and a mental image

conjured up from a silhouette!

If you are not an early bird, but still like to hear what's afoot at sunrise, do as thousands of others do: listen to KSL Radio at

4:45 every afternoon for Housewives'Protective League directed

by Grant Williams. You'll like him, too.

NOVEMBER 1953 847

THE DESERET COAL MINE

health, Leonard Adams was named NOW AVAILABLE {Continued from page 846) to replace him. Soon afterwards

weighty problems, and as Presidents Elton L. Taylor, Elden Two ofyour many

Ernest Strong relates, "Many a time, G. Luke, Cecil Broadbent, and their

favorite correct decisions for our problems counselors were instructed that superforced us onto our knees for invising and operating the mine was spiration and help, and we will gladtheir responsibility as heads of the ly admit that when we needed Carbon, Emery, and North Carbon direction most, we received it."stakes. Elder Henry D. Moyle asin handsome

new styles modernizingBrother Strongthe roadway.first supervisedHe fursuredeverythingthem wouldthat ifworktheyout.""had Theyfaith

nished many men and donated much accepted their calling and pledged to of his construction equipment to help do a good job.

build the road. Several other SpringAnd they did! Elder Moyle deville contractors also answered the clared later that an example in superb

call for specialized equipment to help cooperation had been set for the build the road. These same conentire Church by the three stake

tractors sent patrols and oil dispresidencies tributors to assist Carbon Stake in its He said that Presidents Taylor, big project of oiling and surfacing the Luke, and Broadbent, and thenroad, which is now wide and luxuricounselors had done a marvelous job iltfnm ous. Today only about twelve mindeveloping this stake welfare project,

utes is required to take a truck load that the people had supported them of coal from the mine to the main wholeheartedly and were carrying folspecial, to easy the contains wagon! Church.

is yet Bible notes, Pilgrim low When Ernest Strong withdrew as The three stake presidents apIt to use. light convenient and

is bound in fine handgrained director of the project because of ill pointed a fulltime, welltrained minslightly Morocco, leatherlined, covers. Size 5Vs"x ing superintendent, Shirl McArthur of overlapping

7%", only lVs"thick. Black, Orangeville, Utah. Brother McArthur

with redunder-gold edges, has been a great contributor toward $17.50. Red or blue, with gold developing the mine—as a mine and edges, $18.00

also as a unique welfare project.

During the time the mine was closed, the property next to it, which included the Castle Valley Fuel Company and the Edwards mine, was purchased by the general welfare committee. The Castle Valley Fuel

Company's entrance was used and the

Church's mine portal abandoned, for the newly purchased mine already had track laid for wooden shuttle cars to bring out the coal. Scofieli Superintendent McArthur will tell

you that many convincing things happened to teach him the real divinity of the welfare work at the mine and to strengthen his testimony of the gospel.

No. I47x. This handsome Sco- "The new mining property had an

field Bible is now available for old wooden tipple that we used,"he a beautiful first time in the red, relates. "A coal tipple is a large apbinding. handgrained Morocco

Handysize edition with all the paratus which screens and segregates famous Scofield helps and excoal into various size lumps, and plus Concordance—trucks. This to coal the on

is ultraloads printed on Oxford's planations—it rickety, caught tipple, old and thin wooden India Paper measures and

only Vs"thick. With leather fire and burned one morning and

lining, slightly overlapping covers gold edges. and x nearly trapped our men in the mine. Size 43A"

7-1/16". $18.00 They arrived at the mine portal just

At your bookstore in time to shut the mine off from the

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS burning inferno! A lifesaving

114 Fifth Ave., Nw York 1 1, N. Y. 'coincidence'brought them to the

James Bible Publishws of the King a leose to help pry portal for tools the mountain the top of from A pipeline 1675 Since 850) on page (Concluded to mine. the water spring clear brought

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Millions of motorists have proved it—

it in your car! now prove

GasolineNew Conoco Sopor

with irfep

Boosts power as much as 15%!

Increases sparkplug life up to 150%1

Gives you extra gas mileage, too!

Millions of motorists have proved for themselves the dramatic benefits of TCP—the amazing additive in new Conoco

Super Gasoline. They have proved, in Combustion deposits form here, causing

their own cars, that Conoco Super Gasmis-firing and loss of power. TCP neutralizes

oline with TCP is truly the most importhese deposits, giving top power and performance.

tant advance in gasoline since the introduction of tetraethyl lead in 1922.

Here, at last, is a new kind of gasoline plugs—causing them to misfire. Second, they should. Your fuel ignites as it

... a gasoline that works so quickly to deposits in the combustion chambers should. You get "new car"performance.

improve automobile performance that cause fuel to ignite before it should.

the average motorist can feel the difThis is called preignition or "wild ping."

ference after just two tankfuls. Conoco The combined effect of misfiring and TCP helps your car—

Super with TCP is a gasoline that acpre-ignition is loss of power, lack of whether new or old greatest the tually overcomes single "pep"and wasted gas. If you have a new car, with a highcom- fuel waste affecting cause of power and

most of the cars on the road today! How Conoco Super Gasoline pressioning its builtinengine,powerit willaskeeplong onas deliveryou use

with TCP works Conoco Super Gasoline. If your car is

deposits Combustion older, it will restore much of the power cresyl Super Now Conoco with TCP—a lost. drastically reduce you have power

dramatically overcomes compound—

When you drive your car, deposits conloss of power and fuel caused by comConoco Super with TCP is at your Constantly build up on spark plugs and in bustion deposits. TCP actually neutraloco dealer today. Don't wait another

the combustion chambers. These deizes harmful deposits on spark plugs day to start using this new kind of gasposits can "cheat"you of power in two and in combustion chambers. With new oline—the greatest gasoline developways. First, they shortcircuit spark Conoco Super your plugs spark as ment in 31 years!

Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company

CONOCO Now at your Conoco dealer!

1953, ContinentalNEW CONOCO Surer GASOLINE W OilOi Company 849NOVEMBER 1953 V THE DESERET COAL MINELet's Get Acquainted...

(Concluded from page 848) Long before the sun comes up, shuttle car that was stuck. This faithful Latterday Saints from as far

far south to as Stake as Lehi probably their leave Stake homes saved their lives—and the northas Garfield mine, also.

for a day's work at the mine. These

"That fire was a real testimony to volunteer workers often leave home me,"Brother McArthur declares, "for at 3:30 or 4:00 in the morning in

the men were saved, the mine was order to arrive at the mine in time saved, and because of the fire we refor opening prayer held every work ceived earlier delivery on our new morning at 7 a.m. for the mine's ten

steel tipple. By fall when our order regular skilled employees who superwas scheduled the Korean war was vise the volunteers.

raging and materials of that sort were Superintendent McArthur enjoys frozen. We couldn't have operated telling the volunteer workmen how

with the burned, broken down wooden four steelworkers from Pittsburg, tipple."Kansas, came out to help instal the

By January 1, 1952, the new tipple new steel tipple and never missed atwas sufficiently finished to begin protending prayers every morning. They

ducing coal again, and Carbon, North marveled at the work output of the

Carbon, and Emery stakes were revolunteers and how well they fit into lieved of the sole responsibility of the the many and varied assignments.

EARLE G. HEATH, President rapidly expanding mine. By now Wives who have waited at home

Presidents Taylor, Luke, and Broad for their husbands to return after bent were veterans at the job, but the long day at the coal mine have

LET YOUR ROOFING AND Church leaders felt that the mining expressed amazement to see the men

SIDING PROBLEMS BE load overburdened the three stakes. return tired, yes, but by no means

OUR PROBLEMS The Deseret Coal Mine now became ready to retire! Instead, even though

We are REGISTERED CONTRACTORS a general Church welfare project. As late at night, it is a common thing

serving Utah, Southern Idaho, Westsuch, the mine no longer called for for the men to discuss and marvel ern Wyoming and Nevada. volunteer help from Carbon, North with a neighbor about the amazing

Carbon, and Emery stakes alone but mine and their day's work. They

ROOFING: branched out and asked for help from mention the fine companionship durASPHALT SHINGLES other areas. ing the trip and how good the lunches

ASBESTOS SHINGLES Coal mined at the Deseret Coal tasted.

ALUMINUM SHINGLES Mine is transported by a fleet of large Each night the workers wash off

BUILT UP ROOFS (Bond if nectrucks to the Price railroad terminal, the coal dust, but they gain something cessary) to be shipped or trucked to Church from their day's experience that won't

ROOF COATING buildings or to the central bishops'wash off, but rather remains with

WATERPROOFING storehouse in Salt Lake City, where them to build their testimonies and

PATCHING AND REPAIRING an elaborate exchange system is enrich their lives. That is why we

worked out to supply welfare help we can say that the Deseret Coal

SIDING: for needy Latterday Saints. Mine has a soul!

DUROC ASBESTOS SUPERIOR INSULATED SHAKE WATERPROOFING:

STEEL, CONCRETE, WOOD, BUILDINGS OR MATERIALS MY VIEWS ON EDUCATION RUST PREVENTING: (Concluded from page 840)

MACHINERY, METAL PRODUCTS, PIPE LINES, democratic way of life as conflict men just as I have had the responsiDISPOSAL PLANTS is the doctrine taught by the combility since the gospel was preached to munists and is the sure way to destroy me by the missionaries. I shall conCOMPLETE INDUSTRIAL us. The dialectic theory of Karl tinue with my education in the

I think furtherMAINTENANCE: Marx is based on conflict to destroy graduate school as

Free Estimates and Engineering Service capitalism. This is parallel to falleducation will make me more useful

—Service as Near as Your Telephone ingI intoam nowthe scheminggraduatedhandand ofhaveSatan.reto I myam fellownot ashamedmen. of belonging to

ceived my "sheepskin."I am no the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterEARLE G. HEATH longerceiving thinkinga degree onof thebachelorglory ofof scire- dayproudSaintsto be ascalledI hada Mormonbeen. andI ama

INCORPORATED ence as I was during my freshman believer in the gospel and of the year. I now think of a diploma as a privilege to be a student at Brigham 1640 Beck Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 4-7261 contract of responsibility to my fellow Young University.

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A NEW and Important Book On the Book of Mormon

J NEART HIED

$1.00 By ORA PATE STEWART

"Treasures Unearthed is a new and valuable "What I like most about Treasures Unearthed attempt to encourage members and nonmem- is that Mrs. Stewart has presented Book of

of bers to the Church convinced become more Mormon information that is faithbuilding in of the divine origin of the Book of Also Mormon.

to make the message of the Book helpful to the divine purpose of the book, which the people in our day, who face similar problems casual reader will not take time to unearth and of indifference to righteousness. This book is understand by his own efforts."

important and should be read by young and older members of the family."—Dr. Francis W. Kirkham

—Leah D. Widtsoe

"For more than 20 years Ora Pate Stewart has been a careful student of the Book of Mormon, and in her research and anlysis of it she has made an enduring contribution to its literature.

"In Treasures Unearthed she discusses with clarity and candor the questions and issues that have arisen in the minds of thoughtful students for over a century, and has brought together information from many sources which shed new light upon many problems.

"The book bears the stamp of the author's genius as a writer; and her discrimination as a student

is shown by the way in which she emphasizes the historic truth that America shall be a land of liberty to those who dwell upon it only so long as they serve the God of the Land, who is Jesus

Christ."—Bryant S. Hinckley

ORA PATE STEWART

MORE! scheduled for November release 925 1st Avenue

is "Brown Leaves Turning,"a book of Salt Lake City, Utah poems you will remember, including Please send postpaid and Christmaswrapped:

Hands, Day's End, Anniversary, David Pages From {Athewholesome,Book of Evewhole family book) $2.50

and the Ragman, and many others. The Gleanings (Poems) $2.50

book is beautifully illustrated with Brown Leaves Turning $2.50

charming drawings by Adell Palmer. It (Hands, and other poems)

Children I Talk About $2.00 My will be off the press in time for Christ- D (The wit and wisdom of the little Stewarts)

mas. Autographed, giftwrapped, and God Planted a Tree (The Israelitish Family) $1.00

mailed anywhere for A Letter to My Son $1.00

(For everyone over twelve) $2.50 3 Branches Over the Wall (Book of Mormon) $1.00

Treasures Unearthed $1.00

(Little known facts about the Book of Mormon)

>nmi mi imii ii i i h i iixllu 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 iinimxLLLi m i m i > 555555 5 i iiiiinimiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimi iiiyJMroc

NOVEMBER 1953 851 s + THE STRUCTURAL DESIGN OF THE LOS ANGELES TEMPLE (Continued from page 835) required provision for some forty mil- "elastic,"and the imposition of forces lions of footpounds bending moment tofe|itiiltr on them will result in a certain in the bottom wall of each of two of \\ deflection. amount temporary interior frames, approximately and

Since the /A-A for end frames were, million eleven footpounds moment IN ORGAN MUSIC architectural reasons, rigid, very it in steel truss each of each end became necessary to design interior at the top of each frame.

{ framescorrect thatresistancewouldandprovidewouldjustdeflectthe The bottom member of each frame just far enough to maintain the threewas made of reinforced concrete sixhundred-footlong floor diaphragms teen inches thick and fortyone feet substantially in a straight line. This high. Sixtytwo feet above this a steel

J>erendlpitu'DUIA Richard L. Evans

TThere is a word in our language, a significant word coined by Walpole, but little known and little used. It is

essentially: unexpected something means

for FOR CHURCH SCHOOL HOME serendipity—whichthat you find along the you are looking way when

something else. Many of the world's discoveries and much

Whatever the need... whatof the world's progress have been brought about through

ever the occasion—Connsonata avenues that have been opened when someone was seeking

is Finest Electronic "America's facts to discover that something have been found else—by school for church, Organ"

is facts. for other someone or when Columbus was looking are availmodels home. Four

able, with the popular single one of the great historic examples. Countless such accounts

manual priced only slightly could be given, not confined to the discovery of continents higher than a fine piano! For and geographic areas, but in all of the sciences, in all of the

superior allaround performprofessions, in farming, mechanics, and manufacturing ance, insist on Connsonata. See methods—and in finding friends, in personal things, and even

it... hear it... compare it—in spiritual experiences. There are innumerable things that

and you'll buy it. men have discovered, that men have developed, including

talents and resources and abilities, because they have kept

Come in or phone 9-7633 for Demworking and moving, and searching and seeking when they demonstration onstration. A private could scarcely see the first step—and certainly couldn't see for your convencan be arranged the ultimate end. There are byproducts in every process.

ience... so you can give Connsonata every test. No obligation. One thing leads to another. One step suggests the second.

And the fact that we can't see through the last door need not prevent our opening the first door in any constructive search. To few men has it been given to see very far into

aiines9 Music the future, but to make the most of life a man must keep {,<&H<Mtf moving and working and searching and seeking for better

IE 45475a/tJjateGYySOUTH MAIN ways and finer things, for knowledge, for light, for truth, 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVOJJ'2260 WASHINGTON BLVD..OGDEN for understanding. "... seek, and ye shall find; knock,

and it shall be opened unto you."1 If we are not in search

of something, we are less likely to find anything. If we are

Let us help you.. not working at something, we are less likely to make anything. If we don't keep moving, we are less likely to arrive

BRING YOUR RELATIVES, anywhere. We have to make the decisions of each day to

FRIENDS from EUROPE the best of our ability and face the future with faith. And

Bring your families by air if we keep trying, if we keep moving in a constructive direclet us sea or about worry and assist tion, we often find rewarding things that we little expect—tape. the can red We

you with all of the necessary things which we never would have found in idleness or indearrangements and book all cision or inactivity.

transportation.

Call or write today for all details:

UNIVERSAL PRESENTEDUke SpokenOVER KSL ANDlA/ordTHE COLUMBIAfrom templeBROADCASTINGsquare

TRAVEL SERVICE, INC. SYSTEM, AUGUST 30, 1953

Temple Square Hotel 1Matthevv 7:7.

SALT LAKE CITY Copyright, 1953

Phone 5-5924 852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA truss two stories deep was anchored into the side walls of each frame. The

frames are anchored to massive footings designed to float the building like a boat, that is, to provide equal unit /TA&r soil pressure on each square foot of 'dirt under them.

in size range footings Individual BOOKLET for thirtyseven square to a few feetfrom feet by sixtyeight feet by thirtyeight ORGANISTS from weigh thick, andinches a few and over six hundred to poundsthousand tons each, not including any superCHURCH ORGAN loads.imposed

I repeat that we have come a long COMMITTEES way in our knowledge of structural Send for it design since the days of the pyramid without obligation!

builders. To every Latterday Saint

there will be significance in the fact that more progress has been made in the engineering field since the year 1830 than was made in all previous

it is true that time. historical While

is an ORGAN"AN "HOW TO CHOOSE in erected bridge was a castiron indianalytical to help guide authoritative 1776, it was merely an adaption of a viduals and organ committees in avoiding new commercial product to an ancient common pitfalls... will serve to assure seart. In 1830 a great stride forward lection or the most satisfactory organ for

was made by the invention of the stood.your purpose.See yourClearlyConnsonatawritten, easilydealer,underor

Howe truss. The Pratt truss was write us today.

invented in 1844. Soon after, wire

rope was invented making possible CONNSONATA, Division of C. G. CONN Ltd., I

the elevators for tall buildings and Department 1133, Elkhart, Indiana the cables for suspension bridges. Send free booklet "HOW TO CHOOSE AN

Small steel I-beams were first rolled ORGAN"—without obligation.

in 1847, followed by larger ones in Name.

1855. These made possible the first Church. Posirion steel skeleton construction, a twelveAddress.

story building built in 1855. Hollow

tile was invented in 1871, and by 1900 MAIL COUPON OR WRITE TODAY City, Zone, State.

American engineers developed the technique of reinforced concrete to a high degree.

thing to be living It is a wonderful A Book enlightenin a period when sufficient ment has been given to enable men A Man to build great structures with materials of known strength and workMessage ability and with machinery that re- A lieves the backs of men from loads such as those imposed upon the builders of the pyramids. It is wonderful to be living when Gospel

efficient buildings so greatly facilitate men's efforts to work for the Lord, as well as for themselves, on a "mass Ideals production"basis. Selections from the

I do not wish to underestimate the Discourses of President ancient engineers who invented the lintel and the arch. Theirs was a David O. McKay

basic contribution to the science of building; and I should mention my ChristmasBuy nowGivingfor

for the admiration profound Books Church ancient Wherever achievetheir children of Lehi for Sold Are ments in the art of concrete making.

is strong evidence a This people. enlightened were an that they AN IMPROVEMENT ERA PUBLICATION J

NOVEMBER 1953 853 "Unto the Least-"

(Continued from page 837) way."Dim lights shone from a few PONT WAIT of the squatty shacks huddled in a

marshy strip near the railroad coalyards. What a place to exist! No

wonder kids became criminals. TOO LATE / "I'll git out here. I don't guess

they's room to drive much closter."

"I'm coming with you, Chuck."

"You better not, Jedge. The guys

might do somethin'to your car. I

seen some o'them hide when we was comin'down the grade. They hate

the looks o'folk that drives swell cars."Butch doubtless hated the "looks"of Gary in his shining blue convertible.

"I'll risk it."He followed the

child along an uneven, weedchoked path. "I hope I kin find a piece of candle. Sometimes I can't find it now

Butch is gone, an'I jist go to bed in the dark.""I'll get my flashlight."

The sight beyond the sagging,

open litwas floor appalling—the

filth, Now's the time for your teredcreaking door which Chuck pushed with crates a few wooden in lieu of chairs and table, a rusty old camp stove, a small pile of dirty, ragged blankets and old clothes in corner. UTOCO one

"We ain't got no chairs, but here's a box if ya want t'set down, Jedge."

I must go. I've got MUTER "No, Chuck.

a lot of things to do."It seemed

criminal to leave a child in such a CHECKUP hovel. Yes, there were many things

to do—for him—for this city in which

he lived. Resolutions for actions were

ATLAS N taking shape in his mind.

find your candle?"he let's 0... with UTOCO.'TIRESBATTHIES asked"Can'tas theyou boy looked from place

flashlight.

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY to "Nope.place by Guessthe Skinny or Dope

borrowed it. But I kin go to bed in

the dark. It won't seem bad now I

The sign that says "good eating"... stuffain't hungry.sure was Themgood—andhamburgersall thisandin

the bag fer tomorrer. Thanks, Jedge,

-.. and means Jt. Maybe that's why Hotel Temple Square an'fer bringin'me home."

Coffee Shop and'Temple View Dining Room are fast becoming Salt Lake's favorite dining spot. Wonderful food, excellent Home. That word again—in such

service, and low prices. Low prices? The most expensive a place. Had the child ever known

complete dinner on our menu is $2.25—for sizzling steak. a home? What was his background

Take the whole family to Hotel Temple Square Coffee Shop and that one waif who of Butch—the

this week. taken had another waif under

wing—who had really become hishis

brother's keeper. He must find out

many things before the opening of fSidtSm-!JZ court in the morning.

Clarence L. West, Manager Reluctantly he said good night and

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA left the room, the child's plea for

Butch following him.

The night was growing colder. He

shivered as he thought of the pile of rags into which Chuck was probably crawling.

As he drove toward town, strains of

Christmas music came from loud speakers in various directions

Christmas carols and hymns sung for generations: "Jesus, Once of Humble Birth,""Hark the Herald Angels

Sing."A symbolic star shone high

above the church. The star, the

carols—symbolsman—who hadof saidone whoto diedbe thyfor BRIGHAM YOUNG'S LUCERNbrother's keeper—"Inasmuch as ye You'll enjoy reading such articles as "BRIGHAM

have done it unto one of the least of YOUNG'S LUCERN"(October 15, 1953 issue)... an

these...."What was man doing informative and historical account of a droughtresist-

for the world Christ had saved for ant strain of alfalfa developed from seed planted in him? Utah over 102 years ago. Seventeen years ago, a

Selfcondemnation sickened him. Santaquin, Utah, farmer handharvested seed from

lots alfalfa plants that vacant on still growing were at a drugstore to teleHe stopped in City. estate Salt once a part Young's of Brigham Lake

his wife.phone

"Marian, I'm sorry, but something YOU MAY ENJOY THIS ARTICLE BY SENDING FOR A FREE COPY has come up. I won't be home for OF THE OCTOBER 15, 1953, ISSUE OF THE UTAH FARMER

sometime yet. No, I'm all right.

Nothing has happened. I'll come as The KeepUtah abreastFarmer with... 24Utahbigruraleditionslivinga andyear.UtahOnlyfarming$1.50 througha year;

soon as possible. Don't worry. Yes, X"****** 3 years, $3.50. Some of the many features of every issue:

yes, I'm all right. I have a plan for

Christmas that I am sure will please AicHomeInterestingsectionfarmfor andmodernlivestockfamilystoriesliving.and news.

stories. Better farming gardening and Ted. Yes, I'll hurry. kyou—and

. "Ar girls. for section.. especially Youth boys andGoodbye."

... Fulllength novels entertainment -k Genuine

He drove to the city jail.... selected from the latest and best fiction. Thein serialsUtah

"I want to see Butch Moran,"he Farmer averages two fulllength books a year... They're

told the warden. carefully picked for good, clean entertainment in reading.

(To be concluded) STARTING NOV. 5

"PLOW THE DEW UNDER"... a lively new historical

YWMIA - An Organization to Co.,novel Newby HelenYork). ClarkYou'llFernaldenjoy this(1952,storyLongmans,about theGreenAmericanand

ization of Mennonites who emigrated from the Crimean

Build Testimonies itsteppestells ofof RussiaMennoniteto Kansasexperiencesin the 1870's.in Kansas—experiencesExcellently written,

(Continued from page 827) reminiscent of the troubles that Mormons encountered a approval. It is interesting to note that century or more ago.

in April 1906 President Jennette

McKay (Morrell) of the Weber Stake, THE UTAH FARMER HAS BEEN IN OUR FAMILY beloved sister of President David O. AS FAR BACK AS I CAN REMEMBER

McKay, submitted her plan for her Personally,I enjoy The I Utahhave FarmerKeen a. subscriber.. it keepsforyouthe abreastpast 25of what'syears.

going work. on... what'ssummer is doing. neighbor your new and what

also particularly appreciate reliability the the advertising of The summer camp for girls was itI it contains definitely influences purchasing... my

promoted in Liberty Stake under the R. HARVEY DASTRUP...

able direction of Emily H. Higgs, Richfield, Utah

stake president, and later to become a member of the general board, with the active cooperation and assistance <Tfa SEND FOR FREE COPY of the stake priesthood presidency.

THE UTAH FARMER of 191112 winter the months During UtahESTABLISHED IN 1880FarmerSALT LAKE CITY UTAH

St. Richards 36 their officers plans perfected the stake

Salt City, Lake Utah Sister Higgs for camp. the summer

to as useful can be me as you checked: states that plans included the the Utah's say.I wantEnterto findmy subscriptionout if your formagazinethe period

converting of the stake as a whole to Exclusive 1 year-} 1.50 D 3 years- %3. 50

the desirability of the project, the Farm and CH Send me a Free Copy, without obligation on my part.

raising of money, the selecting of a Livestock Narne suitable site, and the organizing of Magazine Address.

the camp itself. The plans as tested Postoffice-

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1953 855 YWMIA -- An Organization to 2 to 18 % MORE (Continued from preceding page) and perfected by Sister Higgs and her coworkers became the basic procedure followed by other stakes in the promotion of their summer camps. KNOCKFREE POWER

The need for summer work also prompted the organization of the Bee

Hive work. During the years while

the stakes were organizing their summer programs, a careful study was made of the Camp Fire movement for SINCLAIR girls. Finally, this program was tried

out in some areas and suggested by the general board as a possible summer activity if the stakes wished to adopt it. However, the cost of this

movement made it prohibitive for some of the wards and stakes. The [vomer*]

SUPER recommendationgroups that some cameother fromprogramthesebe jtyty introduced which would prove less expensive.

In March 1914 a committee of the general board was asked to consider the question of adopting the Camp

Fire program or some other program suitable for the fourteen-, fifteen-, and sixteenyear-old girls. This com-

m. mittee consisted of Ann M. Cannon,

chairman, Charlotte Stewart, Emily

C. Adams, and Rachel G. Taylor.

Elen Wallace became a member shortly thereafter when Sister Taylor was assigned to another committee.

At June conference of 1914 Sister

Cannon stated, "For the past two years we have been studying the Girl

Guide and the Girl's Camp Fire movements, and we find that while neither one suits our needs perfectly, *Tn eachIt washasstateda goodthatdeal thethat stakesis desirable."might

either program. follow Thus the SEE YOUR SINCLAIR DEALER of continued program for the summer

1914, at the end of which time seven hundred girls achieved. OFFER,,.. WE dissatisfaction with There was some order now for COMPLETE A the as programs, indicated by SERVICE both ENGRAVING

Christmas From Missionary Portraits to the Largest remarks of Sister Cannon, and Lucy

Catalogues. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention W. Smith suggested that the word

Bee Hive be used in a new program, Gospel UTAH ENGRAVING CO. since it was the stake emblem and

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah had Church significance. The Life

Maeterlinck Maurice Bee by of the read, seemed the symbolism and Ideals was

... $1 Selections nbreakable moulded the from appropriate. In October l>*'particularly glass. to look like Lif / Discourses of President suggested 1914 Sister Ruth May Fox I.... free. noise weight,

from your Order dealer. selected for this young group in the David O. McKay Domical. Standard height. that the name Bee Hive Girls be SPECIAL OFFER

At All Church Bookstores Mail SI. 00 for trial lot of Mutual. The work was formulated

one dozen sent postpaid. and made ready to introduce to the

55 Sudbury St., Boston 14. Mass. field for the summer season of 1915.

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

By the middle of February the Bee

Hive committee, through its chairman Ann M. Cannon, presented the

following recommendations:

There should be three ranks, to be known as Builders in the Hive,

Gatherers of the Honey, and Keepers of the Bees; the director should be

known as a Bee Keeper. The insignia of achievement should consist SSfflS

of links which when united would constitute a chain. The motifs and

a pendant were to be added to signify the ranks attained. One motif was

the flower; the other a bee; and the

pendant was a large bee. The suggested watchword, "Woman-ho,"

was also adopted. SPEBEY The committee further suggested

that, although the Bee Hive plan had been instituted as a summer program,if necessary, the work could be carthepancakemix with ried on throughout the entire year.

The colors: brown, dark yellow, and

blue were selected. These fields wereadopted in which the girls might real sour

achieve: religion, health, public service, home, outof-doors, domestic

arts. cream

The age of the girls was at first from fourteen to eighteen, but in 1934 the First Presidency of the Church assigned the twelve and thirteen year buttermilk old girls to the YWMIA. The question now began to arise as to the advisability of keeping all of the young nuSS5

women in the two departments. In

February 1921 Granite Stake had requested permission to conduct the senior work differently from the plans for the Senior Class, introducing some features that would appeal to girls of this age. May Green

(Hinckley), Florence Perry, and

Mary Riches were the presidency requesting permission. Bertha S. BiGOiocktA.Stevenson was superthe stake board

visor of this age group and had perfamous food aufected an organization for her wards. thority of General

The enthusiastic response to the program and its general acceptance by Mills, says: "These

the stake prompted the general board are real sourcream, to have it introduced at the June buttermilk pancakes conference of 1922. The plan was like your grandmother

explained; encouragement was given used to make. They're

to have all wards and stakes follow light, tender, buttery..

the lead of Granite Stake in making this plan operative among the girls taste wonderful. Easy too.

of this age. The buttermilk is right in the

One problem which arose was the mix. Try them now. They're delicious."

question of a name whereby this group could be known Churchwide.

The plan had been followed of perIt's the sourcream buttermilk thatmitting the girls in each stake to XbernyPANCAKE AND makes Sperry pancakes taste so good choose their own name, in much the WAFFLE MIX (Continued on following page), SrERRy AND "BETTY CROCKERARE REG. TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

NOVEMBER 1953 857.

YWMIAAN ORGANIZATION TO BUILD TESTIMONIES

(Continued from preceding page) eral Church use as the designation

For today's BEST BUYS same way that the Bee Hive Girls for this group.

in pleasure trips.. had chosen their individual names Other departments were added as

use and symbols. Finally the name the need arose for them; activities

GREYHOUND'S GleanerFox. Thewasnamesuggestedhad bygreatRuthsignifiMay wereitself. increased as the need presented

cance, suggesting the story of Ruth To tell the complete story of the

Bible. in the not until It was of the development Mutual would reMay Vacation 31, 1928, that however, of several quire the space magazines the name

fanning Gleaner Girls was accepted for genthe size of The Improvement Era.

ervice s..

Ask your Greyhound Agent now On WoM WJl 2),one the of dozens Greyhound about

to tours that take America's Richard L. Evans you

is an unhappy day in the life of any man when he fails most beautiful vacationlands. IT

Let Greyhound'sVacation Planto find sincere satisfaction in doing useful things for the ning Service planjust the trtp you joy of doing them—and in doing them to the best of his

want arranging for hotels, ability. We may have ambitions; we may want money;

special sightseetransportation, all position; as Ruskin of which, prestige and we may want

cost.'low ing Or observed, as all of are admissible objectives, secondary but vacation plan on. your.. all ownfor one

which are subordinate in giving satisfaction and in producing

EVERY DAY LOW FARES! essential qualities of character. Superseding them all is the

sincere satisfaction of work well done. Most of us are obliged

GREYHOUND topremiumwork whetherfor takingwe wantpride toinorwork—thenot. But therepride isofandoinginevitablemore

than simply getting by, the pride of equaling or improving our past performance. It was the Savior who said, "Be ye

therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in heaven is perfect."1 It may not appear that this kind of perfection

is within the reach of mortal men. But the reaching for

it is within reach. And we should not be satisfied with subWHEAT MILL standard performance. We should not be satisfied with sec-

A NECESSITY IN EVERY L.D.S. onds, but only with a product on which we could be proud

HOME WHERE WHEAT IS to place our label. The makers and manufacturers of many

STORED... things may sell seconds and substandard products under

(ORDER NOW! This another name. But a man in his own life cannot hide behind mill cracks or grinds

wheat, corn and all another name. His label is indelibly on everything he does.

kinds of hard or Even if it isn't actually imprinted on his product, it is imsoft grains. Grinds

flour or cereal. Also printed on his own soul, on his personality, on his inner

peanut butter. appraisal of his own performance. As one man bluntly

Hopper negative a phrase, holds l!4 fashioned but meaningful: perhaps "Do

pounds. 2 far all fall so the best you enough."bad can—that's We FULLY

GUARshort of perfection that less than our best is less than acANTEED BY ceptable. In doing our best, in being at our best, we become PEHRSON

HARDWARE better. In doing less than our best, we move backward.

And any time we attempt to get by with as little effort as

Moil This Coupon we can, we somehow slip inside ourselves. Since we should CO., PEHRSON HARDWARE

Postage East 2102 life since such swiftness) with (and moves must work and City, Salt Utah LakeS. Uth and

Please send one ourselves ask that are always it is important me Wheat whether we we is Tax Inclosed $6.50 check or moneyMill.

If top product, putting out top our our performance? can we Paid order.Name shall affirmatively, the happiness have suranswer and we Address

$650 StateCity passingand willinglysatisfactiondone. that come only with useful work well

Jhe spoken)poteen lA/ordword FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 6, 1953

iMatthew 5:48.

Accredited to Anthony C. Lund, former conductor of the Tabernacle Choir.

2102 So. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah Copyright, 1953

<5X>> 858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Some insight can be gained through a cursory look at the two departTHE ments already discussed as well as that of the summer camp movement.It is difficult to give a true picture HAMMOND ORGAN

of the development of any organiza- ''Music's Most Glorious Voice"tion. Who was the one responsible

for each facet of the association is is giving POSITIVE service in more than likewise difficult to ascertain. In 300 Latterday Saint Chapels.

Church work the chief beauty is the united effort that brings about the desired results. The YWMIA is part SIMPLE TO PLAY

of the Church. Wards, stakes, and

general boards have worked unceas- \ SIMPLE TO INSTALLingly to fulfil President Young's ur- W 9 NEVER OUT OF TUNE gent request when the association was formed: "I wish our girls to obtain LOW MAINTAINANCE

a knowledge of the gospel for themLOW FIRST COST selves."Each worker has added her

bit to the perfecting of the plans.

to the line and drawWhere give NEED WE SAY MORE? impossible.credit is united almost The

thinking of many may have impelled one person to a sudden flash of inFor Complete HAMMOND Information

...spiration, but the preliminary thinkWrite, Phone or See Seldon N. Heaps at

ing and the constant prayers of the entire membership insured the correctness of the planning. GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO

Since the organization of the 2546 Washington 74 So. Main St. 57 No. University

Young Women's Mutual Improvement OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO

Association in November 1869, the constant purpose behind each activity, each lesson, each organization has been to help "the young daughters of Israel to get a living testimony of the truth."Classes have been organized, activities introduced—all to

the end that the young women of the

Church may find increased happiness here and hereafter by building their lives securely on the foundation of the gospel. especially for your New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study (Continued from page 831) Book of Mormon shines. Blass, then,

notes that when these details occur in considerable numbers (as they certainly do in the Book of Mormon) menus \jwe can confidently assume a genuine text, and, above all, when the large > china Wnumbers of details fit together and prices prove each other, we have the strongest proof of all, for difficulties increase not mathematically with the length of a document, but geometrically. PERFECT FOR FAMILY DINNER

Speaking of the Jaredites, the author has said: "Incidentally, I find the parallels between the Jaredites and COFFEE

the early Asiatics very impressive, but taken together their value inSHOP creases as the cube of their number. Hotel Utah

In the Book of Ether they are woven Max Carpenter, Manager (Continued on following page) See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party - KSLTV, 4:15 p.m.

NOVEMBER 1953 859.

NEW APPROACHES 10 BOOK OF MORMON STUDY

(Continued from preceding page) If it is totally "outside the usual and into a perfect organic whole, a confamiliar"course of events for an igBALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS sistent picture of a type of society norant rustic to produce a huge and the very existence of which has come elaborate book, that proves that he to be known only in recent years."9 didn't write it; but then we are "unFor Blass this is the final test. der obligation to supply a credible

A principle on which Blass lays explanation"of who did. Recently

great emphasis is that "whatever lies clergymen have been making much outside the usual and familiar"is to of the claim that Sidney Rigdon was be regarded as "incredible."10 Hence the man. The claim is ridiculous

the sly, stupid forger must go out the Rigdon himself would have shouted window. But what about Joseph it from the housetops were it true

Smith's story? Does that lie in the but even if that were so where does

province of the usual and familiar? it get us? The fabulous forger has

THESE BALDWIN i>JXDKDvj>KJvV>J\JS3s.'X?

DEALERS

to serve are ready.. you \Jn Jsfcarvedtina too -Soon vicinity. in your own

Ask for a demonstration. Richard L. Evans

tn days of restlessness and of uncertainty, sometimes people

UTAH (all people, including young people) are disposed under pressure to make shortsighted decisions—decisions that seem

LOGAN attractive at the moment, but which may imperil future

Cache Valley Music Co. prospects; decisions that may seem to come closer to what

1060 North Main is wanted right now, but at the risk of placing a permanent penalty upon the future. In the lives of many young men

and women this is a season of decision: whether to return SALT LAKE CITY to school or stay with what seems at the moment to be temptPalmer-WatkinsClark ingly profitable employment; whether to abandon preparaMusic Company tion and seize a shortterm gain or to forego some things

60 East First South now and lay the foundations for a more solid future. There

are figures that could be placed before us which show that

SOUTHERN UTAH & NEVADA it is unquestionably costly to sell the future short. There

are figures to show that an adequate period of preparation

McAllister J. W.

St. Utah pays in material terms as well as in service and satisfaction. George,

No doubt there are individual circumstances which justify postponing preparation, which justify a quick harvest for a

IDAHO specifictoo soon,purpose.cuts shortBut thetoo shorttotal alongtimegrowing season,return. harvestingThere is

some feed in the field as soon as the first green shoots show

IDAHO FALLS themselves, but there is greater yield when one cultivates, and waters, and waits. This nation, this generation needs pre-

R. Larsen George

Idaho pared people, and every young person needs to be solidly Idaho Falls, prepared for the future. It sometimes means selfdenial;

it means some waiting; it almost always entails some sacrifice,

REXBURG some resourcefulness, some postponing of desired things to

George R. Larsen complete a period of preparation. But the years pass quickly,

35 College Avenue and the sacrifices, hard though they seem, are soon over;

rewardand for andthoseof whogreaterhaveservicemade andthem,satisfaction.there is theWithpromisea longof

MONTANA look at life, the temptations to take a quick return should be placed in proper perspective. And to those who may be

BUTTE hesitating to complete their preparation, let this be said:

Len Waters Music Company Don't let the season for plowing and planting pass without 119 North Main Street plowing and planting—lest there should be a short harvest.

BILLINGS "DL Spoken UU"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Lindamood Music Company SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 13, 1953 224 North Broadway Copyright, 1953

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

merely changed his name. As if one

were to say, "They claim that a man the Canyon. Grand Jones dugnamed

pleasure y.->: 't **.—.,........ "It is with that pride and I can

ItPreposterous! named \ v'-;.'V-. -'.-'-.-:. was a man. highly.. the recommend Baldwin

Brown!"In a word, who in 1830 Electronic Organ... after a careful

could have written the Book of studyof differentand investigationmakes includingof manythe variousorgans

Mormon? pipe organs... our committee selected

Joseph Smith's own story of the the Baldwin Organ."

hook's authorship certainly lies far "outside the usual and familiar,"and Music Supervisor of Teton County Schools, we have every right to ask for special Member of Teton Stake Presidency.

proof of it. This he obligingly supplies when he puts the book in our "The Baldwin Organ, Model 10...

hands and asks us how we explain purchased from you a year ago, has given persatisfaction, as to entire bothit. Books of Mormon do not occur us

,. fills all and upkeep. formance

at all "in the usual course of events."needs admirably."our

Therefore, we have every right to doubt the book's existence, except for

instrumental Music, Chairman State Agricultural Collegeone thing: We have the book. The Utah

only alternative to Joseph Smith's explanation is to assume, paraphrasing Blass, the existence of a forger who at one moment is so clever and "Our young people enjoy playing the adroit as to imitate the archaic poetry organ... it's easy to play... proven to

of the desert to perfection and supply yearsbe verysinceeconomicalits installation."during the past two

us with genuine Egyptian names, and yet so incredibly stupid as to think that the best way to fool people and get money out of them is to write Bishop Santa Clara Ward an exceedingly difficult historical epic of six hundred pages. Endowed with

the brains, perseverance, and superhuman cunning necessary to produce this monumental forgery, the incredibly sly genius did not after yearswit to know, of experience have the BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGANS in the arts of deception, that there are ten thousand safer and easier ways of fooling people than by undertaking a work of infinite toil and danger Model 5 Model 10 which, as he could see from the first, only immensely unpopular. him made

CINCINNATI 2, OHIO forger is the existed. THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY This who never

According to Blass, there has never BUILDERS OF: BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS HAMILTON VERTICAL AND GRAND PIANOS

been a clever forgery. Some forgeries

have been very successful, but that ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS always required the willing coopera- tion of dupes and and salutary neglect of critics. A classic illustration of the

principle is furnished by an experience of the Arab poet Khalaf alAhmar, by whom, according to Nicholson, "the art of forgery was brought to perMake your reading time yield a profit fection"in the eighth century A.D.

After the scholars of Basra and Kufa THE IMPROVEMENT ERA suggests had accepted his work as genuine for many years, the imposter, grown old and penitent, confessed to them that A New Approach the verses he had palmed off on them as genuine writings of the ancients To Family Reading were really his own compositions. trash, more religion—less rubbish, To this honest but belated admission, More truth—less

less degradation. the scholars gave the astonishing more uplift—

reply preferred that they to regard The "New Approach to Family Reading"Campaign is on as the documents genuine, pompously (Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1953 861.

New Approaches to Book of

Study WORLD'S FINEST BASKETBALL Mormon (Continued from preceding page) declaring, "What you said then seems to us more trustworthy than your present assertion."1011 They believed

CAN'T COSTS the forgery because they were determined to, and from many other cases

PEEL NO it is clear that the numerous forgeries

OR MORE of the Arab poets were successful not because they were cleverly done, but

GIVE THAN because of the ignorance, gullibility,

AT ORDIand above all the eagerness of the schoolmen to accept them. As late

THE NARY as the nineteenth century German

SEAMS BALLS scholars were still studying as the genuine work of a Greek poet an adroit imitation composed by the celebrated

Joseph Scaliger: and yet the document that fooled them was not even

a forgery, for Scaliger had actually

SPECIALISTS IN signed his name to it! If no forgery

COMPLETE OUTFITTING can stand without the will to believe

SpwiXtogGoocU, OF TEAMS IN ALL SPORTS it,is present,on the otherno forgeryhand, onceis toothatclumsywill

Bennetts, Ogden—Bennett's, Prcvo to be acceptable to the experts.

Logan Hardware, Logan This point is further illustrated in

Co., Eastside Paint Idaho Falls recent studies on the false Isidorian Co., Pocatello Glass Idah* & Paint

65 W. First South—Solt Lake City Twin Falls Glass & Paint Co. Decretals, the most famous and influential of all forgeries. It is agreed

among experts that whoever produced this celebrated cornerstone of papal power could only have succeeded in the ruse by being "strong enough to prevent any investigation of its origin SAVED Build and hence the discovery of the with.. fraud."11 (To be continued)

Bibliography Improvement Era, Vol. 53, January to

October inch, 1950; Vols. 5455, November, 15% December, 1951, January to July, inclusive,

in 1952; book form, Lehi in the Desert

the ON FIRE INSURANCE and World Jaredites of the (Salt Lake for thousands of owners City: Bookcraft, 1952).

best available 2The treatment in English of "Preferred Risk"of the nature and rules of textual criticism

Properties. is to be found in the introductions of the

five volumes (especially see volumes I and of A.E. V) Housman's PROPERTY QUALIFY? CAN YOUR Manilius (Cambridge other fand

Univ., 1937).

will tell. Free inspection Ask 'ri building 3Friedr. Blass, Kritik, Hermeneutik and

your of America General agent ii Section materials Einleitende (pp. 149295) und or broker—or inquire for the HilfsDisziplinen, being Vol. I of Iwan

name of our agent nearest von Midler's Handbuch der Id. Altertumyou. 49 East First South, Salt swissenschaft (Munich, 1892).

Lake City 1, Utah. Tel. 4771 7. Buehner Block Co. 'Ibid.,"Ibid., p.p. 294.292.

Buehner Blocks and Accessories 'Ibid., p. 294.

2800 South West Temple—Salt Lake City Ibid., p. 293.

'Ibid., p. 291.

C3* eLehi in the Desert, etc., p. 257. Blass,

op.wIbid.,cit., p.pp.295.294, 133333"10aR. A. Nicholson, A Literary History of Otto Buehner & Co. The Arabs (N.Y.: Scribners, 1907), p. 134. SEkfe'Mosai—Cast Stone—Marble uJoh. Haller, Niklaus I. und Peudoisidor

640 Wilmington Ave.—Salt Lake City (Stuttgart: Cotta, 1936), pp. 158 f.

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA No Man Is Safe

(Continued from page 833) prize."He voiced what they were

all thinking.

"I guess it wasn't such a hot idea,"

Pete added, "but we thought he was right behind."the Book

"Do you think he's lost?"

"No. His team would follow these everyone will

tracks, if they could."

If they could! Fear was more than cherish forever a blanket now. It becamea shadow

of guilt that tightened relentlessly about them. KING JAMES (AUTHORIZED) VERSION

"Drive on,"Todd said, "I am going back after him."

"Not alone."Bob jumped from - - > - x.Vt.\.*$**

the load. "I'll go with you."Bob,

with his easy winning ways, had been ringleader in yesterday's waste:X'&)V

of time. But Todd had been in

charge. Dad Peterson had warned

him against this very thing.

"No. Keep going. All of you.

You might make it to the nearest farm while the visibility lasts."

"What visibility?"Andy asked,

attempting humor.

Eric raised the reins, but Bob a natiOltal Bible grabbed a bridle. "No, you don't,"

he yelled above the scream of the sold at leading Bible stores everywhere storm. "It would be suicide. It is

my fault we took this condemned cutoff."here.""I am in command Todd Opportunities Unlimited at of authority at the note shockedwas

in his voice. "Get that team going,

and if possible bring help. Can't yousee he cried when their shoulders EVENINGMake use of leisureSCHOOLhours on

stiffened, "that I am not going to be Monday and Thursday evenings.

responsible for another life?"YOUR FUTURE MAY LIE IN THESE

Very slowly Bob turned to the MINUTESload. "Get the bedding off,"herdered. With his knife he cut the ENROLL NOW

ropes that held the wood. The load These and many other classes open for evening study:

practically dumped itself. It made a HYSPEEDCPA COACHINGLONGHAND TYPINGGREGG SHORTHAND,AND OFFICE MACHINESSIMPLIFIEDbarricade across the road—if anyone

should be foolhardy enough to atOur placement department gets scores of calls for jobs tempt the impossible. starting from $175 to $250 for qualified personnel. Prepare yourself for one of these important jobs.

It took but a moment for the storm...to swallow the outfit. For a full minCall or write for further information

ute Todd watched where it had been.He took his compass from his pocket, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

noted his position, then with fingers made clumsy with cold replaced it. |WTV!|KI'SI.\'KNS rOLLKKE Braiirh

wind, against theSetting his shoulders I 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY to ablehe started was back. He W LfljJ

follow the wheel tracks, but that wouldn't last long. They were fast

covered.being and onl On Conference addresses of General Authorities abruptly. stopped Great He

Caesar's Ghost! Lamar couldn't be will be published in the

back this far, not if Andy had heard the horse, not if the team was mov- (Continued on following page) DECEMBER ERA

NOVEMBER 1953 863 NO MAN IS SAFE

(Continued preceding from page) frenzy was Lamar? have He may DESERET NEWS ing. Hell hath no fury, he purposely. thought, turned In that case Todd

PRESS like a soul laid open for selfinspec- was walking needlessly into oblivion.

tion. He'd gone blindly on trusting The word startled him—oblivion! to chance. "No man is safe—"cerTo save a boy who might already be Congratulates tainly not out here. safe! Or, to search for a boy who

Again Todd looked at the compass. could never be found. Foolish! He

He was all right, but where was had better turn back while the turnLamar? Where in all this freezing ing was good. He could still see the RUTH MAY FOX

imWf--,:.:..:.:.:"..

Richard L. Evans

A mong the long list of things that make men unhappy, none is more devoutly to be avoided than hate in the human heart. And among all the elements and ingredients

of which human happiness is made, none of them, nor all of them together, will produce the desired product without love.

The physical factors of unhappiness, ill health and hurts and hardships and others; and the passing jealousies, the

passing anger, the passing envy, failure, discouragement, uncertainty, resentment against injustice—all these may be

difficult at times to bear, and may at times seem all but unbearable. But in all of them together there is not so much

of malignancy as there is in the unhappiness that comes with hate. Even some deeply serious sorrows may have in

them an element of sweetness. At least there are sorrows

that mellow men. But there is no sweetness in hate. In

hate there is only a hard and an ever yet harder hardness.

Even punishment in hate misses its purpose. With hate

On the occasion of your 100th we can hurt or harden a person or crush him completely.

birthday, we salute you! We But the punishment that more likely leads to repentance

commend you for your many and improvement is "by persuasion, by longsuffering...

years of faithful service to the and by love unfeigned;... reproving betimes with sharpness

Young Women's Mutual Im-... and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love

toward Assn. provement him thou Your devotion hast lest reproved, whom he esteem thee

spirit to to duty, your courageous be his enemy."There may be some seem to who be

and your very way of life typify deserving of hate, but there is no. one who can afford to pay

the true Latterday Saint womthe price of hating because of what hating does to the hater an. What a better world this inside himself. It is a poison that compounds other poisons with would be more women in a literal, physical sense. its Besides mental, emotional, like exactly Ruth May spiritual Fox. and ravages it does to damage the very physical

of makeup a man. Hate voids the virtues. other With it

Heartfelt Appreciation also.. there peace, is no happiness. no it there With is meanness

to Belle S. Spafford, Bertha S. from man to man. And he who lets hate have hold of him

Reeder and LaVern W. Parmwill be destroyed by it, if he doesn't control and conquer it.

ley at stand the of head who are These written as being foremost the among commandRelief Society, the Y.W.M.I.A. ments: shalt love "Thou the Lord thy all with God thy their Primary, to assoand

- heart, ciates all and to Latter thy and as neighbour day thyself."... give may We

Saint everywhere women who alms and admonitions; keep other we may commandments; are actively in furengaged

thering the Lord's work. but without love there is sterility in the letter of the law;

without love the hearts of men are hollow; but with it all

things may be made bearable.

Deseret News Press Spoken Word from TEMPLE SQUARE31 Richards St. Salt Lake City, Utah Jhe

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Phone 4-2581 SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 20, 1953 a Doctrine and Covenants, 121:41, 43.

Plant1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) 2Matthew 22:37, 39.

Phone 7-1584 -SALT IAKE CITY Copyright, 1953 864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tracks made by the wagon wheels.

They led back to life and safety.

The way he was going—no one

could survive long in such weather.

Go back while there was time. He

slogged on.

Later Todd stopped and shouted, but an enraged storm caught the words and tore them to shreds. He

looked about for tracks, but there were none. He took out his compass and tried to look at it as he

walked. His foot came on something

sloping, and he pitched headfirst into the snow. He struggled awkwardly

to his feet, but the compass was gone.

He spent precious time looking for it.

It was no use. So small a thing and

so much snow spelled an impossible task. Squaring his shoulders he

went on.

He laughed grimly. He, Todd

Edmunds, was alone—alone! Utterly dependent on himself! He'd read of

such things, but come to think of it he had never worked himself out of a jam. His mother had always been

there to take over. Come to think

of it all this trouble had come up since her passing.

He shuffled along, trying to see, trying to hear, trying to keep his bearings. Slowly, as the enormity of

his situation became clear, an exultation warmed him. His own and another's life depended on the way he For Xmas

handled the situation. Maybe he

was man enough. Probably wasn't, Phonograph Records

but there would be enormous satisfacFor the L D. S. Home tion in knowing he tried.

Sometime later he braced his back THEadaptedSTORYand dramatizedOF NEPHI the Book from of Mormon to the wind. He would get his

records semiflex 78 rpm—$3.75 Two 12"breath before trying to call again. KOLOB >

The wind snatched the call from him JESSIE EVANS SMITH making it weak and inane, then, as if... YOUR Roy Darley, Accompanist

taking pity on him, shed its violence. with"AngelicM.I. A. YouthChoir"Chorus

For several seconds there was no KEY TO "That Sweet Story of Old"storm, no sound in the universe exSolo cept his own labored breathing. No BETTER "In the LuxembourgSolo Gardens"

sound? He tensed abruptly. Some- "Four Ducks On A Pond"

Solo thing—over to the right—someFAMILY Two 10"semiflex

each thing—the high whinny of a horse. -<$>-records 78 rpm—$1.16

lull for Except storm, in the the he GLORY OF KING PROTECTION it. not heard would have Clean Hath That

like You'll the onestop, record 78 rmp flex Hands—$1.31 time12"sem( Hehis to life, cupped Snapping Todd service offered saving insurance

his his hands put and about mouth the by He AGENT. KOLOB SONGS OF PICTURE BOOK has MY

cleverly of risk policies for 19 these type and every love Children strength, his hopes, his determination tunes dramatized will underhelp to avoid gladly you call. Resentfully the storm into one in album 10"records—$3.25 Three overcostly protection save and

snatched up the blanket of silence lapping. More than 300 agents in At your dealer or direct from

but not soon enough to smother a Utah, Idaho, Montana, Nevada.

faint answer. FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. RECORDING

Turning, Todd threshed his way over the uneven ground. It was ARTS, INC.

ironic that this should happen to 19 West South Temple St.

Lamar, Lamar, who had refused to Salt Lake City, Utah play around yesterday and had col330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City UtahAddcustomers35c postageaddfor2 percentall mail salesorderstax

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1953 865 NO MAN IS SAFE (Continued from preceding page) dulled by pain and despair, bright- "Why didn't you come on with the lected his load of wood! He had ened at sight of Todd. Todd turned horses?"

fought against taking the cutoff. from that look. Suppose, just sup- "I—I wanted to save the load."

Todd came upon the outfit before pose Lamar had been pinned under A spasm of pain twisted his face.

he saw it. The wagon had tipped, that load. "What happened?"Todd He put his hand to his side. Startled,

and two wheels were elevated groasked again. Todd ran his hand under the other's

tesquely. The team was tied to "I went into a hole, or something, coat. Lamar winced with pain, but

one of them. Each horse was covwith the left front wheel,"Lamar there was no blood.

ered with his own blanket. Trust tried to speak above the whine of the "Keep moving if you can,"Todd

Lamar. Already the snow was makstorm, "then it jerked out so suddenly cautioned and turned his attention

ing a mound of the load. the other wheel ran on a rock, and to the wreck. Spokes of one of the

"What happened?"Lamar was over we went. Andy and Pete had wheels were broken. "Okay, Wise

holding to Baldy's blanket. His eyes, just left. I tried to call them."Guy,"he muttered to himself, "work

yourself out of this."Panic was rising in him. If a lesson was indicated,

why not start with something less than the impossible? A few minutes

ago he had thought his own and

Lamar's lives depended on him.

Joke. He and Lamar were standing

on the brink of eternity, and some power other than his would tip the balance. "I think we should make a windbreak of the bedding,"Lamar said, "We'll never get out of here tonight."

"Can we tomorrow?"

"Not if it keeps on snowing, but it might let up, and the boys might bring help."

"Would it be difficult to find us?"

Lamar shrugged. "All mounds

look alike under the snow, but we have a slight chance if we hole in."

"We'll take our chance traveling."

Lamar wanted to argue, but Todd waved him aside. There was a way,

there had to be a way, and he had to find it. Something had stilled the

storm and given him his chance.

Slowly, reluctantly, from the pattern

became clear and sharp. What 8 ofmindeasy habits force emerged. Todd's

he did must be done quickly.

"Dear Lord,"he prayed, "show me the way."Suddenly he saw it. Theh AROUND

two posts Lamar had put on the bottom of his load were now on top IN#

Here you see a huge coil of stainless steel tubing being welded in of the pile. He might make a sled

of them. a 15,000gallon, stainless steel vessel which will be used by a leadAfter some searching he found ing pharmaceutical maker for the fermentation of penicillin. Lamar's ax. He tugged and lifted

until he had the logs in the clear.

Corrosionresistant, sanitary TJ-S-S Stainless Steel proves an Then planning as he went he notched a groove near the butt of each post ideal metal for a thousand vital jobs in almost every and a shallower one at the small ends.

industry. Only steel can do so many jobs so well. Hethe laidlog chainthem sideand byloopingside. itHethroughfound

the grooves fastened it with the grabhook. He used rope to fasten the

so stiff with snow it was difficult to UNITED STATES STEEL smaller ends together. The rope was

handle but that lessened the danger 866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the knots slipping. When finished wondered where his flashlight was. shook his head trying to remember

he had a sled, crude, but it would do. On and on. Stumbling, picking why they should keep going.

"Gee,"Lamar muttered, stirring himself up, urging the horses. He Todd did not know how long he

from his apathy, "I didn't know you lost all feeling, all consciousness of had been looking at the light before knew so much."time and circumstance. He forgot he really saw it. The team had

"I didn't."Todd thought the Lamar. Once he fell and lay still stopped, and he couldn't seem to

words, but only a grunt came from but the log hit him in passing and reach them. Hands, men's hands

his lips. He must have read about instinctively he grabbed it and held were forcing him along. He was in

such a sled or seen one or someon. Slowly he struggled to his feet a room where the warmth was overvoice cut his a man's Baldy. powering. back to fought Then way felt as if he had been andthing. He

of his mind. the through the always storm semicoma and on, and On for hours.working on it

whipping and tearing at him. It "It is a miracle, but they are both

After the sled was finished, there was driving in his face now but that safe."

came the equally hard task of digging meant nothing to him. But when he Safe! He remembered now, "No

out the bedding, freeing it of snow felt the horses stop he slapped and man is safe—until he has mastered

and getting Lamar inside a sleeping urged until they started again. Lie himself."

bag. Part of the bedding went on

the logs and the rest over Lamar, then both boy and bedding were lashed to the sled with what rope there was. He had to remove his

gloves for that, and he was a long time replacing them. Without removing their blankets he hooked the

horses to the double trees and fastened them to the sled by bolting the clevis through the chain. When DEVOTED

ready he looped the reins over his wrist and spoke to the team.

The horses lurched uncertainly andhad to be urged to start. Once TO

started Todd gave them their heads, for their instinct was more reliable than his. Darkness came swiftly and inexorably. YOUTH

Snow was not falling as heavily as before, but the wind was stronger.

The flakes were fine and dry and stung his face into numbness. He

had played around leaving no margin for safety, so this would be a test of endurance. If God would help

him get Lamar home, he would ask nothing more. The university founded by Brigham Young for the

There was enough snow to let academic and spiritual growth of youth the poles slide easily but not enough salutes to be a hindrance. After what seemed

an hour he fought his way to Baldy's shoulder and hung the reins on the RUTH MAY FOX hames. He put his hand under the who has devoted nearly a century of effort to the development

blanket and clung to the harness.

The storm held steadily from the of young people of the Church or so southwest, he thought, and its it 22 Throughout Fox Ruth 78 years was May When forward. drove the horses It should

leaders old has produced years in the been marhad and have been about four miles to the ried two years, Brigham arts, sciences, religion, and county road, but surely he had covYoung signed a deed of trust business because it has deered twice that. For all he knew he which set up the university veloped the WHOLE man

was going west instead of east. The which bears his name. through balanced education.

logs whipped about and caught at the slightest pretext. Occasionally Winter quarter registration—January 4

they caught in a way that brought the Write Registrar for information.

horses to a sudden stop. Then, Todd,

feeling his way in the dark, would tug and pull until he freed them. UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG At such times he made sure Lamar PROVO, UTAH

was on the sled. At such times he

NOVEMBER 1953 867 Melchizedek Priesthood Presidencies Meetings

Weekly Presidency Meeting Weekly Council Meetings and Priesthood quorum and groups are

Efficiency selected at the weekly presidency

TheChurchGeneralof JesusAuthoritiesChrist onceofagainthe It is believed that the members of councilhave themeeting;responsibilityand theof presidenciessupervising

remind the presidencies of all the presidencies of the Melchizedek these teachers and seeing that they

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums that Priesthood quorums who have a present the prescribed priesthood it is the policy of the Church that strong desire to do the best work of course of study efficiently.

a presidency council meeting be held which they are capable do meet at (2) Preparations for the quorum once each week. (See Melchizedek least once each week in council meetmonthly business meeting are made

Priesthood Handbook, page 21.) It ings. Those presidencies who do not at the weekly presidency council

is suggested that either Sunday afterdesire maximum efficiency hold their meetings. (Ibid., page 36.)

noon or a certain evening be set aside council meetings once every two (3) Quorum presidencies set up for the holding of these meetings. weeks; and presidents who are conquorum standing committees at the

tented with no more than twothirds weekly presidency council meetings

General Church Policy effective results hold their council and supervise the work of these commeetings once every three weeks; mittees. (Ibid., pages 27, 32.)

and those presidencies who desire (4) Reports of the activities of the

Not only shouldall Melchizedek merely to get by in their priesthood standing committees and assignments

Priesthood quorum presidencies hold appointment hold their council meetto these committees are made at the weekly council or presidency meetings, ings monthly. weekly presidency council meeting.

but bishoprics and stake presidencies It is possible that those presidenFor the purpose of carrying forward should also hold council meetings cies who do not meet at least once this part of the work successfully, the once each week. In fact, experieach month know so little about the quorum presidencies should be armed

ence has proved that weekly council conditions of their quorum and the with rolls, records, graphs, charts, meetings are necessary for the proper needs and problems of all the quorum statistics, etc.

and most efficient conducting of the members that they are doomed to (5) Quorum presidencies regulate various organized groups in the certain failure. Those presidencies group organizations at these meetChurch. have little or no concept regarding ings. (Ibid., pages 3133.)

the program of the Melchizedek (6) Quorum presidencies are to

Pattern Set By General Priesthood and how the quorum memdevise means and ways to get every

Authorities bers should be guided. Certainly, member in their respective quorums

they could not direct the members active in Church work and living all

Recognizing this fact, the General of their quorums in carrying forward of God's commandments. The presiAuthorities have set the pattern by the full program of the Church; and dents should become familiar with the

hoMing their council meetings once they themselves probably could not matters recorded in the confidential each week, or more often; for exbe very thoroughly informed regardreport on tithing, Sabbath day obample, the First Presidency meet at ing the responsibility, calling, and servance, family prayers, Word of

least once each week in a presidency program of the Melchizedek PriestWisdom, and other matters relative to meeting; the First Presidency and the hood. For these reasons and others each quorum member. In these counCouncil of the Twelve meet every not mentioned, the presidencies of cil meetings, quorum presidents should

Thursday in the Salt Lake Temple in the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums use this information to good advantheir weekly council meeting; the are urged to hold their weekly countage in planning for the welfare of

First Council of the Seventy also meets cil meetings. every member of their respective quoeach Thursday in the same holy edirum.

fice; the General Authorities of the Business Conducted at (7) The economic welfare of quoChurch report their conference and Melchizedek Priesthood Presidency rum members should also be a matter

mission assignments each Wednesday Weekly Council Meetings for consideration at the presidency afternoon; and the Presiding Bishopcouncil meetings.

ric meet at least once each week. The vital question has been asked (8) Supervision and direction to

Thus, it is advisable that the presioften by Melchizedek Priesthood quoquorum and group secretaries should dencies of the various organized rum presidencies: "What should we be given at these council meetings.

groups throughout the Church hold do in the weekly council meetings (9) The social program of the quotheir council meetings at least once and what should be our procedure?"rum is to be planned at the council

each week if the work of the Lord In answer to that question, the folmeetings.

is to go forth in the most effective lowing is suggested: (10) Quorum projects are formuway. (1) Teachers for the Melchizedek lated at the council meetings, etc.

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood Melchizedek Priesthood standing comand class instruction. Then the

Suggested Procedure mittees, namely, (1) personal welpresidency could be joined in their fare, (2) quorum activity and Church meeting by all of the group leaders

There are a few days more than service, and (3) factfinding and staand the teachers of the various four weeks in all the months but tistical committees. Where quorums classes. Thus, the presidency could

February, which actually amounts to are divided into two groups residing direct what is going on in the various thirteen weeks in three months, *in two or more wards, each individual groups and give them vital instrucmaking it possible for Melchizedek in these groups assigned on the tions.

Priesthood quorum presidencies to standing committees should be Since there are thirteen weeks each hold thirteen weekly council meetpresent at these presidency council quarter, as previously mentioned, the ings each quarter. How could the meetings. The handbook states: presidents of the Melchizedek Priestfour council meetings each month and hood quorums are provided with an

the extra council meeting each quarter Sufficient quorum members should be apextra week every three months which to good advantage in be used to profit by Melchizedek topointedoperateto theseefficiently.committeesWhereto quorumsenable themare could be used

Priesthood quorum presidencies? comprised of more than one group, each holding a meeting with their quorum

It is suggested that one of the group should have one or more representaand group secretaries. On this ocweekly presidency council meetings tives on each committee. Group leaders casion, it would be advisable for the

each month be devoted to making welfareshould alsocommittee.be membersThese ofare thequorum,personalnot presidents to meet in a preliminary

preparations for the monthly quorum group, committees. (Ibid., page 27.) meeting of approximately one hour's

meeting. length to take care of any quorum

Another of these weekly presidency At these meetings the members of problems and arrange business for the meetings could be devoted with profthe quorum presidency could receive meetings which should follow with it to quorum problems and to probthe reports of the work accomplished the quorum and group secretaries. At

lems of quorum members. Intelligent by each member of the standing comthe close of the presidency preliminary

and prayerful efforts should be mittees under their jurisdiction. They council meeting, the quorum secreexerted to devise ways and means to also could give the committees'astary and all group secretaries could

help each quorum member to grow signments to be performed during the join the presidency and receive profitspiritually and to attain economic following month. able direction, instructions, and help

independence. At this presidency A fourth weekly presidency counin their assigned work. This would

council meeting, plans could be decil meeting could profitably follow a afford opportunity for the quorum vised to bring into activity all of the pattern similar to the one just expresidency to analyze the reports and inactive members. Devices could be plained. The Melchizedek Priestrecords made by secretaries, and also

contrived to make the strong Melhood presidents could meet for apgive them the opportunity once each chizedek Priesthood members stronger proximately one hour in a preliminary quarter to give instructions relative and those who have weaknesses to presidency meeting for the purpose of to secretaries'duties.

overcome those weaknesses. Thus, all studying problems relative to group If the foregoing policy were put into

members of the Melchizedek Priestleaders and also to group teachers effect and carefully carried out, quohood would be encouraged to keep rum records could be kept upto-date;

all of the commandments which God quorum presidencies would become has revealed for the perfecting of the familiar with the work of the quorum

Saints; and so as quorum members MISSIONARY'S REP< and group secretaries; and all secrethey grow in brotherhood, spirituality, taries would become efficient in conand Godliness. When this is fully Bu Horteme Richardson ducting their assigned duties.

here, missionary accomplished, presidencies son—this is my quorum this procedure in J his presented The

of truth, Speaking confident words a successful completed and article, have work, as * outlining a proprogram and clear; God expects them to do. This son of mine I reared through pain and cedure for each presidency council

The third weekly presidency counjoy meeting, is suggestive for more effecstill a tive work in the Melchizedek Priestcil meeting could be divided into two Standsboy.before me now, a man—yet

of the first, hood quorums Church; howpresidency a counsessions—the

I listen the say, with hear rest and him ever, there alterations cil be some may meeting, second, the a meeting and last "'These best years hi every two were fit this of to of procedure the needs of presidents the their standing with way;

committees. Under this arrangement, My parents have taught me. from the start the individual quorums and condiit is suggested that the presidents of all Theseof truths.my heart."Thank you from the bottom tions.

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums meet It is hoped that the suggestions for approximately one hour in a preDo you wonder then, that I am very proud given in this article will prove helpliminary presidency meeting for the Of crowd?him, who speaks so humbly to the ful to presidents of Melchizedek

purpose of working out assignments My heart is full—content with passing Priesthood quorums throughout the

years, for committees. the standing in their Then carrying Church forward and

excuse a Father's happy tears. their Please the presidency could be joined in conducting the weekly presidency

meeting by the members of the three meeting.

NOVEMBER 1953 869 Thepresid'mg Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 SEVIER STAKE BOASTS TWENTYFOUR WITH PERFECT ATTENDANCE

RECORDS FOR TWO YEARS OR MORE Twentyfour AaNew Activity Charts ronic Priesthood bearers, Sevier Now Available the(Utah)priceStake,of successknow and its satisfactions.

\X/e are happy to announce the availEach one has attendability of our new Aaronic Priested all priesthood and hood activity charts. Those desiring to forsacramentthe numbermeetingsof

make use of the charts should order years indicated by them in the near future so that, come his name, as follows:

the new year, they may be ready for First row: Paul Oguse. den, 2; Stanley Davis,

The chart measures thirty inches wide 2;RonaldRichardFarnsworth,Hanie 2;

by twentytwo inches. It is printed 2; William (Billy)

.on heavy paper suitable for displaying White, 3.

Second Roger Row: where those interested view may

2. Christensen, Dale, 3; 4; the Ogden, Bryce Riddle, Agustus, 5; James 3; John Thomas record of each quorum durmember 2; 2; Robert Davis, 2; Young, Third row: Ogden, 3; Ronald Robert Ogden, DeVon

ing the entire year. Maughn Pearson, 3; Richard Pearson, 3.

The chart provides for the listing of Larsen,Those4; Lonnieabsent whenAgustus,the 2;photoThonywas Sharp,taken: 2;GaylordWayneHarward,Hansen, 2;2; DahlMax Winn,Jensen, 2;2; DavidJohn

each quorum member's name and for Colby, 2.

recording his record of activities in all requirements of the individual Aaronic

Priesthood award for the twelve months Measure Senior Members By Life's True Values of the calendar year.

One chart should be ordered for each 'T'he challenge of the group adviser to fleeting. Their lasting values are limquorum desiring its use. The chart senior members of the Aaronic ited by disease, accident, or age.

is furnished without charge. Priesthood is to recognize the character Position and power are brought to an

qualities of the men with whom they end by an adverse vote, a careless inare called to work and to direct their vestment, or death.

activities along the paths that lead to The qualities of faith, virtue, knowlsuccess in life. edge, temperance, patience, brotherly

Prepare for Home Stretch The world's evaluation of a man's suckindness, godliness, charity, humility, cess is often distorted and warped beand diligence are the true values of cause of the in Award Program application of improper life. They last forever, when nurtured, devices. measuring

bring exhappiness, freedom, and and Its for acclamation wealth, beauty,'T'he stretch in home the proaward altation to possess those them. who social physical prowess, prestige and for is us. 1953 gram upon canWe are qualities to the in magnify often blinds us to the hidden but more Theynot expect if to break the tape we coast

lives of senior the of the members spirit. qualities valuable of thethrough these remaining few to weeks

December 31. Fortune is fickle; wealth is lost overAaronic Priesthood. They are the true

Last year, many boys, several wards, night. Physical beauty and prowess are measures of man's success.

and some stakes missed out on the awards by such narrow margins as to leave no doubt that had a little more organized effort been expended durPart Three In Leadership Meeting Is Essential ing November and December, they would not have had to watch the parade Considerable emphasis has always are so often responsible for the unforgo by. been given part one and part two in tunate toll of inactivity in the ranks of

the ward Aaronic Priesthood leadership the Aaronic Priesthood.

individual The Aaronic Priesthood meeting. all of prayerful of study the items A isaward program designed to posmake For other, reason or the imsome listed in of the order for business eachsible of grand one parade winners, with of part portance three quite never has of the council meetings, two should conevery Aaronic Priesthood 12 bearer to into focus of before so come our many every vince bishopric of the indispenparticipating.21, are parade ranks The bishoprics. wonder why! We sability three. of part forforming 1953. Will your now boys are arising, There problems every

be part of it? Or will they stand by month, in every ward, which cannot The Handbook for Leaders of Aaronic

wishing they were in the grand march? appropriately be listed for consideration Priesthood Under 21, pages 3638, conThe ward and stake Aaronic Priestin the order of business for either part tains the suggested order of business

hood award is within the reach of all. one or part two. Therefore, unless part to be followed in the council meeting

Two hundred and fiftynine wards, and three is conducted, as recommended, of the ward committee for senior memfive stakes, earned the award for 1952 there arises the imminent danger that bers of the Aaronic Priesthood and anto prove "it can be done."When you the problems peculiar to each of these other order of business to be followed

read the "honor roll"for 1953, will your divergent programs may receive the unin the meeting of the ward committee ward or stake be included? organized and belated attention which for Aaronic Priesthood under 21.

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Ward leaching Parallels Aaronic Priesthood Social Program Not to Be Neglected

HThere is some evidence that our 3. Where only a few Aaronic PriestMissionary Service

are enrolled in boys hood Priesthood social or Aaronic frater- a ward and for a of happiest the moments Ane branch, socials for all group nal including program boys under twentyone is converts missionary an he when priesthood bearers being is not under given the twentyone emphasis it should gospel. to the investigator honest

held. receive. should that be emphasize of discontinuation the With We declared of missionaries have Thousands

a are because the only enrolled, standard refew the award, which quorum of misthe this climax to experience be this should socials, not feature few quired denied Priesthood be there Aaronic has been a rather serious letdown in this in our program. sionary work. Every missionary hopes

activity. In none of the above recommendations to have this soulsatisfying experience

his in career least the at during once social concerning our Aaronic Priesthood In sections, feel leaders that some our ministry.

is fraternal there program and conany is social Aaronic Priesthood program of truth shouldn't conversion a Why flict the with whatever assignments and responsibility the of as the the MIA thrilling experience? seeker be a The prerogatives of the sugMIA. do We recreational in the agency ward. Where bringing that plain has Master made gest, Priestthat however, our Aaronic persists, this little feeling find or we

is the while souls unto worth most him leaders, direction of the the hood under Priestnothing being Aaronic by done it is Since the pursue. one can work bishopric, assisted of secretary the by leaders to a hood priesthood promote

it greatest will the greatest bring work, for Priestthe Aaronic committee ward social fraternal program. and

faithfully those to in engage joy who correlate twentyone, our under hood

Priesthood our Aaronic To assist priesthood social program with the MIA it.

leaders in clearly their understanding to avoid conflicts. The work of ward teachers parallels

responsibilities in this matter, we list of missionaries. is a misTheirs that that all recommend We further the following recommendations are responsibility, sionary for auxiliary too. They to leaders of boys twelve

your guidance in this part of our protwenty-one be invited to attend Aaronic to "see that all the members do their gram: Priesthood socials that there may be the duty."Many ward teachers bear wit-

1. We specifically recommend that, proper example of wholehearted coness to the joy they have received

under Aaronic Priesthood leadership, operation among leaders interested in through bringing indifferent members each Aaronic Priesthood quorum of the same age group. back into activity. There should be lityoung men under twentyone, hold a tle difference in the reward missionaries

quorum social at least twice each year receive for bringing converts into the and preferably each quarter. (Many Church and the compensation ward

quorums have a quorum social every Individual Award Record teachers may expect for reactivating month, year after year, and with excelthose members who have become inlent results.) Increases Each Year different and apathetic toward the

2. In addition to the quorum social, Our progress in the number Church.

there should be at least one social each of individual Aaronic Priesthood Those ward teachers who have not year, under Aaronic Priesthood leaderawards issued since the program yet brought someone back into activity ship, for all Aaronic Priesthood memwas begun in 1946 is indicated in should accept this challenge at once.

bers under twentyone in the ward. the following records for each year: When this is accomplished, it will add

Senior members of the Aaronic Priest1946—8,364; 1947—10,320; 1948 to the joy of service, increase the enhood are often made a part of this an11,705; 1949—12,643; 1950—13,842; thusiasm of the ward teacher, and thus

nual event. In many wards, and in 1951—13,996; 1952—14,721. make his work more effective.

some stakes, this social is held each year; (1) in connection with the celebration of the restoration of the Aaronic LOGAN SEVENTEENTH WARD AARONIC PRIESTHOOD, CACHE (UTAH)

Priesthood; (2) in connection with a STAKE, are shown about ready to take off for one of those choice days of fun which

program honoring those achieving the boys never forget.

individual Aaronic Priesthood awards; Bishop R. Owen Yeates, together with his counselors, quorum advisers, and quorum

(3) both. presidencies give proper attention to the social and fraternal side of our Aaronic Priesthood program, too often neglected on the ward level.

NOVEMBER 1953 871 s IRISEditorPARKER oday r

Lucy Grant Cannon Has Food Specialties, Too

You can talk with her for a few The Improvement Era, she said, minutes and you think, "Why, she modestly and sincerely, "I can't is just like my own mother."There is imagine myself posing as a cook,"

no pretense nor affectation about Sisbut considerate and helpful as alter Cannon. Her charm is in her ways, she willingly cooperated. She

naturalness and in her inherent good has included, along with several of manners and vital interest and conher holiday favorites, some yearLucy Grant Cannon cern for everyone. You can discuss round standby's.

a recipe with her as you would with When Sister Cannon was in what any neighbor over the back fence, at is now the Western States Mission, ease, completely. She does not dethen the Colorado Mission, back in

mand, but she receives the greatest 1901, she learned how to make her of respect and consideration because famous onion dressing which she she herself is the embodiment of all serves with her Thanksgiving turkey

Sister Lucy (or "Lutie") Grant the highest qualities of LDS womaneach year. A little English lady, a

Cannon needs no introduction to hood. Yes, Sister Cannon is a great convert, taught her how. Sister CanLDS Church members. Her long woman, whether she is presiding at non says, "It sounds like a lot of

career as a general board member, a gathering of the leading women of onions, but it really isn't."

executive, and general president of the Church or is on an errand of the YWMIA has carved out a special mercy to a sick neighbor. She inOnion Dressing

niche for her in our Church hall of herits these qualities of a gentlefame. But only the fortunate people woman no doubt from her noble 4 loaves of stale white bread (with

(they, however, will number in the Church lineage, being a daughter of crusts cut off) thousands) who have had direct conPresident Heber J. Grant and Lucy \y22 tablespoonspounds butter(approx.)or margarinesage

tact with her, though ever so little, Stringham. Incidentally, she has 1 tablespoon pepper

know her for the lovely, generous, been called "Lutie"much of her life 6 pounds onions, peeled and sliced downto-earth housewife and mother in order not to confuse her with her that she is. And it is in this role that mother. Fry onions in butter until light

we want to introduce her to our When I asked Sister Cannon for brown. Then add to crumbed bread,

readers. some of her recipes for readers of {Continued on page 874)

The first requisite for fine stuffing is a goodtextured bread, not too fresh.

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SNACK TRAY frvSln il Ail Trim ATTACHED TO

BACK OF SPERRY (OF EXTRA COST) WHEAT HEARTS PACKAGE

DOZENS OF USES

V Snack tray V Dresser tray V Pin dish V Pencil tray V Candy dish V Wall plaque m\vvrtl

V Salt & Pepper Shaker Holder

Dainty individual snack tray—6V2"long

by 4W wide. New exclusive rose pattern

on soft black background. Made of durable metal. Easy to clean.

LOOK FOR THIS SPECIAL OPEXTRA COST

WHEAT HEARTS PACKAGE SNACKTRAY

AT YOUR GROCER'S OHBACK OF PACKAGE Right now! Sperry makes this sensational

offer so try Hearts you can Wheat... the Ikl nourishcereal containing tasting grand hot

ing wheat germ. Wheat Hearts cooks in 3

minutes. Only a penny a serving. Tray comes

attached to package. No coupons or boxtops

to mail in. No extra cost to you. Don't wait.

Get Wheat Hearts now... while special tray Contains

packages last. g m

"SPERRY."AND "BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTEREDtfVWTRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

NOVEMBER 1953 873 Know Your IDS Cooks (Continued from page 872)

Logan, Utah, girl won first cooking contest at age 11

Teenage Cook Wins Top Awards

16year-old Elaine Tingey shows Prizewinning cooks prefer Be sure the dressing is packed lightly.

her mother the 45 cooking awards Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast!

she's won. Last year alone Elaine Out of 9,449 prize winners surveyed,

took 12 ribbons at the Utah State over 90% use this grand dry yeast.

Fair, the Pacific International ExIt's much handier than oldstyle position and the Cache County Fair. cake yeast—keeps for months. Now

Like so many prizewinning cooks, when you bake at home, it's conElaine uses Fleischmann's Active venient to use yeast. But use the

Dry Yeast. "It's tops,"she says. best—get Fleischmann's Active Dry

"And so easy to use."Yeast—in thrifty 3-package strips.

Here is a strongly spiritual, faithpromoting book to read in the home or send to a missionary. The story of a woman

... who was caught

"In The Skewering keeps the juices in.

Gospel Net II Try If today! Good

A story of faith unbounded MORNING MILK By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

%**>?"deluxe edition at a q,. A L.D.S. SONGS REAL

Ip 1. /O price each, postpaid 25c modest

"THE TEMPLE BY THE RIVER"—SSA—any L.D.S.

IN SWEET KEY"—SSA—Girls. "LIVE LIFE A

IS LIVING"—SSA—Singing Wherever Church books "EVERYoccasion. SOUL

ARE"—SAB—Mixed WE are sold "WE'LL mothers. REMEMBER WHO

it. will love teenagers. They

Order from MARIE'S MUSIC, Shelley, Idaho Brush lightly with butter.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA874 sage, and pepper. No other moisture

is necessary. If there is more than

enough dressing to stuff the turkey, cook the remaining portion in a double boiler for about two hours. Add some

of the turkey drippings as the stuffing cooks. It is hard to tell which has been

cooked in the turkey. This recipe

should be ample for a large turkey.

Plum Pudding

12 cups dry bread crumbs 6 cups milk 3 cups molasses 1 pound ground suet 6 pounds raisins 2 cups sugar 1 pound chopped nuts 2 tablespoons cinnamon 1 tablespoon nutmeg 2 teaspoons salt 2 tablespoons soda

Add molasses and milk to suet. Mix

dry ingredients. Combine mixtures. Add

nuts and raisins. Turn into buttered

molds, cover and steam for three hours.

Serve with the following sauce or with a lemon sauce:

Whipped Cream Pudding Sauce

1 cup whipping cream 1 tablespoon sugar 1 egg yolk (beaten light) Y2 teaspoon vanilla Whip cream and add sugar as cream THROUGH THE YEARS, delicious grainrich flavor. And you will,

is thickening. Fold in egg yolk and Instant Postum has become too. So why not join the everadd vanilla. Serve immediately. a real tradition in thousands growing family of Era readers

of Improvement Era families. who serve caffeinfree Postum? Icebox Cookies

Young and old alike share in the Get a jar today. Instant Postum

1 cup brown sugar enjoyment of Postum's hearty,—at your grocer's.

1 cup granulated sugar shortening 1 cup CONTAINS NO CAFFEIN MADE INSTANTLY 1 (if desired) cup nuts OR OTHER DRUG IN YOUR CUP y2 pound dates 2 eggs 1 teaspoon soda 3J4 cups flour Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs,

well beaten, and soda. Add flour gradu- A Product of General Foods

ally and fruit and nuts. Roll in four Mivi'MiiMw< [) -l>- -0- -< <-'. -mam-t.:.-* < -- <>--( i-mm

rolls. Cover with waxed paper and let

slices overnight. in thin andstand Cut the SupportingBIBLEthe DocIN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS 1000KNOWScriptural Passages minutes. tenbake at 350 for about The

time of baking depends on the thicktrinesConfirmingand Teachingsthe Biblicalof theProofL.D.S.andChurchTruth andof Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

ness of the slice. "Mormonism."sore throat and other minor mouth

5th Edit.—272 Pages—Plastic $1.00, Cloth $2.00 and throat irritations.

Coconut Cookies BENJ.PostpaidALWARDdirect from the148CompilerFirst Ave.,& PublisherS. L. C, Ut.

1 cup sugar HALLS REMEDY 3 egg whites Salt Lake City, Utah 1 teaspoon vanilla l!/4 cups shredded coconut

Sift the sugar. Beat egg whites until Bishop or Organization Head

stiff. Add the sugar very slowly, beatbeautifulIf you Christmashaven't receivedFolders thisyouryearsampleswhich ofincludeour

ing constantly. Fold in the vanilla and aof fullthe colorLos sceneAngelesof SaltTempleLakesendTempleyourandnamealso andone

coconut. Drop the batter from a teatitle

CO. a wellfloured greasedspoon onto and PRINTING toMAGAZINE CO. SALT LAKE COSTUME

City, Utah Salt Lake St. Richards 3-1031 39 St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main (Continued following page) 248 on

- 1953NOVEMBER 875 Know Your LDS Cooks

(Continued from preceding page) For delicious tin. Bake the cookies in a slow oven,

300, for about 30 minutes. Makes

about 50 one and onehalf inch cookies. TURKEY Caramels or Turtles **/"& v-

2 cups granulated sugar 1 cup white syrup dressing Y4 pound butter 1 large can condensed milk or about 2 cups whipping cream 1 cup nuts (if desired)

Combine sugar and syrup and stir until partly dissolved. Place over heat and

RECIPE when boiling briskly add butter. A few

later or minutes add condensed milk WEASY little Mix together.. d crumbs this at a cream, a time. During

process keep the mixture boiling and 6CUP diced on.ons P stir continually. Cook it to medium neyoel. on your candy l/2 CUP e. hard ball stage—230

thermometer. pour, while done When ifyU teaspoonoon poutayseaSong\> hot, into seveninch square pan. greased 1

scrape cut pan. cool Do not When 1 teaSP

nced celery into squares paper and wrap in waxed or place in candy cups. They keep inof definitely. U efl Add -d crop reg.on put or three petwo To make turtles, df bo w Pa dressing of halves can in about tablespoon a tith -<\ caramel candy. Shape into turtle and

dip in sweet dipping chocolate. If the

"?T candy is too hard, when shaping, warm

zait a little; if it is too soft, put in the

refrigerator.

*&>*. Corn Soup

VHI* 1 can corn 1 quart milk 2 tablespoons flour 1 tablespoon butter Y2 teaspoon salt dash of pepper

Combine corn and milk and heat slowly. Let corn remain in milk for

about a half hour to season it. Then

put through strainer. Thicken with

flour and season with butter, salt, and

Milk Improved Bread pepper.

Enriched with vitamins and iron

T—Toliday parties at the Cannons are always fun and include good food

that's almost too pretty to eat. Slices

of fruit cake and exquisite little cakes, cookies, and candies are delicacies you'll

Your Bookdealer now has. For: never forget. Some of the loveliest morsels on a tray of Sister Cannon's goodies

Sister uses She says that she Work Norma eclair Gospel book -ft'-':'-OF Missionary are the miniature cream puffs she serves. Anderson's recipe (see ImproveMORMON Teaching ment Era, September 1953, pp. 709710)

Aid and drops the batter from a teaspoon. Ideals 18 One recipe will make from 60 to 90

Selections from the Study small cakes. After they are baked, she

Discourses of Help splits them open and puts a little

PRESIDENT cream filling in each one. They are

frosted in delicate green, to $5.00 Send colors—white, DAVID O. McKAY or ZCMI pink, yellow, look and chocolate. They Co. Deseret Book

Ideal for Christmas Giving Salt Lake lovely and taste even better. These

small cream puffs can also be used for 876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

chicken salad. Make them a little

larger—not more than 50 to a recipe

and fill with your favorite chicken salad. No more gardening with

When you talk with people who have oldfashioned tools for me, been close to Lucy Grant Cannon and friend. I got a set of BOYCO'S

have eaten often at her home, you'll new black beauties.

find that they praise her party foods, her homemade ice cream, her rich puddings, and creamy candies, but they reserve their most enthusiastic comments for the "Grant bread."It's a

tradition in the family. Begun by

President Grant's wife, Augusta W.

Grant, this crusty bread is baked in long, thin loaves and served piping hot from the oven. You could make it out of

favorite recipe, breadyour if you had loaf to BRING YOUR GARDENING pans.the "Grant"have They

be made by a tinsmith after a special UP TO DATE WITHdesign.

Sister Cannon has had a full, rich life of service to the Church. She was one ofthe first unmarried women to go on a BOYCO'S

regular mission. She was called to

serve on the general board of the BLACK HANDLED TOOLS

YWMIA in 1917 and acted as a counselor to two presidents, Martha Home Why be satisfied with garden tools you have to

Tingey and Ruth May Fox, before she hide in the corner of your garage because you're was called to the presidency on October ashamed to have anyone see them.

29, 1937. She was released from her Why have to apologize for the way your yard

responsibilities as president after June looks because you can't get a '54 effect with 1918

Conference, 1948. For thirtyone years tools.

she labored in the presidency or on the Instead, latch on to a set of Boyco Black general board of the YWMIA. Handled Tools—the first really new garden tools

Past and current members of The in years. You have only to see them to recognize

Improvement Era staff have a special their advanced features... grainhardened for

spot in their hearts for Sister Cannon. greater durability... scientifically balanced and

She has been interested in the welfare finished for a tighter, noslip, notwist grip..

of the Era and one of its ardent boosters specially treated to bring out all the natural from the time it was first begun under beauty of the premium ash grain.

the guidance of her father. At one Boyco's black beauties make your gardening

time she, with her sisters, addressed and chores easier, your disposition better, your neighstamped thousands of letters to the memborhood prestige greater, and your yard the pride bership of the Church urging their of the block.

support of this vital magazine.

Sister Cannon has been so busy with her Church work and rearing her family that she has had little time to devote to hobbies; however, one of her

nieces says that her chief one is "feeding It people."is true that this is

... GRIP... the BETTER no more BEAUTY GREATER EXTRA RUGGED...second nature to her. slipping, there twisting. or tools handles. are grainwhite grained is Boyco When

sickness or a death in her neighborhood, toughnesshardened forand superduraSteelern-finishferrulestool headsand modgive Boyco'sGrainhardenedblack beautiesfinish of is grip the resist handleshe lets you sure to Handles a distinctive arrive Boyco the bility. promptly on

vise, tight as splitting a splintering, saves or didn't style think youtoolsscene a with plate of sandwiches, cooktear hands. tools. on rain. wear left in possible in and garden even when

ies, or a thermos jug full of steaming soup, or if the weather is warm, a freezer of homemade ice cream. COLOR HARMONIZED HAND TOOLS **<,">*

On general board conventions her are just natural companions for your company was eagerly sought after, she longruggedhandledconstruction,black beauties.same modernSame

styling makelaughingly claims because her cogardener. upto-date them a "must"for the %workers knew traveling in that anyone

the same car with her would never go *W IOOK FOR BOYCO GARDEN TOOLS hungry. She always took along a big Of your Hardware, Nursery, Feed or Department Store

box of tempting goodies—to

getting carsick, she says—but keepwe ratherfrom UNlfED STATESDIVISIONSTEEL PRODUCTS

think it was because she loves to "feed UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION people."5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

On one occasion when she and Brother

Cannon were returning from a North- (Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1953 877 KNOW YOUR LDS COOKS

(Concluded from preceding page) 6,000 guests at their canyon home, which was originally built for President Grant.

vacation, their west overautomobile is Sister the of wife Cannon George turned. out, crawled not They much executive of Cannon, vice president J.

for the worse the experience, but the the Beneficial Life Insurance Company.

of occupants passing cars stopped who celebrated their They golden wedding to help concerned. were them much anniversary 1952. on 26, June

the of astonishment was one What Grant lived Lucy has always Cannon solicitiously inquiring was who man close to the Lord, the and he has been to her Sister about health have Cannon life. guiding influence in her has not She

say, turn the tables and you "Won't of enjoyed the best health late in years, an apple?"have to gasp, managed He but her great, heart is as her faith and

"First time I ever helped out someone is as is as ever. unwavering a She

of offered a wreck apple."was and an help a comfort a blessing and and to

Their lovely summer home in Emigraall whose lives she touches, and as

Why Share Your Space tionplace Canyonfor her sixis childrena favoriteandgatheringtwentytheher lovedThanksgivingones and seasonfriends approaches,know they with a Swinging Door? one grandchildren. Including the have much to be thankful for in the

a "MODERNFOLD"family, they have entertained more than life of "Lutie"Cannon.

door takes none MORE NEW COLORFULSPACE FORBEAUTYLIVING.

RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL MOVABLE WALLS the doors that fold like an accordion

ForALDERSdemonstration write or phone 1343 South Main Salt Lake City

Phone 7-1531

Please send me your free booklet entitled "More Space for Living"IEIT. by Ruth May Fox

NAME Address City State.. y own experience shows that we Fourteenth Ward. If I could turn

cannot always direct our lives back the years and could find myself just the way we would wish. surrounded by the wonderful oppor- M

for of School big tunities than Sunday the present sure day, I am<y CENTURY OF Other there prostrive of no youth and little, was the I would most to make gram in my early years such as we them. Fortunate indeed is the girl

have todav in MIA. I was well bewho finds herself in a wholesome

yond the teen age before there were Latterday Saint home, where order any regular meetings for young men and obedience are the rule, and famWrite for information and women in the Salt Lake City ily worship through prayer is the pracon type of organ in which you are interested.

ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT.

HOTEL LANKERSHIM 7th & BROADWAY ROOMS WITH BATH From $3.50 Single—$5.00 Double

New Dining and Supper Rooms IN THE VERY HEART OF Ruth May Fox, who named the Bee Hive department, talks with her teenage grandLOS AN&ELES daughter, as she was beginning Bee Hive work.

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tice. I am sure I would be active in

Sunday School and the YWMIA. Iwould strive to master the principles gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH

of the gospel and I would store my mind with passages of scripture from FRITOS DRESSING

Serves 6-8the standard works of the Church.

5 slices Bread These would not only be my guide, 1-N cups Lightly crushed FRITOS Corn Chips but they would also serve me in an- (measured after crushing) swering questions about my belief, Vi cupmedium CeleryOnion (chopped)(chopped) and would assist me to influence % cup Chicken Stock others favorably. l tsp. Poultry Seasoning

l Egg I am proud of my Church for the 2 tsps. Baking Powder

position it takes in regard to recrea- 1 medium Apple (chopped*) tion. If I were in my teens, I would DirectionsSoak bread in water until moist. Add remainingin-

find great pleasure in the recreational gredientsfor 45 minutes.and pour into a greased pan and bake at 375 F.

program of my ward and stake. I addedSuggestions:if desired. Giblets and hard cooked eggs may be

believe that I could find my choicest FRITOS is the registered trademark of the Frito Co.

companions, both girls and boys, within my own Church. I would try A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT!to choose my girl friends and my boy

friends from among the best; but I

Irealize that to have would do so of best to dethe to Oo-o-h! 1ft onemake myself

serve the best company. I would

not be a snob. I would be friendly

with all, but I would not cultivate the close companionship of the coarse and the vulgar. I would seek to be

worthy of the friendship of boys who showed their worth by their activity in the priesthood and the auxiliary organizations, and I would hope to find amongthem the one above all others that would become my husband.

I realize that a good man appreciates a good wife. I would therefore be diligent in my teen years in MORNINGv

cultivating the homemaking arts. I

would learn to cook and to make my MILK own clothes. I would want to be

more clever than those who depend altogether on the readymix and the can opener. I would pay tithing

on I earned, what and I would careful be PIKES PEAR with or earnmy allowances ings. I it believe help would many FLOUR to people learnyoung without. to do

As a girl I had very little, and I am With FOUR inclined to believe that thrift and Extra Baking frugality should be more highly reAdvantages MAKERS OF \

MILLS MARCAL PAPER NAPKINStogarded.attain—ifTheseI werevirtuesin Imywouldteens.strive SALT LAKE FLOUR

425 West 5th South HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

SEVENTEEN Salt Lake City, Utah A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA [

By Elizabeth S. Norris YE KING'S REST MOTEL

526 SOUTH 5TH STREET Tt seems but yesterday she wore Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

*- small, starched pinafore, Edgar H. Foutz, Manager gingham A American Seating Company

Mattresses braids Throughout Beautyrest securedHer rubber with bands,

Two front teeth missing, stubby hands Church Furniture for every need

In need of frequent scrubbing, eyes Pulpit and communion sets, fonts and lecdelivery. early for available Also DRINKAlight with wonder and surprise. terns

carvings, furniture, Bodiform Pews, chancel

She now aspires to evening frocks, auditorium chairs, folding chairs, tables

Has permanents for stubborn locks, and Sundayschool furniture.

Write ficq Department 169 A delightful faint frequently quails heartWhile my those for hot beverage brilliant, nails.Before painted her SEATING COMPANY AMERICAN coffee. drink don't who 2, Mich. N. alive,She's still thing the W., Grand Rapids sweetest 901 Broadway,

But how I wish that she were five! AT; YOUR.GROCERS

NOVEMBER 1953 879 CONSULT A Plan Now For Christmas Gift Giving

SEATING SPECIALIST SELECT BEFORE YOU PEWS GROWING CHAPEL. FOR YOUR NEW

offers greater seating Welldesigned *B til cost. "seatCHRISTMAS >* o Our comfort at no extra

ing specialists"not only have years in of Church experience of making the most have but they seating, modGIFT ern precision machine tools which enable them to do finer work at less by Ruth Kytle cost.

Whether you want wellmade economy pews, supercomfort upholstered I was a child, there was a individual or even pews, opera Whenlovely custom of giving growing find the chairs, you'll best, competitively priced, at Fetzer's Salt Lake flower bulbs for Christmas. The

Cabinet. practice seems to have faded in recent

1 years, but some children might be inSend for terestedIt is ainlovelyrevivingcustomit. because it is

this FREE proof of thought'fulness and that the gift is not "any old something"

Church bought in the lastminute rush. One

Seating of the most beautiful gifts I ever ered loosely, placed in the basement or received was a red hyacinth, in a pot other wellshaded spot, and the soil 1 wrapped with golden paper. kept moist. folder. 1"few In giving a flower, one should obBy Christmas Eve, the growing

tain the bulb and pot about November gift will be ready. The pot can then 7 FETZERS 1. Heavy soil should be placed in be wrapped in gold or red paper,

the bottom of the pot, with about beribboned, and placed as a spot of

Salt nho Cabinet an inch of sandy soil on top. When cheerful brightness under the ChristFixture and

Weil 136 So. Temple WrfJEffM'CompanySail take City, Utah the bulb is planted, it should be covmas tree.

HELP THE CHILDREN an PLAN EARLY ELECTRIC FOR CHRISTMAS HOME by Leana Carlson FREEZER you thought of starting your

HaveChristmas gifts early? An early SAVES YOU TIME start is best, and a good time to

begin is now. AND MONEY! acu sewing kit is made A convenient

out of an empty lipstick case. It

by Ruth Kytle is very nice to put in your mother's or sister's handbag. Wash the case

YJlTith ribbons and bows back in thoroughly in warm suds; rinse, and

fashion for hairdos, stoles, and dry. Most cases need no painting

necklines of tweed suits, the task because they are very shiny and new arises of keeping them perky, fresh, looking. Press a small wad of cotand clean. ton into the bottom and stick three

They can easily be kept new lookneedles threaded with white, black, ing by whisking them through rich and tan thread into the cotton. Add

soapsuds after each use, then rinsing two or three small buttons and some

Be Thrifty in warm water and drying with a small safety pins. Almost anyone

Use Electricity towel. To give them perkiness, iron would appreciate such a handy gift.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. them right side down, under a piece How would you like to surprise all

of waxed paper. of your little friends and playmates

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA T/ K/8BO*/

with an extra -special Christmas card?

Here is the pattern for you.

Cut the snowman from white cardboard or something not too heavy.

Color his top hat, and all the outlines black. Color the face. Cut arms

on the dotted lines. Put a lollipop or

two in the arm slits and tape them to the back. Tie a muffler of ribbon

around his neck. These are very effective in decorating the tops of

Christmas packages.

THE LATEST IN

A very useful and attractive gift,a string holder, can be made from an QB / old or new tin funnel. In case youdon't have a shiny new funnel, be ALL -0-WHEAT

sure and use sandpaper to take the rust off an old one. Next, wash it in The dynamic cereal in

it. Paint dry soapy watergood and 3 -DIMENSIONSthe inside a small with can out and

of inexpensive enamel. Let it dry w I he bran... the outer covering which contains ninetenths

between each coat. A light pink, of all mineral in the wheat kernel.

blue, yellow, or white makes a nice * The Endosperm... the main part of the wheat kernel, rich

base color. After the funnel is dry, in carbohydrates and protein.

trace a design lightly on it in pencil if The Germ abundant in vitamins A, B, E, and G.

and color carefully in another color enamel; or, you can paste a colored All-O- Wheat has all 3 -dimensions complete

design on the funnel that can be So the next time at your grocers, buy All-O- bought for a small sum. You now Wheat, the 3-D cereal with...

string holder, attractive very ahave ehghtful, Natural Flavor D wall. the that be onone can hung AllDay Energy ashmg D string in of the a ball to putBe sure Freshness and Quality ePendable D of the with funnel endwide mouth

the string coming down out of the - -neck. Hang the string holder with ALL OOcjden, WHEATUtah

the ring on top.

NOVEMBER 1953 881 These Times

{Concluded from page 814)

beneficiaries of their predecessors in this, as in less desirable things. But the

Dire Wcaaic point is, President and Congress ad- 9 journeddifferent, andin Washington,relaxed! Somethingif not in wasthe

world!

With all these things, came a slight.//. tendency to shift from a war to a peace

Deflationary from news came ':':;;. V >;.; economy. Printing, the essence

finally in Mr. Hubert Humphrey, >"-'"-MyB.mm of man's freedom'ancJ the instead of inflation, September, with

intelligence, is a beacon whjfelr:J$ word of an "honest dollar."There was

has shed light since the dark a marked new difference in the resoluof Bankers'Associathe American ages... Printing, magic today as tion

their tion in convention, September for centuries past, casts the ing for increase of imports and morecallsearchlight of truth into the world trade—instead of the call for a

four corners of the earth for higher tariff. Apropos deflation, SecreAmericans, the best informed tary Humphrey viewed the vast Ameri-

'people since time began... canchasingmarketpowerwithanditshightremendouswages aspuran

sVnd in the Intermountain Wesfc offset against any "recession,"and he.iowering beacon of printed promised government support to stem

K-tfuth is The Salt Lake Tribune any such trend. Yet debt was still risan institution whose faithful reductioning and thein incomesbudget unbalanced.was coupled withTax

reporting has established itf the threat of a national sales tax which position as... "c-S could spell the death knell of state

governments in the long run. (National

ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS sales and turnover taxes are principal fiscal tools of the Soviet economy and should be looked at very carefully on a national basis in the US.)

The tendency in the economy towards peace was still not strong enough to bypass the basic unfinished business of DIAGRAMS government—the resolution of the threat

Illustrating Latter - day Saint of international armed conflict with principles with complete scripnuclear weapons. This threat is what

tural references and condensed keeps taxes high (not the schools and summaries of Church doctrines. growing populations as some suppose)

Extremely helpful for teachers., and takes from seventyfive percent to

students, and all Church memeighty-five percent of every American bers. tax dollar.

What can be done here, about "transiAuthor, A. P. Merrill tion?"This is the major issue of these

PRICE—$1.00 EACH times.

Available at DEFENDERS OF FREEDOM

DESERET BOOK COMPANY By Bess Foster Smith

lips, songs Fathers, upon their 44 East South Temple Pilgrim The freedom, for plenty, thanks to God Gave Salt City 10, Utah Lake friends; And this Thanksgiving Day their praise commends,

IMPORTANT for all Immigrants Should sting our placid consciences like and friends of the Germanspeaking whips.

countries. We offer you: From many a rich descendant now who

German Phonographs and Records sips

German Babybuggies Handknitted Babywear imported from GerSweet freedom's cup, no inward prayer many ascends, Publication Church "DER STERN"

Periodicals: Constanze, Deutsche lllusTheGave Pilgrimthanks Fathers,to God songsfor plenty,upon theirfreedom,lips trierte, lllustrierte Stern, LoreRomane,

Poste, Das Beste aus Readers Digest, etc. friends.

DelicatessesGift Parcels to East and West xones TrlANKSSIVlUg) When every child of freedom really grips (MAMtfltiSp Visit our or write new store for to complete catalog T CRI SPALWAYSTENDER5 POPSTASTYS- HisThe kneemeaningin thankfulof this praises,heritage,he anddefendsbends battleships; armored than country His more SALT CO. LAKE IMPORT

lips, their Fathers, songs upon Pilgrim The Salt South, Lake City, 64 West 2nd Utah JPUr for plenty, freedom, thanks to God Gave Ernst, Justus Manager TIME friends.

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Collection

Give a book

for lasting enjoyment

Part Books Church 2 60. TALKS FROM 70. INSPIRATIONAL TO PRAY 67. A VOICE HOW

AND STAY AWAKE THE DUST FOR YOUTH

Skousen Max by Preston B. Genet Nibley Edited Arranged by and Compiled Dee

this won't book, you readingIf start once you Courage, of story as subjects doctrine selections such complete Book on and Mormon The 200 Over his problems solving In stop. to ablebe own Success, fascinating TemptaImmortality, in Faith, readable, readform a. good Character, that given answersof the author has prayer, a adults... people 4.00 both few for of tion ing and young the to name Wisdom and Word 1.75 this allwill book. benefit read who 1.75 of great writings men. the wise... from

61. IN SUNLIT A LAND 68. THE AMERICAS Dr. A. Widtsoe JohnThe heartwarming autobiography of a distinBEFORE COLUMBUS

Sprinkled of science. andguished churchman man Farnsworth Dewey

sprightly and humor.with bits of wisdom 3.00 Seldom find a more thoroughwill you

ly fascinating readable than book and62. HAMBLIN, JACOB

. illustrated this lavishly with one

relics pictures the IsfifiSof. of. the ruins and PEACEMAKER

civilization fabulous which Mayan 0i H. Corbett Pearson 5.00 existed over years ago. 2500 "Apostle to the Inpicturesque Hamblin,Jacob

desert, colonizer, of thedians,"conqueror a was 68a. Indians, to the and a devotedfriendmaker

... cover, deluxe edition. 7.50 '/IfJ ti is 5.00 Leatherette his story. thisChurch man

63. AN UNDERSTANDABLE 69.

RELIGION OF WISDOM THE WORD Dr. John A. Widtsoe A. and Dr. John exploration into the easyto-read anThis book is

. D. Widtsoe Leah religion of andquestions problems and God

interpractical highly. modern and is. is.?. as questions Asuch God "What What

teachof of pretation. Wisdom life Word?. here-. the of ofthe objective What

... very helpful with ings some all treated completely. simply. and are

living suggestions contemporary on 2.00 questioning mind. to theafter?"An aid

diet. and 64. JOSEPH SMITH, 2.75

SEEKER AFTER TRUTH 71. THE CHALLENGE

Widtsoe A. Dr. John

the life of the Prophet OF OUR TIMES onA new consideration

Joseph Smith by a leading author of L.D.S. W. Cleon Skousen

Church today? religion of are the "pirates"

spiritual of challenge the meeting we65. life to of the come? What books.THE MORMON 3.50 WhoArecommandments?

quesother thoughtprovoking and These PIONEERS with clarity and underdiscussed tions are Cecil McGavin 2.00 standing.

time is the story of the tragicHere for the first

Mormon trek across Iowa from Nauvoo to the

Missouri... an inspiring story notable for its

hardship and sacrifice. A thrilling tribute tothe Mormon pioneers. 1.98 72.GREATER DIVIDENDS

66. THE GREAT FROM RELIGION

APOSTASY Gerrit deJong consistently believed Religion, sincerely and E. Dr. James Talmage

for of zest in off"dividends lived, "pays Christ, the of establishment ofThe the Church and for living, accomplishment motivation in fallingstages resulted the of that the away makes Dr. as deJong development persona] toGreat Apostasy, Apostasy sequel the the and

1.75 benefits. feel these readers his 1.75 authoritatively.are treated

NOVEMBER 1953 883 SEE PAGE 809 FOR MORE CHURCH BOOKSChurch Books 73. WRITINGS OF 78. OUR LEADERS

L. Green by Doyle Arranged P. PRATT PARLEY picture of four inspiring Church and by Parker Compiled... P. Robison Aleadersshort McKay, O. David President"The Eternal Life of the Material Body"is just counselors, President Stephen L Richards andhis

one of the many interesting subjects that are President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.; and President

treated. of Fielding book containing never before Twelve, the Smith Joseph many A

4.00 leader.published their lives services story of... words... theof writings of this great and

74. guidance from their addresses. 1.00

WILL A MAN ROB GOD? 79. THE OVER WALL BRANCHES Milton R. Hunter Steivart Pate Ora delving into origin the book and backgroundA the "over tribe of of Joseph the Branches ranof tithing. the stories of Filled law with many

in fresh took America wall"root South and tithing, is this vital interest toon every of book fruitful overspread 600 about B.C. boughs Two 3.00Latterday Saint.

years, as continents 1000 the two next during 75. told in the Book of Mormon, as retold here. 1.00

VITALITY OF MORMONISM 80. TREASURES UNEARTHED

Dr. James E. Talmage Ora Pate Stewart

little reveals Stewart's book newest many of Mrs. distinctive of themes sermonettesA series

facts the about The of Book known Mormon.the excellent Restored nucleus Gospel an...on of of culmination years and study twenty 2.50 idea source for gospeland sermons.

1.00 re83. GOSPEL SERMONETTES search.

76. 81. THE BEST FROM ExtractsCompiledfrom talksby Miltongiven byR.theHunterGeneral Authorities MASTERPIECES of dates MINUTE the of the between Church BRIGHAM YOUNG of to volume companion Gems 1949 and A Gertsch by Compiled Lucy Alice K. Chase by Compiled 1.00 Thought. book. 1953.A new collection quotachoice prose, poetry and ofA little this form, book In a pocket handy

.tions to to inspire. designed 83a. mood GOSPEL THE to writers aid wantis who speakers and

size. In hope. pocketbook.courage andfit any as 1.00 valuableto leave a only thought Brigham Young THE AGES THROUGH it. 1.00 could express77. R. Milton STORY Hunter GEMS

Compiled by Albert Zobell, Jr. 82. SAYINGS OF A SAINT A new edition of a popular Church book. 3.50

Here are illustrative stories and modernday Compiled by Alice K. Chase

parables to spark your lesson presentation maThese brief excerpts from the sermons of Presiterial with human interest. In pocketbook size. dent George Albert Smith typify his deep and

1.00 abiding love for humanity. 1.00

And for the Children 92. TO STORY A TELL BIBLE PICTURE ABC BOOK Organizations Primary School and Sunday Elsie Egermeier

Stories a that teach for their selected moral stories told children.Bible simply for younger

educational interest value as for well. as.. their pictures. colorfulIllustrated large, Large with

youngsters. 2.75 1.75type. Story Child's A85. BIBLE STORIES 93. STORYTIME of the L.D.S. FOR YOUNG Mabel Harmer Petersen Marr Emma favorite writer here the A ofStories the both from Old and New Testaments, Mormon stories of her best deBook volume. in one manychildren's collectsA especiallywritten for people, by a noted young P. Neeley Deta lightful for 2.00 stories occasion. every with book 3.00L.D.S. children's writer. of books series beautiful A

of the plaining Book Mormonex94.86. OF children. BOOK for MORMON

I: "Journey to the PromSTORIES FOR YOUNG MY PICTURE BOOK OF SONGS VOL.ised Land."

L. D. S. Alene Dalton, Muriel Ashton and VOL. II: "Precious Land of

Promise."Erla Petersen Young Marr Emma InTheir of Ill "Land VOL. in their look for children readingEverything illustrated colorful book, song Songs and fun. An heritance."

. love, intrigue, heroes, adventure, and exto for relaxation, at prayer. sing at play, and Visits Savior "The IV: VOL. in are ofcitement.. the found Mormon. Book 2.50 Land."the Promised

of characterthe builds andIt's kind that book sound 1.75. (Order by volume Each 3.00faith in God.

: desired volume mail State by

87. EGERMEIER'S A,98.B, C, or D.) BIBLE STORY BOOKS SPECIAL GIFT BOX Elsie Egermeier complete series of four TheA new Bible story every night for 234 nights. books

More than 200 beautiful pictures, 17 in full color. Animated maps, and selfpronouncing

type. 3.50 88. Better edition. 4.50

89. Deluxe edition. 4.95

90. FROM PLOWBOY TO

PROPHET AND MOTHER STORIES FROM THE BOOK OF MORMON William A. Morton

Stories to be read and reread about Joseph

Smith as a boy and man... and also bits from

the Book of Mormon for children. Illustrated 2.00

91. THE STORY

OF OUR CHURCH Emma Marr Petersen create to children designed for L.D.S.A book

its heriin its history and Church,interest our tage. Interesting... easy to read. 2.00

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Books for Children Under 8 years old 99. 104.

THE EVERYDAY STORY BOOK THE REAL MOTHER GOOSE little friendly contains gay, storyThis book here, just as All the verses are they have: pets, friends, their their childrentales about

to generation. generation us from downliltingto all are so come that the happenings everydayand illustrated. 2.75 Charmingly illustrationsfull of by Sparkling adventure.

Signe Ivarson. 2.50

100. BIBLE STORIES

FOR YOUNG PEOPLE Lillie A. Faris

This book tells in simple words the stories of the Old and New Testament. The characters are

vivid and meeting them here a child will always be able to think of them as real and vital. 3.00

THE GOLDEN DICTIONARY

By Ellen Wales Walpole 106a. THE BIRTHDAY OF

will great value picturesqueThis book be of to LITTLE JESUS with familiaritychildren in building easy an words and their uses. Children who cannot read Sterling North

will the pictures enjoy to associatelearn names inwiththeobjects.book, and will1.75 Aseventhcharming,birthdayimaginative... retellingfull of ofmeaninglittle Jesus'for

children and adults. Written by one of America's great storytellers, this book has also been

illustrated by a famous artist, Valenti Angelo... bringing you a treasured volume. 2.50

107. PUSSY WILLOW

Margaret Wise Brown This book will be appealing to the small children who love animals and vivid coloring. It's about

105. ameetingkitten thenamedstrangestPussy Willowanimals andyou'vehis abilityever seen.for

Beautifully illustrated. 1.50 ICE CREAM FOR TWO

Clare Turley Newberry 108. THE STEADFAST

An 8-yearold boy's world of fun in a big city TIN SOLDIER is complete with a kitten, Christian Andersen Hans fast, suit, a caveboy and icemanycreammoreforunusualbreakstories. favorite Andersen's among Hans things.

his tin 2.50 ThisIt relatesis a soldier, and of a the adventures

love for a little dancer. Marcia Brown has

illustrated the story with much feeling. 2.25

106. BE102.READING CAN FUN THE BOOK BUMPER Munro Leaf By SCRAMBLED EGGS SUPER 109. humor, writtenIllustrated this book with and Edited by Watty Piper

actually reading readers has howinforms young Eulalie Pictures by Illustrated Dr. Written by Seuss and the It of early sounds begins about. withcome

tales, This contains wellloved 22 familiar and. civiliof the writingsthe baby

colorful each illustrated cleverly book, abundantly is a comical by and Here... rhymed reading. tozation advanced firstthroughpicture on. and.

is of stories tired young T. for unusual. "bumpercrop"Peter of pictures. Hooper Young storyA 2.25

readers. 2.50 taste for just eggs scrambled the they same.

a So he decides103. TIGER He getshe'llthesefind eggssomeanddifferentthousandseggs morefor a Swallowtail Butterfly) change. (The Story of 2.50

By Robert M. McClung

The young curious mind will be excited over the many transformations and adventures of this little tiger swallowtail butterfly. An introduction to the mysteries of nature. 2.00

sy

The Youngest Soldier 110.READTO-ME STORYBOOK

Compiled by Child Study Mabel Harmer Association of America

A new book, telling through the eyes of Marty Howe, age 16, thirtyIllustratedstoriesbyandLoiselevenLenski.poemsThisofferscollectiona balancedof

the exciting events surrounding the formation of the Nauvoo assortment of humor, fantasy, and familiar

Legion and their subsequent encounters with Johnston's Army everyday happenings for the twoto fouryear- in the Salt Lake Valley. (For 8-12 year olds.) 2.75 olds. 2.00

Mail Order Coupon on Page 887 NOVEMBER 1953 885

Over 8 years oldFor Young People 116. 121. STORY OF THE SECRET OF THE ANDES

Ann Nolan Clark 1952 John Newberry Medal Award winner. A Presidents

breathtaking look at the grandeur of the Andes.

them amongst that live people the tale of A by OF THE UNITED STATES are held that secrets Inca ancient the and 2.50 people. the mountains and the

Maud and Miska 117. MAGIC MAIZE Petersham

Mary and Conrad Buff Two great artists tell the storFabian, an Indian boy of Guatemala, brought up ies of the Presidents from in the old Mayan beliefs secretly plants some Washington to Eisenhower—

feared the with developed by maize, e biographies a t magic in t i m it brings gringo.make him adventures readers surprise to give pictures and The many

3.00 personalireading. their vivid of a glimpse

ties and their backgrounds.

3.00 112. GOOD MASTER

Seredy Kate if ($0 his lives with Jancsi the who boy story aboutA of 122. THE BLACK Master,"a on the "Good and father,mother

races across horseback with in Hungary,farm STALLION REVOLTS gypsies. fair, trouble with the fun atthe 2.75 fm characterization. vivid story withA colorfulplains, Walter Farley

113. SINGING TREE planeAlec, enroutewith theto Blacka DesertStallionRanchboardsin Californiaa cargo

Kate Seredy andtense fliesexcitement.headlongThisintois ananotherunknownin theworldexcitingof

At the Good Master's ranch, on the Hungarian Black Stallion series. 2.00

plains, everything was gay and carefree for

Jancsi. Then came the Great War! How Jancsi,

with the help of his mother, holds his world together makes a beautiful and stirring story.

2.50 Uo o

118. THE OTHER SIDE

OF THE FENCE John R. Tunis

The experiences of a 17year-old, Robin Longe, washby hitchhiking, United States sees the who from one destinacaddying his way ing dishes, tion to another, one adventure after another.

2.50 119. STAR RANGERS

Norton Andre M A i Ship Starfire find of the Patrol When the crew themselves wrecked on an unknown planet withof escape, hope out rescue. to the come itA istopflightup to thenovelRangersof sus-2.95to 124. pense

Childhood of 114. ALICIA $r3 120. Florence Crannell Means Famous Americans

roommate, lively, blond her with Baca, Alicia Captain of

City in Mexico year a Series spend Bennett, Honey arise whenat situations Difficult University. the

pyramid ancient in an trapped are the Americana of Famous Childhood Araby The The unexpectedly arrive suitors.. ardent two girlswhen to girls and boys introduces series 2.75 moment. the. at same Daniel Gehrig, as people Lou such Pease Howard LinAbe and Madison, Dolly Boone,

Forty few. to a coln, name his old and Moran Tod GIRL 115. HATTIE'S MAMA is Youngtitles of which from, one Tattooed the Capfriend,

Stevenson. Augusta Lincoln by toAbechoose Lenski with again Lois tain back are

ea. 1.75 advenfast paced this to north""up Bell, goes girl, Lula colored A o * about ture mystery homesickness. and confusion of world a new a o holds that ship jinxed with along getting about learns she What >o3 Q:o< 2.75 secrets. forbidden honesty. and humor wisdom, is told with others

Illustrated Classics Junior Landmark world of classics recognized The m editions in treasured literature ftC paper, expensive on printed Series i iland bindings, rich in.covered..

leading America's by in Landmark the book Each Illusoffered by the are p* lustratedartists life event great to a brings series titles 20 Classics. Junior trated is past. Each nation's in our popular Three from. to choose rich, rewarding to be designed

titles the stirring of capable reading, as as well heart reader's his 125a.

availtitles are Twenty mind. MUSKETEERS THE THREE each 1.50 1.50 including: able by Dumas

123a. 125b.

ADVENTURES PREHISTORIC AMERICA THE MERRY HOOD 1.50 OF ROBIN

123b. 125c. BOONE DANIEL 1.50 PEPPERS LITTLE FIVE

at 2.00 available bindings Other 123c.

3.00. and OF THE MORMONS COMING

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 886 Most appropriate gifts for your family members

iUtrmvjHtHt and friends \ >dO& <- K* 126. Personalized BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE Kit

A kit of 16 sheets showing direct Divine authority for the Priesthood. Three

the Authorities of the Church andsheets show are backed, Christ.ginning with the linesmakingof ordinationit possiblehefc Four sheets gummed

for you to cut out only those pictures directly concerned with your own line r of ordination for pasting on personal sheets.

Remainder of sheets in kit are for your personal history. Temple All punched to fit in regular 1.50;, asssiSBP*- binder.

BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE Cover with 40 genealogical sheets as follows: 12

Family Group, 6 Pedigree, 6 Family History, 3

Heavy Mounting, Record, and 6 Blank.1 Picture Pedigree, 6 Personal1.25 * e

n n I i Ei n a a q -*-* iMMI A 'Our Family Through

The Years"BINDER Bound in durable cordoban imitation leather, this post binder will hold up to 300 sheets. On the

in embossed Salt Temple cover front is the Lake 11'111 the title: Through Family the gold with "Our H H 3.00 liiSBsaliliff Years."

Ej EZ sheets as genealogical 100 '-- 'with binder 'Same ir. -:-r'3-: J*sL-'S"JCiVit'tfES'iST"HQi'VT r&ME"JteT"KEC"ra*i HCIlC HHHHHHRfi 12 Family 12 Pedigree, 44 Group, follows: Family

EB Pedigree, 2 Picture Mounting, History, 6 Heavy:-=ST:r.-=."-"i=5"*=?t"sc-:. KOFH KEPE'—KtKsr si3? hca? ssr"scr IIBB8RBB1S

4.50 12 Blank. and Record, Personal 12 E. SMITH 50 49 F1EED1NC JOSEPH JAMES

;=—ss*ar Ordained is H "- 7 Apr;- Nferc. Kafir Dec.TALMACE Ordained 8 h4k; 1911 taw. MBtt* Rsr IBSBJHSSGi

F. iff Joseph '26"Joseph By Smith F 1910Smith By 128b. fl - S A '-3?- leather. 5.00 imitation Ek-=- in binder Heavier maroon k. -----fl --.----Win.:? IH%--- s'r"W*-N smgBfi

CSfiEUHBBIGORg&i &* pgb ynr -t- gjgff Bpr 129

AUTHORITY DIVINE CHART lines of printed chart showing beautifully E ffi*>?i; gjrf s j3 aa---/?-.. 3&. fffiff assfflp A

beginning with ordination authority through

Christ and continuing down to the General ordination the Date of Church. of

B. LEE HAROLD W. SPENCER each under is contained ordained and by whom 10 Apr. (ilOnluim-d 1941 62Ordained 7 Oct. 3.00 durability. for coated Plastic 1943KIMBALL Authoritiespicture. '.VVIleber Grant liy By -XT lleber Crant J J.

130a. GUIDE TO Divine Authority Chart with closeup detail. MountedJtoU. on heavyDeluxecardboard.edition chart. 4.00

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH Postage Prepaid on All Genealogy Supplies

Archibald Bennett Authoritative information on the most modern methods of genealogical research. 2.00

.<*<rii) ifcftui.!

131. HANDY BOOK

OF GENEALOGY Walter Everton Revised edition of this popular reference work. Deseret Booh Co. 1.35 "1

GENEALOGICAL SHEETS FAMILY GROUP RECORD SHEETS Gentlemen: 112 126 59 77 95.25 1 Dozen132.

1 /8 113 127 60 96 circled. items Please send 1.40 100133. 114 61 1 128a 97 79

( is Enclosed ) check, ) money order for 1000 12.00134. 115 62 80 128b 98 1

$ 81 129 63 116 99 1 PEDIGREE CHARTS—FIVE GENERATION

<S4 10(1 117 XX account. 130 Charge my

1.25 Dozen135, 101 118 83 65 130a slight extra cost for C.O.D. orders. Allow I1 1.40 100 102 131136. 83a 119 66

1 103 120 84 132 67 12.00 woo137. NAME

1 8S 68 121 104 133 PERSONAL RECORD SHEETS 1 68a 86,05 122 134 STREET OR RFD 138. Dozen.25 1 69 87 106 123a 135

STATE ZONE CITY 106a 136 88 123b 70 1 1.40 100139.

first the mail, 12c for please add by books ordering 137 107 123c 71 89 When 1 12.00 1000140. '*) for packand additional postage book for each 4c I0X book and IV 124 138 11 for Sheets available. Send otherAll Genealogy

1 ing. 91 25a 1 109 39 73 list. pricecomplete 1

tax. sales of 2 percent Residents add Utah 140 110 125b 92 74

1 unless orders are delivery cannot guaranteed be 111 141 Christmas 125c 93 75

Order books and genealogy supplies with 1 76 94 received before December 15.

coupon at right.

NOVEMBER 1953 887

OUTSTANDING ACHIEVEMENT IN We are pleased to note that more and more servicemen are

COPYING SEXTON'S RECORDS writing in voicing their interest in The Improvement Era. Following is a sampling of our servicemen mail.

Editors genealogical The stake At a recent

Alto (Caliin Palo jk i ';3*:i:;: convention Pearl Harbor, Hawaii

fornia) Stake, Sister Iva Minard Dear Brethren:

;'"those before honored signally was in to writing appreciation in sending Imyou am me The

outstandfor her attendance in * each month. Era provement

sexton's the in copying ing work I for in I in the been over have year a now, time which Navy CemeAlta of the Mesa records haven't to this too time attend church. had wonderful But much

tery. of book daily has the kept magazine and informed happenme

When the application was first ings and improvements in our Church.

made to copy these records, there I cannot stress enough the great importance this is to me, and was objection on the part of the the many others in the Armed Forces.

officials for this to be done, on Sincerely yours, the grounds that it was illegal to /s/ Irvin D. Anderson

of personal such copies to make APO records. from An explanation

Seattle, Washington of the California president the

Editors: Cemetery Association removed Dear

to express my sincere appreciation to all those responsible [ wish objection. this

to * of in for the possible the mailing servicemen Era making permission obtained, was Once

I the received subscription locations. overseas through my took her Sister Iva Minard own elders, Crystal of of Heights the generosity tenth Ward, quorum Iva Minard sexton's the to her typewriter with

It truly inspiring Salt Stake, has City, Utah. been Lake Highland of about exception the with record,office entire the copied and I issue of receiving the to look forward monthly me, and my gasoline car and and to her used She names. owntwo hundred

it is isn't regret or that weekly Era. only a bimonthly magaMy years for office almost a twice sexton's two week the towent this especially to in useful zine. Aleutian has Era been The me records.until the copying completed she had

is visited location as often Island servicemen's here the group LDS

During this period she has copied fifteen thousand names, deby nonmembers, and quite often I am called upon to deliver a voting four hundred hours to this labor of love, and has traveled talk that must be of interest to them as well as to members of thirteen miles each way, a total of over nine hundred miles. our Church.

Sister Minard is a convert to the Church from Missouri, and a That the Lord may bless you in carrying on your work is my member of the Menlo Park Ward of the Palo Alto Stake. We prayer.

commend her for her highly meritorious achievement. Week Sincerely, your brother

after week she came persistently, quietly doing the work assigned /s/ Fred S. Sanders

office. of in thoseto her. friendship the sexton's the She won Korea

of told records the if she they her need has have newNow as Dear is at liberty inthey she to them. copy come actions Era, only I have Improvement the monthly my WithoutSirs:

for every of our page so I and prayers, am 'very grateful -e>- gospelfor moreliteratureLDS fellows,that I receiveenoughoverseas.to hold I ouram neededconstantlyandonwantedguard

meetings.

MOAPA STAKE HONOR BEES ATTEND SOCIAL servicemen.It is a wonderfulWe overthingherethatappreciateour homeit wardsvery, veryare doingmuch. for the

Moapa Stake Honor Bees of the YWMIA and their leaders Sincerely,/s/ Pfc. Farrcll McKinney

were guests at a social gathering held recently at the home of

Mrs. Maude Strange, stake Bee Keeper, of Moapa Stake, Las Vegas, Korea

Nevada. Dear Editors:

country, Latterday twenty Korean in this wartorn girls far away the distinction sixtyone have achieved who Out of of Far greeting friendship and deep our and fiftyfour representing ranks, are sending were present, warmattaining Saints Bee Honor all the wards in Moapa Stake. to all brothers and sisters all over the world.

is the gospel here preached the of that It's by blessing the God a at the Hotel Thunderbird and a enjoyed swim group The increasing. are brothers, and members of effort GI American officers stake attending were at the Strange home.luncheon MIA

first for time. spring the this I Era received Improvement The first counselor; stake president; Hardy, Nola Ashworth,Mildred

of leaders the delivered Church speeches the by our I found When stake Strange, Keeper, Bee Mrs. Guardian Huntington, andJune

I it, the I through that could hear glad in them was contained Keeper. Bee BadgeGatherer Honor and

filled total girls of Era. these a that records Stake show Moapa I to it the couldn't for hear Era, the have not the way Were

of Bees, the their ranks badges to fill Honor most badges792 honor I assure in Church. the the you inspiring preachings news and

fifty. girls girl for part thefilled have being most These one by any it received gained encouragement, more that reading I enjoyed and

the four hold group individual with awardsreceived and two gospel doctrines. and

of for years records the work. percent Bee Hive twohundred is world. that brightens the torch the "Era"

Another outstanding feature of this group is that some of the Sincerely yours, girls travel as far as twentyeight miles, one way, to attend their A Korean Mormon Boy meetings. Kun Se Kwak

These girls for the most part have received two individual awards and the group includes four with one hundred percent records for two years.

Every third Employee owns part of Standard

Meet Forrest Dickinson, a driller from Whittier, rest shares Company earnings in two ways: through

California—and one of the owners of Standard Oil Standard's contributions to his stock purchases, and

Company of California. Forrest is bringing up three through dividends on stock. Nearly 95 % of all eligible

youngsters, buying a home, and is also building a family employees now participate in this plan. While several

nest egg by investing in his Company through Standard's thousand previously had invested in Company shares stock ownership plan. Forrest and other Standard Oilers on their own, 12,000 of a total 34,750 Standard Oilers

who are 35 or older and have 5 years of service, may, are now shareholders. This means, of course, that

if they wish, invest a portion of their pay in Standard better than one out of every three people who work shares. The Company assists by contributing a perfor Standard also own Standard. That's why Standard

centage of its net profit to the stock ownership plan. Oilers work a little harder to serve you better—after

Thus, in addition to salary and employee benefits, Forall, it's their business, too.

There's No Such Thing as a "typiSmall Businesses and large believe 244 Churches and religious organical"Standard shareholder. More in us, too. Our records show that zations, 165 hospitals and medical

than 115,000 individuals and couples 1,889 firms own shares of Standard groups, and 293 universities and from all levels of life own Standard. Oil Company of California stock. schools own part of Standard.

Standard's Owners are, mainly, thousands of average trolled by any of the Standard companies in the East.

everyday people, most of them Westerners. Their ComQuestions or comments about our Company are always welpany's management is wholly independent. Standard come. Write: Standard Oil Company of California, P. O.

Oil Company of California is neither owned nor conBox 3495-B, San Francisco, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better (mrina te (joodJKinqsrfJjfe,,,

mammmmmnmrnmesm;

X

V

/f

Ik

x IK

ii

*&i

Three hundred and thirtythree years free, industrious and reverent people ago, the Pilgrim Fathers set an excan fully enjoy. In the true spirit of

ample for future generations of AmThanksgiving season, we, too, can ericans to follow: giving thanks for share with future generations a rich

the good things of life which only a heritage of the heart and the hand.

,& BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company ''H David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah

s