The Observatory, Chichen Itza, Yucatan, Mexico

In This Issue:

MAY 1955 Archaeology and the Book of Mormon by Dr. Milton R. Hunter

and new tete by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

In Crackers The biggest eggs known to man come from Madagascar and are more than 2400 years old. Laid by the halfton Try these delicious new crackers

Eleostrich-like Aepyornis maximus -—different from anything you've the fossil eggs were morephant Bird,

than a foot long and weighed about 18 ever tasted! They have a rich,

pounds when fresh. hearty flavor... crisp, delicate texture... and an

Recent studies of the use of yellow driving glasses and tinted windinviting "twobite"shape!

shields for night driving have found that they reduce the ability to distinguish objects through loss of acuity and contrast vision, particularly at low illumination levels, compared to when such devices are not used.

Toshoweliminatewhen scratchesmaking onphotographicfilm which enlargements a new silicone liquid has been found which has about the same index of refraction as the film so that when the scratches are filled with the liquid they can't be seen. The liquid

also removes fingerprints, and when used with a special carrier permits washing off dust particles.

Adult vertebrates have a blood pigment, hemoglobin, but three species of fish native to the waters of South

Georgia Island in the South Atlantic have colorless blood. These fish do not

have any of the special erythrocyte cells which contain hemoglobin.

With the graduation of 6861 in 195354 the physicians in the United

States have increased to one in every 730 persons.

Anew midget tape pocket recorder has been developed which by using printed circuits and hearing aid tubes a smart is small enough to be carried in a large overcoat pocket. NEW

HT'he origin of the manufacture of soap shape!

goes back more than 5,000 years according to Martin Levey of Pennsylvania State University. Washing the

body and general cleaning use of soap came later, early use was for cleaning of wool and medical purposes. Until

the middle of the nineteenth century soda and potash from plant ashes were

Salt Lake Phoenix Pocateltothe most common washing materials. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY

MAY 1955 289 *\ A SCHEME FOR SAFER AND BETTER HIGHWAYS KITCHEn CHflRm by Dr. G. Homer Durham WAXED PAPER

KEEPS FOOD VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

FRESHER LONGER! This month Dr. G. HomerEDITOR'SDurham expressesNOTE his views on longrange highway construction and safety.

There are fiftyeight million motor (especially in builtup populated areas vehicles registered in the United where congestion is heaviest), the toll

States, using 3,400,000 miles of roads principle could be utilized, if necessary, and streets, of which one fourth are to construct the necessary, modern expaved (920,000 miles) and only a good pressways and thruways.

third (1,250,000) graveled. By 1970 it The constitutional basis for the foreis estimated that there will be 85 milgoing would be the power to tax and

lion vehicles on the highways and spend (the "taxing"and "spending"streets, all with higherpowered engines powers) "for the common defense and and moving at greatly increased speeds. general welfare of the United States"

If present trends continue, the death (Article I, section 8) "to establish post toll from accidents will increase, and offices and post roads"and "to reguthe ratio of modern highways capable late commerce... among the several

of carrying heavy traffic will fall bestates."(Idem.)

hind the present available facilities. ObSufficient time has elapsed since

viously, something must World War II to demonbe done. Better and safer strate that the gap behighways have to be built tween construction and

or the number of vemaintenance, and actual hicles reduced or contraffic, is everwidening.

trolled. The latter is unHighway deaths are inpolitical The President Y/T&r creasing. MILLIONS desirable. WITH POPULAR

legislastate pressure on has awakenEisenhower WIVES... OF H OUSF

for in probtures the interest funds to be AT ALL LEADING GROCERS ed spread thinly message 1955 over a by his lem on highways to the Convariety of public works, gress. His proposals are now being demental hospitals and institutions, educaSTONE batedThe anddangerdiscussed.inherent in past highwaytion,quirements,buildings,is suchand otherthat statelocaldespite heavyreconstant pressure from highwayGRIND planning policies has been that we have and

wmowtt thoughtroad systemsonly inup termsto dateof bringingand not ourof users,gap betweentruckers andvehiclemiles-speedother associations, andthe

FLOUR! planning and building for future anticiadequate roads will continue to widen.

pated need. To construct 1955 highways The fiscal "will"of the states does not

to keep seem pace creative with the vehicles, 1955 for 1955 cities, and 1955

Enjoy capacity and industry. of American is spirit is insufficient. traffic, there "Where finer flavor

and greater no vision, the people perish"(Prov. The federal government, with broader

nutrition of 29:18), many of them perishing on the fiscal resources, can help fill this dowhole wheat mestic "dollar gap.""proposihighways. The following

. grain critical The consideration in the propre- are therefore.. tions"and subtopics

freshly ground! sented as a device for stimulating interposal is the definition of the new national as system distinguished from the est current need. well as as future in every is food element Everincreasing federalstate, state, retained! local and systems TOWRITE "daydreaming"which schemes The in popularity for DAY prices—FREE

1 Everyone designated. that knows now the need, facts! assume, only follow (1) (2) recipes—rood bread other cereal and Contractors learned to have deal with with foods of made existence whole and engineering knowledge SPECIAL

grain freshly ground state authorities highway FLOUR rather than OFFER—of skill, fiscal capacity larger the (3) is tastier far richer and

introfor coupon Send in the healthgiving Public with nutriAdministration, Roads state contrasted as national, offer with of 5-ib. the ductory

it's ments. And the—pkg., Smith Deaf wheat directly. Contract authorizations should for wise home units, where local the someneed and and (4) flour, America's richis it. thing done about not in centralized est in be food elements, State Washington. interof "national"conception a new select or -Minn., Wis. efficient, Rapid the—still departments highway collabomay flour stone wheat for state growth, highways economic Electric Lee Household—

it's the ground day Mill Fiour reduces whole rate district officials with preand PRA practical defense, emergency. and The shipped. to fluffy for grain flour

of a a fraction penny problems remain to be solved after the serve local responsibility.

all, LEE ENGINEERING CO. of pound. Best a

it's STONE GROUND Milwaukee 3, Wis. "dreaming."

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., I.E. Proposition #2

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis. Proposition #1 The present pattern of federal aid for

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 The national government should as- "state"and local highways should conWIS. -MINN. FLOiJR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 sume the major costs of constructing and tinue with about the same volume of

Name maintaining the "primary"roads in a federal funds. These funds, with existStreet. "national"interstate highway system. ing state gasoline taxes, should be

City.State Wherever feasible and if desirable (Continued on page 366)

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V\ y&> $&& P <ni

v aP 1 SIBir <** ir I i4 Parade of Values in Y r-f \ <*? Religious Books and Supplies

2.00 to Sing 23. Songs For Book Lovers Books New 35 Bible 24. Our

-"* 1.50 Alone for 100 1. Not by Bread 25. Man Wheat

2. Story Classics 100 26. His Many Mansions 2.25

3. Doctrines of Salvation 3.00 27. Story Classics 1 00

4. Matthew Cowley, Man of Faith.. 3.50 28. Story Gems 100

5. Power of Positive Thinking 2.95 29. History of All Churches Chart 25

6. L.D.S. Scriptures 4.50 30. Joseph Smith, By His Mother

7. Gospel Ideals 4.00 Lucy Mack Smith 2.25

8. Your Faith and You 3.00 31. Challenge of Our Times 2.00

9. For Time or Eternity? 2.00 32. We Believe 100

10. First 2000 Years 3.25 33. Les Go Scrapbook 1.00

34. Contents, Structure and AuthorGenealogical Supplies ship of the Book of Mormon 3.00

Teller's Scrapbook 1.00 35. Story

- 1.00 Binders Leatherette 11. 1.00 Unearthed Treasures 36.

- 3.00 12. Temple Binders

r** A* 13.14. CoatAcetateof SheetsArms Binder 25 and 5.00.35 For the Children

c. 1.40 Sheets per 15. Family Group

c. 1.40 37. A Child's Story of the Pearl of per Charts 16. Pedigree

17. Family History per c. 1.40 Great Price 1.75

18. Personal Record per c. 1.40 38. Book of Mormon Stories for

19. Plain Bond - per c. 1.00 Young L.D.S 3.00

20. Picture Pedigree Sheets doz..35 39. Bible Stories for Young L.D.S 3.00

40. The Story of Our Church for

To Make Your Teaching More 41. YoungJourneyLatterdayto PromisedSaintsLand 3.001.75

-fco* Effective 42. Precious Land of Promise..: 1.75

21. Flanel Boards (Easel Type) 4.00 43. Land of Their Inheritance 1.75

22. Flanel Board (Portable Leather44. Savior Visits Promised Land 1.75

W8**H* vy'ette) - 6.00 45. Story Princess Book 1.00

$ Mav '55 CAJ BOOKCRAFT 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah j3 Please send the following circled books:

>"**".""'.v**"/V 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 1 1 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23

/?w 'fan 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45

for which I enclose check ( ) money order ( ) for $

NAME

ADDRESS

CITY

BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALTSTATE.LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

MAY 1955 291

icia I Lyman of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTDEPARTMENTASSOOF Rj EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, "The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurch of

deiuS Lkriit

iJ n-J n> VOLUME 58 NUMBER 5 au 1955 of oLatterdau Jainli

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

JR. Editor: Research L. ZOBELL, ALBERT

- G. Editors: BENNETT ARCHIBALD HOMER DURHAM

- S. JR. HARRIS, LEE NIBLEY A. PALMER ContributingFRANKLIN HUGHF. B. - B. SPERRY PETERSEN CLAUDE

- AssociateSIDNEY R. Manager: General Manager: CURTIS BERTHA ELBERT

- F. Director: Advertising D. Business Manager: GILES S. SCOTTREEDER Jhe Cfover VERL JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Our cover this month is a fullcolor

reproduction of the Observatory, or Caracal, at Chichen Itza, Yacatan, Mexico, taken by Otto Done while on a trip with

Dr. Milton R. Hunter. Dr. Hunter reThe Editor's Page latesthe articleshis experiencesrunning whilecurrentlyon thein tripthesein

issues, the pages, under and in subsequent People Problems of Young Some Thoughts on the Social "Archaeology of MorBook and the - President David O. McKay 301 titlemon."

Church Features

Your Question: Card Playing and Games of Chance

President Joseph Fielding Smith 302 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES The Way of the Church—Controlling the Past—Part V 50 North Main Street

HughNibley 306 Y.M.M.LA. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Unlocking the Doors to Opportunity Eugenie Daniels 309 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Letter to a Missionary Companion Rulon Kalian 314 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Escape of Mulek Ariel L. Crowley 324 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

The Church Moves On 296 Presiding Bishopric's Page 354 publishedciations of bythe theChurchMutualof JesusImprovementChrist of AssoLat-

All rights reserved. Saints. Sub309 Genealogy Master M Men Breakfast 367 terday

in scription advance price, $2.50 a year, 352 Melchizedek Priesthood in $3.00 subscriptions, a year, foreign advance;

25e single copy.

Special Features EnteredUtah, as atsecondclassthe Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

mailing at special rate of postage provided 1103. section of ". in 1917, auOctober Act.. Be a Keep Fit.

1918. thorized July 2,

"... the publish it upon is not responsible for Improvement Era The Man"mountains"—the story of DavidMartinS.HarrisKing 304 for

Chapter III William H. Homer, Jr. 310 unsolicitedtributions. manuscripts,All manuscriptsbut mustwelcomesbe accomcon-

Hunter 316 R. panied by sufficient postage for delivery and the and Archaeology Book of Mormon—II Milton return. 323 Ezra Security to J. Poulsen Prayer: the Key

Through the Eyes of Youth: Happy Mother's Day, Sweetheart! Change of Address

Eileen Gibbons 328 Thirty days'notice required for change of inaddress. please change, ordering a When James Wotherspoon—Eagle Scout Victor Lindblad 330 slip a issue recent clude address from

magazine. changes Address cannot be Square The Spoken Word from Temple of

the old unless address as well as themade the new!..Richard L. Evans 332, 336, 340 included. one is

Exploring the Universe,', Franklin'-.'. S. 289 ThatDurhamFriendly Touch, Florence J. 290 Harris, Jr

These Times, A Scheme for Safer Johnson - 294 and Better Highways, G: Homer Your Page & Ours 368

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Know Your LDS Cooks, The Savor The Ambassador Came to Dinner,

S. Iris Cooking, TOWNSEND EDWARD COMPANY of OldFashioned 360 Jerry Wooden

St. 110 Sutter 356 Parker California Francisco, San If I Were in My Teens, Edith F...358 Birthdays, Witter Evelyn Basket

S. TOWNSEND COMPANY EDWARD 362 Shepherd 359 Hints Handy Lafayette 672 Park Place

Los Angeles 57, California Stories, Poetry SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

May Is the Time Verna Linburg 312 NewDAVISYork&17,SONSN. Y.

Mother of the Year Elsie Chamberlain Carroll * 320 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt.

Frontispiece, Sea Host, Bernice Suffer Little Children, Virgil B.

351.299 Smith Ames

367 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations Wealth, H. H. Ramsay Poetry Page.300 My

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN FOR LESS!YOUR HAY'S

when you make hay with these machines

BALE WITH THE

AND PROFIT 2 WAYS GET GREATER VALUE haycompressionwithout leaffor uniformloss. Balesweightare tied... undersliced selfadjustingin layers for

distribeasiest feeding. exclusive pivoting packer MM's FROM YOUR HAY OWN

. light spots. utes as it packs Tying mechanhay, put your you on it up when make more You in, only wire ends ism bends per strand, one.. eliminatesknot makes original wiretied bales the squarecornered, with in firm,MM clippings. leaves wire no field 54inch leaves a Bale-O-Matic. clean pickup The

behind you, and the rakerbar feed handles moist or dry

EARN EXTRA MONEY CUSTOM BALING fWhen your own hay is in, custom baling can easily add to your cash income. The Bale-O-Matic bales from windrow

or stack, turns out 30-, 35-, 37*4.-, 40-, or 45inch bales

that meet any requirement for shipping or resale. With

its powerful V-4 engine, and safety advantages like shear bolts on the flywheel and 3 rachettype slip clutches protecting conveyor and tying mechanism, the Bale-O-Matic is built to stand up. See your MM dealer now, for 2-way profit facts on the oneand-only MM Bale-O-Matic.

FIELDCHOP HAY AND ROW CROPS i FASTER WITH THIS MM FORAGOR This new MM Foragor chops hay, corn, or other forage crops faster than ever before. Hay or row

crop heads are quickly interchangeable without changing the feeder apron. You set cutting lengths

of %", Vi", %", 1-Vs", 2-H", or 3"without removing cutter knives... get uniform cutting without

leaf loss or stem shattering. Speed of blower and

cutter, pickup, and feeder are quickly changed without removing or adding chain links. Powered

by a new V-4 engine through a 2-speed V-belt drive, the Foragor is easily pulled by any 2-plow tractor. Before you buy any forage harvester, be

sure you have all the facts on the new MM Foragor.

P.S. Ask your MM dealer about the new Uni-

\ ForagorUniFarmor.attachment for the selfpropelled MM H

1, MINNESOTA\On INNEAPOLISMOLINE MINNEAPOLIS

MAY 1955 293 THAT FRIENDLY TOUCH

By Florence J. Johnson

During the past years I have made many friends. Miles separate

us. But our letters and notes

keep us in touch with one another.

Because of this active correspondence list, I have a "Friends'Night."This

is an evening I spend at my desk, rereading the notes and cards and letters that I have received since the last Friends'Night, and writing the many letters that are to be answered.

I do not have time to write long letters every time, but an avalanche of cards and notes do go out, mixed several letters. with lengthy care- A See San Francisco fully kept record inkeeps book me

ON YOUR WAY TO LOS ANGELES formedI am soan thatavid nogreetingone is cardslighted.collector

and am always on the lookout for something unusual, something differTake Southern Pacific's fine, fast Overland Route trains to

San Francisco... stop off and visit this gay, cosmopolitan city... ent. The same goes for note stathen complete your trip to Los Angeles on S.P.'s California Daytionery. All these go into a special

light, the luxurious, scenic streamliner with the bargain coach box, and I am seldom at a loss for fares! You'll see California's mountains and valleys, plus 113 miles the right card. As for notes—a few

of beautiful Pacific surf. months ago, I fell off a chair I was

for using a ladder sprained and an

S.P.'s give reclining Daylights rubber you Chair foam Car

I ankle. Yes, a kitchen have ladder,

...... Coffee picture seats. economical huge..Tavern windows Shop

but to in it happened be part another is seat congenial refreshments reserved. and company. Your Car for

of I the house, so climbed a on up

So the next time you go to Los Angeles, see the magic city chair. Some of the stationery I had

of San Francisco—then see California by Daylight. on hand had a picture of a woman

For information and reservations for your California trip, doing just that thing. I used this

call at our Salt Lake City Ticket Office, or write T. E. Hewitt, in sending notes to some of my

General Agent, 14 South Main St., Salt Lake City 1. friends. Weeks later, I received a

letter from a friend, thanking me for saving her from just the same kind of accident. She was planning to

clean the top shelves of her cupboard, the stepladder was in the garage, and it was raining. She was building up

the height of the chair when the mailman arrived with my letter.

After reading the letter, and seeing the picture, she put on a raincoat and rubbers and went out after that stepladder. "Maybe I wouldn't

have fallen,"she wrote, "but after your letter I wasn't taking any chances. So, thanks again for that

timely bit of coincidental advice."

I have two "round robin"groups.

One is a relative circle; the other is

a circle of friends scattered all over the States. These letters are lengthy

and accompanied by clippings and snapshots, all sorts of miscellany.

This is a wonderful way to keep in touch with a congenial group, for (Concluded on page 349) 294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AT LAST NONCANCELLABLE, GUARANTEED RENEWABLE

HOSPITALMEDICAL-SURGICAL INSURANCE

TO AGE SEVENTYFIVE!

With participating dividends that can reduce your premium payments!

J J "2'/*#

off* THE COMPANY DOES NOT RESERVE THE RIGHT TO INCREASE THE RATE OR ALTER THE POLICY CONTRACT IN WAY*ftsri'ANY 1 MONEY FOR YOU YOU MUST COLLECT, ijQ IF LEAVE YOU US either in benefits or a cash refund! policy This new has accumulating cash values

—money that is available to you after you

for have been a policyholder as little as three Now, through this new NC 701 policy, you can be proIf, for years. any reason, should decide you

to give protection, your up entitled you are to tected against hospital, medical and surgical bills without full the cash value printed clearly in your policy less a fraction of any medicalexpense benefits you had received. Or, if you die, losing all your premium dollars if you stay well.

this money will be paid to your beneficiary.

This thrifty new policy not only icy has been paid. Your premium

provides liberal cash benefits to rate can NEVER be increased help medical expenses, your remains as long pay the same—It jg MONEY FOR YOU i2e a builds guaranteed policy. the cash as but keep you No SICK OR WHEN HURT

Provides cash benefits for hospital room and value that you get back when premium is charged for the few board ($8 per day, maximum), both minor the policy matures. We deduct specified risks not covered.

surgery, and major for doctor and treatments at your day), his office ($3 per home or the only actual benefits paid to you Benefits are not reduced at older hospital ($2 per day). Also specified payments for medical expenses... This ages. Net cost is surprisingly low

for maternity room and anesthetics—asand for use ofwellhospitalas foroperatingXrays, new policy is noncancellable and premiums may be further

laboratory examinations, medicines and many (except by you). If you pay reduced by possible future diviother in medical services or out of the hospital. premiums on time you can have dends... Mail the coupon below are Exceptions kept to excluding a minimum,

only such things as war, dental treatment and simple rest full protection to age 75, or until today for complete information.

cures (for which no premium in printed the policy. TOTALis BENEFITScharged), andarearetheclearlyface the full face amount of the polThere is no cost or obligation.

value of your policy—from $2,500 to $5,000 depending on

your age at issue, excluding only indemnity paid by Workmen's Compensation and for occupational diseases.

BANKERS LIFE k CASUALTY An OldLine Legal Reserve Stock Company MONEY FOR YOU c h i c A G L L i n o i s

IF YOU STAY HEALTHY certain You're get to either money back—

it because help to need you medical pay

LIFE CO. & CASUALTY exrBANKERS penses or because were fortunate you enough

Ave., Dep'. I.E. Lawrence 4444 -5 NAME. to healthy. stay For younger persons who

III. Chicago 30, this begin protection early and reasonstay

ably healthy, this cash refund can be sizeable Please give me complete inas formation several your about much dollars at thousand—as new ADDRESS.

noncancellable hospitalage. retirement and Even men women who

medicalsurgical policy with start their life protection in middle get a can

COUNTY cash guaranteed values that substantial in cash policy the sum when

CITY OR if ZONE STATE. are refundable I stay matures. Mail for full the coupon information. healthy. This does oblinot

(c) B. t. 1 C. Co gate me in any way. Home Office: Chicago 30, Illinois

MAY 1955 295 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events

i\ Scores in today's allChurch junior ard C. Beckstead and C. Elmo Turner

February 1955 "basketball games: as counselors. They succeed President

Consolation: Montpelier Fourth 42, Lawrence T. Dahl and his counselors,

O A Elder George Q. Morris of the Boise Fourth 40; Sacramento First 52, Elders Royal V. Beckstead and Joseph

"Council of the Twelve dedicated Raymond Fourth 39. P. Butterfield.

the chapel of the Heyburn Ward, MiniChampionship: Pocatello Eleventh 56, Elder Clyde M. Lunceford was susStake. (Idaho)doka First 65, Fifth 51; Las Vegas Layton to President as tained second counselor

President Ernest C. Anderson, for52, Fourth 40; Holladay Mesa Third (Utah) of the Sharon Philo T. Edwards

merly second counselor to President Aurora 46; Compton First 46, HuntsStake, succeeding Elder Robert J. Olsen,

Milan D. Smith of the Union (Oregon) ville 32; Tremonton Third 52, Wellsdeceased.

Stake, was sustained as stake president. ville Second 41; Edgehill 45, West

resustained L. NebekerElder was Vern Fifth First 46, Garden 27; Provo Jordan SuperinGeneral Assistant Second L. Elder 1ras first counselor, James and SecSpringville 50, Southgate 45; Park

of the S. King tendent David as counsecond sustainedStocking was 40. ond AsImprovement Mutual Men's Youngselor.

to the Region appointed sociation was susLionel President Marcus West ft junior in the Scores allChurch executive America, of Scouts 12, Boy Stake, (Texas) in El Pasotained the ** basketball tournament: in the assignment His committee. Presidentsucceeding Vernon Edward ElevPocatello games: Championship is direct the to superintendency YMMIA Sr. Elder KeithTurley, Romney, 72, enth Fourth 52; Holladay Tremonfor the programs Explorer Scout and in the outcounselor secondformerly ton Southgate 38; 36; Third Compton Church. first as sustained presidency,going was First Fifth 48, Edgehill 56, 35; Provo

counselor. Elder Devon Joseph First 27. Payne Las Vegas

as counselor. sustained secondwas

Bracket: Losers'Idaho Falls ThirIn'Thisthe organizationwas the 113thof theanniversaryRelief Soof of son Elder George is theElder Payne Park 38; Garden 42, Eugene programs Special 59, ciety in the Church. as first teenth released was Payne whoQ. Aurora Fifth 50, Huntsville 40; Layton this organization held by the have been presidency. stake in thecounselor

45; Grant Third 48, Bonneville Second month.

47; Springville 74, Wellsville Second 47;

O > The First Presidency announced West Jordan First 53, Mesa Third 41. ft a Elder Harold B. Lee of the Counthe appointment of President M. w "cil of the Twelve, and former

Ross Richards as president of the East M Scores in the allChurch junior president of the Pioneer Stake, dedicated

Central States Mission, succeeding Presi- * basketball tournament: the multiplechapel which will serve the

dent Cornelius Zappey. At the time of Championship games: Pocatello Elevfour Poplar Grove wards as well as

this appointment President Richards enth 43, Tremonton Third 39; Compton being the stake center for the Pioneer

was serving as second counselor in the First 46, Edgehill 45. (Salt Lake City) Stake.

Bountiful (Utah) Stake presidency. Losers'bracket: Las Vegas First 71, President Milton R. Hunter of the

Mrs. Richards will accompany him on Provo Fifth 50; Garden Park 45, West First Council of the Seventy dedicated

this new assignment. Jordan 35; Layton Fifth 67, Springville the chapel of the Genola Ward, SantaSecond 56; Holladay Fourth 56, Southquin-Tintic Stake.

Sacramento 57, Third Grant 55; as gate sustained B. Jones Layton O 7 Elder Falls Thirteenth First Idaho 35;

in the Seattle counselor second 58, ft fi The First Presidency announced (Washington) Stake presidency, sucMontpelier Fourth 45. ""the appointment of Bishop Ellis

ceeding Elder Frank M. Parry. V. Christensen of the Richfield Fourth

r Scores of the final games of the Ward, Sevier (Utah) Stake, as presi- ** allChurch junior basketball tourdent of the Tahitian Mission, succeednament: Compton First 52, Pocatello ing President John Kenneth Orton who

Marh 1955 Eleventh 45 (first and second); Edgehas been home some time because of

hill 46, Tremonton Third 44 (third illness. In the meantime Elder Larson

The annual allChurch junior and seventh); Las Vegas First 86, Holla- H. Caldwell has been acting president

1 basketball tournament began at day Fourth 61 (fourth and eighth); of the Tahitian Mission. President

Deseret Gymnasium, Salt Lake City. Garden Park 60, Layton Fifth 59 (fifth Christensen served as a missionary in

Scores of today's games were: and ninth); Grant Third 61, Idaho Tahiti in 1928 and 1929. He has been

Aurora 41, Raymond Fourth 34; Falls Thirteenth 49 (sixth and tenth). active in Scouting in Richfield and is

Compton First 39, Eugene 29; Mesa Grant Third Ward won the consolation a former president of the seventies'

Third 57, Montpelier Fourth 36; Southtitle; Garden Park Ward was given the quorum there. From 1943 to 1950 he

gate 54, Grant Third 47; Layton Fifth sportsmanship trophy. served as a member of the Sevier Stake

53, Sacramento First 34; Edgehill 64, high council. In May 1950 he became

Boise Fourth 36; Garden Park 58, Idaho o Elder Howard W. Barben was bishop of the Richfield Fourth Ward.

Falls Thirteenth 52; Bonneville Second sustained as president of the West Mrs. Christensen and their four daugh38; Tremonton Third 39. Jordan (Utah) Stake with Elders Leonters will also serve on this mission.

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The finest fresh ripe fruit

combined with

The PUREST CANNING SUGAR MADE

. gives you

'm '

Perfect jams, jellies, and preserves

I SUGAR ALWAYS BUY U and MAY 1955 297 Mfcs of Meefe HAROLD & GLENGtEN < CLARKClAR Cherished iyi*- WhrffcW nether your "s are?tlng formal fhi*hlS - dass, Standingbook?i rS roomtypetsmZTT man

, y Ul Experiences M, suestionstnZhonhelnfJ how IT——

From the writings of President David O. McKay? more"'X'-

Compiled by Clare Middlemiss

stirring for This compiled purbook the was

I MILLIONS e n Clarkof in faith building pose increased the hearts 7a <Jof fean the "'Exten "all of Latter Saints - day the throughout? Division f

world. President David.McKay has visited g*hani Young

the Saints in their faroff homelands more than any other President and has encouraged and inspired them. Share with President McKay all the rich spiritual experiences $2.25

of his visits with Saints all over the world.

$3.00

: -:;;"'?"-;.'Trs; -

2 Our Lord ot the Gospels nl, PRESIDENT I. Rt

Gospels agreeWe aand teachings 6n Jesus. -

&,* o,....... HUG N-6.EV 'Uf"'CfS

'J"ophe-1 1 >. i. 'iiaJ sou rcand deration l.,ndn "s "

******-%5ap $2.50

4 Man, His Origin and Destiny SMITH FIELDING JOSEPH world.,electrngjhe scientificlenirnc recent message, With discoveries"'"'hlv timeltimely, a.a has President book this and physicals eter. light In "J,Jaf.pnjJOjJOpmeaimenage

, shoWsespeloffulfilling. s and nal, significant1SriU.V.remains truetrue, toe'-'fl fa Kmw?"Open a convenient 30 day charge account at Deseret Book Co..U5 *.lhls favorite;.. LEG"*"lEGAND rich*—RICHARDs—

;*;%* "ihe book Deserct Booh Co.

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah i The Americas Before Columbus Gentlemen:

FARNSWORTH ( Enclosed will find you ) check ( ) money order ( ) DEWEY archaeological 4,, V,nw jecen charge to account the following my amount $ descriptlo?s book spiralrecent for the encircled books. (numbered) relatesJiowentici absorbinggstaate SverT American 1 Cherished Experiences ancient M of u this fascinatjie.00 make"viluat editionSS reproductions and Leatherette—?"-a"ar Name

Address

City Zone State...

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photograph by Foldes of Monkmcijcr

by Bemice Ames T7vening Rush toandthethousandssky together,of gulls

Carving their space in the air,

Wheeling, with never a feather

Of sound.

F|arkness and gulls drop like strings *-* Lacing the shadows of night

Into the sand with their wings,

Folding the last bit of light To the ground.

fiCEAN Knowingfolk turnreleaseup oftheirthe lamps,day

Happens when thousands of gulls

Have ushered the twilight away.

MAY 1955 299 LILIESOF-THEVALLEY TO MY MOTHER ON MOTHER'S DAY

By Pauline Havard By Calvin Pratt By Enola Chamberlin stoop and pick the liliesof-thevalley, see her in her rocking chair She did not smooth the Appian Way;

Finding in each immaculate bell of snow I When day's long work is done. Construct the Chinese Wall;

The scent that makes the past's gate swing I visualize her beauty rare. Nor make a dangerous survey

ajar, I know the love she's won. To chain a waterfall.

Reveals my mother's garden. Clear and I see the toil of months and years

low Wellworn now in her brow. She did not hunt the buffalo,

The separate flowers then chimed their I see her calming all my fears. Nor build a pyramid,

secret music I see it plainly now. Nor find America, but, oh,

For her who tended them, but none so I marvel at her tender love, She bore the men who did!

clear And at her gracious care.

As the chimes rung by the liliesof-the- I kneel before the throne above HEADLAND OAK valley! To give this humble prayer:

And so, as I pick them now, each rich, lost By Richard F. Armknecht

year Take care of Mother dear, oh God, bell tiny, sight, scented everyReturns; in thy bless her and And

childhood of those the righteous musicBrings back path thy For on she's trod OneLonetree oakuponwherethe headland,never oak oneshould be.

hours To bask in gospel light. A difficult phenomenon

I spent in a sunny world of makebelieve, To riddle out. This ancient tree,

Sharing the magic of my mother's flowers. She's taught each daughter and each son Bent landward in a ragged plume,

To love and honor thee; Has dropped its acorn in their season

A great reward she's rightly won These many years. The bitter doom

MAY For all eternity. Of sterile soil is ample reason

Not one had grown. But why and how

By Gene Romolo And so, dear God, in thy Son's name, Came this one tree, the first, the last,

I humbly ask tonight, Whose bole and branch forever bow alive the flame keep thou wilt sea wind's blast? stubborn the Before plane, gliding gracefully makes a ThatMay's light, holy it, Of Mother's you, explain I can't nor can safe landing,

it earth, all the forth through send if reason be guessed must But some skirts fluttering green down to ToAnd come again. truths thy spread it To lies in clue small one Perhaps soil. the

priceless of things worth all these For it nest. bluebird's year a has Each outstandcontagious, smile, enchantingHer

thee, God; I thank Amen. ing,

Cheers every man of the fields at his toil. MY MOTHER'S HANDS

Soon over bushes and over treebranches, UNCHARTED By Geri Materkowski

The beauty and fragrance of blossoming By Gene Moore mother's hands are artist's hands, spreads;

she faith wherever in impulse, patience in My and May's ardent workSo They is is hill; valley; heart y a heart a my fades; artistry their genius glances, In

it to take explore with time must lift W1 bright their tasks quake. blooms valley strong or hill would Before on menOn skill.

their heads.

is its science use world small with The hands. are hands, mother's not slim and They

art is plane all petal too soon white, smooth, May's nor again NorThen, it If neglecting his heart. goes around one pressed they've the oh, pain But, away awing,

And gone is the loveliest month of the And, oh, the fears they've soothed.

spring. ELLENORE

My mother's hands are artist's hands.

By Genneva Dickey Watson You see it when they pray. IN A COUNTRY CEMETERY They've taken babes and moulded men

By Leone E. McCune I neverAnd heldrockedyouyouin motherwisemy arms And set them in the Godly way.

I never sang you little songs, OLD LADY TALKING

Now peacefully they rest, these honored Nor kissed your sleepy eyes;

dead By Christie Lund Coles Here on this slope, beside the little town But, oh, my baby, once I dreamed

These valiant souls whose earnest toil and With you beneath my heart, I had not meant to pause at all, sweat That I should curl your wispy hair, Except to speak, to pass the time of day,

Transformed the hills to soft green eiderAnd teach you womanart. Smiling a little pityingly,

down; For what was there she could have to say?

Whose yearning vision saw each tree lined One night you turned and slipped away street, To a tenderer love than mine, I had not counted on her eyes,

The red schoolhouse, the cozy homes and So now I give all childhood With a hunger like a child's for bread;

yards, The love you made divine. And surely I was not prepared

Where children laugh and run on flying For the swift, nostalgic words she said.

feet.

The Church with bells that ring the Sab- A BIRTHDAY THOUGHT Quickly as a summer storm they came, bath day The words, the details of her years,

With tall white spires a-gleaming far and By Pansye H. Powell Her youth, not too unlike my own,

wide Her flowered hopes, her laughter, tears.

gray; are daysThat beckon people in to sing and pray. Cdme1

are days Some gold. My hours were full. I should not stay.

This town, their monument, the heritage God puts them all together, And yet, her day was strangely drear.

The pattern set for good and worthwhile For every day And someday, I may listen to the past lives His love will hold And wait and wait for someone who will

Left to their seed, by noble parentage. No matter what the weather. hear.

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA xi>?Sv552?53;;5vi>S&

Some Thoughts on the Social.

Problems of Young People

by President David O. McKay

is the duty of every citizen to see to it that mother"—an ideal that might be well cherished

IT our children have a wholesome community today among men who esteem themselves high environment in which to live during their in the scale of civilization.

tender and impressive years.

If we are sincere in our desire to reduce de-

I think it is a tragedy to have young girls and linquencey among youth, let us look to ourselves young boys grow up without opportunity of social as members of the community and as leaders and activity under the proper environment, and recreaofficials in civic circles.

tion halls should be dedicated as fitting places to for these one anmeet young folk come and in With the sensationalism and artificial stimulain other, to participate in the dancing, drama, tion to which the child of today is subjected in offer oppormusic, that in other activities and it this gravest is of the wonders, age of mechanical girls. tunity for to our boys development and

it in realize that society that importance is only the example of sincere living upon the part of the

Some of our girls come, properly chaperoned, individual members of society that the child finds but they do not have the opportunity to partici- a dynamic impulse for his own wholesome develpate in the dances. The recreation hall should be opment.

a place for cordiality where all young people may have an opportunity to mingle and to meet their Young men and women sometimes yield to inmates. That means something in this day of dulgence for the sake of popularity. He who perdivorces due to hasty marriages where they do sistently bids for popularity at the expense of

not understand each other. health and character is a foolish man. "A man

who stands behind a bar and swallows drink after

Youth is the happy time of life; their hearts drink for the sake of sociability is paying a high

are hopeful. It is our duty to see that those price for a miserable product. Social popularity

hopes are realized. purchased in such a way and at such a price is

not good enough for an honest man to wipe his feet upon."Indeed, men who yield to temptaIn this matter of chaperonage, there is too much tion to seek popularity among friends lose the

laxity on the part of the parents. very thing they desire, while the boy who maintains his standards wins their respect.

It is a dangerous sin, when home discipline breaks down, and the loving advice of a wise We need not shut our eyes to the fact that father and a loving mother is defied. We are told too many of our young folk respond to the call

by an elderly American explorer that among the of the physical because it seems the easy and

Iroquois Indians, the "crime which is regarded natural things to do. Too many are vainly seekas most horrible, and which is without example, is ing short cuts to happiness. It should always be

that a son should be rebellious toward his {Concluded on following page)

vCV?vCNCV?sCV<CVy>OCNMAY 1955 eFditor's Pap?C3 30i

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) cigars; they enjoy themselves; and here we are restrained.

kept in mind that that which is most worth while in They get their lessons; they are doing just as well in

life requires strenuous effort. college as we are; and I am going out with them. I

am not so sure that our ideals are necessary, anyhow."

The older one walked up, put his hand on his com-

I never hear one of our brethren bear testimony to panion's shoulder, and said, "Those boys may be getting to the divinity of this work, without feeling that the along all Hght in school, and do these things to which strength and growth of character depends upon a life you refer; but you can't."

consistent with that testimony; and it makes character "Why?"

to live in harmony with man's ideals, or at least to strive to live in harmonv with them. "Because you know better. And once you break

through that ideal, your character is broken."

I can illustrate what I mean by relating an incident concerning two of our boys at college. They had been It was the best lesson he learned in college, and I am

taught that, next to life itself, they should cherish very glad that he learned it and lived it.

chastity.

One of these boys noticed that there was a laxity What our young people need, what every man and among his classmates, and after a few months at colevery woman in this world need in order to keep himself lege, he partook of a different spirit from the one he had or herself free and unspotted from the sins of the world in his home, and one night he said to his companion, is the power of selfmastery. Each individual should

who was older than he, "I am going out tonight with studiously practise selfcontrol. It does not come all at

those fellows."once. Nature never makes cash payments as a whole,

"Well, you'd better not,"said his companion. says William George Jordan. Her payments are always

"Oh,"he said, "I don't know! Those fellows have a made in small instalments. Those who desire to win

good time, take their wine, have their cigarets and their selfmastery must do it by constant application.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Card Playing and Games of Chance

"For some time I have had a very serious which is difficult to regain. There seems to be an urge

question on my mind. It is in regard to in human nature which leads many men and women to

the playing of card games. Is it a sin to play cards or seek to obtain something for nothing, and many have

join card clubs? I am a returned missionary and have risked their hardearned substance on the altar of chance,

thought that there was nothing but evil coming from hoping to win a fortune which they have not earned.

playing card games and joining card clubs. Some of my There is a lure in all games of chance which Satan

friends think I am very foolish in holding such a belief, places before them, and in their greed or selfish desire but still I do not wish to join them in doing such a thing for gain they take the uncertain bait far less innocently if it is considered wrong and not approved by the than does a fish which grabs the angler's hook.

Church."The regular standard playing cards are used in gambling games. They are found in questionable resorts and

Nothing good comes out of card games gambling dens. Young people who have learned to play

or games of chance. There are numerous the games in their own homes or at card clubs with inways in which we may obtain wholesome amusement nocent intent too frequently are lured into questionable

and recreation which is beneficial to both body and places where gambling prevails. Such games of chance

mind. In games where cards are used usually "stakes"are usually associated with cigarets and beer and those

are played for, and betting is done. Someone will obwho indulge in cards acquire also the tobacco and drinktain the "stakes,"but no one really wins, for the one ing evils. Card playing becomes a habit just as much

who obtains the "stakes"has lost part of his manhood as smoking and drinking. I remember a neighbor of

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mine who in his earlier days was addicted to gambling. Tell me what amusements you like best and whether

Later in his life he repented and joined the Church. One your amusements have been a ruling passion in your

day before a group of which I was a member, he emlife, and I will tell you what you are. Few indulge

phatically impressed upon our minds the fact that frequently in card playing in whose lives it does not gambling is a disease which fastens itself upon those who become a ruling passion."(Juvenile Instructor, Vol. 38,

indulge so tenaciously that they seldom quit. Its influ- p. 529.)

ence upon character is just the same as the use of tobacco The Lord said:

and strong drink. He advised all to shun all card play- "A good man out of the good treasure of the heart

ing and games of chance lest the habit would destroy bringeth forth good things: and an evil man out of the

them. evil treasure bringeth forth evil things.

Card playing and all other games of chance should be "But I say unto you, That every idle word that men avoided as the gate of destruction. All such practices shall speak, they shall give account thereof in the day

have been discountenanced by the authorities of the of judgment.

Church from the beginning of our history. When the "For by thy words thou shalt be justified, and by thy

Mormon Battalion was called into the service of the words thou shalt be condemned."(Matt. 12:3537.)

country, President Brigham Young addressed the volunThis being true of words that are idle, may we not teers and said that he wished them to prove themselves say that idle acts spent in evil practices will merit the to be the best soldiers in the service of the United States. same reward?

He admonished the captains to be fathers to the men in This does not mean that the Lord frowns on innotheir companies and to manage the officers and men by cent amusement and the time spent in wholesome games.

the power of the priesthood. They should keep themThe human body needs relaxation, and this can be obselves clean, teach chastity and gentility. There was to tained in a legitimate way. For this purpose in part the

to be no swearing, and no man was to be insulted. They Mutual Improvement Associations have been organized

entertainment forms proper and of amusement enewhere Missourians—their strengthened taught, the body and and thereby may be were to take theirweremies—andto avoidall othercontentionpersons.with They

Bibles and copies of the Book of Mormon with them and the mind quickened and developed. In one of the darkstudy them but not impose their beliefs on others. They est hours in the history of the Church, when the weary

were to avoid card playing, and if they had cards with members were crossing the plains having been driven them, they were to burn them. If they would follow from their homes, the Lord through President Brigham

this instruction, he promised them that they would not Young said to them:

be called on to shed the blood of their fellow men. "If thou art merry, praise the Lord with singing, with

President Joseph F. Smith has given this wholesome music, with dancing, and with a prayer of praise and

advice: thanksgiving.

"If thou art sorrowful, call on the Lord thy God with "While a simple game of cards in itself may be harmsupplication, that your souls may be joyful."(D. & C.

less, it is a fact that by immoderate repetition it ends 136:2829.)

in an infatuation for chance schemes, in habits of excess, sports Prophet Joseph Smith engaged in manly The in waste of precious time, in dulling and stupor of the the few occasions on President to him. that came

mind, and in the complete destruction of religious feelhis built Salt the Brigham brethren Young and Lake ing. These are serious results, evils that should and Social the Hall. dance, the Theatre and drama, The

be avoidedmust Saints. by the Latterday Then again,

of other entertainments given to and were the members isthere a grave that lurks in persistent danger card the they Church, and by this were edified and means playing, begets the spirit which of gambling, of speculastrengthened; all such entertainments were opened andtion and desire to get what awakens the dangerous closed with prayer. The auxiliary organizations ensomething for nothing."(Gospel Doctrine, p. 412.) courage athletic contests and sports under proper super-

"Card playing is an excessive pleasure; it is intoxicatvision and regulations. Our people are encouraged, not

ing, and therefore, in the nature of a vice. It is naturalcurtailed, in every kind of needful recreation and amusely the companion of the cigaret and the wine glass, ment; but all things which the world seeks, leading

and the latter leads to the poolroom and the gambling to evil, such as card playing, raffling, and indulging in hall. Few men and women indulge in the dangerous playing machines of chance, are frowned upon as depastime of the card table without compromising their structive of morals and abiding faith in that which is

business affairs and the higher responsibilities of life. just and true.

—Hal Rumel Photo

MAY 1955 303

EDITOR'S NOTE

From March 1, to March 5, 1955 the first allChurch Junior Basketball tournament was played at

Deseret Gymnasium in Salt Lake

City. Twentyfour of the 1027

teams registered in the Church at the beginning of play last fall saw action in this tournament.

This is how the teams finished in the tournament: 1. Compton

First (California); 2. Pocatello

Eleventh (Idaho); 3. Edgehill (Salt

Lake City); 4. Las Vegas (Nevada);

5. Garden Park (Salt Lake City)

6. Grant Third (Salt Lake City)

7. Tremonton Third (Utah); 8.

Holladay Fourth (Salt Lake City) 9. Layton Fifth (Utah); 10. Idaho

Falls Thirteenth (Idaho).

Garden Park was awarded the sportsmanship trophy; Grant Third

won the consolation position.

This article is based on a talk given by Second Assistant General

Superintendent David S. King of the

Mutual Men's Improvement Young

Members of the Compton First Ward Junior basketball team, after winning the first to Association the seventeenand- eighteenyear-old members of the allChurch tournament. First row, left to right: Bob Dalley, Ben McCabe, Tory Zimtournament teams at their devomerman, and Bishop Weldon H. Dalley. Second row: F. M. Zimmerman, president of

Karl Weller, Peterson, Bill Reese, Paulos, and Stake; (California) Terry Van Beach tional meeting on March 5. Long

BrissenPaulos, coach; Johnson, Ralph Rulon Bringhurst, coach. Back row: Ted Homer

den, Bob Scott, and Charles Bledsoe, stake athletic director.

Know ye not that ye are the temple

God, of and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you? Keep Fit. Be a Man"

If any man defile the temple of

God, him shall God destroy; for the

temple of God is holy, which temple by David S. King ye are. (1 Cor. 3:1617.)

SECOND ASSISTANT GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT YMMIA

it unless he was us than it was on the warrior knightsRecently my nineyear-old son had no right to bear asked me to help him build a willing to show forth the same qualiof old. As you young men walk out

shield to use in a Cub Scout ties as those possessed by the lion of this building, today, you will find demonstration. Together we found which he had selected as his emblem. enemies everywhere trying to destroy

an old piece of plywood, upon which In ancient days the noblest of the you. It is true that you will not be

we traced the shape of an imposing warriors selected coats of arms which stuck in the back by a barbed arrow shield. After cutting it out and trimwould embody those outstanding nor a murderous longpike, but you

ming the edges, I suggested that in qualities which appealed to them will be assaulted by cunning and order to make it really authentic, we most. The lion was chosen for wicked advertising—by insidious

ought to embellish it with a real instrength and courage; the leopard for pressures brought on you by ageold

signia. A lion—the standing lion cunning and ferocity; and the eagle temptations; and by clever, and beauwith forearms outstretched—was sefor loftiness and nobility. tiful commercial productions designed

lected for the purpose. Its outlines I also explained to my son that the to fill your mind with trash and evil.

were traced onto the shield. A cup knight of old went forth to battle These enemies, intangible though

full of papiermache was cooked up completely encased in armor. The they may be, can effectively destroy

and spread onto the surface, and helmet protected his head and neck; your strength, rob you of your mancarefully shaped and molded to conthe breastplate and backpiece prohood, and kill your power to resist.

form to the outline of our stirring tected his trunk and organs; the But God has not left you without

little emblem. The shield was then greaves protected his limbs; and the protection. Armor has been furnished

sprayed with silver paint; the lion gauntlets gave protection to his hands. to protect you from both front and

was painted red; handles were added, The shield, broadsword, and spear back. It is real, tough armor, and

and lo, we had a shield that would completed his accoutrement, and he no evil can penetrate it.

have stirred the heart of the most was then ready for battle. Thus Paul was referring to this armor

fastidious knight that ever trod the armed, he was protected from the when, in writing to the Ephesians, ancients paths of chivalry. front and the rear and could easily he said:

As I handed the finished shield to defend himself against a hundred Put on the whole armour of God, that my son, I laughingly reminded him, unarmed men. ye may be able to stand against the wiles

but with some seriousness, that he Today, life is not much easier on of the devil. * * *

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness;

And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace;

Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.

And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God. (Eph. 6:11, 1417.)

That is the armor of the modern knight who bears the priesthood of the Lord: righteousness, faith, truth,

a peaceful purpose, and the word of

God. Your armor is your own virtue, your power to resist temptation,

your right to approach the throne of

God at any period in your life, to ask for necessary strength. Such

spiritual armor as this, if worn properly, will give the soul complete protection and perfect coverage.

In the north woods, packs of ravenGarden Park team receives the sportsmanship trophy from Elder A. P. Warnick,

ous wolves descend upon herds of tournament director. Bishop Hoyt W. Brewster is the first man kneeling at the left.

reindeer to feed themselves. Attack Team sponsor is Barbara Cook.

is rarely made on the healthy, strong, and vigorous ones. Invariably the

marauders slink in the shadows until scientific principles taught in the you but one thing, and that is that treat of care take you laboratory, not taught are you and many it—that lone spot athey can straggler—some

it that respect care, the the it with of the construction the involved in or feeble rendereddeer by disease old age. This miserable specimen is human body. Consider the intricacy deserves.

quickly destroyed. of the skeleton structure, the nervous Brethren, learn to avoid bad

of will rob that you digestive system, the cirthe habits—chains And so the forces of evil, the forces system, progto freedom your unrestrained system, on culatory all superimposed

that attack man—invariably ress this life and the all of your throughout other—consider attack thosethe stragglers—theydestroy ligalife to come. organs, bones, muscles, who eachglands,

have been rendered spiritually and ments, and a multitude of unnamed, In Hampton Court, England, morally weak by enfeebling dissipaand even unknown members, all comthere are several massive oak trees tion or by violation of the laws of bining to give you a sound, servwith trunks of enormous girth. In

life. But those who wear as the iceable body. Its intricacy and spite of their size and apparent

armor of their salvation the breastcomplexity is such that after four strength, these trees are slowly dyshieldplate of righteousness, the strangulation. Years of ago study, the by years body is ing of thousand

spirit, will the sword of thefaith, and tender ivy at the to modern still essentially shoots were planted mystery a never be stragglers in the battle of science. base of these giants and were allowed

life. sin pass will of desolation The

this to trunks. the crawl Today, up is to your by given you All reby. strength Unlimited andthem

luxuriantly, ivy so has has grown and for to you Heavenly to the will them,sistance flow unto of thisFather—given trees these so completely enveloped for service, for and use, your your foes. their of alloverpowering

life processes that their strangled and asked return, glory. has In your God

to for again, a moment, Referring surely dying. are slowly they but

Paul's statement that each of us is a Who would have thought that an temple of God, I wonder whether you innocent little tendril, no bigger realize how marvelous and how around than a twig, could kill several beautiful the human body is. Eugene tons of live oak?

Sandow, when a sickly lad of thirWho would think that a little habit art gallery and saw teen, visited an ruin a man?

of the Greek onetwo statues, certain god—uncontrolled—couldSeveral years ago a man

Apollo, and the other of the Greek was in a position in life where he hero Hercules. So enthralled was he appeared to have everything in his

with what he saw that he resolved favor for success. He was intelligent.

to develop himself to the peak of He had had an excellent war record physical perfection. Twenty years and had risen to the rank of captain.

later he was recognized as one of the He was commanding in appearance strongest men of all time. Verl F. Scott, advertising director of "The and not without sensitivity. He was

You who know a little about chemImprovement Era,"gives the Era Award (a definitely not a bad man. But he

social istry or physics or mechanical engigoldFirst. watch)Terry wasto TerryselectedPaulosas theofmostComptonvaluhad some bad habits. His

neering, well know that all of the able player of the tournament. (Continued on page 334)

MAY 1955 305 personally selected, but even so they do not even remotely suggest what she claims they do unless they be read and interpreted in a very special sense,scribed—bythat sensethe church!being carefullyMr. Lunnpreis telling us in effect that the church

has a perfect right to control the past to prove its holy calling, even thoughOonirolliruj the Rasf the only proof of that calling is the doctored document itself. A reading

surpristhe will show Denzinger if Constantine only a of saw What of reading the which degree to ing cross? not a vision of the sundog and

This simply proves for Father Bligh the scriptures is controlled by the "that the value of a confession is not Roman church; in this valuable work

determined by the rational sufficiency the extreme nervousness of the clergy of the motives that produced its first about letting people read the Bible by Dr. Hugh Nibley steps,"and, "what is true for the for themselves or in their own lanBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Emperor is true for those who imiguages goes hand in hand with the

tated him."84 Which is another way frequent and frank admission, that

of saying that though Constantine while the Bible seems to swarm with to material, make a proanti-Catholic it at all, a vision is just not have Part V did the requires out of it Catholic case as if did since in the the same he end he became converted. labor of trained specialists equipped

artificial tools of interhighly

Peter the Lombard, more bound by with 88 pretation.

literal mindedness, finds the he when

Bible in conflict with his science, falls When in 1865 John Henry Newback on the principle propounded by man was consulted by a friend reHilary: "The thing must not be subgarding the founding of a Catholic

review ject to the to the historical but on, the word, Origen the word From 85 ing would of thing."fathers insist verse the reasonable be better—buthe replied:who"Nothwould that every sounds That

scripture can be read a number of enough: but when the word is the bear it? Unless one doctored all one's

a thought bad be would one is one'sdifferent which scripture and the thing arrangement ways, an own facts, 89 time Dusame Catholic."At the to subject limited experience, describes aptly as "conventhenAquinas

ient."If a passage might prove emthe word to the thing is to interpret chesne was protesting in vain to his

barrassing taken as it stands, one has any line of scripture in whatever way fellow church historians "that it was historical methto a sound contrary it suits "sense."in as such otheronly to read some one's predilections—and to the texts twisting on od to insist it. freof to sense the makes full use say the LombardNeedless most

quently objected to is the crass, literal, It is an unlimited license to control make them talk like Athanasius,"texts in the earlier control that is, to of past. It the Cathois the boast attention thehistorical the one—beneath oppos90 In later theology. of support scholasthe that lic scholar Schindler contemplaof devoted to the minds

tion of higher things. In the fathers, tic philosophers always denounced ing this Duchesne was bucking the

according to Schanz, "allegorical arbilying. 80 Of course they did; the purestablished practice of centuries. Actrariness and uncontrolled whimsy pose of their art was to make it uncording to De Wulf, when St. Thomas

run riot,"expressing themselves in the necessary to lie. If one can prove Aquinas wants to disagree with St.

scholia, the homily, and the commenthat black is white by a syllogism, Augustine, his unfailing guide and tary. 82 why should one be guilty of blurting mentor, "he does not contradict him;

... suspect consider him not does he lie? it out, as a unproven, for Catholics day, In our both own the meaning transforms instead he ardent apologist, Catholic this The Protestants, lavish controland slight by sometimes statements, of his

recently Arnold wrote: Lunn, to a simpler boiled "Thehas down much

inviolent by sometimes corrections, claims credentials that acher in Church bookkeeping, which,double cording to Professor Pfeirfer, one must can be proved from certain books in terpretations which do violence to the "distinguish sharply between true the Bible, treating them as purely text. Von Hertling has listed some

facts and true doctrine.... That the human documents. The Bible con250 such deliberately falsified citapoint of view of science and faith sists of a series of books selected by tions from Augustine."91

should be kept distinct is admitted the Catholic Church-—books which This business is easily justified

by a historian who is a Roman Caththe Catholic Church claims the right among religious writers by the law olic priest, G. Ricciotti, when he to interpret. It is for the church to of the greater good. The Mohamrecognized that exegetically 'the sun say where the Bible records objective

stood still and the moon stayed'at facts and where the Bible uses metamedan doctors established the princiGibeon in a literal sense, but that phor and allegory."87 This is selfple that anything which Mohammed

scientifically 'there was no real astrocertification with a vengeance: the would have said could be safely atnomical perturbation.'"83 So, the sun church waves before us certain docutributed to him, and on this authority

stood still literally but not astroments which she claims prove her put in his mouth the edict, "Whatnomically. authority; these documents she has ever is in agreement with this, that

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is from me, whether I actually said structed and amateurish.""Unless mnemonic devices as property marks

it or not."92 you accept our interpretation of the and tallies,97 busy practical people

What makes this sort of hightexts,"the layman is told, "you obhave always got along supremely well handed control possible is the conviously do not understand them. And without it. Like the calendar—long

fiding of all interpretive authority in if you don't understand them, you supposed to have been the invention official, appointed bodies of experts, have no right to question our interof farmers, who of all people are the closed corporations of professional pretation of them!"least dependent on the fixed and rigid

clergy that may not be challenged And so the layman is put in his setting of days98—writing is only usefrom outside; they are selfcertified place. The guarded degree, the closed ful in everyday life because everyday

and selfperpetuating. Nowhere have corporation, the technical vocabulary, uses have been found for it. But

the doctors enjoyed more absolute authese are the inner redoubt, the inthe businessman, however capable he thority than among the Jews, whose violable stronghold of usurped aumay be in other things, often becomes awe in the presence of formal learnthority. Locked safe within the awkward and selfconscious when he

ing is just this side of idolatry; whatmassive and forbidding walls of intries to write correctly, embarrassingever a clever scholar teaches, accordstitution and formality lies what the ly aware that he is handling a

ing to Rabbi Joshua ben Levi, is to Egyptians called "the King's secret,"medium that is strange to his calling.

be received as if it were the word of the secret of controlling the past. Though writing is as old as history,

God spoken to Moses himself on practical people have never yet got

Sinai! 93 1. AS FAR AS IT IS TRANSLATED used to it, but like the generality of

By closing ranks and presenting a CORRECTLY."mankind have persisted in viewing

proud front to the world of common it as a sort of magic, an affected and men, the clergy are spared the pains After all has been said about the artificial thing, an ornamental acof ever having to answer back to the art of selecting, censoring, rewriting, complishment designed for ostentastrong arguments against their conand interpreting the records of the tion rather than for use. It is introl of the past. Any who refuse to past, the fact remains that the greatconceivable that true writing was ever

accept their verdict are by that very est opportunity for exercising control devised as a tool for these people, let act disgraced and disqualified. As over the documents lies not in these alone by them. The really marvelous

often as not they gain the support of mechanical chores but in the business things that writing does, the astoundprinces and potentates, and then woe of translating the strange and uning feats of thoughtstimulation, to the wretch who questions them! familiar idioms in which the texts thoughtpreservation, and thoughtWhen the immortal Pascal, one of are written. As Joseph Smith knew transmission for which it has always

the supremely great intellects of all so well, next to revelation it is lanbeen valued by a small and specialtime, challenged the tricky but shalguage that holds the key to the past. ized segment of society, "the scribes,"

low and contradictory arguments of This key is worth a brief examination are of no interest to practical people:

the Jesuits, they put him in his place here. business records, private letters,

by accusing him of being "a brilliant The writers of fantastic fiction often school exercises, and the like are farceur without 'authority,'a lay overlook the very obvious. We have periodically consigned to. the incinertheologian, an amateur of two days''yet to learn of any creation of theirs ator by clerks and merchants to whom

standing, 'the ladies'theologian,'that has surpassed in boldness of coneternal preservation and limitless and the like, clinching their charges ception or economy of operation that transmission mean nothing. The

with the ultimate condemnation of all astounding device by which the hucontents of such documents from the upstarts: "He does not even have a man race has throughout its history beginning show a complete unawaredoctor's degree!"84 Thus Lunn anbeen able to preserve the very ness, almost a visible contempt, for

nihilates one who dared to criticize thoughts of men and transmit them the real capabilities and uses of writthe matchless double talk of St. through unlimited expanses of time ing. It is another and equally anLiguori: "The poor man did not realand space. Writing is a thoroughly cient type of document that knows

ize that casuistry, like other branches artificial thing—no more a product of how to prize the true merit of the

of law, has its technical vocabulary evolution than feathers or water or written word, and it is easy to surand, as a result, he made a very comalgebra are. It is hard to believe that mise that this wonderful device came

plete fool of himself."As for Prothe first systems of writing that arose to the human family as a gift from

fessor Haldane, though he quotes almost simultaneously in Egypt, parties unknown whose intent was

Aquinas in the clearest possible terms, Sumer, Elam, and India (all these culthat it should assist the race in a sort he cannot for Mr. Lunn be anything tures being at that time in contact of cosmic bookkeeping. At any rate,,

but "uninstructed and amateurish."95 with each other) were each invented that actually is the principal use to

This is the last and favorite resort of independently or brought forth in rewhich the instrument has been put the clergy when they are questioned sponse to the needs of the business since the beginning of that history too closely: their questioners simply world. 96 For though writing may which it alone has made possible.

don't understand; they are "uninhave been suggested by such useful (Continued on following page)

MAY 1955 307 CONTROLLING THE PAST

(Continued from preceding page) nomical apparatus it is by virtue of his written report of the case but reOne might as well argue that the being at the same time an exceedingfuses to let us see the evidence for brace and bit was invented as a crude ly sensitive one. The price of the ourselves. Granted that the contool for scratching leather and later thing is nominal in this age of great stable is smarter than we are and

discovered to be useful for boring libraries and microfilming, but its efmore experienced at his business, still holes in wood as to maintain that fectiveness depends entirely on the we want to see the clues for ourselves, writing was conceived as a means of skill and understanding with which for in them lie the charm, challenge, keeping track of heads of beef and it is operated. True writing is not and instruction of the game. In the

measures of grain by people who picture writing; to receive its mesplace of a teeming, living complex of

later discovered that far more wonsage the reader himself must be very hints and suggestions which is the derful and significant things could be specially adjusted. And when such original text the translator gives us,

done with it. The Great Seal of a reader takes it upon himself to as he must, only a limited number of

with—aEngland simple,can be usedpractical,to crackprimitivenuts conveyancients,toheothershimselfthebecomeswords ofa partthe certitudesthor's—and hiswhatevercertitudes,failsnotto theattractauoperation, suggesting a very plausible of the transmission machine—its most his attention and elicit his response

isorigin—but it also has other uses. vital element, in fact. As far as the is left unrecorded. Thus the door

The earliest uses of writing for the general public is concerned, the efclosed to any critical study of any keeping of accounts are in temple fectiveness of the miraculous and agetext in translation, and we have the records, sacred things; and right along old machine for thoughttransmission wellknown dictum that the comwith them go the ritual texts, with depends entirely on the man who is pletest critical commentary on a text

an equal claim to antiquity and a operating it. is a translation of it, or in other

far greater claim to the attention of All the documents of antiquity words, that a translation is not a those priests who have always been without exception are written in lantext at all but only a commentary on the peculiar custodians of the written guages that no one speaks today. it: after the translator has given us

word. From the beginning the writWhat an opportunity this offers for his views there is nothing more to

ten words were the divine words, the controlling the past! In the field of say. He places before us his own

mdw ntr."translation the scope and ambition handiwork from which all possible

To state it briefly, we find writing of operations are simply staggering. interpretations but his own have been

from the first used for two kinds of The ancient writer and the modern removed.

forbookkeeping: for terrestrial business reader—producer and consumer of Folly Number Two—Opinionsit is not really necessary—in fact, history respectively—are alike at the Evidence: There are two things that

such masters of this field as Commomercy of a tyrannical middleman no translation can convey, namely dore Vanderbilt found themselves without whose express permission not what the author said and how he said better off without it; but for celestial one word can be conveyed from the it. At the beginning of his book on

business it is indispensable. Which, past to the present. This serious situthe translation of Greek and Latin,

then, is the more likely to have proation demands a moment's attention. WilamowitzMoellendorf gives a wellduced it? Every indication points Let us consider briefly the crippling nigh perfect definition of a translato the temple. disadvantages of trying to study tion: "A translation is a statement

And what an instrument! By its church history through the medium in the translator's own words of what

operation we know not only what of translations. he thinks the author had in mind."

men saw and heard and did and He cannot, of course, state what the said three and four thousand years 2. The Follies of Translation author actually had in mind, for only

ago, but actually what they also the author knows that; nor can he

thought and felt. The most delicate Folly Number One—Destroying report what the author said he had

nuances and fleeting impulses of the the Clues: Every page of any ancient in mind, for the author has already

mind have outlasted the enormous text is a densely compact, all but done that; he can, as Wilamowitz

Cyclopean foundations of worldruling solid mass of elaborately interwoven assures us, only tell us in his own cities, and where twentyton blocks clues. No two people react the same language what he thinks the author

may have vanished without a trace, way to these clues, and no one person is trying to convey.

the dreams, hopes, and surmises of reacts the same way to them twice. This means that any translation is

the fragile people who lived among Yet a translation, no matter how good, at best only an opinion—one man's

them remain as fresh and clear as is only one man's reaction to the opinion of what another man had in ever, available to the modern world clues at one time of his life. The mind. Now the importance of anin almost embarrassing abundance. most famous and successful translacient documents as a whole lies in

Embarrassing, because this inestition in the English language is Fitztheir value as evidence, the evidence mable treasure lies neglected, even by gerald's Rubaiyat. Fitzgerald's, not on which we must build the whole

those regiments of professional huOmar Khayyam's, for though Fitzstory of the human race. But an

manists who claim to be its custogerald translated the whole thing opinion is not evidence. It is not addians. again and again, producing a differmissible in the court of scholarship

The cause of this neglect is to be ent Omar each time, Fitzgerald was for the same reason that it is not found in the peculiar nature of the never satisfied that any of his poems admissible in a court of law, because instrument. Our thoughttransmis- was Omar's. The translator is like it always contains a conclusion of the

sion machine is the simple and ecoan officious detective who hands us (Continued on page 364) 308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Genealogy

Unlocking the Doors to Opportunity

by Eugenie Daniels

1484, in Warwickshire, was an officer in the army of King Henry VIII and a remote grandparent of mine and also a greatgrandparent of William

Shakespeare. Their relationship was

as follows:

Sir John Alexander's children were,

Henry, May 11, 1510—married Grace

Arden; Mary, Feb. 5, 1512—married

(Grace's brother) Robert Arden;

Abigail, June 6, 1515—married Richard Shakesphere; Agnes, March 9,

An unusual night scene 1522—married John Hill, a doctor;

of the Salt he died; and she married Mary's husLake Temple. band, Robert Arden.

Mary's daughter married Abigail's son (cousin), who was John Shakesphere. They were the parents of

William Shakespeare, the playright.

—Photograph by T. Harold Jacobsen On this Webb "limb"its branches

ur family tree grew many years his father and mother's name, date of went back to the year 1372. From

before I even knew it had been birth, date of marriage, place of birth Sir John Alexander Webb's father, planted. The phrases, "keeping and place of death. Going back, the John Webb, born July 9, 1450 to his

family records, hunting genealogy, next place to fill out has increased to grandfather, William Webb, John

Webb, Sr., and Geoffrey Webb born and filling out pedigree charts"were four spaces because, each has to fill

familiar, but the necessity or the in the history of his father's parents April 12, 1372.

fascination of doing it didn't appeal to (your grandparents on his side) and Glancing at the family tree as a me until I was in my twenties and his mother's father and mother whole the name Abigail, a few generavisiting a greataunt who had reared (grandparents on her side), increastions back, was as common as Cathy, itsmy orphan mother and brought her ing eight histories like doubling a Sue, and Robin are today. On

to Utah where she joined the Church. penny. limbs were Abigail -twigs of Baxter,

I had lived in California about After reading several pages I disWillis, Saville, Allen, Locke, Buell, fifteen years when I went back to covered my mother's grandmother Ames, Noyes, and Shakespeare.

Payson, Utah, to visit relatives. While was a direct descendant of Priscilla The oddest names were Brother

at my aunt's home I noticed several Mullins, who had married John Paddy of Plymouth, Massachussetts.

looseleaf books on a table and wonAlden. Priscilla's daughter was Ruth Humility Webb, Experience Bolter,

dering about them, asked, "Aunt MatAlden. Her daughter was Ruth Bass, Love Simonds, Ebenezar Flagg, Freetie, what are you doing with all those whose daughter Ruth Webb had a dom Stone, wife of Deacon John Buell,

books?"daughter Ruth Faxon. Ruth Faxon II, Abyah Ingersol, and Cathrine

After her explanation I became innamed her daughter Ruth Locke. Goode, wife of Sir Robert Buell of

terested and a halfhour later was But when Ruth Locke married and Chesterton.

child, her in so the had it was them. a boy Each "up to my neck"

family stopped, the On my mother's limb of the family sheet of after sheet and contained of Ruth name book tree, females predominated. She was

son history. Kapple, Albert sheet Faxon was named Eachmy ancestors'

of four daughters. the She mother

in Ireland, the ancestors. of or born five Dublin, generations on had

brother, only one had and her sisters, of ocean. Albert copies Kapple, someeach Faxon making Later I began

sheet pertaining to my mother's famtimes spelled Capel, met and married with the exception of one, had only ily. The longer I read and wrote, Corinnia Simonds. They had a girl daughters.

the more interested I became. I did and christened her Joanna Kapple. I remember reading in Macaulay's

not want to stop when my husband She married Henrich Franz Friedrich, History of England, "A people which came to take me home. an artist from Sulzheim, Germany. takes no pride in the noble achieveAunt Mattie taught me to think He changed his name to English, ment of remote ancestors, will never

back, as that is the method of filling spelling it Henry Fredericks. They achieve anything worthy to be reout genealogyhistory sheets. Each were the parents of my mother, Cora membered with pride by remote deperson starts with his or her name, Corinnia Fredericks. scendants."

then fills in a space designated for Sir Robert Arden born January 15, (Continued on page 348)

MAY 1955 309 Activities in Rirtland

Chapter III

residence his the first permanent Harris at remained 1831, was Martin Harris was baptizedMartin to to revelation called Utah in 1870. until he went through by name Cowdery Fayette by Oliver

shortly after the Church was obey the law of consecration as an The reputation of Martin Harris organized (April 6, 1830). Also bapexample to the church. "It is wisand the esteem in which he was held

tized at the same time were the dom in me that my servant Martin by his contemporaries at the time he unto example be an should mother and Harris father andProphet's is Kirtland, to Palmyra from the moved 1 before his in laying money church, Rockwell. PorterOrrin article pubin a newspaper expressed

The first recorded ordination of the bishop of the church."(D. & C. lished under date of May 26, 1831,

Martin Harris to an office in the 58:35.) stating that Martin Harris was one

priesthood, that of priest, occurred at It is said he obeyed cheerfully. of about fifty persons to moveto

the first conference of the Church, Returning from the mission to MisOhio. It went on to say that his

held at Fayette, June 9, 1830. Joseph souri, Martin Harris proceeded to escharacter was of the finest, but that

Smith, Sr., and Hyrum Smith were tablish his home in Kirtland, which his large circle of friends pitied him

ordained priests at the same conference. 2

The first high priests were ordained at the conference held at Kirtland,

June 3-6, 1831. Among those ordained high priests at that time were

the Prophet's father, his brother

Hyrum, and Martin Harris. Martin

was ordained under the hands of

Lyman Wight. 3

During the summer of 1831 Martin

Harris was called to accompany the

Prophet on a mission to Missouri. 4

The missionaries traveled with companions, and Martin was paired with

Edward Partridge. Their destination

was the "land of our inheritance, where Zion should be built."Martin

Harris was present at the consecration and dedication ceremonies of the land of Zion.

On August 3, 1831, the temple site was dedicated by Joseph Smith.

Present also were Sidney Rigdon, Edward Partridge, W. W. Phelps, Oliver

Cowdery, Martin Harris, and Joseph

Coe. The scene was solemn and

impressive. 5

During this same month, August

Joseph Fielding Smith, Essentials in Church History (Salt Lake City, 1950), p. 93.

mid., p. 98.

''Ibid., p. 126.

documentary History of the Church (Salt Lake

City, 1927), 1:188.

"Ibid., 1:199.

The printing press on which the first edition of the Book of Mormon was printed, in 1830. 310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for his delusions in joining the When the call went forth asking made known his purpose, as of old;

Church. for volunteers to go to Zion to the to select Twelve Apostles:

of succor Saints the been had who in progress the important event An

I behold, give now, Oliver you, unto And driven from Martin Jackson County> of the place the in took Church also and Cowdery, unto Whitmer, David first iarris offer to the was of amon of the 1831, autumn appointment that shall the out search Twelve, you who f 1S of a "While member I shall desires of the have of have which a over revelastewards body the ees f s s perverse Zion naMartin spoken; CamP'tions and This group commandments.

desires by their and And their works you quote ure was We agai* revealed. of men, of Harris which Martin was J shall them. C. 18:3738.) know (D. & s journal from the Pphet for Monassigned responsithe a member, was

bility of managing the publication day, June 16, 1834: The Lord then set forth their qualiofof the book and commandments fications and duties.

7 revelations. of vital importance The

this calling was emphasized when the It was not until February 14, 1835,

Lord warned the committee of stewmore than five years later, that this ards, "And an account of this stewdivine command was complied with.

ardship will I require of them in the At a special meeting held in Kirtland day of judgment."(D. & C. 70:4.) on this date, Joseph Smith announced

that he had been commanded of the

The fundamental significance and Lord to organize the Council of the true worth of the revelations are Twelve, who would constitute a body forcefully expressed in the report of equal in authority to the First PresiJoseph Smith: dency. All members of Zion's Camp

who could be reached were asked to

My time was occupied closely in reviewattend, for the Twelve were to be ing the commandments and sitting in conference for nearly two weeks; for from the called from among this number. To

first to the twelfth of November [1831] we the two men who had formerly been held four special conferences. In the last, named by revelation, Joseph Smith

which was held at Brother Johnson's in now added Martin Harris, and comHiram, after deliberate consideration, in missioned the three witnesses to of revelations, ofconsequence the book now the choose and ordain the first members the beingto be printed, foundation of

Church in these last days,... Therefore of the Council of the Twelve in this

the conference voted that they prize the dispensation to instruct them in the revelations to be worth to the Church the duties of their new calling. Thus

riches of the whole earth, speaking temporalMartin Harris participated in this benefits to great which the world ly. The

the momentous event. 12 He was entrusted result the and Book of from Mormon

revelations which the Lord has seen fit in with a divine mission and called to

His infinite wisdom to grant unto us for fulfil the purposes of God.

our salvation, and for the salvation of all that will believe, were duly appreciated. 8 Martin Harris early became the

confidant of the Smith family. Joseph's

Martin Harris was for a time faithmother, who was nearer Martin's own ful and energetic in the performance age, was always solicitous of his welof his duties in Kirtland. However, Standing near Monument to Martin Harris fare. She writes, "I spoke of a conas early as the beginning of 1834, a atMartinClarkston,Harris. Utah,(Left)areWaltertwo HarrisgrandsonsDavis,of fidential friend, to whom my husband

spirit of discontent and criticism was son of Julia, daughter of Martin, and (right) merely mentioned the existence of the made manifest in his attitude. It is Russell King Harris, son of Martin, Jr. plates, some two or three years prior

recorded that during January 1834 to their coming forth. This was none

Martin Harris was hailed before the [In Zion's Camp], Martin Harris having other than Martin Harris, one of the council to answer charges of slander boasted to the brethren that he could hanwitnesses to the book, subsequent to its being translated. 13against Joseph Smith. 8 dleing snakeswith a withblack perfectsnake withsafety,hiswhilebare foolfeet,

I left received his he foot. a bite on himself Smith ever... Joseph was

darkhis that was mind He confessed to Smith] took [Joseph reprove occasion of thoughtful Harris. Martin Observe things saidened, had he and that many to the him, exhort and brethren never the intimate associations: Martin Harfeel- the toinadvertently, calculated wound trifle I told the of promises with God.

ings of his brethren, and promised to do them that it was presumptuous for anyone ris was baptized at the same time as better. council The the Prophet's father if were and mother; forgave him, with much to a serpent provoke but to bite him, 9

advice.good bitten was accidentally by a ordained of God high priest he was a man at the

a poisonous serpent, he might have faith, same time as were the Prophet's 17, February the following for faith or his On brethren have might him; father and brother Hyrum; he acthat his a so hear chosen prayer the Lord would Harris was Martin1834,

member of the first high council to and he might be healed; but when a man companied Joseph on the mission to

Missouri present at the dediand was provokes a to bite serpent him,be organized in this dispensation. 10 designedly

site. the principle is the of a the same as when temple History, man cation

"Painesville (Ohio) Telegraph, cited in Francis W. drinks deadly poison, knowing it to be such. in fact, records numerous instances

case, that In the for has Christ in America (InWitness no any claim onKirkham, A man New 11 168.dependence, p. 1942), Mo. to promises healed. be of God 11:186187. lbid.,

cit., 1:236. op. 7D. H. C,

Smith, 13Lucy History Mack early as the 1829, As Lord June 1:235236. flbid., Salt (revised ed. Lake City 1902),of thep. Prophet109. Joseph

Hbid., 11:26.

1072uJ., 11:28; D. & C. 102. Ibid., 11:95. (Continued on page 344)

MAY 1955 311 Forwitha prolongedhis wife, Julia,moment,hesitatedMark hairedsometimesgoddess:a dreamlivingcan proofbe practithat Markacross lookedthe chasmwithofmildthirtyamazementyears at

there in the doorway of the school cal, practical enough to own a mathwhat he had become: a baldheaded

auditorium. Just now, he knew, he ematical brain! man with an expanding waistline. As

should be happy because Paula was Here came the seniors, marching a boy, this Mark had had a dream graduating; happy because—well single file up the aisle, babes in somwith two ingredients: fun and barrels

happiness was supposed to go with ber caps and gowns, step by step adof money. He and a girl named

graduation the way moon rhymed vancing. After tonight, they would Jennie had commuted to Bates High

with June. But definitely he wasn't keep walking. Where? Into what? with two elderly schoolteachers and

happy. A vague melancholy gripped He was a diver fearfully emerging some businessmen. Very prosaic!

his soul. from icy waters, shaking subzero Except that he and Jennie were in

He and Julia were late, as usual. spray from his eyes. So much would love!

But tonight it didn't matter. Rehappen. Paula could know suffering "Trouble is, most people think fun

served seats awaited in the honored and tragedy. A cord in his neck and life don't go together,"he'd told

place for parents, seats predestined tightened. Jennie. "No use livin', if you can't

for them since the day they acquired Paula swept by with a faint smile. have fun. I'll be a famous ball

Paula. He took the offered printed Her face held the innocence of childplayer, make a pile of money out of

program, and they followed an usher hood, the confidence of youth, and fiavin'fun. Between seasons, we'll

down the aisle. Having settled Julia, the crusading zeal of Joan of Arc. travel. There'll be Hawaii, the Alps,

he sank gratefully into his preBehind her marched Herb Eliott. and maybe an African safari. You'd

destined chair. Why make such a Paula was currently in love with love that, Jennie. We'll have funfuss about finishing the twelfth grade? Herb. fun—"

Why didn't they hand out diplomas, So he hadn't been too concerned It was as easy as that because as they did report cards, and be when, with the frankness of atomiceverything comes out right, once through with it? age youth, she'd confided, "Herb and you're in a dream. Where was JenCasually he studied his program I mean to have six children, a brick nie now? Her folks moved away that

and saw that Paula would sing a house electrically applianced. Of summer. After all these years, he

closing number. Paula lived in a course, I'll have my career—my still remembered his pain at losing

world of song. She never, oh never, music—too."Jennie. They'd written long letters

livedmatics—thatin the prosaicworld she'dworldbequeathedof mathe- a Thehalo career,of unreality.he gathered,Healsohadn'thad substitute.for a while.Then,But suddenly,words werehis afatherpoor

to him when she dumped her algebra literally and figuratively into his lap.

"Daddy, it says here: 'Airplane A

takes off from airport X.'MissHumphreys says...."Is tht

To no one in particular he'd growled, "Miss Humphreys! Why by Verna Linburg

doesn't she do her own homework?

If I had my way...."

Of course, Paula had seen that he pointed out that the house and chilhad died. Somebody had to run the

was pretty rusty on algebra and, to dren wouldn't mysteriously take care store.

save face, he'd lectured her about of themselves; that they would necesBaseball waited while he learned

developing initiative, doing her own sitate a large slice of worry and about invoices, discounts, markets.

work. Her only response was, work about tonsillectomies, plumbing, He also learned to love Julia, the per-

"Daddy! You want me to graduate, menus. Instead, he'd said, "If you'd fect secretary. When they'd marconcentrate of a ried, there wasn't time algebra, you might on for muchdon't you?"

.."wing honeymoon. was being make an A.. A new so Paula was graduating or And

would be graduated within the hour. Her laugh was delicious. "Daddy! added to the store. Later there'd

School dignitaries now were filing on- I'm avoiding the stigma of being a been air conditioning, escalators, a to the stage. Which was Miss brain. Herb says a smart girl contea room.

it exHumphreys? Undoubtedly she was centrates on looks."He could never have done

Julia. Julia was good forthe elderly woman wearing bifocals. He looked at her now without the cept for

No other creature could take pleasure bias of father love. There was him. She inspired him to make

in finding out how long it took airnothing startling about her. She was dreams concrete. He'd made money,

plane A to overtake airplane B. average height, neither extremely not barrels of it, but enough. Fun?

fair, just nor dark looking, natural he fun along had the Had way?

his to prove sound, judgment Just althere So and appealing. not. least would At Maybe not in the way

to Julia. whisperedhe "Which be a other one ways Herb or some of the boy fun. thought Mark man had

Julia,is Miss Humphreys?"

life a devout in chose until she her one there'd satisfaction. Herb But been Maybe know.member of P-TA would for good. help her to choose that Heaven Satisfaction word! was the with

She whispered back, "The blond the right Herb! the business, his home, the Church,

on the front row, the one in the blue Somewhere in the marching seniors, Julia! Julia was talking to him now.

faille suit."he saw himself—another Mark. He "Isn't he distinguishedlooking?"

Why, Miss Humphreys was little recognized him by his long arms, big He leaned a little closer to her and more than a child herself! A golden - ears, and mop of red hair. This other mumbled, "Hum-m-m? Who?"

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I le and Julia were late. But tonight it didn't matter. Reserved

seats awaited in the honored place tor parents.

inside she was his. They shared a all over! I thought I'd be happy,

mutual dislike of onions, hot Weather, but I'm not! I know you cannot unand crowds, and a love of rain, the derstand...."Time

lonesome whistle of a train and the But hedid. Something sweet and

taste of popcorn. Tonight marked dear was over for him, too. Paula

the end of one phase of their closewas experiencing her first grief over ness. After tonight, Paula would an accomplished dream—a sudden

"I said, 'Isn't the speaker distinhave college, a home of her own...."adult awareness that possessing a

guishedlooking?""Her soprano voice awakened the dream doesn't bring happiness. Why

By a tremendous effort, he conother half of his brain. Paula stood must it be so? He wished he could

centrated briefly on the bespectacled before the footlights. She started to tell her, but there were no words

commencement orator; trying despersing. for dreams that faded into reality.

ately to paint a realistic world to the Mark heard Julia's sharp intake of He wanted to tell her, "Someday senior class, he might as well be lecbreath, felt her shoulder give a conyou'll be in our place, and then a turing a group of happy sparrows. vulsive twitch. A muscle in his jaw little door in your heart will open

His words rumbled on and on. Their quivered. wide, and you'll be back to tonight.

thunder echoed in his brain like the All the longing and heartache of So tonight isn't over, Baby. Not

distant rumble announcing the ghostchildhood melting into adulthood really! You'll always have it, in a

ly ninepin game to Rip Van Winkle. was in their daughter's dear voice. way."Instead, he patted her back

Unlike Rip, though, only half of his Mark wanted to take her into his and nodded over her shoulder at brain was asleep—the half listening arms and hold her forever, hold back Miss Humphreys, who had joined

to the commencement address—the life, sorrow, pain. These must never them.

other half was busy with thoughts of touch her. The song swept on to its Paula turned in his arms. She

Paula. heartbreaking finale on highhigh wiped her eyes and smiled at everyShe'd come to them after two years notes. body. "Daddy, the gang's going to

of marriage. Naturally, he'd wanted It was a wonderful way to end a Miss Humphreys'...."

a boy but, in no time at all—in fact, wonderful evening. Thunderous ap- "Run along,"he said.

from the minute her baby fingers plause rang down the curtain, and The boy who took her away wasn't had clutched his hand—he'd been the audience broke into a milling named Herb. He was a tall, redsatisfied with a girlchild. Daughters crowd. headed fellow with big ears, a young

favored fathers, he thought; sons A small cyclone hit him, and fellow named Mark. And so he

were like mothers. Paula grew to Paula's arms closed around his neck. called after them,

look like Julia, thank goodness, but "Oh, Daddy! I'm going to cry! It's "Have fun!"

MAY 1955 313 Kaysville, Utah

Dear Edgar, was a thrill bumping into you, Letter to a MissionaryIt my old missionary companion, after all these years. But the

thrill turned to shock when you answered my question as to what you were doing in the Church with, "Nothing."I am sorry our visit was interrupted and cut so short so that all I had a chance to say was, "I still believe, and stronger than ever,"but had no time to give you my reasons. Hence

this letter.

You once told me of; an experience \

youhad with a deerhunting com-*', panfon in the high Uintah Moun-.

tains, late one fall in bitter cold and stormy weather. Your companion

had become lost, panicky,; and finally

exhausted from running 'over the, mountainside. He lay down under a

pine tree, and by sheer luck you had A come upon him before he froze to death. He;was still conscious and

could talk >to you, but in his numbed condition claimed he was not cold at all.

No amount of coaxing on your part could persuade him to get up and move around. He begged to be left

alone, insisting that he was perfectly An artist's conception of the Confederate attack on Fort Sumter, in the war prophesied comfortable, and became angry by Joseph Smith, as early as 1833.

when you dragged him to his feet and made him move. You said he

really was angry when at last in cold you are numb and can't think where one of the great battles of the desperation you picked up a stick and clearly in spiritual matters? Civil War was fought, known as the

laid one or two across his back until Perhaps you may have been of- "Battle above the Clouds"? We mishe moved to get out of the reach of fended by your ward teachers, quosionaries were sitting on the steps of

it. You had to drive him more than rum president, or your bishop bethe New York monument while

a mile like that, for every time you cause he would not go away and quit President Callis was delivering his were sympathetic and eased up with bothering you. Am I guessing corsermon, and in the course of his rethe stick, he'd lie down again. Finalrectly? It's too bad there isn't some marks he quoted these lines from

ly, however, you got him moving sort of spiritual stick each could use Shakespeare:

faster and faster to get out of the way to arouse you and get your spiritual And this our life exempt from public of the stick, and his blood started blood circulating again. I'm sure the haunt

circulating, warming him up so that time would come when you would Finds tongues in trees, books in the when he could think clearly, he thank those who did use it for doing running brooks, thanked you time and time again with so. Sermons in stones and good in every

tears in his eyes for using the stick Now to answer that charge ofand saving his life. yours that there is no evidence, outthing.—As You Like It, Act II, Sc. 1

I have the feeling since our conside of Joseph Smith's saying so, that Then he asked us, "If there are versation the other day that you, and an angel ever visited him. Edgar, sermons in stone, as Shakespeare

hundreds of other good men like you, there are stacks of good evidence to said, what sermon is that pile of are in about the same condition corroborate Joseph Smith's statement stone preaching?"pointing to the

spiritually as your hunting companthat an angel came to him with an monument. None of us had an anion was physically. You came home all important message from God to swer. Then he said, "I'll tell you

from your mission all enthusiastic, mankind. what sermon it is preaching. It is

and for some reason you have grown Do you remember the conference preaching that Joseph Smith is a cold. Is it because of inactivity in in Chattanooga, and the one meeting Prophet of God."He paused as we

the Church? Is it because you're so we held up on Lookout Mountain, looked at each other wondering how

314 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that Joseph Smith is a Prophet and realize that men in 1823 were hartestifying that he was visited and investing their grain with scythes and structed by an angel. Your automosickles and threshing it out by spreadbile is preaching it, and so is your ing it on a floor and driving theirCompanion refrigerator and all of our modernoxen over it? The selfsame method

day wonders. that had been used for the past five

by Rulon Killian The Angel Moroni visited Joseph thousand years. (You can read of

BISHOP OF KAYSVILLE 1ST WARD Smith September 22, 1823, and after that method in the book of Genesis.)

telling the boy about the plates hidBut shortly after 1823, Cyrus H.

it could possibly be. Then he conden in the hill, began quoting propheMcCormick began visualizing the

tinued about like this: cies from the Old Testament saying possibility of a mechanical reaper,

"Twentyeight years before the that they had not been fulfilled yet and it was in the ninth year after

Civil War began, Joseph Smith but soon would be. One of these the angel's visit that he had his

prophesied that war would break out was from Joel 2:28 to 30. It reads, reaper patented. Also, in 1823,

between the Southern States and the "And it shall come to pass afterward, women were still using the needle and

Northern States, that the Southern that I will pour out my spirit upon all thread to make their clothes as they

States would call upon Great Britflesh; and your sons and your daughhad been doing ever since before the

ain for help, and that the war would ters shall prophesy, your old men flood. But soon the inventor Elias

terminate in the death and misery shall dream dreams, your young men Howe got to dreaming of the possiof many souls. Now New York and shall see visions: bility of a sewing machine, and in a

other states have gone to much "And also upon the servants and score of years he was demonstrating trouble and expense to have these upon the handmaids in those days one.

stones hauled up on this mountain will I pour out my spirit. I was reading a little almanac re-

(and dozens of other parks through- "And I will shew wonders in the cently put out by the Bell Telephone out the Southern States) and piled heavens and in the earth, blood, and Company, and this appeared in one up artistically to tell all who visit fire, and pillars of smoke."Now place, "When George Washington

these places that the Southern States there are other verses he quoted, and died (December 14, 1799) although did fight against the Northern States, whole sermons in each of them, but his death was top news to the counthat the Southern States did call uptime and space will permit my calltry, it was eleven days before the on Great Britain for help, and that ing attention to only the part wherepeople up in Boston heard about it,"the war did terminate in the death in it says that God will pour out his showing that in communication as and misery of many souls."spirit upon all flesh, men will dream in these other things progress was

You may have forgotten that serdreams and see visions and great slow. George Washington died

mon, Edgar, but I haven't, and as I wonders will come upon the earth. twentyfour years before the angel's

have grown older and have looked The angel said, "Now that prophecy visit. Shortly after the visit, howabout me, I see many things besides will soon come to pass."ever, a man who was neither scienstones that are preaching a sermon Edgar, have you ever stopped to tist nor mechanic, but an artist, was

returning from an art exhibit in

Paris. While on the boat the idea

came to him of the possibility of sending messages by code over a wire. He soon was working on the

idea. A wire was strung between

Washington, D. C, and Baltimore,

and the first words sent over the wire were, "What hath God wrought."

Thus Samuel F. B. Morse publicly

admitted that God had put this idea into his head. (By the way, this

demonstration took place May 24, 1844, just one month and three days before that bloodthirsty mob took the life of Joseph Smith in Carthage,

Illinois.) Twentyfour years before

the angel's visit it took top news eleven days to reach Boston, three hundred and fifty miles away!

Twentyfour years after the angel's visit it could be sent in less than eleven seconds.

Edgar, get out your encyclopedia and check me on these dates and notice too that in transportation as in

The wonders of modern automotive transportation received great impetus under the hands of such men as Henry Ford, pictured here in his first "horseless carriage."{Continued on page 350)

MAY 1955 315 Juan (one of the Lacadon Indian guides) paddling the boat taking Milton R. Hunter and Jose Davila across the river near

Jose Petit's home, and Nabor (another Lacadon Indian guide), sitting on the log.

Part II Visiting Bonampak and the Lacadon Indians Archaeology

dramatic chapter in the story of complete freedom from the multitude /I American archaeology was broadof worries and problems attached to ly cast to the world in 1947 when modern society. In the jungles of the Book

the recent discovery in the southern Usumancinta River basin near the jungles of Mexico of scenes depicting southern borders of Mexico, he joined darkand lightcolored Indians paint- a group of Mayans, the Lacadon Ined on the interior walls of a temple dians, who were living under very was announced. The Mayan name primitive conditions. 2 He married

their one of "painted walls,"meaningBonampak, women and made his ogists hurried puband to Bonampak them. this archaeological with site. 1 homewas given to this articles describing lished unusual,

A succession of interesting events After living with them for a few ancient temple with its "painted resulted in the discovery of Bonamyears, he won their confidence, and walls."

pak. Approximately fifteen years they told him about Bonampak, situWhen I read those articles, I seago when war clouds were hovering ated some ten to fifteen miles from cretly and eagerly hoped to visit Bonover the United. States, Charles (Cartheir jungle huts. As a result of ampak and examine this marvelous

los) Frey, a young man in Chicago, much persuasion, the Lacadon Indiscovery which could provide valudecided to get completely away from dians guided Mr. Frey to the temple able evidence in helping to confirm

what we term civilization; and so he of the "painted walls,"and these he the claims made by the Book of Morleft the United States with the hope examined with intense interest. Soon mon that there were dark and light

:-of rinding a spot where he could thereafter he visited Mexico City and colored peoples in ancient America.

enjoy peace and contentment with reported his discovery. ArchaeolMy chances to go there seemed reiSylvanus G. Morley, The Ancient Maya (Palo

Alto, California, 1947), p. 415. Hbid., pp. 208, 381, 410. 32 Ne. 5:2125; 30:6; Jacob 3:8; 3'Ne. 2:15.

316 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mote; however, rather unexpectedly

I received the opportunity to go.

At 5:30 a.m. on the morning of January 18, 1955, Otto Done, a m*%

photographer working for the Church,

Jose Davila, a Mexican guide and former branch president at Puebla, and I alighted from a train at Tenosique, Tabasco, Mexico, waited anxiously for daylight to come, and then mm hired the owner of a small plane to fly us to an airstrip near Bonampak.

By 10 o'clock we had flown over the jungles of Mexico nearly to the extreme southern limits of that country and had landed on an airstrip cut for the use of workers in the chicle industry which provides the substance from which chewing gum is made. The place we landed was

fi n!"v called El Sedro. We were now in $&$

one of the most densely wooded regions in the world, where there are f / J.V- 'ft

no civilized people and no laws to govern the few primitive Lacadon

Before live there. Indians who he %m us informed that we aviator left, our

were crazy if we attempted to hike

'.?4>'.%V to Bonampak. He said, "If you get

lost, you won't be the first nor the last ones. Recently an American was

fifteen for jungles lost in these days."-Mm discourage to efforts of his In spite

us, we were still determined to go to

Bonampak.

And so the aviator remarked, "If you still insist on going, there is your

v/nv and the #&- 'F, Bj- J.

ripA ""of Mormon by Dr. Milton R. Hunter

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Photographs by Otto Done BB|

trail leading out of the southwest corner of the airstrip; however, I still

think you are fools."

We arranged with the aviator to meet him at the airstrip three days hence at 10 a.m., waved adieu as he

flew away, and then commenced hiking along a very indistinct and difficult jungle trail.

at arrival the before shortly jungles of and clouds, view Airplane Top: After approximately one hour's used of water Center: Bonampak. miles A stream fifteen from airstrip the

time had passed and Otto, Jose, and for a jungle trail, and Nabor, Milton R. Hunter, and Jose Davila. Bottom:

R. Hunter, Milton of themselves, photograph studying a Indians I had almost reached the conclusion Lacadon left are on the of Indians. The three height Davila. Observe and Jose

(Continued on following page) the Indians who first met us.

MAY 1955 317 dred feet upward and growing closely together, were interwoven with vines of various species. These nd

only climbed the trees from the ground to their tops, but also grew crosswise from tree to tree, making:

the vegetation practically a solid hedge. We observed that certain

varieties of plants, such as philodendrons, which are grown as house plants in Utah, climbed one hundred feet high to the tops of the trees.

Words are inadequate to describe the density and the beauty of the tropical jungles of southern Mexico. Thousands of orchid plants are attached

to the trees. When in full bloom,

these flowers would be a gorgeous sight.

Occasionally vines grew across the trail only four or five feet from the ground. This necessitated much

stooping on our part, especially in the case of Otto Done who is six feet

Milton R. Hunter and Nabor examining a broken Mayan stele at Bonampak. two inches tall. Because of the masses

of leaves which were packed on the ground, the trail at times was exArchaeology and the Book of Mormon tremely difficult to distinguish. We

could have gone one direction almost (Continued from preceding page) as our guides; and so we proceeded as easily as another and still thought

that we were lost, we met some Inonward, putting our trust in the Lord. we were on the trail.

dians on the trail and they became Never in my life before making our guides. this trip have I known what jungles The tropical vegetation was so

Our rescuers consisted of two Inand jungle trails really were. What dense, regardless of how brightly the

dian women and a boy, the latter a trail! The trees of numerous variesun shone in the heavens, that it rewhom I estimated to be approximately ties, towering approximately one hunsembled dusk throughout the entire

fifteen years old. These Indians, having heard our plane, had left their

home and hurried down the trail to meet us.

They spoke Spanish and Mayan, Jose Petit, a redhaving learned the former language headed Lacadon Infrom chicle workers, and so Otto and dian—practically

Jose conversed with them in Spanish. white,and baby.with hisJosewifeis

After proper introductions had been the brotherin-law of made, the Indian women announced ofBonampak.Frey, discoverer of

that they were formerly the wives of a man named Corranza who had been killed recently by another member of their tribe named Obregon.

This news was disheartening. Here

we were miles and miles from civilization, with no law enforcement officers nor laws to protect us, and suddenly we were informed that this had happened. With concern we

asked, "Why did Obregon shoot Corranza?"

The reply was, "Because Obregon was loco in the head."

In each of our hearts was a strong hope and a sincere prayer that we three would not become Obregon's next victims. Nevertheless we were

very thankful to have the Indians *>..,y3T.gyyWu. v. ->:: ---V ""<r -W.oV.. 3 "vSL, 'SF*:".

318 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA so much equipment, and so we were 'Indian women and boy met us before forced to climb over the logs. I had we arrived at their casa or home. We

a large movie camera strapped around invited them to continue on to my neck and hanging in front of me, Bonampak, but they declined, stating with another camera hanging down that the two men of that particular my back, and water canteens hanging household probably would go with us on each side. Otto and Jose were if we would wait until they returned

equally heavily laden, their packs infrom hunting birds. Naturally to

cluding food, hammocks, and several wait was our only choice; however,

additional cameras. this afforded us an unusual opporAs we continued our journey along tunity to study the Lacadon Indians

the jungle trail, it seemed as if every firsthand.

vine reached out and grabbed hold The two men, their several wives, of our feet, tripping us over. It was and the two boys were living in two

really laughable to see how many thatched houses which stood in the times each of us fell down, but our center of a beautiful spot that had

Indian guides never stumbled. My been carved out of the jungles. A

first really exciting fall occurred river of sparkling water ran nearby.

shortly after the Indians had joined Approximately ten acres of land prous. We were attempting to cross a duced bananas, sweet potatoes, corn,

stream on a log covered with slick, sugar cane, gourds, tobacco, and green moss. When I reached the papayas for the Indians'subsistence.

A White, redheaded Lacadon woman. middle of the stream, my feet slipped, We observed that this small group of

and I fell into the water. As quickly natives had twelve dogs, a herd of

course of our journey. The heat was as I could I held both cameras as goats, a large flock of chickens, several

intense and the humidity high. I high out of the water as possible, turkeys, and a pair of parrots. The

was unable to wear my glasses at while I struggled to my feet and out latter perched in a tree and served as all in the jungles. of the stream. How the Indians decoys to attract wild parrots which

We soon learned that the Lacadon laughed! That mishap furnished the Indians shot for food according

Indians were decidedlyJ in favor of them the most fun they experienced to their desires and needs.

using streams of water for the trail while we were with them. Since there were only two boys of

whenever opportunity afforded itself. We hiked through the jungles for approximately fifteen years of age in

Occasionally during the earlier porapproximately two hours after the (Continued on page 338) tion of our journey the trail crossed streams of water. We picked our

way very cautiously, endeavoring to find logs or rocks on which to walk.

Soon our feet were thoroughly soaked, and from then on we merely waded in the water in Indian fashion whenever we encountered a stream. As

we continued our journey toward

Bonampak, the trail on a number of occasions actually went in the streams of water, following their courses for nearly one hundred yards at a time before coming again onto the land.

At certain times the water in which we waded was kneedeep. The trail

was so indistinct and difficult to follow that without our Indian guides we would have never reached Bonampak.

Our progress was made more difficult in certain places by muddy trails, causing us to sink ankledeep; in

other places our progress was hampered by four or five logs which had fallen on top of each other and were lying stretched across the trail. If

it so happened that there was a hole large enough underneath the logs to squeeze through, the Indians would drop on their stomachs and crawl.

Unfortunately, we found it impossible K": S;!!jj.:i-

to follow suit, since we were carrying Lacadon Indians eating dinner before the departure for Bonampak.

MAY 1955 319 by Elsie Chamberlain Carroll YEAR of the it picture of her thinks She thought different that would so he and her typewriter leftNancy built from she the had best Barker are in interest home the arouse what impatiently to answer went doorbell. She'd never get that qualifications for good motherhood. things Jim had said since he became

article finished in time. She hoped He appointed me to write the interinterested in Jeanie—a family picnic

it was a salesman whom she could views which will be published in the in the living room one day when it dispose of quickly. She sighed as she woman's department of the Express."rained—little boys roasting wieners

passed the door of Jim's disorderly Nancy hesitated. She was naturalover logs in the fireplace—neighborroom. Why was it so much harder ly pleased that she had been nomihood talent shows and lawn carnivals

to train Jim than it had been the nated by the Progressive League she with the mother leaving her washing of years ago. halfdone to be a judge. And heother children?—That slipshod Barker had organized a number

a thought it was wonderful.family—what he could see in the But having a public poll—it was

girl?—The bell rang again. strange procedure. "Well, now what is it you want to

"Good morning, Mrs. Morris,""If—if you are too busy right now, know?"She wondered who could

greeted the smartly tailored young I could come back a little later,"the have nominated the woman. She

woman on the porch. "Can you spare girl offered. "I could go and see couldn't possibly belong to any clubs

a few moments?"Mrs. Barker first."—with that household. Was it nine "I'm very busy. What—"No, no. Come in. I'm always or eleven, Jim had said?

"I'm Bonnie Ungar from the Evebusy."Mrs. Barker—surely it couldn't "Why just everything. Everyone

ning Express. You know, of course, be knows how much you've done for

that you are a nominee for the Clarks- "Sit here, by this table. Who did Clarksdale, working on drives, lecturdale mother of the year."you say the other nominee is?"ing, organizing clubs. You organized

about I think her the Progressive "Yes. I heard—or read something "A Mrs. Barker—Susan 'League—tell me

about it. There were several nomname is."that."

inees.""The one who lives on Canal "That was fifteen years ago. There

"Yes. But you are tied in the Street?"was nothing in Clarksdale then, it

committee with another, that is for—"Why, yes, I believe so. Yes, here seemed to me, of a cultural nature.

the deciding vote. Mr. Harvey, ediit is—49 West Canal Street. Her There were only five original memtor of the Express, persuaded the comhusband is Sam Barker. He has a bers. Women were not interested in

mittee to let him run interviewes food store over on the west side. She anything outside their homes. Now

with you two nominees; then maybe must be a wonderful woman, too, there are fifty members and a long

have a public poll or something like though not so prominent as you. I waiting list. The league has done

that for the final decision. It seems really hadn't heard of her before. I wonders in improving the members

the qualifications of you and the suppose you know her."through wide reading and has stimuother nominee are so fine—and yet "I know of her,"Nancy said dryly. lated interest in civic projects which

320 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA have raised the cultural standards of Or had he already gone? Nancy in her desk? She'd been so busy

the town."recalled his last letter with uneasiabout that time with committee work.

"What are some of the projects you ness. Could his marriage be in "And your third son? Where is

have helped to promote?"danger? He mentioned Harriet's obhe?"

"I promoted the first drive for a jection to his traveling abroad until "He's with the government also public library, was a charter member Tommy had recovered from rheuan attache in Italy."

of the City Health Board. Oh, I matic fever. Why hadn't he written "Are these three sons married?"

suppose I've had my hand in most more? Had she made the children "Yes. Walter hasn't been home

everv worthwhile movement in too independent of her? since the war. He married a French

Clarksdale during the last quarter of "You must be very proud of him. girl while he was doing personnel

a century."Your next son? He's the architect work after the war. Then he was

"I'm sure you have. And all your who helped plan the remodeling of given his present position."

lecturing and writing besides."the White House, isn't he?""And you haven't seen him in all

"Yes, I do some of both. I helped "Yes, Richard is doing very well."these years?"

get our Community Lyceum Course "No. Children have their own

operating and have been on the Leclives to live."Nancy recalled Walter's

turing Service Bureau since. plan to bring his bride home and her

"And you write for different magaown discouragement of it because zines."of the expense and shortness of his

"I do the news notes for the vacation. Had her hope to go abroad

A.A.U.W. Bulletin and some articles herself before he returned, prompted

each year for the Social Science her advice?

Gazette, and occasionally something "And you have but one daughter?

else. I'm busy now on an article I What is she doing to add to your

must get off."honor as a mother?"

"Tell me about your hobbies.""I'm afraid nothing."Nancy hoped

Nancy stiffened a little. the girl couldn't sense her disap-

"I've never had time for hobbies. pointment. "Kathie married just beThey're for people who fail to find fore she finished college. I'd planned

real objectives in life."for her to study medicine. Her father

The girl was taken aback. had hoped one of the children would

"Tell me about your family. I unfollow his profession—and she seemed

derstand your four sons and one to have a bent in that direction. Her

daughter have done pretty wonderful husband is an agricultural professor."

things, too. And of course it's the Her disappointment that Kathie

children who largely determine the had refused a career still hurt. Of

greatness of the mother."course she'd wanted her to marry,

"My oldest son, Dr. Henry T. Morbut she was so young and had had

ris, is with the International Archaeoher babies so fast. Nancy had tried

logical Institute."hard to be father and mother both

"I've heard of him. He writes for after Henry's death. She had so

National Geographic.""The Express ran an article on him wanted them all to achieve. But

"Yes. He conducts archaeological in our "column, 'Local Boys Make Kathie had failed her.

surveys, too, in different countries. Good.'"How many grandchildren do you

He is going to Greece soon to overNancy wondered if she sent the have?"the girl asked.

see excavations there. clipping to Richard—or was it still (Continued on following page)

MAY 1955 321 MOTHER OF THE YEAR (Continued from preceding page) to work pretty well with the older "Mrs. Barker was making a cosNancy felt almost embarrassed. boys. But—of course Jim is still tume for one of her girls for the comHer children were prolific. young."ing school jamboree. She was also

"Henry has five, Richard five, and "I think you've been wonderfully tending a daughter's twins while successful, and thank you so much. their mother was working on theWalter—three."His last letter had

said there would be another in the If you think of anything else, call me. drive for disabled Korean veterans,

spring, and the baby wasn't yet a Mr. Harvey wants the interviews in and she was baking beans for a

paper."church social. But she made me welold!year to tomorrow's used "And Kathie—She

come. back to her work, still Nancy wentsay she wanted has ten and—she

seven already. One pair of twins. thinking of Susan Barker. What "Mrs. Barker is the mother of ten.

I'm afraid she's like some of the had she done for Clarksdale—except The six married ones have given her

women here who seem to think the increase the population? Her housetwenty-one grandchildren."

Nancy read of the Barker progenysize of their families is the goal of keeping must be haphazard—judgingmotherhood. I believe in improving from the effect on Jim. How serious—one son was a Scout executive; anwas he with Jeanie? She was pretty, other was with his father in the grothe race—not just making it larger."

The girl kept busily taking notes. Nancy recalled, the one time he'd cery business; a third, city recreational

"Oh, we haven't talked about Jim. brought her home—but not welldirector, and another was on a misThough he's still young, I imagine groomed. He'd brought her only sion. She read with special interest

you can tell pretty well what he will once, but went to her home more about her daughters.

be."and more frequently. "'Ruth is the mother of the twins.

Nancy sighed. "I wish I could Back at her work she forgot every- I was too busy when my children

tell about Jim. He's the brightest thing until four o'clock, when she were small to do anything outside

of the children as far as his IQ goes. stopped to freshen herself and prethe home. I don't want my girls to

But he hasn't found himself yet."pare dinner. When it was six o'clock be so tied. I try to give them a little

"Doesn't he go with Jeanie Barker? and Jim hadn't come, she was irrifreedom so they can take part in

tated. If he'd been delayed at the things that help others and at theHow exciting! Their mothers—both

candidates for Mother of the Year. lab he should have phoned. This same time make them better mothers.

That would make a story in itself."was happening too often. He'd probClara, my second girl, is going to a

"I don't see why,"Nancy said ably gone home with Jeanie and was home demonstrator's convention in coldly. "Now if you have the ineating some of Mrs. Barker's "good Seattle. We will have her three with

formation you want, Miss Ungar, I stew"he'd told her about, sitting with us the ten days she's gone. Her

really must get back to my work."a bunch of disheveled kids. husband is fine about her going, but

"Could you give me just one more She ate her dinner in grim disconhe's principal of the junior high over thing? I do want to do justice to you tent and was back at her work when in Three Points and of course can't

wonderful women. Please list the Jim came, hours later. When he take care of the babies.'"

things you have developed in your came to her door, she said coldly, "I "When the interviewer asked if children which you consider the greatsuppose you've had something to caring for grandchildren wasn't hard est contributing factors in their suceat."now she was getting older, Susan recess.""Yes,"he answered and went to plied: 'Well, of course, I get tired

As Nancy sat formulating the rules, his room. The next day there was a easier, but grandchildren don't get

schedules, and habits she had empharestraint between them. on my nerves, they're something extra

sized with the children in their early When the Express came that evespecial.

lives, she noted the girl's eyes roving ning, Nancy turned at once to "While she talked of her children admiringly over the attractive living Woman's Section and hastily read the she alternately picked up the toys the room. Nancy was proud of the editorial paragraph preceding Miss twins kept throwing out of the play

harmony, the dignified austerity, and Ungar's interviews. She reread the pen, checked on the beans in the

elegance she had achieved. last sentence: "But after all, this oven, and basted ruffles on Judy's

"I don't know whether these are recognition is not for the Mother of costume. Phil, in Korea, had been

the most important, but being left the Year, but for the outstanding wounded twice and decorated for the to take the place of their father as mother, and it is in her relationship heroic rescue of some of his wounded well as being mother, I tried to imwith her children that a mother's buddies.'

press them with things I felt were greatness is found."An uneasy feel- "She told of the disappointment to

stole over she but soon Nancy, ining of success: bases becoming her that her they and husband

it of achieveforgot as the she read their to solve own all give their college couldn't childrenthedependent—able children. of herself her ments and others: leaning withoutproblems on to educations. started Robert had

forming habits of industry and deThe girl had done a good job. Nancy school on his GI allotment, but when

pendability; and to be constantly on glowed with satisfaction. their second baby came, they couldn't

the alert for opportunities for adShe turned to the other interview make his $90 stretch over all their vancement toward the goals of their with curiosity. expenses; so he had stopped to help

ambitions. I had them follow a few "The two selected by the committee his father in the grocery business.

rules and schedules in the home to from the number of worthy nominees She hoped Phil could go when he goi inculcate punctuality, neatness, sharare vastly different. My visits to both back from Korea and Howard when

ing of responsibility. These seemed were—well, inspiring. (Continued on page 346)

322 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by an impression, which seemed as if it were a voice speaking to him, warning him to move his horses and wagon. At first, he tried to resist the rawer. warning, thinking it but a passing no- i tion; but having knelt by his wagon

to pray for safety and guidance, before leaving his home in the valley, THE KEY TO SECURITY he gave sober thought, and finally gave obedience to the prompting.

by Ezra J. Pouhen Later, when the tree, having twisted

unexpectedly on the stump, crashed down across the spot where his horses

Thein thepersonSupremewho Beinghas a isfirmpowerfultrust variousley visitingwards.religionHis faithclassespromotingin the hadand wagonbeen savedhad frombeen, ahedisasterknew byhe

in his power, wise by his wisdom, stories always held us spellbound. his willingness to listen to the still

happy by his happiness,"says Joseph In one of them, which I have heard small voice.

Addison. him tell several times, he related an We all face perplexities and danWhen one sees people beset by fear experience while chopping a tree gers almost daily, and not infreand anxiety, often over matters of down in the canyon. He was sure, quently we feel inadequate within

no great moment, he is compelled to by all his knowledge as a woodsman, ourselves to cope with our problems.

wonder why so many fail to seek the that his horses tied to his wagon some Still, by placing ourselves prayerstrength found in honest faith and distance away, peacefully eating their fully in harmony with the spiritual in daily prayer. The person who hay, were safe, as he intended felling forces around us, we may enjoy prokeeps in touch with God in the true the tree directly away from them. tection from danger, guidance in our

spirit of worship finds courage to act, Yet, as his ax rang out in the crisp daily affairs, and the calm faith that make decisions, and meet life's reOctober air, he was suddenly seized right triumphs.

verses with a buoyancy unknown to the person of little faith.

As a small boy, I used to wonder about our nextdoor neighbor. I was

sure he was the happiest man I ever saw, though I could see no particular reason for this. But I knew by the

way he whistled when he worked in his garden, by the way he greeted the youngsters on the street, as well as his everpresent smile that he felt life was paying him rich dividends, though he worked hard and was not wealthy. In time, I learned his story.

He had lived a careless life in his younger days, and as a result had tasted the bitter dregs of failure and hopelessness, which is usually the lot of those who attempt to live aimlessly without God. Then, in his

need, he humbled himself and prayed for guidance. That was the beginning of a new life, which made him

a friend of man and a servant of

God. And he became the happiest

of men.

Another person who brought home to me at an early age the conviction that prayer leads one along the road to security and happiuess was Heber

Keech of St. Charles, Idaho. Brother

Keech used to ride horseback through the settlements of the Bear Lake ValThe person who keeps in touch with God in the true spirit of worship finds courage to meet life's reverses with a buoyancy unknown to the person of little faith.

MAY 1955—Religious News Service Photo323

*%*%w The ESCAPE ofMULEKOnebiblicalof thenarrativepoints attoucheswhich thethe

Book of Mormon narrative is the hy Ariel L. Crowley\ Ph.D.

seizure and murder of the sons of

Zedekiah, king of Judah. When Zedekiah and members of his household

and staff fled by the Jericho Road at the end of the Chaldean siege, ability that Mulek was a mere infant were not counted among the sons they were overtaken and carried to at the time he escaped. This probor men of Israel as such and were

Riblah for a summary trial. After ability is strongly supported by the the subjects of a special immunity,

judgment, the Chaldean army "slew quite uniform habit of distinguishingalong with women and girls.

the sons of Zedekiah before his between sons and male infants in Pursuing a rule of construction eyes "1* biblical accounts. Examples are nuwhich has come to be a standard in

In the Book of Mormon account, merous. modern law, that words once used

one of the sons of Zedekiah escaped Thus, Dathan and Abiram came in a particular sense are presumed death, and was brought into the out and stood in the doors of their to be used always in the same sense ".. disunless their wives, tents document in the same and. and his Hemisphere, where nameWestern

little children. sons, their specially, 17 the!l tinguished word sons and to peotheir a attachedMulek became

ple, a city, and a land. 2 It is So also, Ittai, the Gittite, passed in the notices of the death of the

.. and all sons of Zedekiah excludes "the littlemore than possible that his name over the brook Kidron, ".

all biblical precedent. his men, and the little ones that ones"onis name, rather a title than a proper

It is, moreover, with him."a common thing indistinguishable Hewere from thebeing

;i The applicaIn the temple arrangements set up in the Bible, for historians to usebrew MLK "a king."

tion of such a title to a sole surviving by Hezekiah, the courses of the priests allinclusive terms, without intending son of Zedekiah, who was thus heir were set, among other things,- accordin the least either to mislead or to apparent to the throne of Judah, ing "... to the genealogy of all misrepresent the facts. Instances

paralleling little closely of the sons wives, the case their ones, their and consistent. In bibliperfectlyappears

11 are easily of found. their daughters."sons, Zedekiah and alike, theircal names and Book of Mormon

the root MLK, a king, is a commonThe order of Haman, in Esther, for In the case of the household of place element. 4 the destruction of the Jews carried Ahaziah, the king, it is written that

".. kill "... his Athaliah,. arose directive to all the mother the Jews biblical of the reconciliation The 18 all little old, royal."the seed destroyed children and and both young of exterminationaccount, implying 12 herself Athaliah that thought was and women."the royal line, with Bookthe male

exactly for she ruled done, given what had and Even the commandmentof by account of an escape Mormon 19 for six that years premise. In destruction peoon of the Canaanite the a critical examinason, requiresone

girl of fact point a ple the under Moses Jehoshaba named same made used, biblical of thetion language "... Israelites ortook distinction. the son of Ahaziah, Joash were The of parallel biblical narralight thein

.. stole to ". king's and every smite the from him dered male among tives, of as well examination as an

slain; of sons which were the hid with they edge and the sword"evidence available, thereof circumstantialthe

"... his excepting nurse, in the and even him the women, and him, out of the Bible. in and 13."

.. little so Athaliah, ones, bedchamber from that the

be consideration must outset At the This commandment gave rise to he was not slain."20 of the ages to the probable given

sons of Zedekiah. This king ascendgreat wrath on the part of Moses In connection with the same

it in literally the obeyed was when of in the slaughter sons Zedewhich years at twentyone throne the ed

It invasion. of Midianite the case 5 that declared perished, kiah Jeremiah in thirtyone at perished of age and "... Israelites is warred that said the "... G all of the king slew Babylon his reign. of Acyear eleventh the

21 as Midianites, the Lord against the of nobles the yet the Judah,"new tradition, the to numcording Jewish all they slew Moses; and commanded shortly governor, Gedaliah, therewas the slain by sons of were his ber who 1 * of in point whereas, males,"the 7 after "of murdered the Ishmael by ten. of was Nebuchadnezzar order

22... "all the spared fact they women seed royal"escaped had by who married 15 Zedekiah that Assuming little ones."their Moses and When in hiding country during Ammonite

eldest his of eighteen, age early the at 2S literal of application this of learned siege. the Ishmael "the With were twelve exceeded not have child could 24 chilof sparing requiring the the law of princes king."the

the at time of age years thirteen or order, a issued dren, summary he is grimly something There amushis sons were of If ten his of death.

kill therefore every male among "Now ing of in the accounts destruction the had in he slain, the meantime 16 and little ones."the of Midianites the Amalekites. and

is as well of daughters, family a attested, 8 then there is a high probWhile instances might be multiExcepting little girls, it appears that plied, it seems thoroughly settled in the Midianite people were utterly 'Numbers refer to bibliography at end of article. the samples given that male babies exterminated under Moses. 25 But

324 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v**v%*v% WWWWWWWHiVVVWH*WW

all must be construed to mean something less than totality are many.

A few will suffice to demonstrate the point. According to the record at

one time Solomon held an eightday feast "... and all Israel with him."32

Again, "... the king and all the

children of Israel dedicated the house of the Lord."33 In the very invasion

at the time of Zedekiah, despite the record of many who escaped into

Egypt, 34 it was recorded that young and old, "all"were given into the hand of the Chaldean invader. 35 And

as a last example, at the death of Saul, "... all his house died together."30

Of this passage, the celebrated commentator, Dr. Adam Clarke, judged

that this could mean that those who were with the king were cut off, nothing more. 37 It is apparent in all

of the passages cited that the writers had no intention of denying that there were exceptions. "All"seems

to have been used to mean "the bulk"or perhaps only "representatives of all."It is at once apparent that where the word all is not used, the mere expression being "... they slew the

sons of Zedekiah..."38 the narrative is even weaker, and it is perfectly

proper to reach the true sense by inferring "they slew the sons of Zedekiah who did not escape."

Having seen, therefore, that the existence of an exception in the escape of Mulek is within the proper sense of the record, it remains to be seen whether or not the mechanics of the escape are in any way indicated.

Little children, as nature has ordained, and more particularly among "Biblical accounts tell of the seizure and murder of the sons of Zedekiah, king of people of simple life, are universally the account, Judah. In of the sons escaped Book one death of Zedekiah of Mormon the charge of their mothers and sisters.

to the his Hemisphere, and came Western attached where to a became Mulek name people, a city, and a land."At the escape of Zedekiah from Jerusalem, his wives and daughters went

with him. The historian Josephus

some time later the Midianites rose the successor of Saul found it necdetails it thus: "When the city was

up in such force that they overessary to repeat the killing, and again taken about midnight, and the enewhelmed Israel and kept them in "... left neither man nor woman my's generals were entered into the

misery for seven years. 20 Similarly, alive."29 Notwithstanding these two temple, and when Zedekiah was senit is written that Saul reported to destructions, shortly afterward a group sible of it, he took his wives and his

the prophet Samuel, saying that he of four hundred Amalekites kidnapchildren, and his captains and friends, had "... utterly destroyed the Amalped two of David's wives, 30 in comand with them fled out of the city

ekites,"27 pursuant to a directive pany with other Amalekites, and esthrough the fortified ditch, and from Samuel requiring that Saul slay caped on camels leaving many more through the desert."39 When the pur-

"... both man and woman, infant Amalekites dead behind. 31 suing soldiers caught up with the

and suckling,..,"28 Yet David, Instances in which even the word (Concluded on following page)

MAY 1955 325 don't let THE ESCAPE OF MULEK moisture (Concluded from preceding page) Thus, while but one son of Zedekiah damage fugitives near Jericho, many of those is mentioned as having escaped, it is who fled the city with Zedekiah "left written in the plural form that "they,"your home him and dispersed themselves, some the "seed of Zedekiah are with us, one way and some another, and and thev were driven out of the land every one resolved to save himself."40 of Jerusalem,"necessarily implying

"So the enemy took Zedekiah alive women, seed of Zedekiah, i.e., his

when he was deserted by all but a daughters. That the "little one"behis few, with children his wives."and came a thousand and a small one a Those were, as Dr. who said Clarke

in his commentary on the passage, strong nation is manifest from the "most probably persons who belonged fact that they were exceedingly nuto the palace and, harem of Zedekiah, merous at the time Mosiah found PROTECT NOW brought about a union of some them and of them his own concubines with 45 and children."countries.

7fiomp4cn'4 The women, with whom, as before It will be seen by reference to the demonstrated, would be found the passage cited, wherein complete de- "little is first declared ones"of groups into the struction were remanded WATER SEAL recited, custody that exception of Nebuzaradan, an the Chaland then...the transparent, deeppene- dean general, and by him turned the only distinguishing characteristic

trating compound that LOCKS over to Gedaliah as puppet goverbetween the common biblical acMOISTURE OUT, permanently. nor 41 counts and the account of the killing

When Ishmael, kinsman of the of the sons of Zedekiah is the absence

TWS PREVENTS: dead king, treacherously killed Gedaof a record of the exception within the pages of the Bible. It is supplied for

Sticking doors and windows liah, he carried away with him the the first time in the Book of Mormon, of daughters Zedekiah, toward peeling; of paint Moistureinduced as a necessary link stands thus the which

42 of the Ammonites, with "all walls land or plaster in concrete Seepage records. in the chain of

Mildew in damp areas the residue of the people."Johanan Properly read, therefore, the record

Rotting of leather and fabrics followed quickly in pursuit, wherein the words of Jeremiah and II Kings, upon the people who had gone with as supplemented in Helaman, is this:

TWS PROTECTS: Ishmael joined forces with Johanan,

Wood Mortar Stucco Concrete and it is written that "the mighty And the king of Babylon slew the sons of war, and the the of eyes: and his before Zedekiah women Plaster Linoleum Brick Stone men

All except it were Mulek. fearing to children"return to JeruTile Leather Canvas Fabrics

salem, departed to go into Egypt. 43 BIBLIOGRAPHY

Get TWS today for protection that 39:6. It is Jer. Kings 25:5-7; clear eminently made there- m sold in for itself—pays convenient

8:21; 6:10; 51:26. 2Heloman Alma

fore, that with whether the women pint, cans. Lexicon, 3Gesenius, quart Ed. Robinson, and gallon

also who were turned over to Nebuzarseethe 1844, p. 583; Book J.of M.MormonSjodahl,(1927)Introductionp. 140. to the Study of

adan, or behind in Jerusalem, or at "Gen. 36:12; I Chron. 6:40; Dan. 2:37; John 18:10;

Mizpah, the way was open for escape Alma5 o II8:3;Kings20:2;24:18;Omni25:2.30.

of Mulek. Indeed the narrative of 7Ginzberg,sjer. 41:10; teg.Josephus,1V:293; Ant.VI:382-3.X:IX:4.

the escape of the "women and chilNum.10 II Sam.16:27.15:22.

31:18. dren"among whom were the daughII12Esth.Chron.3:13.

ters of Zedekiah, furnishes a probable 13Deut. 20:1314.

"Num. 31:7, 9, 17.

record of the way it was accomplished. **lbid., 31:9.

mbid., 3i:17.

There is a strange and mysterious 1759,S TT KinsC. J. 11:1.1003.

passage of scripture which is, by these wIbid.,mbid., 11:3.11:2.

happenings, and by the very impliaJer.Ibid.,39:6.41:1.

cations of escape contained in the Josephus, Ant. X:IX:2.

41:1. little as including ones male Available Now words 31:7-18. 2*Jer.KNum.2B 6:1-6. ludges for children, the first untime made 27 'I Sam.

15:3. At Your Local derstandable: mbid.,wIbid., 27:8-9.15:20.

wlbid., 30:5.

30:17. 32I 8:65. Kings LUMBER DEALER andA littlea smallone shallone abecomestrong a nation:thousand,I Ibid., Ibid., 8:63.

the Lord will hasten it in his time.44 IIJer.Chron.3334. 36:17.

10:6. Chron. mCommentary on I Chron. 10:6. MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. The accomplishment of fulfilment II Kings 25:7.

Building Material Distributors of this prophecy through Mulek by "Idem,39 Josephus,X:IX:4.Ant. X:VIII:2.

way of the escape of the women of Jer. 41:10.

the house of Zedekiah is indicated Ibid.,"Isaiah 41:1617.60:22.

in the Book of Mormon with clarity. "-"Omni"Jer. 39:6;15, II17. Kings 25:7; Helaman 8:21.

326 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

SEE HOW IH ittftrin-bfltce, SAVES MORE OF THAT LAST, MOST PROFITABLE 10%

OF YOUR CROP...SPEEDS YOUR HARVEST WITH THE

new Mccormick No. 141

Hook at the big, new McCormick SELFPROPELLED HARVESTERTHRESHER 141. Check the big 64 hp engine..

the infinite number of travel speeds.

Measure its big threshing, separating, and cleaning capacity that easily handles a 10, 12, or 14foot cut.

Then, see how builtin balance of all these features saves more of that last, most profitable 10% of your grain!

Threepoint separation—at the concave, over the

finger grate and on the straw rack—gives unmatched separating efficiency. Immediate separation of 80 to 90 per cent of

your grain at the concave guards against carryover.

Doubleshake cleaning, an outstanding IH feature, gives your grain two cleanings—first on the chaffer,

then on the cleaning shoe.

Opposed action of the two units prevents straw bridging, keeps sieves chafffree.

Quickresponding conSee the new McCormick No. 76 sevenfooter. It gives trols at your finger tips,

you all the advantages of IH builtin balance for fast, grainmake the No. 141 the easisaving harvests in any crop you name. Available with 6 or est handling combine you

7-foot platform, cutter bar or pickup, pto or engine drive. everside"tried.adjustmentsHandy,gain"outyou

See your IH dealer. Get firsthand proof of extra rounds. Power steerthe grainsaving advantages of IH builtin baling and hydraulic brakes

ance. See how a new McCormick harvesterare available.

thresher can pay for itself in use under the IH

Income Purchase Plan of Buying. International Harvester Company11 P. O. Box 7333, Dept. 1 E-5, Chicago 80, Illinois

Tell me more about the IH builtin balance that makes a McCormick harvesterthresher my best buy.

Name Student Send me Address the catalogs Town State..:.HARVESTER

International Harvester products pay for themselves in use—McCormick Farm checked I farm acres. Principal crops are

Equipment Farmall Tractors and

IH dealer is Units... Refrigerators Power and.Freezers—General.. Motor Trucks. Office,.. CrawlerChicagoTractors1, Illinois.and My

MAY 1955 327 1 Happy Mother s Day Sweetheart: b EikGihhons

To a little girl with freckles and pigtails a mother is a and far more lovable as a human being than she was as queen and a goddess. She moves about, automatically something direct from the seventh heaven—because we

being where she needs to be for the little girl's every wish, expect miracles from the supernatural, but when humans and she sort of unwinds like a clock, every tick representperform them, that's something. And mothers do—every

ing something wonderful. She knows all the stories in day! Think, Mother, of the millions of questions, tears,

the world, more, in fact, than all the schoolteachers comjoys, and problems Mother is there to solve and underbined, the answers to a myriad of - unanswerable quesstand.

tions, and is beautiful besides. Think of the many times in your life, Mother, the

Nothing unhappy ever happens to her because she is many times every day when your whole purpose has been you or the needy whom or friends, family, the helping these love or tears,a mother. Laughter or hate—all

life, all your life. is your purpose This know. don't even little girl worthe the motherseem apart from whom

ships. For every washing, ironing, scrubbing, every sleepless

polio, fever, and rheumatic sieges of mumps, during night piggirl from also goes the into her teens, goes she As it or is gravy bread and prepared, whether meal every course. of automatically, effortlessly curls,tails to and of in behalf offered have prayer for you every steak, her realizes girl that everything. The can doMother life, of you whole your unselfish deed for every others, more sew, work cook, and canmother a shall have in star crown. hard—qualities your you a And shall have years a in few mother her she those than knewhuman crown.

lets girl do mother her the pathos withoutago—and like all of us, have can You, "person."a are Yes, you are still wonall, Mothers mother. is a shethem. After But, Mother, nights. days bad aches, and bad stomach

derful, and they can do everything. my dear, may you have very few more in the next fifty

But when a girl, through one experience, then anyears. I wish that God would give you today, sort of

other, begins to mature, she gradually realizes that her in advance, the rest from all trouble, care and sorrow mother is a "person"; that she isn't an automatic, unwhich he promises to people like you in the scriptures.

winding, transfigured angel, or a bodiless, gartless, pas- (Alma 40:1112.) You are on the right track. You are

sionless goddess—she can even make a mistake. A a good mother—helpful and loving. You and Daddy have

mother! had a material struggle providing for us, and it is a spiritDear Mother—ever since I discovered that you were ual struggle to keep our thoughts always in harmony

a "person,"that you actually thought, lived, laughed, and with His. But it is worth while, and we can receive unloved like others, that you were me in a few years and bounded aid from Him.

your mother a few years ago, I have had to form a new You know, Mother, even as you know you are reading concept of a mother. I have lived with the growing this, that He is there, he is mindful of you, loves you and

realization which has formed this new concept for years will help you in all you do. You have known that for as

now. long as you can remember. Experience has taught me

Like a child who is delighted with the Church because that to seek God's help in doing my best and then worryof Primary parties and fun in Sunday School, I as a child ing about things is just a lack of faith.

and teenager was delighted with you. And just as a few Dear Mother, will this do for a Mother's Day gift? I

experiences in life teach us what the Church is really would like to have sent you so many wonderful things about, a knowledge that thrills us deeply, I have begun tied in pink ribbon—but all I had was blue ribbon.

to realize what a mother really is, and I am in awe. Abundant love on another Mother's Day. May the

Mother now is far more wonderful, far more a goddess days between now and the next one be joyous.

Love,

To a little girl, a mother is a queen and a goddess.

—H. Armstrong Roberts photo

tfmrf6 Mf

328 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA roll through your harvestTIME ON

When heads become heavy with the weight of grain or seed—time is most

important. You can make every harvest hour count for more with an

ALLCROP Harvester.

The selfpropelled model 100 carries its weight low for slopingland stability... is wellbalanced for

easy handling... has loads of power

in the lowmounted WD45 POWERCRATER tractor engine.

Both selfpropelled and tractorpulled ALLCROP Harvesters have wideflow feed... get more of the

crop into the machine—more grain

or seed out of the crop. Both have

the wellknown ability to harvest more crops... more acres... for

more profit.

This year be ready at harvest time with your own ALLCROP Harvester. See how quickly it pays

for itself with the rewards of a

SELFPROPELLED MODEL 100 timely harvest.

with "POWERCRATER"WD45 TRACTOR ENGINE $4,095 with 9-ft. header, f.o.b. factory

$4,245 with 12ft. header, f.o.b. factory

Bin or Bagger Equipment Optional

NEW "BIGBIN"MODEL 66 UNLOADS ONTHE-GO $1,250 complete with PTO attachment, f.o.b. factory

Big, new 25bushel grain bin on the Model 66 unloads onthe-go... instantly controlled from the

tractor seat. Empties faster, with

new bigcapacity auger and long, truckhigh delivery spout.

POWERCRATER and ALLCROP ore AllisChalmers trademarks.

ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS Ml LWAU K E E 1, U. S. A. )M ALLCROP Harvestersf\

MAY 1955 329 James Wotherspoon—Eagle Scout

by Victor Lmdblad SCOUT EXECUTIVE MT. DIABLO COUNCIL BSA

overcome to and capacity their life. to of the first crown gained thus said, "The once DrummondHenry impossible obstacle and blind seeming every a boy procethical Wotherspoon, goal of the Jimmie ultimate

ess is the perfecting of human from birth, recently was awarded task.

character. Consummation of happiscouting's highest recognition, that of Jimmie explained how they could

ness is a natural outcome of the perEagle rank. learn to identify birds in the field by

fecting of character, but the perfectAt the California School for the their song, to learn flowers by touch, ing can be achieved only through Blind in the presence of friends and and many physical phenomena by struggle, through discipline, through prominent citizens and leaders of the sound.

resistance. It is for him that overBay Area, Jimmie's grandmother, He further challenged his brother

cometh that the crown of life is reMrs. Mary Baylor, pinned the Eagle Scouts:

served."badge upon Jimmie following the A. To keep themselves physically

In perfecting our character as part colorful and impressive investiture. strong, mentally awake, and morally

of life's eternal plan, it calls for the Officials present paid tribute to the straight best within us, even though we are indomitable courage, perseverance, B. To live by the code of the Scout

in full possession of every physical dependability, and sterling character oath and law sense and faculty. Ofttimes, however, of this young man. C. To think through their probwe are prone to bemoan our lot and In response to the commendation lems clearly and without prejudice

attribute our failures to circumstance and congratulations given him, Jim- D. To respond to life's highest

or to parents or folk who somehow mie fervently thanked all those who ideals and culture do not seem to understand and aphad helped and encouraged him, par- E. To attain spiritual strength

preciate us. ticularly his scoutmaster, Mr. Budgen, F. To have faith in God and enOccasionally we are shocked from the assistant scoutmaster, Mr. Hardecourage others to worship

our complacency by the amazing acman, his bishop, W. B. Barton, and G. To develop their talents and

complishment of some individual who the superintendent of the California make their own way in the world has overcome a great physical handiSchool for the Blind, Dr. Barthhold H. To make full and constructive

cap and achieved a marked measure Lowenfeld. He challenged the other use of their time and opportunities

of success in a given field and has blind Scouts of the troop to live up I. To help preserve the American

way of life and the blessings they enjoy through the Bill of Rights

J. To have courage when things

desired fail to materialize, to have poise and be calm when problems beset them, to have hope when disappointment dampens them, and when effort seems in vain to have the readiness and wisdom to begin all over again.

At the close of Jimmie's response, there was not a dry eye in the audience. It is conceivable that every individual present made a silent resolve

never to complain again and to make life's adversities steppingstones to high charatcer and worthy accomplishments.

Jimmie entered Troop 2 at the California School for the Blind, sponsored by the Lions Club of Berkeley,

California, in 1945. Under the sympathetic leadership of Scoutmaster

George Budgen, a holder of the Silver Beaver, and Assistant Scoutmaster

Reed Hardeman, Jimmie made rapid progress.

James Wotherspoon receiving his Eagle badge from his grandmother, Mrs. Mary

Baylor. Scout Executive Victor Lindblad is looking on. (Concluded on page 332)

330 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prog ress Report

Your Gas Company, continuing its accelerated program during 1954, brought natural gas to more than 11,000 additional customers. This increased

the total customers we serve as of January 1, 1955 to more than 115,000, of which about 114,000 are residential and small commercial users.

It is significant to observe that the average price of natural gas paid by our residential customers 25 years ago was 82 cents per thousand cubic feet as compared with 52 cents in 1954.

In its twentysixth year, Mountain Fuel Supply Company is steadily increasing its scope of operation in the Intermountain

West.

Acceleration is occurring all along the line—in exploration,

in number of wells drilled, in new construction, in increased taxes and payrolls, all of which contributes toward community anl state advancement.

The Company's proved gas reserves are more than five times as great as the gas reserves in 1929 although since that time, the number of customers has increased more than six times.

All residence requirements in the area have been met and in addition, the Company has supplied substantial amounts of gas to industrial users and others.

Ours is a longrange program, the everincreasing objective of which is to continue to meet the needs of this fastgrowing

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Mfc, Serving 68 Utah and Wyoming Communities

MAY 1955.

JAMES WOTHERSPOON—EAGLE SCOUT

(Concluded from page 330) He has developed his musical taltured young man has brought honor

At the time Jimmie finished his ents and plays the piano well, and and recognition to himself, his famsecond class requirements, he develsings in two ward choirs. ily, his leaders, his Scout troop, his

oped a heart ailment which restricted This dignified, unassuming, culChurch, and his community.

his activities. He was not allowed

to engage in any work calling for physical exertion.

his indomitable Through will and uje S>kali J\now tke Jrvitk.. ailMndcourage, his heart he overcame

ment and continued his schoolwork Richard L. Evans

and scouting advancement. He somehow found time to serve as patrol Not too infrequently it would be well to turn our attentionleader, senior patrol leader, junior to Pilate's timeless question, "What is Truth?"—for on

assistant scoutmaster, and finally the answer hangs all we are or ever hope to be. On the

assistant scoutmaster. answer hangs our health and happiness, our peace and purJimmie dreamed a great dream pose, and the very issues of life and death, the very meaning

to attain the rank of Eagle, to be an of time and eternity. (We can never be assured of health or

exemplary leader among his fellows happiness or peace or settled purpose, unless we face the and in the community, to study law, facts, the truth, about ourselves, our very nature, and about and to live his religion, and to magthe things we should or shouldn't partake of and the things nify his priesthood calling. we should or shouldn't do.) "What is truth?"It has been

This young man has the rare variously defined. Shakespeare said of it: "Truth is truth

is very like another definiability of deep concentration and to the end of reckoning"1—which

of things as absolute opposite tion that truth the denotes all imto catch rememberseems and ".. of things transitory: is knowledge changing and. Truth or as thingsportant he reads them 2 come."are, as as were, are to they they as they and and

to him. told areas they

Of this we may be sure: Truth doesn't depend upon the

The part of the oath "To help theories and opinions of people. If men are in error, and

other people at all times"is a living if we follow them in their errors, that won't change truth.

part of Jimmie's life. He patiently Socrates suggested this when he said: "If you will be perexplains over and over again the suaded by me, pay little attention to Socrates, but much

things he has learned to those who more to the truth."3 Some fear the truth. Some have reaare handicapped as he is through son to. Some suppose it to be dangerous, frightening, unthe loss of sight. comfortable—and often it is. Truth is so dangerous it someHe is a member of the Balboa times makes martyrs of men. And surely it is dangerous

Ward, and Bishop W. B. Barton reand fatal to falsehood. It is dangerous and disturbing to

ports that Jimmie has advanced complacency, to lazy thinking. It is disturbing to minds

through the various callings of the that are too comfortably closed. And because it is dangerous

priesthood, having served as presiand disturbing there are always some who would suppress dent of the teachers'quorum and init and some who would dispense it sparingly. But disturbstructor in the priests'and elders'ing or not, we are faced with this fact: Truth is never so

quorums. He is at present a Sunday dangerous as falsehood, never so dangerous as error, never

School teacher and a teacher of the so dangerous as deceit, and not nearly so dangerous as igelders'quorum. norance is. Perhaps the most satisfying utterance of all

As a stake missionary, he has been time as to truth is this sentence from our Lord and Savior:

instrumental in bringing the gospel "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you to many people. Two recent confree."4 With this kind of counsel we cannot safely do other

verts, an army colonel and an inthan seek the truth wherever it is, wherever it leads. Theories

structor in swimming and life saving, come and go. Popular opinions prevail for awhile. Fashions

pay high tribute to Jimmie's mishave their cycles, and conflicting ideas have their seasons of

is spirit "abideth of truth efforts. "the 5 and of God"sionary

5 acceptance—but5 seek, to see, end."help us to no "and hath God Even though he is an A student at forever"

the University of California, studyto say, to accept, to live by the truth, and find it wherever ing law, and an assistant scoutmaster it is, and follow it where it takes us—for it is not nearly so

in Troop 2 of Berkeley, he never dangerous as ignorance is.

misses his stake quorum meeting or his ward leadership meetings. jke SpoLn lA/orJ om temple square

Both Bishop Barton and ScoutPRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING master Budgen attest to the tremenSYSTEM, FEBRUARY 27, 1955 Copyright, 1955 dous positive influence exerted by Jim2D.Shakespeare,& C. 93:24.Measure for Measure, Act V.

in Plato, Phacdo.mie in the lives of the hundreds of 3Socrates;

4John 8:32.young people with whom he asso5D. & C. 93:26; 1:39; 88:66.

ciates. 332 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IT'S PERFORMANCE THAI COUNTS In his car CAPTAIN ROGER DON RAE uses FUTEFUEL containing the Super Aviation fuel component Diisopropyl!

"I fly one of the new Super-G Constella- I use it regularly in my own car, and I tions for Trans World Airlines. Of course, always get wonderful performance."

I am familiar with Phillips 66 Aviation—}

Gasoline because TWAusesJt regularly. It's the Avgas with added Diisopropyl nOUnP /P

"Now Phillips is putting Diisopropyl Captain Roger Don Rae too. gasoline, in its automobile New Trans World Airlines autois the only Phillips 66 FLITEFUEL

mobile gasoline with added Diisopropyl.

HIGHER OCTANE! New FLITEFUEL is the only gasoline to

which is added the super aviation fuel component Diisopropyl. And

today's FLITEFUEL is better than ever. Both new FLITEFUEL and

new Phillips 66 Gasoline have been fortified for increased power, higher octane, longer mileage. Fill up at your Phillips 66 Dealer's.

In Driveway Service, too ffi Tkt/bmwce Thtf Counts!

SEE YOUR PHILLIPS 66 DEALER!

MAY 1955 333 "Keep Fit. Be a Man"

(Continued from page 305) drinking was uncontrolled. His casual associations with women became

intimate and wicked. His habit of

satisfying whatever he lusted after ran wild. His conduct became more

and more violent, and his standards sank lower and lower. Recently he

had what is probably the most terrible experience a man could have in mortality: that of listening to a judge

impose sentence upon him for having committed a murder. Thus, a man

with everything in his favor became completely destroyed, in body and in soul, because of his inability to bridle his habits.

The most magnificent specimen of true manhood and virility that I have ever known is represented in the person of our own beloved President

David O. McKay. The fruits of

righteous living, of selfconquest, and of obedience to the eternal laws of health and wellbeing are represented in him. I thank my Heavenly Father

for the noble example which he has "If you're new to the West, set.

here's something different you'll surely want to try,"Occasionally I have visited the says Betty Crocker. "It's famous Hoover Dam, which controls ttWhat a Wheat Hearts—a hot cereal the turbulent Colorado River. This

-cereal taste. wheat creamy in some remarkable respects, the most wonderful It'swith the most delightful is the highest dam in the world, and nourishing, extra too. feat of engineering ever devised by

way to start And6 TIMESso easyRICHER.to fix."Contains man'ssome 735ingenuity.feet into theItsair,crestand itstowersbase

added wheat nutrients... is over 650 feet thick. The most im-

6 times to its is enough make it pressive thing the about dam the day! B-l than vitamin richer in reshield strength. of giant This

whole wheat itself. Wheat inforced concrete holds back over

Hearts provides energy and 32,000,000 acrefeet of water, which vigor. every day. It's Serve produces, at the base of the dam, a

Sperry good!

pressure of 45,000 pounds each square foot. Think of holding back 45,000

pounds of pressure on every square BstdfCWke foot of surface. And yet the dam was

built to withstand pressures at least twice that great, and more! This

extra strength is known as the safety factor.

Switch to to Everyhis lifeyounga safetvmanfactor—heshould buildshouldinbe stronger than the worst thing that

can happen to him, and then some. WHEAT Mr. A. Z. Conrad once said: "There

is a holloweyed, doughfaced vacancy HEARTS wherever men and women defy laws the hot cereal recommended by of health and vigor and give way to sensuality. The law of the harvest is

Bsttcj"Cnocken inexorable. Nature's bill must be

OF GENERAL MILLS paid on demand. * * * The amount

(Concluded on page 336) 334 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this much STILBESTROL has to go a long waymusf be mixed just right!

and Purina s Exclusive MICROMIXING Process does this job!

Mixing Vi ounce of stilbestrol into one ton of Next time you're in town drop by your Purina cattle feed presents a big problem to most feed Dealer's and ask him to tell you more about is companies. But this kind of mixing just routine Purina Steer stilFatena and Beef with Chow for Purina's MicroMixing only... and Purina bestrol. He's the in town can supply only man who are MicroMixed. Chows

you with MicroMixed Purina Chows.

Just Vi ounce of stilbestrol in one ton of feed means it is added in the proportion of only 1 YOUR PURINA DEALER HAS THE ANSWERS TO YOUR part to 90,800 parts. Purina's MicroMixing procQUESTIONS ABOUT STILBESTROL FEEDING.

ess is accurate to the I j'10,000,000 part! So you can

rest assured when you feed Purina Steer Fatena or Beef Chow with stilbestrol that every bite is mixed just right.

Bank on Purina And accurate mixing of stilbestrol is extremely important. You want each steer to get just the to Make Your

right amount every day he's on feed... so he'll

produce maximum gains... so you can go to Feed Dollars

market with an even bunch of cattle. Too much

stilbestrol in the steer's daily ration can prove Count toxic. So rely on Purina's MicroMixing process

to mix and blend every bite just right.

RALSTON PURINA COMPANY Pocatello Denver Spokane Oakland

MAY 1955 335 "KEEP FIT. BE A MAN"

{Concluded from page 334) buttressed with goodness. Brace to

of personal energy is limited and has the splendid day's work. Keep fit.

to be accounted for. Waste it, and Be a man."

you cannot have it when the demand May God help us—each of us-—to

is greatest. Burn out brain and be men; to play the game of life with

brawn for a time, and you are as sure all of our strength, and to preserve to becorne a useless, slimy slacker as those ideals which constitute the very

B.Y.U. the sun is to rise and set. * * * There meaning of life itself, I pray in the

is absolutely no greatness that is not name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

AIR CRUISE 5<A>>\N9>333\9J\J5JVXCN TO

A ie momma breaks—m, utinmNN

the shadows Hee...

Tour leaves August 1—returning Richard L. Evans

September 2, 1955. Places visitChile, ed—Cuba, Peru, Panama, sentence recently read from an unknown author offers

Argentina, Brazil, Uruguay, and Puerto Rico. Tour cost $1550. A these words of wise and comforting counsel: "Do not

This includes transporation, hodistress yourself born fears are imaginings: with dark Many

tels, etc. meals, sightseeing,

. at of us of fatigue most and loneliness...Ml No doubt Write or call or 5-5924 5-6552

for trip folder. times have turned our troubles over in the hours of the

night, when sleep has fled from us. And in the dark hours

of night troubles tend to be multiplied and magnified. If UNIVERSAL our loved ones are out and overdue, it isn't difficult to

night. of the dire the hours dark and things—in Jravel Service imagine finally, the as load whole, return, well and they And then,

Temple Square Hotel - Salt Lake City is lifted, and likely we wonder that we so much feared and fretted. The shades of discouragement and despondency are

darker and deeper in the hours of night, and small things loom large, and large things sometimes seem utterly insurmountable. In the restless hours of night it isn't diffiIT'S EASY TO COOK cultIndeed,to imagineon a darkall andmannersleeplessof maladiesnight, withand allmalignancies.its tossings

WITH AN and turnings, we could churn up many troubles inside ourELECTRIC RANGE selves. Job poignantly complained that "wearisome nights

are appointed to me. [When I lie down, I say, When shall

I arise, and the night be gone? and I am full of tossings to

and fro unto the dawning of the day."2 But despite all real

ELECTRIC ordarkness,imaginedthe difficultydawn doesandcome,discouragementand the loadthatdoescomelightenwith with the coming of daylight. Even when our worries are

real, and even when they don't altogether disappear, the COOKING costs the light of day tends to lift and lighten them. Thank God for

average family light, for the dawning of each new day, for the reassuring much of what darkens and disonly about brightness of the sun—for

9C a day turbsmountable,us doesn'tin the seemdaylightso darklyas it didserious,at night.so utterlyAnd becauseinsurthe darkness distorts, because it clouds and conceals, in

darkness we should make no needless decisions and reach no needless conclusions, but wait to look at our problem in the for hour, the natural the words waking when, in light—wait

flee."breaks; of "the morning the hymn, the shadows

Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Be Modern SYSTEM, MARCH 6, 1955 Copyright, 1955

Live Electrically Author2Job 7:3-4.Unknown.

UTAH POWER & UGFft CO. sFrom a hymn by Parley P. Pratt.

336 "THE IMPROVElviENTERA Families agree on KSLTV

The viewer is the number one consideration when planning the

Channel 5 program schedule. KSLTV is proud that, in the past season

its programming has met such public approval in the Mountain West.

Programming in the family interest will continue as KSLTV's standard.

It's important to have families agree on what they seewhen it's on KSLTV.

im wvj/ wCaji; -UjU k.

MAY 1955 337 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued from page 319) known as Lacadons—who were really his name to be Nabor and that of

those two families of probably eight white. When I received the forehis son to be Juan. They readily

women, it was apparent that the ingoing information, I had no idea that consented to guide us to the temple fant mortality is terrifically high. The I would have the privilege of assoof the "painted walls"on condition

Lacadon Indians are a vanishing peociating for three days with the latter that we wait while they ate.

ple. The late Dr. Morley stated that people, but suddenly and unexpectedWhen the meal was served, all of

there are approximately two hundred ly we found ourselves being enterthe family members took several of them, 4 but our careful inquiries led tained by them. turns drinking gruel, or thin cornus to conclude that there are probably The Lacadon Indians are very meal mush, out of a large bowl.

not more than one hundred. small in stature: the men are apThe food having been consumed,

Upon being invited into the Inproximately four and onehalf feet to Otto, Jose, and I, accompanied by dians'small thatched houses, we obfive feet tall and the women approxiNabor and Juan, our guides, headed served that they had no bedding nor mately six inches shorter. The maalong the jungle trail toward Bonamfurniture; however, they did possess jority of them have black hair. Both pak. After hiking for approximately

a few dishes and a grinder used for the men and the women part their two hours'time, we suddenly came grinding corn. It appeared that the hair in the middle, permitting it to to another garden spot with two picentire family would probably cuddle grow long and fall loosely down their turesque, thatched huts standing on

together at nighttime on a little straw backs. They merely push it back the bank of a beautiful river. These

mat which lay in the corner of the from each side of their faces. Their were the homes of Jose Petit and

room. Their extreme poverty touched hair has the appearance of seldom family.

if rarely been combed and hearts,our all having and so we gave them this requested family to permit We ever having washed, been and so Jose the small articles that were in our to take their us pictures; thereupon

pockets and regretted that we hadn't Davila gave the women a bar of soap Jose Petit (the other white Indian more to give; for example, I gave a and taught them how to wash their with red hair previously mentioned),

wooden clothespin to the woman the heads. responded. One woman of this housegroup called "Grandma."She seemed The clothing worn by both sexes hold refused to pose for the picture,

delighted and two days later was still is made of canvas, which appears to saying, "No, I haven't a pretty dress."

holding it in her hand. We also gave be the same type we use in making I wondered what made her have such

them such items as pocket combs, tents. Possibly these Indians infancy ideas, since her dress was made

pocketknives, pill bottles, soap, salt, herited tents left in the jungles by of canvas and appeared exactly like flashlight batteries, a pistol, and sevchicle workers from which they made the dresses worn by the other Lacaeral boxes of bullets. These primitive their clothing; but since the late Dr. don Indians. The following day

folk were as happy as children on Morley maintained that the Lacadon upon inquiry we learned from Nabor

Christmas morning. Indians did a certain amount of weavthat this Indian woman had been the

While waiting for the men to reing of coarse cloth from a wild cotton wife of the late Carlos Frey, the turn from hunting, Otto Done, using which grows in the jungles, they could American discoverer of Bonampak.

actually woven this canvas -like of have tooka camera, photographs minute Approximately two years before our cloth. 5 Indians.the beheld They their own visit Carlos to Bonampak, Frey was

likeness with astonishment, each one Men, women, and children all guiding a group of Mexican artists exclaiming, "Who is this?"when wear similar clothing, their dresses to the temple of the "painted walls,"

shown his own likeness. This seemed fitting loosely and hanging from their beginning a second trip there. While

to be a new experience for them. shoulders nearly to their ankles. Since they were crossing the river about a

Probably the one thing which imthe men are practically beardless, mile below Jose Petit's home, the boat pressed me most about the Lacadon it is difficult to distinguish them from capsized, drowning Mr. Frey and one

Indians was the whiteness of their the women; however, the men are of the Mexicans. They were buried

skin. One of the women actually slightly taller and larger. approximately a mile downstream

had red hair, and her skin was as Naturally, my experiences with from Jose Petit's home.

white as ours. Jose Petit, a man, also these Indians caused me to recall the Juan paddled us across the river in

skin. white hair The red andhad of Book of Mormon account the a boat which been had made by holall saw others of thecolor we whom Nephites being "a white delightand log. lowing out a then continued We

5 slightly darker to a white fromranged people."* some Although the Lacaour journey the along trail jungle for

cast. don Indians are quite white in color, another hour. Suddenly our Indian

While visiting in Guatemala apit is evident that they have degenerguides stopped and said, "We are proximately three weeks before our ated greatly from the cultural standgoing home. We are nearly to Obretrip to Bonampak, I was informed ards of their predecessors of Book gon's home. He will guide you to

by an official guide that, generally of Mormon days. Bonampak. We do not want to see

speaking, the Quiche Maya Indians We waited more than an hour for him."

white nearlyof and were Guatemala the to return men from hunting. desire no to see more We had

Inof tribe anotherthat there was their arrival, Upon the oldest than one Obregon did guides, our Indian people, primitive, wilddians—-a livfather to the other men, announced and so we hired have replied, "We Mexico, southern jungles ofing in the you, not Obregon, to to take us

405406. *Jbid.t pp.

*Morley, op. cifc, p. 180. c2 Ne. 30:6. (Continued on page 340)

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a 11 Pintsize

refineries

help us keep gasoline prices low

Folks who like a bargain don't have to look any farther than the gas tanks of their cars. For

despite a steady increase in quality, gasoline prices have remained low—and Standard Oil Company

of California's tabletop refineries are one good reason why.

They are pintsize laboratory pilot plants that have enabled our scientists to develop costcutting manufacturing methods for each new gasoline before we produce it. With the aid of these

rubber and glass forerunners of multimillion gallon refineries, we've worked with car manufacturers to perfect balanced gasolines designed to bring out more efficiency, economy from today's higher compression engines.

We've learned how to squeeze more gasoline from each barrel of crude; and—most important

—we've found ways to manufacture increasingly better gas at

consistently low prices. Today's

gasoline, for example, is 50% better than motor fuels of 1925, yet costs just a few pennies more.

The combination of research and competition has held gasoline prices down so effectively that they've advanced only 17% (excluding taxes) since 1925 while general living costs have gone up 52 %. So, even though Standard's

pintsize refineries make gasoline by the drop, they have a powerful influence on your motoring..

are one reason why Standard products give you a longer run for your money.

Standard plans ahead to serve you better STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1955 339 ARCHAEOLOGY AND THE BOOK OF MORMON

(Continued from page 338) sured them that we would not; in

Bonampak, and you must do it, otherfact, we were as definitely opposed wise you will receive no gifts."to having him accompany us as they

We gave them a box of bullets and were.

exerted much persuasion. Finally Soon thereafter the trail came into

they consented to continue with us on a small opening in the jungle and condition that we would not permit there in front of us stood two thatched

Obregon to join our party. We ashuts. Obregon—a naked fellow ex-

'4 yv>isi>iSiSiN>2K2;

fi Arti present or recounted Tior...

T't is a wonderful, comforting, reassuring feeling when parit in—safeents, mentally,and secure.canWhencall thefamiliesroll, andare findyoungall intheyears,family

is comparatively easy to feel assured that they are somewhat safe, or at least to be assured that they are all in. But

when they grow older, and their interests and activities widen, and they become more independent, the waiting hours of night are often long, as they come home, one by one.

Sometimes children, young and old, wonder why parents worry so much and are so concerned about their unaccounted

TRI UMPH IN TONE 1 rienceabsences.and Butresponsibility—andboth caution andnotconcernwithoutcomereason.with Thereexpethe NEW CLASSIC i are so many hazards, so many things that could have hapnot, escape an acute Ideal for Church, pened, and parents cannot, or should

sense of concern for all who are not present or accounted

Chapel or School I for. Children should and must expect to keep parents inEveryone who has heard it says: formed of their absences and activities. It isn't good for

"This organ sounds just like a pipe anyone of any age to be unaccounted for. Otherwise an

invite to compare organ!"you We other unexplained absence or illness could go unknown and deorgan with any Conn this new

instrument on the market! You'll tected for far too long a time. Apart from love, apart from

find responsibility, it is simply a matter of good sense... itsits priceperformanceamazinglyincomparablelow. parental

Get FREE and safety for someone who has an interest in us to know

Demonstration in always and at all hours, where we are, with whom we are,

Store Our NOW wherearrive. weLesscanaccountabilitybe reached, thanand whenthis, lesswe responsibility,are expected tois 9-7633 PHONE

much too loose. And in these matters, youth should not

It's just that prying. are parents think that not must and aiines Irlusic

is obligation inescapable for theirs to know, an they need M

if not should set aside they would and they cannot which l IT TT i I 1 l T 4547 SOUTH MAINirfrmrrr

Zafrfate is City responsibility suggested of sure sense could. This if they

BLYD..OGDEN W'2260 WASHINGTON145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO

in the Savior's parable of the shepherd and the sheep: "What

man of you, having an hundred sheep, if he lose one of them, doth not leave the ninety and nine... and go after

that which is lost, until he find it? \And when he hath A Beauty Career found it, he layeth it on his shoulders, rejoicing, ftAnd

MEANS AN when he cometh home, he calleth together his friends and independent income neighbours, saying unto them, Rejoice with me; for I have

FOR MEN OR WOMEN found my sheep which was lost."1 It is a blessed thing, in

G. I. Approved Course the hours of the night, and at all other hours also, to have

MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW the sweet assurance that all are "present or accounted for,"

FOR JUNE CLASSES and we owe it, all of us, to all of us, to see that it is so.

—Scholarships Available—

board Can arrange and room Jpouen vwuru FROM TEMPLE SQUARE in missionary home

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

CAREL'S BEAUTY SCHOOL SYSTEM, MARCH 13, 1955 Copyright, 1955 1061 E. 21st South Salt Lake City, Utah ] Luke 15:4-6. y)

Phone 846173 340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cept for his breechcloth—was lounging on the ground in the shade of a

bowery. His dogs barked vigorously v"wOS*at our approach. Upon seeing us, **ers Smr*Obregon immediately jumped to his

feet and ran to meet us, throwing his arms around me and giving me a firm caress. A chill went up and down

my spine as I recalled that this man was a murderer. I was much relieved

when he withdrew his arms and I found that he had no knife in his hand. My desire was to get out of GARDEN CART

the company of this aggressive InSee and wheel this dian as soon as possible. He asked, clever garden cart at

"Where are you going?"your favorite store

want to own We replied, "To Bonampak."—you'll

He answered, "I will go with you."one! You'll like the

With firm determination, we retrim styling and plied, "No, you won't; you can't go."rugged design. It

Then he inquired, "Why not?"costs very little!

To that we replied, "Because we have engaged those Indians to go with us."Still he insisted on coming along HOME & GARDEN also; but we

not want did flatlyhim—definitelytold him that wehe Beauty Barfou/ If youWheelbarrowprefer a wheelcould not go with us to Bonampak. barrow, then this is

It took all of the persuasion we could the one for you! Light

muster to convince him. Finally he weight, yet it holds

relented by inviting us to come to his big loads. Seamless

home on our return journey and, deepdrawn tray; tu-

"write our names and addresses in bular steel frame.

his big book."It was obvious that Punctureproof, jumhis principle purpose was to provide bo tire. Converts into

another opportunity to try to get some a portable barbecue gifts from us, which in the preceding cart in a jiffy!

conversation we had refused to give him. 2-WHEELER get away could as we As quickly Choice, Beauty Barfou/ our Ladies'continued Obregon, we from journey toward Bonampak. When we Most feminine gardeners

were approximately a hiking hour's go for this twowheel distance from our desired goal, darkmodel! It handles easily

ness came. We attached our hamon sloping or rough when even ground; brought trees. had to some mocks We

it be full may heaped exso, and wet bedding, and no withpulled or pushed our into hamcrawled hausted, we spilling. of danger out night's a good to get hoping mocks too! barbecue, it to Use of heat tropical intense sleep. The

the day was soon replaced by the chill of the night. A wind arose suddenly and blew through the dense Presto.'It becomes

foliage, making the weather very Beauty Barrow a barbecue!

chilly. In fact, to our surprise shortly

after we had climbed into our hamGet double use from your mocks, we were lying there shivering. wheelbarrow! Inexpensive

either converts attachment fire small built a and Juan Nabor into a model enthe it throughout by cuddled and heat ble barbecue cart—theperfect porta- I strong times had Several night. tire

urges to join them, but resisted, and won't harm the barrow.

lay in the hammock all night uncomfortably time wideawake. cold and most of the NORTHWtST"W "55 SPOKANE METALSTREET SEATTLE PRODUCTS,4. WASHINGTON INC,

(Continued on following page) MAY 1955 341 Archaeology and the

Book of Mormon

(Continued from preceding page)

Now and then during the long and dreary night the thought crowded itself into my mind: "What foolish

of those Indians are—both

lying in teena paige havemen weguns, these and we are graduation dresses hammocksThey could completelyeasily shoot defenseless.us at any

as advertised in "Seventeen"moment, take our goods, and nobody would know where we had p-one."

Misty nylon... for your graduation—the big Then I would push those disagreeable

day—and the dates which go with it. Velvet thoughts aside by reassuring myself

dusted nylon dresses designed especially for that the Lord would protect us, which

ZCMI by Teena Paige and featured in April's 95 I acknowledge he did.

factor to Another us in uncommon Seventeen magazine. Pastels, white in 7-15. 10 sleeping jungles in the variety was the

ZCMI JUNIORS'SHOP—Second Floor of weird sounds that continuously

filled the air. Now and then a limb

would fall from a tree and crash on the ground. Wild monkeys chattered,

scolded at each other, and screamed;

and a numerous variety of birds made diverse sounds according to their natures. Also, the thoughts of jaguars,

snakes, spiders, and other inhabitants of the jungles were irritating factors in disturbing; our night's rest. That

was one of the longest and most disagreeable nights that I have ever spent. We were happy when morning

came and we could continue our journey to Bonampak.

We finally arrived at the temple of "painted walls,"which will be described in the next article. Our

thrill surpassed description. We took

photographs of the paintings of the dark and light colored people, and then hiked back to the Indian's homes, arriving at 3:30 in the afternoon.

It had been reported to us that the distance from the airplane landing strip to Bonampak and back was only thirty miles. After making the trip,

and judging from our experiences and the way we felt, we concluded that

Mail orders to: ZCMI one cipher had been omitted—makMANNERS, MARGOT

Salt Lake City 10, Utah ing the distance "300"miles. If

Please send the following Teena Paige dresses: anyone doubts this statement, he is

Quan. Style Color Size Price at liberty to make a similar trip and

thereby verify or disprove our conclusions.

Cash D Charge D C.O.D. Upon arriving at the Indians'

Name homes, naturally our first concern

Address....

City. Zone State. was food, since our rations had been

limited to two small sausages each

Include 23if postage for first dress, 10 for each additional. Utah residents add 2% State Tax. during that and part of the previous

day. We immediately asked the Indian women to prepare us some food.

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In response, one of them brought us three eggs. Jose Davila asked,

"Cooked or raw?"

She replied, "Raw."

He then suggested, "Go back and cook them."Vw N E

She immediately did so, and shortly thereafter returned not only with the three eggs but also with some Sizetortillas. I gladly took the boiled Farm

egg, but upon looking at those Indian women, I remarked, "No, I don't care for any tortillas."But my

stomach didn't believe the words my mouth had spoken, and so I reversedmy decision, saying, "I will take one."BALER

I ate it and concluded that it was the for to bale you protein palatability peak want and can bale when I You that delicious of food morselmost "130"Baler this lowcost Automatic Case with below. shown new

"I I said, tasted. Thenhad ever the to weather, avoids beat waiting haying your It speeds up on

will be happy to take another,"and hired help or borrowed balers. Makes smooth, twinetied 14 x 18

it was as delicious as the first. After bales just right in density for easy handling and storage, sliced for

this the Indian women provided easy feeding. Baler is built so simple that most anyone can operate

bananas for dessert. and adjust it... so light in weight and draft most any tractor can

it. it afford any farmer can... Pickup in cost most so and low the pull to meet Since were not we

thrifty drive aircooled positive from have feed for auger engine until o'clock ten at the airstripplane in extra overloading without heavy hay. operation or bunched smooth

the following morning, the Lacadon

Indians insisted on our staying at New Big Tonnage Case "140"Baler. Ideal for big acreages or

their home that night, promising that custom baling. Slices and compresses hay by alternately timed

increase capacity. baling peaks, See to your reduce powerthey would guide us to the airstrip plungers

facts. about the Case for all the Payment Income Case dealer Ask him

the following morning. They genPlan that lets you pay when you have money coming in.

erously'offered us, as a place to hang our hammocks that night, an openair, thatched roofed shed which stood on the side of the river opposite to their homes.

Darkness came, and we crawled into our hammocks. By 10:00 p.m. we

were again lying there shaking and shivering, as we had done the previous night. Jose got out of his hammock and built fires to keep us warm.

Thereafter throughout the night we took turns keeping the fires burning, and so we were wiser than we had been the previous night.

About 6:00 a.m. we arose and, accompanied by Nabor and Juan, their

wives, the two Indian boys, and all the dogs, headed for the airstrip. Approximately three hours later

we arrived, observing that we were FOR BALERS THAT PACK of the appointedthirty minutes ahead A BONUS IN EVERY BALE however, was fourtime. Our aviator,

hours late. He blamed his tardiness

on the fact that he didn't expect us to For fully descriptive pictorial folders, check here or write in margin any be there, thinking that surely we J.kindI. Caseof farmCo., implement,Dept. E-44B,anyRacine,size tractorWis. that may interest you. Address

would be lost in the jungle.

"130"Baler 4-Plow, New 4-Row Acres you farm. Otto, Jose, and I are happy to have New "400""140"Tractor Baler New

"500"gaveseen the "painted walls,"which Harvester 5-Plow Forage

Diesel Tractor Student?. Forage Blower additional of the confirmationus

Book of Mormon claims of darkand 4-WayElevatorCrop 3-PIowTractor"SC"Name.

lightcolored peoples having lived in HeavyDuty 2-Plow "VA"Series ancient America. Elevator Tractors Address.

(To be continuedy MAY 1955 343.

"... publish it upon

see::.,...:...::

the mountains"

(Continued from page 311) pointing to the deepseated and true regard the Prophet had for his benefactor.

It must have been a bitter blow, indeed, to Joseph Smith, when Martin.. FIT FDR A BRIDE Harris joined the Prophet's enemies

in attempts to discredit his divine mission and overthrow the Church.

Ueserel: News 1 ress o ers in Indeeplaterhumility,life however,was reunitedwhen Martin,with

a weaaino invitation prinhno service jit the Church, his esteem for the Prophet knew no bounds. As he lay upon

jor {he most aiscriminahnO bride. A histestimony—thatdeathbed, afterhe didbearingsee thehis angel,final

wide variety o styles ana cards are that he did see the plates, that he did hear the voice of God—Martin

available to add tne perfect touch to Harris gave utterance to his last words spoken upon the earth: "And 1

a oirl s most important event. do know that Joseph Smith is a

Prophet of God, holding the keys of the Holy Priesthood."1 '1

TI/Iartin Harris was intensely huof jealous Oliver -L "-"- man, Cowdery, others Rigdon, and he whom Deseret News Press jjb) Sidney saw placed in positions of trust ahead 31 RICHARDS STREET SALES OFFICE - PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of him. He was envious; he considered himself Joseph's "righthand

man,"to use one of our own expresfelt hurt and frustrated CttiptuMcL BLACK METAL sions; he

DINING FURNITURE whenleadership,not tochosenwhich tohe positionsfelt he wasof

WITH BRASS G< 'mm Harrisentitled.becameThe sodissentionpronouncedof thatMartinhe I \? ILjT A thrilling new standard

'of elegance, quality and was dropped from the Kirtland high easier living! Rich wood council September 3, 1837. 15

grain Micalite tops... Shortly after the martyrdom of the

decorator textures and colors in chairs.. Prophet, one J. J. Strang claimed to be

Subtle brass accents and Joseph's rightful successor, and in modern, black metal. support of his claim exhibited a letter purportedly written by Joseph

Smith choosing Strang as his successor. Mr. Strang was a man of

commanding appearance and persuasive eloquence and attracted quite a following among the discontented

Saints. For a time Martin Harris

came under the influence of this man.

He undertook a mission to England for the avowed purpose of opposing the elders laboring there. But Martin

Harris however, soon realized his erSend foi* informs ror and hastily returned to the United tive booklet on States before doing any harm, as Anstyle trends 1, furniture arrangedrew Jenson has expressed, except ment, and budgetnamehintsof perhaps, to himself. 10

: dealeryoti. Ask forne.arbookest ""The Passing of Martin Harris,"by William HarLos Angeles 45, California let "r: rison Homer, The Improvement Era, (Salt Lake City,

1926), 29:472.

D. H. C, op. cit., 11:510.

Available at better furniture and department I stores throughout the country 16Andrew Jenson, Latterday Saint Biographical Encyclopedia (Salt Lake City 1901), 1:272.

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Mr. Strang's attempt to establish

himself in a position of leadership in the Church proved to be an abortive effort and was doomed to failure. He

met with a tragic ending, when hewas shot and killed by one of his Good Old followers.

David Whitmer was deeply angered when the Saints at Far West, in a family Traditiongeneral assembly held on February 4, 1838, refused to sustain the stake presidency—David Whitmer, W. W.

Phelps, and John Whitmer. Another

grievance of Whitmer 's was that

Joseph Smith had altered the original postal* charter of the Church and changed the name from the "Church of Jesus

Christ"by adding thereto the words "of Latterday Saints."David Whitmer was dubious concerning the authenticity of the more recent revelations, saying he was not sure whether

they were being received by the

Prophet or dictated by Sidney Rigdon.

Whitmer was cited formally to appear before the high council on April 13, 1838, to answer charges which had been preferred against him. When

he refused to appear, he was excommunicated. 17

The designation The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was given by a revelation through Joseph

Smith at Far West, Missouri, April 26, 1838, addressed to the presiding officers of the Church and reads as This large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to 100 cups!

follows

For thus shall my church be called in the last of days, even Jesus Christ The Church Instant Postum is America'sof Saints. Latterday 115:4.) (D. & C.

spiritual Martin Harris rejected the favorite cereal beverage!

leadership of Brigham and Young in later years harbored a personal resentment against him. He felt that Have you tried Instant Postum with your meals? It offers all the

President Young was instrumental in warmth and satisfaction you crave from a good hot drink.

causing Caroline, Martin's second Postum has so much flavor and goodness because it's made of wife, to leave him and go to Utah, a whole wheat and bran, carefully roasted and slightly sweetened.

grievance more imaginary than real.

Martin Harris separated from his And it takes so little time to prepare Instant Postum. Fix it

first wife, Lucy, in 1829 or 1830. The right in the cup, adding hot water or hot milk. With milk, it's

exact date has not been found on specially good for the children.

record. state early writers However, Yet, Instant is priced so Postum low—18that divorced. they were Lucy start in the tradition not Postum your did Why lessfamily—than a soon.pennyAnothera cup! to Kirtland Martinnot move when wonderful product Foods. of General

settled there in 1831, after his mission to Missouri with the Prophet. Martin did not remarry until 1837, the

year after Lucy's death in Palmyra.

He then took to wife in Kirtland girl thirtythree yearsan attractive Instant Posfum (Continued page) on following

No caffein "Joseph Fielding Smith, op. cit., pp. 208209.

18Preston Nibley, The Witnesses of the Book of

Mormon (Salt Lake City 1953), p. 111.

MAY 1955 345 "... publish it upon

the mountains"

(Continued from preceding page) younger than himself, a niece of

Brigham Young, Caroline Young, daughter of John Young. Temporally Martin prospered at this time.

Their home in Kirtland was more than comfortably appointed. Here

they lived together nineteen years during the period of discord, persecution, and apostasy that marked the

Kirtland era in Church history, and here four of their children were born.

Children of Caroline and Martin

Harris: Kirtland—diedMartin, Jr., bornSeptemberJanuary 27,28, 1913;1838,

JuliaKirtland—diedLacotha, bornFebruaryApril 29,6, 1869;1842,

1916; Solomon WebFinest gasoline, motor oil, Kirtland—diedJohn Wheeler, born July 1, 1845,

ster, December I, 1854, Kirtland died March 3, 1919; Ida Mae, born

May 27, 1856, Iowa—died December

1918. fuel oil and other 24,

Caroline was a staunch Latterdaypetroleum products in 46 years. Saint. after In desperation, years of

divided loyalties, partly caused by

Martin's disaffection with the Church, she made the decision to leave him You expect more from and departed with her children for

Utah. Ida Mae was born in Iowa

after the start of the westward jourUtoco.. and get it! ney. Finally, on September 1, 1859,

more than three years after leaving

Kirtland, Caroline and her five children arrived in Salt Lake City and were welcomed into her father's home.

(To he continued)

Mother of the Year

(Continued from page 322) Here's the milk that helps heshe hadsaid, finishedwanted histo bemission.a kindergartenJeanie,

teacher and Davy and Judy were too young to know what they wanted to you be a better cook! do."

When Miss Ungar asked for her formula for raising children she said:

'I'm afraid I haven't any.'She pondered a moment as she separated the

twins who were fighting over a dilapidated teddy bear. Then as she

gave them each a fresh toy, she said, 'I just sort of let them go along as they naturally want to as long as they're not doing any harm to them346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA selves or anybody else,'then with a *sssa* glance at the babies now happy with what she had given them, she laughed, 'unless they all want the teddy bear If at the same time; then I have to take

a hand. Keeping them busy and

happy are the two things I've always been most anxious about. I believe

when folks are busy and happy, there isn't much to worry about.'

Nancy put the paper down, thoughtfully. She had seen to it that

her children were busy—but had they

been happy? Had she made them

too conscious of standards, goals, habits? Had she made them too

independent of her?

The door opened, and Jim came in.

He dropped his books on the couch with a tired sigh. Then as she looked

up at him, he gathered the books up quickly. "I'm sorry, Mother."It

had been an unbreakable rule that theorder—readyliving roomfor mustcallersalwaysor commitbe in

tee meetings. Suddenly Nancy knew

it had never been a living room.

"That's all right Jim. Let them

be. You look tired."But he was on EVERYBODY his way to his room.

"How was school?"She wanted is invited to LEADERSHIP WEEK

desperately to break the reserve beJune 20 to 24 tween them.

"Not so good. I'm afraid I flunked No matter what"position you hold in the

the test in zoo. I can't swallow the Church, there is a festival of learning for you

stuff, and it's a prereq. for that at this inspiring event.

eugenics you want me to major in. GREAT SPEAKERS—Members of the CHURCH HELPS—Church auxiliary

Guess I'll have to get one of the smart General Authorities and other great boards will conduct instruction in activities. their leaders will speak daily. guys to tutor me."He went into his INTENSIVE COURSES - University right on ACCOMMODATIONS—Stay

room and closed the door. Nancy campus in comfortable rooms, enexperts will teach about science,

sat staring after him. joy inexpensive meals. humanities, arts, and religion.

registration $1 FEEThe exhibits and NOMINAL enclasses, you to all fee admits presented Smart guys—with his IQ. Had she filmEXHIBITSclassics—Valuablewill be

had a right to urge him into the field daily. tertainment and activities.

of her interest? Certainly Jim was

not happy. UNIVERSITY She thought of the other children. BRIGHAM YOUNG

Had they been happy? Suddenly PROVOUTAH

she felt that they were all more than miles away from her. Why hadn't

Richard taken that job the home university offered him? The president

had said he regretted that Richard felt he shouldn't change the environment of his children during their formative years. Could it be he feared Whichever

she would try to dominate them? And Best Fits Your Needs, Horizontal Standard Model Larger Model 300 Kathie's Fred—why were they sendYou're Sure of km&& Cultivator 2h.p.motor,1l"cultivating Twospeed power drive,

full cultivation, 3.3 Piowider to operate. Easy width. light principle, weight in anuniversity New to the state ing him MOSt outAmerica's h. all p. motor. frontmounted of neer to maneuver, lbs.), easy (45 their to own than other larger for value thoustanding tillers. 9"rotary Many wide. cultivates Moneyfor withYour grandof his care the lawns; Tiller use. gardens, in alma sands p. 2 h. Complete mater—tocity—rather $228 $|34 $j(J5

selfaccusation of wave mother? A

attachments lowcost easily changed, have ALL 3 ROTOJJEjodels her. over swept HOE FREE CATALOG COIOR NEW sight The to her room with valuable went She Sixteen packed pages Co. Sprayer & ROTOHOE

free for copy Write today a information. in the Factors "Essential of paper her dealer. of nearby box OHIO and name 134, NEWBURY,

(Continued on following page) MAY 1955 347 MOTHER OF THE YEAR (Continued from preceding page) felt a new peace and was preparing

Improvement of the Race,"seemed for bed when she heard Jim come to mock her. whistling up the walk. The sound

She heard Jim's door open. was sweet. She knew to reach Jim

the value of right"Jimmy,away,"I'llshe Havecalled.dinner ready wouldto hope.be easier than she had dared

"I'm not hungry. I'm going out He called, "Mother, you still up?"

for awhile. Don't bother about me and burst into her room. There was

for dinner. You're busy with your a warmth in his voice she had not

I article. in at Jeanie's. may drop Evefor months. had the heard He in a water/ They'll be having a snack."went He face in his His hands. ning Express

heater /...so, for outNancythe backsankdoor.into a chair and buried was"Mother,beaming.why didn't you tell me!

her face in her arms. She wept of the Year! as This is great—Mother longer service, not for years. she had wept She had but Gosh, Jeanie's mother! y You and

to the world children help the cleaner hot water become his around arms the paper put and y wanted more than anything else in we're the proud kids!"He dropped their father what have would a I've sorry helped her. such been "I'm

to be. them she robbed Had them heel lately—you of life's greatest blessings? and herself thing of me, and tryingme—to make someShe envied Susan Barker. She longed

for happiness, for companionship with "Don't Jimmy!"she studied his

her loved ones. eager young face. "You're in love

glad. I When she was exhausted from with Jeanie Barker—and I'm

weeping, she bathed her face and hope she'll be the kind of woman, the tried to read. But she was too overkind of mother her mother is."

toFOWLER wrought with remorse and misgivings. Holding her close he began

If only it were not too late to recover laugh.

what she had missed! Finally she "That's funny! She—ever since

sat at her desk and wrote a long, inti- I've known her—Mother, Jeanie

mate letter to each of her absent wants to be just like you!"

children. She knew they would be A sweet peace stole over Nancy.

surprised at the new warmth and Mother of the year! That didn't

concern, but she felt sure they would matter. What did matter was this

understand and would respond. She new something: she had found.

There's nothing new about glassUNLOCKING THE DOORS TO OPPORTUNITY lining! For 20

years it has been (Continued from page 309) tracking, history gives his father as part and parcel of My aunt had gathered her wealth Alexander Webb, Jr., and Alexander electricFowler

water heaters. of data among references she had Webb, Sr., married Margaret Arden.

By pioneering read and researched in Freeman's Here the name is intermingled, for glasslined tank History of Cape Cod, volume 1, page Alexander Webb, Sr.'s father also

theconstruction, manufacturer of 65., Michael's History of Bridgewater, married Grace Arden. They were

Fowler water Bass Family History, volume 51, 52 from Warwick, England. Grace was

ledheaters has first in buried person to be Windbetter to waway the—-Mayflowerand 54 of theDescendants.New EnglandHistoryRegisterof sor,the Connecticutt. died She Decemforter heating

Western families. the Adams Family, New England ber 3, 1639.

With durable porcelain bondedto-steel inRegister, volume 86 and 87. The last name I recorded in my

tank,side the users enjoy longer service and In mother's pedigree one grandown pedigree looseleaf book was the Fowler.cleaner hot a glasslined water with

For the best in lowcost water heating parent was an aunt of John Quincy family of Greswold. Radolphus

service—backed by a 20year prorated warAdams, President of the United (Latin form for Ralph) Greswold was

ranty—BUY A GLASSLINED FOWLER. States. born about 1300. Later the name

Get the "Fowler glasslined story"and I followed every "twig"of one was spelled Ralph Greswold. This

complete information about the branch since this connected the faname went back to John Greswold of many Fowler models. mous William Shakespeare to my Kenilworth, Warwick, England. He

family tree, through John and Priswas born in 1200, and he married aFOWLER MANUFACTURING CO.

2545 S. E. Gladstone Street, Portland 2, Oregon cilla Alden's granddaughter Ruth daughter of William Huggerford of

Please send folder and name of my nearest Fowler dealer. Bass, whose husband was Peter Webb. Huggerford Hall in England. Her

Nam e Peter Webb's father, Christopher birth is recorded in 1100.

Address Webb, was born about 1630, and Aunt Mattie unlocked the geneChristopher's parents were Humility alogy doors to opportunity for me to

City Zone -State. and Christopher Webb—I. Backfind hidden "buds"in names and

348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA history that since have blossomed on our family tree branches. Genealogy

is found in old letters, Bibles, diaries, church registers, tombstones, and history books. THE NEW BALDWIN

Electronic Organ MODEL 45That Friendly Touch Two fulT 61 note manuals, 25 pedals (Concluded from page 294) Selfcontained amplification—completely portable

you write one letter and have several Standard controls letters to read. In a way it is gen19 independent stops, four couplers, '{, iX

eral, but so is a group of friends inselective vibratos vited to your home. Confidential Traditional Baldwin tone quality

matters may be taken up in personal New modest cost letters, while the "round robin"keeps one in touch on general subjects.

Before the evening is up, I check my birthday and anniversary book for special dates coming up. I address the proper cards and date them

when they should go into the mail file in a on put themand the desk. MODEL S i MODEL 45 in the morningsIt takes no time

riffle to throughafterwards 11 building, unbelievable almost innovation in organ that should cards out the tones, them JBL If Anin versatility scope of true organ andand to send the new 45 an Baldwin Model commands allglection tone of stops in four organ unusuallyfamilies—Diapabroad seAt the same time, I make out the son, Flute, String and Reed. Although self contained,

shopping list relative to the above, requiringdesigned thatno specialit can beinstallation,used with theBaldwin'sModel standard45 is so auxiliary tone equipment where desirable. See thisadding to it the specialized gifts that MODEL 10

today! instrument amazing

are to be purchased. Right now, my

memo pad has the following notaThe BaldwinIs FinancingPiano Company willa financeProblem?your purchase of

tions: Wedding gift for Bruce and any Baldwinbuiltpiano or organ.

Alice, check with jeweler for silver uniqueThousandsmanufacturercustomerof churches are nowFinancetakingPlan.advantage of this

pattern—Shower gift for Anne, someFor complete details ask your Baldwin dealer, or write us,

BALDWIN COVERS THE FIELD NOW SUPERB ELECTRONIC FOURthing for the kitchen—Baby shower ORGASONIC MODEL 40 WITH ORGANS

.. An Instrument for Every Purpose, Eveiy Budget!gift for Ruth—Birthday present for.

invited to Ellen Arnold—Sue Piano Baldwin The Company

Division, Organ Department IE 55 I Armstrong's and Dad BALDWIN Cincinnati 2, Ohioparty—MotherJackie

Please Institutional send information on: Home

45 Organ. Baldwin Electronic new Model Theanniversary giftPIANO COMPANY

electronic Other organs built by Baldwin. 2, Ohio Division, Cincinnati of Organ over the checking Next comes Baldwin's unique manufacturercustomer

Plan. Finance OF;PIANOS ill or BUILDERSGRAND BALDWIN of friends notationsscribbled ORGANIZATION SPINET ACROSONIC AND

PIANOS CONSOLE BY of the famlost a PIANOS member STUDIO have HAMILTONwho ADDRESSORGANS ELECTRONIC BALDWIN CITY -ZONE.STATE. SPINET ORGASONIC ORGANS cards convalescentily. go To them

and messages of condolence.

How often do I have a "Friends'Night"? There is no set time, no set &tyu 0a/i 0mnfiie /%/tew Q)fmdrm Rc<mt

number. Whenever I want to call in

my friends for a friendly visit, I have a Friends'Night.

Why not give it a try? Oh, here

comes the mailman. Wait. Yes,

there is a big, thick letter. One of

the "round robins"has come. Now Rooms for parties and meetings

I'll hear if June's oldest daughter has recovered from the mumps, and if Good Food

Sara's oldest son is engaged to the girl Reasonable Prices

Treat For Ahe met in college. All The Family

So, keep that friendly touch.

MAY 1955 letter to a Missionary

(Continued from page 315) communication, the wonders began easy steps at the same time. (The pioneer railto a home of your own road ran in the United States seven

years after the angel's visit. Photography, as we know it today, was be3k ing developed, and chloroform was

first used in that same period.)

If you object to these things being called wonders, you should, read, a short article in Reader's Digest, June 1952, page 69, entitled, "I Wonder

Do You?"The author chastises the

public for taking all these great and wonderful inventions for granted, or as he says, "vulgarizing them."Let's

quote one sentence: "There certainly has been a rapid series of inventions, and, in one sense, the activity

is marvelous and the rapidity might

PLANNING is the allimportant first step... and well look like magic. But it has been

help it in take you we will stride. planning Our rapidity a in things stale, going a

department includes hundreds styles, of modern to rush downhill the flat dreary and plans with blueprints and available at moderate cost... or we will design a home 'specially to meet world of prosaic; a haste of marvelous

your individual needs. things to lose their marvelous charMATERIALS must be of the finest quality for true, acter; a deluge of wonders to destroy

longterm value and when you entrust your home wonder."And in summing up he

building plans to us, you get the pick from thfr uses this sentence, "I am not oblargest finest and. in this stocks area right... the jecting to the statement that the

right for grade the purpose. like you'll And our science of the world modern is wontime-saving, ontime delivery service.

derful; I am only objecting to the

QUALIFIED CONTRACTOR. are working reguWe modern world because it does not of the finest in this builders larly with many area

... men who are known for ability and integrity. wonder at it [more]."(Italics added.)

We can arrange for one of these qualified conIn the Reader's Digest condensatractors to do the job, or we will be happy to work tion of Garet Garrett's book, The with the builder of your choice. Wild Wheel, in the May 1952 magaFINANCING. Our own financing service enables zine, page 164, Mr. Ford answered the

you to get a construction loan promptly and with question, "Where do ideas come of red a In tape. minimum addition, will we be from?"I'll quote two paragraphs: to help happy with credit you your report and other

necessary preliminary details. For an early start "There was something like a sauon your new home... see us today. cer on the desk in front of [Mr.

Ford]. He flipped it upside down;

tapped the bottom with his fingers and said, 'You know that atmospheric pressure is hitting this object at 14 pounds per square inch. You can't

illttllMliiilliiimiiu mm niniiii mm minimum i mi mini mini: mi see it or feel it, but you know it is

Two Books happening.The air is fullIt's oflikethem.that withTheyideas.are

Seventies and Elders B. C. THE A. OF areMORMONISMtalking about: Courtesy hittinghave toyouthinkon theabouthead.it tooYou much.don't

and the goes beyond You only have to know what you

MISSIONARY'S MORMON then go forget about it and dependability jj want, MESSAGE business. the about your Suddenly

still books areThese two available at the same low price while this edition lasts. idea you want will come through. It

J. Written by AUBREY PARKER all time.'there the the Convert Methodist from Ministry A BUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM was in size the popular for pocket convenupPut

I inience day handling. saw in "One These are this at work. At bound green

and gold cloth, with hard back. Will last a lifelunch, Ford was talking to Williamtime.

Sent to you anywhere $1.00 inEACH.the world postpaid for J. Cameron and me, when his tall

ELDER AUBREY J. PARKER body stiffened, the expression on his

on Carrillo 616 West PLYMOUTH face, which had been lively, changed Santa 1, Calif. DODGE Barbara

I < 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 i l i i 1 1 J [ ll 1 1 1 tllllll 1 1 1 [nil 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 llllllll 1 1 ] [ 1 1 in inn; 1000 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah to that of a sleepwalker, and he said

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to no one in particular, 'Ah-h! I am

not really thinking about that at all.'

"With no other word, he rose and walked rapidly away. An idea he Tbw! - FOR YOUR

had been wanting had come through, and he had gone to do something SPRING PAINTING!

about it. Cameron said, 'That happens often. We may not see him COLORSTYLING—exterior and

again for a week.'"interior—is definitely here to

. right. Yes, Edgar, Mr. Ford was stay! by Ben-.. made possible poMcdM1Ideas in 1823 are everywhere because Paints. nett's Colorizer There's for

God began pouring out his Spirit one for every surface in your upon all flesh and caused men to OUTSIDE or INSIDE choice of 1,322 Colorizer Colors "Dream dreams and see visions,"and or hundreds of Bennett's Deeptone as a result these great wonders have Colors. See your Bennett's dealer

come upon the earth. And runnow. Ask him for the beautiful

ning true to form, God did not start pouring out his Spirit until he had.9 colorstyling folders, "New Colors

first revealed the fact that he was in House Paints"and "Mr. and

going to do so unto his servant the Mrs. Color,"filled with new ideas

Prophet. and practical, upto-theminute

Oh, Edgar! Come back. You were suggestions in real paint chips.

a good missionary, and I believe you are a good man now only you've so cold becausegrown and numb of OvDW<tCJc> PAINTS inactivity. yourself Clean up and

warm up your spiritual blood by activity in your priesthood quorum, the welfare program, and other services, 2nd West &—21st So.

dealersand by living the standards of the and65 W.Bennett's1st Southbranches and

Church. If you'll do this, you can the Intermountain area and Southernin

get that old thrill back you once California.

knew as a missionary—even a greater

thrill. And then the Holy Spirit can

and will manifest the truth of Joseph

Smith's divine calling to you more convincingly than all of the circumspecially for your stantial evidence combined. Don'ttrade your birthright for a few little m

twobit thrills derived from the things of this world. What can be gleaned

from obtaining the honors of men?

They only last a few years at best, whereas our heavenly Father has in store for us thrills a hundred times more soulsatisfying which will last forever and ever.

I loved you as a missionary companion, and I love you now or I would not be writing as I am.

God bless you, and as President

Callis used to close his letters to us,

I remain your brother in the gospel,

Rulon Killian.

t&e* 4* s?e SUFFER LITTLE CHILDREN spec*l -* '"enU*

By Virgil B. Smith Mr sPecia/ a*tenfion

1I/|an, do you know a child Or still remember youthIts hope, its awful thirst for truth? COFFEE

And, knowing, would you darken skiesTo unwinking, eager eyes? SHOP

Or do you know yourself? You're near,

But not so close as some Hotel Utah M<ax Carpenter, Manager

You would hold back. I search

My kingdom waits—for men as dear.

MAY 1955 351 Mekhizedek

to the First Council of the Seventy.

Statement of Policy Regarding Seventies Since this is merely a "Request for

Permission to Interview"the brethren, under consideration, are not to

TO ALL STAKE PRESIDENCIES a unit status established, and the learn at this time that they are being quorum number discontinued. considered for the office of seventy.

Dear Brethren: Second: Upon receipt of this reRecent developments in relation to Changes in Presidencies quest, the First Council will study the

the work of the seventies of the conditions of the men as well as the

Church have indicated to the memAll changes in the presidencies of conditions of the quorums affected bers of the First Council of the Sevseventies'quorums and in the chairand approve the interview of such enty the advisability of again setting manships of units must have the apmen as it may feel should be added to forth certain policies which now proval of the First Council of the such quorums.

maintain. Seventy. This means that presidents Third: After receiving this perof quorums and chairmen of units mission, the stake president or one

Organization of Units cannot be released from office nor of his counselors will interview inordained high priests without the dividually each of the men approved

It has recently been decided that in authorization of the First Council or for interview by the First Council of stakes which do not have enough of one of the duly authorized Genthe Seventy, having him fill out the seventies to operate a quorum with a eral Authorities who may be operatform "Recommendation for Ordinamajority there will be organized a ing on the ground. tion in the Priesthood."If satisfied

unit of seventies. This organization This policy does not apply to with the interview, having found

will not be given a number but will seventies who are not presidents or the prospective seventy completely be called the "Unit of Seventies"of chairmen. A change has been made worthy, the stake president will pre-

.. stake. Under the from the procedure set forth in the sent his name to the members of the

present policy, in any stake where Melchizedek Priesthood Handbook. high council for their consideration

there is a quorum there will not be The present policy permits stake and approval; but if the candidate

organized a unit nor will there be presidents to ordain to the office of fails to qualify for the office and organized more than one unit in any high priest members of seventies'calling of the seventy, the stake presistake. quorums or units without first referdent will withhold further processring the matter to the First Council ing of the recommendation and make

Officers of Units of the Seventy. a conscientious effort to qualify, as to

worthiness, the brother concerned.

To direct this unit, there will be Addition of New Members Fourth: After the high council's

appointed a chairman and two counapproval has been obtained for the selors. These officers are to be When a quorum or unit may have ordination, both the bishop of the

recommended to the First Council by need of new members, the presibrother's ward and his elders'quorum the stake president. After being apdency of the quorum or chairman of president will be asked to certify as

proved by the First Council, they the unit may make requests of the to his worthiness. It should be unmay be set apart by the president stake presidents for such elders as derstood, however, that this is not a

of the stake. they may like to have ordained sevenrecommendation for ordination from

ties. It remains for the president of the bishop and elders'quorum presiOrganization and Maintenance the stake to determine whether or dent but merely a certification of the

of Quorums not he may care to accept their man's worthiness.

recommendations and process the Fifth: When all of the above steps

A quorum, instead of a unit, will brethren for ordination. have been taken and the brother unbe organized in all stakes which have der consideration has been found to

enough seventies for a working maProcedures in Recommending and be completely worthy to become a jority. Ordaining Seventies seventy, the matter will be presented

In cases where existing quorums to the stake priesthood meeting for fall below a majority with no reaThe steps to be taken in recomfinal consideration before submission sonable prospects of building up the mending and ordaining seventies are of the recommend again to the First membership numerically, if there as follows: Council of the Seventy. Priesthood

be two or more quorums in the stake, First: The stake president will fill leadership meetings are not qualified

such combinations and readjustments out "Form C Revised,"giving the to give this approval; therefore, when

as conditions warrant will be made; name and status of each brother he it is not possible to present the matand if it be that there is but one would like to interview with the purter to the stake priesthood meeting,

quorum of insufficient members, the pose of having him ordained to the it may be presented to one of the genquorum as such will be disorganized, office of seventy. This he will send eral sessions of stake quarterly con352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Priesthood

ferences. This body constitutes a Great concern is felt for the wellcan no longer be expected to do misgeneral meeting of the priesthood of being of the quorums of elders, and sionary work, should properly be orthe stake. we have thought it unwise to ordain dained high priests if their personal

Sixth: All of the foregoing protoo large a proportion of the outworthiness merits it.

cedure having been accomplished, the standing and worthy elders into the recommendation forms will be sent to quorums of seventy for fear of unRelation to Bishops the First Council of the Seventy, who, duly weakening the elders'quorums.

if satisfied with the recommendation, We have thought that in the main We have had considerable concern will arrange for final interview and after returning from their various over the years at a situation which ordination by one of the General fields of labor, young returned mishas grown up—almost exclusively in

Authorities who may be qualified to sionaries should affiliate with the Salt Lake City and Ogden areas do that work. elders in their respective wards in wherein a quorum of seventy is loIt is preferable to follow the foreorder to add their strength to them, cated within a single ward. It has

going procedure; however, if there and also, because of age, social, and been our observation that under such

should not be sufficient time to mail fraternal considerations, gain for circumstances bishops sometimes asthese forms to the First Council, they themselves more opportunities for sume control which, because of its may be presented to a member of the service and brotherhood in priesthood being a Melchizedek Priesthood quoCouncil of the Twelve, to a member activities. rum, is unjustified. On the other

of the First Council of the Seventy, hand, we have observed that where or to an Assistant to the Twelve, who Calling of the Seventy a Special several wardareas are in one quomay be visiting the stake for the One rum jurisdiction it is easier to keep quarterly conference. Any of these the spirit and purpose of the seventy

brethren are authorized to take care We believe that the calling of the alive and maintain a proper relationof the interviews and ordinations of seventy is a special one, and that ship between the bishop and the quoprospective seventies. those so called should be, in fact, rum. This is a goal towards which

as the revelation states, "especial witwe are working.

Conditions Necessary for nesses of the name of Christ,"and

Recommendations of Brethren to that they should have the desires, Factors Considered in Building Up

Become Seventies aptitudes, and inclinations for misQuorums of Seventies

Great care should be exercised in sionary work. Factors which should be carefully

the interviews referred to above to We do not believe, however, that considered by stake presidencies as determine that the candidate be every elder who may be ordained to well as by the First Council of the morally clean and worthy; that he be the office of seventy must be called Seventy in determining the needs of

in harmony with the policies, docimmediately into missionary service. building up or increasing quorums of

trines, and practices of the Church We think that there should be a seventies in the various stakes include and not running counter thereto in large reserve of brethren in training the following: stake population; total

sympathy or practice; that he pay for missionary work, and that it is number of elders in the stake; number

his tithes and offerings to the Lord the function of the quorums of of elders who pay a full tithing and in full; that he observes the Word of seventy to prepare their members for are otherwise worthy to be ordained

Wisdom; that his family life be such service. seventies; the prospective missionary

exemplary; and, if he has had a diThere is no justification for the field, the number in the minority

vorce, that he receive proper clearfeeling that the seventies are intergroups with whom missionary work ance from the First Presidency of the mediate between the elders and the can be done; the geographical area

Church. high priests. They hold a highly of the stake; whether the stake memspecialized office, "... thus differing bership is increasing; the leadership

in officers in the church other available for as presidents of the use Preparatory Experiences Necessary from their calling."of the duties effect that the creation the quorums;

elders be not should the We think of or the continuance quorum like a new to see seventies the would We office of seventy to the unordained existing one have would of an on the in stakes the of Zion used more and til they have gained a considerable more within the field of their primary quorums of elders; the number of

elders, of as experience having degree existing in of the brethren is, quorums in missionary responsibility—that gospel, in the and matured somewhat special seventy; circumand any service; thus, seventies should not be

having become stable members of the used in auxiliary capacities when they stances that might prevail in the stake

Church. concerned. service. for missionary be needed may

in this principle conWe apply that worthy This would mean Respectfully submitted as serve called to sidering young men physiof age, seventies who, because missionaries with the result that nearcal condition, or for other reason, The First Council of the Seventy ly all of the younger men are now going into the mission field as elders. 1D. & C. 107:25. By /s/ Levi Edgar Young

MAY 1955 353 ThePresiding

The Restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood

Two young men, Joseph Smith and

Oliver Cowdery, stood on the banks of the beautiful Susquehanna River near

Harmony, Pennsylvania. While their

faces reflected the seriousness of their thoughts, it was evident that peace permeated their entire beings. Their

every act bespoke humility and faith in

God. They had secluded themselves

from the world that they might seek the counsel of their Father in heaven.

It was May 15, 1829. Winter was

over. Spring was in the air. Nature

had painted the leaves of the trees with a delicate green, and the grass underfoot with a darker, but beautiful, contrasting hue. The song of the birds

overhead blended with the sounds of the river to produce harmonious overtones that added to the serenity of the occasion. The sun cast its golden rays

through the motionless leaves of the semidense overgrowth, making a wonderful study in light and shadow. All

was calm and peaceful. It was indeed

a sacred spot. Gone were the cares and

pressures of life, overcome by the handiReproduced from a painting in the Logan (Utah) Temple by J. Leo Fairbanks depictwork of God. The harmonious beauty ing the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood.

that surrounded them contributed to the sacredness of the place and the occasion, but the seriousness of their misthe Lord said, "No greater prophet born taken again from the earth, until the sons sion made them semioblivious to it. of woman"; he who had been beheaded of Levi do offer again an offering unto

They knelt together in humble prayer. for his courageous denunciation of sin the Lord in righteousness. (D. & C. Sec. 13.)

and for his love of truth, at the instigation of Herod Antipas and his wicked He told them that the Aaronic PriestOrdinance of Baptism wife, Herodias. He stood before them hood was an appendage of the Melin majesty. The glory that surrounded chizedek priesthood, that it had not the

They were concerned about the the heavenly messenger was far more power of the laying on of hands for the ordinance of baptism. What was the brilliant than the May sunshine. His gift of the Holy Ghost, but that this

proper mode? How, to whom, and by presence dispelled all doubts and fears, power would later be given to them.

whom should the ordinance be perand they opened their souls to partake He said he came under the direction of formed? In translating the Book of of his wisdom. Peter, James, and John, who held the

Mormon, they had become more aware keys of the priesthood of Melchizedek, of the problem as they contrasted the which priesthood, in due time would instructions of that sacred book with Aaronic Priesthood Restored be conferred upon them.

the practices of the churches of their They were then directed by the mesday. They knew that God would supJohn laid his hands upon the heads senger to go down into the river. Joseph

ply the wisdom they sought. of Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery was instructed to baptize Oliver, and

the Aaronic conferred them upon and in turn, Oliver baptized Joseph. They of space vastness the from Apparently held keys had he which Priesthood to ordain were other then each the by of voice him the whomcame of centuries. words the The through of laying hands. ordained on Joseph servfellow thy sent—"Iclarion had amGod indelibly imprayer ordination were his first, Oliver Oliver then ordained and the Bapresurrected ant."John The of the young the minds pressed upon to the Priesthood. Aaronic Joseph had tist before them. stood who He

men. The glorious spiritual experiences that come out of the wilderness crying repentance unto the people in his day; Upon you my fellow servants, in the followed their baptism and ordination

he who had baptized our Lord and name of Messiah I confer the Priesthood of to the priesthood were occompanied by

Savior in the River Jordan; he, the Aaron, which holds the keys of the ministerthe spirit of prophecy. As they left

literal descendant of Aaron who held ing of angels, and of the gospel of repentthe hallowed spot, their hearts were the keys of the Aaronic Priesthood by ance, and of baptism by immersion for the light. The Aaronic Priesthood was again

right and by ordination; he of whom remission of sins; and this shall never be restored to the earth.

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Aaronic Priesthood Program Set May 1415

Award Report for 1954 May 14 and 15 have been designated by the First Presidency for commemoratApplications received during Janing the anniversary of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood.

uary, February, and March for InSuggestions for Saturday, May 14, and the program to be followed in sacradividual Aaronic Priesthood Awards ment meeting, May 15, appeared on these pages in The Improvement Era for earned during 1954 have already April 1955 and in the "Church Section"of the Deseret News, April 2.

established an alltime record for one year. Awards approved and

issued were as follows:

BISHOPRIC SETS "GREATER APPRECIATION OF BIBLE"

Stake Awards 13 AS AARONIC PRIESTHOOD GOAL

Ward Awards 486 100% Seals 2,478 Bishop John Edmund Coles of the San Antonio Ward, Houston Stake, together

Aaronic Priesthood Pins.. 5,166 with his counselors Gordon L. Wright and Herbert E. Turley, are currently using

Priests 5,537 the time of the combined Ward Aaronic Priesthood meeting, the second week in

Teachers 5,503 each month, to teach all of their Aaronic Priesthood members a greater appreciaDeacons 7,293 tion of the Holy Bible.

Total Individual In the top photograph, Clara Mays, librarian in charge of the Rare Books

Awards 18,333 section, San Antonio Library, is exhibiting a copy of the first edition of the King

James Bible printed in 1611 A.D. On the left is a page from the Gutenberg Bible

printed in 1452 A.D. Senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood and the bishopric

are shown viewing these exhibitions.

Ward Teaching In the lower photograph, the bishopric and Aaronic Priesthood under 21 are being shown the Manuscript Bible found in a British monastery 1250 A.D. This

Gaining the Confidence of ancient volume was written entirely by hand in Latin.

The report of this unusual project, and the details given, were submitted by

Those We Teach Gordon L. Wright who is the instructor currently assigned to take the lead in

this particular meeting each month.

There are two types of confidence that are essential to successful ward teaching: (1) that confidence which

ward teachers have in those whom they teach, and, (2) that confidence which those who are taught have in their ward teachers. How are these vital

qualities acquired?

Ward teachers who are kind;, solicitous, and understanding are rich in those

virtues which inspire confidence in each other. The applying of Christian principles of goodness in our way of life is

one of the best ways to gain the respect of each other. To be gentle with our

associates and considerate of their feelings is the foundation of friendship.

We manifest a genuine interest in the welfare of others by demonstrating willingness to help them. Without understanding we cannot penetrate the inner

recesses of the hearts of those whom we teach. To be tolerant of weaknesses

and to exhibit a forgiving spirit goes a long way in gaining the esteem of those who are trying to live better by doing better.

Maria Edgeworth told one of the secrets of gaining the confidence of others when she said, "The human heart, at whatever age, opens only to the heart that opens in return."Ward

teachers should remember that before their hearts to them, conopen members Bishopric Antonio of San Stake, (Texas) Ward, Houston and Aaronic Priesthood established. to be fidence has ancient members, examine manuscripts, exhibited by Librarian Clara Mays.

MAY 1955 355 Adam S. Bennion is a reMrs.markable woman. She possesses

amazing vitality and is one of those rare persons who seems to acThe Savor of complish a tremendous amount with no unusual show of effort. She is

always doing things for people Old -Fashioned Cooking thoughtful, loving kindnesses, but she does them quietly, unobtrusively. by Iris Parker

She is a gracious, hospitable hostess, and she and Dr. Bennion have a

great number of friends. water. Add this to tomato mixture.

Sister Bennion cooks the oldAdd shrimps and eggs (and celery and fashioned way, not always using exact cucumber) and salt and pepper to taste.

measurements. She adds a pinch of Pour in molds. Chill and serve with

this and a dash of that, and she can mayonnaise.

tell by the feel of her hand in the oven when it is hot enough. As a Ice Box Sherbet

cook she is perhaps most famous as a 1 large can crushed pineapple candy maker. We are not including 1 cup sugar

her candy recipes, however, because 1 cup (or more) cream they seem to need her special touch 1 can chilled, condensed milk to make them perfect, but here are Minerva Young Bennion several of the dishes that she prepares Cook pineapple and sugar together which are simple and delicious: for five minutes. Chill. Whip cream

and condensed milk. Add to pineapple 3 cups flour

Tuna Dish mixture and put in ice tray. Stir a 1 teaspoon soda

few times. 2 teaspoons cinnamon

1 small package noodles 2 teaspoons nutmeg 1 can mushroom soup Oatmeal Cookies 1 cup nuts \]/2 cans tuna (separated) 1 can mushrooms, pieces and stems l'/4 cups sugar Simmer raisins in 2 cups of water for

Y2 cup top milk 1 cup butter 15 minutes. Save 1 cup raisin juice

\ x/2 cups rolled, buttered cornflakes 3 cups oatmeal and drain the rest. Combine ingredients

2 eggs as for standard cake recipe, adding

Add layer of noodles, soup, mush- 1 cup nuts raisins and nuts last. Bake in two loaf

rooms, and tuna until all is used. Add 1 cup raisins tins for one hour.

milk and top with buttered cornflakes. y2 cup sour milk

Bake in 375 oven for 45 minutes. l/2 teaspoon salt Chow Chow

1 teaspoon cinnamon Vegetable Salad 1 teaspoon ginger 2 quarts small cucumbers 1 teaspoon soda 2 quarts larger ones (about 3") 1 large can tomatoes 2 cups flour 2 quarts small onions (peeled) 1 tablespoon sugar 1 small head cauliflower 1 tablespoon vinegar Cream butter and sugar. Add eggs. (broken in pieces)

Bay leaf Mix well. Add milk and dry ingredi- 4 quarts water

1 pint saltY4 large lemon cut small ents. Drop by spoonfuls onto a greased

2 packages gelatin cookie sheet. Bake in 375 oven 12 to

1 cup water 15 minutes. Let stand in this brine for 24 hours,

1 can shrimps stirring occasionally. Drain and rinse.

2 diced hardboiled eggs Raisin Cake (Celery and cucumbers, if desired) Mix \ l/2 pints cider vinegar with %

Salt and pepper 1 package seeded raisins pint water and heat.

\ l/2 cups sugar Mix together:

Boil tomatoes, sugar, vinegar, bay l/2 cup butter l/2 cup flour leaf, lemon, and strain. Soak gelatin in 2 eggs {Concluded on page 358)

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Homemade Goodness in 21 minutes!

like these, m m HOMEMADE COOKIES

I are no trick with Sperry Drifted! Snow Flour. Excellent results

\ are assured because Drifted \ Snow is ''homeperfected"to! give you homemade goodness

in all your baking. Martha

; Meade recipes,Queen Bess patFudge Mounds "tern silverware coupon in sack.

S&errjr One bowl—3 minutes to mix

speed medium electric mixet on Beat by mixing bowl—Sift into a minutes. for 3 a spoon with vigorously or Drifted sifted Snow Flour V/i cups batter Let often. DRIFTED SNOW bottom sides and Scrape

baking tableteaspoon large by minutes. Drop a few soda stand % hour'sheets. Bake baking ungreased salt spoonfuls on teaspoon %

1215 min375, hot oven, in moderately

Addutes. Makes IVz dozen.

1 cup brown sugar (packed) spread on cool When soft shortening Vb cup

Heat FROSTING: BUTTER BROWNED V4 *ffij 1 vanilla teaspoon 2 cups Blend in until brown. butter cup % cup milk sifted powdered sugar, 2 tbsp. cream, Yt tsp-

1 large egg vanilla. VARIATIONS: Frost with Chocolate

2 squares unsweetened chocolate, melted (2 oz.) Icing or White Icing tinted pink and green. HOMEPERFECTED"ENRICHED

DRIFTED SHOW FLOUR Sperry Division of General Mills World's Largest Flour Millers

STOP WASTING KNOW YOUR IDS COOKS (Concluded from page 356) tribute to his wife's mother, along FIREPLACE HEAT build around 6 tablespoons mustard (dry) with his wife and his own mother, in 1 tablespoon tumeric his first address after becoming an l/4 teaspoon cayenne Apostle:

l/2 teaspoon worchestershire sauce % cup granulated sugar... my life has been enriched by three >the tPilplJUQHeat wonderful women: the mother who bore

of a paste dry ingredients Make and of privations nurtured through and me me FireplaceCirculating Unit 1 oil, olive add tablespoon to then add little five she those days ones with when air the chambers firebox around HEATFORM and vinegar. hot pickles Place in cook and the ends somehow; companion meet made

circulate capture to the and dome a large home to 8 10 life minutes, until crispy for of tender. fortyone has years At who my

lost of heat volume up the the chimney oldby unfailing sustained last devotion; the with an Mrs. me minute adds Bennion one

fashioned fireplace, medium sized bottle of Cross & Blackand a motherin-law who has none of the

HEATFORM prevents construction mistakes often well Chow Chow and stirs until well attributes that we so familiarly attach to resulting in smoke trouble. It is a perfect form to mixed. the name, Sister Richard W. Young, with

guide the masonry walls (hearth to flue) to Place in jars while still hot. her ninety years of benediction.

complete any design fireplace.

HEATFORM fireplaces cost but little more. The Minerva Bennion is the daughter Brother and Sister Bennion have

unit consists of firebox, throat, dome, and of the late Brigadier General Richard five children and twenty grandchildamper, replacing some materials and labor W. Young, who fought in the Spandren, who keep their lives full and

necessary to build the ordinary fireplace. ishAmerican War and led the boys busy. She also belongs to several

HEATFORM has all the good qualities of any from Utah during the first world clubs of a cultural nature. Her

heat circulating fireplace unit, plus these excluwar. He was also Governor General hands are never idle, and she has

sive features: lovely needlework and crocheting to for Islands the Philippine many reinforced firebox of Diefarmed ribbed—

it. for size unit per heating area More—life show of years. the This background

of air surfaces to all heating Contact—

air circulation of heat active to Mrs. has and more added She has always in the been the US Army

exposed to metal beneath chimney "-—GreaterNo

hostess. as in Bennion's served having charm Her Church, the Sunday rust out

mother, now ninetytwo years of age, School, the MIA, and the Relief Sois still living and in good health, alciety. She is presently a visiting

though frail. Brother Bennion paid teacher in the Relief Society.

BASKET BIRTHDAYS

by Evelyn Witter

The above fireplace is built around Model "A"unit. Side Basket birthdays in the spring and weather sets the pace, and the chilcool-air inlets and front summer have become an "institudren can't resist the call of outdoor

warmair outlet were used for tion"at our house because they fun.

efficiency greater heating and economy of installation. Side are always so successful. We learned That was the basic reason for

warmair outlets may be used, early in raising our family, that the birthday parties in the park. But we

if preferred.

public parks afford much more amuselearned that a basket party was much ment for the preteen group than pareasier for mother to manage, too, with loi games that is when the no worry about boisterousness in the

TTW.

The above modern corner fireplace built around Model "S"(at right) affords view of fire from front and either side. If

you prefer view of fire from front and both sides, use Model "M".

Write for name of nearest dealer and FREE brochure giving complete information.

SOLD THRU BUILDING MATERIAL DEALERS

(*) HEATFORM is the registered trademark of

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO.

DEPT. IE 551 DEPT. IE 551

1708 E. 15th St. 601 North Point Rd.

Los Angeles 21, Calif. Baltimore 6, Maryland

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA house, no wondering about constant amusement for the guests, and most IT'S NEW! STARTLING! INTERESTING!

of all no elaborate refreshments, involving expense and long preparation. The refreshments for a party in the theHAMMOND ORGAN

park are easily fixed, can be attractive with "TOUCHRESPONSE PERCUSSION!"

to juvenile appetites, and are as nourOffering Even Greater Musical Value Than Ever Before ishing as they are pretty; for example:

For a basket party make a variety of For the Church, Home and School sandwiches, planning four slices of

HEAR IT -PLAY ITbread for each child.

Delicious sandwich companions can CHIMESBELLS-HARPCELESTE be made by stringing two stuffed LOW COST olives and a pineapple chunk on a LOW UPKEEP small skewer. EASY TO PLAY

Put potato salad in as many little cardboard cartons (saved from ice cream cups) as there are children at the party.

A cupcake and a banana for each child complete the wellbalanced menu. Beverage, cold lemonade or

apricot nectar, of course, is carried in a thermos jug.

Paper birthday napkins and the gifts for the honoree add the necessary touch to the basket to give it the birthday party touch. Candles may be

placed on the cupcakes, one in each until correct number is reached. Have

song and candle blowing before cupcakes are served.

Is there going to be a youngster's birthday at your house this spring or sraiSisiuwir-'"* summer? There is! Then, if you

would like to take advantage of the Protection From Water Damage weather and let the children have a fun day in the park, and if you would Thompson'sporous surfaces—Waterbrick,Sealconcrete,locks outstucco,moisturewood, fromcanlike to serve an easy to prepare but vas, etc. It is deeppenetrating, transparent, leaves

lock film. or mop. Helps spray Use brush,attractive, nutritious, and economical no

to surface. paint It sheds water. on walls, Use

birthday treat, why not plan a basket floors, foundations, indoors, outdoors. Covers up

birthday? to 400 sq. ft. per gal. At paint, hdwe, building

supply stores, or direct. $1.55 per qt., $4.78 per GOODFOR-NOTHING CORNER

gal., ppd. (No C.O.D.s please.) E. A. Thompson GOES TO WORK WITH

Co., Inc., Merchandise Mart, San Francisco 3. SPACESAVING

HANDY HINTS M0DERNF01D DOORS FORT SMITH 'ft More space for living Payment for Handy Hints used will be FOLDING BANQUET TABLES "ft Fits any size opening one dollar upon publication. In the event k Vinylcovered—won't fade—washes

that two with the same idea are submitted, easily the one postmarked earlier will receive the "k Wide range of decorator colors dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

will receivebut each careful consideration.

egg carton empty An makes a nonsquash modernfold storage container for carrying dressed eggs DOORS for picnic fare. H. L., Camp White, Oregon.

Plastic Birch or Masonite Tops 1V"Tubu1955 NEW CASTLE PRODUCTS. INC.

ga. Steel Apron—AluFor demonstration write or phone

Flush with Top. When hanging curtains with tiebacks, larminumSteelBandedLegs—16Edges,

adjust the window shades evenly all around Storage Racks for Tables and Chairs the to the point room where you the want ALDER'S IN PRICE QUALITY - HIGHEST LOW Salt Lake City 1343 South Main tiebacks. will get then You even them

Phone 7-1531 direct their inChapels Wards and may measuring. without E. Mrs. G., Grinnell, Dept., 47 to quiries the Purchasing Church

Iowa. East South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Please send me your free booklet entitled

Distributed and Displayed by "More Space for Living"IE-5.

After many "trial and error"attempts to NAME everyalmost from chewing remove gum H. INC. CO., W. TAYLOR Address,

the thing, I white found that of an St. 841301 So. State Phone egg 2378

will do the work very nicely. A. B., CleveSalt Lake City 15, Utah City State

land, Ohio. 100% L.D.S. Owned and Operated

MAY 1955 359 COMICS In The Tribune

For its instructive and wholesome cartoon features, The Salt Lake Tribune has received many appreciative letters and comments. Comics that glorify what is noble

in mankind—like Judge Parker, Mary Worth

and Joe Palooka, and comics of genuine universal amusement—like Blondie, Dennis

the Menace and They'll Do It Every

Time, find an appreciated place in The

Tribune. And comics that instruct - like

Lewis and Clark, The Old Glory Story,

Tales from the Great Book and True Life

Adventures—are in keeping with the Tribune's

purpose to serve its readers with wholesome and enlightening amusement through the cartoon medium. That is another reason

why One of America's Great Newspapers is Shepensat asnibblingshe contemplatedthe end of lasther

Everything accounts. month's C5P tt

to cost more than seemed so much before the war. James'salary was

ONE OF AMERICA'S GREAT NEWSPAPERS good, but entertaining cost so much

The Tie that Binds the Intermountain West more than she had anticipated. She

frowned and concentrated on the long list of expenditures. Food had certainly become a major item.

As he entered, his arms laden with bulky papers, James banged the door to the small study where his wife

It's Easy to Stack Up Your Dollars sat.

"Good morning, darling,"he said

WITH A kissing his wife's raised cheek, "I didn't think you would be up so early after last night's affair.

"I'm trying to do the monthly accounts, James. Since we've been in BOOK Washington, our expenses have quadrupled."

"Sounds bad,"her husband said cheerfully, "but you'll manage. You MONEY BANK

CONVENIENT... COMPACT always do. Incidentally I've asked

the ambassador from England to dinIt's the best way to START saving—and the best way to CONTINUE ner tonight so we can talk comsaving. And it's the EASY WAY - SAVE A LITTLE EVERY DAY! fortably about that trade agreement."

"No,"she said horrified, "I've can't."ASK US ABOUT IT nothing"This prepared.is important,We dear,"Jim

trailed from the room; "you'll manBesides, you're age I'm told somehow. ZION'S SAVINGS BANK hostess the most wonderful in Washington."& TRUST COMPANY The woman looked after her husband's retreating back with exasperated humor. James lived for his work

and his country. The details of everyDAVID O. McKAY, President day living were her responsibility.

South Temple & Main, Salt Lake City Usually she welcomed her duties. But

Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation such short notice! And she did pride

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ake your SALADS and SEAFOODS...

TheA mbassador Came to Dinner *>"

by Jerry Wooden Delicate seasoning, perfect consistency, exquisite taste—Tang has them all in

just the right balance to bring out more flavor in any food it touches! Next

SUMDRfSSlM timeperfecttrydressTangupanddressing!you'll agree: it's the

herself on her reputation as a hostess and her ability to give perfect dinners. She couldn't serve just anything.

She contemplated last month's food bills again and sighed. She would

have the joint of beef tonight and

Yorkshire pudding. The ambassador

would like that. But she would need

something special for dessert—something different that would be remembered and later talked about. A Enjoy these Nalley's foods too Lumberjack Syrup, Mayonnaise,

glance at the food bills again told her that dessert must be made from Chili, and Potato Chips milk and eggs as these were the only things on. the market, both plentiful

and cheap.

She began to hum a little tune, as she hurried to the kitchen. She liked There is a Difference in Bread

using her wits and ingenuity to create something different. She would Table Queen is

talk with the cook, and together they would prepare eggs and milk in a Rich in Milk new way. Each pound contains

Hours later, radiant in a yellow the nonfat solids of satin gown that had come from Paris, she sat at the foot of the huge table. cherrywood She noted the am- 7 OUNCES OF MILK &ft**

heartily. bassador ate Dessert was

served by Ephraim, resplendent in a this gives you the velvet coat with gilt buttons. She nutritional value fx

the watched ambassador, as he tasted of proteins and I v confection covered the smooth with fresh strawberries from the garden. calcium in milk. 1

The ambassador ate eagerly, and the woman relaxed. also Enriched

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY with Vitamins The ambassador leaned forward and spoke the length of the table. Salt Lake City Ogden and Iron

"This is uncommonly good, Ma'am.

May I ask what it is called?"

She saw the pleased expression on her husband's face. His dealings DRINK WALLPAPER PASTE

with the ambassador would undoubtMake it better—and a lot cheaper

regular Starch, your with Faultless successful. edly be ftcq A delightful starch. or a Use medium

for beverage hot "It's dish, ExYour American an solution starch as per hot those laundryheavy coffee. drink don't who All of package. instructions back on said quickcellency,"Dolly Madison

ly, "we call it iced cream."AT YOUR GROCERS grocery stores carry Faultless Starch.

MAY 1955 361 you can depend on KOLOB MEMBER,by EdithYWMIAF.GENERALShepherdBOARD

for complete protection Countless hazards threaten your home the familiar and wellloved play, volunteers were called for to serve every day. Loss from fire, theft and INOur Town, the stage manager in on a committee at school or church,—safe Be storm to you! can happen one of his philosophical comments I would offer my services. Once on local to review ask your Kolob Agent

your present policies for dangerous about the lives of the characters says the committee, I would work at it costly loopholes overlapping. and Let this: so faithfully that I would be wanted

to him show you how receive maximum protection at minimum premium cost. again. At school, I would find out

things in big awfully interested I'm how Call him today! teachers classmates from and what

.. is. it You're begin. know how You Over Agents 300 Kolob I to are clubs everyone, and open decisions; [young]. some make and you serving Utah, Idaho, Monjoin active clubs fun to have would been You've you're seventy. whisssh! then tana and backed Nevada by

strong stock companies. a lawyer for fifty years, and that white or to develop my special interests

—- Complete Lloyd's Facilities—haired lady at your side has eaten over and talents. If I were like most other

iifty thousand meals with you. How do young people, not lucky enough to be

things begin? (Thornton Wilder, Our such an elected student body officer, I Town.)

would look for some other student

If I were in my teens, I would know activities where a willing worker

Frank Salisbury, President that big things begin in little daily would be welcome; for example, I

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah habits and decisions. I would face would go to the sponsors of school

squarely the realization that the plan publications and ask how one might of life calls upon us to make our most get on the staff. Maybe I couldn't

significant and farreaching decisions be editor, but I could do something

PREFERRED in a few short years of youth. Knowtyping, securing advertisements, or

FOR HOME ing that I lacked the wisdom and even running errands. Maybe I

DEVOTIONAL artist couldn't be the the who created experience, from that come USE! judgment I could but Prom, cut crepe the have wisdom to Junior I hope I would

be proud of high ideals. Even in paper and hold the hammer. While

those years when I felt determined, it might not be my gift to be just sometimes rebelliously determined, to naturally cute or popular or to be a national's beI wouldindependenthave theandgoodmature,sense toI knowthink "bigly, willing,wheel,"andI woulddependabletry to beso friendthat I that the counsel of my parents, alwould earn a share in the activities

HOME REFERENCE BIBLE wa}< s given in love and based on of my group. Finally, I would find

in the King James (Authorized) Version experience, is worth listening to and and develop any talents I might have

Printed type, in "Crystal Clear"to activities use in the of the crowd a wealth with of reference mafollowing.

personality, strengthen to and my terial includes which Full Color Strengthened by idealism and lovto

Atlas, Bible Daily Readings, Register Family and other coning counsel I would make three deadd interest and zest to life.

this features, venient beautiful cisions to prepare me for the big My second decision would be to Bible is National an invaluable addition to the home. In 11 things of life. work and study hard. If I could be

enduring styles from $6.00 up. I would decide to have fun. I in my teens again, I know now that

would make a real effort to have an I should study harder than I ever did.

JlvfiPl active share in the life about me. I know now that though I may not

First, I would fight selfconscious be a "brain,"diligent and honest effort deliberate of to study security a with shyness would give me the bibles nationaluauviiai in in a satisfactory honest interest having myself of sucan degree AT LEADING BIBLE STORES forget activities and people about me. I cess in classwork; the respect of

NEED EXTRA MONEY wouldhabit of cultivateliking people,very ofearnestlybeing in-a teachersimportantandstill,otherthatstudents;as I feltandthemoredeFor Yourself or Organization terested in them, and of showing my light of new knowledge and keener

to Gifts and Quality Greeting CardsShow friendly interest a appreciations, your liking with and study would give to me profit. tofriends neighbors. Send and 50% Up

I afor to curiosity Price Free on Approval. a growing intellectual Then, Samples List and would manner. make

QUALITY SALES COMPANY further determined effort to be in keep me alert and interested, to widen

BOX 1344 OGDEN, UTAH the activities of young people. When my horizons, and to enrich my life.

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yes, I would study hard if I could be a young student again. I know

now that I could study better and TLow 9L 0jv Jo have fun, too, if I learned to manage time and to use it efficiently. And

so, in order to have my fun and my UTAH STATE scholastic success, I would learn the hard, hard lesson of the value of For a full quarter of Summer School time. I would budget the hours for in 1955. Numerous special courses;

study, for music lessons, for church, workshops, institutes, lyceums, lecfor activities. There would be time tures, and recreational events are

enough though I might miss a few listed. The detailed schedule is now

television shows. I would learn the ready. Send for your copy.

value of a little time: A fifteenmin-

ute bus ride is long enough for a memFamily Life Institute June 1314 ory work assignment. While the

class is getting settled, there is time REGULAR SUMMER QUARTERJUNE 13JULY 22 enough to review the lesson. SECOND SESSION - JULY 26AUGUST 26

As I advanced in work and study, FALL QUARTER REGISTRATION - SEPTEMBER 23

I would try honestly and fearlessly to learn that difficult lesson, know thyself. In this self knowledge I would UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

try to find the proper balance of my LOGAN, UTAH own capabilities, limitations, and ambitions. Then I could wisely direct

my work toward the realization of realistically planned goals for my lifetime. cision—toFinally, Ikeepwouldclosemaketo amythirdchurchdeand my home for help in forming the

patterns of right conduct, in choosing my intimate friends, and certainly in building a philosophy of life based on testimonv.J I think I would have -

moments of doubt, perhaps even turTHE TRUE ECONOMY moil of mind, as I struggled toward Forbeautytheof theunparalleledAuthorized OF LASTING SATISFACTION a firm faith. At such times, while I King James Version, and Leading churches all over

would not ignore the wisdom of for the unsurpassed qualAmerica's America offer testimony to ity nearly developed by of long true economyscientists their in philosophers Bible the and years of Gift three hundred satisfaclasting service and diliskilled give truth, forsearch seek I would Since tion, achieved as in Bodiform give an Oxford craftsmanship,Bible—and prayerfullygently for the meanand arfurniture, chancel pews, day. joy added to a happy

ing of life in the scriptures, in the chitectural woodwork, and study of the gospel, in the teachings At your booksellers $2. 1 5 to folding chairs by American

of the Church. I would seek to learn usSeatingin detailCompany.about Writeyour reto

of my immortal soul through the prinquirements.

ciples of religion rather than merely DEPARTMENT 1169 through reliance on my own waverAMERICAN SEATING COMPANY ing judgment ALLNEW or the scholarship and "BANQUETMASTER"THE N.W! 1955 MODEL 901 BroadwayWorld's N.LeaderW., Grandin PublicRapidsSeating2, Michigan

TABLE FOLDING of men.wisdom

Designed for today's beautiful

As I made my decisions to have CafesCfiMrches PrivateSchools Homes fun, to work and study, to seek the THE NEW guidance of home and church, I OTEL would know that whatever influence Proprietors:NextJ. Earlto L.D.S.Smith andTempleA.

kept me from wanting to pray was 10 Minutes from ReachesH. Burdick

an evil influence and that through Kitchenettes Available constant prayer I could gain the faith 10675 Santa MonicaOn HighwayBlvd., Los66 Angeies, Calif.

I would need—-faith in myself to live

and achieve worthily; in the essenHEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f

tial goodness of mankind as brothers d IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA and as children of God; and above all, YE KING'S REST MOTEL

since these other faiths are not 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET

B. Foutz, Harold Ownerenough, a sustaining faith in the inDr.

H. Foutz, Edgar Manager

finite wisdom and mercy of God. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

MAY 1955 363 the Past Witfll you taste Controlling(Continued from page 308) *<L witness. We may not ask A for B's

testimony—only B can speak for B,

and when Professor Shorey pompously entitles a book by himself What Tana Qheesemcln Plato Said he is officiously interposing his own person between Plato and the reader, offering himself, like Dutch/Treat an insinuating dragoman, as interpreter for one of the most marvelously articulate men who ever lived whether Plato wants him or not.

-*g* Only a perfect translation is ever acceptable as evidence in any situation, for if it is anything short of absolutely perfect, how can we be sure at any given moment that the translator has not slipped up? But

can there be a perfect translation?

How would it deal with double meanings and puns of which the ancients were so fond? Or how should it

writer no intention had of telling us? made with convey something which the original For the student of the past the great

value and charm of many a text lies in what it reveals without the author's knowledge, as when the terminology of the philosophers unconsciously reveals their social backgrounds and prejudices. The old

writings are like questionnaires which have been filled out by the subjects with sly intent to deceive, unaware as they are that their every word tells the skilled investigator something about themselves which they do not Timet Cats wish told. But a translation should

report, according to Wilamowitz, only what the translator thinks the

RECIPE: is, what & author had in mind, that

Spread split hotdog bun with butter long slice of dill pickle. Put top on he wanted to convey. This rule is

and mustard. Put in a long slice of roll. Cut in halves, then put together terribly confining, but it can't be

broken, for if a translator is allowed cheese, then a thick layer of chunkend-toend, Dutch bowtie fashion, to introduce into a writing what the style White Star Brand Tuna mixed with pickle in center, as in the picauthor neither had in mind nor said with mayonnaise and seasoned with ture. Garnish with strips of pimiento, in so many words, there is no limit

to what he might read into a text, pepper and onion salt; finish with a

setting forth as actual statements of the original what is to be detected only by an interpretation of clues.

The translator has no right to go

Look for the Blonde Mermaid beyond the writer's intent; but the

on the label for reader of an original is bound by no such obligation—there is no limit to America's largestselling tuna

the things that the text might legitimately convey to him. This is no

mere rationalization: the experience

of any teacher of the classics will confirm the observation, made with

AMERICA'S GREATEST NAMES IN SEA FOOD White Star Tuna; Chicken of the Sea Brand Frozen Tuna wonder and amazement by each sucPie, Frozen Tuna Dinner; Willapoint Brand Oysters, Oyster Stew. ceeding generation, that every readVan Camp Sea Food Company, Inc. - Terminal Island, California ing of an ancient author is a new

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA experience full of the most surprislated him in every age, to this day ing discoveries. the only readable Homer in English

Folly Number Three—The Substiis not poetry at all but prose—literaltute Flavor: The commonest objecly Homer with Homer left out!

tion to translations is that they lose Folly Number Four—the Illusion

much of the "flavor"of the original. of the Literal Translation: "He who

Though that is by no means the worst translates a verse quite literally is a charge against them, it is a serious liar,"is the rabbinical rule. 300 If two

one, for the "flavor"is not merely words in two different languages had weakened or denatured by translaexactly the same meaning in all contion, it is usually destroyed altogether, texts, then it would be possible to and in its place is submitted sometranslate the one by the other in any thing far different and almost always operation. But it is almost imposfar inferior. That is because the sible to find two words in any two

commonly translated works of anlanguages that have this perfect onetiquity are those of high literary toone relationship! Nothing could

merit, while the men who do the be more obvious than that the Latin will save us translating are almost always those "in"for example, is the same as our $4000.00

of low literary gifts. There is a sayword "in"; yet at least half the time per year!"

is translate is it the to impossible translation thating in England large firm* one A a Georgia two industrialmade trans- a literal refuge. the other. For scholar's "in"bythe lazy The more test of Mosinee inmonths

feeble, unoriginal, and unenterprising lation every word in one language TurnTowlstowel serviceagainstthey hadthe the mind, the more easily and naturalwould require a word that matched beenthe testusing.showedResultsthatof

ly it falls into the vice of simply it perfectly in the other. But the TurnTowlspaper towel wouldcosts cutin

translating the text that it has been meanings of words in different lanhalf. Naturally, Turntaught to construe since childhood. guages do not coincide snugly; they Towlsthroughoutwere theinstalledplant.

Thus most translations are made by only overlap loosely in limited areas; *Name on request.

the last men in the world who should for example, "to follow"may mean to to to to pursue, accompany, allowedbe undermake them—academic CO. PAPER & SUPPLY AMERICAN

to text in a stilted another, stand the to render succeed,drones come who Street Second West 444 S.

and artificial classroom jargon no after, to chase, to obey another, etc. Salt Lake City, Utah

matter who is speaking in it. All these ideas overlap with the idea

The verses which a translator puts of following. So when a recently

down in and under the name of a found ancient Christian manuscript great poet can never be greater than says that miracles come after faith, his own verses would be. True, he and are not meant for the unbelievmay be working under the powerful ing, it is an easy thing for the modern

and constant stimulation of the gloritranslator to take the sting out of the ENDIC0TT CHURCH FURNITURE ous page at his elbow; but the expassage by rendering "come after"and

CUSHI0NEZE PEWS (tahat) in because as "accompany,"original, of the ample and inspiration 101 cases If it can mean that. the unconsome while they may give him

trollable urge to compose matchless he is taken to task for the obvious poetry, can, alas! never give him the perversion of the meaning, the transSee II

Buy! Before You lator point need only with wideeyed If it could, ability to America do so.

out how Find dictionary, to the innocence where, imdelivery produced Endicott's have as manywould mortal bards as it has professors of sure enough, "follow"does mean savesand installationyou moneyservice WriteDept.Tor!"vZ4

English. "accompany."Because words only

overlap the in meaning, FURNITURE most "litENDICOTT CHURCH defect if dullness is a But common LAKE INDIANA WINONA eral"translation be completely can of translators, genius be a even can danger. For if it is unfair of a transmisleading.

lator to do a worse job than the (To he continued)

it is original unfair poet, and both FILMS CHOICE BIBLIOGRAPHY

L.D.S. for showings l.D.S. people By

of to a better! unkind The do him

'M. Schanz, der Gesch. romischen Litis for translator solution the only OLIVER COWDERY to teratur IV, (Munich, 1914), 543L

dramatization color sound min. 45 16mm more, as great a no be just "/ft/: Lit. 3-5. Bihl 70 (1951), poet-—no life. pp. in his educational highlights Very and

S4 J. Bligh, in Church Quarterly Review entertaining. less—as the man he is translating. of

310. CLIII (1952), of ever that the chances And what are THE CHOICE LAND Peter Lombard,

film result if it did, min. Sententiae I, V, 8 in 30 dramatizing the sound 16mm happening? And

Patrol. 537. Lat. CXCII, with of the Americas Story Book of Mormonthe

would be not two versions of the same WF. Schindler, in Koeniger, Beitr, zur history as theme. poem, but simply two poets writing Gesch. des christl. Altertums, p. 432. Reasonable rental—Also hundreds

on the same theme. Homer was to S7A. Lunn and J. B. S. Haldane, Science of other films to choose from

the Greeks and all who followed the and the Supernatural (N. Y.: Sheed & Ward, For full information, write or call

poet, the greatest master of poetic 1935), p. 51.

Denzinger, Enchiridion Symbolorum, "H.

has known. the world language 54 PostHILLAM'SOffice Place Salt Lake City, Utah 1530-2, 1602-8, 142932, etc. 67, Yet Nos.

Phone 3-5417 read and transhave though poets (Continued page) on following

MAY 1955 365 $35,000 CONTROLLING THE PAST

of "in Stick preceding the (Continued page) Improvement Joseph, from The REWARD J8b($ 1953.) through Vol. 56 (January in C. May by G. Coulton Hibbert Era, soQuoted FOR iJf 2

Journal (Jan. p. 336. of 1921), ancient independence farmers XXIX The

"M. in Leclercq, is d'Arch. the Diet. illustrated calendars Chret. written the in well fyURANIUM et on Liturg., VI, de 2689. For the where, performexample, Talmud

ritual History Wulf, ritual Philosacts of the length M. or ance of De of Medieval

n. 4. II, 7, cerperiods is determined the time by to Here's when chance in!"your "cash $2,500,000 Over

for paid Bonuses been have ophy!>2 I. (1926), fall, Goldzieher, Vorlesungen certain ilber den tain leaves plants turn when

in discoveries past the years. Currently 2 inURANIUMGovernment

etc.; (Heidelberg, dry, ripe, Islam are p. 43. grapes winter 1925), when is just to like you. paid $150,000 a month people

Precision Geiger Counters and Scintillators are B:sIbid., p. 44. houses are rented "until the second rain

finest instruments the prospectmade for URANIUM ing. These highly sensitive instruments are compact, mA. Bayet, Les Provenciales de Pascal falls,"Sebiith ix. Indeed Childe admits

lightweight and ruggedly built for field use. Prices (Malfere, 1931), p. 90. that the first set calendar, that of the Egypstart at $29.95.!r,Lunn & Haldane, op. cit., p. 94. tians, "was patently useless for just the

DEALER YOUR NEAREST CONTACT is belief for purpose Childe, held 0liThis by V. G. New

direct to factory or write (op. cit., Y.: the Light (N. East Ancient on Most for 12PAGE FREE CATA- p. 3.)—anotherwhich it hadway beenof sayingdevised,"that

LOG, it Praeger, econthough where business 1953), must have been devised for some other and URANIUMdescribing it purpose. writing to produce or even use omy fails detectors. Metal

when it is known, he overlooks the anomaly. 9:'A. Gardiner, Egyptian Grammar, p. 1.

RECISION RADIATION INSTRUMENTS, INC. "There is no evidence that the local kings ]00Stenning, Targum of Isaiah, p. ix.

So. La Brea, Los '1272235 IE 16, California Angeles A. Perier, felt of clerks to look after their Les des the need Canons I01 J. &

WORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURER RADIATION OF PORTABLE INSTRUMENTS xlviii, Apotres'(Texte Arabe), Can. 217.) revenues."(p. in PaKSee our series, "The Stick of Judah and trol. Oriental. VIII, 623.

mowvoe FOLDING THESE TIMES BANQUET (Continued from page 290) and operators using the national highTABLES allocated for construction and mainteway system and traffic moving in internance of "state"and local roads, as state commerce thereon, and, to coDirect Prices & distinguished from the new "national"operate with the state authorities.

Discounts to designated highways. This would perTraffic offenses in interstate comChurches, Schools, mit the construction of the many urban merce on the national highways, so

and all Institutions thruways and parkways, the purely designated, would be enforceable by state, county, farmto-market, other urprosecution in existing local and state ban and rural projects now needed and courts.

to be anticipated in the future; also

TRUCKS #4 sysProposition trunk to the national connections storingMONROE easy wayTables Forthe research provision adequate for More its bypasses. modernFoldingtables handles and truck tem EachandConstruestorageChairs chairs.permits No. TSCOf Storage Transport to evaluin order established be should of eitherTruckspace. tionin limited volcontinuation of the present The Truck No. TS

properly ate the data available under inquiries to direct their Units Church may aid, of federal readjusted to nonthe ume 4 7 East Purchasing Department, Church this this important phase of plan. An Salt Temple, South Lake 1, Utah. City the national needs within highway

highresearch harmonize would be to states extremely imthemselves, is an W0Vl>lO. THE COMPANY fiscal requirements, way construction, 249 It alSTREET, COLFAX, consideration. CHURCH portant will help

leviate the urban, metropolitan traffic safety, and safety regulation without problem. It will provide the fiscal basis restricting the creative spirit, the refor important safety, as well as for comsourcefulness, enterprise, and invenis that and repembodied

resented in the automobile American Your Bookdealer now has.. municationhighway construction.factors in stateIt willandtendlocalto tiveness

readjust the role of the states in the industry. Here, as in every phase of

federal system by removing some of the American life, public interest must be frustrations now associated with the reconciled with the recognition of the federalstate highway system. In that, creative spirit of the free individual and

it will help close the existing gap. freedom of enterprise. Research, and

collaboration in research, between inSelections from the Proposition #3 dustry and the governmental authoriDiscourses of The traffic toll is a compoundof huties concerned, is the surest and soundthis reconciliation. The est way to effect highways, failures, inadequate and PRESIDENT man family and schools must apAmerican speeds. excessive of A combination DAVID O. McKAY proaches is necessary to reduce this toll. assume their full share of the respon584 Pages $4.00 With the establishment of the "nasibility for applying the knowledge

tional"highway system, it will be obtained to the problems of human benecessary to reconcile the new, swift havior on the highways.

streams of traffic with the demands for

Summary GRAND PIANOS safety. A National Traffic Safety Patrol, reWe have the engineering talent and

Save half the price of a new cruited and trained comparable to FBI knowhow to build the best, safest highinstrument with one of our standards, could be created in the Pubways in the world, provided we find the

Rebuilt Grands lic Roads Administration. Their refinancial resources. It might be asked

JENNINGS MUSIC CO. sponsibility would be to develop safety whether the states can longer be relied

28 East 1st South Salt Lake City standards for the licensing of vehicles upon to supply this peculiar national 366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA need. The population boom has only

begun! For the national governmentto assume the responsibility for one SUMMER QUARTER

ofphase our roads—the 6 June MONDAY,tional"interstate June 20) also accepted June 13 and system—couldpurely be"na-a Begins(Registrations

better form of federalaid to educaThere are excellent opportunities today for PROFESSIONALLYtion than grantsin-aid and would inTRAINED office workers.

College thorough training Business offers L.D.S. statesure and local control of that

in variety a of subjects.

obligation.important k Simplified Gregg Shorthand

Perhaps we can properly turn our reif Hy - Speed Longhand (no k IBM Keypunch and Bank

Proof extra charge)sources T*r other Subjects Electric & Standard Type- k Manyat home—andto an importanthelp producedollarthe"gap"safe writing

and adequate highways American life requires. statements, foregoing The may

Send for are repeated,it be again not advocated KIT YOURas a desirable program. They are preof helpful BUSINESS COLLEGE

sented merely as a device for stimulating information BRANCH OF BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY interest in and concern for a major 70 North Main—3-2765—Salt Lake City

domestic problem of the United States. TO: L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

The role of the national government 70 North Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send mehas candidly, been, to speak purposely

Careers, Business How yourTo BeKITA Superof helpfulSecretary,informationand othercontaininginformation.Ways To Improve Personality,

in thisoveremphasized "daydreaming."

What are the alternatives? This is one Name

of the challenges of these times. Address

City State.

MASTER M MAN BREAKFAST June 11, 1955

breakfast, a gloriThe Master M Man ous annual affair held for and in honor of all men who have achieved the ffrtfosMaster M Man award, will be held CAN'T BE again in 1955 as part of the June Conference program. BEAT FOR. A TRULY KRISP

Scheduled for the Roof Garden of the

Hotel Utah on Saturday morning, June fiND TENDER 11, 1955, at 6:45 a.m., it will cost $2.25. LUNC+I All Master M Men are urged to attend, and reservations must be made in

advance. Please write to Master M Man Breakfast Committee, YMMIA General BOX

Office, 50 North Main, Salt Lake City 1, Utah, by June 1, 1955.

If you wish, you may send the money in with your reservation; if you wish to

pay at the breakfast, you may indicate GOLDEN CHIPS OF CORN that. In addition send the year you received your Master M Man award.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS MY WEALTH Do You Save Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

By H. H. Ramsay sore throat and other minor mouth

TV/Iy wealth is not in silver and gold and throat irritations. But in a purer and finer expression of Your Eras?

soul. gems, the precious horde day I by HALL'S Day REMEDY life's o'er their coffers brims. A 3c stamp sent great Filling City. Utah Salt Lake

With the passing of the fleeting hours, to

My wealth brings to me unbounded powers,

For I'm sure to invest its increasing toll

With the better elements of a living soul. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.. North E D Main 50 FFER

I selfishly hide away not wealth would My COMPLETE it play; or City Salt in freely 1, Utah A Lake give work back But

SERVICE ENGRAVING of spirit It's of the the saving humankind to Portraits Missionary the Largest From Beckoning men the better things of life to find. will bring you an Catalogues.

Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given

defile, priceless can wealth noneMy child, of a smile it sacred is the For ANNUAL INDEX 1954 113 RegentUTAHSt. ENGRAVINGSalt Lake CO.City, Utah fine, so ardor freely so and with Given

For one that a moment before was mine.

MAY 1955 367 Your Page

A MIA MAID "ONE HUNDRED PERCENTER'the Era and the magazine is exchanged among the fellows out here. We are very appreciative of the guidance and instruction

UBMmM we gain from its pages. It is an inspiration and blessing out

;:v:;:s:.:;;-;;>:;;; home.

Again we say thank you and may the Lord bless you always of in this glorious work. Maid Rae Anderson Mia Sincerely, the Benjamin Ward,

Nebo (Utah) Stake, has an /s/ Mr. and Mrs. Lyle Barton and

enviable Church record Daughter Sherry.

one hundred percent attendance for the last four years at sacrament meeting, Ogden, Utah

Sunday School, and MuDear Editors:

tual. Reported by Virginia J felt I should write you a word of thanks for The Improvement De Hart, Nebo Stake YW * Era. It helps in so many ways. At the present time I especialMIA Pres. ly want to thank you for the series of articles entitled "If I Were

in My Teens."My Sunday School girls (age 13) are very much

interested in the "right things to do,"and in the spare time after the lesson, I have read these articles to them. They are most

appreciative. Give us as much of this type of information as

Rae Anderson possible.

Sincerely, L D S YOUTH ACHIEVES /s/ Cozette Hirschi

John V. Riggs, a member Three Forks, Montana

of the Phoenix (Arizona) Dear Editors:

Fifth Ward, is the secretary HPhe March issue of The Improvement Era received. Thanks for

of priests'his quorum, and -*- extra copy. the

president of the freshmen skilful of the material arrangement comprising the Part I of The class at College, Phoenix of story reflects Harris as published the discerning Martin judgbeing in a letterman baseof staff. editorial the ment of that information The incorporation

there, ball as well as being concerning the Witnesses, original in not contained Three the a of the member Men M instructive manuscript, is highly appropriate and a and makes basketball in the team better introduction.

Fifth Phoenix Ward. He well anticipate pleased and with great interest the I am indeed

active was durin seminary publication story. of the remainder of the

ing his high school days, and is taking an active part Very respectfully, in the Institute of Religion /s/ William H. Homer, Jr.

now. He has a near "A"

average in his college work.

Bar Harbor, Maine John V. Riggs Dear Editors:

I"find The Improvement Era magazine a very wonderful maga- * zine to have in our home, it has so many wonderful teachings to help us to live the gospel. And, it keeps us informed in how

Sasebo, Japan our Church is growing and the temples and chapels that are being

Dear Brethren, built, and I think the "Spoken Word"by Richard L. Evans is

should like to take this opportunity to thank you for The wonderful, too, and the Melchizedek Priesthood and the Presiding is It page. guide a wonderful to help us to live the Era, to Improvement our comes from Bishopric's which month home

gospel.Felders'the as First of the City a family quorum Cedar Ward. eachWe

of the guide in Lord for bless and your you May the spirit worklook forward to receiving of being It is a it each month. means

at home while faraway. Many wonderful hours are spent in the Lord. Amen.

reading it and we have gained much from its stories and spiritual Sincerely, guidance. The Sasebo Group out here often mention articles from /s/ Mrs. Clarence B. Stanley

SERVICEMEN AT FORD ORD, CALIFORNIA /VfE"Picturedof the aregroups(kneeling,of LDSleftservicemento right): atMorrisFort Ord,K. Christiansen,California.

Elsinore, Utah; William G. McFarland, Logan, Utah; Larry E.

Hancock, Pocatello, Idaho. Standing: Gerald N. Randall, North

Ogden, Utah; T. Bates Westerberg, St. Anthony, Idaho; Elmo G.

Bert Evanston,Matthews, Logan, L. Brown, Utah. and Wyoming;

picture, they the the 'absent from work in who isWith Jim Sill,

Finance and Accounting Office. Six of the group have attended

Brigham Young University, the other two have attended Utah

State Agricultural College. Five of the eight are returned missionaries.

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w&AnaMusZ& vvwhsu* Jhb co&sxA ot

Cafe skirt made from cafe curtains... a "Fashion Color Recipe"with

dramatic effect. Loop cord belt

through the brass curtain rings. Wear over skirt,

petticoat or trousers.

.

TYPICAL LAW OFFICE SCENE IN 1905

e/cmff/m..

Office decor has changed somewhat, as have clothing styles, but to all outward appearances the practice of law has changed Our General Agents little in the past fifty years. However, the lawyer of today must Phil D. Jensen, C.L.U., have a far broader knowledge of his profession—as well as intenheads the Central Utah

sive training in his specialty. Insurance law is a good example. agency, with main ofEvery new Beneficial Life program—like our popular "Planned fices18 agentsat Provo,locatedand within

Fork, Provo, American Futures"—is worked out carefully in consultation with our Pleasant Grove, Orem, specially trained legal counselors. The two professions—insurance Springville, Nephi,

Roosevelt, Blandlaw and since they both depend in common, high Delta, upon—have much

ing, Fork, Spanish integrity, ethical in standards, looking and professional knowledge Huntington and Ephraafter your interests. IrT

Marion H. Hill heads

the Sacramento Valley Agency, with 12 BeneLife agents loBENEFICIAL LIFE ficial cated in Sacramento, 'Mtiitmce ompa/iu Vallejo,Carmichael,Fairfield,Fair WestOaks, wood, Uba City, and David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah Oroville.