HI CHAUI);E TIEUS

13 I? I TtHa.M CITY U

8IMPROVEMENT EK4

MAY, 1925

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOC!*

TIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OFw

LATTERDAY SAINTS ww'*'w PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YMJUA SALT LAKE CITY UTAH substitute for Life Insurance No can be found until you find a Remedy for Death

Our modern upto-date contracts afford complete protection.

Our insurance in force including the Double Indemnity feature has passed the $32,500,000 mark.

Our Premiums and Interest Income now total between

SEVEN AND EIGHT HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS

PER ANNUM

InterMountain Life Insurance Company

J. O. CARTER, President

Home Office, Twelfth Floor Continental Bank Building Salt Lake City, Utah

NEW GARMENTS The "Temple Brand"Garments are handled only by your leading merchants. We make a Variety of Grades and Weights to meet every requirement,

with strings and buttons, long or short sleeves and legs as you want them according to seasonable desires. Samples submitted on request.

For Ladies For Men Lisle 2.50 No. 975—Med. Heavy Weight 2.25

To insure a good fit give bust measure, height, and weight, specify whether garments are for men or women and state whether long sleeves ankle length or short sleeves three quarter legs are desired. Garments marked 15c pair

extra. We prepay postage to all parts of United States.

Oldest Knitting Store in Utah

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE, 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Faith, Hope and Charity

"And now abideth Faith, Hope and Charity, these three;

but the greatest of these is Cor. 13:13. Charity."—I

There are three attributes of God

That make our earth a better place;

And all who in life's paths have trod

Have known sometimes their saving grace.

Their names are Faith and Hope and Love,

Of these all hearts some share possess,

And like all things from heav'n above,

Are sent to comfort and to bless.

True Faith gives an assuring hope,

And evidence of joys unseen, And. as through life our way we grope,

It keeps the distant hilltops green,

The solid rock on which we build

Our future hopes with every breath,

Is just an honest heart wellfilled

With loving trust and simple Faith.

Hope plays in life a happy part,

And keeps the skies serene and fair;

Where hope is ever in the heart,

There is no room for dull despair.

To tired hearts she softly sings,

And, like the new morn's golden ray,

To sad despairing hearts she brings,

Glad visions of a brighter day.

And Charity, that greatest gift,

That fills the world with happy hearts.

Is true, unselfish, kind and swift

To heal the wounds of anger's darts;

Her arms are ever open wide, Her smile is ever kindly giv'n,

And where doth Charity abide, There may be seen a glimpse of heaven.

This trinity of glorious truth,

Of Faith, and Hope and Charity,

Gives to the world perpetual youth,

And fills all hearts with ecstasy,

Oh may the Giver of all Light,

Who showers His blessings from above,

All people on this earth unite

In perfect Faith, and Hope and Love.

Sydney, Australia. HENRY C. DEWlTT.

THREE SCENES IN PROVO, UTAH Top: Mt. Timpanogos, from Provo Bench; Center: The new Columbia Steel Co.

plant; bottom: The City and County Building

Improvement Era

Vol. XXVIII MAY, 1925 No. 7

THE RIDDLE OF THE CENTURIES

By Dr. J. E. Greaves

There are probably few individuals who have lived to the age of understanding without asking, at least themselves, the questions:

What is life? From whence does it come, and how does the living differ from the lifeless? These have been the riddles of the centuries.

The philosophers have pondered over them. The scientists have

taken their laboratories in an endeavor to wring from Nature an answer. From the very dawn of history we find that all mankind

have concerned themselves with these momentous questions, and today some will say that they are no nearer being solved than when primitive man strolled from his cave, club in hand, to slay the living that by so doing he might live. Be this as it may, contrary to the

belief of many the search has yielded a harvest rich in very deed.

It is the history of this harvest and some of its fruits which we wish to briefly examine.

The race is like the child in that during the early stages of development the imagination is the predominating instinct. Hence, we

find the first descriptions of the origin of life highly imaginative.

The Greeks looked on the Goddess of Gea as the mother of mankind. In their glorious mythology they picture men and women as springing into life from the stones cast on her. The Celts

have pictured the soil as peopled with gnomes and pixies, friends or enemies of mankind.

Many ancient writers fancifully portrayed the transforming of dead into living matter. The Greek philosophers taught it, Aristotle

wrote, "Animals sometimes arise, in soil, in plants, or in other animals.

Three centuries later Ovid, in his dissertation on the Pythagorean philosophy, defends the doctrine of spontaneous generation, while Virgil in the Georgics gives directions for the artifical production of bees.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October i, 1917, authorized on July 2. 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 406. Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

622 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Paracelsus (14931541), the Swiss medical philosopher who greatly confused fact and fancy, gives instructions for the making of homunculi. Certain substances are to be placed in a bottle; the bottle

is well stoppered and buried in a manure heap. Everyday certain

incantations must be pronounced over the bottle. In time, so

Paracelsus declares, a small living human being (homunculus) will appear in the bottle. However, he naively admits that he has never

succeeded in keeping the homunculus alive after it is taken from the bottle. Kircher even goes a step further and describes and even

pictures certain animals which he claims were spontaneously produced before his eyes through the influence of water on fragments of plants.

Cardano (150171) taught that water gave rise to fish and animals and that it was the cause of fermentation.

As late as the sixteenth century a famous chemist and physicist,

Van Helmont, stated that mice can be generated spontaneously by placing some dirty rags together with a few grains of wheat or a piece of cheese in a dark place. Today the same philosopher's method

of producing scorpions is amusing. "Scoop out a hole in a brick,

put into it some sweet basil. Lay a second brick upon the first

so that the hole may be imperfectly covered. Expose the two bricks

to the sun and at the end of a few days the smell of the sweet basil, acting as ferment, will change the herb into a real scorpion."

An Italian, Bononani, tells of a wonderful transformation which he claims to have witnessed. Rotten timber which he rescued from the

sea produced worms; these gave rise to butterflies; and, strangest of

all, the butterflies became birds and flew away. Gradually these

gortesque, fanciful opinions concerning spontaneous generation were abandoned and it was believed that only lower plants and animals, seaweeds, algae, lichens, lice, mites, and maggots, could develop without parents. Even today we can find fairly intelligent individuals

who believe that mites and lice can develop without parents and that the hair from the tail or mane of a horse will change into a worm or snake if placed in water, and exposed to light and warmth.

Everyone took it as a selfevident fact that maggots originated spontaneously from decomposing meat, or cheese, until an Italian poet and physician, Redi (162698), took the simple precaution of screening the mouth of jars containing meat so that flies could not enter. They were attracted by the odor and deposited their eggs on

the gauze, and it was from these that the socalled "worms"arose.

By the middle of the sixteenth century the theory of the spontaneous generation of mice, scorpions, and maggots had been proven untenable. But at this time Leuwenhoek discovered various

living moving animalcules in raindrops, saliva, and many putrefying substances. Then all were sure there had been discovered the origin of

life. For anyone provided with this new instrument, the microscope,

could easily demonstrate for himself the spontaneous generation of

THE RIDDLE OF THE CENTURIES 623

microscopic eels in vinegar or produce myriads of different and interesting living creatures in simple infusions of hay or other organic material.

Needham, a Catholic priest, in 1745, placed decaying organic matter in a closed vessel. This he placed on hot ashes to destroy any

existing life. On examining the contents of the vessel after a time,

he found microorganisms which were not there in the beginning.

From this he evolved his theory that a force called "productive"or "vegetative"existed which was responsible for the formation of organized beings. The great naturalist, Buffon, elaborated the theory

that there were certain unchangeable parts common to all living creatures. After death these ultimate constituents were supposed to be

set free and become very active until with one another and still other particles they gave rise to swarms of microscopic living creatures.

In 1769 Spallanzani repeated the work of Needham. He boiled

the material for one hour and kept it in hermetically sealed flasks.

He wrote, "I used hermetically sealed vessels. I kept them for one

hour in boiling water, and after opening and examining their contents, after a reasonable interval, I found not the slightest trace of animalcules, though I had examined the infusion from nineteen different vessels."

But the believers in the theory of spontaneous generation were not convinced, as they claimed that boiling had altered the character of the infusion so it became unfit for the production of life. Voltaire,

with his characteristic satire, took up the fight at this point and ridiculed the operations of the English clergy "who had engendered eels in the gravy of boiled mutton"and wittily remarked: "It is

strange that men should deny a creator and yet attribute to themselves the power of creating eels."This, however, was a controversy

to be settled not by ridicule but by experimental evidence.

Spallanzani answered their objections by cracking one of the flasks

Air entered and decay immediately set in. Even this was not sufficient

to overthrow an agelong belief. The abiogenist argued "the sealing

of the flask excludes air, and the oxygen or air is essential for the generation of life."

This objection was answered by the work of many an ingenious investigator. Schulze, in 1836, passed air through strong acids and

then into boiled infusions and failed to find life even after the infusion had stood some time. Schwann passed the air through highly heated

tubes with the same results. To this the argument of the opponents

was, heat and chemicals so alter the physical and chemical composition of the air that it is unable to engender life. The work of Shroeder and

Dusch (1853) was more convincing, for they found that it is sufficient to use cotton stoppers in bottles containing heated milk, meat, and other perishable substances and they will keep indefinitely.

Since the dawn of history man has been interested in the wonderful process of fermentation, and although many an ingenious theory 624 IMPROVEMENT ERA

has been evolved to explain it, little more than theory existed until the classic works of Pasteur on fermentation appeared about 183 7.

He taught that all forms of fermentation are due to the action of organized microscopic cells. Helmholtz and Liebig opposed this idea.

The latter even scoffed at such an idea, writing: "Those who pretend

that the putrefaction of animal substances is due to the presence of microorganisms reason very much like a child who would explain the rapidity of the Rhine by attributing it to the violent motions imparted to it in the direction of Burgen by the numerous wheels of the mills of Venice."However, the carefully planned experiments

of Pasteur soon demonstrated that without microorganisms there would be no fermentation, no putrefaction, no decay of any kind, except by the slow process of oxidation.

If there were any doubts left in the minds of the scientists as to the fallacy of the theory of spontaneous generation after the work of Pasteur, they were dispelled by the work of Tyndall. He demonstrated that in an atmosphere devoid of dust, as on the tops of mountains and ingeniously constructed boxes used by him, perishable substances, if sterile, when placed in such an atmosphere, will keep for

an indefinite period.

Thus was established the principle that life springs only from life.

From the viewpoint of the welfare of the human race the most momentous discovery made by man, for on it is reared those three sciences which have done so much to prevent, alleviate, and cure human pathology, and surgery. ills—bacteriology,

Having received from Nature the dictum that life springs only from life, the scientist has come to divide objects on the surface of the earth into two great living and the lifeless. The former classes—the

possess certain characteristics which are not possessed by the latter.

These properties are movement, growth, reproduction, respiration, and irritability. It is to a study of these that the scientist has turned

his attention during the last quarter of a century.

Lifeless matter often manifests movement. A rock, cut from

the side of a mountain, rolls into the valley below. Movement is

due to position. The migration of the ameba may be

closely imitated with a drop of cloroform placed in water on a superficially hardened shellac surface. A marked surface

tension develops between the chloroform, the water, and the moist shellac layer; soon the chloroform and shellac commence to

be moistened at some point, and at this point the surface tension of the chloroform is lowered and it seeks to spread itself out. By various

modifications of this method one can imitate the chasing of small ameba by larger ones, the taking up of food and very many interesting life phenomena. In all these imitations, however, it is to be noted

that the impelling factor comes from without; whereas, in the living

cell it comes from within. This may manifest itself as the change

THE RIDDLE OF THE CENTURIES 625

of position on the earth's surface as in the case of the animal or the internal protoplasmatic movements of the plant cells. While much

of this may be due to osmotic changes of the protoplasm yet the energy comes from the food and in this the law of the conservation of energy has been found to rigidly hold. From it we are learning

that the efficient engines for the transformation of energy are not manmade but the natural living cells. And although in this respect the

body of man is wonderful, yet the little firefly we observe darting about on a dark summer evening is probably the most wonderful dynamo in existence.

Growth, yes lifeless material grows, as even the young boy understands as he rolls his snow man. A lump of copper sulphate

thrown into a dilute solution of potassium ferrocyanide soon develops a brown envelope which throws out upwardgrowing runners, and in half an hour's time the fluid is filled with figures which vividly recall both the shapes and color of the seaweed. The weight of the resulting artificial plants may be 150 times that of the original copper sulphate.

We all know that a crystal placed in the mother liquid grows. This

has been likened unto the growth of the living organism, but only a moment's thought is necessary to show that the likeness is only superficial. Crystals grow by the addition of a like material, whereas the

living cell takes dissimilar substances and transforms them into another tissue.material—living

Inasmuch as growth viewed from the physiological viewpoint consists of the transforming of unorganized food stuffs into new chemical entities which constitute the organized protoplasm of the animal, it is evident that the living organism must have food. It is but

a short time since the rule was that the food of man should contain carbohydrates, fats, proteins, and water. Ash was looked upon more

as an impurity which was tolerated but not essential until it was found that an animal on such a diet died sooner than another receiving only water. Ash then was found essential not alone as building material but as a regulator of body processes, and some even claim that

life phenomena function even more through the mineral elements than through the organic. Today we know that a diet consisting of carbohydrates, fats, proteins, ash, and water will not maintain growth

unless the growth promotion Vitamin 5 is present, and even then for only a short time unless the regulatory Vitamins A and C are also included in the diet. Nor is the kind of protein without

significance. The growthpromoting lysine and the regulatory tryptophane must be contained within their molecule.

The diet may meet all these requirements and still there be no growth even in the young animal, or when there is growth it may be abnormal as in the case of rickets where there is a defective parathyroid or a lack of Vitamin D and thus is the myxoedemic condition which results when there is underactivity of the thyroid.

626. IMPROVEMENT ERA

The results which have been obtained in transforming the cretin into a normal individual is a metamorphosis as wonderful as the transforming of the tadpole into the frog. Gudermatsch made the remarkable discovery that even this metamorphosis, which in our

climate usually occurs during the third or fourth month of life of the tadpole, can be brought about at will even in the youngest tadpoles by feeding them thyroid matter from what animal. By gland—no

feeding very young tadpoles with this substance frogs no larger than a fly can be produced. Allen added the observation that if a

young tadpole is deprived of its thyroid gland it is unable ever to become a frog, and it remains a tadpole which, however, can reach a long life and continue to grow beyond the usual size of the tadpole.

However, when such abnormal tadpoles are fed with thyroid they promptly undergo metamorphosis. Similarly the thyroxin governs the

form and rate of growth in man.

The size which the individual reaches is not alone determined by inheritance and the food received, but also by the activity of the pituitary gland. For today in animal experiments there is produced

at will the giant or the pygmy by the use of tethelin which not only increases the size but also lengthens the life of the animal. These

discoveries have placed in the hands of the dietitian and physician weapons against abnormalities of growth in stature and in mind which in the age of mythology were attributed only to the gods.

In man there are periods of rapid growth followed by quiescent periods. These are three in number, each beginning with a period

of relatively slow growth followed by a period of very rapid growth and culminating with the termination of the cycle in a period of slackening growth again. In the case of the first two cycles this

slackening of growth is followed by a fresh spurt of acceleration due to the succeeding cycle. The first cycle closes toward the end of the

first year the second about the sixth year, and the third at maturity..

It has been recently shown by Robertson that these cycles of growth obey the equation of an autocatalyzed monomolecular reaction.

The third characteristic of the living, and the only property it is certain that some of the simpler organisms too possess—organisms

small to be seen with even the most powerful that of microscope—is

reproduction.

Although the morphological changes occurring in multiplication have long been studied, it is only recently that successful attempts have been made to study the first stage in reproduction—fertilization.

The work of Loeb on the egg of the sea urchin or frog has demonstrated that they may be successfully fertilized by treating first with a dilute solution of butyric acid and then with hypertonic sea water.

When thus treated the unfertilized egg develops into the adult possessing maternal characteristics. This called forth from the laity the

statement that life had been created, but the answer from the scientist

THE RIDDLE OF THE CENTURIES 627

came, "No; life has not been created. There has only been arrested

a chemical process which has its origin with the origin of the cell and which ultimately ends in the death of the organism."To test this

proposition the unfertilized cell was treated with anticeptics strong enough to retard enzymic action but not strong enough to kill the cell, and then even the unfertilized cell developed for some time.

Moreover, Loeb found that the duration of life, barring accidents and bacteria in the metazoa, is inversely proportional to the temperature at which the animal is living. Decrease the temperature ten degrees

and one doubles or trebles the length of life.

If certain saltwater fish be placed in a solution of common salt having the same osmotic pressure as has sea water the fish soon die. Death in this case is not due to a lack of food, as a similar fish

placed in distilled water lives for some time. Now, if a small

quantity of calcium chloride had been added to the first solution the fish would have lived. Moreover, if the heart be removed from the

body of an animal and placed in a salt solution it soon dies, but if small quantities of calcium salts be present the heart beats normally.

Now, the tissues of the animal are all bathed during health in a solution having a balanced composition, but in diseases this concentration is changed. Hence, we have abnormal function, or even

death. This plays a part in many nervous disorders. Probably it

is often the prime factor in corea, or even some tumorous growths may have their origin in some such fashion. Moreover, this discovery explains the action of many of the common cathartics on the

human organism. Inasmuch as they are calcium precipitant, they

leave an unbalanced condition in the the inprotoplasm—hence,

creased muscular contractions.

The same laws hold in the unicellular and multicellular plants, that is, there must be not only sufficient mineral food but it must be in the right proportion. Hence, when viewed by themselves the experiments on the fertilization of the egg appear trivial, but from them

has been developed this fundamental law: "Normal life is possible

only when necessary salts combine with the colloids of living substances in a definite ratio."

Finally, we have the two other properties of living matter respiration and often require special apparatus for irritability—which

their detection, but which are just as fundamental as the others. All

living things respire and consume oxygen, liberate energy, and give off carbon dioxide. This is obvious in the case of man but not in the

case of the potato; but allow water to find its ways into the potato

pit, and the potatoes are drowned. Two kernels of wheat side by

side appear the is alive and will grow if placed in suitable same—one

soil, the other is dead and will not grow. The two seeds placed

in the chamber of a biometer show unmistakable differences in the quantity of carbon dioxide produced.

628 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Both the living and the dead seed gives off certain dioxide, the difference being only in quantity. The living cell, however, markedly

differs from the dead in that it is irritable. Prick a man with a pin

and he jumps and says "Ouch,"or he may even use stronger language.

Prick the living seed with a pin and it also jumps and says, "Ouch"but in language which it requires the biometer to detect and interpret.

It gives off more carbon dioxide. This is true of all cells even the

nerves which some individuals think obtain their energy from some other source than the metabolized food. This property of increased

carbon dioxide output and irritability is so general that it has come to be spoken of as "a chemical sign of life."By following this

gaseous exchange in the higher animals it is possible to determine whether carbohydrates, fats, or proteins are being burned, or whether one is being transformed into one of the others.

For years all these transformations were explained by the statement that they were "cell activities."But refined chemical and biological methods have made it possible to push aside the mantle surrounding the cell and to gather some of the engines with which life

acts. And today many scientists are busy studying these engines—the

enzymes. At first, attempts were made to obtain the purified product,

but inasmuch as we have no criterion by which purity can be judged, and further because of the extreme unstability of the product the work is extremely difficult. Efforts therefore are being made to synthesize

the enzymes and to learn the laws governing their activity.

Advances have already been made. Euler has produced an

artificial oxidase, Falk an artificial lipase. The synthesis and control of artificial enzymes will revolutionize the science and art of

organic synthesis. It may make it possible to control or combat

pathological condition in the human organism. All the vital steps

in digestion are due to enzymes. When they fail, due to disease,

will it be possible to replace them by the laboratory product? The

diabetic has lost his power to oxidize sugar. Is it due to the absence

of an enzyme or an activator? If either, will it be possible to replace

it by a synthetic product and thus save from a living death these unfortunate individuals? The sugarbeet by means of its leaves gathers

carbon dioxide and kinetic energy. Through its roots it drinks in

water. In the cell they are transformed into sucrose. Sometime in

the future will the sugar factory be a place in which carbon dioxide of limestone through the intervention of catalysts be made to combine with water, thus producing formaldehyde which on condensation will yield sugar?

Having synthesized the carbohydrates, why not the fats, and finally the proteins, and thus the laboratory in place of the field become the source of the food of man? This I grant is imaginary

and today sounds like a dream. But we must remember that synthetic

alazarine red and indigo blue have replaced the natural products from

THE RIDDLE OF THE CENTURIES 629

the madder and indigo plants. Camphor no longer comes only from

the camphor tree. The synthetic perfumes are destroying the flower

industries of Italy and France. Cocaine has been replaced by the

synthetic product, procaine, which possesses all of the anaesthetic properties of the natural product and is devoid of its toxicity. A

synthetic modification of quinine bids fair to accomplish in the case of pneumonia what salvarsan and quinine are doing in the case of syphilis and malaria. Today it appears as if a synthetic drug is to conquer

that horrible plague, leprosy. Hence, it requires a vivid imagination

to even portray the possibilities of the future.

We have seen how rich has been the harvest from a functional study of the living cell. No less interesting and remunerative has

been the structural study. You all recognize that there are no two

men exactly alike. The cattle man tells us that he has no two

cattle alike, the sheep herder that there are no two sheep alike, the botanist that no two leaves or blades of grass are alike, and now the biologist tells us that the proteins composing our tissues are different from those composing the tissues of other individuals. Our individuality goes back to each individual cell. True, they are composed

of the same amino acids, but these are arranged in different combinations. Now, from the nineteen amino acids could there be produced

enough different proteins for all? Calculating the theoretical number

of permutations and combinations we find there to be no less than two million billion different proteins possible. These, while the

stream of life is coursing through the living cell, are held in a certain liable position. When death comes they swing back to the

stable.

Throughout the study of the living cell one is impressed with the order, the correlation, the smoothe and compact way in which the reaction goes on in the living cell in opposition to the many imitative methods of man. One example will make this clear. Man fixes

nitrogen by means of a gigantic arc light in a chimney through which a current of hot air is blown. The flaming disk has a diameter

of seven feet and reaches a temperature in the neighborhood of 6,300 F. The product dissolved in water gives us nitric acid. In

another method air is cooled to -194 C, the nitrogen boiled off, mixed with hydrogen in the proportion of 1 to 3, heated to a temperature of 1,300 O, and then passed over finely divided uranium. There results ammonia. Thus, in synthetic processes great

variations in temperatures and huge, complicated, expensive apparatus are used.

When the bacterial cell fixes nitrogen there is also a real conflagration in which plant residues act as the fuel and the bacterial body the furnace. But how different are the two! The living cell

is 90 per cent water, and weighs only one hundredth million of a milligram. It works in the dark, damp, warm soil and generates little

630 IMPROVEMENT ERA

heat and no light. It produces not simple nitric acid and ammonia

but the highly complex proteins.

This living cell is an engine which not only does its work, but it repairs its own worn out parts. It works by means of enzymes. The

reactions of each is accurately timed to meet the reactions of all the others and to meet the requirements of the living cell. Old protoplasm

is torn out, new is made to take its place. The carbohydrates

and fats are systamated, fragmented so the energy is nicely liberated to meet the needs of the living organism. However, when the master of

ceremonies, life, departs each works independent of the others. They

pull and they tear until they destroy their very home. It is as if they

are vying with each to see which can do the most damage. A study

of the reactions which go on in the living cell begets in the mind of a man a reverence akin to worship, and we can readily understand how

Dr. Hodges of Princeton could have said in all solemnity, just before

the performing of an experiment, "Boys, remove your hats. I am going

to ask God a question."

Utah Agricultural College, Logan

Seasons Four

Birds sing, trees put forth tender leaves, flower buds swell.

Little children gather dandelion gold from the green sward.

Love searches Love's is full of promise, eyes—Life

It is Spring.

Birds twitter from leafy trees, flowers hang their heads, the air is hot,

Little children stretch in the shade of vinecovered bowers.

Love laughs in Love's is doubly sweet, eyes—Life

It is Summer.

Birds seek the south, leaves turn to crimson, flower petals scatter.

Little children run in the nippy frost of the morning.

Love smiles into Love's is fleeting. eyes—Life

It is Autumn.

Birds have flown, boughs are bare, the world is clothed in white.

Little children gather round the blazing hearth.

Love drinks deeply from Love's are sweet, eyes—Life's memories

It is Winter.

San Diego, California. DOROTHY C. RETSLOFF.

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE By John Henry Evans Author of "One Hundred Years of Mormonism"

Part II

'V Contrary to a popular notion that "Mormonism"fosters ignorance, the Latterday Saints have always laid great stress on the cultivation of the mind. Not only have the "Mormons"developed a

theory of education, but they have been zealous to apply this theory in their practice with a consistency that one would hardly expect under the circumstances.

Democracy, we have said, demands selfrestraint. It also demands intelligence. Selfrestraint in government, as in everything

else, requires that one knows where one is going, and the way there.

No ignorant community can exercise the necessary selfrestraint to uphold a democracy. The only form of government fit for such a

community is the monarchical, where they are directed from without, like children who have not yet learned to use their freedom. Ignorance

leads to license; intelligence, to liberty. "The law is for the transgressor."Ignorance, moreover, acts under the law, not above it.

The more enlightened a community, the less of external control, because its actions are guided by an inner power. In the jungles

the club is supreme, among the early American natives, the bow and arrow. In civilized communities there is a higher law invoked—live

and let live. But in the highest democracy, the rule of life would be the

Golden Rule. And this is the product of the highest intelligence in

the universe.

Not alone in civil government is knowledge necessary, but in all phases of thought and life. The old saying has it that "knowledge is power."There is not so much difference in looks between

the ape and man as in mind. It is mind that has produced our complex streetcar, the railwaycoach, the automobile, civilization—the

and the oceanliner; the telegraph; the telephone, and the radio; newspapers, magazines, and books; houses, theatres, and churches; science,

philosophy, and the arts. Strip man of the fruits of the understanding and he sinks forthwith into the cave man and the bushranger. With these he ascends to study the stars, to paint the lilly,

to count molecules, to annihilate time and space, to penetrate the earth, to lengthen the span of life, and to do a thousand things too tedious to enumerate here.

"In the world,"says a Scottish philosopher, Sir William

Hamilton, "there is nothing great but man; in man there is nothing

great but mind."

63 2 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It is scarcely possible to emphasize more than do the Latterday Saints the necessity of education in the best sense.

Says an oftquoted saying of Joseph Smith, "The glory of God is intelligence."Intelligence, with the "Mormons,"is made a condition of salvation in God's kingdom. "It is impossible,"says the

Prophet, "for a man to be saved in ignorance,"or, to put the same thought positively, "a man is saved no faster than he gains intelligence."

Knowledge is cumulative in the long span of the spirit's life, just as it is in this life. For "whatever principle of intelligence we

attain unto in this life, it will rise with us in the resurrection; and

if a person gains more knowledged and intelligence in this life through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the word to come."

The truth is, that the Saints hold up God as the great prototype in intelligence as in character for man's emulation. He is the pattern

after whom men are to shape their intellectual as their moral character. God is God, ultimately, because of his superior intelligence.

If there be two spirits, one is more intelligent than the other. But a

third is more intelligent than these so on indefinitely, two—and

till we come to God, who is more intelligent than all. This is the

doctrine of "Mormonism."Being of the essence of all men God—for

inare begotten of him in the preexistence spiritlife—men may

time attain to the intelligence that God now has. This is the daring

philosophy of the Saints, and has been almost from the beginning. Here,

surely, is incentive for the reaching mind of the most ambitious.

Joseph Smith was admonished in one of the revelations to him to seek instruction "in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingdom of

God, that are expedient for you to understand; of things both in

heaven and in the earth, and under the earth; things which have

been, things which are, and things which must shortly come to pass;

things which are at home, things which are abroad; the wars and the

perplexities of nations, and the judgments which are on the land, and a knowledge also of countries and of kingdoms."In another

he was enjoined "to obtain knowledge of history, and of countries, and of kingdoms, of laws of God and man,"for "the salvation of

Zion."And in still another he was directed to "seek out of the

best books words of wisdom"and to "seek learning even by study, and also by faith."

In pursuance of this ideal the Saints have always been solicitous about the education of themselves and their children, even under conditions that would seem to warrant a temporary shelving of ideals.

Among the institutions established at Kirtland, Ohio, was a "high school,"which was held in the temple. In Missouri there

was a "school for the prophets,"which was attended by men and to which at least some of its pupils had to walk barefoot. Schools for

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE 633

children existed in Nauvoo, and a university there was contemplated.

Even in the temporary settlements of Iowa the education of the youth was never neglected. In Utah schools were among the first concerns

of the "Mormon"people. In order that there might be the necessary equipment for schools here President Young urged the Saints

on the Missouri river to secure "at least a copy of every valuable treatise on book, map, chart, or diagram that may education—every

contain interesting, useful and attractive matter, to gain the attention of children, and cause them to love to learn to read; and also every

historical, mathematical, philosophical, geographical, geological, astronomical, scientific, practical, and all other variety of useful interesting writings, maps, etc."Although the first school in Utah

was held in a wigwam, in 1847, still the people had their eye on larger things educationally. For, while the inhabitants of the Salt Lake

valley were living chiefly on segoroots, thistletops, and rawhides, the provisional government of the State of Deseret was busy working on a legislative act creating a university.

Ever since Brigham Young's time at least the "Mormon"ideal of an educated man is that he be trained physically, mentally and spiritually, that he have a good head, a skilled hand, and a guiding heart. In the early Utah schools the Bible was one of the text books.

In the institutions that President Young Brigfounded—the

ham Young Academy, now the Brigham Young University, and the

Brigham Young was made for this threefold College—provisioneducation. American educational institutions have all down the years

emphasized only the mental. Lately industrial subjects have been almost universally introduced into the schools. But there has been no

religious instruction given in any but private institutions of learning. The result is shown in the efforts made by leading educators to

bridge over this gap in education. For it is being seen more and

more clearly that not only the head and the hand require training, but also the heart, the spiritual nature. Although the "Mormon"practice

in education lags behind this excellent plan, as one might expect who was acquainted with its troubled history, still the Saints are making such headway in the direction of allround development in their youth through educational institutions as is already attracting attention.

Their Religion Class organization promises to solve the vexing question of how the American boy and girl are to receive religious instruction in connection with "a Godless public school system."

This constant stressing of education has already produced its effects, and will continue to do so increasingly. The general level

of intelligence in "Mormon"communities, it is safe to say, is distinctly higher than in similar communities of non-"Mormon"elsewhere in the United States. No other community of the same size can produce

so many persons in various walks of life that are so well read, that have traveled so much, or that can think and speak on their feet as 634 IMPROVEMENT ERA

readily. And we are easily within the truth when we say this, and

not be socially egotistical either. It is because of the teachings of

"Mormonism"and its unlimited openings for leadership that this is the case.

VI What sort of family life do the Latterday Saints believe in and cultivate? In what regard do they hold woman? What is their

conception of marriage? 'How do they view divorce? Is the influence of the home such as to contribute to the making of good

citizens, good men and women?

Western civilization rests on four corner propstones—private

erty, the state, the church, and the family. Of these by far the most

important, not alone in time but in value, is the family. Destroy the.

other three, and they could be reestablished; destroy the home, and

there is nothing left. The state exists largely to protect the rights

of property and the family; the church exists for the individual members of the family; the home therefore becomes the ultimate social

unit. The survival of a society depends upon its views of the

family life.

In our present society at least, according to Professor Ellwood, "the primary function of the family is continuing the life of the species; that is, the primary function of the family is reproduction in

the sense of the birth and the rearing of children. The stream of

life must flow through the family. If the family performed no other

function than this of producing the new individuals of society and furnishing them care and nourishment until maturity is reached, it would still be the most important of all human institutions. From

the sociological point of view the childless family must be judged a failure.""Family life at the beginning of the twentieth century,"says the same authority, was "in a more unstable condition than it has been at any time since the beginning of the Christian Era."Out of this instability of the family springs the modern problem of the home. In

the United States today every twelfth marriage ends in divorce.

"The United States,"Professor Towne tells us, "has a higher divorce rate than any foreign country except Japan. It is about three times

that of France, five times that of Germany, ten times that of Norway and Sweden, and about thirty times that of Great Britain and Ireland."

Nor are the signs favorable. "If divorces should continue to increase

as they have during the past forty years,"says Professor Ellwood, "it is evident that it would not be long before all marriages would be terminated by divorce instead of by death."One of the causes

of the decay of the family life, which is itself the cause of divorce, is the decline of the spirit of religion in the American home. So

Professor Ellwood believes.

THE HERITAGE AND PRO*MISE 63 5

Any religion therefore whose teachings tend to the stability of the family life is laying for its adherents a sure foundation for permanence, in its individual and group life.

Woman, in the view of the "Mormons,"is the equal companion of man. They accept literally, and often quote, the statement of

Paul, "Neither is the man without the woman, neither the woman without the man, in the Lord."They do not however accept his statement that "women should keep silence in the churches,"for

their women often preach from the same pulpit as the men. The

only thing denied them is the Priesthood, but even this the wife shares in a manner with her husband. "Mormon"women were the first

in the United States to be granted political suffrage. In the Church

women have always had equal votes with men. "Mormon"theology

advances the daring conception of a Mother in heaven. If a heavenly

Father, why not a heavenly Mother, too? As a result of these views,

the women of "Mormondom"are at least as intelligent and free as women anywhere else in the world.

Marriage, while not a sacrament with Latterday Saints as with the Roman Catholics, is a religious as well as a social obligation. They

take no stock in the individualistic notion of wedlock. While companionship between husband and wife is as dear to them as to others,

still they are inclined to think with the sociologist that the primary purpose of marriage is the birth and the rearing of children, and to this end have organized their family life. This earth was created for

the myraid spirits, male and female, in heaven. It is their permanent home. Having progressed in the spiritstate as far as they

could without bodies, they now come to earth to take up "tabernacles of flesh and blood."Marriage is the means adopted through

which these spirits are to receive bodies. So the "Mormon"people

have always advocated early marriage and large families. Not being

married is not to fulfil "the measure of one's creation."And not

to have children, if this fact is due to voluntary acts, is frought with grave consequences. The whole push of "Mormonism"

is therefore in the direction of permanent family life.

Moreover, by every means available the Latterday Saints endeavor to surround marriage with the atmosphere of sanctity. The

ceremony itself, when performed in accordance with "Mormon"ideals, takes place in the temple, the most sacred place known to a "Mormon."

It is a house set apart for only the most sacred ordinances for the living and the dead. To it the general public, even the "Mormon"

public, is refused admittance. Only members of the Church in good

standing are supposed to cross its portals. When therefore a couple

are united in wedlock in this sacred building, the rite is more deeply impressed on their minds than it would be possible if performed anywhere else. This impression is deepened by the attire of both parties

63 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to the contract, which is worn only on such occasions as this. In

addition, all those who are thus married believe devoutly that they are man and wife not only for this life but for "all eternity"and that such children as may be born to them "under this covenant"will be theirs after, as before, death. Hence every circumstance of a real

"Mormon"marriage tends to fix the minds of its participants in the direction of a permanent social contract, instead of a matter of individual convenience. And that this is the actual effect of the

ceremony is attested by the low rate of divorce in such temple marone in eight, as in the United States generally, nor oneriages—not

in every two, as in some States, but one in every five hundred.

Similarly the Latterday Saints throw about the family life generally the safeguards of religion. The average "Mormon"home is

a religious home. The Bible has a conspicuous place there—and

is read, too. No community in America can expound the Scriptures to

better advantage than the Saints. Every day opens and closes with

family prayer, in which all the members of the family that can do so take their "turn."Also every meal is blessed before it is eaten. Not

only so, but all members of the household attend some form of worship

Sunday School of a Sabbath morning or the "meeting"of an—the

afternoon or evening. Most families, too, hold what is known as

"home night,"at which, besides prayer and singing of hymns and

Bible reading, there may be a program of individual exercises and light cement the home ties. "Mormons"genrefreshments—which

erally make much of "family gatherings,"even after its members have married off and the head of the household has departed this life. In a

good "Mormon"home therefore may be found a wholesome atmosphere, one that makes for good citizenship and good manhood and womanhood.

An idea that is unique with the Latterday Saints is that the family ties will continue throughout the next world. Their funerals,

by reason of a fulness of hope rather than of a lack of love, are not the tragic affairs that they often are in other Christian communities.

Many a mother in the Church, whose infant has been snatched from here bosom by the hand of death, has taken comfort from the teaching of Joseph Smith that she shall have it again "in the resurrection."

No good "Mormon"has any lingering doubt that he will meet his loved ones on the other more, in fact, than he has that, shore—any

if he but sleep tonight, he will rise in the morning to greet his relatives and friends. Indeed, this constant looking beyond death is to

him an upholding thought. The Prophet Joseph declared that he

saw in vision "men, before they ascended from the tomb, as though they were getting up slowly. They took each other by the hand

and said, 'My father, my mother, my son, my daughter, my brother, my sister!'"The first thought he would have in the resurrection, he

said, would be for his parents, his family, and his kinsfolk. And this

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE 63 7

sentiment finds a ready echo in the hearts of his followers. Death

has no terrors for the Saints. The late President Woodruff was wont

to say that so desirable is the next world, we would hasten our departure thither by our own hand, if the act did not deprive us of its joys. And Parley P. Pratt, a close companion of the Prophet, assures

us that all the holy affections of the human soul here will not only continue there but be magnified a thousandfold. All this is but a

commonplace reality to the man and the woman in whose bones "Mormonism"has been truly bred.

(To be continued)

The Silent Battle

The greatest battle that ever was fought!

Shall I tell you how and where?

You may search a lot, yet find it not;

Still, it wages everywhere.

This greatest battle is silently

Fought by the will of man, Against temptation continuously;

Covering all life's span.

A man becomes enthralled by sin,

Then later sees the light;

With determined grin, his powers within.

Are marshaled for the fight.

It takes real grit to fight alone,

As the unseeing world goes by;

But he does not moan, as he tries to atone.

The wrongs that will not die.

We shout our praise to the hero brave.

Who wears the victor's crown;

But the erstwhile slave, as gloriously gave.

As he fought bad habits down.

It took real work to lay them flat,

Then keep them on the shelf;

I doff my hat to a man like that,

For he has conquered self.

Sigurd, Utah. IRVIN L. WARNOCK.

THE ROOT, THE TREE, THE FRUIT

The General Boards of the Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A., in full

force, held a JubileeYear social, reception, banquet, program and dance, on the evening of March 18, 1925, in the Bishop's Building,

Salt Lake City. Following the delightful reception and banquet

and welcome speeches by Supt. Geo. Albert Smith, and Prest. Martha

H. Tingey, the program was carried out, and one of its main features

was toasts on the growth of the M. I. A. under the title, "The Root,

the Tree, the Fruit."Axel A. Madsen, of the General Board

acted as toastmaster. After these had been given, President

Heber J. Grant made some pleasing remarks concerning the growth

of the organizations. There were, besides, three episodes under the title,

"Out of the Past: a. The Retrenchment Association. b. The

Organization of the Y. M. M. I. A. c. Cooperation in Joint Work."

The evening closed with dancing.

The readers of the Era will be interested in scanning the following replies to the toasts; first, the "Root"by Junius F. Wells, the

organizer under President Brigham Young, of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

on the 10th of June, 1875, in the Thirteenth ward meeting house,

Salt Lake City; second, the "Tree"by Mrs. Martha G. Smith, member

of the General Board; and third, the "Fruit"by George Q. Morris

of the General Board. Editors.

The Root

By Junius F. Wells, Organizer of the Y. M. M. I. A., Under the

Commission of Brigham Young Ever since the day in which Father Adam died, his children have been eating of the Tree of the Knowledge of Good and Evil, which brought death into the world, killing him; and throughout this mortal life is killing

us. His hope of reanimation and yours and mine is in the Testimony of

Jesus Christ. This is the Root of the Tree of Life everlasting.

A sower went out to sow his seed, and, as he sowed, some fell upon the wayside and was trodden down; some fell upon the rocks and withered

away, because it lacked moisture; some fell among thorns that choked

it. And other seed fell on good ground, and sprang up, and bare fruit, an

hundred fold.

Now the parable is this: The seed is the Word of God:

"In the beginning was the Word and the Word was with God, and the V/ord was God. The same was in the beginning with God. * * * In him was life;

and the life was the light or men."(John 1:1, 2, 4.)

"And some fell on good ground, and bare fruit an hundred fold."

It had taken root. The first product of seed sown is the root. Sown on

good ground it takes root downward deeply, and its branches and rootlets spread all about it widely, and untimately it bears fruit upwards.

THE ROOT, THE TREE. THE FRUIT 63 9

Sometimes, even in good ground, only fortyfold, sometimes sixtyfold and again an hundred fold. To insure the greater yield, the wise husbandman looks early to the crown of the the very hour of its aproot—from

pearance above the surface of the ground. And so he stirs the good soil about

it gently and mulches it with care and waters it abundantly. Then he has

joy in his labor, for he begins to see the stem of the tree that he has planted coming up sturdy and strong, branching vigorously, leafing out luxuriantly, blossoming gloriously, yielding fruit an hundred fold.

But if he neglect the root, and does not stir the good soil, does not mulch about the crown with care, to protect it from the frost or the burning heat of the sun and does not water it, then the root dries in the round, its farthest rootlets wither, its branches shrink up, and its stem dies. The likeaffliction is witnessed above the ground—-at the top of the tree the little

branches begin to shrivel up, the sere and yellowing leaves fall to the ground, the bark of the denuded boughs cracks open, exposing the dry wood of a dying stem doomed, by the neglect of the husbandman, to death and decay.

I do not say the wood of a dead tree is wholly useless. It may be

cut down and some of it fashioned into shapes of utility and beauty—some

will make good kindlings and firewood. The wise and patient Job says:

"For there is hope of a tree, if it be cut down, that it will sprout again, and that the tender branch thereof will not cease.

"Though the root thereof wax old in the earth, and the stock thereof die in the ground; yet through the scent of water it will bud, and bring forth boughs

like a plant."

are the is the youth Brethren and sisters—we sowers—the good ground

of Israel—our field is in this good ground. The Master* has called us to

labor there and has given us the seed to sow—even the Word of God. The

is the testimonyfirst product of this seed sown in good ground—the Root

of Jesus Christ, that he lives and is the light of the world; made known to

us by the gift of the Holy Ghost. From the day of its bestowal by the

blessings of the Priesthood it should begin to develop a sense of responsibility; and by the exercise of it a familiarity with its characteristic intelligence, and lovableness, increasingly helpful and delightful as it unfolds its

presence to our consciousness. Then at length it becomes the established

principle of revelation within us, by which we know the mind and will of

God who gave it concerning ourselves as individuals, and concerning others in our authoritative relationship to them. We must nurture and cultivate

this gift with zealous care. Nothing else is of so much importance—nothing that we can do compares with it. We are appointed to this labor and God

ordinances of the gospel, with authority of the Priesthood—thements—thewill not hold us guiltless if we neglect it. We are supplied with the implethe exercises and activities enjoined thereby in the Church.

I would not reflect disparagingly upon our activities in the field; nor

upon the curriculum of studies so skilfully developed in our manuals; nor

upon the splendid efforts we are making to lure our members to a better class of entertainments, than the dancing and the social games, pastimes and sports of the world, which the world in our midst provide so temptingly and so dangerously. I only mean that these do not provide our only recourse, nor,

I think, our chief recourse, against the evils they are intended to thwart.

It seems to me that our relationship to the young men and women of Zion is akin to that of the Apostle Paul to the young man Timothy.

At least that we can with propriety apply the adjurations of that apostle to his favorite son and disciple:

"Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the scripture is of any private interpretation. For the prophecy came not in old time by the will of

640 IMPROVEMENT ERA

man; but holy men of God spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost.''

2 Peter 1:20. 21.

Jesus says, search the scriptures, for they are they which testify of me.

* * * The Holy Scriptures which are able to make thee wise unto salvation.

Let me quote some of these:

"Let no man despise thy youth; but be thou an example of the believers, in word,

in conversation, in charity, in spirit, in faith, in purity."(I Tim. 4:12.)

"Neglect not the gift that is in thee, which was given thee by piophecy, with the laying on of the hands of the presbytery."(I Tim. 4:14 )

"Stir up the gift of God, which is in thee. * * * For God hath not

given us the spirit of fear; but of power, and of love, and of a soind mind."(II

Tim. 1:6. 7.)

"Be not thou therefore ashamed of the testimony of our Lord."(IITim. 1:8.)

For the Lord hath said: "I love them that love me; and those that

seek me early shall find me."Prov. 8:17.

I feel sure, my brothers and sisters, that this is the Root we should develop and cultivate, if we would have our field one of strong and sturdy trees that blossom in their season and bear fruit an hundred fold.

Let us then begin forthwith to prepare the ground; roll off the rocks,

grub out the sagebrush and, ladies, permit me to suggest that you might find it helpful to gently top off some of the emptyheaded sunflowers and smudge the are beautiful to look at but pernicious when the thistledown—which

frivolous breezes of the summer time shake their unfruitful substance to the ground, polluting the pure seed we are trying to propagate there. Let us

send out our notices, advertise our intentions to celebrate our Jubilee jubilantly;

call the youth of Zion to attention by the clarion voice of all the authority here present; then, at our conference in June, sow the seed, broadcast it

forabundantly on this good ground that it may take root downwards—and

the rest of the year cultivate, nourish, develop the Root with vigilance and great care.

We shall be disappointed then, indeed, if we do not get many, very many of our members on their feet bearing testimony, with delight in the exercise of the gift of God that is within them.

We wish to get every member of the Y. M. M. I. A. and of the Y. L.

M. I. A. also, down on their knees praying to know it. and up on their

feet testifying that "Mormonism"is in fact the Church of Jesus Christ and the Kingdom of God on earth. We can hope to do this by taking the double

course mentioned by President Brigham Young when he said: "As many

people have obtained a testimony while on their feet bearing it, as down on their knees praying for it."

Shall we not all rejoice exceedingly if we get our hundred thousand members up, witnesses of the priceless gift bestowed upon them? This I

believe should be the object of our particular care this year, even if we curtail our less important exercises.

Succeeding in it we all shall inevitably increase our members next year, and should aspire with confidence to double their number in ten years and raise it to half a million at our hundredth anniversary.

I hope I have not over wearied you in my prosy discourse upon the Root of this wonderful tree. In describing the growth of its branches, with its

singing birds and colorful blossoms and the taste of its delectable fruit, those who follow after me will recompense your patience. I now yield,

grateful to you for your attention and thankful to them for the treat that is coming.

THE ROOT, THE TREE, THE FRUIT 641

The Tree

By Martha G. Smith, of the General Board Y. L. M. I. A.

President Brigham Young besides being a great pioneerleader and Prophet was a great planter. It is said of him that one of the first deeds he performed at the temporary resting place at Council Florence. Bluffs—now

to plant trees, and a huge black willow with twelve large Nebraska—was

branches typifying the twelve apostles, then at the head of the Church, stands today in the meadow at Florence.

It is also said that when the pioneers entered the Great Salt Lake Valley there were no trees in it, so, of course, the process of planting trees was in order and the valley today is a veritable park of trees; ranging in variety

from the native cottonwood and boxelder to the honeylocust and Norway pine.

At a very early date, aided by divine guidance, President Young planted the "Mutual Improvement Tree."

After fifty years of active growth and, nurtured from wellformed roots, the M. I. A. Tree is beautiful to look upon. There may be those who

prefer to say two trees occupy space in the "King's Great Garden"perfor the Young Men, thehaps separated by the great highway of life—one

other for the Young Ladies, but I perfer to see it as one "great tree"whose symmetric trunk is bound by the bark of truth and usefulness, bearing two huge and lofty equally as strong as the other,-—-which divide branches—one

and subdivide into many parts and branches, all of which go to make up the complete tree. The Young Men's and The Young Ladies'Mutual

Improvement Associations. In fact, the M. I. A. Tree is much like the Tree of "Joseph".—"It is

a fruitful bough by a well, whose branches run over the they wall"—for

reach out to nearly one hundred stakes of Zion, and to upwards of a thousand wards, and all the many missions now in the world, even to the nations abroad, and to the islands of the sea.

In the spring time the sap runs up and carries new life to all the parts and keeps the whole tree alive. The two great channels through which

the sap flows are the Era and the Journal, each under the direction of a General Board who prune and care for the tree from month to month through all the year.

The Y. M. M. I. A. is organized with a General Board now of fortythree members, selected and chosen, many of them from the leading authorities

of the Church for their special adaptability to the work, presided over by a

General Superintendency of three of the twelve apostles. The members of the

board are assigned to one or more of the following committees:

the General Supsrintendency, 1. Committe on Administration—Headed by

dealing with the general management of M. I. A. work throughout the Church.

2. Committee on Organization and Membership—-Who plan to keep organizations alive and well officered, and every boy and girl of mutual age enrolled.

create plans that will secure 3. Committee on Finance and Publication—Who

funds to carry on the work of the General Board, and to care for its publicity programs. plan for class study, manuals for all 4. Junior Department Committee—Who

boys from twelve to seventeen years, including "Boy Scouts"and their programs.

the M men, boys from 5. Senior Deparmcnt Committee—Who plan for

seventeen to twentythree, their manuals, class work, and general activities, including an active athletic program, basketball, baseball, debating and dancing, and also music and the drama.

class work 6. Advanced Senior Department—{Joint Cmmittee)—Who plan

642 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and manuals for the large group of married people, and all above the age of twentythree years in all the Church.

plan and supervise special and recre- 7. Recreation (Joint Committee)—Who

ational activities of all the members of the Church.

select the reading course, 8. M. I. A. Standards—(Joint Committee]—Who

the yearly "slogans"and programs for all joint meetings held the first Sunday of each month in all the Wards throughout the Church.

And similarly, the Y. L. M. I. A. is organized with a Presidency of three

women divinely chosen, equally qualified, gifted and blessed, and a General

Board of thirtyfive members, organized into nine like committees to care for the Bee Hive Girls of fourteen and fifteen years of age; Junior Girls

sixteen and seventeen years of age, and an organization of Gleaners who

,parallel the M Men.,,,,,

In the spring time of the organization, tender '"buds"shoot forth from the branches.

And as time advances into the brightness of the good old summer time each infant bud developes and grows into a wellformed and useful committee or department of Mutual work, likened unto wellformed leaves which unite and flutter together in the great Mutual cause to give beauty to the tree and lend "shade"and "shelter"to the young people of Zion as they sojourn through the "Garden of Eden."

Many of the terminal buds, as they tip and crown the larger of the many branches, have burst into well formed "Slogans,"full of M. I. A.

fragrance, which cheer, comfort, and guide the hosts who gather in the

Garden from year to year.

As the summer advances "trusty agents"in the personnel of our "Executive Director"and field secretaries go out into the King's Great Garden and work unitedly and unceasingly against the day of falling leaves.

And as the time comes and goes the great procession of Boy Scouts,

BeeHive Girls, Juniors, M Men and Gleaners throng the king's great garden preparing for the great day of the harvest.

The Fruit

By George Q. Morris

Mr. Toastmastec: President Grant; Fellow Workers: After this introduction from the toastmaster, setting forth my reputation for seriousness

and safeness, may I be permitted a moment of levity. I wish to emphasize

the ideal character of the young men and young women whom we are anxious to see go forth, as a result of this Mutual Improvement work. And, since

the toastmaster has already broken into verse, it may be fitting for me to read you two poems. I must not forget to remind you, however, that the

emphasis I refer to is one of contrast. A very mean man wrote this one:

(Ob, shades of "The Barefoot Boy")

Blessings on thee, little girl.

Barekneed miss, with brain awhirl—

With thy rolleddown shadow hose,

Where the deuce are all thy clothes?

a sight And thy red mouth—such

Smeard with lipstick day and night;

With thy powder and thy paint,

Cobweb blouse that almost ain't!

To the heart, dear, you give pains!

Hasn't Mother any brains?

THE ROOT, THE TREE, THE FRUIT 643

And a very nice lady wrote this:

Blessings on thee mimic man, With thy cheeks so shy of tan;

With thy hair all smeared with oil,

Fists that never have known toil;

With a "fag"between thy teeth.

And a weak chin underneath;

With thy hands all manicured, And a brain that's immatured.

We poor women you make sick!

Hasn't father any kick?

I was not just clear as to my assignment to this toast by the committee,

I rather got the understanding that this was to be a serious, short, toast given in a humorous vein. Then it occurred to me that the committee had

already supplied the very soul of humor for the toast in fixing its brevity it was to be not over five minutes.

"A very fruitful tree which is planted in a goodly land, by a pure stream, that yieldeth much precious fruit."This splendid tree was planted

fifty years ago. Its roots have struck deep into the soil of truth. It has

of God!beenfruit—thewateredknowledgeby the pure stream of the spirit, and hath yielded much precious

In the aggregate, what a tremendous amount of good this precious fruit has done, as it has gone into the lives of the many thousands of young men and women who have partaken of it during these fifty years! How much

good has come from it into their homes, and into the world! How precious

this knowledge of God, would be for the whole world, if they but fruit—the

could or would partake of it. How many broken homes would be restored

to happiness! How many married and unhappy lives would be brightened,

and how many of the nations of the world would be healed, if they would partake of this knowledge of God! fruit—the

The young men and women who have gone out from this great organization have carried this fruit to the world and have offered it to them, that they also might partake, but a very few have accepted, and the world at large seems to reject this offering at the hands of our young men and women.

But, there is one message they must listen to. There is one way we

can force them to take notice. That is, by the lives of young men and

young women who have and will partake of this fruit.

Behind the message and teachings of the Lord Jesus Christ there was that which gave them force and life. effect—His

Behind the message and teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith there was that which gave them force and life. effect—his

And so with one hundred thousand young men and women who represent the membership of the Mutual Improvement Associations today, who, in the not very distant future may be increased to two hundred thousand, to three hundred they and their children partake of the fruit thousand—as

the knowledge of God, and live the truths of the gospel of Jesus Christ, they will form a spectacle that the world must pay attention to; that the world

must come to see; and that the world must send its writers to write about 1

For those lives will give force and effect to the message that this people have to give to the world.

May our young men and women be true to their obligations and their heritage. May they realize that they are the salt of the earth, and that if

the salt shall have lost its savor wherewith shall it be salted? It is thenceforth

good for nothing but to be cast out andtrodden under foot of men. And

may they, however great their achievements in winning the honors of the they, through all, and above all, preserve that quality which isworld—maytheirs because they have a knowledge of God and possess his Spirit and power.

May they live lives so true that the world may be led to believe that Jesus

Christ is the Son of God and that Joseph Smith is a prophet of God.

THE WHITE CLOUDS By Samuel Fletcher Clouds of gray, of crimson, of black, of white, Harry knew them all. In fact, he was something of a connoisseur of clouds. In

his mind was a black cloud, with possibly a silver lining. Over his

head drifted the white clouds of springtime. From his fingers trailed a

gray cloud of cigarette smoke.

Singly, by twos, by groups, the people were returning from church. It had been months since Harry had attended any kind

of religious service. Places of worship no longer seemed attractive;

for since he had begun to smoke, religion had been steadily degenerating. It seemed that his senses had become keener, for he

could now see flaws and discrepancies where but a few mon.ths previous

he could see only the perfect order of God. Why didn't these people

1 abopen their eyes? How could they help but see the glaring

surdities that were thrown in their faces?

He scrutinized them as they passed along the walk. Most of them

seemed intelligent enough.

There was Mr. Howe, the banker, and John Wilson, a leading

merchant. Both were shrewd and exact in business. But evidently

they accepted their religion as it was handed out to them from the rostrum.

Even saw her coming along the too, "swalOra—he walk—she,

lowed"it all. She was a school teacher, home on a weekend visit,

She smiled to him as she approached.

He threw away his cigarette butt and strolled down the path to join her.

"The gallant gentleman begs to be allowed to see the fair damsel to her home,"he greeted.

"It seems,"she smiled, "that the gallant gentleman doesn't venture far from the shade of his apple trees, or perhaps, at this time of the year I should say the sunshine of his own back porch."

"Truly an unfair judgment since I didn't know you were home,"he replied as they walked on together.

"You seem to have wandered into the bywavs,"said Ora. "I

haven't seen you at meeting for ever so long. Surely you're not

deserting to the foe?"

"Oh no. Not really deserting. Just watching the fight from

the hilltop. You see there one gets a much better view. But,

seriously, I have lost interest in the Church. I've found that religion won't stand careful inspection."

They walked on in silence for some time. He watched her

through the corner of his eye and envied the sunshine and wind that were kissing her hair. His hand went unconsciously to his pocket

and brought out a cigarette. He felt awkward when he

THE WHITE CLOUDS 645

noticed it, for he had not intended to smoke in Ora's presence. "With your permission,"he mumbled as he put the cigarette

to his lips and began to search his pockets for a match.

Ora nodded. "It seems to me,"she said after a pause, "that

one should be unable to see clearly enough through a haze of tobacco smoke to judge correctly."

"Oh, much to the contrary,"he answered glibly.

As they stopped before the gate of Ora's home, Harry gave her hand a squeeze.

"Only another month, he said significantly. Then after a pause

he added, "You don't seem very enthusiastic."

"I was just wondering,"she said, "if the black cloud of unbelief in your mind and the smoke from your cigarettes would smother your love for me as it has for the gospel."

"Oh, no. Hardly that bad,"he laughed uneasily.

"I don't know. You promised when I was home before that

you would give them up. What if I should keep my promises to you

in the same manner. Why should you expect me to keep them?"

He felt he could give no adequate answer. His mind seemed

slow and numb. The cigarettes were failing him when he needed

them when he wished to appear his best. most—just

"Sorry I can't ask you in,"Ora said abruptly, "but I must get ready to go back to my flock of kiddies. School in the morning,

you know."She hurried into the house leaving Harry to stare stupidly after her. Why had she left him like this? he wondered. Did she really

have to spend all afternoon getting ready to leave or was she disgusted with him? Had she meant what she said about breaking

her promise?

He turned and walked slowly toward the outskirts of the town.

He still held the cigarette butt between his fingers. He held it up

and looked at it as though he had just seen it for the first time.

What a sillylooking thing it was for a grown man to be carrying around! A little poison wrapped in a little piece of paper for a

budding god to suck to keep up his courage! A toy that he might

make little gray clouds of smoke! And yet he, who needed a "pacifier"

the same as a baby, had set himself up to judge the way of God.

He threw the cigarette butt down and ground it into the soil with his heel. Then, he climbed a fence and wandered out through the

fields.

Ora was right. He had been looking on life through a haze

of tobacco smoke, while a black cloud of doubt gathered in his mind.

He had accumulated a lot of snapjudgments and in his stupidity had imagined them to be weighty facts.

Abruptly he stopped. He seated himself on a ditchbank and

took from his pocket his package of cigarettes. He arranged them

slowly and carefully into a little pyramid and applied a lighted match

646 IMPROVEMENT ERA

With a glow of triumph he watched the gray smoke writhe about like a wounded snake in the agonies of death. Slowly it grew thinner

and weaker until nothing was left but a little mound of gray ashes.

Then Harry knew that the black cloud in his mind had a silver lining. He turned his face toward the white clouds of springtime and

asked God for strength. And he knew his prayer would be answered.

Preston, Idaho

The M. I. A. Slogan

Honor thy father and mother, To their advice and counsel

Israel's children were told Listen and always heed.

When the Lord spoke unto Moses,

From the mount in days of old. Honor thy father and mother,

Ever give love and reverence Go to them now and say

To those who gave thee birth, Father, Mother, I owe you

I ever can pay.Then will the Lord reward thee More than

I'll give you And lengthen thy days on earth. Honor and love

All my days shall be spent In the endeavor to bring you Honor thy father and mother, Happiness and content."

Make it your motto each day;

It is the Lord's commandment, Honor thy father and mother.

One that we must obey. Thy parents who gave thee birth,

Unto your parents ever Then shall thy days of living

Go in your time of need. Be lengthened upon the earth.

Twin Falls, Idaho. S. A. PURRINGTON.

We Want, We Long to do the Right

We want the right, oh, Father dear,

Be worthy of thy Father love;

We come with humble hearts sincere,

Hear thou our pleadings from above,

Guide us,away from tempting snares;

And, Father, hear our suppliant prayers;

Keep us by day, and hold by night;

We want, we long to do the right.

We thank thee for thy love divine,

For teachings brought us, old and new,

For beauties found in field, on hill,

Grant thou our acts shall prove us true.

Though thoughtless oft, we try to live

Conforming to the laws you give.

We strive to serve with all our might

We want, we long to do the right.

Deweyville, Utcih. M. Dewey.

REUNITED A True Story By Mrs. Alice Morrill

James Briant sat in his palatial office on M Street in the rich mining center of B. There was a pause in his work, as he waited for

the other members of the firm to enter, when together they would go over the business of the corporation and thus form an estimate of what he believed would be their mammoth assets. Mr. B's mind

had long been running in one of making money earn groove—that

money. For years he had bent all his energies in that direction.

As Mr. Briant sat there in his office this afternoon, the factors

which had been dominant in his rise to wealth passed before his mind in ever changing juxtaposition, like the figures in a kaleidoscope.

It was almost like a dream and yet there was one thought, clear and plain, which was that had he remained in Utah, wealth would have eluded him.

In "The Valleys"he was just a common farmer drudging away on sixty acres of land, paying one tenth of his meager income into the Church treasury, making donations now and then from the residue and devoting time, besides, to Church duties. No, he would never

have accrued wealth had he remained a "Mormon."

James Briant thanked his lucky stars that his eyes had been opened in time to save his children, Hugh and Hazel, from growing up in of course, had "the break"between himself and poverty—for,

his Church never occurred, Hugh would have inherited the farm with all its attendant hard work and meager remuneration, while Hazel would have been a common country girl and grown up to be a typical "Mormon"woman.

The partners entered soon and their findings of the next few hours verified Mr. Briant's conclusion that he was indeed a rich man

rich in stocks and bonds and silver and gold. The struggle of years

along the upward climb of material things had reached its goal, but, if the truth be told, there was still something lacking in the resultant victory. But as Mr. Briant rode home that evening in his shining

limousine, he would not have acknowledged to any one that there was any shadow of disappointment in what the years of his strenuous effort had brought him.

Sometimes, in the lives of mortals, time passes by, bringing few changes, but with Mr. Briant and his family, this was not the

case. Swiftly he had climbed to the pinnacle of wealth and swiftly

he was to be hurled down and then, before he had even found his bearings in his changed situation, fortune smiled on his almost frenzied 648 IMPROVEMENT ERA

efforts and hope of retrieving his lost fortunes again pursued him only to pass him by and once more leave him stranded.

Added to these buffetings of fate, was the growing realization that

Hugh, his only son, was growing to have ideals not in harmony with his father's ambitions, indeed he seemed to be losing faith in his father and was becoming silent and almost morose in his father's presence.

The dreams of companionship, man with man, the realization of which Mr. Briant had always looked forward to, had failed to

materialize. Of late, the barrier between the two, father and son, had

increased in density.

"I will stay with you, Father, until you are on your feet again, financially, and then I am going for myself."

That was all. There had been no open rupture.

The parting of the ways had come, now three years ago when

Hugh was twentyone. Since then father and son had not met.

Hazel was devoted to her father and had worked hard to support herself and help out with the family income while Mother labored beyond her strength at homekeeping for them all.

Occasionally a letter came from Hugh containing money but these were always sent through some other person's hands and in a round about way so that the whereabouts of the sender might not be known. Mr. Briant had saved this money received from his son,

not using a penny, partly on account of independent pride and partly because he had lost faith in the materialistic side of human destiny and thought Hugh might some day need his savings himself.

However, there came a time when Mr. Briant weakened physically

and could no longer pursue his daily work. Mrs. Briant was not

strong enough to keep up with the necessary household tasks and give her husband the attention he needed and so Hazel had to come home and assist her mother.

"Thank heaven we have Hugh's money!"she remarked to her

mother as she exchanged her office suit for a housedress and proceeded to "set"the neglected house "to rights.""Yes, we shall need

it,"her mother rejoined and then added reassuringly, "But we will get along all right, Hazel."

The next evening Mrs. Briant came to Hazel with an anxious

look on her face.

"Your father is so despondent, Hazel, I believe he is constantly thinking about Hugh."

"I wish Hugh would come back,"Hazel replied thoughtfully, and then added with serious eyes, "I think his presence is the only thing that would help Father."

"Well, the Mother replied paradoxically, "I do, and I don't,

REUNITED 649

Hugh was unhappy here, and some way I feel as if he is all right where he is."

"Mother, do you know where Hugh is?"Hazel queried

hungrily. "No, Hazel, I do not and yet whenever I think of him a peaceful feeling pervades my soul. I cannot explain it nor even understand it myself, but it is true."

Evening after evening Mr. Briant sat propped up in his easy chair,

or lay upon the couch before the fire in silence. It seemed as if

his mind were miles away from his surroundings as indeed it was.

The past was passing before him as a far off face of a loved friend obtrudes itself, ofttimes, on almost dreamless sleep.

Mr. Briant was living again the years of his youth in far away

Utah. He. was contrasting the peace and quiet of his life back there,

with the "blare and glitter and rush, with its maddened grasp for painted baubles,"of the city he had lived in for fifteen years.

How trivial, now, appeared the little tangled situation which had assumed such big proportions in his mind back there, and finally set him adrift from his moorings.

"Oh Father,"he secretly prayed, lead me back and teach me to walk in thy ways. Restore me to the path by which I may renew

my covenants with thee."Such thoughts would take possession

of his consciousness and give him hope and joy and then the sick man's mind would lose its grasp and something would seem to whisper, "It is too late. Your youth has gone. You have lost your opportunity."

Wife and daughter left no effort unmade to recall him from his seeming lethargy. Their gentle ministrations were constant

and patient until at last the pent up feelings of his heart broke forth one evening as the three sat about the open grate in the little sitting room.

"Mother and Hazel,"he broke out suddenly, "I cannot stand to Utah. I havethis any longer. I want to go back home—back

tried all these years to forget 'Mormonism,'but if I could be back tonight in the little gray chapel in L. ward listening to words of

truth and love as they fell from the lips of dear old Bishop Peterson, I would give all that I ever owned of worldly goods, if I could receive administration and a blessing at the hands of those good men and faithful, my ward teachers of long ago, I would give the best years of my life."

Quietly, but with shining eyes Mrs. Briant arose from her place,

and going over to her husband, knelt at his side and took in both her own his thin trembling hands, "James,"she said with a look of happiness upon her face, "you cannot know how I have longed to hear the words you have just spoken. For years, in my heart I

650 IMPROVEMENT ERA

have yearned to go back but I didn't dream that such a feeling would ever come to you."

Hazel stood listening in wonderment and then exclaimed passionately, "No, Mother, Father, let's not go to Utah, let's stay here until Hugh comes back. Oh, you don't know what this separation

from my brother has meant to me."

With a sigh, Mr. Briant sank back in his chair. "Let us not

talk more about it. I must lie down."

The outburst of long pentup feelings was followed by a few moments of more than usual depression and Mr. Briant lay upon

his couch without moving or speaking.

But the springs of feeling, so long held in check had to flow forth and later in the evening, he, himself reintroduced the subject so near his heart.

"Don't you remember, Mother, when we were children we used to go to the same Sunday school in our little home ward? Ah,"he

mused, "I remember the superintendent and some of the teachers as if I had seen them but yesterday, and the Mutual and Priesthood meeting officers, and all. I know, now, that the things they taught

me have always remained in my mind as gems of truth, though my stubborn will has kept a barrier between those early days and our lives out here.

And then, after a few moments of rest, "What would I not give to see an Elder of the Church! I have not thought much about it

before, but I am wondering if there aren't missionaries in this city.

Oh, if I could but see one!"

Hazel listened with tense interest to her father's words. She

had never heard her parents speak of these things before; they were all

new to her, as she was only three years of age and Hugh was ten when their parents had come to B. to live. That night she lay awake

long after she had retired for rest, thinking of what she had so recently learned of her parents'early life.

"Oh, if Hugh were only here,"was the burden of her thoughts, "we could conspire some way to get them back to the life they had loved so long ago."

The next evening, Mr. Briant seemed to have relapsed into

his former state of silent dejection. Once Mrs. Briant sought to

arouse his interest by suggesting semicasually, that perhaps they could yet go back home after he should get a little stronger but he petulantly bade her not to mention it again. "It is all in the past,"

he said. "There is no more use of thinking about it. Let us

forget."Hazel slipped away and went to her room. Presently she returned to the door of the sitting room and beckoned her mother out

into the hall.

She was dressed for the street. "Mother,"she said, "I am going

REUNITED 651

out into the city to find some "Mormon"elders. I telephoned today

and found out that there are some here in the city, and learned that they have headquarters in the Building, on State street. You

know that is near the office where I used to work, o I know right where to go."

Mrs. Briant's face was beaming. "Oh, Hazel it is too good

to be true, but what shall I say if your father asks for you?"

"Tell him the truth. I will be gone beyond his recall and it is

all for him, you know."

President Cardson was in the office and smiled pleasantly when

Hazel introduced herself and explained her errand.

But in reply to her request, he said gently, "There are no elders here now, excepting two new elders who have just come in from

Utah. They came up from the train that brought them in, only a few

minutes ago, and of course I couldn't think of sending them outuntil—

President Cardson got no farther, for one of the new missionaries who had been taking care of his duststained travelingbag and overcoat in an adjoining room, rushed past him like the wind, and clasped the visitor in his arms.

"Hugh, Hugh, where did you come from?"was all Hazel could

say. "From dear old Utah, little Sister, I was going right out to see you and Father and Mother as soon as I could get the dust of travel off my clothes.

"Oh, Hugh,"Hazel faltered, "Father is so sick and we wantyou so—

"Sick? Father? Hugh exclaimed, I will go right out with you,"

know,and then added, "Father needn't I—at first.missionary—that is—not Hazel, that I am a 'Mormon'

"Oh Hugh,"Hazel broke in, "he's calling for the 'Mormon'elders. That's why I came. I found out that there were some in

the city and I came to take them to him. Little did I know whom

I should find here."

President Cardson was already putting on his overcoat. "Elder

Briant, we will go together,"he said simply, and then added fervently as the three passed out into the lighted street, "Thanks be to our Father that you came tonight."

Tridell, Utah TEACHING AS A VOCATION By L. John Nuttal, Jr.

Dean of College of Education, Brigham Young University

Teaching is work and has attached to it all of the benefits of a hard job. It requires the complete services of real men for its

satisfactory accomplishments. One who selects to teach can well

remember Carlyle's words:

Blessed is he who has found his work; let him ask no other blessedness. He

has a work, a life purpose; he has found it and will follow it.

There is a perennial nobleness, and even sacredness in work. Were he never

so benighted, forgetful of his high calling, there is always hope Jin a man mat actually and earnestly works.

Books are needed, but yet not many books. A few well read. An open, true,

patient, and valiant soul is needed; that is the one thing needful.

The choosing of a vocation demands thought on several questions. The first of these is, "Can I succeed?"Young men should

choose teaching when they feel sure they can succeed, for failure here affects too many lives to be lightly thought of. We are at times

stirred up by stories of the suffering and loss of opportunity of little children because of parental or industrial imposition of hard labor.

The young person who does not weigh these same consequences on the child must realize that when he attempts to teach, as a stepping stone to his success in some other line, he is equally cruel to children.

If preceding this attempt to teach he really prepares for it, he can do good teaching, but this process is wasteful in the life of the person aiming at some other calling.

The prospective teacher must love children and be happy with them. He must be able to see hopeful manhood in each boy, and a

young lady of promise in each girl. Teachers must be able to guide

young people in growth toward maturity so that they are guided by noble ideals, have habits of wholesome living, know enough to appreciate and love life in all its phases and be skilful in some useful art.

Each teacher each day must contribute to this end. A county superintendent has stated it thus:

'TIS THIS TO TEACH A. F. HARMAN

County Superintendent of Education, Montgomery, Alabama

To take a child in gentle hands

And lead him into mystic lands,

Where veils no longer shroud the past

And each new hope o'erglows the last 'Tis this to teach.

TEACHING AS A VOCATION 653

To light new fires where old have burned.

With brave, good hearts, as roads are turned.

To find new stars where darkness sways,

Whose light one day shall mark the ways 'Tis this to teach.

To fill the childworld brim with joy.

To charm and hold some errant boy

With stern ambition, or some song

Of right triumphant over wrong 'Tis this to teach.

To move dread mountains dark with fear,

By faith of young hearts drawing near

The paths the fathers long have trod,

The narrow paths that lead to God 'Tis this to teach.

In deciding whether to teach or not, settle first the question:

"With my ability, can I do this kind of work?"

The second point to consider is the preparation needed. In most

of the western states and rural schools generally the minimum rapidly being adopted is high school graduation and one year of college work.

In cities and the more favored rural sections two years of college are required, and the New York Rural School Survey urged three years of training for all schools in the state of New York. For high school

work College graduation is required. The preparation is not measured alone by the amount. Teaching is one of the most specialized

of the arts. This is being emphasized more and more as compulsory

attendance regulations force children into school. To teach these

pupils of varied ability successfully requires thought, power, and skill in several lines. First is the ability to interpret child motives and

tendencies and to understand their behavior, especially to know what the learning of behavior is; second is the knowledge of subject matter

and the ability to select and organize this for effective teaching; third

is skill in organizing a classroom with all its routine and variable factors so that every child will learn; fourth is that power to know what

to say and do as a teacher in a given learning situation that makes progress by the pupils certain.

These are the technical, professional requirements made a part of the college work. Their transfer value to other professions is not

great, so young men should choose carefully before going into this preparation for teaching work. A year ago a young man came into

the office and asked what he would need to do and how long it would take him to become a successful superintendent of schools. He was

told the preparation would take about twelve years, and should include a twoyear normal course, followed by two or three years experience in the elementary schools, part of the time as principal, it possible; next, some additional schooling to complete his college course,

followed by a similar experience in the high schools; finally, he

should take at least one year of graduate work in Educational Admin654 IMPROVEMENT ERA

he could consistantly and hopefully become a superistration,—then

intendent. He went away somewhat discouraged, but this fall wrote

a letter which read about as follows:

"Kindly reserve a place for me in training. The young man to whom

you said last year that it would take about twelve years to become a successful superintendent of schools, is now about to begin the long journey."

Here is the prospect of a great school man, because the selection of the profession has been properly made.

The third big question in choosing a profession is that of remuneration. To a young man who wrote to the National Education

Association, asking the question of pay coupled with the significant query: "Would you advise your best friend to teach?"the reply was

sent in the following words:.

Our overstrained materialistic age, it is true, gives its most soughtfor sanctions to material success. This would not be so unfortunate were it not

for the correlative fact that low material rewards tend inevitably to brand an individual as a "failure,"and an occupation as unworthy of serious pursuit.

We agree with those who deny that money is the sole measure of worth in is justAmerican life. It is not. It is only the basic standard—which

as bad, if not worse.

Marked success in medicine, engineering, law, authorship, journalism, invention, and other occupations brings not only distinction but a relatively large share of material prosperity. This is something relatively new in

human history. The time was, and not so very long ago, when highly

successful writers, artists, and musicians were likely to be penniless, when keen lawyers wore shabby clothes, and when good physicians had about the same social and financial status as flunkeys. But all this has been changed. Even

successful preaching may now make a man a millionaire, as Mr. Sunday's

career so spectacularly proves.

The financial rewards of teaching are not as high as those paid to the most successful in most of the other professions, but people are becoming more willing to >ay adequately for good teaching, so this question can be answered with a promise for better pay.

To the fourth question: "Is the social status of the worker

desirable?"there is nothing but joy and pleasure to hold out to the

prospective teacher. People respect the teacher for the work he is

doing and realize its importance in all life activity. About the only

serious difficulty a teacher meets in this regard comes when some individual or small faction desire the teacher to further their own special activities. The future civilization rests in the work of the teachers

of today. The weight of this responsibility makes the choice of this

vocation a serious one, but the glory of achievement raises one to the highest rank among those respected for great service.

Is the personal life of the teacher a satisfactory one? This is the

fifth question to consider. Unfortunately, in most communities in

the past and in a few places yet, there has been a tradition that a short tenure for a teacher was desirable. That day is changing. Men and

women who teach well are being encouraged to stay, and are being

TEACHING AS A VOCATION 655

rewarded for staying. With this point of view predominating, so that

teachers can get a home and feel that there is a certain surety of tenure as well as promotion, being a teacher is pleasant. Contact with young

TRAINING TO BE TEACHERS

A fourth year highschool class studying English under the direction of a practice teacher and the supervision of experts at the Brigham Young University, Provo.

The two men standing by the board are William H. Boyle, principal of the

secondary training school, left; and Amos N. Merrill, professor of secondary

teaching, right. Maud Dixon Markham, the regular teacher, stands by the door.

people is uplifting and keeps one optimistic and youthful. The activities engaged in keep the teacher in contact with recreational agencies.

Always looking for something good to teach causes one to see good in everything. In the May number, 1922, of the Journal of the National Education Association these advantages are summarized:

1. Teaching pays. Besides everincreasing financial compensation, the

teaching profession offers the highest social sanctions and rewards.

2. Teaching is a growing profession. The nation now requires the

services of 700,000 teachers. There is a strong demand that teachers be

better trained. As training increases, the financial and social rewards likewise

increase. 3. Teaching offers a growing career. The welltrained teacher need

have no fear of unemployment, but may look forward to increasing opportunities commensurate with added training and growth in personal fitness.

4. Teaching offers mental and moral growth. The soundest mental

and moral processes are involved in the making of good citizens.

656 IMPROVEMENT ERA

5. Teaching is building. The teacher shapes the unfolding life of

childhood and radiates ideals and purposes that in the citizenship of tomorrow will become the fabric of an improved social structure.

6. Teaching inspires high ideals. There is nothing nobler or more

practical than to shape and to guide the ideals and practices of the young citizens who are soon to be the nation's responsible leaders.

7. Teaching is service. Those who enter this high calling enjoy the

spiritual development and true happiness that come from rendering real service to the republic.

8. Teaching insures big opportunities. With growth and inspiration

come multiplied opportunities for selfimprovement, for rearing the family in a wholesome atmosphere, and for living and building on life's best side.

9. Teaching is practical patriotism. Inspiring young citizens and directing problems of citizenship practice is a ministry essential to a democracy.

10. Teaching is the profession of professions. Measured by the standards that make life genuinely rich and happy, teaching offers opportunities

beyond those of other professions. Teaching is the clearinghouse of the

past, the guide of the present, and the prophet of the future. It is therefore

necessary that the nation's finest talents should be consecrated to public education upon which the perpetuity of American ideals and the salvation of the republic depend.

Summing it all up, the outlook is such that today we can safely say that teaching is an occupation to which manly men can dedicate their lives.

Provo, Utah.

Peaks

Mighty peaks resplendent with the glory

Of a sun arising blithely from the east.

With each recurring day I read a story

Engraven en your timeworn rugged faces,

A tale that tells of love and joy and sorrow.

Lived long ago by prehistoric races,

Who from your heights looked out on laughing waters,

Or angry waters as they chanced to be.

And I wonder, did you give unto those others,

The strength that you each day give unto me?

The winds wage fiercest battle at your summits,

About your beetling crags the lightnings flash,

Their keenest thrust of poignant, fiery lances;

The sombre clouds their weight of teardrops dash

Against your brows, yet you do stand unriven;

Great stalwart waTdens of now fertile land,

The power is yours to bear whate'er is given,

And a ceaseless source of inspiration be,

To souls that cringe beneath life's stormy conflict,

If they but will to upward look and see.

Provo, Utah. GRACE INGLES FROST.

"HE THAT WOULD BE GREATEST"By Mary H. Woolsey

II Before dawn, the mob, at best, it streaming mob—for was—was

over the broad highway that led to Varna; growing larger each time

it came to a crossroads or passed through a little village. The women

and the few men who were loyal, stood about in whitefaced groups, speaking in dismal whispers or excited voices.

Through the wide gates of Varna, up the broad avenue to the palace doors, the revolutionists surged at last. The soldiers, whom

they had expected to oppose them, were nowhere to be in seen—nor,

fact, was anyone else. They paused in indecision; and at that moment, King Maros stepped from an open doorway onto a low balcony

and thus addressed them:

"Tivranians, come not with weapons, I your king am but your servant, to do for you the best I can. If I have failed, dismiss me.

I shall not demand bloodshed for the gaining of what is rightfully yours already."

Amid a ripple of surprise, the young king removed his crown and sword and royal robes, and laid them on the stone coping of the balcony. "They are yours, men of Tivrania. Do with them what you will.

I am no longer your king."And he was gone.

Gone, also, the mob spirit from the mob. It was as if a toy

balloon had been pricked with a pin. That glamour lent by difficulty

of attainment, fell away when what they sought was suddenly thrown into their hands. Arad was dismayed.

"It is victory, victory!"he shouted in a fruitless endeavor to revive their enthusiasm. "It is time to select your new ruler."

But one of the older peasants spoke up, "Rather, it is time to go to our homes, and forget what fools we have been."

His words brought a flush of shame to many faces, and the men began to move slowly back through the gates. A few who might

otherwise have followed Arad and ransacked the royal houses, were restrained by the action of the majority; and Arad, realizing that it

would be the safer course, fell in with their mood.

So homeward, silent and ashamed, went the sobered Tivranian revolutionists, undefeated, yet without glory or pride of victory. Homeward, under darkening skies, their way marked by bonfires which they

built to rest beside at times during the night. Homeward, to face their

womenfolk with hung heads and downcast eyes; and finally to try to

veil their shame by admitting that they had made a mistake, and to bury their regret in the lure of Arad's in his skill he adventures—for

themmade them forget the part he had played among them—kept

from recognizing the wolf that he was.

658 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I shall stay yet ahwile,"he said to himself. "'Tis a stupid

place, but better than hustling possibly I may still gain always—and

my desire."

So, at the end of the quiet, almost dull days, when the peasants, yielding to lifelong habit, came to the inn, Arad became again the storyteller, and strove to make more secure his place among them.

And so successful was he that soon he was admitted occasionally at

Misivri's Amadra's eyes burned brightly under the spell house—and

of his eloquence.

To Lago, this situation was unbearable, and he could not make himself pleasant company; so he went no more to the merchant's

house, but sat beside his own fire, alone and filled with gloom. And

thus he sat one evening when Shumla ready as always came,—Shumla,

to sympathize or advise; but with a calm eagerness in his manner

which had never been there, even though they were more silent than ever they had been.

In the morning, as they watched the sun rise over the mountains, whose peaks were now white with snow, Lago asked as always: "Can

you not stay here, Shumla?"

But this time Shumla answered, "Yes, I can stay. Lago—now

My business no longer needs me."

So Shumla remained at Urtutz, or near week piled there—while

upon week and winter closed in on Tivrania. His especial pet now

was the little crippled Dorene, the fiddler's son, who reclined always upon his couch; until Shumla had made for him a chair which might

be wheeled about and placed wherever desired. Hour by hour, Shumla's

fairy tales and quaint songs beguiled the little fellow's weary time away, and made him laugh with the great joy of his father glee—to

and mother and the warm approval of all the villagers.

Life slipped into its old suddenly was jolted by the ways—then

realization that Tivrania was now without a head. The king, Maros,

could not be found. The nobles and ministers, with no guiding hand

to restrain them, fell to quarreling over trifles. Varna was thrown

into an uproar. The army disbanded and the soldiers returned to their

homes, leaving the little country unprotected.

One thing was must have a leader. But whom? certain—they

One was too thoughtless; another too stern; this one was suspected

of being dishonest, that one was generally disliked. Arad listened

awhile, and when they had debated for some time, tacitly suggested that he would be an excellent premier for Tivrania.

But he had reckoned without the vision and insight of the blind priest Saghra. The old man's lifted hand commanded silence: "You,

Arad? You would become premier, would you? Have you forgotten that you are an alien? Having been among us for one short

season, you think you can understand our needs? Was it not just for

this that you came here and incited a peaceful people to rise against a king who had served them well?"

"HE THAT WOULD BE GREATEST"659

Father Saghra's tone was low and stern. And at last the peasants

understood and turned upon Arad with shouts and threats, bidding him begone with his wolf's heart and his fox's cunning. Muttering curses

against the blind priest's intervention, Arad stalked away.

Lago, watching him, saw him pause a moment to glance back down the street past the crowd; and turning, Lago saw a flash of

scarlet against the white wall of Misivri's house. His heart leaped, for

it was surely Amadra's bright shawl. He looked again towards Arad

to see him turning from the highway, to quickly disappear behind some cottages. Suspicious, Lago hurried towards the merchant's

house. As he drew near he saw that Amadra had gone to the well,

where she stood motionless, her pail in her hand, staring before her;

and presently Arad approached from that direction and began to speak in a low tone. Knowing that the girl was alone at home, Lago drew

as near as he could, sheltered behind a group of beeches. Somewhat

indistinctly, he could hear the words Arad spoke: "I am going away,

Amadra. Come with me."

"Where?"she asked, startled.

"Adventuring, sweet maid. To the ends of the earth, perhaps."

"I wish you good speed, then,"Amadra replied calmly.

"I did not ask for your good wishes,"he retorted, "but for you. Think, and I, and all the world our playground! girl—you "like the tales I told you

"Ah, to listen to, Arad. But to live Four yes—pretty in—no.walls and a roof and a are better shelter."fire—they

"For common clay, say,"returned Arad, "which you are not.

Your house should be a palace; you should be robed in costly silks

and your play things should be jewels. I shall give you them. Come!""

She eyed him steadily, neither moving nor replying.

"Think!"he urged. "Would you remain here to become mistress in a to a stupid peasant like—hovel?—slave

"Stop!"she cried, furiously. "I want not his name on your

tongue! I would not trade a hair of his head for all that you can

offer."Arad's face darkened with anger. "Now I say you shall come!"

he exclaimed, seizing her roughly, and as she cried out, "Silence, girl!

But then who is near enough to hear?"

"I am!"shouted Lago, leaping swiftly from his hidingplace.

Arad, startled, released Amadra and turned to see Lago approaching, then fled ignominiously.

"Coward!"Lago yelled after him, "coward and traitor! Dare

ever to show your face in Urtutz again, and you shall suffer for it!"

Amadra had crouched back against the wall, quivering with relief from her fright. Lago turned towards her slowly.

"He will not trouble you more, I think,"he said, and then was silent; loath to leave her presence, yet afraid to speak further.

"I am sick of him and his boastings!"the girl exclaimed with

660 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sudden vehemence. Then, "Why have you deserted our fireside,

Lago?""Because there is not room for him and me beneath the same roof,"bluntly. "Would you have it so?"

"Pshaw! would but see if you can be slow Lago—I jealous—so

you are!"Then she looked at him directly and the color flamed in

her cheeks; she caught up her pail and ran swiftly into the house,

while his adoring eyes followed her until she slammed the door behind her. Then he hurried homeward, quite forgetting such an unimportant trifle as the selection of a successor to the king; intent only on

doing his chores and making ready for the evening's visit.

Days passed, and no ruler was selected for Tivrania. The

peasants were puzzled. How could they select a ruler when they could

not all agree on anyone?

The snow came, drifting heavily over the fields and hillsides, and the children began to talk eagerly of the king's annual festival. Their

parents listened with heavy hearts, fearful lest the little ones might be sadly disappointed. When would there be again a king in Tivrania?

Then, one night, a band of robbers galloped in from beyond the mountains, terrorized the villiages, and drove away many sheep and cattle and horses. When at last they had gone, the people ran to their priests,

begging them to help select a king who would bring peace to the little country again.

Father Saghra stood within his little gray church, his face lined with sadness and pity. Every ear strained to catch the words of his

prayer: "* * * As that of children in mischief has been their sin, O

God; and in repentance they turn to thee. Father, forgive them, and

help them to find the one amongst them who is greatest of all. Let

them remember the words of our Savior, that he who is greatest is he who serves best. Give them of thy wisdom, that they may know who

will serve them best; and so let them have peace. Amen."

Slowly they filed out of the church, lingering near to talk together. Olgetz had brought his little crippled son, and the child was

riotously happy to be abroad at night. His gayety quickly made him

the center of an admiring group.

"Little Dorene of the light heart!"murmured an old peasant.

"Would it not be wonderful if a child all innocence and purity should point out to us our king?"

the little boy repeated merrily. "King—king,"

'"Tis the first time he would say the word,"explained Olgetz.

At that moment Shumla, the last to leave the church, stood in the doorway pulling on his heavy cap. The lantern's light shone on

him, and Dorene quickly recognized his friend.

"Shumla! Shumla!"he shouted, stretching out both chubby mittened hands, eager to show off his latest accomplishment. As Shumla

"HE THAT WOULD BE GREATEST"661

smiled and came near, the child shouted again, "King, say, Shumla—I

breathless the crowd. Someone laughed. king!"Silence—a silence—held

"King Shumla! Why not?"

Suddenly they knew that among them all there was no one better loved nor more trusted than he. Who had not benefited by his

helpfulness and kindliness? A great shout went up.

"Shumla shall be our king!""But I thought—"he stammered irresolutely. "I thought that

you no longer wanted a you would have some other—king—that

"But we know not the ways of any other,"broke in Datmir, eagerly. "It is a king we need."And another cheer confirmed his

words.

Shumla turned, to see the old priest standing near by, smiling benignantly, and staggered towards him.

"Father Saghra, I must speak with you!"

Inside the church door, out of hearing of the joywild crowd, the good old man laid affectionate hands on the young man's shoulders. "Shumla, Shumla! Did you then think I do not know?"

"You knew, Father long?"Saghra!—How

"Always, -I think,"replied the priest. "The blind, Shumla,

sometimes see what others never can."

Shumla bowed his head reverently.

"Poor children!"the holy man said softly. "It has been a

lesson for them; next time they will turn deaf ears to the voice of evil

counsel. But it will be a beautiful joke at the end, Shumla. * * *

be withNow you must be gone about your business—and may God

you."Tivrania marveled and rejoiced at the expertness of the. new

king. How swiftly his ruling spread peace over the land! An end to

the quarrels, the bickerings! The army, reunited; the brigands put to

flight! Everywhere, industry and content as of old.

Every home was a scene of hustling activity. Mornings were

spent in the kitchens; afternoons at weaving, knitting, sewing; evenings

at making candles and at dancing. And at all times there was singing, and laughter, and hopefulness.

Storms piled the snow deep, and vanished, leaving the countryside glistening beneath the drifts. The days were clear and pleasant;

the nights, starrily, crisply cold. And at last the king issued a proclamation bidding all Tivranians to assemble at Varna for a great festival

of celebration.

At last the great day came. Resplendent in new finery, the peasants made ready their sledges, and beneath warm fur robes set ouc Ou

the journey to Varna and the king's festival. Hearts were light and

faces glowed with happy excitement, and the air was filled with laughter and song as they sped along their way.

662 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The great Hall of State was gay with decorations which shimmered in the soft light of many candles, and strange sweet music could be heard. On tables round about were the gilded fruits and the little

cakes, and bags of nuts and sweetmeats which would be given the people at the end of the festival.

With exclamations of delight, the people separated into groups and waited eagerly for the king to appear. In he came, his royal robes

trailing and his crown glittering. It was a strange Shumla, but his

smile was the same and he spoke to them merrily in answer to their shouts of acclamation.

Amid the eager flutter, Shumla was approached by one of his ministers, and as they conversed, the candlelight illumed his face, now serious and it was the face of the king whom they intent—and

had driven away in the autumn! The room seemed charged with anelectric stillness; then—"'Tis Maros himself!"exclaimed a dozen

voices; and the king raised his head, smiling at their amazed recognition.

For it was true. He whom they knew and loved and had chosen

king, was the same as he whom, in ignorance and listening to the tempter, they had rebelled against. Of Maros they had stood in awe;

but to the vagabond storyteller, Shumla, they had opened their thus had the king learned the whole truth regarding theirhearts—and

conditions, and been enabled to rule for their genuine good.

"But truly I would rather be Shumla than Maros,"the king said wistfully; yet he knew that never again would their king seem

remote from them, and that the uncovering of his secret would not end his pleasant evenings of storytelling and mingling with the peasants whom he loved. For the king would be Maros, and Shumla

always their friendly companion; and if a king be a the friend—why,

difference is but the presence or absence of a crown.

(The End)

Looking Forward

Let us store up all the sunshine Let us harness all the moonbeams

Glistening through the Summer's day, That some night of disillusionment

That we may have some to feast on May be brightened by the shining

When the skies are cold and grey. Of promises Heaven sent.

Let us cultivate our gardens Let us not neglect the friendships

Until the weeds of worthlessness Which endeavor have kept green,

Are replaced by flowers of beauty That in the hours of loneliness

With borders of blessedness. We a cheering smile may glean.

Let us stretch the line of patience Let us store, and save, and gather

That all our griefs may air, Every bit of love and joy,

And be cleansed of selfish groanings Lest some day we may miss them

That on another's patience wear. As a child a loved, lost toy.

A. Henderson.

Photo by Ben Swapp.

Top: Showing trees "spotted"which will be cut and peeled so as to expose

the larvae to the light which kills them. Bottom: The Greenland Point

"Bug Camp"in the Grand Canyon.National Park.

TALES OF THE TRAILS

3. A Bug Story

By Joe Hickman This is a true story about bugs that are destroying millions of dollars'worth of your property each year. I learned these facts in the

Grand Canyon National Park last summer, when I followed a trail that led to a "bug camp,"out on Greenland Point. We stopped at

the Park Ranger station and inquired if Ranger Ben Swapp had been seen going by that way.

"Yes,"answered Winess, the Park ranger, "Ben went up the trail yonder about an hour ago, on his way to the bug cainp."

"Bug camp?"

"Yep,"went on Winess, "din't you know we maintained camps here for bugs?"We all laughed, being under the impression that this

664 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was doubtless a term that the rangers had adapted to their use for the purpose of designating a certain class of tourists. It struck me

as very fitting, and I wondered if he thought of directing our party that way; so, inquired farther.

"What are your special requirements for admission to a bug camp?

Do you think we would make suitable additions?"

Winess will joke with you as long as you are game, and he does not draw the line on strangers. Having met him a few days

previous, we were, in terms of the trails, old acquaintances. Seeing

the interpretation we had placed on the term, he continued, "I am not sure you fellows could secure permanent membership in one of those camps. You see you have either to know considerable about bugs

or else you have to be able to swing an ax for about ten hours a day."

Not wishing to push the matter to a test in either of these respects, we dropped the subject of admission and inquired relative to the definition of the term.

Bug camps, we learned, are the camps maintained by the U. S.

Bureau of Entomology for the men who are working on the problem of insect control. The Greenland Point camp, which was one of

the three camps being maintained at the time of our visit, is an example of them all. It consisted of the tents of about sixty laborers,

also a large cooktent and dining room, near which were the tents of the directors of the experiment. I call the venture an experiment

for, although it has cost the Government hundreds of thousands of dollars in money expended and timber destroyed, it still remains a question what the results will be from the standpoint of conservation.

We spent some time at the camp, learning that the work was being pursued for the purpose of controling, if not exterminating, the Black Hills beetle. This beetle causes the death anaually of

millions of dollars worth of timber on the Kaibab forest and in the

Grand Canyon National Park. Doubtless it is doing its deadly work

on many of our other forests, and if the methods being tried out in Arizona prove successful they will probably be followed on other timebered areas. Let us note here, for the sake of our more technical

readers, that a beetle is not a bug and in this respect the term used on the forest is a misnomer. However, the term is well fixed in the

local phraseology and will be used in this article with this understanding.

Some idea of the seriousness of the situation may be gained from noting the fact that the timber cut and peeled by the "bug men,"in their efforts last summer alone, if valued at $25. per thousand board

feet, would be a loss of a quarter of a million dollars. In noting this

fact, let us consider further that the timber cut and peeled is very insignificant when one compares it with the hundreds of acres of standing dead timber that he sees in the because of the region,—dead

work of the beetle. If a "fire bug"caused a fire that destroyed

a million dollars worth of our property we would flash the news in red headlines across the nation. Yet here is an army of more fearTALES OF THE TRAILS 665

ful "bugs"that are causing annual losses of more than this amount and many of us know little, if anything, of his activities.

To further impress the vastness of the venture being made by our

Bureau of Entomology in control of the beetle let us quote the following from figures Ben Swapp has given me in his summary of the work of the past year:

"The method of control being tried is that of cutting down the infested trees and peeling the bark, thus exposing the beetle while in its larvae stage. Being thus exposed the larvae die and the spread of the beetle

is thus checked. The bark peeled from trees the past summer would weigh

approximately 10,452,000 pounds. If spread out it would cover 96 acres.

If loaded in cars of 1 8 tons each it would take about ten trains to move it.

If spread out two feet wide it would be enough to make a walk from one end of the state of Utah to the other. The cost to the Bureau of peeling

this bark was $31,902.08."

While there are numerous species of beetles in our forests, all are not destructive to the trees. Some kinds are even beneficial,

in that they are parasitic in nature, feeding upon the harmful Black

Hills type. This beetle attacks the trees in pairs. The female enters

the tree by boring through the bark and then begins to excavate her galleries. The male remains at the bottom for some time, keeping

the opening at the end of the gallery open so that the pitch will flow out. When he fails at his job, as he sometimes does, the pitch banks

up and drowns the female. At intervals the female side steps and

bores a chamber in the side of the gallery. In these chambers she

deposits her eggs. The male now follows her in the gallery, packing

sawdust around the eggs, and boring air holes through to the surface of the tree. As this is the only beetle that packs its eggs in sawdust,

one may determine what kind of beetle is at work in any particular tree by noting how the eggs are packed. Many harmless kinds of

beetles use the chambers made by the Black Hills beetle after this beetle has deserted it. These harmless types reproduce in the dead trees,

while the Black Hills always attacks a green tree.

It is the deadly work of the larvae of the beetle that costs us the enormous sums given above. When the eggs hatch the larvae crawl

out of the sawdust beds and begin feeding upon the cambium layer of the tree. The adults have worked their chambers parallel to the

heights of the tree, but the larvae work in a horizontal direction and thus soon girdle the tree. This, of course, causes the tree to die, as

it is in the cambium layer that the growth is produced by the upward flow of the sap.

It is the object of the work of the Bureau of Entomology to map the areas affected and then to "spot"the particular trees that harbor the larvae. These trees are then cut down and peeled as explained

above. This spotting requires expert entomologists who learn by

close study of the habits of the insects how to determine a "good"tree. This term is applied to trees that harbor large numbers of larvae,

and the peeling of which will do much toward controling the ravages of the next generation.

MOTHER AND FATHER POEMS Mother

For mother who loves us so dearly,

Who cheerfully gives us her all,

Let's do what we can to repay her

The best we can do is too small.

She does all she can to assist us

In living our best every day;

She constantly guards us with kindness,

And guides us along the right way.

Her kind, patient heart beats so warmly

With love that will never be less.

She tenderly, hopefully watches,

And gives us an anxious caress.

No matter what heights we may climb to,

Nor into what depths we may fall,

Her mantle of love and forgiveness

Envelopes and pardons us all.

So let us remember the mother.

Who nourished the life we possess,

Do nothing to cast a dark shadow

O'er mother's supreme happiness.

Layton, Utah. L. M. HALL.

Denied Motherhood

Not to those who have wilfully denied themselves the privelege of Motherhood, but to that faithful band of women, who, like Hannah of old, have supplicated the

Lord for children, but who, unlike her, have not been granted their holy desire, let us give reverence.

Theirs has been a life of hoping, fervent pleading, and patient waiting; theirs

has been a deep and heartfelt sacrifice. For the sincere Motherhood in their hearts,

let us greet them Mothers.

To these, this little tribute and poem are lovingly dedicated.

Task's completed; To lone orphans

And a noble motherheart is still. Was her deep devotion freely given,

Motherheart, I say, Night and day.

Though she never knew the joy And no task was found too great,

Of a baby girl or boy Nor the hours too long to wait,

Of her own. To give aid.

Just how much her soul has yearned In the realms beyond the years,

For that love, no one has learned. May through her love, her prayers and

But God alone. tears,

Amends be made.

Magrath, Canada j j Maude B. Rasmussen

MOTHER AND FATHER POEMS 667

Daddy

'Tis your birthday today, Dad; I'm thinking of you,

Tho'I'm not there to tell you my thoughts,

Or to give you my wishes, or help bring you joy,

I know you won't say, "He forgot."

You're older today, Dad; the years passing by

Add care, as is shown on your brow

You've struggled to help me, I've caused you much pain

I can see what you've done for me now.

Yes, I'm thinking of Mother today, as are you,

How she's suffered and worried for me.

But as Mother has suffered, you Daddy have toiled

You, dear Father, and dear Mother, she.

I'm glad, you've helped me. The thoughts you have given

Are chiseled in me as in stone.

I'm happy to think of the blessings I've had,

Given freely by you, dear, alone.

Today, Dad, I hope someone cheers you along;

That you'll have joy and happiness, too;

I hope you'll have many bright birthdays to come

I thank Cod for a father like you.

Providence, Utah. E. CARVEL CAMPBELL.

Dearest Pal of Pals

We love to speak of Mother, because we love her best,

But still we love another who bravely stands the test.

He's Man of Men! A soldier! So brave and true is he,

There's nothing he wouldn't shoulder, to clothe and shelter me.

I call him "Dear old Daddy,"and true, he's dear to me.

For next to Mother always, comes Father, don't you see?

But what about us children, did we not take his gold,

His heart, his love and kindness, and help him to grow old?

All that, and more! I'll answer, it rings within my ears,

gold, or burning tears? But how can we repay him—with

Oh no! No pay's sufficient, not even worlds of gold:

For all his youth we've taken; and, friends, he's growing old.

Yet, if by him in childhood, we always did what's right,

He calls those dreams his fortune, and wills to us that light.

But if we did not help him through the storms and wrecking waves

That debt rolls on forever! E'en while we're in our graves.

For only dear old Daddy can know what he has done, one. To keep a home from hunger. To save us—every

But after all we leave him to work and fight his way,

And guard our dear old Mother until the judgment day.

668 IMPROVEMENT ERA

All this he sees with sorrow, and it may bring him pain;

But if you fall tomorrow, he'll take you home again.

So if you love your Mother, the dearest gal of gals,

I know you'll find your Daddy, the dearest pal of pals.

Magrath, Aha, Canada. JOSEPH WILLIAM R.EECE.

Play With Them

He was a boy, a wee small lad:

With smiling eyes and ruddy face,

A towsled, frowsled, boisterous tad;

The kind you find most any place.

He used to pass my shop each morn;

A lunch pail clasped in his small hand,

A book or two beneath his arm You know the type throughout the land.

A cheery lad with bold bright eyes

The kind that loves to do and dare;

So young and foolish, yet so wise;

The kind of lad found everywhere.

You say he robbed a bank! Ah no!

Not Joe McCay, the Blacksmith's lad?

Why surely not! Don't say 'tis so!

A little wild but not that bad.

Now, that will sure go hard with Jim,

A good hard working honest sort.

Day after day he's toiled for him "To give young Joe a proper start."

What's that you say: "The same old tale,

Father a stranger to his boy."

"Joe's idle, leisure time sent him to jail,

And wrecked his father's pride and joy."

Oh, men, when will you ever see day. That minutes make the hour—the

That what your boys will finally be

Is what they think and act and play.

He was a boy, a wee small lad.

With smiling eyes and ruddy face,

A stranger to his busy dad, Allowed to run most any place.

Preston, Idaho. O. E. HOWELL, Bov Scout Executive.

PARSON JOHN'S DISHES By Marguerite Cameron

Polly Darnby peered longingly through the plate glass window of Book and Frank's new store.

"Just what I want,"she thought, as she counted up the piecesin the china set on display—"Bread and butters, vegetable dishes,

gravy bowl and all. I must tell John."

That evening after she had umpired a pillow fight and had finally settled her two cherubs in bed, Polly went down to the study.

She told Parson John about the dishes.

"Dear,"she argued, "we have never had a whole set in our lives, and these are just what I twentyfive dollars, too."want—only

"Now, Polly,"cautioned Parson John, "we really don't need dishes. We seem to have plenty, as I remember."

"But John, they're so chipped, spotted disreputable—cracked,

black and brown."

"Couldn't you buy a few to fill in?"he suggested.

Polly laughed in good natured derision, "Then the plates would be laughing at the handleless cups, the cracked salt shaker would bedisgracing the new sugar bowl, the—

"No use, Polly dear, we have college money to save for the boys. Not a cent for dishes."

"What if we should have company?"flung Polly.

?"John wagged his head. "Well, what if—

It was not many days after that Polly's "if"did come true.

"Dear,"Parson John confided, "the famous Dr. Lambert is

coming Thursday. I have invited the whole Ministerial association

for dinner."

"For?"gasped Polly. dinner—

"It's very important,"urged Parson John. "We want him to

notice us. You see it's rumored that he has some good positions

for the most likely men. I knew you could do the thing up brown,so—

"We'll try,"comforted Polly. "But, John, the dishes—we'll

have to have that new set."

make it go with what you have.""Dishes?—Oh,

Polly was disconsolate. If she could only earn something with

which to buy those dishes. Or, if she could only convince John.

But both suggestions were equally absurd.

Surely, thought Polly, John didn't realize how preposterous it was to invite distinguished guests to dinner and then serve them in such fashion.

However nothing could touch John's serenity of spirit. He

670 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had such complete confidence in Polly that if his thoughts ever did recur to the subject of dishes, he must have thought her competent to seal all cracks, whiten all disfigurations and restore all chippings.

He went about jubilant and untouched by such worries as dishes.

Then came the day when John stood before his wife with three ten dollar bills in his hand.

"Dishes, dishes,"echoed through Polly's head, as she beheld the money. Parson John had surely relented. But no, not at all.

"I want you to look your prettiest, darling,"he told her. Geta new dress. Your green is looking—well—

Polly had already put down the paring knife. Dishes, beautiful gold banded could see them in Book and Frank's dishes,—she

window. Now she could get them and have a wonderful party.

To the wind these thoughts of a new dress.

"A home bespeaks the housewife's character,"she remembered having heard her mother say many, many times. On her shelves,

decided Polly, the setting sun would see new dishes.

That afternoon Polly hurried into Book and Frank's. The set

of china was still unsold. She breathed a sigh of relief. She looked

over every piece, tried the handles on the cups, investigated the openings of cream and milk pitchers.

Before her flashed a picture of this gold banded china on her own good looking damask. From the serving dishes filtered the

aroma of her own best cooking. And presently each guest from his

own gold banded plate was exercising an unheardof-before appetite.

Parson John in his best bib and tucker was telling funny stories at his end of the table, while she sat listening she was ill intently—no,

at ease, fidgeting about something. And then Polly saw herself as

she would doubtless appear at the Ministerial Association dinner—in

her old green dress.

John's final words echoed in her ear: "I want you to look yourprettiest, darling. Buy a new dress. Your green is looking—well—

Pretty bad evidently, or he wouldn't have said anything. Even if

she had these dishes, Polly argued, how would her dilemma be corrected, if John and the guests thought her a frump in her old green silk? "I won't take the dishes today,"she told the clerk.

Polly hurried home. She routed out all the dishes her pantry

afforded. She stacked them up, laid them out, stacked them again.

It was tragic. She was to set the table for ten and here there were

only eight half decent dinner plates. She and John might use

saucers, pulled out two discouraging remnants of crockery unless—she

and with a sigh placed them on top of the pile. The cups—she

wouldn't serve coffee. And glasses

Had Polly had a mean disposition, or could she have taken any pleasure in shaming John before their guests, this would have been her chance. But she shuddered at the thought that their guests should

parson johns dishes 6? 1

discover their lack or ever come to credit Parson John with that lack.

This was an important party. Some way or other she must put

it over for John.

Polly laid out the green silk on her bed. She had wondered if

she might make it over. But it looked shabby and old now that

John had spoken so disparagingly of it. It couldn't ever have been

becoming even in its old frumpish way, she thought, as she tried it on. She simply must have something new.

She consulted the shop windows. One frock lured her inside,

up to the second floor and finally into the hands of a sales lady.

"Just made for you,"purred the girl, "Lines are splendid andsuch from—material—imported

Polly wavered. In this she could see herself at ease, in good

form presiding at John's table, compelling his admiration, radiating to her guests the graciousness of a gracious hostess. But then there

would be no money left for dishes.

It had plainly become an issue of china or dress. She thought

once to get the dishes and then make up some cheap voile for herself. But it would be tawdry. John would be disappointed, the

guests unimpressed and she would have failed. John had said, "Look

your prettiest, darling."It comforted her to think John was still

thinking that she could look pretty.

"The lines are perfect,"echoed the salesgirl.

"I'll take it,"said Polly.

There was a great flurry all day in the parsonage kitchen. At

five Polly swept proudly down the stairs and opened the front door to welcome the first guest. Back in the kitchen she gave Mrs.

Hampstead last instructions, then viewed the table with critical eye.

"A low bowl of flowers will cover things up a lot,"she comforted herself, as she induced a few daisies to straggle at greater length over the table cloth. '"If Dr. Lambert and the others will

just keep their eyes on the daisies,"she sighed, "and on my new dress."The dinner was feast for kings. And at the foot glorious—a

of the table sat the resplendent hostess, graciousness itself. All eyes

were upon her.

The matter that Rev. Darnby and his wife ate dishes—What

from two pieces of crockery, which might better have graced the ash can. Polly's charming hospitality waived all pretentions. These

dishes were their best. She and John were happy to share what they

had with their guests.

Polly's eyes sparkled. Her cheeks flushed. The soft silk of her

new gown clung in girlish grace around her shapely shoulders. "Mrs.

Darnby,""My dear Mrs. Darnby,"fluttered up and down the table.

Everyone was talking to or about her. And the happy echo filled the

ears of Parson John, who beamed his approval across the daisy field.

672 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And so you will understand how little it really mattered that one plate broke in two when passed for a second serving. For a

moment the misfortune threatened embarrassment. Every eye turned

upon Dr. Lambert, who teetered one half of the ill fortuned plate in

either hand. "Which?"his perplexed gaze seemed to inquire. Parson

John held his breath. He started. The guests, one by one, began

to notice. And then Polly bent to relieve her guest of the lesser

portion. "The better half, Dr Lambert,"she whispered in jovial mood.

"Yes, yes,"he grunted, relieved and happy not to have caused this charming Mrs. Darnby any embarrassment.

And on and on the dinner whirled to a glorious conclusion.

Polly Darnby smilingly and sympathetically had carried her guests through their mishaps and embarrassments and suddenly there had been no embarrassments. It had been the most glorious dinner in the

annals of the association.

"With a wife like Mrs. Darnby,"Dr. Lambert puffed in Parson John's ear, "a man is bound to step right along. Come to my

office tomorrow, Darnby."

The front door closed on the heels of the last dinner guest.

"Polly, dear,"Parson John put his arms around his wife, "you are a wonder."

"But the dishes,"she quavered, "Oh, John, they were dreadful.""Dishes?"he snorted. "What the deuce—"and then he

laughed. "Can't fret me about dishes, Polly dear, as long as I have

you."Portland, Oregon

Moroni's Visit A hundred years have passed A prophet warrior he,

Since down unto the world This angel who now came,

An angel came from God, He once had lived on earth.

The gospel flag unfurled; Moroni was his name,

The gospel flag of peace, He was the messenger

Proclaiming unto men Whom John beheld would fly

The time was close at hand Through heaven's vast expanse

When Christ would come again. And loud to men would cry.

He unto Joseph spake, Joseph his words did heed

Instructions to him gave; Although but then a'youth,

Revealed the gospel plan With zeal he worked, until

A dying world to save, He gave his life for truth:

And told of records rare And now we thank our God

Hid in Cumorah's hill, As we our voices raise

That now should be revealed To testify these truths,

The prophets to fulfil. And speak Jehovah's praise.

Sharon Ward, Utah Stake. WlLLARD BISHOP.

HEROES OF SCIENCE By President F. S. Harris and N. I. Butt, of the

Brigham Young University

11. Bell Alexander Graham Bell is said to have received the most valuable single patent ever of the telephone. Its value to man is issued,—that

partially seen when we think of the thousands of steps it saves and the inestimable amount of pleasure we derive from being able to step to the telephone and talk to friends or business associates who are miles away. In the United States alone about twenty billion

conversations a year are carried on over wire telephones, and millions of people enjoy the entertainment of wireless which is dependent upon the receiver invented by Bell.

The discovery of the telephone is one of the many fascinating chapters in science. The story is usually started by a history of the

boyhood of Bell because his entire life was a preparation for the discovery which he made. He was born in 1847 of a Scottish family

which specialized in teaching the dumb to talk. Under such conditions the lad early became interested in what causes sound and just

how speech is produced by the vocal organs. He and his brother

were able to make a dog say "How are you, grandma,"and to cause an imitation human head made from rubber say "mama"so distinctly that neighbors thought it was a baby crying.

As he grew up Bell prepared himself to follow the art of teaching the dumb to speak, learning what he could from his father and also studying in the University of Edinburgh and later, the University of London. He noticed, that in speaking vowels, musical sounds

were produced by the voice. Upon learning that the famous scientist

Helmholtz had analyzed sounds by means of tuning forks, and had built up voice sounds by electrically vibrated instruments, Bell commenced to experiment with electricity. Being a thorough student he

mastered many of the intricacies of electrical currents, and the more he learned the more he became convinced that the vibrations caused by musical instruments would prove useful for transmitting many telegraphic messages over a wire at once instead of one at a time, the most possible at that date.

In 1870 Bell came to Canada with his father "and two years later he accepted a professorship in the University of Boston. At

the latter place his interest in the transmission of musical sounds and even in transmitting the human voice by use of musical notes, increased greatly. He spent all his spare time in experimenting. A simple

private laboratory was equipped for carrying on his experiments in the house where he was staying. Finally in order to have more time to

674 IMPROVEMENT ERA

experiment he gave up teaching except for one or two private dumb students whom it was necessary to teach in order to make even a meager living.

One day an interesting device for showing vibrations of the human voice came into Bell's hands and he tried to improve it so that it would be of use in teaching visual speech to his students. In

talking with a physician about this device and also about his experiments on musical telegraphs, it was suggested that study of the human ear might prove helpful. The idea was eagerly accepted and

the physician gave Bell such an ear to experiment upon.

While watching the thin dead man's ear drum, so easily moving the relatively large bones of the ear or a heavy straw attached to it,

Bell conceived the idea that the force of the vibrations of the human voice was great enough to operate mechanical devices for making and breaking currents of electricity. Here was a means for transmitting

the human voice. It was a principle which would make possible the

speaking telephone. At least two other men had thought of the

same thing and yet failed to invent a satisfactory telephone.

Patiently Bell continued to experiment. He was receiving a little

financial aid for carrying on his experiments on the musical telegraph, but when he declared his intentions of making a talking telegraph he was told further aid would be denied. It appeared as though his

experiments on the telephone must cease although he felt he was now about to succeed.

Fortunately the young inventor was called to Washington to look after some of his patent rights just at this point, else he might have abandoned his experiments without discovering the telephone.

While in the Capitol he called upon the great scientist, Henry, who was in charge of the Smithsonian Institute. Henry immediately

saw that Bell was working on an epochmaking idea and encouraged him to stick to his purpose in spite of difficulties. This together

with other advice given by Henry filled Bell with an unquenchable enthusiasm. Although, to keep the patronage of those who were

helping him, he had to spend part of his time on the musical telegraph, his heart was in the telephone. Within three months of the

visit to Henry the twang of a spring was heard through the phone, and on March 10, 1876, about a year after the visit to Henry the human voice was transmitted over wire for the first time in the history of the world.

But being able to transmit the voice over the wire was not enough to make the device a practical success. It required dozens of adjustments and changes in makeup before it would do much better than

squeak and hiss the words out like a radio out of adjustment. A few

months more of feverish tests perfected the device so it was deemed worthy of a patent.

The telephone as patented by Bell was a very crude and imperHEROES OF SCIENCE 675

feet instrument. To bring it up to its present state of perfection has

required over 8,000 additional patents. Bell's original telephone consisted of hardly more than a dozen different parts whereas today there

are over a hundred parts. At present hundreds of scientific experimenters are working every day trying to make the telephone a more

dependable instrument. They have extended its use not only in

the field of wire telephony but also to wireless telephony and telegraphy including the loud speaker, to ear phones for the deaf, and to a great variety of scientific instruments in which it is necessary to hear minute sounds.

But in spite of all the improvements which have been made since

Bell sold his telephone patent rights, it is to him that the credit for the telephone belongs. He it was who for the first time combined

our scientific knowledge of sound and electricity into a marvel of convenience undreamed of half century ago.

Provo, Utah

Meditation

The sun had set behind the western hills,

And twilight deepened into night.

When suddenly, beyond the waters blue,

There shone a wond'rous brilliant light.

At first I wondered what the light might be,

But as it rounder, brighter grew,

I knew that it was evening's lantern hung

Up in the starry sky so blue.

The moonbeams danced and sparkled on the lake,

Like myriads of jewels there, And through the lacy pine boughs brightly gleamed

Upon the cold, calm waters clear.

The beauty of that quiet night had soothed

My troubled mind to perfect rest;

Brought back the story of that other night

When wise men started on their quest.

I seemed to hear sweet music as of old,

When shepherds heard the angels sing,

I silently sent up a heartfelt prayer,

As did those humble servants to their King.

And, lo, my heart was filled with love and joy

And peace, good will, unto all men,

I felt a longing for that future day

When Christ shall come on earth again.

Mesa, Arizona IDA R. ALLDREDGE.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS Mission Statistics President Heber J. Grant, at the General Conference, April 4, 1925,

read the following information concerning the presidents, missionaries, members, and property in the missions of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints: President Church American Missions: Missionaries Members Property

California, Joseph W. McMurrin 125 8,625 289.114.04

Canadian, Joseph Quinney, Jr 71 716 23,021.47

Central, Samuel O. Bennion 158 8,712 110,410.26

Eastern, Brigham H. Roberts 143 4,689 232,818.55

Mexican, Rey L. Pratt '. 76 2,683 15,184.12

Northern, John H. Taylor 127 5,141 88,694.57

Northwestern, Brigham S. Young 99 5,599 82,535.76

Southern, Charles A. Callis 197 23,047 64,066.14

Western, John M. Knight 96 4,977 102, 385. 4*

Total 1,092 64,189 1,008,230.3 5

European Missions:

Armenian, Joseph W. Booth 2 164 450.00

British, James E. Talmage 151 5,670 78,518.17

Danish, John S. Hansen 24 1,621 55,284.95

French, Russell H. Blood 30 468 1,242.03

Netherlands, Charles S. Hyde 61 3,189 57.229.02

Norwegian, A Richard Peterson 17 1,621 52,774.43

South African, J Wyley Sessions 18 485 17,823.30

Swedish, Hugo D. E. Peterson 30 2,051 53,350.17

Swiss and German, Fred Tadje -—226 11,102 51,497.79

Total 559 26,371 368,169.86

Island Missions:

Australian, Charles H. Hyde 40 1,115 40,911.18

Hawaiian, Eugene J. Neff 1 61 13,083 195,830.00

Japan [Discontinued] 164 New Zealand, Angus T. Wright 45 6.184 150.575.66

Samoan, Ernest L. Butler 44 3,462 92,789.24

Tahitian, Ole B. Peterson 11 1,721 13,403.70

Tongan, Mark V. Coombs 19 1,051 24,853.52

Total 220 26,780 518,383.30

General: Smith Mem. Farm, Angus J. Cannon 20,000.00

Palmyra Farm. Willard Bean 20,000.00

Temple Block, Benjamin Goddard 40,000.00

Total 1,871 117,340 1,934,763.51

Statistics from Britain and Sweden

The annual report of the British Mission for the year 1924 shows a total membership in the mission of 4,191, with 651 children under eight years of age, making a total of 4,842 souls. There were 282 baphisms. There were 15 conferences aside from the Liverpool office, and a total of 151 missionaries, three of

whom were lady missionaries.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 677

A report of the Swedish Mission sets forth that in the five conferences and the mission office at Stockholm, there is a total of 13 75 members, with 180 children under nine years of age, making a total of 1555. There were II baptisms for

the six months from October 1, 19 24, to March 1, 1925.

A Banner Year in the Mexican Mission

The native Saints and friends have expressed their joy and their enthusiasm over the conference held in El Paso, last December 28, and are very anxious that another be held in the near future. After the compilation

of the missionary activities we are pleased to report that 1924 was a banner year, and there is a decided material increase in the number of baptisms performed, children blessed, ordinations to the priesthood, tithing paid, etc., as compared with previous years. The missionaries have resolved

to make 1925 even a better year, and are striving hard to this end. They

are putting forth their best effort to place more Books of Mormon among the people. Frank L. Copening Jr., secretary.

* I \ V {T * r J i \t %A I*> Vn||A| \ 7 f i *

J 1 1 Left to right front row: Edgar L. Wagner, Niels A. Ogden, LeRoy E. Gibbs.

Middle row: Elizabeth N. Thomas, Rey L. Pratt, Mission President; Grace I.

Linton, Alissa Manning, Martina Dalebout. Top row: Leonard E. Ahlstrom,

Myron F. West, former Mission Secretary, Hyrum P. Jones, Vernon S. Johnson,

William Walser and C. Lloyd Rhoton.

Christmas Holidays in Samoa The elders of western Samoa, whose pictures are presented herewith, gathered at our headquarters, at Pesega, Upolu, by invitation of President

Butler and wife to spend the holidays together at the culmination of a successful year's work. No efforts were spared by the elders and Sister

Butler at headquarters to make the visitors from the outside branches feel at home, and to show them a good time. Several forms of recreation were

arranged for their entertainment, such as tennis, croquet, and baseball.

Besides these sports there was ample social entertainment, provided mainly by

Saints and friends to which visiting elders were invited the same as elders 678 IMPROVEMENT ERA

stationed here. Among these entertainments were, Christmas Eve at the

American Consulate, Christmas dinner and lawn tennis at John AhMu's place, provided by our Saints and friends on the Lotopa road, Christmas party and supper Christmas night, at our friends the Stoeckichts', and many other pleasant hours were spent with Saints and investigators. Means of recreation and social entertainment are limited in Samoa and this holiday week

was a pleasant diversion from the usual round of missionary activities. The

elders were entitled to all the recreation they received during the holidays, and have only praise for their faithful cooperation through the past year. It

was indeed a pleasure for President and Sister Butler to have the elders at

Pesega for that short time. Most of them from the outside branches arrived

at Pesega just a day or two before Christmas and returned to their branches directly after a fine spirited elders'meeting held on the 2nd of January, at which all bore testimonies to the divinity of the work in which we are engaged, and also expressed themselves as having had a very enjoyable and pleasant time during the holidays. All of the elders are enjoying health,

for which we are thankful. E. L. Butler, mission president.

Missionaries, left to right, top row: Ernest L. Wright; Joseph A. Fluit;

Melvin G. Wagstaff; William H. Smith, Salt Lake City. Second row: Frank N.

Stephens, conference president of Savaii, Ogden; Miss Nettie Butler, Boise, Idaho;

Mlvin S. Newman, Holiday; David M. Anderson, Ogden. Third row: B. J. NicholU,

conference president of Upolu, Salt Lake City; Robert V. Hodgen, mission secretary, Salt Lake City; J. Wayne Grow, Huntsville, Utah; Ernest L. Butler, mission

president, Boise, Idaho.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 679

Sixtyfive Baptized

Samuel R. Spencer, conference president of the South Texas conference, Central States mission, reports favorable progress in that district.

The elders are enthusiastic in their work and see bright prospects for the immediate future. "During 1924, 65 people were baptized and confirmed

members of the Church, and several others have been added since the new year. The elders for the past three months have worked mostly in the

country districts, and have met with unusually good success. Besides disposing of a large number of Books of Mormon and other Church literature,

a large number of meetings have been held and many friends have been added to our cause. We commend the Saints in the different parts of the

conference who by their righteous living have attracted the attention of nonmembers and led them to become friends and in some cases earnest investigators of the gospel. The weather here has been very favorable to our work.

The Lord has blessed us abundantly and we feel that he will continue to do so according to our diligence in serving him. With the aid of the Spirit of

the Lord we hope to make 1925 a banner year in this conference."

Names of missionaries, front row, left to right: J. Arden Ogden, McCornick,

Utah; Thomas E. Foster, Jozye, Texas; John E. Ireland, Independence, Missouri;

Samuel O. Bennion, mission president; Vern B. Millard, Salt Lake City, outgowing

conference president; Nathan H. Gardner, Logan, Utah. Back row, Theodore R.

Collier, Vernal; Almon G. Clegg, Heber City; J. Golden Haight, Cedar City, Utah;

John C. Sandberg, Rigby, Idaho; Louis J. Bjorkland, Ogden; Lafayette Denning,

Idaho Falls, Idaho; Samuel R. Spencer, Escalante, Utah, incoming conference president;

William H. Allen, Pocatello, Idaho.

Success in Nevada A Nevada conference was held under the direction of President H. R.

Winterton. President Joseph W. McMurrin, Margaret K. Miller, president

of the Relief Society, Superintendent Joseph G. Jeppson and Elsie Hogan, of

the M. I. A., were in attendance. Special instructions were given by President McMurrin, who pleaded with the Saints to live up to the principles

of the gospel, as explained by the missionaries, and be not only hearers of the word, but doers, both in temporal and spiritual matters. A lecture was

given on temple work and temple ordinances, under the direction of Sister

Hogan and Elder Jeppson. Many friends and investigators were present, who

expressed their appreciation, and a desire to understand more of the gospel.

The Primary and Relief Society sessions and also the Y. M. and Y. L.

68C IMPROVEMENT ERA

M. I. A. were very successful. The three general sessions on Sunday were

the most inspirational meetings that we have ever held. The music helped

to make all the meetings a success. President Winterton has received his

release. He has been a faithful, Godfearing leader. Elder Max Orton will

succeed him as president of the Nevada conference. Elder Harvey Jensen,

with Eunice Simpson and Lucy V. Eldredge were transferred to the Fresno

conference, and Emma E. Walton to San Francisco. Emma E. Walton,

Sparks, Nevada.

Missionaries, left to right, back row: Harvey Jensen, Emma Walton, Lucy V.

ElcUedgs, Eunice Simpson, Tillman Turley. Front row: V. M. Flake, H. R.

Winterton, Max Orton.

President Talmage Visits Bern, the Capital of

Switzerland

It is a rare coincidence when November passes by without Switzerland being clothed with the whiteness of winter, in fact, according to the rule, this land has a prewinter season, a winter season, a postwinter season and then a few weeks of summer. But, last year the summer didn't come.

Even the lower peaks of these mighty Swiss Alps joined in with their eternally snowcovered brothers and withheld their cloaks of white until

November came and it was time for them to be recloaked with a newer whiteness. But, when November came, it brought with it blue skies and a

warm sun. December passed, still not a flake of snow had came—and

fluttered its ways between those dizzy chasms to the sparkling brooks below.

The first day of January came and the Swiss peasants were out sunning themselves on the dry, green grass, or taking hikes up into the crags which are so dear to them.

The month of January danced merrily along with its Junelike days and its starry nights. The seventh of February brought with it great

joy to the hearts of the Swiss peasants, for the "Foehn"had come. The

"Foehn"is an extraordinarily warm breeze which comes every spring, sweeps across the valleys of the Bernese oberlands with great velocity and oft times causes gerat damage. During the time of the "Foehn"the

peasants are not allowed to build fires, because many a Swiss village has been burned out, due to the spreading of sparks by this wind. But, the

peasants are glad when the "Foehn"comes, for it is regarded as a sure sign of spring. Thus, with happy hearts and bright prospects, the stage was set

for the big would be a big conference, because Elder conference—yes—it of the Council of the Twelve was to be present. TheJames E. Talmage

Church members from every nook and corner on the Alps assembled together whatever amount was necessary, and hurried off to Berne, that beauti-

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 681

fill, majestic city situated on the horseshoe bend of the river Aare, where they quickly assembled themselves in the meetinghouse and then anxiously awaited the arrival of President Talmage. The officers and teachers'meeting

was held, and no sooner had the closing prayer been spoken, than in walked Elder James E. Talmage, the president of the European mission,

accompanied by Fred Tadje, president of the Swiss and German mission.

What an audience of beaming faces and sparkling eyes. There, before

their an apostle of our heavenly Father, and the writer of so eyes—was

many books which they had read and idolized. Promptly as the clock announced the hour of ten, President J. Russel Hughes of the Berne conference

welcomed the large crowd. A short program was rendered by the children

of the Sunday school, during which two small quaintly costumed tots presented President Talmage and President Tadje each with a large bouquet of flowers and a silver spoon as a token of appreciation from the Berne conference. When President Talmage arose, he seemed as mighty as that

towering mountain "The Virgin."The first words he spoke were, *'I

am so happy I could weep."He spoke in English, but everyone understood what he had said before Elder Jean Wunderlich translated it for

him, for his words were breaking right out of his countenance. President

Talmage, President Tadje, and President Hughes spoke in all three of the meetings of the conference. Their words were most impressive and filled

with the Spirit of Him who had called them to their offices. When night

came, and the closing prayer of the conference was spoken, the members and friends quietly filed out of the meetinghouse, shook hands with the presidents, and then scattered to their remote homes, taking with them the remembrance of wonderful hours spent with Elder Talmage. In the

future, as these people look back upon this epochmaking event, they shall say, "Yes, he came during that wonderful winter when we didn't have any snow, and the days came in and went out with the warmth of June."—Clyde A. Davies, conference correspondent.

. -... - r p* rv i4ft mm w

- ar 7 "mat / ';#* iT'CSf r/ C <**"'fM W 4 Jlpi > 1

- k

IHEm* -

Elders in attendance at Berne conference, bottom row, left to right: Henry

Dubach, Melvin Pickering, Basel conference president; James E. Talmage, European

mission president; Fred Tadje, SwissGerman mission president; J. Russell Hughes,

Berne conference president; Ernst Blaser, Glenn Robinson, Alfred P. Neagelin. Second

row: Clyde A. Davies, Harold Merrill, John Kunz, Henry Fluckiger, W. O. Sandberg. Third row: Ernst Stetler. Paul Burham, Adolf Reishert, Walter Beutler.

This picture was taken on the steps of Switzerland's capitol building.

682 IMPROVEMENT ERA Progress Through Hard Work

Leland B. Sheets, conference president Vienna, Austria, March 16,

1925: "This country has a population of something over six million and

only five missionaries. The Austrian conference is a part of the SwissGerman mission, but we are rather at a great distance from mission headquarters in Basel, Switzerland, which gives us only few visits from the

mission headquarters. On March 1, we had a very successful conference

in Vienna at which Jean Wunderlich from Basel represented President Fred

Tadje. We are making progress through hard work and continued effort.

We are at present introducing the Mutual Improvement work in our branches along with the religion. The young people must have recreation, play and

diversion, and we are endeavoring to give them these things based on the will of God. We hope for success in this branch of the work and know

it will attend our efforts if we do not rely too much on our own strength."

Names of the missionaries, standing, left to right: Hugh J. Ford, president

Linz branch, Centerville; Earl D. Young, Brigham City; Clifford M. Reynolds, Salt

Lake City. Sitting, LeLand B. Sheets, conference president, Salt Lake City; Jean

Wunderlich, Basel; G. Hammond Hansen, president Vienna branch, Logan, Utah.

Four Classes of People Ellsworth W. Wilcox, writing from Brisbane, Queensland, Australia,

February 14, reports that the elders are putting forth united effort in the work of preaching the gospel. Queensland, the capital of the state, is headquarters for the elders. It has a population of about 250,000 situated on

the Brisbane River and lies about ten miles from the ocean. Members of

the Church in all parts of the state belong to this conference which extends some 1,500 miles from the north and south and aHout 1,200 miles from the east and west.

The people here may be divided in four classes concerning their views on religion. These are: First, those who are established in their own

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 683

churches, and there are many churches here. This class of people are always

ready to show us that we are on the wrong track. Then there are those

who are indifferent to religion of any kind and are, hence, willing to let things rest as they are. Third; the atheists, and fourth, those who fail to

live up to the teachings of any church. Some, there are, who have seen

the light of the gospel and we can truthfully say that some of the best

Latterday Saints are residing here. Of the fourth class, those of the

indifferent spirit, are the most numerous by far. Our testimonies are

strengthened as we talk with unbelievers. Some of their doctrines may be

correct, but our religion embraces all truth, covering all that the others have and a great deal more besides with the error left out.

The elders left to right: standing, Carroll L. Olsen, Hyrum; Joseph Cook,

Syracuse; Harry H. Simmons, Lay ton; Seated: Golden I. Barlow, Twin Falls, Idaho;

Ellsworth W. Wilcox, conference president, Ogden; Wilford L. Storrs, American

Fork.

A Trip to the Big Island of Hawaii

The annual conference for the ecclesiastical districts of Hawaii, were held during the week of February 7 to 14. On February 6, President

Eugene J. Neff of the Hawaiian mission and several associates left Honolulu

for Hilo, to attend these conferences. The party comprised besides President Neff, President William M. Waddoups of the Hawaiian temple, Sarah

Mitchell and Marguerite Gordon of the missionary force, Brother and Sister

Ezra Waddoups and two small daughters, also Vella Waddoups and Brother

Anson Waddoups, who recently arrived in the islands for business purposes.

We arrived in Hilo three hours past schedule time, due to an exceedingly rough voyage. Our first meeting in Hilo was a Relief Society meeting,

and the sisters were waiting for us, so we went immediately to the meeting which was followed directly by a Primary meeting and, after a short rest by a Priesthood meeting. Sunday was spent in almost continuous meeting

and every one of them was exceedingly well attended and it was plain to all that Hilo chapel will soon have to be enlarged.

Monday we started on our trip around the island with Sister Effie L.

Cooper, Eva Winn, Walter N. Steffen, Keola Kailimai and David Kalani.

No words can express the beauty of the drive between Hilo and the Volcano of Kilauea. Ferns, flowers of every color and size, and as you go higher

and higher the gradual cooling of the atmosphere and the increasing of the humidity makes it a neverto-beforgotten ride. In the center of the Hawaiian National Park and in the midst of a dense tropical forest is the huge

684 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Taken on an eightton rock ejected from the Halemaumau Pit, of the volcano of

Kilauea, during the gigantic eruption of May, 19 24. From the left: Miss Vella

Waddoups, Mrs. Ezra Waddoups, Sarah Mitchell, Effie Cooper, Anson Waddoups,

Marguerite Gordon, Dr. Ezra Waddoups, President Eugene J. Neff. Front row:

Alex, the guide. President William Waddoups, Eva Ezra Waddoups, Keola Kailimai,

David Kalani.

In front of Volcano House: From the left: Dr. Ezra Waddoups, Miss Vella

Waddoups, Walter N. Steffen, Marguerite Gordon, Anson Waddoups, Eva Winn,

President William Waddoups, Sarah Mitchell, Keola Kailimai, Effie Cooper, Ezra

Waddoups, Manager of Volcano House, President Eugene J. Neff, David Kalani,

Alex, the Guide, who is a Cherokee Indian.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 685

Volcano of Kilauea with its active pit of Halemaumau, and on the brink of it, the Volcano House which is an upto-date hotel, a "real oasis in the desert,"for tourists. We spent the night there and for the first time in

Hawaii we were forced to button our coats and cling closely to the fireplace. We were very happy and perhaps a good part of it may have been

due to the resemblance to our somewhat frigid home in the mountains of

Zion. From the Volcano we passed into the districts of Kau and during

the day traveled over long stretches of lava rock, where many years ago the volcanic pit of Mauna Loa had become active and without warning had poured lava forth to such an extent that it has reached clear to the sea.

During the Alika flow of 1921, a herd of cattle were grazing in direct line of the lava stream. When the lava reached the cattle it divided, flowed

in two divisions, came together again on the opposite side of the herd, and today in that mass of black lava is a tiny spot of green. Truly the

hand of Providence, for who, having seen, could believe that such things "just happen."We spent two nights and one day in Kona, most of the

time in attending meetings, but we also had the privilege of seeing the

Captain Cook Monument, raised in honor of the first white man to visit the islands of Hawaii, and who gave to them the name of Sandwich Islands.

Kona at one time was a Hawaiian center, and the marks of it are still there.

Among them is a famous old heiau or temple around which is the "City of

Refuge."This was a place of safety for anyone evading the law, and was

similar to our prisons except that an individual went there of his own free will and choice, in order to protect his life.

From Kona we went to Waimea in the district of Hamakus, visiting the Parker ranch, the largest cattle ranch in the world, and from there we went on to Kohala. Very fine conference meetings were held in all these

places and our greatest regret was that we could not stay longer and become better acquainted with the Saints. We spent Sunday, February 15, in

Kalapa, Hamakua holding conference there in the recently erected chapel which was filled to overflowing. That same night we traveled to Honomu,

stopping long enough to administer to a sister living in the little village of

Laupahoehoe. This sister has been bedridden for many years and is praying and living for enough strength of body to enable her to make the trip to

the Hawaiian temple on the island of Oahu. The Saints of Honomu have

outgrown their chapel, so we found it necessary to hold the meeting in a downtown hall, kindly donated by Brother David Kalani. It was filled

to overflowing with people who had come to hear the word of the Lord.

On our return to Hilo the next day we visited the beautiful Akako Falls, and on Monday afternoon reached Hilo, one week exactly from the time we started around the island.

We had three days to spend in Hilo, and we were all wondering what we were going to do with the time. Tuesday night the M Men's club,

under the direction of Elder Welby McCune, entertained us, and the old time spirit of early Utah days was manifested when everyone from sixteen to sixty entered into the spirit of the occasion and played games and danced with the enthusiasm of real enjoyment. Wednesday night the

Primaries of the Hilo conference, under direction of Effie L. Cooper, gave

an outdoor party, at which three hundred and thirysix of the Saints attended. Numerous dinners and other kindnesses, together with our missionary duties, filled every moment of our time, until the three days passed

so rapidly we hardly realized it. Marguerite V. Cordon.

WHAT THEY SAY A Collection of Sentiments on the Value of the Y. M. M. I. A.

About twentysix hundred poll cards were sent out in March to the

General Church officials, the Patriarchs, Presidents of Stakes, High Councilors, and Bishops, and certain other officials, including members of the

General Board Y. M. M. I. A. These cards, signed by the General

Superintendency, contain the following:

5 18 75—JUBILEE—192

February, 192 5 Dear Brother: The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association will cele>

brate their fiftieth anniversary in a general M. I. A. Jubilee conference, June 6 to

10, 1925.

Committees are appointed and at work for the auspicious occasion.

In commemoration of the Jubilee, it is decided to poll the officers of the

Church to ascertain the information asked for on the attached card.

Please fill out the blank on the card and return at your earliest convenience;

so that a complete record may be compiled.

We trust that you will find pleasure in advertising the Jubilee, encouraging the officers and members of our Associations to attend; and we shall be pleased,

should you also honor us with your presence at the Jubilee.

Sincerely your brethren, George Albert Smith, Richard R. Lyman,

Melvin J. Ballard,

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENCY Y. M. M. I. A.

The cards called for the following response:

, 1925 General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Dear Brethren: Answering your request for a poll of Church officials who

have been connected with the Y. M. M. I. A., I am pleased to inform you as follows:

Name Present Church Office Ward Stake Address I joined the Y. M. M. I. A. in the Ward, of

the Stake, in the year My connection as officer and member of the Y. M. M. I. A. has covered about

years.

I have to say in appreciation of the value that the association has been to me, that

Sincerely yours,

Up to the 10th of April about onehalf of the responses expected have been received. It is hoped that every one will come in before the June

conference. The testimonies upon the cards that have already come are very

remarkable. It will not be practicable to publish all of them. A few chosen at

random from the hundreds examined will indicate their quality. The figures

after the respective signatures indicate the number of years covered by

WHAT THEY SAY 687

membership; h. p. indicates high priest; h. c. high councilor. These expressions follow the phrase: "I have to say in appreciation of the value the

Association has been to me that":

It has been valuable beyond expression. President Heber J. Grant, 50.

I hope the Association will ever continue its wonderful work.—Reed Smoot, 49.

It has been a beacon light and guide to my conduct in life. A. William Lund.

It has practically made me, in an ecclesiastical sense. Arthur F. Miles, St.

George.

I am at least 15% more efficient than I would have been. James L. Dunford,

Bear Lake.

I received development and spiritual growth in it. Jas. P. Cameron, h. c,

Panguitch, 2 5.

Teaching Y. M. M. I. A. boys gave me my first real love of teaching. Adam

S. Bennion, 12.

It has shown me the worth of religiots training in the days of our youth.

Levi Edgar Young, 3 0.

It has been like a living spring to me with fresh water at every season.

Emit W. Weld, h. c, 21.

It has offered a field of real service, the influence of which nas been most beneficial. David A. Smith, 3 6.

Faithpromoting, and gave me an experience in good leadership. George J.

Cannon, stake presidency, 30.

—BishopNo otherCarl organizationRobison, StarhasValley.so much influence over the young man in his "teens."

No labor that I have appreciated more. It has helped to make me what I am

David P. Thomas, h. c. Cassia, 30.

I have majored in M. I. A. and it has been a constant source of inspiration and

joy to me. Nicholas G. Morgan, 26.

It has been one of the greatest aids in arousing and retaining my interest in

Church work. Richard R. Lyman, 18.

The M. I. A. furnished the incentive to be of public service in the Church.

Moroni Lazenby, patriarch, No. Sevier.

It has been one of the best educational factors entering into my life. Milton

H. Knudson, president Snow College, 34.

Its influence has always made for decent and upright living and should be encouraged. William Spry, exGovernor.

It gave me an opportunity for expression, in many ways, which has given me much joy and satisfaction.—- Edward H. Anderson, 49.

It has been a great help to me throughout life. 1 have held every office in the

ward M. I. A. Edwin F. Parry, h. c. Salt Lake, 50.

I owe a large part of my development and activity in the Church to the service which I have rendered in M. I. A. work. LeRoi C. Snow.

The work has been a continual joy and inspiration to me. I served as local

president Y. M. M. I. A. in 1880. Benjamin Goddard, 46.

It has greatly helped in my development and to make me of more efficient service to the Church and my fellow men. Moroni Snow, 48.

It has helped to teach me the gospel; kept me active in the Church; and broadened

my understanding of the meaning of life. John A. Widtsoe, 26.

One of the most important factors for good during the years of my young manhood. F. S. Harris, president Brigham Young University, IQ.

688 IMPROVEMENT ERA

My first and lasting testimony of the divinity of "Mormonism"was first obtained in the Y. M. M. I. A. Edmund Spencer, h. c. Logan, 20.

Pleasant associations, higher ideals, greater faith, improved selfexpression, great opportunity to serve in a magnificant cause. Frank L. West, Cache.

It has been one of the best things that ever came into my life. I cannot even

estimate the great value it has been to me. Preston D. Richards, 29.

As a boy it prepared me for my later Church work, and as a man gave me an opportunity to share in the education of young people. Lyman R. Martineau, 50.

It has been an inspiration in correct living. I quit so that my wife could teach

in the Mutual while I stayed home with the babies. Alfred Gladwell, Mt. Ogden.

In doctrine and in help, as to planning programs, as to training, as a presiding officer, its value has been beyond my power to estimate. James Gunn McKay, 30.

It has been of much benefit to me morally, socially, intellectually and spiritually, and a factor for good in rearing my family, J. W. Brown, patriarch, St. Johns.

It has been a constant inspiration, exciting my deepest interest and devotion.

I regard activity in it as the most important labor of my life. Junius F. Wells, 50.

I have had the opportunity for a world of preparation, covering almost every h. c. Bearbranch of knowledge. I thank my Maker for the M. I. A.—T. L. Austin,

Lake.

I regard the M. I. A. work as an education in itself, and at the same time it

offers an opportunity to use one's knowledge of the gospel in service. Thomas A.

Beat, 3 7.

It gave me an ambition to be helpful to boys and to have an influence with them like the M- I. A. men had with me. John H. Taylor, president Northern States

Mission, 3 8.

Nothing in my life, I am now in my 74th year, has given me more genuine joy or been more profitable to me than my connection with the M. I. A. cause. Joseph

A. West, 15.

It has perhaps been the greatest single agency, so far as auxiliary organizations are concerned, in strengthening me religiously. Edgar M. Jenson, president Dixie

College, 23.

In addition to religious training first awakened desire to know something about literature. I was a member of the first organization formed on the Phillipine Islands

Charles R. Mabey, ExGovernor.

It was in this organization I made my first attempt to speak before the public, and from it I have derived more good in obtaining gospel information than from any organization. Joseph W. McMurrin, 48.

M. I. A. was one of the prime factors in stimulating me in Church activities.

I was called as an M. I. A. missionary in 1890, served on the General Board for

years and in ward and stake offices. Nephi L. Morris, stake president, 19.

I consider the Y. M. M. I. A. has the most consecutive program I have ever

read for making the genuine Christian citizen. It provides spiritual, mental, physical,

social and all instruction necessary to make the modern man. Ernest P. Horsley, 3 8.

It has greatly helped me in preparation for citizenship of our country and for service in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Sanits. I was a member of the

first organization in Paris, Bear Lake stake, organized by Junius F. Wells about the

year 18 78. Joseph R. Shepherd, 10.

In the M. I. A. I have gained experience which has fitted me not only for

Church work, but for civil positions. It has given me an understanding of the

principles of the gospel and strengthened my testimony of the truth and has been the keynote of my life's activities. I owe M. I. A. a debt I can never repay. Thomas

Hull. 50. {Other testimonies will follow in future numbers of the fro.)

Editors 1 Table CHURCH AND MISSION ACTIVITIES President Heber J. Grant's opening speech at the 95th Annual

Conference, follows, and gives a clear and encouraging account of the missions and activities of the Church and of his recent travels, as well as vital counsel and admonition to the Saints on matters of faith and righteous living, and concerning the divinity of our Lord and

Savior, Jesus Christ.

It is very gratifying, indeed to see this immense congregation here this morning, bespeaking the interest of the Latterday Saints in the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. It is customary at the opening

session of our conference to give some statistics and to refer to the condition of the Church at home and abroad. I am very pleased to

be able to announce that the work of the Lord is growing all over the world; and that there is never a month or a year but what the

Church is stronger, spiritually and financially, than it was the month or the year previous.

Financial Statement The following financial statement I am sure will be of interest to the people here assembled:

From the tithes of the Church there has been expended for stake and ward purposes, $1,352,663.43.

For education, the maintenance and operation of Church schools, $727,808.93.

For the construction, maintenance and operation of temples, $442,018.46.

For the care of the worthy poor and other charitable purposes, including hospital treatment, $175,520.77.

For the maintenance and operation if all the missions, and for the erection of places of worship and other buildings in the missions, $700,664.09.

This makes a total of $3,398,785.68, taken from the tithes for the maintenance

and operation of the stakes and wards, for the maintenance and operation of Church schools and temples, for charities, and for mission activities.

In addition to charities paid out of the tithes as before named, there have also been disbursed the fast offerings and Relief Society and other charities, amounting to $489,406.61, which amount, added to the $175,520.77 paid from the tithes, makes a

total of Church charities, $664,927.38.

Church Growth For The Year 1924

Children blessed and entered on the records of the Church in the stakes and missions, 19,955.

Children baptized in the stakes and missions, 14,04 7.

Converts baptized and entered on the records of the stakes and missions, 7,556.

There are now 94 stakes of Zion, 907 wards, 70 independent branches connected with the stakes, 24 mission and 654 branches in the missions.

Social Statistics

Birth rate, 33 per thousand.

690 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Marriage rate, 13 per thousand.

Death rate, 7.3 per thousand.

There are 160,634 persons in the Church who are married; of

this number 256 persons were divorced in the year 1924.

Families owning their own homes, 72 per cent.

President C. W. Penrose Seriously III

As announced in the opening, President Charles W. Penrose is in

a precarious condition. He sends his love to all the brethren, and

desires them to know that they have his confidence in all that they may do; and his message to the Saints is to obey the law, wherever

they reside.,

Elder Seymour B. Young, President of the First Council of

Seventy, has passed away since our last conference, having been a faithful member of the Council for something over forty years.

A Mission Home in Salt Lake City

A home on State street has been dedicated for the entertainment of missionaries, and for the purpose of giving them instructions for a week or more, prior to their departure upon their missions; and

also to take care of any returning missionaries who may be stopping briefly in this city on their way home, after having filled an honorable mission. We are pleased to announce that at the dedication there was

a rich outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord, and we feel assured in our hearts, judging from the inspiration of the occasion, that it will be a source of great benefit to our young men and young women who are called to go out into the mission field.

Changes in Stakes

There have been some changes in a number of the stakes, and the new men chosen to preside are as follows:

Curlew stake, Colen H. Sweeten.

Yellowstone stake, John M. White.

Nebo stake, Lee R. Taylor.

San Luis stake, James P. Jensen,

Young stake, Elmer F. Taylor.

New wards have been organized since our last meeting as follows:

Hilkrest ward. Grant stake.

Inglewood ward, Los Angeles stake.

LaGrand Second ward, Union stake.

Payson Fourth ward, Nebo stake.

Santaquin Second ward, Nebo stake.

Genola ward, Nebo stake.

Virginia City ward, Los Angeles stake.

Home Gardens ward, Los Angeles stake.

Ballard ward, Lost River stake.

New stakes organized since our last conference:

Kolob stake, President George Ray Murdock.

Palmyra stake, President Henry A. Gardner.

In addition to the death of President Seymour B. Young we announce the

EDITOR'S TABLE 691

death, since our last meeting, of David H. Cannon, president of the St. George

temple, for many years; Bishop James A. Wright, of Bingham ward, Jordan stake,

and Bishop Armond T. Rose, of North Farmington ward, South Davis stake.

Missionary Work Perhaps no one thing in connection with the Church is as dear to the hearts of the Latterday Saints as our missionary labor. Counting the time, the salaries that might be earned by those who are in

the mission field, and the expense of maintaining them there, the

Latterday Saints are expending today something over $2,000,000 a year for the spread of the gospel in the world.

We know that the first and most important duty for us is to love the Lord our God with all our heart, might, mind and strength; and

second to that is love for our fellowmen. No people in all the world in

proportion to their numbers, are giving such evidence of a love for their fellowmen, and a desire for their welfare, as are the Latterday Saints.

Our missionary work proclaims to all the world our willingness to make financial sacrifice and to labor with no hope of earthly reward, for the salvation of the souls of the children of our Father in heaven.

I am sure that a general statement of the missions will be of interest to this congregation.

Each and all of the men presiding over these missions are giving the best in their power for the advancement of their missions. They

are men of God, devoted to the welfare of their respective missions.

And this can be said also of all the other missions, the statistics of which I shall now read, giving the name of the mission, the president, the missionaries, the membership and the Church property.

We have in the California mission, presided over most ably by

President Joseph W. McMurrin, 125 missionaries. There are 8,625

people in that mission. We own Church property in that mission

valued at $289,114.04.

(Here President Grant read the information printed, in tabulated form, in this number of the Era at the head of "Messages from the

Mission."P. 676.)

Elder James E. Taltnage, President of the European Mission

Here let me mention the splendid work Elder James E. Talmage is doing presiding over the European mission. The fact that he

is a member of the Royal Society of Edinburgh gives him a standing in Europe that perhaps none of the rest of us could possibly have.

He is receiving excellent consideration from newspapers there, and is working early and late, as he has done all his life. He is one of the

most industrious, energetic men I have ever known, and is making a very splendid successor to President David O. McKay, who did such

good work as the president of the European mission.

The grand total of our missionaries is 1,871; of members in the

692 IMPROVEMENT ERA

missions, 117,340; the grand total of Church property in these missions is $1,934,763.51, lacking but a very few dollars of $2,000,000

of money invested in Church property throughout the world.

Certainly when we consider the limited means of the people who embrace the gospel all over the the gospel seems to reach world—for

the have great cause to rejoice in the financial showing poor—we

in our missions, as well as the wonderful showing financially here at home.

President Grant's Tour of Missions

Since I last had the privilege of meeting with you in general conference, I have visited the missionaries in the east, and given them

Indianapolis, Indiana; Minneapolis and St. Paul instructions—in

Minnesota; Detroit, Michigan, and Milwaukee, Wisconsin; also in

Chicago, and held public meetings in all of these places except Chicago.

At Minneapolis we had the pleasure of dedicating a very splendid meetinghouse and recreation hall erected there, and of meeting with a most excellent class of Latterday Saints. We have chapels also

at St. Paul and Minneapolis. The Saints at Detroit and at Indianapolis

are gathering funds for the purpose of assisting in erecting chapels in those places.

On Nov. 27, I left Salt Lake City for Independence to attend

the funeral of my cousin and the cousin of President Joseph F. Smith,

Thalia Grant Smith. The services were well attended. After that I

had the privilege of holding meetings in Independence, Kansas City, and St. Louis; also at Fort Worth, San Antonio and Kelsey, Texas,

and in Wichita, Kansas, and instructing the missionaries in all of these places, as well as holding public meetings, which were well attended.

In a number of places we have excellent meetinghouses to meet in. In

others we have rented halls.

During this trip I had the privilege of speaking before the Chamber of Commerce in Kansas City, Missouri. The secretary announced

his regret that all of the six thousand members of that great body had not had the privilege of listening to my twenty minute talk. I

said in reply: "I can remedy that very easily. I will have six thousand

copies of this speech delivered at your office so that when you send out your next monthly statements you can enclose a copy."

He expressed his pleasure in doing it. They were printed, and

delivered, and I have received many letters from men who have read the speech, expressing their pleasure in having heard or read what

I bad to say regarding the faith of the Latterday Saints. In that

short address, speaking very rapidly (much more rapidly than I am doing now), I quoted all the Articles of our Faith and made comments upon them. It took four columns of the Christmas News to

print that twenty and onehalf minutes speech. I rejoice that there

were at least a score of influential men who shook hands with me and

EDITOR'S TABLE 693

expressed their pleasure in having heard the plain statement of the faith of the Latterday Saints, as embodied in our Articles of Faith.

When I stop to reflect that the Latterday Saints were expelled from the state of Missouri under the exterminating order of the governor of the state, then to think that representative men of one of the largest business organizations in Kansas of the most City—one

progressive cities in the listen with attention and afterUnion—would

wards congratulate the President of the Church upon a speech in which he quoted the Articles of Faith, and some of them expressed regret that I did not have an hour instead of twenty minutes, and invited me to come back again, and take the hour, certainly we have acknowledge that God is moving in a mysterious way his wonders to perform, and that the Latterday Saints are becoming known for what they really Godfearing, upright people, who are loyal to God and are—a

to their country.

The newspapers in all these places gave me better notices and published fairer reports of the speeches I made than I have ever had before on any trip I have taken.

On January 9, I left Salt Lake City for Los Angeles, for a brief visit, feeling very much the need of a little rest. I had the pleasure,

on that short trip of only ten days, of speaking in the Adams ward and the Matthews ward in Los Angeles stake.

Feb. 3, I left Salt Lake City for a visit to the California, the Central States, and the Southern States missions, first treading the sands

of the Pacific, and a few days later the sands of the Atlantic. Meetings were held upon that trip, in Ocean Park, Oakland and San Francisco; also in New Orleans, in Jacksonville, Florida, and in Atlanta.

Georgia.

In all these places there was a splendid attendance, and again the newspapers gave very fair notices of the meetings and of what was said. In no case was there any attempt to ridicule or belittle or to

change the remarks that I had made in public, where reports were taken, or where interviews were given. Some slight mistakes were

made, but they were all unintentional mistakes.

I have never enjoyed greater liberty in proclaiming the gospel than I did in some of the meetings on this last trip, lasting something over five weeks, visiting the California, the Central States and the

Southern States missions.

I believe this fully covers the activites of the Church that would be of interest to the Latterday Saints, and of my own labors since we were together six months ago.

Absolute Faith In Jesus Christ

I rejoice beyond the power with which God has endowed me to express my feelings, in the knowledge I posses regarding the divinity of 694 IMPROVEMENT ERA

this great Latterday work in which we, as Latterday Saints, are engaged; and as I travel I find a lack of belief in God, and in the

divinity of Jesus Christ, even among the ministers of the gospel, I rejoice in the fact that every man and woman in the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints has an absolute faith in God, in his individuality, and an absolute faith that Christ is the Son of God, the Redeemer of the world; that he came to the earth with a divinely appointed

mission to die for the sins of the world, and that he is in very deed the head of the Church of Christ.

Upon the trip last mentioned, I cut from a newspaper a clipping which I had intended to read at this conference, but I have misplaced it. It was a recommendation by an English lord that people discard the

"absurdity"of Jesus Christ as a God on earth and a Redeemer of the world, and that they accept the Mohammedan philosophy; suggesting

that they could believe in all of the ethical teachings of the religion of

Christ and Mohammed, but that they should get away from the absurdities of Christianity, and settle the various disputes and troubles that they were having in the Christian religion.

Wherever I read that I read it in a number of statement—and

took the trouble to state to the people in the various placesplaces—I

where I preached, the position of the Latterday Saints as to the gospel in which we believe. I quoted the vision of Joseph Smith and Sidney

Rigdon, as follows:,

"And this is the gospel, the glad tidings, which the voice out of th>!

heavens bore record unto us "That he came unto the world, even Jesus, to be crucified for the world, and to bear the sins of the world, and to sanctify the world, and to cleanse it from all unrighteousness;

"That through him all might be saved whom the Father had put into his power and made by him;

"Who glorifies the Father, and saves all the works of his hands, except those sons of perdition who deny the Son after the Father has revealed him."

I announced to the people that in the Church of Jesus Christ no man or woman would be admitted into the Church, or be permitted to retain fellowship who is not willing to accept this statement absolutely without mental reservation. I also read to them:

"And now, after the many testimonies which have been given of him, this is the testimony; last of all, which we give of him: That he lives!

"For we saw him, even on the right hand of God; and we heard the

voice bearing record that he is the Only Begotten of the Father "That by him, and through him, and of him, the worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters of God."

I announced in those meetings, in some of which the majority of the audience were nonmembers of the Church, that every Latterday

Saint must subscribe to the doctrine that God himself visited the boy

Joseph Smith, and that God himself introduced Jesus Christ to the boy as his wellbeloved Son. I announced to these audiences

EDITOR'S TABLE 6f5

that among the Latterday Saints there is no evidence of "modernism"socalled, and that no man or woman will be fellowshiped in this

Church who denies the individuality, the personality of God, or that

Jesus Christ is in very deed the Son of the living God, the Redeemer of the world.

The Word of Wisdom I regret to say that there is becoming evident among the Saints, a lack of interest and a looseness in observing the Word of Wisdom. I

regret to have heard that there are men occupying positions as bishops'counselors, and as members of high councils, who do not observe this law; that certain bishops'counselors and members of high councils are

not only drinking tea and coffee, but some of them are using tobacco.

No man who uses tobacco is worthy to stand as high councilor in this

Church. He owes it to himself to clean himself up or step aside and

allow a man with more faith, with more manhood, with more integrity to God and his laws, to take the position that he occupies.

President Wilford Woodruff from this stand, many years ago, called upon every man holding the Priesthood* and occupying any office in this Church, to obey the Word of Wisdom or to resign and step aside. I reiterate that men who do not obey the Word of Wisdom

are not worthy to stand as examples before the people, to be invited into private priesthood meetings and to discuss matters for the welfare of the Church of God. Their disobedience shows a lack of faith in the

work of God. I shall not take your time to read all of the Word of

Wisdom, but I shall take time to read the words of the living God that must be acknowledged by every Latterday Saint to be the word of

God, or he or she is not entitled to be a member of this Church.

After telling us what is good for us, the Lord makes a promise that is one of the most marvelous, one of the most uplifting and inspiring promises that could possibly be made to mortal man. He says:

The Promise "And all Saints who remember to keep and do these sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments, shall receive health in their nav?l

and marrow to their bones;

"And shall find wisdom and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasures; "And shall run and not be weary, and shall walk and not faint.

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, that the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of Israel, and not slay them."

What a wonderful promise; that we shall live, and that the destroyer shall have no power over us. There is a God. There is also a

destroyer, the adversary of mankind, and it is his business to tempt men to commit sin. It is his business to inspire men to commit

suicide. It is his business to try to destroy, through disease, those who

are afflicted.

696 IMPROVEMENT ERA

An Illustration of the Destroyer Rebuked

I shall never forget the occasion when a friend appealed to me, upon learning that the doctor had announced that his daughter, stricken with diphtheria, would die before morning. He asked me to pray

for that daughter, and after leaving his office I prayed with all the earnestness of my soul that God would heal that girl. While praying,

the inspiration came to me; "The power of the living God is here

on the earth. The Priesthood is here. Hurry! Hurry! Get John

Henry Smith; go and rebuke the power of the destroyer, and the girl

shall live."

The doctor waiting upon that girl said she could not live till morning; but when morning came he explained that he could not comprehend it, and that he believed the girl was going to get well. He

could not refrain from expressing his surprise at the change in the girl's condition over night. The power of the living God rebuked the

destroyer. "And I, the Lord, give unto them a promise, that the destroying angel shall pass by them, as the children of Israel, and not slay them."

The Lord has told us through the Prophet Joseph Smith:

"If a person gains more knowledge and intelligence in this life, through his diligence and obedience than another, he will have so much the advantage in the world to come."

No man who breaks the Word of Wisdom can gain the sarre amount of knowledge and intelligence in this world as the man who obeys that law. I don't care who he is or where he comes from, his

mind will not be as clear, and he cannot advance as far and as rapidly and retain his power as much as he would if he obeyed the Word of

Wisdom.

Tithes and Real Prosperity The law of financial prosperity to the Latterday Saints, under covenant with God, is to be an honest tithepayer, and not to rob the

Lord in tithes and offerings. Prosperity comes to those who observe

the law of tithing; and when I say prosperity I am not thinking of it

in terms of dollars and cents alone, although as a rule the Latterday

Saints who are the best tithepayers are the most prosperous men, financially; but what I count as real prosperity, as the one thing of all

others that is of greatest value to every man and woman living, is the growth in a knowledge of God, and in a testimony, and in the power to live the gospel and to inspire our families to do the same. That is

prosperity of the truest kind. I would rather die in poverty knowing

that my family could testify that, to the best of the ability with which

God had endowed me, I had observed his laws and kept his commandments, and by my example, had proclaimed the gospel, than to have all the wealth of the world.

EDITOR'S TABLE 697

Our Religion The Truth

Either we have the truth, and this gospel called "Mormonism,"is in very deed the plan of life and salvation, the power of God unto salvation, through his Son Jesus Christ, and by following its teachings the greatest of all the gifts of God to man, namely, life eternal, will be ours, or it is not the truth.

God has given to men and women all over the wide world, seeking for the light of his spirit, in answer to humble prayers, a testimony and a knowledge that this gospel is exactly what it purports to be that it is the truth, that it will stand, forever, and that those who live it shall be exalted eternally in the presence of our heavenly Father, and his Son, our Redeemer.

Closing Testimony

May God help each and every one of us who have a knowledge of the divinity of this work to so live that other men seeing our good deeds, may glorify God and be led to investigate the plan of life and saivation. I bear witness to you here today, that I know God lives,

that Jesus is the Christ, that Joseph Smith was and is a prophet of the true and living God, that he was a martyr, that he gave his life for this cause, and that his blood bears witness to the integrity, the honesty and inspiration of his mission as a prophet of the living God, because he was true even unto death. May God help us one and all to live the

truth, is my prayer, and I ask it in the name of Jesus. Amen.

A Correction In the article, "The Valley of Fire,"by Edwin G. Wells, Logandale, Nevada, in the April Era, a clipping was by error added from a

"recent news item,"not intended to go under the name of Mr. Wells,

nor in his communication. There are erroneous statements in the

"news item"referred to of which he says:

"Pueblo Grande was not inhabited by a race of giants with an average height of over 7 feet, but was inhabited by a small people only slightly over 5 feet in height. The skeletons referred to have

averaged very little over 5 feet. I think one large skeleton was found.

The error makes my position disagreeable. My friends who know the

facts of the buried city wonder why I should make such a mistake."

The "news item"was added to Mr. Wells'article in error, and

it should not be considered as his communication. It had been clipped

from a newspaper item and should not have gone in under his name. A.

Priesthood Quorums

Ward Teachers'Stake Convention

A company of 796 people met in the Highland Park chapel of the

Granite stake on Thursday evening, March 26, in a ward teachers'convention. The bishops and counselors and their wives, the ward teachers and their

wives and the clerks of the stake and their wives, and 348 laboring teachers, were present. It appeared from the reports made that the percentage of visits

made during the month of March was 94, so that nearly all the families of the stake had been visited. The congregation was addressed by Adam S.

Bennion, superintendent of Church Schools, on "The Observance of the

Sabbath Day,"a theme taken up in the stake by the ward teachers for April;

also treated in the Home Evening program. President Frank Y. Taylor spoke

on the latter subject, promising those who would observe this evening faithfully that none of their children should be lost. At the close of the meeting

in the recreation hall interesting and artistic musical exercises were rendered, and the M. I. A. presented several acts in singing, dancing, reading, etc.

The Melchizedek Priesthood Study

Subject: Doctrines of the Church Text: A Study of the Articles of Faith

LESSON 23: THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued)

Text: Chapter 14, pages 264272

Consider each topic in the text. Give particular attention to the arrangement of the component books in the Book of Mormon. Try to get the

spirit of the solemn declaration made by the witnesses. Consult Appendix 14.

LESSON 24: THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued)

Text: Chapter 14, pages 273282

Consider all the topics presented in the text. Of these, the fulfilment

of Book of Mormon prophecies is among the most important.

LESSON 25: THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued)

Text: Chapter 15, pages 283293

Follow the text. Consider well the last topic, page 293.

LESSON 26: DIVINE REVELATION

Text: Chapter 16, pages 296302

Consider every topic in the text. Compare thoughtfully revelation with

inspiration. Divine revelation in ancient times is generally admitted by believers in the Holy Bible; cite scriptures other than Biblical on this subject.

LESSON 27: DIVINE REVELATION (Continued)

Text: Chapter 16, pages 302311

Stress the consistency of presentday revelation in view of the fact that divine revelation was usual in ancient times. Show the necessity

of current revelation. Cite scriptural assurances as to future revelation to the

Church. i PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 699

The Deacons'Meeting By Ralph Olpin, Pleasant Grove L. D. S. Seminary, a Deacon

Fellow deacons and holders of the Priesthood: I desire to discuss

the quorum meeting and its purposes. In most cases the deacons meet with

all the priesthood for opening exercises. After separation it is best to have

a song and prayer unless you have to stay in the same room.

Who should take charge of the meeting, the class or the president?

It is the duty of the president along with his counselors. After singing

and prayer the secretary should call the roll. Every member's name should

be called. After this, he should read brief minutes of the previous meeting.

Then those who have been assigned special duties should give report. Some

may wonder what is meant by this. Each week there are certain duties

of the deacons to be done. Some of these are: Passing the sacrament, taking

care of the sacrament set, gathering monthly fast offerings, ushering, acting as messenger to the bishop, cleaning the meetinghouse, outside activities, and missionary work to interest absent and inactive members*

After these reports the president should assign duties for the following week. Let us mention some of these duties. The sacrament should be

passed in an orderly way. The president will assign enough of the members present at the meeting to pass the sacrament the following Sunday. Each

should know his place and be as quiet as possible; in dress, neat, hands and

face clean, hair combed, shoes blacked. It is the duty of the deacons to deliver the sacrament set to the person who washes it and also to see that it is

on hand at Sunday school. The president should appoint someone in the

quorum meeting to see to this. Following each meeting two or three deacons

should be appointed to visit the homes of those who did not give their fast offering in meeting. A member of the presidency should see to the fast

gathering or observe any instructions that the bishop of the ward may give to the deacons. In some wards deacons are assigned to usher the people

to the place where they will be most comfortable. This duty should be

carried on in orderly manner by deacons appointed in the quorum meeting.

A deacon should always be prepared to act as messenger for the bishop. If

the bishop has an important message for the people he may ask the deacons to carry it to them, and the deacons so appointed should respond to the call promptly. In some wards it is left to the deacons to clean and heat the

meetinghouse. The necessary number for this duty should be appointed in

quorum meeting. On Saturday they should sweep and dust. They should

respect the House of the Lord and not yell, run, or use improper language in it.

Such outside duties as cutting wood for widows should also be taken care of in quorum meeting. If there are any inactive members in the quorum,

active members should be appointed to go and get them to try to attend to their duties.

Now as to other things, if any new deacon has been ordained and is to be a member of the quorum he should be accepted by a vote of the members.

Any other business that the members may have should be taken up in the meeting at the proper time and place.

It is all right for deacons to have their sport, as athletic contests between quorums, as long as they attend to their duties. In each quorum

meeting there should be a lesson given which should be taken from the outline for deacons'study provided by the Church. This should be given under the

direction of the class leader, and all the deacons should be given a chance to take parts of the lesson to prepare and deliver. In closing the quorum

meeting there should be an appropriate song and one of the members should offer the benediction.

I wonder how many of us know the purpose of the quorum meeting?

One purpose is to develop a devotional attitude, to learn how to show our 700 IMPROVEMENT ERA

respect to the most high God. We learn the iacred hymns and each member is given a chance to pray. When he has a part of the lesson to give, and

he stands up before the rest of the deacons, it gives him some practice that will be of great benefit to him all his life, especially if he goes on a mission.

He will be better able to teach and preach the gospel and bear his testimony with dignity and without fear. He learns his duties and how to perform

them so that he may be worthy of promotion. He also learns to respect

the meetinghouse because it is the duty of a deacon to maintain order. This

is quite a difficult problem, because at the age of the deacons it is hard to keep quiet. In the winter the boys have a tendency to enter the building

before stamping the snow off their feet. Sometimes they take their sleighs

in and drop them down, making a noise. This should be stopped.

"Behold, mine house is a house of order, saith the Lord God, and not a house of confusion."Doc. and Cov. 132:8. "Therefore, cease from all

your light speeches, from all laughter, from all your lustful desires, from all your pride and lightmindedness, and from all your wicked doings. Appoint

among yourselves a teacher, and let not all be spokesmen at once; but let one

speak at a time, and let all listen unto his sayings, that when all have spoken that all may be edified of all, and that every man may have an equal privilege."Doc. and Cov. 88:121, 122.

Therefore, fellow deacons, after the Lord has given us these commandments, why should the Lord's servants appointed to keep order, make a noise and cause confusion?

May we all be able to do our duty as deacons and keep God's commandments and be true servants in honoring our office in the Priesthood.

Pleasant Grove, Utah

This unusually good little snap shot showing the north and west sides of the

Canadian temple was taken by M. J. Rasmussen at Cardston before the dedication

while a company of tourists were being shown through the building. At present the

trees are very much taller, but the hundreds of tourists are no longer to be seen gatherd there. Maud B. Rasmussen, Magrath, Alberta, Canada.

(Mutual Work

Superintendents and Ward Officers

Please make announcement in all public meetings of the Jubilee celebration in commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the organization of the

Y. M. M. I. A., to be held in Salt Lake City, June 6-10, 1925.

Committees are at work preparing to make it one of the most notable occasions in the history of our organization, as well as in the annals of the

Church. We trust that as many as possible will avail themselves of the opportunity to join in the celebration. The main features will be a religious

program, business meetings, a pageant and a parade.

M. I. A. in Germany

Dean Dinwoodey, mission secretary, SwissGerman mission, Basel,

Switzerland, March 17: "Concerted effort was begun last fall to organize

Mutuals in the branches of this mission patterned after the organizations in

Zion. We are meeting with great success. Last fall we issued a booklet detailing the purposes and organization and work of the Mutual, outlining the

different activities, together with three adequate sized manuals for courses of study. In some of our organizations we have as many as five classes, including a troop of boy scouts. We are preparing manuals for the year 19251926

and will be glad to use the manuals in English for the preparation of the same. To that end, kindly forward us manuals of the Y. M. M. I. A. used

in the different classes in 1922, '23 and '24. We have the Advanced Senior

lessons which appear in the Improvement Era.'

Granite Stake MerryGo-Round On the evening of March 24 the Granite stake M. I. A. conducted a

merrygo-round in which all the wards of the stake participated. Each ward

had a different act and each act was seen in each of the wards. Many thousands of people, assembled in the nine wards of the stake, were delighted with

the splendid presentation which consisted of the following program: Emerson,

"Over the Garden Wall;"Forest Dale, "Fine Feathers;"Hawthorne, "The

Wild Rose;"Highland Park, "The Four Musketeers;"Nibley Park, "Baby

Blues;"Parleys, "Seven Stages of Life;"Richards, "Spring;"Sugar House,

"The Spirit of Mutual;"Wasatch, "Memories of India."The stage display,

the music from the various orchestras and musicians, the acting, dancing, costuming, delighted all who witnessed it. Richards ward won the prize.

Summer and Jubilee Instructions

At the semiannual meeting of the Y. M. M. I. A. officers, held on

Monday morning, April 6, at 8:30, there was a fairly good attendance. A

male chorus, after prayer by Parley P. Black of the Lost River stake, sang,

"Till the Victory's Won."by B. Cecil Gates. General Superintendent George

Albert Smith presided. He pointed out that our Church and organization is

among the leaders of the world in many community activities. He urged that

our position be maintained, and counseled the parents to make a closer companionship and association with their children. Executive Director Oscar A.

Kirkham discussed the contest work for the June Jubilee, outlines of which ap702 IMPROVEMENT ERA

peared in the April number of the Era. He suggested that fathers and sons'

outings be planned now, in order that this activity may be made a complete success in all the stakes. He also discussed the relationship of the Boy Scout

movement to the Y. M. M. I. A., and made it plain that the teaching of

religious instruction should be given by scoutmasters so that the purpose of scouting in our organizations may not be misdirected. He also stated that paid

experts must be employed to direct the scouts in the various councils. Elder

Thomas Hull of the General Board stated that the primary object of the

M. I. A. work. is to implant a testimony of the gospel in the hearts of its

members. Some activities, while temporal, must yet be founded on faith,

for the basis and intent of our work is spiritual and the activities are only a means to an end. Elder Junius F. Wells spoke on the preparation for the

parade June 10, and Elder Edward H. Anderson urged extensive advertising of

the Jubilee celebrations through the various stakes of the Church, including notices in meetings and in the local press. A general discussion of problems

of the Y. M. M. I. A. was conducted. The benediction was pronounced by

President Edward J. Wood, of the Alberta stake.

Oakland Y. M. M. I. A., California M Men,

This picture represents the M 'Men of the Oakland branch of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. This class has recently been organized;and are

taking hold of the program of work as outlined with great enthusiasm. The young

men are shown here signing the constitution as charter members. They all enjoy

the spirit of the gospel and one may expect to hear many praise worthy things in the near future from this class of young men. Oakland Y. M. M. I. A., G, Marion Gates.

Recreation Leadership Institutes

Commencing with the week of Jan. 26, a series of institutes in Recreation Leadership, under direction of the General Boards of M. I. A., were

MUTUAL WORK 705

conducted for the stakes in and adjacent to Salt Lake, Ogden, Logan and

Provo. The opening session was held in Ogden on Mon. evening, Jan. 26,

and met thereafter each Mon. evening until Mar. 2. In Logan the sessions

were held on Fri. evening, in Salt Lake on Thurs. evening. In Provo,

American Fork, Spanish Fork and Payson on Wednesdays and Saturdays.

More than 2,500 M. I. A. leaders attended these institutes. Oscar A. Kirkham, executive director of the Y. M. M. I. A., had charge of the Institutes.

Elder Melvin J. Ballard, of the General Superintendency, Ephraim E. Erickson, and Claude C. Cornwall, of the General Board of M. I. A., Miss Ann

Nebeker of the General Board of Primary, W. O. Robinson, Special Field

worker of the M. I. A., Miss Wilma Jeppson, of the Brigham Young

University, and Miss Marjorie Gowans of the Deseret Gymnasium, took charge of the department sessions.

Each evening the group met in general session for the first hour, where problems of supervision and items of general interest were presented. Then

the group divided into four sections: Child, Adolescence, Adult, and Community; and there studied recreational needs and interests for these various

age groups. The third period was devoted to special programs with helpful

suggestions given by demonstration from the various stakes. At the conclusion of the course a mimeographed booklet was presented to each enrolled member, containing a complete summary of all material and suggestions presented during the course.

Advanced Senior Class, Wandamere, Grant Stake

This class has done well during the past season in helping to make the association a success. The population of the ward is 750. The class

best record of any class of its has an average attendance of thirtytwo—the

kind in the stake. The picture shows the class with the following persons in

the front row reading from left to right: A. T. Shurtleff, bishop; James

Jack, second counselor. These are not members of the class, however, but

have supported the work in many ways. John Laxman, president of the Y.

M. M. I. A.; and Neve Fox; Louise DeJong, Dora Midgley, Emma Maxwell, presidency of the Y. L. M. I. A.; Savella H. Strong, teacher of the

class; M. Boutista, a Lamanite brother who has recently filled 'a mission in

Old Mexico; Barnard Medaline, a Jewish brother who has been a member of

our Church only about four months. Besides the people named, the class

Mutual work 705

consists of the officers of the Relief Society, the Sunday School, the elders'quorum and other leading officers of the ward, all of whom are enrolled ind in regular attendance. Many others are good, loyal members whose names

space will not permit mentioning. However, it will readily be seen that

the success of the class is due to the unity and faithfulness of the members of the ward in general who are anxiously engaged in the good cause and do many things of their own free will and bring to pass much righteousness.

Wishing the Era sucess in its splendid work, very respectfully. Savella H.

Strong, class leader.

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, March, 1925

m a,

a feS. a Ss 81 11 So STAKES 12 15 CO S 2

S3 GO < a"3 << J- g.2 -a5S OJ

Bear River 476 91 199 160 21 124 595 62 87 87 100 336

Benson 758 124 140 204 115 252 835 98 73 112 49 139 471

Box Elder 786 111 301 184 36 301 933 89 138 91 17 207 542

Cache 520 94 55 159 276 584 70 20 91 110 291

Carbon 360 44 108 54 28 89 323 30 29 23 14 55 151

Cottonwood. 681 110 80 240 242 672 81 33 131 179 424

Deseret 435 96 254 129 138 700 72 180 90 60 109 511

Duchesne 300 71 93 63 86 334 56 70 48 16 60 250

Emery 494 52 58 137 172 419 42 36 102 134 314

Granite 911 97 100 238 95 250 780 84 80 165 50 170 549

Grant 1047 129 266 108 1 1 1 394 1008 113 63 123 83 269 651

Hyrum 500 75 169 166 201 611 67 114 116 140 437

Jordan 793 67 141 236 314 758 73 59 95 154 381

Juab 343 40 74 99 116 329 30 39 53 48 170

Kanab 210 59 69 40 89 257 32 50 28 60 170

Liberty 1326 127 280 359 172 414 1352 103 165 188 102 302 860

Millard 570 53 98 79 127 357 33 42 36 44 155

Morgan 198 62 118 44 11 96 331 52 78 34 9 78 251

Mount Ogden 519 69 133 185 2H 598 58 65 104 135 362

Nebo 480 42 79 69 35 119 344 31 40 21 22 73 187

North Davis 451 63 99 151 17 164 495 45 40 42 10 89 226

North Sanpete 730 81 147 166 39 292 725 55 44 82 42 105 328

North Weber 713 128 147 220 270 765 91 73 127 175 466

Ogden 792 97 209 235 306 847 74 141 146 224 585

Oquirrh 420 55 61 90 44 170 420 42 24 35 20 106 227

Palmyra 493 Parowan 463 64 167 111 44 100 486 38 88 "67 37 69 299

Pioneer 777 82 77 177 82 190 608 63 30 85 40 125 343

St. George... 654 128 172 157 82 198 737 78 105 124 45 131 483

Salt Lake 1063 138 153 187 154 320 295 110 65 96 93 190 554

San Juan 173 37 58 69 21 83 268 24 40 39 14 42 159

Sevier 353 51 84 104 12 139 390 32 52 60 10 108 262

South Davis. 503 80 106 149 23 366 724 67 59 73 14 143 356

South Sonpete 440 57 72 169 29 181 508 34 9 63 22 101 229

South Sevier 285 51 89 53 19 72 284 38 43 28 6 48 163

Tintic 254 38 99 46 147 330 25 32 16 71 144

Utah 1100 131 164 299 430 1024 107 106 177 328 718

Weber 655 77 124 171 82 192 646 60 37 61 43 106 307

Bear Lake... 363 58 76 110 133 377 46 46 62 68 222

Bingham 530 103 169 90 130 "53 7 64 115 69 18 84 350

Blackfoot 514 88 169 119 127 513 58 85 58 5 81 287

Burley 315 76 130 95 131 442 62 62 42 2 62 230

Cassia 169 42 67 26 54 231 30 41 19 22 32 144

Curlew 124 22 43 30 35 130 15 16 16 22 69 704 IMPROVEMENT ERA

il 8S 3a a 3B NE si.3 a a a a.2 *3 I 3 a3 3 STAKES li I. Si 02is 02i a 1

E-i 1. 1 3o 6 g si S O& g.2 a a 1 Ms 1 li a a 3! <<a S <<

s3 Franklin 42u n 11 96 141 154 270 661 65 59 75 137 336

Fremont 607 13 13 122 244 261 139 157 922 85 107 173 78 88 531 169 S 8 59 94 45 44 242 36 54 28 20 138

Lost River - 120 4 3 26 40 46 42 154 14 17 12 20 63

Malad 329 8 8 78 85 93 136 329 49 73 75 102?qo

Minidoka 223 8 8 64 93 71 11 78 317 52 39 40 2 43 176

Montpelier 345 12 12 85 129 103 19 141 477 64 53 45 7 105 274

Oneida 354 11 9 74 95 68 19 100 356 53 48 36 10 70 217

Pocatello 473 10 10 106 93 118 37 127 418 79 55 74 26 91 325

Portneuf 181 11 6 46 55 41 28 58 228 35 39 22 20 34 150

Raft River.... 160 8 4 26 34 24 26 110 16 12 10 9 47

535 13 13 130 136 144 14 188 612 78 71 84 74 307

Shelley 335 9 9 68 107, 83 35 87 375 55 69 55 7.9 37 745

300 8 7 45 85 42 5 62 239 36 56 30 4 58 184

Twin Falls 194 7 4 26 56 47 47 176 17 37 23 35 112

Yellowstone 336 10 9 57 125 90 15 79 366 49 72 53 10 50 234

Alberta 352 11 11 86 136 157 32 169 580 70 102 120 24 136 45?

Big Horn 340 7 6 39 102 117 54 94 406 34 70 70 32 76 282 120 5 5 27 63 30 26 37 185 22 28 16 23 28 1 17

Lethbridge.. 234 9 8 58 75 66 35 56 290 40 52 34 20 35 181

Maricopa 361 8 8 66 132 88 36 113 435 56 75 48 20 65 264

Los Angeles. 400 16 16 115 165 250 190 720 105 149 220 165 639

St. Joseph—516 16 9 83 115 125 185 508 58 57 60 106 281

Star Valley... 352 11 11 89 63 98 27 117 394 73 43 84 18 92 310

321 6 6 68 94 97 58 111 428 54 62 63 27 78 784 194 7 7 52 50 85 24 45 257 39 35 60 15 36 185

Woodruff 435 8 8 78 139 123 13 139 492 63 117 76 13 106 375 85 4 3 22 32 41 39 134 15 10 17 24 66

Calif. Mission 707|30|21 178 278 197 176 892 140 177 136 112 565

N. W. States |16|15 81 130 44 16 20 291 77 73 38 12 14 214

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, March, 1925

2 a 3 s 0 STAKES 3 CO S S.9

fa So>>S3 e U

Bear River. 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 9 10 9 94

Benson 10 6 10 9 9 10 9 9 10 9 91

Box Elder. 10 6 10 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 91

Cache 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 96

Carbon 8 5 10 10 4 10 6 9 10 10 82

Cottonwood 10 6 10 8 10 10 8 10 9 9 90

Deseret 10 10 9 10 6 10 10 10 10 9 j 4

Duchesne 10 10 7 3 5 10 6 7 8 83

Emery 8 10 7 7 7 9 8 5 7 8 76 Granite 9 10 10 10 10 10 6 5 10 10 90

Grant 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 96

Hyrum 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Jordan 10 5 8 8 8 8 8 4 9 8 76

Juab 9 5 10 10 10 10 10 9 8 9 90

Kanab 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 10 | 10 98

Liberty 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 I 10 96 706 IMPROVEMENT ERA

11 s O. a -.3a5 o 31? s I STAKES 1S s If 1EH q i >>S3 53 1 So s 1 es OS8

is 5=

Millard 6 5 10 9 7 10 10 9 10 10 86

Morgan..... 10 10 10 10 9 10 10 10 10 9 98

Mount Ogdcn 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 96

Nebo 10 5 4 4 3 6 1 3 6 6 48 North Davis.... 10 5 9 10 10 10 10 10 7 10 91

North Sanpete.. 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 8 93

North Weber 10 6 8 7 5 8 7 10 10 8 79

Ogden 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Oquirrh... 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

Palmyra 10 7 10 10 9 10 9 6 9 8 88

Parowan 10 6 10 10 10 10 9 9 9 6 89

Pioneer. 8 6 8 10 7 8 7 7 8 8 77

St. George 10 7 10 6 5 10 9 9 9 8 83

Salt Lake 9 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

San Juan 10 6 8 10 5 3 10 7 10 3 82

Sevier 10 10 7 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 97

South Davis.... 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

South Sanpete 10 4 10 7 10 10 10 7 10 9 87

South Sevier 10 6 8 8 6 8 8 9 9 8 80

Tintic 10 4 8 10 8 10 10 10 7 9 86

Utah 9 10 '10 10 10 10 10 10 10 9 98

Weber '10 5 "10 9 9 10 9 10 10 10 92

Bear Lake 10 6 7 7 3 8 7 7 8 9 72

Bingham 10 7 10 9 9 10 10 10 8 10 93

Blackfoot 10 6 10 5 7 10 10 10 10 10 88

Burley 10 6 8 7 7 10 10 9 9 10?6

Cassia 10 6 10 10 10 10 10 10 8 9 93

Curlew 10 5 5 5 4 4 5 2 2 2 45

Franklin 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 95

Fremont 10 7 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 97

Idaho 10 6 7 10 8 9 9 10 8 8 85

Lost River 10 6 7 7 7 5 7 7 5 7 68

Malad 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Minidoka 10 6 8 5 9 10 9 10 9 6 82

Montpelier 10 6 10 8 8 10 10 10 10 10 92

Oneida. 10 6 10 10 7 10 8 8 9 8 86

Pocatello..... 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Portneuf 10 10 7 4 2 8 6 7 10 7 71

Raft River 7 5 2 10 7 10 3 10 54

Rigby 10 5 10 9 To 10 10 9 10 8 91

Shelley 10 6 10 8 8 10 10 10 9 9 93

Teton 8 10 9 2 3 9 10 7 10 10 78

Twin Falls. 9 6 7 5 5 7 9 8 10 7 72

Yellowstone 10 6 9 7 8 10 8 7 8 7 80

Alberta 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Big Horn 10 5 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 5 90

Juarez 10 10 10 4 2 10 4 10 8 10 78

Lethbridge 10 7 9 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 96

Maricopa 10 6 10 '10 10 10 9 10 10 10 95

Los Angeles 10 10 8 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 98

St. Joseph 10 6 7 8.... 10 8 8 7 8 72

Star Valley 10 10 10 10.10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Taylor 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Union 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Woodruff 10 1 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 10 100

Young. 10 5 8 4 8 6 6 7 6 60

Calif Mission 1 10 1 10 9 3 3 9 9 6 3 8 70

N. W. States.. 1 1 10 9 1 1 10 7 7.... 8 65

Talifer, a Chinese city of 50,000 population was destroyed by earthquake, on March 19.

The extra session of the U. S. Senate, which commenced on March 4,

adjourned March 18, after having confirmed most of the nominations made by President Coolidge.

Marquis Curzon died, March 20, 1925. He collapsed on March 5 at

Cambridge, while dressing to attend a public dinner. Four days later he

underwent a serious operation, from the effects of which he did not recover.

Governor Geo. H. Dern vetoed the bill, passed by the Utah legislature,

permitting the use of schoolhouses for religious purposes, half an hour after the school hours, on the ground that the constitution of the state prohibits the use of schoolhouses for religious purposes at any time.

The first German presidential election, March 29, resulted in no election.

Jarres had 10,400,000 votes, but the other six candidates had all in all 17,393,000. The successful candidate must have a majority over all.

Ludendorff had only 337,000 votes, being the lowest on the list.

"Birth Control"was recommended by a meeting of physicians in New

York, March 29, and a resolution was passed to that effect. A telegram on

the subject was sent to President Coolidge by Mrs. Margaret Sanger, urging

him to help the cause along by forming a "federal birth rate commission."

A Hebrew university was dedicated, April 1, in Jerusalem by the Earl of Balfour in the presence, of 7,000 persons. Representatives of educational

institutions from all over the world were present. The university stands

on Mt. Scopus, at an altitude of 3,000 feet above the surrounding valleys.

The amphitheater overlooks the Mount of Olives with its many graves.

Mrs. Augusta Braddock Clayton, a pioneer of 1848, died February 13,

at the home of her daughter, Mrs. Rose R. Jackson, in Oakland, Cal., of

ailments due to old age. She was the widow of William Clayton, and came

across the plains, when a girl of 15, in one of the handcart companies of 1848. She was born in Bedfordshire, England, November 24, 1833.

Mrs. Ellen Fenn Savage, widow of the late C. R. Savage of Salt Lake

died at Santa Monica, Calif., according to advices received by her sister, Mrs.

Victoria Thurman of Salt Lake. Mrs. Savage was born in England, Nov.

14, 1843, migrated to Salt Lake City, Sept. 19, 1854, she moved to the

present site of Provo the year following, residing there the major part of her life.

Senator Reed Smoot suffered a general breakdown on March 13 at his office in Washington, and was recommended a two weeks'complete rest in bed. The attack which Senator Smoot suffered at his office, the doctors,

one of them Dr. G. Gill Richards, of Salt Lake, said was merely a symptom

of his general rundown condition. Senator Smoot attended the General

Conference of the Church, April 4-7, and appeared in good health.

Funeral services for Joshua H. Kimball, son of the late Heber C. and

Sarah Ann Whitney Kimball, who died in California, April 6, were held in Los Angeles April 8. Interment was in Inglewood cemetery. He was

born in Salt Lake City in 1864. Two years ago he went to California for

his health. He is survived by his widow and six children. Hugh M. Kimball, a son, is on his way home from Germany, where he has been on a

mission. 708 IMPROVEMENT ERA

John Brown, an early settler, now 93 years of age, died at the family home in Salt Lake City, April 10, 1925. He was born in Limsfield, Surrey,

England, 20 miles north of London. When 19 he went to London and

joined the Church in Oct. 15, 1851, being baptized at Pentonville Baths.

With his family he sailed for America, June 4, 1863, arriving in Salt Lake in October of the same year after a most arduous journey across the plains.

He helped to construct the Gardo House and the Salt Lake temple.

Richard Phillips Morn's passed away, April 2, at the Glendale sanitarium in Los Angeles. He was born in Salt Lake City, December 23, 1855,

the son of Richard Vaughan and Hannah Phillips Morris, one of the Welsh families who came to Utah from the old country in 1855. Mr. Morris was

elected city councilman from the Third precinct for two terms. For three

successive terms, he was chosen city treasurer, and in 1904 he was elected mayor of Salt Lake for one term. In the city election of 1912 Mr. Morris

was chosen for city commissioner.

Samuel E. Woolley died, Friday, April 3, 1925, at the L. D. S. hospital of complications arising from heart trouble. He was for 26 years

president of the Hawaiian mission, where he managed the sugar plantation and other interests of the Church. He was born in Salt Lake, October 22,

1859, the son of S. W. and Maria A. Woolley. He had been active since

his youth in church affairs and had spent many years as a missionary. He

was one of the leaders in the movement for the construction of the Hawaiian temple. He had made his home in Salt Lake the past three years.

The nomination of Charles R. Warren for attorney general was rejected

by the U. S. Senate, for the second time, by a vote of 46 to 39. At the

first roll call the nomination failed on a tie vote and the temporary absence of the vice president. The opponents of Mr. Warren claim that his intimate connection with big corporations disqualifies him for the office. But

the real issue seems to have been whether the senate has the constitutional right to prevent the president from selecting his own advisers. However,

President Coolidge, March 17, nominated John G. Sargent of Vermont,

attorney general, and the nomination was promptly confirmed, and thus ended the controversy.

President Rey L. Pratt of the Mexican mission was set apart as a member of the First Seven Presidents of Seventies by President A. W. Ivins on

April 7, 1925. He was chosen a member of the first council following the

death of President Seymour B. Young, Dec. 15, 1924. He was first ordained a seventy by President Rulon S. Wells of the first council, at Juarez,

Mexico, Sept. 23, 1911 and on that same day was set apart as president of

the ninetyninth quorum of seventies. President B. H. Roberts, of the

Eastern States Mission, senior president in the first council, automatically succeeded President Young as president of the council, Dec. 15, 1924. He

was first set apart a member of the First Seven Presidents of Seventies by

President Lorenzo Snow in October, 1888.

The cornerstone for the Mormon Battalion monument was laid, April 7, on the southeastern part of Capitol grounds. On account of the inclement

weather, the greater part of the program was carried out in the rotunda.

Hundreds of people were present. The Rev. John Carver of Ogden offered

the invocation. B. H. Roberts, chairman of the commission, delivered the

opening address. Mrs. May Belle T. Davis, secretary, related the history of

the movement for the monument. Mayor Clarence C. Neslen gave a description of Battalion relics. Mrs. Mary J. Clawson presented Governor Dern

with a silver trowel, and President Heber J. Grant was introduced as the

successor of Brigham Young, who called the Battalion into being. Governor

Dern laid the cornerstone and President Grant offered the dedicatory prayer.

PASSING EVENTS 709

Thomas E. Jeremy passed away at his residence in Salt Lake City

March 22, after several weeks of illness. He was known as a pioneer salt

manufacturer of Utah, and he was at one time a city councilman. He was

born in Carmarthenshire, South Wales, Dec. 1, 1839. At the age of 10,

his parents, Thomas E. and Sarah Evans Jeremy, left Wales with their

seven children in the first company of Saints to come to Utah from that land. After a seven weeks'ocean voyage they landed at New Orleans. En

route up the Mississippi river to Council Bluffs, cholera broke out. Three

of Mr. Jeremy's sisters were victims. When the Black Hawk war broke

out he volunteered and saw service in southern Utah counties. In addition

to his business and Church activities, Mr. Jeremy was a director of the

Cambrian association.

L. D. S. Missionaries were cruelly assaulted by a mob in Mexico on

Friday, March 13, 1925 at Tenango, near Amecameca, state of Mexico, according to a letter received by President Anthony W. Ivins from President

Rey L. Pratt, of the Mexican mission. Elder Leland Mortensen of Ciudad,

Juarez, an American citizen, and Elder Abdon Aragon, a native missionary, were visiting a family of Latterday Saints at Tenango. The Mexican mob

attacked the elders thinking they were representatives of a separatist who is attempting to establish a new Catholic church in the Republic of Mexico, repudiating the pope at Rome and all ecclesiastical authorities outside of the republic. The butts of rifles, knives, clubs and stones were used by the

mobbers, and the elders were beaten unconscious. They were taken to a

schoolhouse, and when they came to their senses were instructed to kiss the cross and confess. On refusal they were beaten again and left. They were

taken to the American hospital at Mexico City, and the mission authorities and governmental officials were advised of the matter. The trouble is being

investigated by the American consul at Mexico City. Three police officials

were with the mob. and offered no protection.

An unusual phenomenon was observed in the southwestern portion of the sky in Salt Lake City on Monday afternoon, April 6, shortly after the close of the general conference of the Church. It consisted of what to the

common observer appeared to be two suns, surrounded by not less than four halos, some intersecting each other and shining in all the brilliant colors 6f the rainbow, although the sky was almost cloudless. The beautiful display

was witnessed by hundreds of wondering spectators. The writer observed it

at 5:15 p. m. How long it had been in the sky then, he knows not. It

was still visible, though faint, at 5:45. The cause, says Mr. Alter, the local

weatherman, is a thin sheet of moisture, frozen to snow and ice in the high cirrus clouds. The ice prisms divide the light which is subject to reflection

from the snow sheet and refraction on its course through the atmosphere.

The result is a number of groups of concentric light circles whose diameters increase in multiples of 1, 2, 3, etc. The light is separated as it would be

when passed through an ice prism, the red being nearest the source of light.

Where the circles cross the doubling up of light causes bright spots which are called parhelia or mocksuns. Sailors call these "sun dogs."

A number of visitations in various parts of the world have been recorded lately. On March 18, portions of Missouri, Illinois and Indiana were

swept by a tornado, which destroyed a number of little towns and left over 3,000 dead or injured in its wake. The wind was so powerful at Parrish

that bodies were carried more than a mile, it was reported. At Murphysboro,

where the dead totaled 100, a school house was blown down over the heads of 245 pupils, while at Desoto late estimates placed the dead at 100 and the injured at 300, out of a total population of 703. A schoolhouse at

Desoto also was razed and only three of the 250 occupants escaped unhurt, while eightyeight bodies were taken from the ruins. In some places where

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the twisting wind struck hardest whole buildings were moved from their foundation, a grain elevator at Desoto having been carried intact some forty feet to the middle of a road. Churches and schools seemed to have suffered most. Twentysix cities and towns in five states, reported heavy loss

of life. Fire completed the destruction of large sections of many cities.

From Cape Girardeu, Missouri, to Elizabeth, Ind., with a separate tornado

over Witham, Tenn., and into central Kentucky. Principal cities affected:

Murphysboro, De Soto and West Frankfort, in Illinois and Griffin, Owensville and Princeton, in Indiana and Witham, Tenn. Heaviest loss of life

and property destruction reported in Murphysboro. The property loss is

estimated at $150,000,000. Famine and sickness, especially tetanus, add

horrors to the disaster.

In Peru, the city of Trujillo, founded by Pizarro in 1535, was swept by a destructive flood, on March 18.

On the same day, Tokio was terrified by a fire that destroyed 3,000 houses and rendered 20,000 people homeless. Our government at once

cabled to Tokio, asking whether American help was needed to care for the homeless.

At Palm Beach, Fla., the same day, the famous Breakers hotel and a

smaller hotel, together with some cottages were destroyed by fire, causing a loss of between four and five million dollars. It was reported that some

children and aged persons had perished in the flames.

Books We have received of Augusta W. Grant, Elizabeth F. Ivins, Alice K.

Smith, Ann D. Groesbeck and Susa Young Gates, a copy of Memorial to

Elizabeth Claridge McCune, written by Susa Young Gates and comprising about 120 pages, beautifully illustrated. The book contains a recital of the

life of Mrs. McCune's husband and his family history, followed by a sketch

of Mrs. McCune, missionary, philanthropist and architect, with a number

of tributes to her character and ability from her near friends. There is also

a igenealogy of both family lines with a sketch of Samuel Claridge, father of Mrs. McCune, and a well known Utah pioneer and Church worker. The

book also contains a full account of the impressive funeral services in honor of Mrs. McCune, held in the Assembly Hall, Salt Lake City, August 3, 1924.

The former residence of Mr. and Mrs. McCune in Salt Lake City, is beautifully illustrated in the booklet. This mansion was given to the Church

by Mr. and Mrs. McCune some years ago and was formerly known by the

name of, "L. D. S. School of Music,"but was changed in August, 1924, in

honor of Mr. and Mrs. A. W. McCune, to "McCune L. D. S. School of

Music and Art."The building was presented to the Church in October,

1920, including a number of valuable art works.

Lyrics of the Westland is the title of a booklet of twentyone poems by

Theodore E. Curtis, well known to the readers of the Improvement Era as a

writer of verse. The book is beautifully made up and printed and contains

some of his recently composed verses with selections from the "Pageant,

The Harvest of Truth,"and from the lyric poem, "In the Temples of the

Great Outdoors."Those fortunate enough to obtain a copy will be delighted

with the poems of this writer who is especially endowed with the ability to express musical language.

l $nnninnt tnnnnmmnffl|i

We all enjoy reading the Era very much, and the Saints as well as the elders look forward each month to its coming. Charles L. Johnson, Cardiff,

South Wales.

"Personally, I have never enjoyed the Era so much as I do now, being in the mission field. I can now appreciate the real worth of your paper."

Leland B. Sheets, conference president, Vienna, Austria.

I must state, here, that among the educational periodicals that I subscribe to, the Improvement Era is one of if not the most valuable magazine. It is, therefore, indispensable for a Latterday Saint Louis

Locher Jr., Hyland Park, Salt Lake City.

We are always pleased to have the opportunity of sending in new subscriptions for our splendid magazine, the Era, as we are interested in its welfare and desire to see its circulation increased in this mission. Its

good work cannot be overestimated. Ruton H. Tingey, mission secretary,

Auckland, New Zealand.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, MAY, 1925 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1 103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July Z, 1918,. Mclvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. Hebcr J. Grant. \ p

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Three Scenes in Provo, Utah Frontispiece

Faith, Hope and Charity. A Poem Henry C. DeWitt 619

The Riddle of the Centuries Dr. J. E. Greaves 621

Seasons Four. A Poem Dorothy C. Retsloff 630

The Heritage and Promise. Part II (V-VI) John Henry Evans 631

The Silent Battle. A Poem Irvin L. Warnock 637

The Root, the Tree, the Fruit The Root Junius F. Wells 638

The Tree Martha G. Smith 641

The Fruit George Q. Morris 642

The White Clouds. A Story Samuel Fletcher 644

The M. I. A. Slogan. A Poem S. A. Purrington 646

We Want, We Long to do the Right. A Poem M. Dewey 646

Reunited. A Story Mrs. Alice Morrill 647

Teaching as a Vocation L. John Nuttall 652

Peaks. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 65 6

"He that Would be Greatest."A Story. II Mary H. Woolsey 657

Looking Forward. A Poem A. Henderson 662

Tales of the Trails. Illustrated Joe Hickman 663

Mother and Father. Poems 666

Parson John's Dishes. A Story Marguerite Cameron 669

Moroni's Visit. A Poem Willard Bishop 672

Heroes of Science. F. S. Harris and N. 1. Butt 673 XI—Bell

Meditation. A Poem Ida R. Alldredge 675

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated 676

What They Say 686 Editors'and Mission Activities Presf. Heber J. Grant 689 Table—Church

A Correction 697 Priesthood Quorums 698 Mutual Work. Illustrated 701

Passing Events 707 Books 7 1 Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to our

readers the firms and goods found in our advertising pages.

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Agricultural College of Utah Intermountain Life Ins. Co.

Beesley Music Company Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Jensens—Jewelersl. D. S. Business College

Bennett s Stations Service Modd.. Works Uaynes Jewelry Company Storec. Salt Knitting. Knitting c.. TLake Deseret Book Company - Wm. laylor, Undertaker Deseret News -I s

Dinwoodey Furniture Co. Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

F. & G. Shade Shop Zion's Cooperative Mctle. Inst.

"Pray for what you want and work for what you pray,

That Buyer Gains Who Deals With Daynes

Our A.I.M. Is Like The M. I. A.

To Mutually Improve All While in to the June Conference pay us a visit. We have

an extensive line of jewelry ESTABLISHED and carry all the nationally known watches.

15 Jeweled Rectangular** 14 Karat, as shown, 128 MAIN ST 'Religion is the foundation of this government."—President Calvin Coolidge.

We make all kinds of window shades, at lowest city prices.

Work and quantity all guaranteed.

F. G. Shade Shop &

E. FLYGAR, Mgr.

24 RICHARDS ST. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

DINWOODEY'S The Oldest Continuous Business In Utah

The furniture, the store, the organization all are ready, and fully prepared to render its patrons a broader, more valuable service than ever. The

store is filled with the most complete and varied display of exceptional merchandise we have ever assembled. Reserved stocks crowd our warehouse to overflowing-. No matter where you live, or what your home

furnishingrequirements may be, we are pepared to serve you.

ESTABLISHED 1857 DINWOODEY'S""GOOD FURNITURB

V, HEX iVRiTlXC TO ADVERTISERS, FLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

June Contest Music "0 My Father."New setting for solo high or low voice "Mormon"hymns for your talking machine as selected and approved

by the General Church Committee.

BEESLEY MUSIC CO.

57 SO. MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

KATHLEEN KAYE and SECKATARY HAWKINS Tw new features, just added to the many good things we are now giving our readers All the news when it is news Btxtnt 5fawH SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PHONE WASATCH 550

Deduct your dvidend of 10% making the net price of $7.00 a year when paid in advance

in the 1st, 2nd and 3rd Zones

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECTION PATTERN Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United States if paid in advance, 20c, extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here in our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to us now and say you saw it in the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer weight bleached $1.49

11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white silkalene 3.40

18 All Marino wool 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

inches or over 44 in. bust, each size 20c. extra. Garments with double

backs 25c. extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

ELC CGD t.G d

If "Modified Style,"short sleeves, low neck, buttons etc., is wanted, so state

KNITTING WORKS MODELand add 25c. per suit to above prices, or regular Garment will be sent to you. CHRISTIANSON, Manager FRANKLIN

657 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 516

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THERE IS NO TOP No man or woman ever reaches his limits of progress, though many stagnate for want of effort. Are you in a rut? Are you standing by while the world

moves forward. Wake yourself. Get into day school or evening school and

do some regular study. Make ready for opportunity.

Our Summer Session Begins June 1

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE WE ARE IN SESSION ALL THE YEAR

DAY AND EVENING

Work and earn. Have a bank account. Carry life insurance.

Love Time is Ring Time That sweetheart of yours is expecting "her ring"she's all excited, wondering what kind it'll be—give her a good one—it's a good investment.

We'd like to show you how beautiful the diamonds are in the new mountings.

We have enjoyed 50 years of square dealing with the public who appreciate our "moderate prices"and "honest service."v i /

Own your home. Make a Will. Pay bills promptly. Share with others.

lHalfHundred College prorses Each anECent 28 WORLD FAMOUS EDUCATORS in this rare educational opportunity are INCLUDED courses by such celebrities as McCollum on nutrition,

Miss Wilkerson of New York on costume design and home furnishing and Miss Binzel of Columbia on child psychology and habit formation. Teachers, mothers, nurses, doctors and others

will find a rich selection of courses in the Second National Summer

School. Graduate or undergraduate courses for term of 6 weeks

or full quarter.

1st Term: June 15 to July 25 2nd Term: July 27 to Aug. 29

Tuition fee: $25 for 1st term;

$35 for quarter.

Write for Catalog.

rtjii UtahAgricultural

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Books and Your Future A few spare moments each day devoted to a well chosen book may mean all the difference to you between success and failure.

Whether you call here in person or have us serve you by mail, all the best books published are yours to choose from. Tell us what your interests are, and we will recommend books you

will like to readv and profit by reading.

Books sent by mail C. 0. D.

Deseret Book Co.

44 East on South Temple Salt Lake City

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's- Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Servise has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

of Persons Fire Is No Respecter

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BlaGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fuel in America today. Wherever yon see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

sure it is BluGreen in color—or don't accept it.

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS FREE A bag of Marbles wfth each

-pair of Boys Mountaineer Overalii Ask your dealer for them. I'HE FAMOUS Z. C M. L. FACTORY

OVERALLS MOUNTAINEER TRIPLE STITCH A strong. serviceable

Overall, for. everyday

use.

SUMMIT STRONG SKAMS Will give you wonderful service.

KANTRIP Made of high grade denim—reasonable in price—wears splendidly.

Ask your dealer for them.

Our efforts are being put forth to make this year the banner year in the history of 9/ie BIG HOME COMPANY YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont BldgSalt Lake

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Lorenzo N. Stohl, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERAV