"81**

,....:-.&&:..

I II II il'i

to****,. -———————

*> i|ft"l

% m

l * 1L.A

Jhi TLaiwtbL C*p&>L SEE PAGE 66

FEBRUARY, 1939

% SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH—JCK!!'S9 nil jHUi >ai| m HW B|h >

Hauling Costs Cutting Partner in Your

and g.v y requ.re.nent hauling farm an International to lit your job exactly... at per truck dollar: value greatest

One lookat anlnte, Whether you need hgh A!wtSw-* P*J? w

for longdistance hauling to marker, there.

to gi owp-... all designed h shucks cosr. operat.ng at low in performance heU Ask the International dealer or Company- P!

owned branch for a demonstration.

spec/a! dn'''IZTLd 2 /evefor.uceM 180 Noilh Michigan Avenue... Chicago, Illmow

INTERNATIONAL TRUCKS By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Iolasses for binding road surfaces is *""being used successfully in India.

The molasses is treated with acids to resinify with coal tar and asphalt, giving a substance insoluble in water which later becomes solid.

IIayatype objects have been found *"in Oklahoma mounds, showing either a connection or trade with the

Maya Indians of Southern Mexico and

Central America. Many objects just

like those found in the Hopewell mound in Ohio were also uncovered. Maya

patterns were drawn on conch shells, pottery, and flints, as well as such patterns, like those of Maya art, of men paddling in a canoe and men conducting a religious ceremony.

> "Great day, Zeke,"he says, "Oelief to sufferers from arthritis has "reported been Otto Steinby Dr.

Hospital, Bellevuebrocker of New "he's aputtin'ile in her!"

cure, not paCity. aYork Though I've read about these mountaineers—but I nevertients pain freed and from may be

helped to return to normal lives by insaw any till the other day. Four of 'em pulled into

jections local painre- of procaine, a It is my place in the worst old jalopy you ever saw.lieving cocaine. similar to agent

injected either into the painful areas They wanted a gallon of gas an'I gave it to 'em.

the alongsideor into nerves spine. If Then I went into my talk about Golden Shell Oil. early, deformities is startedtreatment

can be prevented by helping to get back All four of 'em just sat there an'looked at me normal use of limbs. kind of suspicious while I talked. Didn't move a

except when they shifted their chaw."Prom coal, air, and water a new synmuscle—

thetic fiber material called "nylon"I explained how Golden Shell Oil was made for promiseshas which been developed to stop an'go—how it went to work instantly and industrially important and commerbe

cially. Similar to artificial silks, though prevented engine parts from rubbin'together dry.

it does not use cellulose, it is stronger I told 'em it only cost 25 a quart an'was the best silk. It hasthan recovery an elastic It is oil buy on the market. Then I asked 'em if they'd stretching to silk. superiorfrom

expected to rival natural silk—of which like to try some.

half S. the uses world's over U. around so I went 'em nod one of I saw I thought

its last hosiery. stronghold,thesupply—in if thing whole the hood. Darned lifted the fiber takesSince also the and common new

dyes easily, it is predicted that sheer, didn't come off!

twothread hosiery can be made which have the wearing properties of the fourWhile I'm putting the oil in, one of 'em climbs thread, service weight. Since the size out an'stands there starin'.

of the fiber can be controlled, other uses may be: for brush bristles, racquet All of a sudden he pipes up. "Great day in the

strings, fishing lines, velvets, woven mornin', Zeke,"he drawls, "now I remember what dress goods, and knitted and woven

Gran'pappy told us. That there hole in the engineunderwear.

is for ile!"

this afraid, or the angry clankin'"VVThen human I hear by motors of the some From in pitch goes vv voice as well up that's one the only ain't ol'Daniel Boone as place, inincreasing the State volume. UniAt

versity of Iowa it was found that in forgot what oil is for. Holy Smokes! How many

rage or fear the voice goes up a full bets for Golden Shell have I been missin*?

octave above the pitch level for indifference, contempt, or grief, which are Sincerely, about low C.

/Contrary to popular opinion, cutting

V* or shaving hair does not make itgrow faster or thicker. ftW-

(Concluded on page 67) (Do QfoiL JtiwwWhat recent surveys indicate confinancial comparative the Era cerning /Mmprouement tithof condition those who pay 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"72 Page ing?

What theories are extant concernearth of the the ing formation Grant, Heber J. 1939 FEBRUARY, the world the of thought and how Widtsoe, A. 2 John 42 NUMBER VOLUME subject?.... has on this changed Editors

Richard L. Evans, Page 73

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor In what European national gallery of art a picture there of hangs Marba C. Josephson, OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE

?.. early missionary an Mormon Associate Editor DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD George Q. Morris, General Mgr. Page 75

Cannon, Associate Lucy G. AGENCIES TEACHERS, OF THE CHURCH OTHER AND attitude of the Brigham Mgr. What Orton, Business Mgr. K. SAINTS. J. LATTERDAY OF JESUS CHRIST OF transconwas toward the Young

tinental railroad as told by an early railroad surveyor? Page 77

has held meetlong the Church Capital, JoblsL jrfjL ConbunLtL Howings in the Nation's who held the first meetings, and where 78 were held? they Page Jhsb dii&iiu (paqsL

early of type influences come What

A Testimony of Jesus the Christ and His Divinity into the lives of nearly all sucHeber J. Grant 71 cessful men? Page 82

How Martin Luther was transform- (fhtLhdv J'SucdbuMA* edmedievalfrom achurchfaithfultovotarya Protestorof the

Reformer? Page 84 and Evidences and Reconciliations—VII and VIII are receivpeople the Japanese John A, Widtsoe 72 How the Christ ing Gospel of Jesus

Priesthood and Ministry George F, Richards 74 in lands in which they have freeThe Church in the Nation's Capital.. Edgar B. Brossard 78 dom of thought? Page 88

The Japanese Mission in Action John A. Widtsoe 88 In what European nation Mormon

Mormon Missionaries on Sweden's Television Screen onmissionariesthe televisionhavescreen?been presented. Page 90

Gustive O. Larson 90 Among what people the Church has

The "Old Boys"of the M. A. C. Wilford E. Smith 91 operated an agricultural college?

Harker's Island John Robert Buswell 92 Page 91

Island Harker's what Where is and Ill Gratitude, of Adults FrankMemorials its significance is in HisChurch 1 lin 68 Murdock tory? 92 Page 97 ChurchJ. Moves The On GleanersM MenGleaners 1112 Tolstoi's interest in the Count What 100 Explorers 113 Aviation Alcohol and

Priesthood: Juniors 1 13 Mormons was? Page 94

Melchizedek 102 BeeHive Girls 113 What new series of cooking schools

Aaronic 106 Field Photos 112, 113, 114 have been arranged for girls and

Ward Teaching 109 Fairview's Amateur Parade..ll5 women in the Salt Lake region?

Page 99 108 Effective Genealogical Page Librarianship, Auis being in billboard addone 115 What Messages: Mutual relia Bennion

vertising antito help the Church Executive 110 liquortobacco campaign?. Page 102

What Aaronic Priesthood quorums have received Standard Quorum Awards? 106 Page 77 Rails David H, Came West Mann When the

Where ice fishing is an important 82 Lincoln...Thomas Mentor Malone and Graham J. activity? 116 Page The Protestors of Christendom—Part XI—Martin Luther How Era indexes may be obtained?

James L. Barker 84 Page 128

Count Tolstoi and the "American Religion"....Thomas J. Yates 94

Exploring the Universe, FrankAmerica's Ten Leading Women 99 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

lin S. Harris, Jr 65 On the Book Rack 101 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Fishing, Myself Homing: 98 Ice James Montagnes..ll6

Cooking Index Schools Being ConTo Advertisers 121 CopyrightImprovement1939,Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualof the ducted 99 Your Page and Ours 128 Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.00

Entered Office, Salt at the Post Lake City, matter.fcdii&dolA. aUtah,year, in advance; 20c Single Copy. as secondclass Acceptance

at special mailing rate of postage provided Loyalty: What It Is—and What It Is Not John A, Widtsoe 96 for for in section of 1103, October, Act

The Foyer of Life Marba C. Josephson 96 authorized July 2, 1918. 1917,

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

The Crowd Cheers Alvin J. Schow 76 by sufficientNATIONALpostage forADVERTISINGdelivery and return. The Native Blood—Chapter IV Albert R. Lyman 80 REPRESENTATIVES

Test Case E. Mark Phillips 86 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Frontispiece: Sing High, My Adventure, Huntington Mack.... 98 Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

Heart, Kathrya Kendall 70 Remembrance, Hazel Daugherty 98 George T. Hopewell & Co., New York

Poetry Page 95 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....126 E. }. Powers & Co., Chicago

JhsL Qdv&X. Hil.MEMBERF. Best,OFDetroitTHE AUDIT BUREAU OF

"Cebruary is a month in which our patriotic blood seems to course faster, and we CIRCULATIONS *- look to the Nation's Capital with thanksgiving for all of the human liberties that that, guarantees to and with a determinationAmerica power as we have make it so, A MAGAZINE FOR EVERYthose of fundamentals photographic the American winter system shall be preserved. The

study is by Lionel Green. (See also page 78.) MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

mmTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

T JillBilly humor may disappear, according to Dr. Henry Borsook,

( Concluded from page 65 when more vitamin B is used in the

TPhe tenth and eleventh moons of the Southern diet, helping to prevent and

A planet Jupiter were discovered in cure pellagra. Pellagra when of long

1938. standing causes insanity. Our hillbill-

ies are chronic pellagrins whose jokes

A clutchless automobile has been are really jokes of persons verging on * designed and demonstrated by insanity. Loss of hillbilly humor will

Professor F. C. Lea of Sheffield Uninot be regretted when 400,000 cases

versity, England. The car uses a of pellagra annually in the South and

"torque converter"to transmit power the population of our mental hospitals from engine to wheels. The engine opis reduced 10 per cent through the cure

erates a centrifugal oil pump, whose of pellagra.

speed is controlled by the accelerator, which then varies the amount of oil de- '"Pwo important aids to safety in fly-:

livered to a turbine attached to the ing have been recently introduced:

drive shaft. Curiously, clutchless autoOne is a practical "absolute"altimeter

mobiles are not new; they were used which gives the height over the ground

obstacles underneath instead of in England about two decades ago. or

1 sealevel. above instrument The other

is the automatic direction finder, which makes possible rapid and accurate finding of the plane's position while flying blind. 4 HERE'S WHY TO Pan the homing ability of pigeons be altered? Radio engineers have

to radio posed frequencies placing byOILPLATE NOW found that if homing pigeons are exstrong them in coils a large field of the

Listen to Your Mileage Merchant. of a radio frequency oscillator, or exHis Conoco Germ Processed oil posed to the radio waves at a transgives your engine oilplating. mitting station, it takes longer for the

Due only to the Germ Process, pigeons to return home. One test found

oilplating fastens direct to work- t Tow fast can a boxer hit? A 195 lb. that it took about 29 minutes for piging parts, close as any plating... boxer's swing was found in the eons thus treated to 26 for ordinary

nondetachable... proof against laboratory to be 40 miles an hour. pigeons to go 26 miles.

draining down after your engine stops. Then any time you touch

the starter, there's no wait for oil from the crankcase—no grinding

delay. Your oilplated engine is always ready to slide into easy She sees

action. Starter speeds. Battery

rests. You drive right off under

oilplating. of guard Warmup better living ahead

is gone because oilplating wear is never gone. And 9 times in 10

your gaugestick reports, "Still full of Germ Processed oil."

...because she's looking at

CONOCO GERM NEW, MODERN APPLIANCES QASPROCESSED OIL

And that's what you will see too, when you come in to look at the new 1939 gas ranges, refrigerators and waterheaters.

... better living for your entire household! A more attractive

kitchen... for the new gas ranges and refrigerators are

finest requires career training theYour able. training the obtaindistinguished by unsurpassed beauty of design and finish. business largest Woodbury,

institution offers scientifically in America, to start diNew efficiency of today's gas appliances means greater rected training graduates which enables salaries at higher quicker advanceand win

Administration, in Business ment. Courses Aceconomy—savings for you every day. Come in and see

Secretarial counting, Science, Trade, Foreign

Journalism, Merchandising, Movie and Radio the beautiful new models—and ask about convenient terms--

Secretarial, in years. Bachelor with Degree two

Shorter Commercial Courses; also Commercial

Art, Costume Design, Interior Decoration, Home

Economics. Athletics, Social Activities. Deseret

students. studentClub for Supervised Mormon

filled than 1,500 positionshomes. annu- A More

ally. Parttime work provided. Free catalog. State course desired. MOUNTAIN FUELfUPPLY COMPANY

36 South State Serving twentyone

Salt Lake City Utah Communities. 1023WOODBURYWILSHIRE BLVD. LOSCOLLEGEANGELES.CALIF.

STUDENT WELFARE GOMES FIRST! VflmwuolA, jd

Mrs. Dora La Hie Baker and her daughter, Reva, formerly oi Blackfoot, Idaho, attended the L. D. S. Business College recently, specializing in stenography and general office work. hotitudsL

Both now have excellent positions!

In a letter to President J. MURDOCK F.BakerY. By FRANKLIN Fox, Mrs.

"I says: am gratePresident of the Netherlands Mission friendthe ful that

ly doors of the College opened to me.

There seems to be a spirit here that is different from that in any other school.. - -

Dora La Rie Baker

... I feel that the

influence will remain with the students throughout their lives."

You, too, will enjoy attending this school. Reva Baker

HThe De Witt Historical Society of their lives in the cause of Truth. Their

sleep in the soil of Groningen, * Ithaca, County, Tompkins New bodies seek out the successors while their a beauin the year 1 909, erected L. D. S. Business College York,

Salt 70 North Main forth in heart the honest carry and Lake City tiful the city of Leeuplaque in bronze your business career Begin NOW! graves of the Church. The great work in of appreciation Friesland, warden,

the first vote that was taken by the of these two missionaries are Church

Republic of the United Netherlands, property today and signify lasting mewhich led to the recognition of the morials of gratitude for the cause of independence of the United States of righteousness.

America in 1782. To all American citiThe Church is building today in the

zens who visit Leeuwarden and see this cities of the North, and elsewhere, meMemorial of Gratitude there comes a morials in the lives of its members, that feeling of respect and thanksgiving for eventually will bring blessings of joy this recognition sounded more than a and gratitude to all who are willing to century and a half ago. accept and live the truth. (See also

The Church of Jesus Christ of LatMutual Messages, page 110, for acter-day Saints, in the year 1861, sent tivity report from the Netherlands two missionaries to the Netherlands to Mission.)

preach the Gospel and organize missionary work. Those first missionaries,

through their clean lives, were living AGRAVESPRAYEROF WASELDERSRECENTLYGOULDHELDAND AROUNDWELKER THEBY memorials of that which the Church THE MISSIONARIES OF THE GRONINGEN taught. For seventyseven years the DISTRICT.

Church has been sending missionaries V. ReadingEssen, Erwinfrom leftSchick,to right:James Blake,E. Oosterhuis,Sister ClaireArie

to the Netherlands. In the year 1906, Murdock, Bert D. Isaac, Elmo Buchanen, Joseph

Z. OoosterFranklin Murdock, J. President missionaries, namely, Abraham two

Pernella Clayton, Jorgensen, Huis, Paul Orme NEWM. H. THOMPSONGRAND H. Welker, and Melvin Gould Kest, Limburg, Robert J. John R. M. gaveJ. Brewerton,Berghout, Manager

Tame. AT FOURTH SOUTHHOTELAND MAIN STREET

BE INDEPENDENT No Other Vocation So Profitable >

ENROLL NOW For a Complete Course at the

Quisii School of Beauty Culture

The Best in the West 336340 S. Main, American Bldg.,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH For Further Information or Catalog Call Wasatch 7560 or Fill in This Coupon '{Stfm!

MOUNT CUMORAH

A BEAUTIFUL, EXCLUSIVE CEMETERY

WILL SOON BE OPEN FOR LATTERDAY

SAINTS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

C/JLcting upon petitions signed by hundreds of Latterday Saints residing in

Southern California, the officials of Rose Hills

Memorial Park have set apart a lovely hill site LATTERDAY SAINTS DIVISION OF ROSE for the exclusive use of Mormon families. HILLS MEMORIAL PARK, WORKMAN

MILL ROAD, WHITTIER, CALIFORNIA

The site was selected by a committee of L. D.

S. Church members after a thorough investiMount Cumorah Division is not a small burgation of many locations. Sloping eastward ial plot—but a separate unit completely set

perpetually secluded apart from other lawns. The site contains endowed—purposely

Mount Cumorah is easily accessible from all approximately fifteen acres which will be parts of metropolitan Los Angeles. Although progressively developed. Until the formal

development is now in progress, with a comopening, choice plots are available at prede- pletion date set for late spring, more than velopment prices. We urge you to inves650 graves have already been purchased. tigate this exceptional opportunity at once.

Call or write the Representative at Rose Hills Memorial Park.

WORKMAN MILL ROAD CEMETERy Near Whittier MAUSOLEUM Telephone Whittier 42037 COLUMBARIUM

E ORIflL PHRK 69 Siiu <HiqlrL,WM. diewdi

ING high, my heart, sing high S Your winging valiant dreams;

Sing them to the mountaintops And to the chanting streams.

ING high, my heart, sing high s

Into the starwinged night;

Sing on and on till darkness fades

Upon the breath of light.

high, my heart, sing high s ING Through this and other dawns;

Sing high until eternity Will hear and claim your songs.

KATHRYA KENDALL

Photo by feano Orlando.

UIib EDITOR'S PAGE (L JsidJtimmu o@Qqajua. thsL

Qfod&L and. dtiA. (Divinity.

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

little over fiftyeight years ago I was called of Zion. Stake Tooele the over to preside Lamb, worshiping throne, God, his and the who worbefore

I Apostleto the called later years was Two ever. forever ship and him A been it has fiftyeight years this been have testimonies after which the during now, many ship, and And

one of the joys of my life to bear witness of the given of him, that is the testimony, last of all, which we lives! of he him: That and Savior; give Christ, Lord our of Jesus mission divine of right God; hand him, and we even on the For saw we the opportunity to I have delighted therefore am and is the Begotten that record Only he bearing the voice heard

to send my message of love and blessing and to of the Father are him, the worlds of him, and through him, and the of That mission by divine to the testimony bear my are thereof begotten inhabitants the created, and and were Saints Latterday to the the world of Savior 76:1924. Sec. Cov., daughters and unto sons and God.—Doc.

... all others to and the world, throughout

I quote from the eleventh chapter of Third Ne- I now read from section 1 10 of the Doctrine and phi in the Book of Mormon: Covenants the testimony of Joseph Smith and

And behold, the third time they did understand the voice Oliver Cowdery:

them: said unto heard; and it they which taken from our minds, and the eyes of our The veil was

in Son, Beloved whom Behold my opened. I am well pleased, in understanding were

ye him. of the whom the breastwork standing the upon name—hear Lord We saw

they understood And I ithavecameglorifiedto pass,myas feet of us; they cast their pulpit, a paved work before was under his and

eyes up again towards heaven; and behold, they saw a Man pure gold, in color like amber.

descending out of heaven; and he was clothed in a white... and his voice was as the sound of the rushing of

robe; and he came down and stood in the midst of them; and great waters, even the voice of Jehovah, saying:

the eyes of the whole multitude were turned upon him, and I am the first and the last; I am he who liveth; I am he

another, to one their even mouths, durst open not they was slain; and who I am your advocate with the Father.—Doc.

it angel that it an for they thought was meant, wist not what Sec. 110:1-4. and Cov.,

had appeared unto them.

And it came to pass that he stretched forth his hand and It has been one of the joys of my life, because of saying: people, the unto spake the knowledge which

I Christ, Behold, Jesus whom the prophets testified shall am Savior, to of the bear I myhavetestimonyof the divinein England,mission world. the into come

And behold, I am the light and the life of the world; and Ireland, Scotland, Wales, Germany, France, Bel-

I have drunk out of that bitter cup which the Father hath gium, Holland, Switzerland, Italy, Norway, Swein glorified taking upon the Father given have me, and me den, Denmark, Czechoslovakia, Canada, Mexico, the will suffered I have in the which world, the sins the of of the Father in all things from the beginning. in most of the states of the Union, in faroff Japan,

And it came to pass that when Jesus had spoken these and in the Hawaiian Islands, and to lift up my words the whole multitude fell to the earth; for they revoice declaring that our Heavenly Father and His

them prophesied that among been it had membered that beloved Son have again spoken from the heavens his ascension himself unto them after Christ should show into heaven. and that God introduced His Son to Joseph Smith

And it came to pass that the Lord spake unto them saying and instructed him to hear His Son, and the Savior

Arise and come forth unto me, that ye may thrust your promised Joseph Smith that he should be the instrufeel prints the side, that also into ye and hands may my establishing of of again in the of ment hands God feet, that that nails in in the hands ye know and may my my of the earth. Christ Jesus the Church upon earth, I Israel, of the the and whole the of and God God am

have been slain for the sins of the world.—III Nephi 11:6-14. I have rejoiced exceedingly in being able to say

is the Father that I desire to read the testimony of Joseph Smith thatof JesusI knowChristthat Godand livesthat andI alsothatknowHe and Sidney Rigdon, from section 76 of the DocChrist is the Son of the living God and theJesusRetrine and Covenants: deemer of mankind, and that I also know that

And this is the gospel, the glad tidings, which the voice Joseph Smith was the instrument in the hands of record us of the unto bore heavens out the world, Jesus, to be crucified the Lord in restoring again the everlasting Gospel. even he That came into

for the world, and to bear the sins of the world, and to I appeal to all members of the Church who possess sanctify the world, and to cleanse it from all unrighteousness; this same testimony which I have so to live that

That through him all might be saved whom the Father had all men, seeing their good deeds, shall be inspired put into his power and made by him.—Doc. and Cov., Sec. to investigate the Gospel of our Redeemer. To 76:4042.

know beyond a shadow of a doubt that He is my

And while we meditated upon these things, the Lord touched Redeemer fills my heart with gratitude unspeakable.

the eyes of our understandings and they were opened, and May God's choicest blessings abide with the honest of the about. round glory the Lord shone the world over is my sincere prayer, in the name the the beheld glory of Son, on the right hand of we And the Father, and received of his fulness; of Jesus Christ. Amen.—From the President's

And saw the holy angels, and them who are sanctified 1938 Christmas Radio Message.

Evidences and reconciliations

vu. blessings of heaven shall be tasted by them on earth.

(Doc. and Cov. 105:18.)

Obedience to the law of tithing is certain to bring blessings in return, even of a temporal charxmi&sL jc0fwmic. (Dl&Jjlq&a.? acter. Yet, it must ever be remembered that the

blessings of life come according to the Lord's will.

**"V[o,"would be the unanimous and emphatic Material property may not be the blessing we most answer of those who have obeyed the law of need. If we can trust the Lord enough to pay Him

tithing. Indeed, the question is usually asked by a tenth of our increase, we must trust Him to bless

nontithepayers who seek to find weaknesses in the us according to our needs. Material, earthly propChurch. erty does not have the same value before God as

When mortal man places onetenth of his income before man. Love of property is often nothing

in the treasury of the Lord, he acknowledges by more than covetousness, which is a deadly sin.

that act that all his earthly income is a gift from "What is property unto me? saith the Lord."(Doc.

the Lord, the real Owner and Master of Earth. and Cov. 1 17:4.) Let man do his best to provide

The giving of tithing becomes then an evidence of for himself and his family, gather property around the man's faith in God and of the man's conquest of him, pay his tithing, obey all other laws of God, his selfish self. This is the essence of the law of and accept, with joy, such blessings as the Lord

tithing. may vouchsafe him.

The law of tithing is on a par, in every respect, Now, after all this has been said, it is interesting with every other commandment of the Lord. Obeto note that the very great majority of tithepayers,

dience to His commandments is required by the perhaps all, succeed in finding sufficient for their

Lord. "For this cause I have sent you—that you temporal welfare. The group of tithepayers within

might be obedient."(Doc. and Cov. 58:6.) In the Church are not only more spiritually active,

fact, disobedience is an offense to the Lord. "In but generally they are more prosperous than the

nothing doth man offend God, or against none is nontithepaying group. Tithing is not a factor

his wrath kindled, save those who confess not his that works against economic prosperity. In most

hand in all things, and obey not his commandcases material as well as spiritual blessings follow ments."(Doc. and Cov. 59:21.) obedience to the law of tithing.

The great purpose of life is to develop such conThis view is confirmed by a recent investigation quest over self that obedience may be willingly, by a nonMormon agency. A governmental bank,

easily, and gladly yielded to every commandment having loaned very large sums to Utah farmers, issuing from the mouth of the Lord. Commandmostly Latterday Saints, and noting an abnorments then become means by which a man's spirmally high percentage of delinquency, wondered if

itual condition may be determined. Every person the practice of tithepaying were reducing the abilmay be, in a sense, the judge of his own spiritual ity of the farmers to make proper repayments. The

progress, for he knows how readily he yields obeassistance of the Utah State Agricultural College dience to the laws of the Lord. The commandwas secured in carrying on the investigation. The

ments of first value are those which demand most Church gave full cooperation.

unselfish action; that lead, if obeyed, to the greatest The first study was made in Utah County, Utah.

selfconquest. Four hundred and eightyfive names were submitTithing is a law of special value for this purpose. ted by the bank and college. Of these, seventyone

Man naturally is slow to part with his worldly could not be found on the records of the Church.

goods. Too often spiritual wealth is overshadowed Of the remaining four hundred and fourteen perby material possessions. If he can so master himsons, seventyeight had no indebtedness, two hunself as to part with a tenth of his earthly income, dred and twentynine had loans, but were nonhe has won victory over one of the most stubborn delinquent, and one hundred and seven were delinphases of his nature. quent.

While selfconquest may be the chief result of The percentage of total tithepayers was about man's obedience to law, other blessings follow. the same in the three groups, but the proportion of

Man gives little; the Lord gives much in return even full tithepayers among the delinquent group was

here on earth. Those who are obedient to law only a little more than half of the full tithepayers

will gain knowledge and intelligence. They may in the nondelinquent and nodebt classes. The

escape the scourges and afflictions of the world total amount paid in tithing per person in the delin- ( Doc. and Cov. 97:2528 ); health, endurance, wisquent group was only about threefourths of that

dom, and hidden treasures of knowledge shall be paid by the nondelinquent and nodebt groups.

theirs. ( Doc. and Cov. 89:1 8-2 1. ) The joys and Examined from every angle, the investigation

showed that tithing had no depressing economic And behold, the glory of the Lord was upon Moses, so that the in presence talked of stood with God, him and Moses influence, in qualities that rather that the but a man face. to the said unto Moses: For mine Lord And God

tithing, also led him to enabled to him pay things. these purpose have Here and I made is wisdom win ownface

more success in his economic life. it remaineth in me.

It should be added that two of the four hunAnd by the word of my power, have I created them, which is is full truth. Begotten Son, mine of grace and Only who listed eightyfive three farmers dred miskept and

I also I created; without worlds have and number And

sionaries in in the field, two and these were men for created the purpose; mine them and by Son own

the nondelinquent group and paid a full tithing. created them, which is mine Only Begotten. I

Neither tithing nor missionary costs seemed to have And the first man of all men have I called Adam, which many. effect depressing of is a welfare the economic upon

this earth, only of the But account inhabitants an and the farmers. of amassing beyond The gift money thereof, give behold, you. there I unto are worlds For many

ordinary needs is much like any other special gift that have passed away by the word of my power. And there

such as in music, art, education, etc. are many that now stand, and innumerable are they unto

Another, smaller investigation was conducted man;and I butknowallthem.things (Mosesare numbered1: 2735.)unto me, for they are mineby the same agencies in Cache County, Utah. In

the section studied one hundred ninety farmers Further, Latterday Saints believe that the Lord were owing money to the bank. Thirtythree of formed or organized the earth from existing unithem were delinquent and these had farms of equal versal materials. That it is impossible to create

size and productive power with the nondelinquent something from nothing is a spiritual as well as a farmers. The Church records showed that of scientific axiom. It is an established doctrine of the

these thirtythree delinquents, eighteen paid no Church that the ultimate elements which constitute tithing, eight paid part tithing, and seven paid a the universe are eternal, indestructible, everlasting.

full tithing. The investigator calculated that in one Whether these ultimate realities be, in the language

of the prosperous villages in the Cache County of presentday science, molecules, atoms, electrons, study about 1 1 per cent of the farmers are delinor pure energy is of little concern. Whatever is

is eternal. Matter as we know quent in their bank payments, and these 1 1 % pay the ultimate reality

2% of the tithing in the village. It seemed clear it, and which forms the earth, is made from eternal

therefore that in this as in the Utah County area, elements. In that sense the formation of the earth

tithing is a very unimportant factor in the delinwas an organization rather than a creation. ( See

quency problem. Here also it seems evident that Doctrine and Covenants, 93:33; Moses 1:38.)

the man who pays tithing has power to do the Just what forces were brought into operation, things that bring reasonable economic prosperity. or what process was used, to organize the "eleAs far as available experience can guide us, the ments"into an earth is not known. Latterday

answer to the question at the head of this writing Saints are inclined to hold that forces about us, is, "No."The payment of tithing does not cause known in part through common human experience,

economic distress. A host of testimonies might be especially in the field of physical science, were emsecured of the joy in life that follows obedience ployed in the formation of the earth. The progress

science may yet shed much light on the originto this important law of the A. W. of Lord.—/. earth. of the

via. During human history numerous mystical and mythical ideas have been advanced concerning the

origin of the earth. These may be ignored. Durdiow duct JtPuL wdJv comsL ing the course of science, three main theories have

been set up to explain how the earth came into iniobsdru}.? being.

'T'he earth came into being by the will and power First came the nebular hypothesis, elaborated of God. Upon that proposition the accepted upon the suggestions of others by the famous

scriptures of the Church and their authoritative French mathematician and physicist, Laplace, interpretations agree. Chance is ruled out. Latternearly one hundred and fifty years ago. This

day Saints believe that the earth and the heavens assumes that the sun was formed from the conand the manifold operations within the universe densation of a nebula, a gaseous body. As the

are products of intelligent action, of the mind of gaseous, rotating sun contracted, gaseous rings

God. There is nothing haphazard about the uniwould be thrown off from the sun, much as drops

verse in which we live. ( See Genesis 1:1; Moses of water fly off a grindstone. Each such ring

2:1 j Abraham 4:1; Doc. and Cov. 93:9.) would become a planet revolving around the sun.

This doctrine is set forth in eloquent words in One such ring of gas after gradual cooling and modern revelation. contraction became the earth. This hypothesis was

And it came to pass, as the voice was still speaking, universally acclaimed; those who would not accept

Moses cast his eyes and beheld the earth, yea, even all of it; it were long looked upon as "unscientific."Yet,

there a particle notand behold, was he did not of it which relentless disthe to growth of knowledge seemed show it Spiritcerning of the God. by

it the erroneous, nebular hypothesis has and now the also inhabitants thereof, beheld he and there was And not a soul which he beheld not; and he discerned them by long been discarded. (See Stars and Planets,

the Spirit of God; and their numbers were great, even D. H. Menzel.)

numberless as the sand upon the sea shore. The planetesimal theory followed. This was

beheld he land lands; and each many And was called proposed by the eminent geologists, Chamberlain earth, there inhabitants thereof. and the face were on

And it came to pass that Moses called upon God, saying: and Moulton of the University of Chicago. A star

Tell me, I pray thee, why these things are so, and by what might have come so near the sun as to cause trethou madest them? (Concluded on page 124)

are held in connection with the

Priesthood. When we magnify PRIESTHOOD those positions or callings which we

hold in the ministry, we are magnifying the Priesthood; and when we

fail to magnify those positions we fail to magnify the Priesthood. If

we are not living good Christian lives, we are not magnifying the MINISTRY Priesthood we hold. When we willingly, without reasonable excuse or

BY cause, absent ourselves from meetings of quorums to which we belong

ELDER GEORGE F. RICHARDS we are failing to magnify the PriestOf the Council of the Twelve hood.

One big aim in Priesthood work is to prepare a ministry of the Church 'he Lord cannot use in His ministry any which will be more faithful, more person who is unwilling to be used. efficient, and more acceptable to the

Lord; a Priesthood and ministry

which will best aid in the accompriesthoods, are, in the church, two There of and the Lord's plishment work

Aaronic,namely, the Melchizedek and to the earth, in looking the inpurposes Priesthood. Levitical thecluding

Why the first is called the Melchizedek saving of the souls of men.

is because MelchizedekPriesthood was to striving cease not We should priest. highsuch a great the ministry of the present improve

called his the Before day Holy it was in mind should bear Church; and we thePriesthood, after Order of the of Son

God. the fact that our boys and girls conBut out of respect or reverence to the stitute, in large measure, the future

the of the Being, to avoidname Supreme ministry of the Church, and that we repetition the they,too frequent of his name, church, in ancient days, called that priestof the present ministry are responsihood after Melchizedek, or the Melchizedek ble for their making. In view of

Priesthood. present and improved opportunities,

offices authorities All other or in the it will be a disappointment if there this priesthood. to are appendageschurch

Doctrine and Covenants 107:1,5. be not a constant and continuous improvement in the ministerial work

of the Church.

sufpeople; welltaught are a We salvation, toALLareordinances of the Gospel necessary if as ficiently that were so to do we

ordinances are and no salvation our as adminGEORGE F. RICHARDS well know, own we

istered without the Priesthood. would be assured, and the ministry

There is no salvation therefore but growing out of the Priesthood, of the of the Church would be much more by the Priesthood. A man cannot necessity of magnifying the Priestpotent than it is at present. The acattain to highest exaltation without hood we hold, of faithfully performcomplishment of these ends depends

his holding the Priesthood. A ing our religious duties; to give offiupon both individual and quorum

woman may not be exalted without cers in the Church to understand efforts. Perhaps more than anything

being the sealed wife of a man who what is 'expected of them and how else we have need of being impressholds the Priesthood. "The man is best to accomplish their work; to ed with the necessity of doing as

not without the woman, neither the consider ways and means of vitalwell as we know. That which we

woman without the man in the Lord."izing the Priesthood quorums and know to be right we should do, and

Wives and mothers, who love their members, of improving the ministry leave undone the things we know we husbands and sons and desire their of the Church; to discover how ought not to do. To those who are

salvation, should remember that it others succeed, that we may, by desirous of living their religion and can come to them only througli their adopting their methods, succeed also. of magnifying their callings in the

holding and magnifying the PriestThe ministry of the Church furnPriesthood and ministry of the hood. Wives and mothers therefore ishes a field of activity for PriestChurch, a mere reminder of their

should encourage their husbands and hood, and for such activity was the duties and what is expected of them sons to faithfulness in magnifying Priesthood given. The oath and in the Church should be all that is

the Priesthood. covenant of the Priesthood contemnecessary.

The Twelve Apostles have been plate those who receive the PriestSometimes the asking of a quesappointed to give proper supervision hood magnifying the same, with a tion in our Priesthood program will to the Priesthood. They outline promise that all that the Father hath suggest in no uncertain terms what

courses of study for the Priesthood shall be given unto them. If it so is expected in the way of accomquorums of the Church. They probe that any of us who have received plishment and should be regarded

vide Priesthood conferences that the the Priesthood fail to magnify the as an item of instruction. When

work for the Priesthood may be same and thus forfeit our claim to the quorum presidents are asked properly presented to the Priesthood all that the Father hath, it will be what percent of accomplishment has of the Church, and that there may be most unfortunate for us. been attained in any activity asproper emphasis on the importance Most of the important positions signed to their quorums, the question

of the Priesthood and the offices we hold in the ministry of the Church implies that 100% is desired. When

This picture of a Mormon missionary hangs in the State Museum of Art, Copenhagen.

Denmark.

THE MUSEUM CATALOGUE

DESCRIPTION READS: 'TWO

MORMONS DURING THEIR JOURNEYINGS HAVE COME INTO A LOG HOUSE IN THE

COUNTRY WHERE THROUGH PREACHING AND SHOWING SOME OF THEIR SECT'S WRITINGS THEY SEEK TO WIN NEW

ADHERENTS."PAINTED IN

1S56, THE PICTURE WAS A GIFT FROM THE SOCIETY OF NORTHERN ART IN 1871. THE

ARTIST WAS CHRISTEN DALSGAARD WHO LIVED FROM 1824 TO 1907.

quorum presidents know what is temperate in all things, whatsoever is anything in which we need humble desired and expected of them, they shall be entrusted to his care."dependence on God in order to sucshould marshal their forces and (Doc. and Cov. 12:8.) We may ceed it is in this work of His minstrive fully to meet those expectacongratulate ourselves on having istry. The Lord cannot use in His

tions. been enlisted as a part of His minministry a person who is unwilling

in such being engaged on to and be used. all acistry, the ask: might One Why

r glorious cause. a great and the Prophet Joseph from Quoting How aptivity in today? the Church An

is this offers appreciate honor or a blessing much we God "When salbe: the propriate would answer

give devotion the refuses manifested to a he man, by and we knowledge it. upon depends of vation The man

it, to will the work. receive to damned, he be servwith in His conversation Lord,

) calls 279. page The ( Compendium, this expresof use ant Moses, made in righteous cause SUCCEED any HPo inin are the us Church upon made this behold, 1:39: sion "For (Moses fail satisfaction, to and means a blessing to and both a tended be

is bring and work my my glory—to disappointment. more means The never should say knowledge. We eternal immortality to and the pass in the cause important which may we to that us from to comes a call "no"

life Heavenly our end of man."The satisfaction greater the the engage, in the authority Church. the proper Christ His Jesus Father Son and if successful, the or disappointment said: by "Whether has Lord The in beginthe from view have had if fail. happiness supreme The of we voice the or voice mine by own is exaltasaving, with that of ning efficient faithful serattending and it is servants, same."the (Docmy children, of tion, Father's which our in the of the ministry vice Lord retrine 1:38.) Covenants and To this all are and members; family men sufficient for incentive us should be to do> are to do fuse asked what we the of plan in the with accordance to best. very is our do in to to refuse the work Church All revealed. has which Gospel He there in ministry the succeed to afford can for Lord. the one To No of done, the things has Lord which incertain elements be are must in of which stand, a take our view such are knowledge, have which any we in evidence, always for present, some past to the debtedness Lord and

this creatend. to a but means The are: of received, blessings our present which and

live, this earth ing which of on we fufor utter dependence upon Him help Dependability Lord's The includinstituting Gospel, the of the to ture blessings which hope we Willingness Efficiency Savior, orthe of a providing ing the Worthiness receive. Courage

earthly ganizing and of His Church is called a to person upon When disciples In His one addressing on of the bestowing upon kingdom, man office receive the other Priesthood or "I said: occasion, the the Savior instituting the am Priesthood, the Holy is if in the usually Church, he asked

vine, that branches: are the ye with of ministry the of He Church is to office that willing receive he and

I in in the him, abideth all its me, same and principles and theordinances—all it ability. his the best to of magnify

fruit: forth with- [or bringeth that of end, to directed much are man's one

is in the affirmative the answer His (St. out nothing."exaltation. can ye salvation do me and equivalent of to sacred a covenant

The Lord uses humble men and John 15:5.) do his duty faithfully and well. This

women in the ministry of His Church I quote the following from the covenant carries with it the obligain the accomplishment of His mighty poet Wordsworth: "To character tion to live the life of a saint, thus

purposes. He has said: "And no and success, two things, contradicsetting an example worthy the emuone can assist in this work except he tory as they may seem, must go tolation of others. Example is a poshall be humble and full of love, havgether, humble dependence on God, tent means of teaching the truth, and

ing faith, hope, and charity, being and manly reliance on self."If there (Concluded on page 117)

JPul "I expect that,"laughed Bob, "but watch my skis!"And he

was off.

Down the winding course he sped, is the thing same JLh.his graceful, poised, pushing now with

all against the rest you'll run\\Tup a of CROWD his poles speed, sending to gain your life. If you really want somespray of snow into the air as he

thing, bend all your energy in that cut the corners, until he flashed E direction; don't let the plaudits or RS through the goal flags, a quarter CHE

cheers of the crowd distract your of a mile from the starting point.

attention."A SHORT Jack and Ricks listened for the time.

"But, Dad, I know that sounds SHORT Thirtytwo seconds! Tied with the

it right, although seems not always to at be right. Davis. Look Bob He STORY stateJack'srecordturnfor came,the course!and he gave

goes so far as to play up to the his every thought to getting down that, crowd. does he And when twisting course the through the By ALVIN J. SCHOW that

likes ever crowd than it more and guide once flags. Only did Jack

cheers him on to greater efforts."waver. That was at the halfway

"I know it seems to do that, Son. mark, and it lost him a precious secBut if Bob could forget the crowd ond. Safely past the goal flags, he

and play the game alone, he might heard his time called. Thirtythree

be even better than he is now."seconds! Only one second behind

"He's state champ!"Jack said it Bob. But what long seconds they

with a challenge in his voice. are when you're flying through the

"I know that, too, Son,"John air like that!

Ricks slowly nodded his head, "but Jack caught the lift for the ride one day someone will come along to the top for the second run.

who can keep his full attention on When the lift arrived at the top, the run. Then Bob won't be state Ricks noted that Jack was not there.

champ any more!"One of the boys brought Jack's skis

"Maybe you're right, Dad. Anyover to him.

way, I wish I could be that person!""Jack said to leave these with

Ricks looked at his son closely. you,"the boy told Ricks. "He said He was a finelooking boy—one to he'd be up in a few minutes."

be proud of. "Thanks,"said Ricks, "but where

"My boy, if you want that, you did Jack go?"

can get it!""I don't know,"replied the boy.

"I do want it, Dad. But Bob's "He got off at the halfway mark."

had two years more skiing than I Ricks frowned. Jack needed the

have, and he's hard to beat."Then strength he would use in climbing

half to himself, "Boy, wouldn't that the hill. Besides, they were ready

in put with good Miriam!"me start to run, the second they and

it's like this. you'd be Sure okey!"Ricks qirl smiled. there's a "So couldn't for the race hold up Jack.

right, "All it, Son, then I'm the boss. in too. there to would run be have and He try I've you told what you! Now sure, "Oh, Dad."his turn, disqualified. or be

tell night tomorrow And me right, how in "All Son,"Ricks put down starting secThere, they the were come out."his paper, to that you "if you want win

"Right, race, it. let's prepare to do When's Dad Coach!"Jack wayond run!down.TheJack'sfirst turnman wouldwas oncomehis

the tournament?"grinned with pleasure, and his Dad soon!

"Three weeks from tomorrow. returned the grin. Then Ricks caught sight of Jack

But do you really think I can do coming up the trail. There was no

it?"The boy was doubtful. JL he weeks passed and time to lose. Maybe he could help

"I know you can do it if you'll the day of the tournament dawned the boy. He made his way down to

try it the right way! Now listen to cold and clear. The hardpacked Jack and took his arm to help him

me. There are always people watchcourse would be icy and fast. Recclimb. They heard Bob's time aning when you practice on the course, ords might be broken. nounced. Another thirtytwo!

aren't there?"Huge crowds lined the sides of "I'm all right, Dad,"said Jack.

The boy nodded, and Ricks conthe course as the twenty contestants "Just a little winded from the tinued. "Now, you do as I say and made ready for their first run climb."

you can take that title! Go out there through the flags. Ricks stood at "But why did you stop at halfevery day and practice, but every the top of the hill with Jack, giving way?

time you make the run keep every him a final bit of advice. Bob Davis "Tell you later, Dad. I need my

bit of your attention on the course made his way past the two to the breath now."

and on your goal. Forget there is starting place. Together they made the top.

anything else happening in those "Hi yu, kid,"he grinned at Jack. There would be just time for Jack

few seconds you are flashing down "Gonna take the championship to put on his skis. Jack bent over

the course! Concentrate on the task away from me today?"to fasten the harness.

at hand! From now until this tour- "You're going to know you've "You rest,"said Ricks, "I'll do*

nament is over, I'm your coach?"been in a race this time,"Jack called that!"

"Gee, Dad, I never expected after him. (Concluded on page 127)

Scene near Iron Springs, Utah, six miles from Cedar City, showing Paramount Pictures, Inc., filming the story,

"Union Pacific."

The camera crew are at the extreme left preparing for a shot showing the laying of the rails in Utah. The locomotives were brought from

California museums, reconditioned and used to depict the first trains used in building the lines. Many of the extras

are Mormon people from Cedar City, Utah.

Photo by David H. Mann.

the rails came westWhen Brigham Young could have \i7lth the filming of union pacific we recall brigIf visited Iron Springs, Utah, in ham Young's part in the linking of a continent

November he would have seen and the growing respect of surveyor reed for him.

a faithful replica of scenes familiar to his later life in Utah pioneer days. By DAVID H. MANN

Iron Springs, a station six miles June 29, Mr. Reed wrote: "This of the Central Pacific Railroad are

from Cedar City, on the Cedar City morning my men struck for wages trying to contract with Brigham and Lund branch line of the U. P. and I have sent a man to Salt Lake Young to do their work west of this

Railroad, was chosen as the location City to confer with President Young place, but he answers that he has all for filming Union Pacific by Paraon the subject."he can do at present to complete the

mount Pictures, Inc., because the While waiting for word from contract taken from me."

depot there and general topography President Young, Mr. Reed wrote: On May 23, 1866, President Brigclosely represented that of early "Chief Sandpitz and his squaw took ham Young wrote a letter to Franklin

... He asked if D. Richards in Liverpool relative to Cheyenne, Wyoming, and parts of breakfast with us

Utah. we were working for Brigham his contracting to build seventy miles

satisfied Pacific that Railroad. In the Union we of and when Young of mention Brigham The first

I All said: right Brother with them. it he "Dear were, all... was buildthe connection with Young's

ing of the Union Pacific Railroad Indians in this part of the country have contracted for the grading and into Utah is found in the little known fear and respect the head of the masonry on the Union Pacific Railthe of in Utah."road from Canyon head Echo Church letters of writcompilation personal...."this city of the settlement of lake to the shore to the Relative to his ten wife B. Samuel Reed by

letter "President explainfurther strike, continues wrote: Reed Mr. The first family. the and Reed Mr. made

I that expected hewould, wrote, the as ing appreciated work was lines in for P. the Young the survey U. bidding boys, the letter to people. the severe by Mormon West. a

for all It I have complete work had them been predicted by some that

In April, 1864, Mr. Reed wrote to them to do before showing themBrigham Young would resist the

his wife: "I learn from Mr. Young selves in Salt Lake City, since which building of the transcontinental railof Salt Lake City that the country I have not heard a word about pay."road, and how completely wrong

is to explore comparatively I have inthey were was shown when he, settled. well.. Mr. Young took a the work, of impeding is quite "pouR years later, on May 20, 1 868, stead

intelligent and has come east this Mr. Reed wrote: "I have been contract for building one stretch of

spring to pilot the train of eminegotiating with Brigham Young for it, and in his forceful, farseeing way, grants expected from Europe in June building a portion of the railroad pushed the work along with all haste.

the plains across to the Great the celebration Following of the this country Salt through We have not being Lake City. He regrets at of the dedriving golden spike general, some... minor agreed in

able to accompany me this season on tails yet to be closed."Promontory, Utah, which event

great all feel a They my survey. the of the transcompletion wrote: marked later Mr. Reed A month of interest construction in the railroad, continental BrigPresident Mr. Stanford Gray and the "Governor

road and will extend to me every ham Young and the First Presidency facility in their power to help forof the L. D. S. Church broke ground

, ward the work."C. A. Chamberlain, Salt at Ogden, May 17, 1869, for a

year, the City, Union Lake Mr. same Reed City. line to Salt May 26, Pabranch Lake

loanwas roadmaster, still in the city of wrote: "I am 10, President 1870, Pictures the cificed Paramount to On January

the that see Inc., to track Brigham Young wired Albert Carin film the "Union Saints. President Young is expected work

today or tomorrow. I have never Pacific"was laid in an rington in England: "Last rail laid,

been in a town of this size in the authenticrector Authormanner. Rosson,Dilast spike driven on the Utah Central

United States where everything is struckappearance,with Chamberlain'stold him to at two o'clock."

in in as perfect kept order such as work a beard and this grow epic of an Thus ended the West, extra, part the taking an cattle Saints. or the city of hogs history No of the making days when roadmaster of the oldtime

allowed to run at large in the streets whenbuilt. the originalNote Chamberline was pioneers traveled across the plains

and every available nook of ground lain's striking resemblance on foot, behind ox teams or. hfs"e-

is made to bring forth fruit, vegeto BrighamPhotoYoung.by back to the haven of refuge in the

tables, or flowers for man's use."David H. Mann. tops of the mountains.

JhjL CHURCH hciPuL NATION'S CAPITAL

things is manyWashington to By DR. EDGAR B. BROSSARD It is the many persons.

nation's capital and center United States Tariff Commissioner, former of the federal government to all the President of the Washington L. D, S. Branch,

world. It is a prosperous city of and a member of the Capital District Council.

630,000 to its merchants. It is a

place of great museums to some, \X7ashington is many things to many persons where animal life, Indian life, anand means much to members of the church.

thropology, and many other scientific subjects may be studied. To others

it is a source of all books published ending flow of bulletins and instrucof the Church in all parts of the in America, through the great Contions in infinite variety from the govworld.

gressional Library, and the neverernment departments. Whatever

one's interest, Washington has Washington Offers Unique something to satisfy it. That is true Opportunity for Internaof the public in general. It is also tional Contacts

true of members of the Mormon "\X7ashington is a great political

Church. center, a social metropolis, is

Washington not only piques our becoming wellknown for certain curiosity and stimulates thought on educational advantages, and also ofan infinite variety of subjects, but it fers some unique opportunities to the offers to members of the Church Mormon Church.

unique opportunities for service in Each nation is represented in broad and constructive fields. A Washington by a diplomatic delebrief discussion of the growth of the gation. These representatives of

branch of the Church of Jesus foreign countries watch every social,

Christ of Latterday Saints in economic, and political development

Washington may excite ambition in in this country that has international the breast of the energetic young significance, and they advise their people of the Church to prepare respective governments about it.

themselves along some chosen line Besides their official contacts these for useful service to their fellow men, diplomats make many warm friends open to them almost anywhere they in the nation's capital and mingle may reside. For while what has socially and often quite personally

taken place in Washington is unand intimately with a great variety usual in many respects, yet in others of Americans as well as with their the development here is typical of fellow foreign diplomats. Frequentwhat has taken place and what is in ly the actions they recommend to

process of achievement in many their respective governments in inother cities outside of the present ternational crises are based as much organized stakes of Zion. It is thereupon information obtained through

fore of general interest to members these friendly informal contacts as

WASHINGTON, D. C, CHAPEL OF THE CHURCH upon formal, official documents.

SAINTS WITH OF LATTERDAY JESUS CHRIST OF JUNE This opportunity of contact, the SCHOOL, TAKEN OF SUNDAY MEMBERS 13, 1937. influence of which may be felt

around the world, encourages members of the Church living in Washington to demonstrate by their lives and by their teachings the real virtues of the Gospel of Jesus Christ as revealed by Joseph Smith the

Prophet and as they are taught by iniili the Church at the present time. It nMB is a constant challenge to prove the

truths of the Gospel, a unique external stimulus toward good conduct. This influence merits further

development and wide expansion.

Nothing will help the cause of the

Church more than spreading the truths it teaches. The best way to

teach them is by example and wide

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

tunate enough to have structures of This religious toleration and cotheir own, with broadminded generoperation was also exemplified in the osity lent them to other sects. For national convention of Jews, Protinstance, before the Jews had a synaestants and Catholics held in 1933

gogue of their own, they worshipped in Washington and Elders James H.

in the Lutheran church."Moyle and the writer were invited

The Civil War destroyed this to and did participate freely in the spirit of unity, harmony, mutual toldiscussions, and again in 1 936 a cityeration, and good will. Only in wide meeting was called to protest

recent years has it been somewhat against the religious persecution rife reestablished. At present this spirit in Europe.

of cooperation prevails to a considerFurthermore, since 1936, nearly able extent and is an influence for all the churches of Washington and good on the religious life of Washnearby Virginia and Maryland have ington. been cooperating in a program to

evil effects of alcohol the and have PRESIDENTOF B. BROSSARD, DR. EDGAR period of recent During this C. D. BRANCH, WASHINGTON, in effectively narcotics other taught

TO 9, SEPT. 192S, CHURCH, APRILL. D. 19,S. friendliness the of Jesus Church of District of all public the schools 1936.

Christ of Latterday Saints has Columbia in compliance with the its in chapel beautiful Washthat that requires taught law it be aperected D.contact, Washington, and C, leaders the ington members and and subject. other school as field any promising to a most bepears constructive cointo entered have this religious of example Another truths the of the Gosfor spreading

of other the churches with operation is cooperation the ThanksUnion this inpel way.

all citiwell-being of for the city the togiving service brings which Day

Washington Noted For zens and with tolerance and mutual gether the following churches: The

Religious Freedom and respect for each other's views. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Cooperation Today there is a definite tendency Saints ( Mormon ), All Souls Church again toward cooperation among the (Unitarian), Cleveland Park Con- ()ur Revolutionary fathers who various churches of Washington for gregational Church, Columbia were responsible for our repubthe solution and betterment of social Heights Christian Church, Francis lican form of government in the and economic conditions. The reAsbury Methodist Church, Mount

United States had deep regard for spective church denominations join Pleasant Congregational Church, the principle of religious toleration. the Community Chest drives for the and Universalist National Memorial

Washington, the nation's capital, support of local welfare groups and Church, The twelfth combined is justly famous for its religious libbranches of national welfare organimemorial service was held on erty. Peter Charles L'Enfant in zations. The Washington FederThanksgiving Day, 1 937, with Pres1791 submitted a plan of the city ation of Churches was formed in (Continued on page 119)

intended for the permanent seat of 1920. Its work was directed along PHOTO TAKEN APRIL 21, 1932, AT THE LAYINGthe government of the United States nonsectarian lines. The All Souls OF THE CORNERSTONE OF THE WASHINGTON,

that was projected agreeable to the Unitarian and the Mount Pleasant D.CHRISTC, CHAPELOF LATTERDAYOF THE SAINTS—2S10CHURCH OF JESUS16TH

direction of President George WashCongregational Churches have held ST., N. W.

ington, in pursuance of an Act of open forums and people of different Murdock,Left to Senatorright: ReedHaroldSmoot,A. Lafount,Mrs. AliceFranklinSheetsJ.

Congress passed July 16, 1790, "essects and denominations have been Smoot,Edgar B.Mrs.Brossard,VVm. Spry,Mrs. CongressmanGrace S. Colton,Don Mrs.B. Cotton,L. E.

tablishing the Permanent Seat on invited to discuss numerous topics. McArthur, Mrs. G. A. Iverson, Mrs. Wm. H. King.

the bank of the Potomac."In that

plan he included a location for an edifice intended for "public prayer and thanksgiving... equally open

to all."This national church never materialized, but during President

Thomas Jefferson's administration the hall of the House of Representatives in the Capitol was used for

Sunday services. At a later date

both the United States Treasury

Building and the Supreme Court room in the Capitol were turned over to homeless church organizations for their Sunday religious services. This freedom of worship and

religious liberty and even cooperation among many of the religious denominations has been a characteristic of the religious life of the city.

In the early days "no building was too lowly to serve as a meeting place, whether it was cooper shop, barn, or office loft,"carpenter shop, or farm house. "Those denominations forJAt NATIVE BLOOD

By ALBERT R. LYMAN

Another gripping story comes out of the Southwest by the author of "the outlaw of Navajo Mountain."

inTHEthe STORYland of THUSthe Navajos,FAR: whereDown the

great, shapes weird of Monument Goulding, Trading by Harry the skyline the Southwest,punctuate of Valley And the black mare was gone. PhotoPost Operator, Monument

Yoinsnez and his son and his daughter, She had been left, still under the THE ENCHANTED VALLEY OF MONUMENTSValley.

MIRAGE STRANGE WHERE AND SHADOWS MAKE in livedEltceesie, neighboring hogan, a saddle, over a limb her reins with VISIONS SKYLINE. ON THE

little his Peejo. deHusteele son and But she too the hogan, back of had and in thingsspite their all other neighborliness his vacation from as at times other

spirit, like for vanished a no one bitter the rivalrythere a two grew incomprehensible, perwas more the a phantomtor the of hoofs beating her betweenhorse—Beeleh heard had plexing else in the than anything stallionthlizhen Arabian of capture(blackhorse)—a earth. old solitary man's world. that fullgrowntype appeared on Huskthat black doted Yoinsnez on had line, theaniny UtahArizona on and Mesa cherished of had hopes fond He which defied all efforts for his capture, mare—she was a winner; she was capturing Blackhorse for the big

stealth, or trickery, force.whether greatest the of item As of worth that had fall at display the celebraYabetchi attempt would each occupantsthe hogan of his into through hands come his tion, every ten the and he days rode the capture, otherhis occupants would of the of fortune. the changes mounted He lie their to rivals in see successif wait were tried riddle to the mesa and read

ful. Suddenly, however, the dread influenza bay mare and took up the track of the deformed skyline, but always

the crushing thestruck Yoinsnez, hogan the of of from back the hogan. But muttered, he shook his head and all others. prostrating life his son and from his from angry of speed (I can't he "Shi dobahusen!"understricken, rivals so Husteele their were While

tO'lacked a slowed down to burstwalk—he it). capture Blacksought again Peejo standand

think. to stopped As success. the dewithout Thenhorse—but resolution—he hunt took he with him On every

visited the plague hogan vastating of matters stood the he had mare bay his Begay, intended sonNatawney later, afterHusteele. Yoinsnez days Ten as twice the white mare and and inlaw, for Eltceesie though was to visit strength finally enough gainedhad as a sheep he had few many owned rival,his only elevenyear-old neighbor her the heart mourning for out and outPeejo was still alive. Yoinsnez took the boy months before—why bother to folcast who went away with the black

also him. histo cared for roof and own low the track He his and bring back this mare, father her had mind made minherds and Husteele's horsestook and troublesome boy? future, her up for expected he and his burnedgled with and them down own,

Husteele's hogan in an effort to blot out The days ran into weeks and then no compromise. When he went

the dread epidemic. Yoinsnez's first feeling into months. The yucca blooms behunting he rode the bay mare that

to soon, turned compassion however,of tall stalks, hard came pods on their to Husteele, belonged had he and distrust bitterrising resentment when and but one from brought no any word ride the had Begay white mare. And all that to tell hePeejo seemed reluctant

and his father, Husteele, had learned of Peejo and the black mare. He seemalways they found nothing but reBlackhorse. Before an adequate period of ed to have gone far, far away, and moteness and solitude stretching

Eltceesieconvalescence, were out Peejo and his ringing echoed through words in silence. sucmocking Every away rival as a sheep, for andcaring for the with the the shepherdess mind of effort this fruitless ceeding of month thereEltceesie's Natawney favor came

Begay, vain and favored son of the tribe's strength and purpose she wanted to was more disturbing than the month big medicine man. In boyish physical conhear again. She gazed across the before.

flicts Peejo. the sickworn bested he Husstill at lifted desert his big hand often thought of the strange He s attentionsteele's approval open of Begay in her command, and at that the black more boy and had mare Husteele between the and there breachwidened

Peejo, and, driven to anger, Peejo told feminine hand still raised in answer disappeared so mysteriously fromHusteele that he would never find Black-—she was answering the command behind the hogan and wondered

to returned Peejohorse until he had the of Peejo, not the command of Begay. where they had gone, whether they

his father's takensheep and horses from corral, and then Peejo disappeared. Yoinsnez hunted the mesa and would ever return. He wondered

scrutinized every track in the deswhether it could be the boy's strange

Chapter IV ert for miles around. Mirage and influence and his unaccountable unshadows hovered over the monuderstanding, in his unknown farments with their two great hands away, that kept the black stallion PJEEjo's name was shoutever raised in affirmation of fortunes hidden from view.

ed towards the cottonwoods where he could not understand. Heat leWinter came and went, adding

he was sitting when the hunters regions of mocking mist did their its length to the mystery. The old

turned, but he made no answer. The ghostdance in the enchanted disman, bending pensively over his fire,

mighty voice of Yoinsnez echoed tance, but to the old Navajo it was talked little else of anything but the back from the hills as he started all cryptic and tantalizing, a great phantom Beleeh thlizhen, his superwith long strides towards the little record which he could have read natural powers, his extraordinary clump of greasewoods where the but for the troublesome shadows of disappearance.

sheep huddled in the afternoon Husteele and his orphan son. The In spite of Begay's presence as

shade. No herder was with them. failure of the mesa king to return one of the family, and his claim to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

recognition as champion, Eltceesie Begay rode his bay mare, followhim I bought her and paid for her.

heard Peejo's words echoing more ed by her brown colt, to a big Ya 'Paid who?'he demanded, ready to

I paid you. 'Theand more through her mind. He had betchi celebration over in New Mexfight. I told him

said, "I know,"and she couldn't ico near to Gallup, and returned old thief!'he hissed. He wanted to

doubt that he held some mighty sewith a story which set Yoinsnez fight me, but his white father told cret about the things giving her faadrift on a still wider sea of worry him something and got him to stop."

ther so much trouble. and concern. Begay had seen Peejo Yoinsnez was leaning forward, like a ghost story—the forgetful of everything but Begay's "It may be,"she suggested, "you—it sounded

lifted the story. of the name mention very again if you find Blackhorsecould

startled of attitude "Then they tried to buy the colt, to an old man horses and give Peejo hiswould sheep."attention and brought his long teeth but I refused. They bid higher and

talk."I wouldn't but story, higher, expectancy. in The keen out a place made him in It jabbed about me?"differmore say it from he gleaned "Did had as Begay of consciousnesstender by growing eagerly. related interrupted celebration, at Yoinsnez the ent ones

guilt, deepened the furrows and eyes eagle in Begay's hungry, look boy, homeless the The that his slantingacross imsomething more been penniless, he had had showed and weary,

I "see "If he ponbrow.him—could if tell. said still you to wealthy portant a "He the road by overtaken on time studysat a long hedered, and horses his for and Califorhim don't from pay returning cattle man conembers. crumbling theing He everything you lose cattle you'll in sheep, Texas. his The to nia home property Husteele's that hadcluded

if didn't him of pay said kind you held some own. had (he He man affairs, his influence bedeviling ona naked and just barefooted buried you'd in go had the army), rank sold the notion that he withand hold your to a turban heard he even without son, his and when only

to a whitewhite man mare who hair."moved, his heart story, gray was Peejo's the his to her beyondtook home of {Exclamation to the liking boy, law!"great de a took he "Yaw reservation. the was ofborder He gasped old the took him man and son as astonishment) a him adopted

sell the medithe but to bay,about old his alarm, Peejo in was Texas. muddy angry with his to home protestedcine became and son man's wide. big whiteman to opening eyes going school—a owner,himself soon and her proud Peepretended father father his had white white "His school—and of her proudthe still owner more

to medicine man's car the well,"classy in great jo not a him was brought colt.brown insisted Peejo on, "but Yabetchi. visit we son went the famous

"He was dressed like the son of run a race. I beat him,"Begay ex-

1 oinsnez sold some of a chief,"Begay added. ulted, lifting his arched nose in

his to I that belonged the sheep had wrestled and pride. "Then we to did talk you "Did him? What of others neighbor, but them fatherdead his white while him threw and about me?"Anything say? he flock, in his identity their lost angry.had 'Somewatching. was was He low with sagged jaw man's the old rival his tried forget old to reserheand to the back time I'm coming interest.

and all the unhappy changes followvation,'he said, talking in Navajo ing his rival's death. He tried to "Plenty,"Begay declared, his so his white father could not underforget the sole survivor of that handsome face beaming with what stand, 'and I'm going to> beat you

dreadful hogan full of dead people, he had to tell. "When he saw the in a race while Eltceesie is watching

and most of all he tried to banish the bay mare he put his arms around—she will see me throw you on the

cried. going her and neck He was survivor fear held that the disturbing will crawl father on his

there, told sand—her right but I her to take rise secret might which him.'some unusual to help me belly and beg

fallvengefully from ambush in the years It hissed with

HIS LOVES THE NAVAJO HORSE AS PART OF "Yaw de law!"(Continued on 118) page ahead. HIS EXISTENCE. OWN

Photo by Harry Goulding, Tra j Post Operate Mon Va,

Lincoln anxL MENTOR GRAHA

THOMAS J. MALONE

Tn the life of every young man who succeeds are the influences of such unselfish guiding hands as those of which this story tells. For the "Mentor Grahams"THROUGHOUT THE CITIES AND

VILLAGES OF AMERICA, WE HAVE CAUSE TO BE GRATEFUL.

earnest student regardless of age, whether in school or out.

The year before, Abraham's father, Thomas Lincoln, with his family had moved from his Indiana home to Illinois. Lincoln senior finally

settled on a site in Coles county. It

that place that Linyoung from wasTHE LINCOLN STATUE LINCOLN IN THE short help. of expectedly a Seeing D. C. MEMORIAL, to WASHINGTON, Salem. coln had walked New

Lionel Photograph by in the the around, Green. newcomer crowd in to Residence a village was new

clerk asked him whether he could him. He enjoyed the chance to rewrite. a question implied Such no waiting while lax get acquainted and little more than a century ilin disrespect those days when store for the to open. In Salem New

ago, an undertaking engaged literacy was common among the he, for the first time in his life, met in frontier settlements. people Lincoln that young Abraham On village education men of daily—the replying life, the other's that he could of his the courseAchanged and the country around more had and

tracks,"rabbit the history he "make a few of gave was of share than their America—that such—and,

sit clerk, assistant in as to to invited a livinghim enabled him and to a access them, through he had and—blacksmithing;choose between the lawthatas aheadedcareer andThedid clerkso. of the election was rangeportantofbooks,books, fitsomecompanionsof them andimhim toward political leadership, the Graham, the schoolmaster. Lincoln's successors of those famous few of

White House, and immortality. finding in the place such a man as his boyhood: the Bible, Aesop's

Late in July of 1831, Lincoln, a Graham was perhaps the best single Fables, Robinson Crusoe, The Pil-—six22year-oldfeet four,farmaboutand flatboatone hundredhand piecethere. of Hegoodhadfortunebeenthatto befellschoolhimin grim'sWashington,Progress,and aWeems'school historyLife ofof

seventyfivesinewy—set pounds,out on agaunt,crosscountryswarthy, hisfull wholeyear. lifeAccordinga total of tolesshisthanowna thesix Unitedyears inStates.New HeSalem,was yearsto spendof

walk of some ninety miles or so statement late in life, when he begreat value to him, for in them by headed for a group of fifteen log came of age he did not know much, reading, studying, discussing, strugcabins on the Sangamon river that though able, somehow, to "read, gling for a living, friendmaking, formed the hamlet of New Salem. write, and cipher to the rule of proving himself, developing his gift

A store in which he was to work three."And then he met Mentor for leadership, he prepared for his

was to open there as soon as its Graham who held forth in the little career.

owner should arrive with a stock of log schoolhouse at the south edge of goods. town. Lincoln's senior by perhaps f ess than a year after his arrival,

On August 1, an election was fifteen years, Graham was a man of Graham suggested to him that he held in New Salem and the clerk at respectable scholarship and superior study English grammar. A knowlthe polling place found himself unteaching ability, zealous to help the edge of grammar, the schoolmaster

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

told him, was something anyone coming a blacksmith. The surveyor

should have who would go far in lent him a textbook in surveying, and political life or gain any considerable he pitched into it.

recognition among men. Lincoln alBy intense application he abready had an ambition toward polisorbed in six weeks enough of the

tics. He asked where he could get principles of plain surveying to go

a textbook in grammar. out in the field and survey accurThe condition of Graham's perately. He is said to have gone to

sonal library and the curriculum of Graham, at the beginning, for ashis school may be inferred from the surance of help over the difficult fact that the nearest book of that parts. To be able to get the most

kind that he knew of was owned by from Graham in the latter's spare a farmer six miles distant. Lincoln time, Lincoln went to board at Grawalked to the farm and obtained, as ham's cabin, and there the two

gift or by purchase, a copy of Kirkstudied far into the night.

ham's grammar. Let not that farmer A former resident of New Salem,

be passed over unnamed; he, too, "Bill, that was all the teaching of R. B. Rutledge, writing after Lindid a real service for Abraham Lingrammar I ever had."coln's death of what New Salem had

will "I thatcoln. For say for him, said: done know of who my John with gramafter the bout A year

life in did forgotten obscure thatVance, knowledge and Graham a own conducting Lincoln, while mar, in death, along with Mentor Grastore in New Salem as part owner, more than all others to educate Linham, had not a hand in the Cooper read Gibbon's Decline and Fall of coln."

Union speech, the Gettysburg adthe Roman Empire and Rollin's AnWhat had New Salem done for dress, the Bixby letter, and the two cient History. Other "heavy"works him? It had been the scene of his

Inaugurals? he read in that period included Volpoverty, his early struggles for liveLincoln plowed through the textney's Ruins, Paine's Age of Reason, lihood, his business failures, and the

book alone for the most part, but and some of Voltaire. It seems reabeginnings of his rise to distinction.

with occasional help from Graham. sonable to suppose that he discussed In his first weeks there his wrestling

Not only did he memorize its rules the content of those books with the strength and skill had won him the but he disciplined himself to observe school teacher, who may have sugfriendship of the roistering "Clary them. Nearly thirty years later, in gested some of them to him in the Grove Boys,"which led to his electhe thirdperson autobiographical first place. Jack Kelso, the best fishtion as captain of his volunteer comsketch prepared as basis for a camerman and idler in New Salem, impany in the Black Hawk war ofpaign document, he wrote that after parted to him some of his own love 1832—a victory the sweet flavor of

hishe was twentythree he "studied for Shakespeare and Burns. In May which he never forgot—and toEnglish grammar—imperfectly, of of 1833, Lincoln was appointed postfirst elections to the legislature.

course, but as to title so too, the earned There, he had Salem. at newsspeak and write master The New well does."as as he now with Abe,"went which of "Honest St. Louis of from papers the time,

life. Ann Rutledge and One of the best stories about Linto New York, available to him as him through

coln has to do with that study of they came to the post office, were Mary Owens had been part of New grammar. He took up the study in textbooks in politics and governSalem. In study there he had made

the spring of 1832, when clerk in ment. He delved into a volume, up for many a defect in his educaOffutt's store. He had a young Statutes of Illinois, and then into tion. He had come to New Salem

assistant, William G. Greene. LinBlackstone's Commentaries. In later an uncouth farm boy with no defincoln would have Greene take the years in New Salem he read Chitite purpose in life, grasping at this

book and ask him the questions in it, ty's Pleadings and other law books, or that occupation as it offered; he

then check Lincoln's answers against preparatory to admission to the bar. had left it with a profession, and as

those in the text. When Lincoln a recognized power in the political

was president, Greene called on him, pOR some time Lincoln made a praclife of his state. He had led in the

by invitation, in Washington. The tice of writing, for "exercise"legislature the successful fight for

secretary of state, William H. only, papers on various subjects, the removal of the state caprtol to

Seward, was with Mr, Lincoln when some of which he referred to GraSpringfield, thereafter to be his

Greene entered his office. After ham for criticism and suggestion. home; he had been, at twentyseven,

greeting his old friend, Lincoln And who but Graham could have the Whig floor leader in the lower said: "Seward, shake hands with helped him in his study of surveying? house. The Lincoln of 18541865

Bill Greene of Illinois, the man who After his venture in store ownerwas not discernable in the New Sataught me grammar."ship had "winked"out, the surveyor lem product, but the groundwork

When Seward had left, Greene, of Sangamon County (New Salem, was there.

whose speech was far from being at first in Sangamon, was later set And Mentor Graham "did more grammatically errorless, asked Linoff in Menard County), whom than all others to educate Lincoln."

coln why he had said such a thing, young Lincoln had impressed as "no One likes to think, one believes, that adding, "Lord knows I don't know common man,"offered him a deputythere have been since, and are, in any grammar myself—much less ship if he would fit himself to handle the small towns and rural places

could I teach you!"Lincoln reit. Lincoln needed that work desthroughout the United States, hunminded him of their questionand- perately, for his fees as postmaster dreds, thousands, of other Mentor

answer practice in the Offutt store. and what he could earn at odd jobs Grahams, with a fire for learning in

Greene said he remembered, but in the town and on outlying farms their breasts and a zeal for the un- "That wasn't teaching you gramwere hardly enough to live on, and selfish helping of earnest seekers mar."To which the President said: he had given some thought to beafter knowledge.

JhsL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

By JAMES L. BARKER

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at the University of Utah, and a member of the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union

(Continued) practices of the church with the teachings of the scriptures. (In

Years later Luther mentions the 1516, Erasmus had published the unfavorable impressions proGreek New Testament.) Luther

duced by this visit to Rome: was especially fond of the writings LUTHER AS A MONK

of Paul. In the next or year two, the moral shocked and he by was he established at himself Juterbock to he pass the judgment was on life, religious the hurried manner by in a only Brandenburg miles few other writers of the Testament "by priests said in New mass, the which from Wittenberg. their to according with agreement priests the the jokes about "made is following taken the from The Paul, as him. understood he Unat the consecrating elements when "Instructions"to those were who to able understand could James how in repeating Latin mass, the words to in proclaim indulgences Germany: agree with Paul that says he when art, shalt thou bread thou 'Bread and

first grace is the The complete remission faith without works is dead, he called art, remain; wine thou thou and wine

all sins; of and this nothing greater than epistle."a "straw later shalt remain.''In years he James can since named, be... obtains man comremarked "how they would apply in Luther was deeply concerned with plete remission by these means and once

derision the term 'good Christian'to the question, "How can sinful man more enjoys God's favor; moreover, through

this remission sins of the punishment which reconciled be with and be God stupid those to bewere who is enough19 obliged to in one undergo purgatory on In saved?"reading Paul, conhe in lieve truth."Christian was He the of account affront to the Divine Majsince cluded that is saved man by the at the of astonished splendor is all esty remitted, the and of pains purceremonies and processions. The faith, then fasting, pilgrimages, saygatory completely blotted out.

the Respecting contribution the to etc., now of prayers, avail; are of no chiling stories his of Alexander and VI

chest, for the building said of the church it that faith is not but works by by still fresh. evidently But dren were the of chief of the apostles, the penitenthat righteous before is made man faith that hisnothing he shook saw tiaries confessors, after and they exhave

in the authority of the pope or of God. plained to those making confession the full

remission privileges, and shall of ask them the this church. not true, thought, Luther Were for other or how much temporal money could not be saved. In 1517, In 1512, Luther became Doctor man they goods conscientiously would withgo

of Theology and in the same year, he prepared a series of ninetyseven out the said most complete remission and privileges; this shall and be in order theses, done according to the of customProfessor of Theology. profesAs

that hereafter they the be brought may the time, in for discussion, which he sor, the Bible part formed the main to easily contribute. more

of his teaching. It is interesting to embodied the thought, "The natural The third most important grace is the

read how he interpreted the scripman is a bad tree, that cannot bear participation in all the possessions of the tures; in addition to the traditional good fruit; he can neither do, nor church universal; which consists herein, that

contributors toward said the building, toevil."to do, yet, aught but Asrule of the fourfold of the will sense gether relatives, with their deceased who however, of breakhe did not dreamscriptures, held that he "all prophin departed state have a of grace, this world

ecies and prophets must be undering with the church. shall from now on, and for eternity, be

petitions, in all partakers intercessions, alms, of the magnificent The building to Christ,stood as referring whenfastings, prayers, in pileach every and in of Saint Peter Rome hadever there to church words are no express the grimaae, even in furthose Land; Holy

in 1506. Pope Leo effect else is begunthe that something stations in the X prothermore, at Rome, in masssale a general claimed of indulgences all flagellations, es, canonical hours, 80 If this and rule is followed,meant."

some prophecies bearing on the last to raise the necessary money. Engother spiritual goods which have been, or

shall the universal, be, brought forth by France, refused to Spain and are ofdays, necessity referred to the land, or most holy of its church militant by any the sale, permit but Maximilian Savior. thetime of I members.

In 1515, he was appointed vicar consented to the pope's request. The We also declare that in order to obtain

with oversight of eleven monasteries. pope divided Germany into three these two most important graces, it is not

When the break with Rome would districts and appointed the Archnecessarythe churchesto andmakealtars,confession,but merelyor toto visitprocome, he would not be altogether an bishop of Mayence manager of the cure the confessional letter....

obscure monk. district of which Saxony was a part. The fourth distinctive grace is for those

Luther's study of the scriptures His chief agent, Tetzel, traveled souls which are in purgatory, and is the led him to compare the doctrines and from place to place, but, because missioncompletetheremissionpope bringsof allto passsins, throughwhich rehis *Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 62. Frederick the Wise had forbidden intercession, to the advantage of said souls,

Jacobs, Martin Luther. the sale of indulgences in Saxony, in this wise: that the same contribution

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

shall be placed in the chest by a living Apparently, Luther had also anything concerning faith and life, by deed person as one would make for himself.21 hoped to enlist the support of the asis thatwell wordsas by areword.moreTheprecise.only differenceCustom,

'"The practice of granting indulArchbishop of Mayence, since he therefore, contains the force of law, besale. the is in to stop ruler expressed will the of cause him requesting a wrote gences based the belief was on effectively. or a deeds, permissively As of years only twentynine Thoughthat the Savior the Saints and is incorhad heretic, thinks therefore, one who also Impearchbishop the age, was rectly truth the of the Scripconcerningproduced more good works than the of most one and rial Chancellor is thinks incorrectly also tures, so one who for their necessary salvation,was

in figures the influential Germany. church, of deeds to doctrine the as He and

25 that resulting theand of treasury life. faith pertaining to and palfor the dearly the pope paid hadmerit could be the drawn upon by indiscollar ( the woolen white lium the asserted reply, abIn Luther for the benefitpope of those who his ofof exercise for the pensable Scripture of authority solute Holy in deficientwere works. good half receive the to fice), and was all teachers of that and above In in a February, sermon 1517, indulgences of sale for the receipts added: then churches, and said,Luther are "Indulgences had

this, territory. in Luther his was Ofteaching to the people the dread I virtually, not know, church, do The indulgences, of sale In the ignorant.

it I repreChrist; sin, in nor except of know sin dopunishment instead of of the rank also Tetzel, had who council. in Other- a sentatively, exceptitself.'"his protest called Yet was both represented i.e., InquisitorGeneral, virtually, if church, the wise, whateverforth, in not indulgences by themthe is of called the deed do, pope, the state. the the church and

selves, their abuse. but bring by To

tothe matter discussion in the learnIn opposition to Luther, Prierias wechurch,not reckonwhat monstrousas good deeds!crimes,MustI ask,wemustnot

ed world, Luther wrote ninetyfive expressed views not officially adoptinclude among them the horrible shedding

II? not include Julius Council, three of blood Must we by the Vatican ed until Latin, intheses on them and posted VIII, abhorof Boniface the tyranny also later: centuries a half and the castle as the ofthe door church as Nevertheless world? the whole red by

"bulletin board"of the university. 1. The church universal is essentially the to the latter, the proverb is well known:

The following are taken from the assembly for worship, of all believers in 'Like a fox he entered; like a lion he reignSurely, would is essentially you ed; like he died!'a universal dog church But theseries of ninetyfive: Christ. intolerall these that believe of of all the not us have the head the church Rome,

1. Our Lord and Master Jesus Christ in churches, and the pope. The Roman church able monstrosities are the most holy deeds

saying 'Repent ye,'etc., intended that the of the church! But, if the pone be the virwhole life of believers should be penitence. I tual church, and the cardinals the represen-

5. The pope has neither the will nor the tative church, and the collection of believers

power to remit any penalties except those the essential church, what will you call a which he has imposed of his own authority, general council? A virtual church? No! A

or by that of the canons. representative church? No! An essential

then? church? 21. of indulgences preachers those An No! What Thus accidental,26

church! verbal nominal and perhaps a in the indulerrorare say that by who

gences of the pope a man is freed and all punishment. fromsaved familiar Luther more became As that the 27. preach say man who They he language, the with Greek flies the as of assoul purgatory out soon

money rattles in the chest. found that the Greek word used to

Of the theses, Luther said later: render the idea of penitence meant of mind, and change more than a no is concerning in them much"There

it conthat, in making he considered

I else that doubtful;which much am

I do not understand; other things of sist of a series of confessions and

satisfactions, the church had pernoth- and not persuaded,which I am verted its meaning. to; for adhereing I stubbornly that

to the pope a letter He addressed I to the everything submit asserting his position and 23 Holy defending her judgment."andChurch

that he had acted by authority of

The result of the posting of the the doctor's degree in theology conIn a unexpected.theses was DOOR AT WITTENBERG THE ON CHURCH few THE pope. ferred him by the He upon

THESES. 95 POSTED HIS LUTHER OF WHICH into been translatedweeks they had papal authe recognize could not

German and scattered throughout thority more humbly:

is cardinals; college the of representativelyGermany. kill, recall, call, ap- "Quicken,

it is is virtually the pope, but head who intention It to Luther's not was I will please. reprove, of prove, as you Christ. the otherwise church, than although of assail the church, authority the of voice as that 2. your acknowledge universal the as cannot church Just

27 as indulgences to attacknor even also faith err morals, deciding in so and in you."speaking Christ

such, acting council, true according but to put an end to their a to this Luther received a summons to apviz., truth, end, and including to understandabuse.

his the request, but, in at err. for pear finally Rome cannot Although, head, inits of the attacking In abuse even

it time, nevertheless, deceived, a be insisted be that may Elector Luther must not only opposing dulgences, he was inquire after the to the as long as motive soil, the tried and only German on it also thethe pope, but Emperor sometimes truth although Maxremain, even to place Augsburg. changed was it err, length, the shall at through Holy their to imilian, consented had who "safeconduct"a was Consequently Spirit, the of correct understanding have sale. and Luther hoped However,

truth. neither the the Thus, Roman befor appearance Luther's issued that believed the pope wouldperhaps err, its dehe can church nor pope when business Diet. fore the was Other the church him.agree with "Within to respect cides that with concerning which

of, first the counand, disposed when official i.e., is pope, he he makes when general uponthere agreement no was

cil for and adjournment ready was for the understandacts declarations and its until of the Council teachings truth. of "24 ing the in left to the hunt the had EmperorTrent rest the 3. docdoes not upon Whoever 116) page Continued on (

the trine of the church and Roman Roman 2, Vol. in History, 21Robinson, Readings European

P. 55. pope, as an infallible rule of faith, from Op. var. arg., i, 346 sq. in Jacobs, Martin Luther,

68. p. Luther, Martin 22Jacobs,23 t?ar. arg., ii, 22, in Jacobs, Martin Luther, in Op.92. Readings European

93. History, vol. whichtheir authority,even theis Holya heretic.Scriptures derive p.p. 2. p.. Robinson,57.

**Hulme, Renaissance and Reformation, p. 203. 4. The Roman church can determine 27Cited in Jacobs, Martin Luther, p. 96.

how to put on the dressings. I am

sure he will be all right, now."He

smiled into the brown, seamed face.TEST CASE "I reckon you needn't bother to

come out any more, Doc,"Bud spoke

HE STORY OF A MAN WHO STAYED out dryly from his corner. "I'll get

Doc Hill or Doc Ritter out from

By E. MARK had struggled so hard, and against Lofton to look at it."

PHILLIPS suchplete terrifichis course,financialrealizedodds, thatto comthe tor'sA dullface.red Hecoveredturnedthe andyounglookeddocsquarely the in the eyes, a steely man good words "Make meant—briefly: in his glint own. for out there a place and I will have

"That stood you."Straley B,'rent "Myis quitebill allis threeright,"dollars."he said How jubilantly he had looked levelly.gazing out on the muddy village

street, his broad young shoulders over the territory that was to mark The man shrugged. "I ain't got

drooping dispiritedly. his first step on the ladder to success. no cash now. I'll pay you someone, he time."and a good A big territory can I do? "What What can I Brent choked back an angry reply. Its isolation thought. it even made desperately.do?"he whispered

up. not Miles hard was knew And He sturdy the he liked more so. And wall jangled the telephone on The his desperate only was he knew how of the people independent communsharply. need. a square meal had own He hadn't

"I'll it,"said savity. he not answer for almost weeks. two

agely. "Let them go hang. It will Then, slowly, he became aware He stooped to put his instrumentsjust be another—that they would have none of him, and medicines back in his case. When

The phone rang again, louder and beyond the barest necessity. he arose, Mrs. Miles was standing

longer this time, and Brent walked before him, in her hand three silver dolsilently. lars that she out held receiver, the asover and took down familiar the old jTIe FELT Brent's mind, Miles,"Mrs. "Never first the that he fromhe knew hostility into the he went when voice shaky. "Let take was Mr. Mileswould. all store, of which Corners, High was it."of care

"This is Doctor Straley."where Miles waited. The woman turned to look at her

"Say, Doc,"a man's surly voice Besides Miles and the storekeeppeacefully sleeping baby. "I reckon

came over the wire. "My youngest er, Lud Twiney and his niece and you better get back tomorrow, doctor.

kid went an'got himself burned bad nephew, Lutie and Cass Byer, who, Bud or I will fetch you a horse down today. This is Bud Miles talkin'. with their mother, made their home to the store."

Can you come out and fix him up?"with Lud, were there. Lud, tall and The little electric engine that ran up

village the day, for there one stayed "I'll leave are immediately. How in richest powerful, the the to was man

night the the next day, and back wentthe roads up your way7"its leader. community, one and No the back. Brent got track on when was I'll th'to hubs. wait "Mud for resented "furriner"the than more into the store combination went and He at here Cornersyou with High my he. postoffice his mail. got and

buggy. Couldn't get hold of either With the opening of the door a There were some circulars, a medical

of the Lofton doctors."silence fell over the group. Forcing journal, and a letter from his old col-

"I see."Brent felt the angry color a smile to his lips, Brent tookoff his lege roommate, Carey Denis.

flooding his face. hat and came toward them. A grand fellow, Denis, Brent thought,

"You'll be out?""Well, folks, the fall rains seem as back in his office he opened the

There was a pause, then a quiet to be with us,"he said. letter. He had gone back to his home,

little prosperous, a midwestern town,"I'll leave at once."his turned back Lud Twiney and

office practice the to share of an and It like this was in the storekeeper been addressed unan always—had uncle. goodwill, too,"the Brent "And the Straley timefrom Brent had come necessarily voice. "If loud have you unconsciously. almost added

lastto spring. Cold Windy groceries we'll put up, Jake, be my in His eyes amazement, opened And here it was November—gettin'along."glowed with new life as he read. When

nothing to show for half a year's efThe others said nothing, but Brent he had come to the end of it, the letter fort but antagonism and hostility! imagined he saw a look of embarfluttered to the floor. Abruptly, he sank

No one called for his services unless rassment on the faces of Lutie and into a chair, covered his white face with the two doctors at Lofton, a town Cass. his hands. He hadn't dared admit to

beyond the pass, were not available. He turned to Bud Miles. "I am himself how near to the end of his rope

his his gone; almost was; he moneyAlways they let him know he was if are, Miles."ready you Mr.

shattered; his enthusiasm a poorlast choice. the fouryear-old found boy hopes He of the thing past. And A now—this! suffering a severe from scald. Forlive again! to chance

JL/r. Jasper Rayburn, getful of all else, he set to work with He arose and walked quickly, exulthead surgeon of the hospital where skillful and gentle fingers to relieve antly, back and forth across the tiny

Brent had served his interneship, had the child's pain. office. He picked up the letter and

sent him here. Within half an hour, he took a read it again, to make sure his eyes

"I have reason to know you will damp cloth, wiped the little fellow's had not betrayed him.

meet with certain difficulties,"the tearstained face. Already he was No. It was there. Denis'uncle was

great surgeon, whom Straley adasleep, his arm and body bandaged going to retire and Denis wanted his to friend out old and roommate come intensely, at the securely.mired so had said

share lucrative practhe with and him that interview. Brent looked at the mother. "Iend of momentous tice that for too one man. much was

"When you have been there six should redress this tomorrow. Un- "You are just the one,"he had writmonths, nine, a year... when you til then, keep him just as quiet as ten, "because we are in need of a surwill, write me. Then we shall see."possible. There will be but little geon. I haven't forgotten how you

The newlyfledged physician, who pain. After that, I can show you rated in the hospital. I honestly

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY 1939

the stove, took off his coat, and drawing the one comfortable chair up close to the stove sat down to warm his chilled body. Pretty soon, he told

HIMSELF, TOLD HE SOONPRETTY find HE himself, get somehe up and would

FIND UP GET ANDWOULD SOMETHING fell asleep, eat, thing to promptly andTO ASLEEP, EAT, FELL PROMPTLY AND

THE SOUND OF MUSIC AND VOICES IN the sound of music and voices in his

HIS EAR. ear.A piercing scream shattered his sleep.

He stood bolt upright, his mind dazed.

Then he heard another scream, hoarse shouting, an uproar.

He opened the door. The noise was

coming from the old building at the end of the street. Hatless and coatless,

oblivious to the steady downpour of rain, he ran.

Out of the confusion of crying children, hysterical women, and rushing people, he learned what had happened.

The second floor of the old building had given way. Out of the wreckage,

desperateeyed men and women were dragging the unfortunate ones who had been caught. Happily, the children had

been downstairs in a protected place.

The flickering light of a few coal oil lamps lent an added gruesomeness to the scene.

Brent threw himself into the task before him, shoulder to shoulder with the others. As the injured ones were lifted

loaded baskets and the men set up long out, some of them unconscious, some tables of planks in the ramshackled old screaming in pain, he began to take thought Doc. Raymond had his eye on building at the end of the street. There the leadership.

you. Anyway, if you aren't getting the supper would be served. Upstairs there "Take them to my office,"he ordered.

sort of thing you want where you are, would be games and singing and fidHe looked over the crowd at a strong-

I hopeif you will cast in your lot with dler'sfar intomusic.the night,Brentbutwouldno onehearwouldit untilask dependable.faced woman "Mrs.whom heDavis,knewtakewouldsomebe me.

Brent smiled grimly. No, he couldn't him to come and share the fun. one with you and get plenty of hot

exactly be said to be getting to do any No. He wasn't wanted. water and clean white cloths ready."

of the surgery work that he had loved He would answer Denis'letter now, The woman turned and went, taking so a year ago. The scope of his surgery ready for the train when it went back two others with her.

at Cold Windy had been the lancing of in the morning. Tomorrow, he would When the last victim had been freed

a small boy's felon. pack. from the broken timbers, Brent headed

Well, it was over now. He would Only once did he pause as he wrote in a run for his office.

letter. the Dr. mentioned Dennis had office the behind all this hostility, this bedroom and get The out—leave Rayburn. he had his eye "Thought on it people. filled suffering with futile seemed struggling against a of stone wall

distrust behind him. He wasn't wanted; you,"he had written. Mrs. Davis and her helpers had

wasn't needed. Should he write the old surgeon toworked fast. Water simmered on the

night? to had started do it many He receptacles stove, from around steamed needed? He stopped there—wasn't But write could he and how tell it; cloths high clean, white were piled called times. had been There the time he was

failof disappointments only him and a table. on of out in the the middle night when

ure? that Should he he tell him now Quickly, Brent scrubbed and sterilcroup. the the In an Catey had baby

hour it would have choked to death, was giving up? That he couldn't hold ized his hands, donned a clean surlonger? out any it alive but and well now. There was

It seemed ages ago that he had said, the time had Bill Sheldon been had geon'sA crowdcoat.of men gathered at the front

will."Did and back doors. Fortunately, the rain cut an artery in his leg; and Mrs. Mace "Write to me—when you

Miller had taken poison by accident. he mean write to him when he was had passed on down the river. Inside,

beaten? about, helplessly a few moved women then. the needed been had He And

Is that to the done had town what sufferer. knelt beside or some this least youngster Miles afternoon—at Brent's tightened. him? Well, mouth he sufuseless said saved some had him Brent help me,"Davis, "Mrs.

it himself, not at to admit now, why fering. this Later, that he remembered It tersely. least? iron. of not made was He he wasn't wanted. services But he had comwhose woman

this his for long spent not was he had the to went other over window. Twiney's The mandeered He was Lud of years preparation. life. little village sister, in to herself the coming People was on a power

letter finished quickly, sealed the He in buggies horseback, wagons, and community.

it. his addressed he and took Then beginning up, drive to shouting were his at she holdelbow, stood While feeloff hat out to the and went walk laughing, street. hitch the and along and his helping ing instruments, with an ing of that unrest him. savage possessed slithered occasional car the through An swiftly occasional bandage, worked, he clouds that storm looked had The mud. gummy his surely, as only one knows and who in threatening the afternoon, gathwere

ered closer in, but he took no notice business can do.

JLhe monthly community of them. Not until an hour later, when He motioned to two strong young

party was about to begin. Everyone, he felt a cold splatter against his face, men in the doorway to place a patient

for miles around, turned out for this did he turn and go back. on the operating table—the first that

festive occasion. The women brought In his office again, he built up a fire in {Continued on page 123)

JPisl JAPANESE MISSION Japanese Mission of the N ACTIONTheChurch was opened in 1901 under the leadership of PresiBy DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

dent Heber J. Grant. Because of Of the Council of the Twelve

political and economic upheavals it became necessary in 1924 to close it temporarily. In August, 1934, ElCL now jchctpt&L l& bsvunjc ivAiibm. in, JthsL

Fujiwara, a graduateder Takeo of wo)ildwid& adtiviiLQ.&.. x thsL Qhwidc Universitythe Brigham Young

and an enthusiastic and energetic

Church worker, was sent to Japan to assist the small group of Saints in that land. Unfortunately, Elder

Fujiwara died very soon after his arrival in Japan, on January 29, 1935. The Japanese Mission was reopened in February, 1936, this time

with headquarters in Honolulu, Territory of Hawaii, under the presidency of Elder Hilton A. Robertson,

who was the president of the mission when it was closed in 1924.

This mission is today both interesting and promising. Its problems

are unique, but the response to the labors of the missionaries is unexpectedly favorable. Its future looks

bright.

In the early years of the mission, with headquarters in Japan, progTHE KALIHI BRANCH OF THE JAPANESE MISress the faithful workwas SION. THIS of seventeen waii, a small group slow—to REGULAR SUNDAYIS ABOUTSCHOOLONEHALFATTENDANCEOF (NOV.THEers in field at times the discouragingof the Church members 1938.) had been 6,

ly slow. Yet, nothing else was to found and held together through the

be expected. The ingrown traditions efforts of various members of the While he always claimed memberof thousands of years cling persisChurch in Hawaii interested in the ship, there was little opportunity to

tently to the beliefs of a people. spread of the Gospel among the do proselyting for the Church.

The pioneer missionaries to the Japanese. Dr. Tomizo Katsunuma, In 1922, the Gospel was taught

Japanese, and the few lovely souls a student of Brigham Young Colto the Japanese at Laie, the Church who were touched by the Gospel lege and the Utah State Agriculvillage, by the missionary sisters, message and remained true to it, tural College, and the first Japanese notably Jane Jenkins and Elizabeth were much like breakers of the desbaptized into the Church, came, Hyde, who were teaching there.

ert land. From their tillage a blosholding the office of a Priest, to Their efforts led to several converts,

soming garden will yet appear. Honolulu in 1898, when nearly all among them Ochie Matsumoto,

President Robertson found that the meetings in Hawaii were concontinuously active on behalf of the among the 150,000 Japanese in Haducted in the Hawaiian language. Church. About 1923, Sister Martha

Kuroda converted her husband, who has been an earnest Church worker since his baptism. In the same year

Sister Tsune Nachiye, who had PRESIDENT AND cared for the missionaries in Japan,

A. SISTER HILTON

ROBERTSON AND and had come to Honolulu to do

THEIRTW0 DAUGHtemple work, carried on missionary

TERS, CAROLYN work among her Japanese friends.

(LEFT) AND NORIn 1932, Elder Edward L. Clissold,

MA (RIGHT. who had been studying Japanese,

and E. L. Christensen, who had filled

a mission in Japan, and later Mr.

Kay Ikegami of Utah, who had brought his family to Honolulu, suggested the desirability of organizing a Japanese class in the Waikiki

Sunday School.

At length President Castle H.

-: -.'.. *

*>..:::; 3:

SOUTH BERETANIA, MAIN BRANCH OF THE

JAPANESE MISSION. THE WOMAN WITH THE

Murphy of the Hawaiian Mission mission field at her own expense. ARROW"MOTHERON OFHERTHEBREASTMISSION;"IS SISTERBY HERNACHIESIDE

authorized Edward L. Clissold, The mission promises well. BrothDR. T. KATSUNUMA, FIRST JAPANESE CONVERT

President of the Oahu District er Kichitaro ( Kay ) Ikegami, an arTO THE CHURCH.

Council, to organize Japanese classdent supporter of the mission, now es, which were effected and widely in the superintendency of the first a hundred children. It was a thrilladvertised. On Sunday, May 6, Sunday School, was one of the first ing experience to see a hundred Jap1934, twentyeight Japanese memto receive baptism. Thirteen conanese children sing the Primary

bers and friends met in the first verts were added to the Church songs of the Church, and engage in

Sunday School session at the Kalihi membership a few weeks ago. Oththe approved Primary program.

chapel in Honolulu. Later the class ers are being prepared for the saIn addition, a Sacrament meeting

rite formally organized, of baptism. full cred with awas

staff of Japanese. have The classes three The Sunday Schools mainais heldpreachingweekly,meetingafter bundayevery SundaySchool;

then, since continuedbeen with the tained by the mission in Honolulu night; night; A. on Tuesday an M. I.help of Elders Clissold Chrisand meetings almost and cottage everytensen, Elliott, Sister Jessie and night of the week. All these meetothers.

ings are well attended; and the at-

A fter nine months of organization tendancequiet enthusiasmis rapidlyamongincreasing.the con-A

Sister President work by and SISTER TSUNE is felt at gregations the meetings. NACHIE, EIGHTYmissionaries otherRobertson, began THREE, ACTIVE Only recently Simpson's "Mr. arrive, until THE CHURCH ANDIN sixteento today Elders

IN A TEACHER THE the stage put on the Castle"was by sister three missionaries areand SCHOOL, SUNDAY mission, every actor being save one UNTIL DEATH HER in theserving cause Japanese

AGO. the A WEEKS FEW Several Japanese. people hundred Islands. SisterHawaiian Chiye Terazawa of Pasadena stake and ward witnessed the performance which

is the first Japanese to go into the was held in the Watling Junior

High School.

SISTER CHIYE TERAZAWA, BORN All this is in Honolulu, Island of

CITY,AT IDAHO, SUGAR WAS Oahu. Similar work is being organBAPTIZED OF EIGHT AT THE AGE

YEARS, AND NOW SERVES AS A ized at Hilo, Island of Hawaii, and

IN HAWAII. MISSIONARYJAPANESE

at Wailuku, Island of Maui. Thus,

work among the Japanese is being done in the three largest cities of

Hawaii which are also main centers have an average attendance of about of Japanese life.

one hundred each; the regular

Church Sunday School procedure is T-Iawaii is a meeting place of the followed. The songs and the "gems"Orient and the Occident. It has

are rendered both in English and in become a melting pot of thought

Japanese. Five of the regular Sunamong the many races that have

day School classes are conducted. sought its hospitable shores. Old

The teachers are both American and time prejudices have softened or

Japanese. The children are clean, vanished. New visions have come

welldressed, and preserve an orto people bound by ageold tradider that might be the envy of the tions. Notably is this so among

wards of the Church. those of the second and third genTwo Primaries are held weekly, erations on these islands. Indeed,

with a joint attendance of more than (Continued on page 125)

MISSIONARY CHORUS Back row, left to right: Don A. Carlson, Claudell

Johnson, George Evans Holmstead, Reid A. Rosenwall,

Joseph D. Mattson, Derald Johnson.

Front row, left to right: Carl Holm, Allen Lundgren, Clifton Flint, Virginia B. Larson, E. LeRoy

Olson, Don Orton, George F. Swenson.WjfWWfL WJLAJdMWJUSlA,

DfL $w&dsw!du Jsrfwi&JWL <5jctoefi/t.

By GUSTIVE O. LARSON

President of the Swedish Mission

XTOTABLE APPEARANCES AND A WAVE OF FAVORABLE PRESS

COMMENT ARE CURRENTLY REPORTED.

IN STOCKHOLM HALL CONCERT FOUR"Wahl, writer; Pauline Brunius, "FRIENDLY THE WHERE

QUARTET SANG. Theatre manager, were among the

many who appeared. The Morcalled sing again, to mons, upon

in press, the commenting on in the casion, 1938, November, the wildly encored by were comEarly quartet's closing the exnumbers, StockholmsTidningen, Swein their delighted southpany, who finish "It sparkling claimed: a was joined largest newspaper, ern melodies. den's

to a great day."

in the the curione thing piqued the Phillipswith Only Company the quarthe members of While television osity of with reference of a week'spresentation the Swedes tet in accompanist waited and their program in Sweden's capital, and the wings of the Concert Hall, their to these Americans, and that was missionthree the Stockholm times screen manager was delivering a Thanksoftheirwine,politeand choicetheir decliningof watertoinsteaddance, on theary quartet appeared the to giving address SwedishDay large, celebrities especially screen for with songs singto American Club. returned American he When girls. fair the Lucia appearBefore andappreciative audiences. The Hall, to the the Concert he found

left, Brillioth, in editor they Dr. inexperienced four of the youngance singers enterbeing were Mormon chief of with StockholmsTidningen,singers the and program same on rest of the the with tained performers

many of Sweden's leading enterat a midnight supe at the picturesque president of the "Svenska AmeriTellskap,"tainers surprising expressed apprekanska to themwas more old inn in the Skansen, world's ciation to entertainers toselves than the public. the American

largest outdoor There museum. 118) (Concluded page on September, Since the Swedish the of enjoyed they company asL. missionaries S. the D. "AmerFOUR"QUARTET "FRIENDLY WITH THE in talent beloved most Sweden's

LEFT TO RIGHT: FROM ACCOMPANIST: DON Singers"ican been had Harmony informal mood. Persson Edvard A. CARLSON, JOHNSON, VIRGINIA CLAUDELL direction oftraining Virthe under E. L. LeROY OLSON, B. LARSON, JOSEPH AND actors; Jahr, and Adolph Anders De MATTSON. lookginia B. been had Larson and

ing for a place to make their debut.

It was when manager Udell J. Sorenson found the television opening

that the "Friendly Four"stepped forward to represent their missionary organization, and sang so well that one week later StockholmsTidnin- gen, promoter of an annual charity fest at which a "Lucia Queen"is chosen by popular vote, featured them before 2,500 people in the

Concert Hall in a musical honoring the Lucia candidates. On that oc90

"OLD BOYS"

M. A. C

By WILFORD E. SMITH

Of the New Zealand Mission

M. BOYS, A. C. OLD BAY CHAMPIONS, HAWKES'ZeAMAORIS 193S HARDPLAYING OF IN NEW A "tlfHAT TEAM

left right, back row: Reading from to Arthur AGRICULIS S. MAORI PUT THE L. D. DOING TO LAND Everard (Captain); Jackson Walford; Ned Staples;

Hirini Elder Crawford. Smith; W. E. TURAL College—and incidentally the Word of WisSecond row: Jackson; Selwyn Joe Te Ngaio;

Tupuivao; Jack Ponga; William Mataira; Spadie dom—in the limelight. MeafouPoi.

(front) Third Kingi; row: Watene Maehe; Monte

Kingi Jury (viceGreening. Newton; John Thompson

picture captain) this absent were Tori Reid when and taken. Reid, a player "AllBlack"former EarlyMaorimissionariespeople foundamongthemthe WHATTO SAYTHEABOUT"OLD BOYS"KEEPINGHAVE was was

eager to acquire an education, FIT with a broken rib. out

beginning so the very from and School Sunday Crawford, the foundations cement Sid and mark for established schools the eduwere the of Bay President Hawke's the old spot of of the school. Some doesn't mix "Football says: children such District of cation with Maori

success that in 1907 land was purwith tobacco and liquor. I wouldn't old materials are being used in a fine

them."touch chapel, is nearing which comnew chased which Church by the upon needs person says: Tori Reid "A pletion, a yards from hundred few founded the famous Maori was fit well as to to be the school stood. once as to where attain can't football. play Agricultural at Korangata, College faceA lifeman

the three following years For drinks, best his condition he when in Hastings, 1912. teachers The

foods."eats the and wrong colsmokes, earthquake, the blue white and their the Elders were and Mormon Jackson, a nonMormon Everard ors the of absent C. from A. were M. little of wives knowledge foothad father a great who says: was "My fields, playing the the they but and great in ball and player England in local my conditions, spite farming but

not Maoris had them had worn who in his footto follow ambition was thrived, of school handicaps the and play steps. never I could forgotten, I knew stualthough the my been and today C. graduate an A. M. I it I trained, so a can best unless make all scattered dents over been had usually his clean recognized be liquor by to habit tobacco leave and

at heart Zealand, they were New habits and high standing in his alone."

its loyal to the old school and "An observer,"writes the author still community.

article, this "after of watching an ideals. the school soon a center So became this gruelling hour's of play game Finally, in 1933, Broughton D. learning, of and like Maori lasts many easily minutes, ninety can which Edwards, a star had been on who those live pick out the it team on colleges who for gained American fame

the football teams it produced (in the Word of Wisdom."the championship team of 1916, calltogether several A. of the old ed M. is this case, rugby). Zealand New organize students, to C. decided who of sometimes spoken English by the biggest of the province. they two towns which another Maori team Football, as the of and in Dominion on page (Continued 118) college buildings of the The were so

that million of inhabitants, land some that cracked and shaken the governOF COWLEY PRESIDENT THE NEW MATTHEW presnational acquired C. A. the M. MISSION, SISTER COWLEY, AND inspector ment them. ZEALAND condemned PRINCIPAL HODGE, OF FORMER ROBERT tige. as Nepia, Paewai, Such names

M. A. C. WITHP. STUDENTS FORMER GROUP OF Agricultural ended the Maori Thus

HE'D RECENT OF CONFERENCE CHURCH Falwasser, THE Gemmell, Watene, AT

BAY, K0R0NGATA, AT ZEALAND. HAWKES NEW Shortland, and many other M. A. C. College. Today, only broken bricks A

stars are remembered in New Zealand today even as Red Grange in

America. Competing in the difficult

Hawke's Bay District, with young college boys frequently pitted against more experienced teams, the school finally won the championship in 1916, and up to 1931 remained a strong contender for the annual crown.

But it was in 1931 that Hawke's

Bay was stricken by a devastating earthquake which almost completely destroyed Napier and Hastings, the

In the year 1 898 two Mormon missionaries were attracted by the uneven coast line of North Carolina, HARKER'S For miles the main shore was fringed with a long narrow strip of land enclosing what is called Pamlico

Sound. Islands small in size dotted

the sea not far from the mainland. SLAND The missionaries had heard of hardy

fisherman who lived and died on that:

JJvl &t&uf of, JthjL Mhonq. narrowwomen ofstripthe ofislandland.seldomMen cameand

to the main shore. They lived faith, and, aukL coWioc/jl in a world apart. From the mainland in a sail boat piloted by a fisherto the missionaries one came man, off, a, band, of, fjL&hsUinwn, foreislands. of these The early

bears who Iwjl on, an, i&Iand from ofMassachusetts—descendantsthis settlement had come

of some of the first white colonists.

a driven colonists early had Those off. goAoliwiL foa&L the from of the Tuscaroras branch

island and in 1711 the settlers on

By JOHN ROBERT BUSWELL theof MauricemainlandMooreunderdrovethe leadershipthis powOf the East Central States Mission erful Indian tribe out of the state.

In 1712 these Tuscaroras went to<

New York to join the Five Nations.

Manteo, the famous Indian chiefs was born on Harker's Island, but he was a friend to the first settlers and returned to England with the first expedition.

On the extreme end of the island the remnants of a great Indian feasting ground are piled. A stack

of shells estimated to contain over a million bushels are the silent reminders of the happy unmolested

A VIEW OF HARKER'S ISLAND FROM THE day when the red men met and

SMALL OF THE SHOWING ONE SOUND sea PIERS feasted on the choice life. WamLEAVE. BOATS FISHING FROM WHICH THE you happened to be on the money, tomahawks, pum, Indian

IF streets of Beaufort, North Carostone knives, arrowheads, and spear lina, and heard some of the inthere, Captain?"we asked. 'Morheads have been gathered in recent

habitants talk about the honesty of mons,'now you're asking about,"he years. Skeletons of largeboned Insome "Mormons"who live on an said in quaint dialect. "Well, Oi tell dians in full regalia have been

island, you would have been proudyou what's a fact: Oi like those folks. found buried beneath mounds of sea

ly interested. Oi reckon you would sail a mighty shells.

"What, Mormons on Harker's fer piece before you'd barge into as The earliest business transaction

Island?"we asked. "Yes, it seems hardy a settlement of people. Oi took place when an old settler gave

they have quite a following over shall die if Oi don't think so,"he some Indians a sail skiff and 1800 there now,"replied the town grocer. concluded pertly. pounds English sterling for the

"Tell us how they are liked by After spending several months in entire island. After a few years

you merchants in Beaufort?"close association with the islanders, Ebenezer Harker acquired posses-

"Fine, honest, people you'll find I'm inclined to agree with that sion of the isle and December 6, them to be, sir."weatherbeaten old sea captain. THE LATTERDAY SAINT MEETINGHOUSE LOFaithful, sincere Latterday Saints CATED ON HARKER'S ISLAND, BUILT AND DEDIAn old sunbrowned seaman who who fish for a living and who call CATEDWADE INSTANDING1936. BRANCHBETTWEENPRESIDENTTWO OFJASPERTHE

owned a white fishing boat ofthemselves "Mormons"have fought ISLANDERS.

fered to take us across the blue one of the most valiant battles for sound that separates the island from truth and right that Church history the mainland. We accepted his incan furnish. The strength and devitation and during the trip we heard votion of this little band of Saints

the first of the thrilling history of the have been inspiring to see and to island called Harker's. On board we hear about. Hate, greed, malice,

met a stout little man whose face rediscouragement, and violence have sembled dark, tanned leather, pressall played their hand against faith, ed into deep wrinkles. His blue eyes devotion, courage, love, and have

sparkled as he answered our many fought a losing battle. The history

questions concerning the island and of Harker's Island is a miniature of its inhabitants. the earlier general Church persecu-

"What about the 'Mormons'over tion.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

1783, he divided the island among ordered off the island by a mob. The

his three sons. The descendants of Elders, realizing that they could do

these families and those who had nothing against such numbers, apmoved from the mainland were there pealed to President Ben E. Rich, of

when the two missionaries arrived. the Southern States mission for help.

In the midst of a beautiful setting He sent Elder James H. Wallis,

of ancient oaks and tall pines the who was in the South at the time,

Gospel was taught to the islanders. editing The Elders'Journal, as his

A few families received the message personal representative, to Harker's wholeheartedly and they were bapIsland, to take such steps as he found tized in the sound. The Elders, havadvisable. Elder Wallis arrived on

ing stayed their allotted time, had to ELDER MELVIN J. BALLARD AND AUNT the island in the night and was

move on to new fields; however, MARG WILLIS, PIONEER CONVERT AND guarded by friends, armed, during

these families were taught the prinPILLARISLAND. OFSHETHEISCHURCHONE OFONTHOSEHARKER'SWHO his stay there. He held a conference

ciples of the Gospel and they were HAVEPERSECUTIONSENDUREDINCIDENTTHE HARDSHIPSTO THE ESTABAND with the missionaries before going left to govern their lives by these LISHMENT OF THIS BRANCH OF THE to bed, and in the morning met with principles. CHURCH. the members of the Church and the

In 1 900 the Atlantic was churned anger began to gather. Members'Elders. Here he went over the entire

by a violent storm. A powerful houses were chunked with heavy net situation, and announced that it had

tidal wave changed the face of the leads. Windows were broken, boats been decided to remove the Elders

North Carolina coast. These were damaged, threatening letters from the Island, in order to avoid

severe storms and sand invasions were written until the Saints were further illtreatment, and possible disheartened the fishermen on the afraid of their lives. serious results to the missionaries.

banks, five miles from Harker's IsThe crisis came January 16, Hearing this, the Saints wept like land, but not until the tide had in1906. A seemingly friendly family children. The Elders bade them

vaded their cemetery and disturbed invited several families, including goodbye, and with Elder Wallis, left their dead, did they decide to leave the leading Mormons to their the Island that night for the maintheir homes on the narrow strip of home on the eastward end of the land. Elder Wallis the next morning

land that was fast becoming a barisland. Here they held a candy met with the county officials, and

ren waste. Large beautiful trees and pulling. During the evening certain then went to the State Capital at Rathick undergrowth were fast being supposedly friendly men were seen leigh, N. O, to consult the governor

destroyed. Sand suffocated the to go outside and look into the sky. and attorneygeneral, calling upon

gardens and filled wells. ArrangeWhen asked what they were doing these officials to provide protection

ments were made between the fishthey replied that they were anxious for the members of the Church on ermen and the islanders for the for the moon to rise so that they the Island, and bring to justice those homeless to move over to the island. could go home. Not long after these responsible for the outrages perpeThen took place an unusual task of actions one of the sisters, sensing trated and remuneration for the

house moving. Houses were taken something wrong, rushed onto the destruction of property. Many

down in sections and piece by piece porch. There she could see that years the remaining members carried

they were floated across the sound the sky over the center of the island on without help from the mainland.

behind sail boats. On the island the was glowing red. She screamed: Then missionaries again began to

houses were reassembled on plots "They are burning our Church!"appear. Each time the Elders came

of land purchased by the fishermen. The frantic Saints rushed to their a few more islanders were ready for

Church only to find it in hot black baptism. In the past five years the

"Pouring the exodus and a few years ashes. Oil had been used, and not island has had more outside help.

following, the Elders visited the a burnable substance was left. Even More converts have added to the

island. In an atmosphere of peace the sacred Bible lay in white ashes. Church membership.

and harmony whole families acThe Saints returned to their homes cepted the Gospel. The coming heartbroken. One old brother says In 1 936 an attractive little chapel

years promised vigorous growth for that he sat up all night guarding his was completed. Financial aid from

the Church. In 1 904 a building was home. Others barricaded themthe Church made possible the buildstarted by the Saints and before the selves in their houses until morning. ing of the chapel in the center of the

end of the year a small L, D. S. However, when day came their courisle. Oh, the joy in the hearts of

chapel was completed. The memage returned and they decided to those old Saints who had gone

bers were very happy because of the resist, and as the oak roots deeper through the trying years! There

meetinghouse. The women planted after a storm so did the faith of the stands their chapel, surrounded by

flowers along the path. The men little band increase. flower beds, neatly trimmed oaks,

trimmed trees and planted grass. A few months after the Church and evenly cut grass. Membership

However, their happiness was not burning, the home in which the mahas increased until Harker's Island to continue for long. A strange jority of the meetings were held was has become an important part of the

minister arrived on the island. Seeleft unprotected, and when the famEast Central States Mission. The

ing the growing strength of the ily returned they found their home attitude of the islanders toward

Church he began with unholy zeal burned. Persecutions such as these Mormonism has definitely changed.

to undermine and destroy its repuwould have made the strongest On May 25, 1938, forty years aftation. Urged on by a leader whose quake and if it were not for the faith ter the Gospel was brought to the

hatred toward the Mormons seemed the Saints had in their divine backBanks, Elder Melvin J, Ballard set to know no bounds, the islanders being many would have weakened unfoot on this little isle. The joy of

gan persecution. A small band of der the attacks. During these perthe Saints knew no bounds as they

baptized members grew closer tosecutions missionaries were very unshowed him around their island, and gether as the storm of hate and popular. Two missionaries were (Concluded on page 107)

COUNT TOLSTOI AND THE "(fovwhiawL fisdiquml'a former student at cornell relates what happened when a Russian philosopher and statesman asked a great university president concerning the "mormons."

By THOMAS J. YATES

was in 1900 while I was a stuITdent at Cornell University that I Thomas J. Yates, the author of this

article, served as a missionary in attended a public reception honorthe Southern States from 1895 to ing Dr. Andrew D. White, then 1898, traveling without purse or

United States Ambassador to Gerscrip. Shortly after his return to his

left Scipio, for Utah, he home in studentmany. Each was personally TOLSTOI, COUNT A CHARACTER STUDY OF inUniversity, from which IN 1SS2. SKETCHED tointroduced the man who had Cornellstitution in he as graduated 1902 an

served for seventeen years as the electrical engineer. It was during the very little concerning them. They

student a he when was I period reputation, Cornell. they offirst president an unsavory at have When

that interesting Cornell the he had practice as from polygamy, announced and are very Mr. Yateswas is related, here experience which

Utah, Dr. White asked if I were a superstitious."

Mormon. When I replied in the afThen Count Leo Tolstoi, in his

like stern, lovable,firmative, to said see but he honest manand he would things other that taught every man appointagain. ner, the "Dr. ambassador. Accordingly, an rebukedme the earth should wrest from enough surprised the greatly for following and White,ment was made I am family, to himself food keep and was that of disappointed your a evening. manSunday fields in the for out plowing, he

position learning should great of undays a followed and few There practised preached. he what When this subimportant ignorant couldeasiness be so on on What my part. him, Tolstoi long stopped he saw the ject. teach to people president see formerthe me want Mormon The for greeting, a then enough and

I principles religion; their a just Americanabout, because was Morcharacteristic stated frankness: with

of only the not things people teach unkind Heaven True,mon? many

if today, but very busy you "I am to glories, its at but attendant said of the and being how Mormonswere

I to beside walk am me while in wish their live that social economic so time, surely standing andthat but my I shall talk to pleased plowing, be placed relations are other each with questioned not beCornell would with you."fol- I If basis. the people of a sound on becausemerely a member was the two walked and up men As of teachings Church, the thankful indeed lowthat Church. I was

field, the discussed they many down stop their can nothing college to I hadthat coming before thisprogress—it subjects, these, religion. and among limitless. in will been have There missionary be as a years threespent

Tolstoi, said White,""Dr. Count in I the past started great movements States, hadthe where Southern

tell "I your wish would you me about modified died been or but they bitter have opposition, whereoften met religion."I American If maturity. before reached they schooling received thorough ahad in state church no have "We is to unendure, able principles Mormonismin the of the Gospel and

replied Dr. White. America,"

unfaltering testimony of its truthan that, but what "I knowfulness. about your andmodified,fourthuntilgeneration,it reachesit is thedestinedthird

American religion?"to become the greatest power the Sunday came, and at five o'clock

I was ushered into the study of Dr. Patiently then Dr. White exworld has ever known."

White. Strangely enough, I learned plained to the Count that in AmerIt was out of this discussion with

that the invitation had grown out of ica there are many religions, and that Count Tolstoi that the desire grew a resolution formed several years each person is free to belong to the on the part of Dr. White to learn

before in Russia, where, in 1892, he particular church in which he is inmore about Mormonism. Far into

had served as U. S. Foreign Minterested. the night I had the privilege of exister. To this Tolstoi impatiently replaining the principles of the Gospel

It was while there that he had beplied: "I know all of this, but I to this great doctor, and on several

come acquainted with Count Leo want to know about the American later occasions he invited me to his

Tolstoi, the great Russian author, religion. Catholicism originated in study to explain Mormonism further.

statesman, and philosopher. A warm Rome; the Episcopal Church origBefore leaving Cornell I thought

friendship existed between the two inated in England; the Lutheran it would be well to place some of our

men, and Dr. White often visited Church in Germany, but the Church Church books in the library, but to

Count Tolstoi, who had very deto which I refer originated in Amermy astonishment I found them alcided views about certain social and ica, and is commonly known as the ready there—not only the standard

economic problems. Mormon Church. What can you works, but many other books and

On one occasion when Dr. White tell me of the teachings of the Morpamphlets. Upon investigation I

called on Count Tolstoi he was inmons?"discovered that they had been conformed that the Count, who among "Well,"said Dr. White, "I know tributed by Dr. Andrew D. White.

I BUILT TWO FIRES THREE TREASURE CHESTS DISILLUSIONMENT

By Carmen Malone By Estelle Webb Thomas By Clarence Edwin Flynn three chests Life, treasure of House my chill fires within the to thaw two built IN is disillusion a comes; day when soul's the of THERE wealth poswhich Hold myI breast, my fades, perishes the grace aura and The sessed.

to the give struck blindly match myAnd flags Imagination drums, with brought and first there the haunting with comes From a mounds test—settles into wonder commonplace. And pain

first the redly toward flamed upwardThe is satisfied the to heart more dream No fragrance of again. tender youth The

I sky, and that things been, or might yet have might Of jewelled are chain, golden There days on a it tears bitter to see quickly dim andWept be. child's in that dwells glad a magic The

die. It clings the fading longer to no beam world;

I it the used brands because wereWas unreality. specious any Of in silver rain There's a atune a robin

light, porous, still love's unfurled. mystery, young And

I set suffer to so should worldThat my it that befalls against Prepare day. When rose forgetme-not faded Under and

a-right? truth's built of firm house your rugHave tarnished star of gleams, Ambition The

gedness. is all the film stardust over And I fires laid patient with of secondThe my feet fragile about your dream's when Then illusions youth's perfect dreams. and Of care, walls

gentle it into flame but without coaxedAnd filled will is Crumble, shelterless. you the of with next not be found things The Now, flare;

all brings to facts figures That day glamorplans, woe and hopes and men With and steadily burningIt soon very and was snared, the faith, of shining love armor With and bright, greater But only the to peace dear, prepared. duty's unyielding bands. And the sweetest trembling with of I wasAnd heart clearer wiser a a head and With delight

gifts Life dead. lay gave The when Youth

I firm strong! brands and wereThese

wiped away my tears But the third still stands with unbroken seal, DISCONTENT IS A SMALL GRAY

And set to work to keep them burning That none may break but the hand of age, MOUSE the message it one through the years. And day shall reveal By Betty Frazee Moses Is yet a secret and unread page;

that the treasures grant there garnered God is a small [""Vscontent PIERROT'S gray mouse LAMENT effort Be worth pain and and prayer! *- in holes Gnawing snug my heart's

Edgar Daniel Kramer By.——the m house;

Although it is unmanly, YOU She crept in while commonsense caterwauling fence, high Doubt's on Was settled seems to stay. to have Luacine Clark Fox And down WhenI knowNightthatwalksI shallin theweepgarden, By

lake amethyst; was How shall I chase the thing away? And folks are fast asleep. The

coral... sky The was

Although folks are remarking The sky was lavish with rainbow banners, She's built a nest in Conceit's high hat.

My jesting and my glee, And you were silhouetted against the magCompletely riddled Contentment's mat,

I shall weep in the shadows nitude of nature's pen And all night long from Memory's shelf

That hide the lilac tree. And in your flawless individuality. The greedy creature helps herself.

it all to put shame. You

lips are Although singing, my Isn't it strange the very day is sad, of dreams My heart to decided away, You go

I lass of laughter Because my HAVE WOULD CLOSED MY heart's She invaded house, snug my lad. kissed another Has constantly This small gnawing, gray mouse? WINDOW

MAGIC By Jean McCaleb By Hortense Roberta Roberts *T wouldBut a haveyoung,closedyoungmy window,moon peered ON BEING DEAF

MET in a crowded public place; through By Arthur Leisman

full smiles youth us, And on whenWE spoke no unaccustomed word We friend, old to must heart wish an know, do? What apmy why I for the passersbyNothing which YOU

pear turn, us, or watch heard. if they Would I Could closed have window, my

life; Contented silent with my silvered laughed hope through? When all again, onceYet unbidden, and I to think, seem hear, because You cannot rides romance with spendthrift joy, When not could see, Something or touch we ship has strife. uneven known My hearts old hasten, too? MustFragile laughtergiven, and sweet and

Had risen between you and me. It's true that I encounter shoals of woe,

And stormy nights give me a chill;

LOST MELODY But oh, the wondrous sailing to and fro

And divers sights that bring a thrill!

By Elaine Little the I miss salty tide, at yarns evening stirred in my heart Something surf, of song the The wail, north wind's your I saw When first life still face, But sans sound, see, you does not divine, of music Memories hide in Like chimes a holy place; The loveliness of foam and sail. |

Cadence fulltoned and sweet A haunting symphony Oh, there are times when blown outside the

Then muted and incomplete, lane,

Like a longlost harmony. I pine for sounds of days gone by,

Perhaps in some far world Like one who, when his worldly pleasures

The melody sounded clear; wane,

Perhaps your face and the music Craves cleaner joys, not knowing why.

Were both familiar and dear.

All true things reappear And yet indeed I do not rue my fate,

In God's eternal way For thouqh I sail a silent sea, heaven very near And was My looked eyes As I in your that day. Wholist'ninghears soulfor meis everthe soundsmy firstthatmatebe.,

fcdii&iiaL family, of husband, wife, and children. The loyal

ojyaIii: UJhaL It i,—muL man prefers to idealize his officers; he knows that

bless himself. is to does He

delay What it lSl. not thusnot findto supportfault, northemdoes he works. his good

'T'he world is calling for loyal men. They alone He knows that in the Church of Christ there is

can solve humanity's problems. rotation in office, and that he may some day be

Loyalty follows acceptance of a worthy cause, called to service. Then, he may claim from others

one founded in truth and which includes the unthe loyalty that he gave and gives his superiors changing ideals that survive mortal life. Allegiance in office.

to an unworthy cause cannot properly be called The effects of loyalty are soon evident. The

loyalty. Support of a thief or a liar, however vigcause is advanced; strength and power are given

orous, is the negative of loyalty. Loyalty accepts it; lives are linked into common action; society is

all virtues, all truth, and rejects all evil, all untruth; unified. The loyal man, whose life is bound up

loyalty is the best measure of the fitness of man or with the eternal cause of God, enters the house of nation to serve mankind or to survive. truth, and finds his way to success and joy, both in

Such loyalty is born of man's intelligence and temporal and spiritual fields. He grows in power

reason. It represents his soul's strivings, his inner throughout his life. Like Moses, he may, as it were,

face to face. God his convictions, best in him. see highest ideals—the increasing loyal devotion to the Lord, An to not loyalty. or church is a party Mere adherence

It is full, selfless allegiance, on the basis of worthithrough His Church, to our fellow men of every ness, to a man, a principle, a cause or a standard of nation, to the inspired foundations of the land in life. It represents a man's inward nobility. which we live, and to the honest daily toil imposed

Loyalty transcends emotion. Therefore, it is upon every man, may yet convert swords into

continuous, sustained, and independent. It is pracplowshares and spears into pruning hooks. The

ticed on weekdays as on Sundays, is not diminished objective of loyalty is peace, not war; truth, not

at election time, refuses to be swayed by the shoutuntruth, in the hearts of men and among nations.

ing crowd, and yields not to the blandishments of Latterday Saints, commissioned with the truth and the selfseeker. It is as a steady light, which does authority of the Gospel, should and must lead the

not flicker and burn out. It is trustworthy. world in true loyalty.—/. A. W.

Loyalty manifests itself in the everyday deeds of men. It is essentially practical. The loyal man,

whatever his place, does his appointed task without JhsL J>D1}A, & 3ti$SL jealousy of others. He strives to perform every

task to the satisfaction of all concerned. He works "Pach of us should pause from time to time to

for his employers with a will. He does his work contemplate as we enter the stage on which we

"in the hour thereof."Today's need becomes a must play our roles. Although in many respects

command upon the loyal man. our stage is set for us, to those truly great souls,

A cause to command loyalty must be larger than the bad features of their stage settings have been the interests of oneself. It must include the welfare merely stimuli to alter them. Lincoln, who read by

of others. Loyalty places social welfare before candlelight and wrote on a wooden shovel, neverpersonal desire. The widow and the fatherless theless set his own stage in so noble a manner that

become the concern of the loyal man. He who his name is synonymous with liberation.

loses his life in the cause of others shall find it. We can help in the selection of the cast of charThe lifetask of the loyal man is to realize the acters. Early in life, we have some of the charhigh ideals of the cause to which he is committed, acters chosen for us, and it is our duty to team with

for loyalty must be active. He surrenders to the those among whom we are cast. As we grow older,

cause, accepts it wholeheartedly, is devoted to it, we select those who will play the leading roles lives it, and works for it. He strives to conform to in the drama of our lives. The choice of our friends,

every requirement of the cause. He does not our companions, reflects what capabilities we ourquibble about the obligations placed upon him. He selves possess and what we can become.

does his required daily work with joy. He is faithWe can plot the action of our plays. We can

ful to the whole cause, not merely to parts of it. arrange the scenes and acts in a series of climaxes

The highest ideals, every good thing, the fulness which will move steadily and surely to one grand of truth are embodied in the Gospel of the Lord finale, on which the curtain is rung down. There

Jesus Christ. The Church of Christ, earthly cuscan be no curtain calls, but we can leave with

todian of the Gospel, is the best cause on earth, for those who supported us in the cast and those who it encompasses every other good cause to which observed our play a sense of the fitness of our men may give their loyalty. He who is truly loyal dramas which will be lasting and beneficial.

to the Church of Christ is loyal to all worthy moveWhen we have thought these things through ments. No cause can safely be placed before that carefully in the foyer, we must enter wholeheartof the Church. That has been forgotten too often, edly into the activity of our living drama. Someto the world's sorrow. times we may miss our cues; sometimes the lines

Real loyalty shows itself best in the support may be hard to interpret; sometimes the action may

of officers—within the Church, of the bishop and seem impossible to complete. But always we know

other ward officers, of the stake president and his that the Prompter is there to aid us through the associates, of President Grant and the corps of seemingly impossible and that with His help we can

General Authorities; within the state and nation of complete our parts and perform our roles conall who are duly commissioned to act; within the vincingly. M. C. /.

IfflmOti

DR. MERRILL IS CHURCH President Heber J. Grant heads the ing in donations of cash, produce and

OF THE AIR SPEAKER committee appointed by Governor other articles which were converted "P\r. Joseph F. Merrill of the CounBlood of Utah to nominate the sculpinto cash, a total of $454.04. This

cil of the Twelve was the speaker tor and make recommendations for the amount was given to the respective on a nationwide Church of the Air proposed monument. missionaries before leaving for the

field. also mission There donated was service, 1, 1939. radio Sunday, January CALIFORNIA SOUTHERN

to at missionaries, temple Christmas originating broadcast, withThe KSL BISHOPS'OPENS CENTRAL time, $55.00 members. by ward in City, the in Salt Tabernacle Lake STOREHOUSE

the presented nationwide through was to InterBUILDING the California According WELFARE NEW facilities the of Broadcasting Columbia "LAID CORNERSTONE biweekly mountain news News, choir proTabernacle System. The

circulated organ of the Church among Church Welfare memObjectives the music, with vided Spencer Corn- J.

in bers California, southern preparareiterated program were January wall, Stephens, conductor; M. Wade tions in well under were 4, Decemway Presiding 1939, when Bishop Le organist, L. anEvans, and Richard

first for ber the opening centralof the Richards, appropriate amid Grande Merrill nouncerproducer. spoke Dr.

on "Christianity and Presentday Ills."izedBishopBishops'B. J. PeacockStorehouseis inactingCalifornia.chairGeneralceremoniesAuthorities,attended bylaid manythe cornerof the

RUFUS K. HARDY TO VISIT man and manager of the project, which stone of the Administration Building at

TAHITIAN MISSION will be housed in the old California the Central Storehouse Building ProThLDER Rufus K. Hardy of the First Mission home at 153 West Adams ject in Salt Lake. A copper box con-

*# Council of the Seventy will make Street, Los Angeles. This newest unit taining photographs and records of the

his second trip within a year to the in the Welfare Plan in southern CaliChurch Welfare program was sealed isles of the Pacific when he visits the fornia will serve the five stakes of Paswithin the stone. Speakers were PresTahitian Mission to conduct a conferadena, Los Angeles, Hollywood, Long ident Heber J. Grant; Robert L. Judd,

ence some time in April. Elder Hardy Beach, and San Bernardino. vicechairman of the general committee; last C. Knowlton, of the chairman returned Ezra a tour of from summer

Salt five Regional Pacific other committee; missions Lake C. Ocean M. in NEWCHAPELGLENDALEDEDICATEDWARD Brown, of the general Albert with Elder a member Georgecompany comIVflORE than one thousand people atmittee, visit offered present the invocation. will includeSmith. His new The

the Tuamotu Islands, where the Gostended the dedicatory services of $80,000 structure will serve as headpel was first preached to Polynesian the Glendale Ward chapel on January quarters for the $150,000 construction

President 15, at which Heber J. Grant project, nearing completion,peoples by Mormon missionaries. now which

officiated. will also serve new hall The practically occupies an entire 10acre

CHURCH EMPLOYMENT as conference quarters for the Pasacity block served by railroad spurs.BUREAU CREATED dena Stake.

A ll employment activities conducted Sunday, December 4, 1938

President MISSIONARIES dedicated Rudger Clawson WARD in TROPIC the ofy by organizations Church $454.00 IN the chapel in RECEIVE the Salem PalmyWard, region, the Salt conbeen Lake have

ra Stake. DONATIONS officesolidated to into one be known

as the Church Employment Bureau. An outstanding fete was accomplishSunday, December 11, 1938 "ed by the 500 members of the Francis M. Lee was ordained bishopThe office, under the direction of William Smart and Eva Darger, is located Tropic Ward, for which they should of the West Seattle Ward, Seattle

at 50 North Main Street in Salt Lake be commended, according to the report Stake, succeeding Wilfred L. Hickison.

City. Church groups, institutions, and of Bishop Samuel Pollock. The bishopTuesday, December 13, 1938

individuals in need of employees are ric and auxiliary organizations sponDr. John A. Widtsoe returned from

asked to make requisition on this ofsored three missionary farewell parties an extensive visit to the Hawaiian fice, and are also requested to refer during the month of December, receiv- {Concluded on page 100) applicants for employment to the bureau for registration.

SCULPTOR FOR PIONEER MONUMENT NAMED KAahonri M. Young, sculptor of the

famed Sea Gull monument, has been selected to execute a proposed $250,000 monument at the mouth of

Emigration Canyon in Salt Lake City.

Mr. Young, a grandson of Brigham

Young and now in his 62nd year, submitted as his design a model which MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME represents the work of 25 years of ARRIVED JANUARY 3, 1939—DEPARTED JANUARY 12, 1939

study and planning. The historic mePeterson,Left Dorato right,Call, firstGenevarow:Hornherger,John Laudie,Russell RaymondH. Boss, Wright,Dee Clayhurn,WilfordMauriceBruderer,Buttars.Kathryn Finlayson, Melvin

morial plans include a central granite Second row: President Don B. Colton, Elmer Smart, Elma Holley, Vila Olsen, Paloina Martineau, Audrie

Mrs. McCashland, Ervin Dalton, Grace Walton, Emerson Kennington.shaft to figbe surmounted heroic by Third Litchfield, row: James Eugene Myers, George T. Cox, Glen Trottier, June Andrew, Angie Mace,ures of the three leaders, pioneer BrigPassey, Delight Gardner, Dean Malin Cox, Preston Marchant.

ham Young, Heber C. Kimball, and Nielsen,FourthMax row:Warr, MaxDel White,Mar Arnell.Max Bergeson, Allridge Evans, Merrill Borg, Max Rogers, Jay Howell, Hans

Wilford Woodruff. Smaller flanking Fifth row: Dean Orchard, Homer Birdsall, James Kesler, Isaac Holt, Ward Hicken, Asael M. Buttars,

Jarvis Peterson, Richard West, B. Jardine. Claude Hyrum Smith,shafts will perpetuate the early history

Sixth row: Deal, Edwin Eldon Hebdon, Rigby, Alma La Mont Leavitt, Howard B. Cottrell, Len Wallace, valleyof the of those explorers Olsen, Williams, Keith Gunderson. Thomas who Herbert

row: Robert Sweeten, Glen Hawkes, 0. Ned Kirkham, Porter May, Spencer Black, Cardon Klingler, thepreceded colonists. Mormon

Taylor, BasDonaldSeventh Ericksen, Jolley, Jarben Vaughan Blake. Lawrence

reliefs will portray other notable events. Eighth row: Willis Frank Taylor. Adams,

.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

MYSELF Anonymous

desire, major no matter who are, is essentially to achieve Ourwe one thing: peace of mind and

security. Where is this fashioned and

who holds life's key? Is it within our

grasp?

Behold! It is ours for the taking,

for it is within us. It is the only possession that came with us, with which

we can create, or that we can be sure of taking with us to the very end. It

is our great gift from God. We can

let Him guide us spiritually and mentally and return His gift magnified because of our stewardship, or we can throw it carelessly away.

What then is this thing that makes us master of our fate? It is our special

aptitude, skill, or the peculiar creative

Some folks think Ghirardelli's Ground ability of each of us. Where these

Chocolate is simply a mixture of cocoa things go hand in hand with high amand sugar. Not at all! It is a skillful bition, intelligence, humility, and inblend of chocolate, cocoa and sugar.. tegrity, we are fortified against the

with flavor and body to give it richness world. We require nothing more, for

and with just enough fat to be easily we have something with which to carve digested. Takes but a minute to make! out our existence. It is a gift to bring

us joy, a strength that casts out despair.

It is thrilling to know that this tool GHIR cannot be taken from us except by our refusal to use it, and that we may convert our gift into a potent weapon of

it, strength. realizathe use we When MILK WHITE EGGS

is tion that possession a born have we quality Milk White Eggs are of one fears, scoffs at danovercomes which gers, and illuminates our pathway. only—the best! The Utah Poultry

Producers Cooperative AssociaClX=XX=><X=X><<>e=X>c<X><X=><X=><>c=XX=x>c=><XO However, in order to know peace tion's high standard grading rewe must keep our purposes identified quirements passed must by be the Giver. with guidance The we

it to your goes every egg before obtainable need is only from on Him

I high, and without this shelter from the grocers. That's why, when you seFREE! vicissitudes of living we cannot realize lect Milk White Eggs, you know

the greater value of our gift. It is the they're good! Insist on this brand GARDEN BOOK; constant spiritual contact that inspires the next time you shop.5 READY NOW f us to choose our courses wisely and

full is concisely with written This u book It is to heart. brings the Q which peace

of illustrations. inforcolor brimful Just 5 y in spiritual the of the that presence we planter. to motion describes H every Q

in Flower,It worthwhile vitaland Vegenew to the es- X the contemplate and come know ft table well Roses, as as Seeds and Farm living. sence of fact In Trees. ShrubsQv and v

GARDEN VALUABLE Ify A MOST the sought guided we have GUIDE Qjr for your Free Send CopyX life. the best of found have we path,We

face courage. with each have day We CO. t PORTERWALTONJ Nursery o Seed and of sense equilibrium, a a composureX

CITY, SALT LAKEE SpecialistsUTAH life's POULTRY PRODUCERS UTAH y to problems. with meet which Our

><=>< x=x.xzxQ xxxx=x ><=xx<x=xx=x>o;X=XX=XQ staffs erect in the us face of the keep COOPERATIVE ASSOCIATION ADVENTURE greatest are dangers, our backs and

By Huntington Mack steeled for the unexpected. In other

TONIGHT the sunset words, we are capable of partaking of REMEMBRANCE Was so breathlessly beautiful life as it comes to us. We will also By Hazel Daugherty

1 followed it up a valley find that we have gained a kindness of

And over a little hill. heart which comes from traveling the I've filled my life with empty things,

bits of glass strings. of sharing truth colored with others. This and With the playful darkness roadThen

I useless things thousand do fully the only A understand: we should upCaught with me

of you. thoughts myself keep from To for security soft and hope can held over a hand weAnd my eyes peace

trees o'er dusted pine But with snow, hid. sunset theWhile ourselves within must be developed

firelight's old, friend, old or glow, An material the with each from which raw in theThe man moon skies in eastern hung low moon

In of of A us has each endowed. been hill the overPeeped and laughed, it rise. Together, once saw we

But three little stars were kind us has been implanted the seeds which In these dear things you live again,

And pointed the way back home. must be cultivated and allowed to grow. How can I see them without pain?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

COOKING SCHOOLS BEING

CONDUCTED A real opportunity is being afgirls forded young and women cassgmu msms like those would and who also men to attend—to learn all about how

it's done. The services of Barbara

Badger Burnett, leading cooking expert who has had years of experience as a demonstrator, have been arranged for by the Mutual

Improvement Associations and the

Improvement Era to conduct cooking schools in the stakes of the Salt

Lake region. This is an exceptional chance for young girls and womseasonable find and new en to

the to serve dishes and best way the THRIFTY to purchase for home cooking.

These schools will offer fundain cooking enjoyably and mentals way to a invitingly.

Gather your friends and neighbors and make an engagement to attend the cooking school when it Man's Heart!

is scheduled in your locality. Two

demonstrations will be held in each afternoon stake, one in the of in the evening the day assigned. and one IFance—andyou want toyetsaveservemoneydelicious,on your foodnourishingallowThe dates already chosen are as meals—get acquainted with GLOBE "Al"

follows: Macaroni, Spaghetti and Noodles. Plan to serve

Highland Stake, Lincoln Ward, at least one casserole meal a week.

Thurs., Feb. 23.

Liberty Stake, place and day to The extra richness and nourishment in Globe be chosen in March. "Al"Spaghetti, Macaroni and Noodles make

Granite Stake, Lincoln Ward, your casserole dishes more tasty, more satisfyThurs., April 13. ing. That's because Globe "Al"paste products

selected, not place Bonneville, select Semolina, from made Durum are 100% 17. Wed., May flavor, firm the finer tenderthe Notice Thurs., Wheat. Wells Stake, Ward, Wells

"controlled exclusive "Al". ness of Globe An 15. June

As other stakes make their ardrying"process is the secret. Ask your grocer

rangements, the dates and places for Globe "Al"Spaghetti, Macaroni and Noodles will be published and will be—the brand that thousands of women have found

broadcast over Radio Station KSL. to be the BEST.

Try this easy recipe for AMERICA'S TEN LEADING WOMEN SPAGHETTIFIESTA oz.) Spaghetti (6 "Al"package Globe i/2 of 1938 inoutstanding womenHpEN tomato sauce buttered 1 can crumbs E. 1 cup Utahn, Florence A elude a former

1 lb. pork small sausages

Allen, judge of the Sixth Circuit Court for in boiling, salted spaghetti 20 water Cook "first is theof womwho Appeals—and

it of salted the part reserve drain minutes; and a for as candidate a mentioned everan

is saucooking, spaghetti water. While brown States Court Supremethe United

1 frying in pan, dry crumbs bread mix sages cup

Teachers'bench;"Jean Broadhurst, the tobutter, melted and heat with V4 CUP f University,College, Columbia in half spaghetti sauce. Place the cooked bacterimato

ologist who was the "first to use ni- a buttered baking dish, cover it with a layer of grosin to make measles inclusion the sausages and pour over this, half the tomato bodies visible;"Pearl Buck, first Amersauce. Spread remaining spaghetti over saurest then pour sauce, of tomato add on to be Nobel sages, awarded theican woman

of to the salted reserve almost enough water in literature; Cochran,prize Jacqueline the the spaghetti. buttered cover Spread crumbs

aviatrix who won the 1938 Bendix airthickly over the top and place in poet, race; Noll Crowell,plane Grace hot 20 min-. --—a -—about oven—400

- as the motherchosen utes "American until crumbs are brown 'or of rjjgggr2** 1938;"actress; Alice Hayes, Helen

Marble, winner of the tennis championship in the United States; Eleanor M.

Patterson, the only publisher and editorof a metropolitan daily; Kate Smith, nm! 'Alradio star; Julia C. Stimson, first woman

to be given the rank of major in the

United States Army and president of the American Nurses Association.These women were chosen by DurSPAGHETTI

ward Howes, editor of American

Women, which is "the nation's official feminine Who's Who."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Concluded from page 97) Islands. While there, he dedicated a

meetinghouse on the island of Molokai and a recreation hall on the island of ARCHITECT'S SKETCH

Hawaii, attended Oahu Stake ConferOF CHURCH EXHIBIT ence, visited the temple at Laie and AT SAN FRANCISCO attended other functions. There are, EXPOSITION, BY HENDr. Widtsoe reports about 10,000 RY FETZER.

Church members on the islands. Mrs.

Widtsoe accompanied Dr. Widtsoe on

the trip.

Thursday, December 15, 1938 Elder Charles A. Callis returned

from a tour of the Southern States

Mission, where he presided for more than 25 years. He held 24 public

meetings and delivered two radio addresses, dedicated two chapels, one in

Bristol, Florida, and another in Fort the of Stake, Alameda Oakland Ward, Florida. reportsLauderdale, that He A. L. U. C. Campus was Westwood with and Winkle George Thys H. missionaries are doingthe a good President 13 dedicated January by counselors. Pinckney, in the missions.work services as part of Grant Heber com- J.

Sunday, December 18, 1938 THE CHURCH AT THE WORLD memorating the 7th anniversary of the

Succeeding Charles C. Carr, Reed FAIRS IN SAN FRANCISCO founding of the Deseret Club at the uni-H. Chase was appointed bishop of the AND NEW YORK versity. Lloyd C. Pack, Phyllis Hurst,

SecreExecutive Evans, C. Stake, withClaremont Oakland Ward, of metropolis the the Thomas East the Tn and

the of tary Adeline Conference, Guen- A SeldonA. and Richard Millward W. of the focal 1939 Gateway West, ther, assistant, his Dr. A. Widtsoe John counselors.Owens, interest, points of millions world from of Commissioner Educaand Church

will America abroad influenced be and tion Franklin speakers. Dr. were 20,Tuesday, West 1938 December

in or one another the by way World Religious University Conference of Elder The Tabiona, Jones Byron Don exhibits. Fairs their and of representatives of is composed the County, missionary Utah,Duchesne a

it Francisco, At San occupies where Protestant, Catholic, Jewish,in and States MorMission, died at the Western

Denver, Colorado. the center area in the spacious Homes mon faiths, united in spreading good

and Gardens Building, the L. D. S. will among the various denominations.

Friday, December 23, 1938 Church exhibit will feature the same attractions tourists which draw S. Howells, Rulon presided who has to TemCHURCH COMMITTEE OF in Salt Square Lake: a miniature for the Brazilian the past pleover Missionthree years, reported his return home. replica of the Tabernacle, equipped CORRELATION AND COwith of seating an organ and capable ORDINATION APPOINTED succeeding Jensen, Wendell M. Leo fifty is people, constructed, being and Crandall, sustainedH. as bishop was has brought HPhe First Presidency will furnish the vehicle for the main

development of the "Temple Square"into existence by recent appointtheme. Organ recitals, illustrated lecment a Church committee of Correlatures, and distribution of specially pretion and Coordination, whose charge it

pared literature will mark each day's will be to define, to simplify, to inprogram. The San Francisco Expositensify, and to correlate the work of

tion opens February 18. the various Church auxiliary and eduAlthough the New York World Fair, cational organizations and to lay down

in keeping with its plan to have only a within broad general lines the work of general religious exhibit, will have no each group within its own field, taking

Churchsponsored representation, the into consideration the particular needs

State of Utah unit will include a promiin the various sections of the Church, nent 23 x 12foot diorama of Temple and taking into consideration that the

Square. The display will be ready for primary function of all Church activity

the New York opening on April 30. is to build faith in the Lord Jesus Christ

and an understanding of and devotion

RELIGIOUS CONFERENCE to Membersthe Gospel.of the new committee inBUILDING DEDICATED clude: Joseph Fielding Smith; Stephen

A newly completed wing of the Reli- L Richards, and Albert E. Bowen of

gious Conference Building on the the Council of the Twelve; Samuel O.

Bennion, First Council of Seventy; all

three members of the Presiding BishMISSION HEADQUARTERS, CALIFORNIA NEW opric; of the Dr. Franklin L. West

SO. CALIF. BLVD., LOS ANGELES, H0BART 2067

Louise Y. of Education; Department beMission Old SpanishAmerican Top: Home

fore it was remodeled. Harold W. Burton, architect Robison of the Relief Society; George

designed who the transformation, is seen standing D. Pyper of the Sunday School; George picture. in the

Center: The remodeled exterior: Offices on lower Q. Morris of the Y. M. M. I. A.; Lucy

floor, extreme windows; mission G. Cannon of the Y. W. M. I. A.; president's apartmentleft—shutteredabove office.

Lower: Interior, showing living room, with May Anderson of the Primary Assopresident's dining to archway room through left. ciation. Joseph Fielding Smith will also living center, archway, is seen stairway to Through

quarters on second floor. represent the Genealogical Society.

LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH, SIXTH period in the history of the Church. It is

PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH OF a tale of faith, of conquest over untoward

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERconditions, of frontier life, and pioneer

DAY SAINTS courage. It stirs the blood to follow the-

(Compiled by Joseph Fielding Smith history of The Mormon Colonies in Mex-- of the Council of the Twelve, Deseret ico. The chapter, "Thrilling Experiences,"

Book Company, 1938. 490 pages. $2.50.) contains stories that yet will be retold in.

Saints. of the the households

F. greatwas Smith JosephPresident of the HisBolton, head Herbert E. Dr. his people. well ly of beloved And of Calithe of tory University Department to the end be.he might boyhood From

fornia, writes a Foreword, commendatory life the hisof Latterday served he is. thing saying, closes which by "One the In correctedSaints. he kindness

in this plain the book, from Mormonsevil the in led people doer; he wisdom

sterling the same have Mexico showninto he with prosperous courage ways;

colonthe that qualities great them made battles forfought the Church. was He Interior the izers the Basin of of United great the of father a people.as

States."life this of of the great story The

It: is altogether a book. good Thisleader greater written "a man, and by

all libraries proof in the found should be is father,"of a worthyworthy son welgressive Latterday A. W. the of Saints.—/. memberscomed Church by

everywhere. JOSEPH F. SMITH (LEFT) WHOSE BIOGRAPHY

COMPILED HAS AND RELEASED BEEN RECENTLY AMERICA MY the Beginning ancestry of with the FIELDHIS SON, JOSEPH BY FROM THE PRESS and Brothers, Harper (Louis Adamic, tells the theSmiths, notable events book (RIGHT). ING SMITH 1938. $3.75.) 662 pages. York, Newin the life President his of F. Smith; Joseph

tender years in Nauvoo; the boyhood crosstold by one who was present. The devoted ALIEN who came to our shores, reing of the plains; the early struggles in "the labors and struggles of the host of valiant ANvisited his own country and returned'

valley;"the mission in Hawaii of the fifteenworkers for the Latterday cause are reto America, Louis Adamic is someone who

yearold boy; participation in the Echo lated simply, unaffectedly, as the pages of knows whereof he speaks. He uses as the

Canyon campaign; the missions to England, the book are turned. One who reads this theme for his book, a line from Gerald

Hawaii, and England again; labors in the book will have a closer understanding of Stanley Lee's Crowds:

Historian's office and the Endowment the manner of life of the Latterday Saints, "America is a tune. It must be sung toHouse; the later distinguished service as a and of the forces that have driven the gether."

member of the Council of Twelve, then of Church onward, as well as of the results The author analyzes America from its.

the First Presidency, and last the President that have flowed from the efforts of the many angles as related to his own life of the Church. It is a story of a noble life. "Mormon"people. between the years 1928 and 1938. The

Every page of the book breathes faith and In his chosen field the historian, Andrew division titled "Ellis Island and Plymouth love and courage. Jenson, has rendered great service to his Rock"is especially good and should be

The volume is laid down with a sigh: people. He has labored faithfully and well. conducive of a greater desire to understand

What a gift to humanity; what an example It is a matter of congratulation to him and those immigrants who came to America,

for all to follow! to us that he has added to his many books seeking what she offered freely when this,

Our thanks to Elder Joseph Fielding this human, selfrevealing, instructive docucountry was first settled.

Smith for producing this life of his father ment, his autobiography. It is to be hoped The book is a masterly production and

for the instruction the edification of the and to underbe read wish by all who that it will be widely read. J. A. W. should

itsChurch. read widely and May it be of today. stand America C. /. M. lessons cherished among the Latterday THE MORMON COLONIES

IN MEXICO of thepeople A W. DANUBE FLOWS THROUGH Lord.—J. Ph. D., THE (Thomas Cottam Romney, FASCISM 1938. Deseret Book Company, Scribner's. Til,AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF Charles (William Van pages. $2.50.) 338 1938. pages. Sons, JENSON York, 301ANDREW New

(Deseret News Press, 1938. competent story of the settlement of $3.00.)

678 pages. in $3.50.) Latterday Saints long has Mexico A

travel of story a American young awaited. been has been work The now This is It intriguing a unique, debook.THIS is informative in couple unusually scholarly, and a appealing done by manner

tails of the events a life extending now interesting. fold the the boat, child, Using as youth, one an and Van who was man

life eight, into four score years a and Tils the traveled miles 882 witness of Danube of the down events eye most recounted labors. changing events withcrowded and through River Austria, this is in what was Germany, book. story interesting an The

It is in kaleidoscopic profusion the of maskirting Czechoslovakia, thrilling Rumania,, and one, and surpassed not any by terial; yet, as reader the the progresses, through Jugoslavia. In their Hungary and

story falls into a beautiful pattern; that of travels, they talked with the average citizen

life of experiences, lived unusual a simply of those countries learned they and again has Johnson many Anna Once full ideals, faith, of high clean under and offthe-record things the of about workings five of been honored having by earnest industrious, sweet, leading and the reaction the government the of and to her in the printed Spring poems Anreal to service achievements high huand those to people workings. common thology, publication the 1938, of a

It interest for holds the manity. reader

/. C.—M. Press, Mitre England. Last London,

its throughout double pages. 678 columned year, she the honored pubby was

in story begins the native Denmark, The lication of three of in her the poems REDISCOVERY OF THE MAN historian; land of the confamous now for 1937. Link, of Anthology C. these one (Henry For Macmillan Company, tinues the in the valleys of Rocky itMounthe received "Esther,"1938. she poems, pages. York, 251 $1.75.) New it tains; state to state from from moves and medal. gold K. This Lewis Walter

in to the read historical country author's search have of country who Return THOSE this the of year donor wrote award it material; the earth circumscribes "will several to Religion interested doubly be to (after a "Sonnet Johnson Anna

it life times; reveals quiet the in of his latest home; reading book, Rediscovery."The this reading her In Verse) Viking

friends; in office. the the story in toamong advises us learn And he which of Man, for praises her ability her sonnet he

is told the is intimate in of conmanner a this be. In what and he can man what man to "paint scenes per- a with thousand

his fiding to his thoughts diary. his the in one, as previous the book author As fect brush."

life the develops lives story reader the with emphasizes the place of example which five of Miss Johnson's poems The his the author, joys shares sorrows. Christ the and following Christianity of and that titled: are appear Peak,""The of in history panorama the can building The of the Church from complete have "Winter,"Trees,"and "The "Men life. this to 1850 in the 1938, unfolded autobiogand impetus happy which The he Fighting Boat,""Prayers and At

life the raphy, gives to interestthe makes doubly wellbalanced volume should modify /. C. Dawn."—M. of ing the valuable. lives figures and of thousands people. Notable many move across its pages; epochmaking events are—M. C.

J.m.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

PRIESTHOOD QUARTERLY boards in Salt Lake, Davis, and Weber there will be available for every stake

REPORTS Counties, the area controlled by the a halfhour's interesting and profitable

Packer Corporation, are contributed program for any kind of class or meet- 'T'he Lord gave us the ability to forby that company. ing. Its frequent use will stir up enget. It is fortunate He did so, otherEach one of these onehundred- thusiasm for the campaign.

wise our difficulties might drive us mad. twelve boards, 10 x 20 feet, will carry

But He also made us capable of refor ninety days a brief testimony Reported From membering, thus enabling us to profit painted in large letters. About fifteen

failures. Stake: mistakes Idaho our andby testimonials, will slogans, or used, be

is all to the contact plan smokers The in this writing In the have mind we the are following: among which the in the pamphlets with an and ward Reports.Priesthood Quarterly These 1. destructive than Drink has been more subject. talk the the intimate on Then thing. longerare a have no They new pestilence, war, famine combined. and to invited are attend meeting, smokers a in field for the year. than abeen more Gladstone. leaders, conducted campaign a where by

for reasons, 2. various not is necessaryBut in the like Alcohol sand body human is carried discussion to the as on how

in the of bearings engine. discuss, anto or Edison. report making name by habit overcome. be may

3. to contributes threefourths Liquor of yet not has quorums reached asome

the crime juvenile and delinquency Judge It is state.satisfactory to these quoIt that reported the plan was was

Scott. lines, that as these addressrums we well. working 4. is the of root Liquor the of broken 75%aids to remembrance. in homes today America Westcopp. Judge Stake: Davis North things following that ask the we May 5. are safer Drivers dry. are roads when in that early canReported a December done:be are safer drivers Roads are dry. when of the vass nicely forward. going wards was

1 record kept be each by quorum Safety Journal. A first of exsupply booklets soon The was

6. it afraid liquor; of lick all will I'm of each the groupand any quorum by in of the hausted secwards, a some and

it. athlete tackles world's Baugh, who required Sam thedata to Report by Forms rapidly distributed. order being ond was

football passer. them complete. data Thesemake may greatest

middle 7. There betwixt ground is no variousbe obtained well sources from organized and was work The

total abstinence that the excess and bishop, clerk,the the systematically. being very quorum ward done kills. was Charles Lamb.

officers committees, clerk of and meet- 8. All that liquor America knows and Stake: Phoenixings, etc. individual members, One gasoline mix. not do Ford. Henry is stake This that stakes among many

is this facilitate 9. ofpurpose record to life, shortens lessens Tobacco human in reported lively activity in December a

efficiency, and wastesthe promptly readily of energy. making human and the of the campaign. were work They

Health Magazine. If in quarterlythe reports time. due to operating according carefully a drawn10. Liquor are curses. and tobacco twinthe necessary data neatly plan, are to designed and the up systemmake work

injure health, They freepurse, home, and atic complete.systematically and in record kept a book, dom. Voice. Warning quarterlythe report blanks can be I 11. maintained have beendurance Stake: my Utah

in. filled fullyquickly and I cause have never liquor totouched or fall active the very Became during under

2. Make three complete copies of the bacco. Ab Jenkins. the Chairmanship of Brother LeRoy Decker.

quorum quarterly report at or near the 12. Are men nutty because they drink, The first shipment of 600 copies of "Nicoclose of the last meeting of the quarter, or do they drink because they're nutty? tine on the Air"was soon exhausted and

and send two of them promptly to the Unknown. 1800 more were ordered, making 2400 each

designatedperson chairman of by the of the athletes have 13. 99% who exofin Practicalthis bookletTerms"and "Thesent Wordto this ofstake.Wisdom celledthe stake abstainers have Priesthood been liquor Melchizedek from committee. and tobacco. Coach E. L. Romney. The brief reports of the above

14. Cigarettesmoking aire sure that these copies boys two 3. Make stakes paralleled are like named by many

apples; they drop before the harvest officerreach stake the designated at wormy It is stakes. other gratifying to very

Starr time.—David Jordan.least within the of of the end a week Authorities the General to that hear

quarter. the all is going campaign forward over Besides carrying of one these slogans

this. Please to remember always do the all including Church, nearly of the each board that will announce the projis sufficient. to the wise word Make Englishspeaking missions.A is ect sponsored the S. by "L. D. it willsure to be unnecessary mention last stake to At committees seem Committee."this again. matter spirit the have caught of the movement

ITEMS OF INTEREST sultand ishaveactivityreactedeverywhere—insplendidly. quorums,The reANTI-LIQUORTOBACCO The Broadcast in classes, in groups, in homes, and

COLUMN 'T'he broadcast over station KSL Deareamongreadingindividuals.and discussingIt seemsthe booklets.that all

1 cember 5 of the address by Mr. From Timpanogos Stake came the

BILLBOARD PUBLICITY Sam Morris entitled "Repeal Weighed report that one bright girl read "Alcoand Found Wanting"well rewas it, to hol Talks Youth,"autographedHpHE generosity and fine cooperation ceived. General The Committee it to is passed a friend repeated, her who

of the Bird and Jex Company and having an electrical transcription recfriend repeated, etc., with the result

the Corporation, Packer billboard ord this of made address side on one this that booklet circulated has among operators, have the enabled is General of the disk providing and atother girls. relate many this here as a We to give publicityCommittee in tractive wide recordings side. for the other suggestion to other of groups young

Utah to our educational campaign. Every stake will want one of these people.

The Bird and Jex Company contribute records for use with its new sound the use of 82 billboards, extending projector machine. This record may The General Committee

from St. George to Preston, Idaho, and also be used by any radio station as at headquarters is busy and hopes

Rock Springs, Wyoming. Thirty well as by the sound projector. Thus soon to go to the field with more ma102

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939 terial—lessons, records, pictures, etc. New York or more during the year. Every SunIn the meantime it hopes that commit3rd Quorum of Elders day the children would bring their

tee members and others will scan this A revolving fund has been estabdimes and pennies for which receipts column of The Improvement Era for lished by donations from members and were issued by the secretaries. In 1937

suggestions and helps. is being used to finance, on a loan seventyone children under 12 years

Please make sure that the campaign basis, a poultry raising project by a of age were honored with a special each received a beauand one Oceanside program from quorum member shall notin be stake and wards your tifully certificate inscribed of award. Branch. until objective the to upallowed slow there In 110 1938 people were young person fromhas been reached—every

full given the to support had who contacted, read years hasten been up TOOELE NORTH WARD plan one paying Church by Welfare their to booklets, conreacted SUPPORTSthe and SCHOOL SUNDAY dollar All more. or these honored weretents. CHURCH WELFARE PROGRAM in special services on December 18th.

Let committees, quorums, and indi- n\iiRiNG the past two years the Tooele More than 40 others have contributed public enforcement getviduals law as as from to a few pennies 60 much has School North Sunday Ward thatofficers expected to they are know cents each. to the cooperate with undertaken ward to sale relative the that theto see law the project sponsored by The was in of the bishopric promoting payment

is etc., to minors, narcotics notof consisting Alfred of superintendency the Offerings Fast younger by memviolated. Gillette, Nelson, and Perry C. M. the bers School. of have Sunday They

held out a promise of some special Sherman Lindholm.

QUORUM PROJECTS recognitioneach one whoat wouldthe endpayof intheoneyeardollarto TOOELE CHILDRENNORTH WARDANDSUNDAYSTAFF SCHOOL

WHAT IS YOUR

QUORUM DOING?

Barley Stake 2nd Quorum of Elders The members have assisted in raising 2% acres of onions and half an acre of squash.

Chicago Stake High Priests More than half the members are contributing monthly to the maintenance of two local missionaries.

Emery Stake 1st Quorum of Elders We have one and a half acres of potatoes. We have had the best cooperation we could ask for. We bethe will give to quorum this croplieve of the bushels to 300 200about

ist, Agnes Duffin, and other talented finest 214TH QUORUM OF SEVENTY valley. this inpotatoes BOASTS MIXED CHORUS members, the chorus can conduct an

Hollywood Stake The 214th quorum of Seventy of the entire service, furnishing its own speak248th Quorum of Seventy Liberty ward and the newly organized ers, soloists, chorus, and special features. organization has performed The in Liberty stake, Salt ward, Harvard by wards printed a list We have in various stake and wards in its own City, the distinction claims of of each memLake the occupationshowing

city, outlying of the as well as in some organized having an employment, Seventies mixed to lookingber. We are

cities state. of the towns and The startchorus. chorus organization of welfare The each mempatronage, and

ber. ed with a mere handful of enthusiastic chorus activity has been one of the

members, but has now grown to a memmajor enterprises of the quorum in

Maricopa Stake bership of over sixty Seventies and making it one of the most active quo90th Quorum of Seventy their wives. First practices were of rums of Seventy in the Church, having

We presented two plays which netsongs in the Sunday School Song a membership that is not only nearly ted $155. Book. Now the repertoire includes 100 per cent active in the quorum, but

fields in also in other of service cantatas. anthems, the hymns, Church and of Elders

is assistance the the of able Church. organCharles the Smurthwaite success in With splendid with1stWeQuorummet chorus Merrill manager, the Tew, OF MIXED THE 214TH cotton crop. OF CHORUS QUORUMfarming a fouracre

SEVENTY conductor.

2nd Quorum of Elders We have gathered up forty old pairs of shoes and have collected money for leather to repair them. Some of the

members cooperated with the High

Priests in a garden project.

Moapa Stake 3rd Quorum of Elders We have received permission from the U. P. railroad to screen and use

the waste coal from its yards. This,

along with our woodhauling project, is enabling us to assist the poor a great deal.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

LESSON VI

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study for February How to Create Wealth (Chapter 6)

Text: Priesthood and Church Welfare. I. The business of making a living still

See also Historical Readings and Supplementary References oura. Persistentallabsorbinghumanoccupation.effort required.

(See Historical Readings, reference No. 10.)

LESSON IV e. Possibilities should be studied in b. Man's desire to satisfy needs and

for locality establishing needeach a factor. wants Plan Welfare the andPriesthood ( projects. Historical ed See Readeco- II. improving of philosophy The(Chapter 4) ings, reference 8.) No. welfare. nomic with the partner III. a for I. Surplus funds commodities become and may Man production. increasing of matter a. A the good. Lord. common referHistorical Readings, (See

for perfect a. medium a to Priesthood urged a. Priesthood quorums go 11.) ence No.

the of Welfare administration assigned quota. beyond of standard a b. Holdings once

b. stake; surpluses pooled Plan. by Ward income. today, wealth; money empowerregion. surpluses stake member b. quorum by Every principles: c. Important

spiritual c. temporal of and surpluses Redistribution to bring through ed created 1. wealth All economic

the to prosperity storehouses. human and peace efforts. through man's own

for distribution to soul. IV. Production needy his of application the 2. Through

Priestthe in itself. dependent on not end an Church II. The the to intelligence energies and

a. training. vocational His- (See For hood. nature. of bounties

integrating energizing, torical the reference Readings, a. 9.) No. Needs the of utilization 3. wise In the

solve to b. Priesthood for the future Preparation of independpower Hisavailable. (See resources

ence. problem. old an reference torical No. Readings,

inactive person. activity in the the for basic b. place V. Agricultural No 12.)

is Love. Priesthood production program, the III. of Law wealth. creating in efficiency III. Modern the is exercise to a. fivepoint of program. today task IV. The A the enable machinery and a. Power strong activities with for the Priesthood of "unemployVI. Productive power

for materials to produce raw few established ables"genealogical deeds. by

the many. keys. a. endeavor. the have We of and sergoods variety b. Greater a. an form region. army united of Virgin River b. quorums Example The

cost. less at vices purthe b. of of researchers. accomplishment the for Employment

living. of raised standard c. A existing VII. of conthe Lord. Steady of improvement poses

in all contribute that Essential d. welditions. difference between essential V. An as all produce must way: some that of a. and of Project"of the "Conservation fare Church work Ward

other organizations. (See Historical San Bernardino Stake. well as consume.

Readings, reference No. 1.) b. Ward building project of Idaho IV. "We cannot get something for noth-

a. Incentive to action in the PriestFalls Stake. ing."

hood. VIII. The role of the Priesthood: summary. a. Prosperity is to be understood in

b. Brotherhood in a very literal a. To produce sufficient for the reterms of the character of a people

sense. quirements of the annual budget. and the character of their environ-

c. Successful social work the out- b. To provide quorum funds for rement.

come of revealed religion. (See habilitation of individual quorum b. The improvement of opportunity

Historical Readings, reference No. members. the essence of prosperity. (See

2.) c. To stabilize permanently those Historical Readings, reference No.

VI. The plan of salvation is cooperative. now wholly or partially dependent. 13.)

a. No room for selfishness. (See Historical Readings, references Nos. 3 and 4.) MONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS

b. the work Men help

of the Seventy of God through Made by The First Council other. helping each the For of November.to The Council1938 o[ the Twelve Apostles Month

c. The organization is with us; the

has need Nov. arisen—now depends MISSIONARY ACTIVITIES Nov.

quorums. on the 1937 1938

VII. The responsibility of the Personal 1. Evenings or part days spent in missionary work 6,887 6,041

13,804 15,399 2. in missionary Hours spent work committee. Welfare

10,642 11,314 calls of Number made If the PriesthoodVIII. 3,350 functions, the plan 4.3. 4,011 first invitations in of Number

will succeed. 5. Number of revisits 4,030 3,175

11,955 6. conversations of Gospel Number united. leaders are a. The

7. of standard Church works distributed (Does not include Books of Mormon 11,393 Number to set the individual every b. Up to 233 317 reported 10) Item under No.

in motion. plan 627 8. distributed other of 348 books Number

9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 13,147 14,703

161 154 of actually sold 10. Copies Book of Mormon

234LESSON V 11. of 250 held hall meetings by missionaries Number

Churchwide Production and 12.13. NumberNumber ofof missionariescottage meetingswho attendedheld by cottagemissionariesand hall meetings 1,839562 2,738750

Distribution (Chapter 5) 14. Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings: 2,103 2,573

15. Number of baptisms as a result of missionary work 92 85

I. The Lord's way fitted to the weak (1) Of people over 15 years of age 44

of under age: years people 15 (2) Of the strong. and

a. are of parents Both whose members 27 tithing, fast offer- a. Contributions: b. of 15 under Others years age

ings, security donations. Classification not designated 165

b. Productive projects. (See Histor16. Number of inactive members of Church brought into activity through stake missionary

ical Readings, reference No. 5.) service during the month 260 299

II. Planning ahead for food, fuel, clothADDITIONAL INFORMATION

ing. of 118 stakes 126 in the Church a. the Number anticipated: Needs annually

116 stake missions of 120 organized Number forecast. (See Historical budget

Readings, reference No. 6.) MISSIONARIES ACTIVELY ENGAGED

b. Stakes and groups produce that

101 of stakes reporting Number 94 are best fitted. they for which

districts of 363 363 activities c. All encouraged which EldersNumber 258 278

accomplish immediate aim. Seventies 1,213 1,158

d. items not yet produced Many unWomenHigh Priests 260325 261263 Historical the der (See Program.

Readings, reference No. 7.) Total 2.076 1,940

) ).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

of the kingdom of God, and for the city. Building has been materially hinsalvation of ourselves and others, dered for want of nails hitherto, which

HISTORICAL READINGS jointly, together, or we shall fail in we trust will soon be prevented by the our attempts to accomplish the work use of domestic machinery. Most of

which the Lord has given us to do. the principal settlements are comfortmills, flouring and supplied with ably DisJournal Young, (Brigham of REFERSUPPLEMENTARY

is mills are there a deficiency, where courses, 16:65.) FOR PRIESTHOODENCES is of sawmills building. this in if number 5. brethren The the I presume WELFARE CHURCHAND is supplied increasing. country valleys, into The these will conference goLESSONS at factory a from cattle, bowls other raise with wooden and wheat, and grow

(See Lesson Outlines for products of the earth, and then give Provo.

suggested use. onetenth of all their increase into the Tanneries have been commenced at

1. This is a peculiar people; they Lord's storehouse, and onetenth of all most of the principal settlements, and

anthree; and, after or some, able to at two be got now, have we shall with they already very great, becomehave

bark, the prospeeling for other season build a temple, set to immediately, and for prosperityall the and rapid elements for of do- a supply will it the pect be good finish forthwith, and abandon before us the and haveadvancement. We

.. 7th leather. the for mestic. (From building houses of the idea Church of nations the world;examples of the

Epistle of the First Presidency, dollars here General get individuals, a to few prosperity, their pride their witnesswe 1854.) April 18, public the works. carry on and there to are of arrogance; made sensibleand

their power and their oppression;... Let us attend to the Church matters 9. But many of our brethren have

are acquainted with their systems of and rear that wall round the temple been raised at some particular trade or poorhouses, poorfarms, prisons, block as soon as possible, and apply employment in the old country, and houses of correction, asylums and hosthe Church funds to this purpose, inhave not tact and ingenuity to turn their pitals, and with their misery and degrastead of putting them into the hands hand to anything.... It therefore bedation. (Millennial Star 19:245, from of a few individuals that would percomes our duty to teach them the way

the 14th General Epistle of the First haps pay one hundred dollars, or turn to live. They are generally good citiPresidency. in a yoke of cattle, and say, "Build me zens, of industrious habits, and with a

a house, and then let the Church pay little teaching will soon be able to supwill start here 2. Brethren, if you Kimball, difference."C. and the (Heber bishthe desire port themselves. We in in farming, together makingoperate Discourses, 1:296.) Journal of which give employment them ops to

cattle, sheep in herding andcheese, 6. It is truth that evident exercise an a perform, can and more they

and in every other kind of work, and grain should be raised. The constant patience in instructing them; and it littlewill

factory hereget and cooperative a influx quarters, of people from all will that no longer they found the soon be together in sheepstore, operate and tribes for bread, fund. of the Indian public the demands burden upon a prove

manufacturing,raising, storekeeping, certain 11th of approspect the and the almost Star, 16:421, from (Millennial

else, noand everything Presito our borders, thousands matter what it proaching First Epistle of the General is, ourplant can by, and when we by future. for the us bids prepare Food dency. )

that foundation cannot aselves upon is for the cry; for beast food and man I I teach If 10. oppress you when to shall proceed then broken,be we will millions long ere unnumbered who then yourselves, of care take to you for organization, which familyarrange a like the to us pouring be doves upon I you. oppress shall to continue Have

... prepared. quite not are yetwe for world, famished a food windows; I preor you, example taught ever by Brigham preached by a sermon ( From drafts spiritual are the temporal, and his in hireling the cept, oppress to 31, Paris, Idaho, at AugustYoung to to expect pay. (Milhave may we justly accuse you Never. Can wages? 1873.) 11th lennial Star, 16:421, the from the or poor, the depriving of me

3. others, are names whose There First PresiEpistle the of General is the us, of cast that stranger among

are enrolled among the Saints, who dency. ) means of obtaining the necessary comthey than propertythink of their more fill 7. minds up your Then prepare; not. forts of life? But I can may You

.. salvation. must ofdo. The Saints with wisdom, and knowledge and far as of justly men, making accused your be

learn one lesson, namely, that all who storehouses with grain; raise and preas possible, earn their living; of teachdesire the kingdom of God must be willserve your stock; raise your own wool ing them to supply their own wants,

ing to sacrifice all things for the sake and flax; make your own leather; and and to accumulate and gather around

thereof; and he that is not willing to do manufacture your own clothing, soap, them wealth and independence by a

fail this will surely hopes and his will candles, oil, sugar, molasses, industry glue, persevering a constant and perish. Prattwither ( Orson away, and glass, combs, brushes, iron, and every blesstemporal care of the frugality and

in The Seer, 1853, p. 169.) other article within your reach, and ings God bestows upon them. (Brig-

4. I say that they who are opposed save your money. (Ibid.) ham Young, Journal of Discourses,

to cooperation are opposed to heaven 8. A small woolen factory in this 10:249.)

and to their own welfare, to the welvalley, commenced last year, is ex- 1 1 Would you like to know how to fare of their neighbors, to truth and to pected to go into operation about midbecome rich? I can tell you in a very

everything that is good. The least summer; and another in Utah Valley few words: Never want a thing you

thought or act of an individual who is will be ready for this year's wool. cannot get; live within your means;

or can be called a Saint, that militates Many handwheels and looms have manufacture that which you wear; and

against oneness of feeling and action been in operation in families, and sevraise that which you eat. Raise every

amongst the Saints, is opposed to eral thousand yards of cloth have been calf and lamb; raise the chickens, and

everything that is heavenly and good. manufactured, besides carpets, mits, have your eggs, make your butter and

We do not wish to cooperate in merstockings, etc. cheese, and always have a little to spare.

cantile affairs only, but we wish to bring Besides the Deseret pottery in this The first year we raise a crop and we the minds of the people to consider the city, another is open at Provo, in Utah have more than we want. We buy

benefits of uniting and laboring tocounty, and another is expected to nothing, we sell a little. The next year

gether, to make this long and strong commence this summer at Fillmore, in we raise more; we buy nothing, we sell

pull all together.... If we are not Millard county. A machine for manumore. In this way we could pile up

one, we are not the Lord's. We cannot facturing combs is nearly ready for the gold and silver and in twenty years

do His will, nor be His disciples unless operation. There is a nail factory in a hundred families working like this

we are one. We must have the same operation in Iron county, another in could buy out their neighbors. (Brigfaith and feelings for the building up Sanpete and another building in this (Concluded on page 115)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Qourum Stake Ward in the report of as given words TheSTANDARD

Priests QUORUM AWARDS 68. Mesa 3rd Maricopa officers ('36) the the guidance under quorumSTEADILY INCREASE Deacons 69. Maricopa 3rd 1st* Mesa

Deacons Maricopa 3rd 2nd* Mesa of quorum superElton Wardle, W.

Teachers* Maricopa 3rd Mesa 1939 Campaign Makes 70.71. visor, Archie Hakensen, and ward Priests* 72. Maricopa 3rd Mesa StartEncouraging 1st* Deacons 73. is as Priesthood, of 3rd Ogden Aaronic chairman North Weber

/"ne hundred ten Aaronic Priest74.75. Teach,Deacons (class)1st* OgdenOgden 1616 thth NorthNorth WeberWeber follows

Harrisville Deacons* 76. North Weber to report the stand- a very very reached happy quorums hood We are St. Deacons* Clara 77. George Santa

this year, successful perfect, not but with Bishopric the Presiding ards 1st* Grantsville Deacons Tooele of 78. set by 2nd

start, Grantsville Deacons Tooele 2nd* 79. 2nd in to year hope have a better we given the in 1937 were and Church

Deacons Branch Pioneer 80. Mexican

1938. during Standard Awards Quorum Naples Uintah Deacons* 81. of attendance an average 88 had 1939.We Granite Hawthorne 1st* Deacons 82. substantial the increase is a over This

at All meetings. Granite Priesthood per cent Hawthorne our 2nd* Deacons 83.

year.previous Granite Hawthorne Deacons 3rd* 84. the of observe members Wisdom. Word

Granite 1st* Hawthorne Teachers 85. the eight the which Tithing earned record Quorums award have on (100 We Granite Teachers Hawthorne 2nd 86.

for the second consecutive year were 87. Priests* Hawthorne Granite per cent of earners) and 100 per cent on

th Ogden 13 Ogden 1st* Deacons 88. Offerings. Fastgiven the Star Those Gold Award.

th Ogden 2nd* Deacons Ogden 13 89. are of the following course study We in qualifying third for 1938 the conOgden 13th Ogden Deacons 3rd* 90.

outlined, are lessons. upto-date and on our th 8 Ogden 1st Ogden 91. Deacons will secutive gold given year be two

Ogden 8th Ogden Deacons 2nd visits 92. to ninety have made quorum We stars. to awards, be 1939 The made Ogden 8th Ogden 3rd Deacons 93. in the year. past members

Ogden 8th Ogden Teachers 94. in will include stars, 1940, gold three this special activity to summer was A 21st Ogden Ogden Deacons 1st 95. in highest series.the the present award furnish Ogden Pleasant for flower buttonhole View a each Teachers 96. memfor Deaf Ogden the Br. 7. Deacons 9 all of ber the our flower through quorum the given Standard Quorums QuoDeaf the Ogden Br. for Teachers 98. season. in for the Ogden for the Deaf Br. 1938 meetingrum Award Priests 99.

filled this assignments 2,304 have Logan River Heights Deacons 100. We instandards following: the 1937 were Logan College Deacons 101. year. visited the the of ThirDeacons We Logan Providence 1st Deacons 102. Quorum Stake Ward teenth 18, September on ward and enjoyed Logan 1st Providence Teachers 103.

1. Deacons* Balboa Francisco San visit our very much. Bernardino San Park Baldwin Deacons 104.

2. Teachers Logan Cache 10th Logan 7th Logan Deacons 1 social activities 105. of: consisted Our green Oo. Manilla Deacons Timpanogos Logan 7th Logan Teachers 106. 1 trip bust, corn Little 1 to Mountain, 4. Leavitt Alberta Deacons* gan Lo College Teachers 107.

5. Leavitt 1 Alberta Teachers* airport, weiner roast out the chile feed by Logan College Priests 108.

6. 1st Taylor 1st Raymond Deacons* IjOgan at cabin, 7th ice Logan Scout 2 parcream and Deacons cake 109.

7. Taylor 1st 2nd Deacons* Raymond Rexburg Independence Deacons 110. ties, all 2 busts, watermelon at cabin. Scout 8. Taylor Teachers Raymond 1st

at this 9. Priests meeting 12 enrolled. Raymond 1st Taylor We have

10. Deacons 1st* Raymond 2nd 3. Taylor *Gold Star Quorun is. Present 15. Visitors

11. Deacons 2nd 2nd* Raymond Taylor Our objectives for the coming year are 12. Taylor Teachers* Raymond 2nd

13. Deacons Welling Taylor increased attendance and more and bigger 14. 1st Deacons McGrath 2nd Taylor STANDARD QUORUM AWARD socials.

15. Taylor 2nd Deacons McGrath 2nd Hadley, Ralph President quorums to met by be 16. Taylor Teachers McGrath 2nd Standards

1st Junior Parry, Counselor, 17. Taylor Stirling Deacons Standard for the Quoqualify to

18. Deacons Pasadena Blysian Messerly, Leonard 2nd Counselor, 1939: during rum Award 19. Teachers Pasadena Burbank Secretary. Don Hasty,

Priests/* 20. Belvedere Angeles Los Standard follow 1. and Set up 21. Angeles Los Deacons Belvedere 1st*

program. 22. Deacons Belvedere Quorum Los Angeles 2nd* HAWTHORNE WARD 23. Los Deacons Angeles Belvedere 3rd* and follow Social 2. Set up and EXTENSION PLAN 24. Priests* Angeles Los Huntington Park program. Fraternal 25. Deacons* Los Angeles Huntington Park AT per LAUNCHED of 60 attendance Average Priests 26. Los Angeles 3. Manchester 27. Deacons 1st* Manchester Los Angeles cent. SUCCESSFUL GATHERING

28. Angeles Los Deacons Manchester 2nd filling 75 assignments Members Los 29. Priests* Angeles 4. of Stake, Granite Vermont "LJawthorne Ward cent. per Los Angeles 30. Teachers* Vermont A in A long a leader PriestAaronic 31. Angeles Los Deacons* of observing 5. Vermont Members Word

32. Angeles Teachers* Los activity, Walnut hood has reported Park to the per cent. 75 Wisdom Priests 33. Los South Gate Presiding Bishopric an outstanding Angeles 6. Tithing 75 paying Members 34. Teachers* Angeles Los South Gate

35. Deacons* South Gate Los Angeles per cent. (Percentage to be meeting and social at which the AaronPriests 36. Los Angeles Whittier figured of those earning money ic Priesthood Extension Plan was 37. Teachers Whittier Los Angeles only.) 38. launched. Deacons* Los Angeles Whittier

7. in Participation Los 39. Teachers Angeles two service Matthews E. Curtis H. Bishop Fred made the 40. Los Angeles Deacons 1st Matthews cent. projects 50 per following report of the event: Angeles Los 41. Deacons 2nd Matthews

42. Priests San Francisco San Francisco

43. Teachers Francisco San San Francisco effort urgent to an get every made We

44. San Deacons San Francisco girl in the and 12 between and ward Alberta 45. Teachers Woolford

affair, this to of Francisco FIRST STANDARD QUORUM boy20 out and be99 boys Alberta 46. Deacons 1st* Woolford

Alberta 47. Deacons 1938 Aetna those in tween ages attendance. 90 had GOES FOR TO we AWARD

Alberta 48. Deacons Hartley 1st girls the those ages, between With had we DEACONS, OF THIRD QUORUM 49. Tooele Deacons Tooele 1st South

total of present. 149 out 164 a also had 50. Tooele Deacons Tooele 2nd We South 8TH WARD, OGDEN OGDEN

51. Burley Teachers legitimate Pella excuses of 7 from the abboys STAKE Burley 52. Deacons Pella sent either of account on sick being or

53. Cache Deacons Logan 10th reports the best received of /\NE that night. working particular will on You 54. Pries ts Cache Logan th 10 - that 55. Priests girls Bonneville note included the the Emigration of has we a quorum Deacons'same from come

56. Deacons Bonneville 1st Emigration ages, stake are as in our also working we of the of Deacons Third quorum 57. Deacons Bonneville from Emigration 2nd on with in a program addition to the them 58. Teachers 8th Elysian Park Pasadena Stake. The of Ogden ward Ogden

59. Aaronic Priesthood Deacons Plan. Extension Elysian All Pasadena Park the earns for report Standard quorum 60. Deacons St. St. George 3rd George East leaders present. were

Priests 61. for the Gilbert Maricopa one number Maricopa Award Quorum

followed the just outas program 62. Teachers Gilbert Maricopa We sent has 1938. been year award The Deacons 63. Gilbert Maricopa lined, the secured and to most people

Teachers will 64. Peterson, P. to Bishop Maricopa Rulon 1st Mesa who the take subjects. various also had Weable 65. Deacons 1st ('36) Maricopa Mesa 3rd officers for its prestake arrange with the finest musical possible. numbers After 66. Deacons 2nd ('36) Maricopa Mesa 3rd

67. Teachers Mesa 3rd Maricopa ('36) sentation. a meeting of approximately one hour and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939 fifteen minutes'duration, we went to the A. W. Sadler is the quorum supereach of the wards of Morgan Stake.

Recreation Hall where a program of one visor and Hyrum Meecham, stake Reporting the conventions to the Preduration Brother arrangedhour by was chairman. signed the report to siding Bishopric, Both stake E. Francis, Roy

his Ensemble, andBy Woodbury, KDYL clerk, Bishopric. Presiding following comment: makes the girl delighted presthe everywhich and boy

ent. This was followed by plenty of reWe were very gratified with the results.freshments for everyone. MORGAN STAKE CONDUCTS We made a special drive on attendance We have cards made for every boy and AARONIC PRIESTHOOD and had brethren in the meeting that have

girl between 12 and 19, inclusive, and are CONVENTION not been in a meeting for years.

following very closely each individual case The social and refreshments after the at a meeting called by the bishopric, with Cpecial Aaronic Priesthood convenmeetings added greatly to the success of all the leaders of this group once a month, h'tions were recently conducted in the conventions.

or as often as necessary each month, and feel that great good can be accomplished.

BALBOA WARD SECOND IN THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW

STANDARD QUORUM A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding theAWARD RACE Lord's Law of Health "pOR the past two years the Deacons'of Balboa quorum San Ward, first sweeping reforms he Stake, the first to AARONIC PRIESTHOOD QUOand theFrancisco has been about. brought IN ANTILIQUOR, THE RUMS its for thereport preceding record year

in recent nondrinkers Other news ANTITOBACCO CAMPAIGN the secureand Standard Quorum included: headlines CorDouglas have certificate.Award campaign Churchwide now Tn the first in rigan, of drink water whose they This year the second to were liquor against conducted and being sent Ireland photographed and was of ofThird quorum Deacons Ogden leaders Priesthood tobacco, Aaronic the methwire-photo around world by8th Stake, report whose Ogden Ward, acshould be members and quorum first the ods; Yates, Charley who won after last the immediatelywas made full their tive cooperation give and ever golf British he tournament amateur the year,meeting of 25. December possible. wherever in; elevBise, took played who Wayne Deacons, Balboa however, Ward rePresident has Grant Heber J. letters in of collegiate four years en

report, excellentsubmit another with all Priesthood that quested quorums Illiin at athletics College McKendee in cent100 scores per program, quorum in join the of campaign. members As Bise, nois. alcohol,"said "I use never

social fraternal of proaram, and Word toare those Priesthood age Aaronic in star well student as as a honor an Tithing. items other and TheWisdom liquor cigaret and admost ward whom athletics.

were as follows: Attendance 65 per vertising is directed, Aaronic Priestfillingcent, assignments 80 per leaders cent, hood IMMORALITY should be alert and acLIQUOR AND cent. service projects 60 perquorum this fight. tive in VICES COMPANION A prominent boy leader has expressed the opinion that the greatest enemy Dr. Thomas Parran says:

earth of Priesthood the Aaronic on the is prisyphilis that today know is tobacco, being with liquor today that of youth; more disease a WE marily a

close second. For these reasons as well than half of all those whom syphilis

as for the reasons given by the Genstrikes, it strikes before the age of 25; that

eral Committee, leaders and members more than onefifth are infected with the of Aaronic Priesthood quorums should disease before they reach the age of 20, join ward and stake committees in this and that more than 11,000 per year are drive against our enemies. infected before the age of 15.—Science

Magazine, February 18, 1938.

HEADLINES NOW EMPHASIZE Dr. Haven Emerson says: NONDRINKERS

The most successful artificial or drug "Voung men who have achieved outexcitant to sexual excess is alcohol. More

standing success, whose lives are instances of.syphilis and gonorrhea in

clean and wholesome, are more and youth of both sexes, whose sober good inmore being emphasized in newspaper tentions are to avoid extra marital sexual headlines. connections, have been due to alcoholic

other than abuse to any one cause. Alco

distillery in Frenzied finance stock hoi: Its Effects Man. On

that precipitated the crisis forsent a mer president of the New York Stock cell. to a prison dramatic Exchange A

its in all that contrast to detail Harker's Island career is supplied by the rapid advancement {Concluded from page 93) of Martin, William McChesney Jr., forthey swelled with righteous pride of St. Louis, the 31 -yearold merly

highsalaried president of the Exchange as he gazed upon their well kept under a new constitution. grounds, and the dark green oaks

A crack player in golf, squash, and that surrounded the beautiful white tennis, Martin is a keen student, conchapel. Their ambition of forty

tinually delving into and mastering new years was reached when he stretched

TOP: STAKE, EAST UNION JORDAN groups of a variety of facts about island his subforth the hand and blessed PRIESTHOOD, AARONIC WARD, AT THE popular,"jects. "Genuinely says Time, their that it INFORMATION. OF BUREAU protect them would and

BOTTOM: THIRD QUORUM OF DEACONS "yet he does not smoke, drink, gamble."homes, and the fishermen, that harm

President to Martin seems OF WARD, STAKE. 8TH OGDEN OGDEN have would not befall them if they would

left Lewis, Reading from up: DeTbert pains to inforthat get exactly Donald taken

Hennesy, Verl Le Lundgren, Sweden, of faith, Van continue Saints love, to be It before the public. Lawmation has been rence Glines, Hennessy, Ronald Mueller, Don predicted courage. a gloriand He Elton Archie Teacher; Hakensen, Wardle, W. fulllength repeated in almost every

Messerly, Chairman; Mattsen, Lenard Milan

Counselor; Second Secretary; Hasty, Junior story that was published concerning his ous future for the island if the inDon

Parry, First Counselor; Ralph Hadley, President. election to the Exchange leadership habitants lived their religion.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS OF THE GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY OF UTAH

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, HAROLD J. KIRBY,

President and Treasurer. A. WILLIAM LUND, Assistant Secretary.

M. KIRKHAM, L. JAMES MYERS, GARRETT CHRISTENSON,JOSEPH Assistant Treasurer and PETERSEN, MARK E. President. Vice

Directors. Superintendent Bureau of ResearchARCHIBALD F. BENNETT. HILL, ELLEN Secretary and Librarian. Librarian, Assistant

RECORDS FULL OF ther and mother. The information dead. From these baptisms, in 1841,

GENEALOGICAL WEALTH should be authentic because it was we get the maiden name of his mother,

Curprising as it may seem to many, havegiven knownby the personthe factshimselfhe impartedwho shouldto fathersince heandwasGrandmotherbaptized forJewel,his Grandas well * the first two or three generations the patriarch. as his Grandfather and Grandmother

of a pedigree beyond an individual's Below appears the genealogical headPratt. If he knew the first names ofgrandparents are the most commonly it grandparents, not did he deem blessing ing of these the patriarchal from

difficult to secure. with persons Most to at that give these necessary names Pratt given Addison him at Nauvoo,

effort secure wellplaced cana little for also date. early baptized was He Illinois, 28, 1843, August by Hyrum

first the their of ancestors aboutdata parents, for his his greatuncle own Smith three generations on the chart. Perhaps Jeremiah Pratt, and for two sisters

PrattAddison. Name, earliest to ancestorthe them known ) their ( using seven and married names

21 born, February, 1802, When into the the first pioneer West.was sisters his of mother by and born, Winchester, Cheshire Co., brothers Where his to wellHis be name known may details of the these of All Jewel. name Hampshire. New ancestor, pioneer as thedescendants identifying the in of value are extreme Pratt. Father, Henri)

but the date and exact place of his Mother, Rebecca. Jewel family to which she belonged.

birth may be entirely unknown to them, Date of blessing, 28 March, 1843. It is altogether probable that Addihis parents. the of also Yetas names Illinois. blessing, Place of Nauvoo, later the either Pratt or then son knew

details facts are exactly Lineage, thethese very Zebulon. in for his grandparents, of a names Patriarch, Smith. intelligent begin. for research Hyrum toneeded filed archin pedigree the Church now

It is fully safe to that seventysay his ive, of tracing through daughone Pratt Elprominent a Addison wasfive cent orders per placed of the with ters, are Pratt the of parents Henry in in early the days. Church With in der ofthe Society Genealogical Utah given as Pratt and Hannah Noah in others the introduced he Gospel yearsrecent presented problems have Stearns. islands Pacific the of the South Ocean.similar the to the above. Perhaps blessings, patriarchal from Thus, in Islands the Society labored from He inearliest the ancestor known was helprecords, the baptism and Nauvoo to to again 1847, 1850 1843 from and in been have Nauvoo.Church may He ful of the records Archive, have we 1852. at died Orange Anaheim, He in York, Vermont, Pennborn New difficult in research, the bridged gap 14, California, 1872, County, October Island,sylvania, of the or town Rhode in library of for records the the printed his daughters through and has many birth,his the county, being even and rest successthe the of pedigree can be in descendants the Church. the In England,unknown. on New printare fully out. two There worked

other hand, there are numerous rich From this blessing we learn that he ed volumes of the Stearns genealogy, sources of genealogical material. In was the son of Henry and Rebecca and on pages 89 and 90 of the first volPratt, histories family have beenmany cases the family of Hannah

printed, to the carrying perbeing given. line down married Captain Noah his mother'sWe knowmaidenthat namea furthernot umeStearnsappearwho

haps the father of the progenitor of search can begin in the town records Pratt. They were married at Wrenthe western branch; yet in the printed of Winchester, Cheshire County, New tham, Massachusetts, and moved to

indication clues appears valuable of the Hampshire.volume no Such (where Hampshire in Winchester, New

latter's existence. majority great genealogical In the not research should be Pratt, their grandson, Addison was

carried could their if the lines inof cases be our overlooked by members states that a born). The recordback one, two, or three generations searching. Henry Pratt, married Rebecca Jewelson,

beyond the grandparents, the problem To make these genealogical data on and they had twelve children, but their would become relatively easy and most patriarchal blessings available, an index names were not given. Further facts

of the future tracing could be done in card has been made for each name in can be obtained from the printed vital printed records available in our library. the first ten books of patriarchal blessrecords of Wrentham, Massachusetts,

So frequently were we confronted ings, and upon each has been copied and from printed Pratt genealogies.

with problems of this nature that every information similar to that taken from This one example has been duplieffort was made to search out and make the card of Addison Pratt. These cards cated over and over again in our refiled are Archive. in the Genealogicalavailable source which every would in stated department. above, search As

the first forty cases. solution to index in the of thesehelp book A A cases, time great majority of volumes the much

wealth of information was discovered of patriarchal blessings is found in the and money and effort can be saved by in early Church records, such as the library of the Society. After each name appealing first of all to the records in

patriarchal blessings, quorum records is given the volume and page where the archive such as those mentioned of Seventies and High Priests, and biothat person's blessing will be found. above; in fact, it is a rule with the regraphical sketches of members of these In the Historian's Office is a similar search department that the researcher

quorums, Nauvoo baptism records, and volume and also a card index to the must look first of all in the archive betemple records since the beginning of names in numerous subsequent volfore consulting other sources.

temple work in Nauvoo. umes. Thus, the genealogical data of Recently some patrons of the library

blessings of recthese are available, helpful of these the although most One there regularly research were do who is blessings. the blessings the patriarchal that of are not themselves openords in visiting the East. genealogist a noted

This is so because the applicant for the to public inspection because of their He said to them:

blessing frequently gave to the patripersonal nature.

arch, for recording in his book of paIn Nauvoo, Addison Pratt, like many You people have no idea of the value triarchal blessings, his date of Birth, other early Church members, was bapof your early Church records for genealogplace of birth, and the name of his fatized for his known relatives who were {Concluded on page 109)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

most humans are heirs. Yet a little

study and reflection would cause any

U/wicL Jzadwi'A. mi&Aag&, TJtaAch, 1939 reasonable individual to realize that

TEMPLE MARRIAGE theslightpercentagethat participationof chance to winin issuchso

And verily I say unto you, that the conditions of this law are these: All schemes is worse than chasing the

covenants, contracts, bonds, obligations, oaths, vows,... or expectations, that proverbial will-o'-thewisp.

are not made and entered into and sealed by the Holy Spirit of promise, of him But this is not the most serious phase who is anointed, both as well for time and for all eternity, and that too most holy, of the problem. In all such games,

by revelation and commandment through the medium of mine anointed, whom I devices, "contests,"etc., the gambling

... this efficacy, virtue, of the to are earth hold appointed no have on power In factor. is the dangerous element

all for that not resurrection are contracts after dead; the the in or from force and

all experience no of past years the 132:7. this are end have dead Doctrine end unto an Covenants and when men made that indicate available cases record on Saints, the of as Latterday ordained Marriage, and regarded by God

of at gambling is those have won who it is this sexes. eternal relationship of the to designed people not be an isWith

merely a temporal contract to be of effect on earth during the mortal existence of any kind have really prospered. Temthe parties, but a solemn agreement which is to extend beyond the grave.—The porary gains, as a rule, have been folArticles of Faith, by James E. Talmage. lowed by overwhelming losses. Men

and women, boys and girls encouraged "pVERY member of the Church who contemplates marriage should underby stories or actual experiences of stand fully what is involved in a decision to marry outside the temple. "luck"have found in the end that the

It is the duty of the Ward Teachers to teach this principle to the people. luck was a mirage which vanishes,

With the approach of June, the month of many marriages, young people leaving disappointment, sorrow, humilare now making plans. This is an appropriate time to discuss this viral iation, and frequently disgrace.

question. There is no place in Gospel teaching

This is also an appropriate time to discuss sealings with those who, in for any such principle. The desire for

the past, have been married outside the temple but who are worthy of something which we have not earned, having the sealing ordinance performed for them. Those who are worthy to "get rich quick,"to "try our luck"

should be encouraged to take advantage of the privilege still offered them. has caused untold misery in all ages

Those who are not worthy should be given every encouragement to prepare of the world: it has brought poverty,

themselves for this great blessing. suffering, and sorrow to millions of

In the homes of those who have been married in the temple a discussion people.

of the blessings and benefits of this privilege will doubtless prove beneAnd yet there are those in the world ficial. The desirability of so living that nothing will be permitted to entoday who choose to ignore the counsel

danger or nullify the blessings attending temple marriage is the principal of Church leaders and the experience message suggested to be left in these homes. of the past, still hoping to secure a

References: Articles of Faith, by Talmage, pages 442447; A Rational rich reward where no effort has been

Theology, by Widtsoe, pages 146149; Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 132. expended.

Latterday Saints should not permit

EFFECTIVE USE OF WARD the Saints are benefited and blessed themselvesschemes, "rackets,"to becomeandvictimsdevices.of suchWe

TEACHERS'LEAFLETS by the visit of the Teachers. should expect to earn what we receive

is to attempt read an made Where if riches or wealth which covet not and present of providing methodHPhe material or the provided only memorize all these at A through us to they come Teachers'message monthly Ward it is leaflet, in reasonthe printed only at channels, must questionable comeleaflets entire the one to on Church will to be able teaching that expect the disappointsuffering, of the expense is topiccarefully selected each month little of unimpressive probably and disgrace possibly sorrow, ment, and effective the most most andprobably definite value. Latterothers. of crimes True and this forsatisfactory yet plan devised in early the Leaflets distributed are illgotten such Saints not want do day necessary work.important and in that preceding they which month gains. it felt is that greatest the However, in that to time are order be used ample m

willpossible of not be good amount for available developstudy be and may all until Teachersaccomplished Ward is It that subject. the of urged ment Society Genealogical careful of study each a monthmake this effort that be every be done and 108) page (Concluded from containedthe suggestions thoughts and spirit true to of the develop made

in leaflet the It an develop to and ical from them have purposes. seems you me visits in the the of teaching to homes

rich people those of than sources families for to the any moreindividual message Saints.

in section of a country. our any Wnat visited.be in exists important more work No it if thing other combe marvelous would in the printed material contained The distinctive, the today. This Church data. are access to such munities had They is to intended not eachmessage month in plan, use other unique not any by full wealth. genealogical of of to the dethe be message wholebe in the world, has done more Church

It is brief, they are convincedlivered the members a Teacher. Many by its for the than members and Church to traveling research of begin a must fundamentals ofconcise statement by realize. imsuch Surely people an most

visiting distant for foreign or discussion. sources land suggested subjectthe treatportant assignment not should be

is it first in fact in their East, acthe impossible the providedIn space when lightly. ed

tual After topic here.to step the considerable to should taken develop be any

extent. It is planned that this shall be SOMETHING FOR NOTHING consulting their own family records or

done by the individual teacher, adding 'T'he Ward Teacher's message for those in possession of other members to the suggestions given material from February deals with an extremely of their family, their next step should his own experience and study, adapted important subject. The desire to sebe to consult early Church records

possible families for to of cure nothing, the aswherever something to be such we have is district. this blessings,his contests, archal of chance, done, ef- "lucky"baptismal,mentioned—patriand arin games Where

fective teaching naturally follows, and etc., seems to be a failing to which chive records.

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M. Q. MORRISI. A. 50SALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH LUCYY. GRANTW. M. CANNON GEORGE

JOSEPH J. CANNON General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. HELEN S. WILLIAMS

BURTON K. FARNSWORTH 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING VERNA W. GODDARD

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH CLARISSA A. BEESLEY,

Executive Secretary Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices Executive Secretary

Committee for this educational gesture, February 14, 1939. The responsibility

and to Evelyn Wood for the snappy for this party has been assigned to the dialogue and delightful jingles. M MenGleaners in each ward. Plans

are already being made and meetings

CHECKUP TIME The Semaphore of committees held in many of the the are Although wards. people young encouraging a most markspEBRUARY entertaining This is another most and this initiative in taking event, the Exec-

o period and profitable program. the M. I. instructive Assembly Some utives enthusiastic should be very and

A. winter season. Officers and departlittle preparation is necessary in the cooperative and provide ample and

ment leaders can look backward over providing of large cardboards with wise guidance and supervision.

the way traveled thus far, noting outtheir cellophane covered centers The General Board committees are standing successes and also features through which the red, yellow, and blue very desirous that this party be outthat have not quite measured up to exlights gleam and speak, but if done standing in happy participation, attracpectations, and have the comforting well, the results will more than justify tive decorations, inviting atmosphere, is that thereassurance still time to remthe effort. We urge careful, thorough unique and entertaining program, or

all along weaknesses improveedy and rehearsing. enjoyable dancing.

lines. form, to the True MenGleaners M Consider every phase of your proBeethoven are to going the party Valentine make

studies department and acone to be proud of and long to be rerenditions heard some excellent Wegram—yourtivities, recreational program, your membered. of presented program the Bach on Deprograms,your Assembly your Sunday

one, especially, 13th. In cember we service,evening Festival your Theme HOLLAND REPORTS of lines memorization noted thoroughprojects consider ten and plans; your

rendition selecsympathetic the of and objectives, Franklin the biggerimmediate President and Murdock, J. Rrom

is in for tions. treat store Another muideals objectives and toward which the of Netherlands Mission, comes

I. all sic not are A. M. lovers—and are always determine thisyou successful of report presentation striving-—and 28th, people music February lovers—on It is next steps to taken. arewhat be the of opera, Martha:

half they with spend hour a when may late too tonot organout round your opera presented the at The was Martha Beethoven. Everyone Ludwig Von ifization there are vacancies any semiannual conference in Groningen Ocall this loves master; the world bows late this too of tober tonot year. Sister even Claire appoint a now Murdock

it delight his to genius, should a so be the director was of opera. the if These director peomusic or have none you a

inhis music, to vocal search out and ple love music so they did everymuch that director director;speech or a drama

it strumental, of present as and thing possible much it a success. to make Weeksnot too late to organize a Junior dethe will all performance they as time the made allow. Read the directions before if girlspartment of have Junior you costumes hand, the with exception by of care. great as class for with yetage and have no had those for leads; the they and even made

isthem. to time induce There yet your It the first scenery. that opera was the hadmembers to purchase and own the manPROGRAMS FOR MARCH ever been presented here and they were all

is foruals thrilled, their departments. that so left stone There no was unturned inof is provided group a March "pOR

it to successful. make the totime yet of evening creative do much On work "telling. story -teresting on programs the performance 212 people into crowdedexemplifying the year's theme, or to

is there evening to be some each the hall to branch On their see hear and brothspecialintroduce cultural other feail- ers sisters of sing and followed discussion numbers dance. and bytures.

I. in department Every If stories. heard lustrative well A. prepared and was M. though Year's Even is a day New at the from conference and are gratewe stories attract presented, these should

it still is past, tomonth wise resolve ful to for fine your you in cooperation obto large of people ward numbers Muthat in this of 19381939, seasonnow taining the for that books us the made tual.

if patient, effort translation painstaking can possible. accomis interest especial feature of One I it, don't I.plish imagine shall Brother your reach Robinson ever A. M.

to story continued the commenced be thought that his work would carried beheights attained. never before

for carried forward 7th and on into March the northernmost of province Holland

M. I. A. ASSEMBLIES threeon eachweeks,programfive minutesfor thisbeingstory.allowedThe Thisand thereopera translatedwas instrumentaland sungin inbringingDutch.

FOR FEBRUARY story selected, "A Message For Arrothree new converts to the Church, besides the old many members their revived who all sustake to sent pine,"been has"Before After"and faith and to came part. back take disfor presidents perintendents and Sister joins in Murdock sending our best of the of spots high A. the M. I. If have tribution to wards wards. anyOne wishes to the officers. I. A. M.

it, is toyear 7th occur February on apply should receive they failed to is It After"officers. the program "Before andwhen their stake to at once NEW YEAR GREETINGS officersis presented. of our be Hundreds parts, part to in three written onehave been looking forward to this pregiven each evening as indicated in the FROM NORWAY

sentation, practically every ward and Community Activity Manual, pages "pROM the Norwegian Mission comes many mission branches having secured 197, 199, 200. the following report:

picturesthe cardboard the showing in The first I. A. M. started was Norwaytransformation take place which may in 29, 1879. Oslo, for the and was VALENTINE PARTY January

in dilapidated old making an first I. A. was M. Y. W.

of beauty,a dwelling a real home. also 1881, in Oslo. house Weinto "Cweryone is aware of the Valentine youngstartedmen.JanuaryThe 10, The

extend thanks to the Church Welfare party to be given on Tuesday, next M. I. A. came in Drammen 1880, in

no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

Trondheim 1897, and in Bergen 1904. These Chorus: given the wrong impression of these

branches are also today the biggest in If you're greeted with a smile, fine young people because of someNorway. their disrespect part. seeming on I. That's our A. M.

I. for of meetings were A. The M. many disrespect the merely Undoubtedly life If find while, worth seems you sort of meeting.years a program Under thoughtlessness. our Usually and Men That's our A. M. Mwas Andersen, PresidentMission Lorenzo W. Gleaners are courteous people most and Juniors Gleaners and and and I.M-Men

I. in the reorganized A. was M. Norway their visitors interest. appreciate any and Scouts

Girls, Girls,with Gleaner Bee Hive to M oversight the Call people's young any for antidote frowns Find Mutual and an Later Scouts organized,Men. and were like right attention the at time. will They pouts

lessons programs came. andnew suggestions. your personality, Build

first I. in of Mission A. Board The M. vitality Pep, and

4, 1933. organized I 4. August wasNorway to the can say Gleaner What I. In our A. M.

At the European Mission Presidents'who is rude in class?

in 1938, in held CopenhagenConference, Patter Chorus: less better. the said the Sometimes

for it the that Mission Board decided was girls polite are Gleaner usually very and feeling that softly stealing There's a comes I. the that released, and should be A.M. class, in attentive the especially when night the catch on the Tuesday you himself take should PresidentMission When interests particularly. lesson them However, swiftly hours wheeling helper, as supervisorlead mission with a if is girl is rude, a probably she means

I. fall our A. last the Toward conference. at M.which done was trying to gain the wants attention—sheit there's before nothing a wrong song And nevertheless the Board, former MissionBut

it limelight though even an be unfavorable smile shake a pass hand and and to greeting a to To thanks send andwishes a light. letting girl this take active Try an friendly to alongall, word in greetwith also America, those who in lesson part in the activity and of some

I. our A. M. helping thoughtsings have been and warm the class feel will her help which a glow will teach to speech a or in make you how have conventions ourus work. Three GreetWe in of pride selfaccomplishment. she Then will to a meal, show cook you kroheld. how cost over 5500 havebeen We They to won't attention get in her the have beau, to just a or act Catch soner, how they brought but peohave about 5000 wrong way.

life learn that rich of real. are joys Or and theple to meetings. has been Gospel The 5. shall about Gleaner do What we rafters hear the gaily ringing So if you the at thousands, to only notpreached

meetings, but through favorable newspaper With the shouts of Scouts and Beehive's Girls who are too timid to participatepublicity. It has been inspiring to see the happy hearty singing in class when the M Men are present?

young people take part in the programs, That's our M. I. A. These are just the girls for whom the

and arrange the conventions. joint work is designed. Give them a speWe want to thank everyone who helped cific assignment for a class night, a short

us, for all letters and greetings. We cannot bit of material that requires research perin any other way reach everyone, but our haps, but which may be read if necessary.

greeting comes from the heart. And to Call on these girls to answer questions so

every M. I. A. worker we wish a happy Katie C. Jensen, chairman; Freda Jensen, Grace obvious as almost to need no answer. Ask

blessedand the Usually announcements. to make

for the future. feel experience had praying and New Year, with all good wishes NixonB. Pinnock.Stewart, Helena W. Larson, Florence themgirls have

"GLEANER QUERIES"nobuildfeartheirwhencouragedoing andthat. soonSuchtheythingswillwillbe

active part, forgetting their taking an 1. Is it advisable to have a married

entirely. class, Gleaner as well as the regular timidity

Axel A. Madsen and Grace C. Neslen, chairmen; Gleaner class? Note—-These questions are from the

L.Richard Evans, Dr. L. A. Stevenson, Aurelia If there are in the Gleaners the enough of Gleaner department ward field. YourBcnnion, Harbertson. Gladys E.

to fine classes, have two it might be are delighted adGeneral your Board with to visable so divide the group. Many this in interest column. on sendKeep STATES MISSION ifWESTERN also have wards they asked not might to us. problems ing your may They

basis the an since on age variation of ADULTSREPORTS WIN divide else. help someone

is large too 17 to 23 class. for one EachIN SONG CONTEST

Drom the Denver Branch of the Westwardsible forshouldall girls.make conditionsIf making thetwobestclassesposSUGGESTIONS

ern States Mission, comes the rewill encourage more girls to come to MuGleaner Girls all over the Church port of a successful and unusual open tual and keep them happier while there, then are busy earning money for their bannight for November 29, 1938. A song have them by all means. quet. Tell us your ideas and what you

thecontest between was sponsored large stake is very and 2. Our the havewill befoundglad toto behearsuccessful.of them. Others classesvarious in order to secure new Girls rather Gleaner have would a sepsinging. forsongs community its recently second held Stake The arate

prize, the class bangreen aAdult won of the center the In Fashion Show. a combined

letters it lyre goldner gold with and a set table around and a lovely banquetMthisMenyear.andMustGleanerwe havebanannualhallHighlandwas again? quet

I. for it, chairs their for placed stage the were song which andof around on A. M.

little are discouraged a with you Why Girls modeled audience. Gleaner theis of O'Neil."to the tune sung "Peggy

if joint banquets? Perhaps whatever was promade. dresses by Chosen had they all songs the audience sangThe is like remedied, you'd them wrong very division in the winner fessional judges, without announceoncethrough any well, of the as do. girls stakes most Are evening afternoon,—sport, dresses—waseach given as to havingments been which partners without are or excluded they made of corsage. group presented with a A M feel to class, as as the to welcome importantsong each belonged the and as and suits, clothes, ski and sport modeled Men

girls? other their the share do Men thedecision Do judges on was made by M store. year Last department a from tuxedos

If of the haven't work? for you roomoriginality, singability, adaptabiland their girls for and fashion the was show

single every Girl in and Gleaner the Man M I.ity of to the this A. songs only. community and year mothers But M. Men M at stake then, banquet, your you might it too. their fathers enjoyed motherssinqing. and

stake into divide sections your two or meet hall the entrance show In a hobby was is printed prize winning song The separately. joint a banquet Try again with basis. winner a arranged ward on Thebelow: the determination to a grand success make into the prize received cash which a goes

it. of careful planning can. With you

I. small for banquet. the treasury ward A. M. A OUR

(Tune—Peggy O'Neil) 3. As a stake board member, I'm charge was made for admission to the affair

profit will to stake used and be any by the wondering reGleaners and Men if M

I. expenses. help banquet with A. M.Our alize the of importance courtesy to visitsIs a held Stake annual place Rigby Menwhere you play M itors their at affairs various as such 16. ClassSing banquet Gleaner or dance on NovemberWork or laugh, all the time. banquets, dances, and classes,—the nemembers were admitted with their memBut I'll put you wise cessity of recognizing these people, bership books. This group made up 50%

So you'll recognize making them feel at home. Sometimes of the guests. The other 50% came by inThis organization fine. a person high in authority has been vitation and paid fifty cents a person or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

seventyfive cents a couple. This money

paid all expenses for the evening, although the menu was elaborate and a dance was held afterwards. If you'd like to know how

they were able to do this, write Norma

H. Morris, Stake Gleaner Advisor, Rigby,

Idaho. m Idaho Falls Stake sold its M Men and

Gleaner Girls a membership card for a dollar at the beginning of each year. It

entitled each person to the following:

October 6—Four stake opening Social

at Idaho Falls City Park. November 17

Idaho Falls Stake M MenGleaner Banquet.December 27—Four Stake Christmas Partyat Shelley. February 22—Four Stake

Colonial Ball at Idaho Falls. March 16—

Four Stake Dutch Dance with North Idaho

Falls as host. April 12—Four Stake DanceFestival at Rigby—Easter morning—Easter

Sunrise Breakfast.

Thanks for all contributions. Happy

Gleaning.

Your Gleaner Committee.

Just a reminder to the ward M MenGleaner committees workinq on the

Valentine party: Are your plans complete so that the entire Mutual will enjoy Tuesday, February 14th? You

know that the M Men and Gleaners have been assigned the responsibility and the fun of planning a lovely ward

Valentine party. This party is to be

held at night in place of the regular

M. I. A. meeting. Be sure your plans

will include Scouts, Bee Hive Girls,

Adult members, and all those in between. Your M Men and Gleaner

Manuals contain some fine suggestions.

We received a letter from Brigham

City written by Master M Man, Leslie

Nelson. We want to share it with

you: THE M MENGLEANER FARM Tt is my happy lot to have the privilege * of working and playing with young men and young women on the M Men and

Gleaner farm. This farm is a lovely

place! It has broad fields where the fertile

soil of endeavor brings forth rich crops of culture, refinement, honesty, and dependability.

Cool pastures of recreation are transversed by the streams of spirituality and happiness. We swim in the river of activity and dive for the treasures of physical, mental, and spiritual development.

The boundaries of our farm include the vast forest of culture. It is pierced by the

inviting trails of literature, poetry, drama, 1. The Opera "Martha"presented in Groningen, 7. Three outstanding members of Manchester Ward

received their for sweaters achievements Mission. have Netherlands whoconversation, dancing. and This

left to right: work. of First Reading Claude director road show. the I. A. in M. rugged 2. Cast and

forest, planted forefathers, Pioneer by our basketball of captain the undefeated Falls Stake. Idaho North Theme Ward, "By Simmons,

is leader cheer Anderson, and mascot; Another."team; Vonda Serve beautiful One distance, from a as and

entitled of Nelson, president the we 3. Love Lawrence of 1st and Show Murray Cast Ward Road Men M itsapproach, increases. grandeur Cool

class writplay Stake. Angeles of Manchester Los Ward, Night."was Happened "It One The

ofstreams courtesy the border broad and classes of of staged play the younger directed ten Cast by C. Smith. S. and by Thelma

inviting trails. A strong glow of love and 4. Master M Men and wives and sweethearts of Mutual at Papeete, Tahiti, in the Tahitianthe

directed play Mission. and Stake. was written The Los Angeles byloyalty brightens the

girls in the Devey. participated C. Junior Elder Noel way and gives us a 5. Six Ward whofeeling of security. peace and Stake. of North Sanpete 9. Fairview North Project Stake, Ward. Security Ferron Ward, Emery We plow our fields with the plow of 6. First Conference of Tacoma Central Ward. "Amateur Parade"General Committee.

perseverance the prepare and seed bed Seattleone of theStake,newof stakeswhich inthethewardChurch.is a unit, is 10. setting.Fairview North Ward "Amateur Parade"stage the toolswith of patience selfcontrol. and

Seeds of ambition, earnestness, will power, and desire for service are planted with of enthusiasm and activity eliminate the The irrigation waters of personality and prayers that they may grow and flourish. weeds of selfishness, greed, and poor particiexchange of ideas keep the roots of spiritWhen the plants appear, the cultivators pation. uality from becoming dry and uninteresting.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

The sunshine of faith and hope, together with the rain of accomplishment, keeps our crop growing through an entire season.

Participation in all branches of activity is our insurance policy against the drouth of nonattendance.

A spirit of service and love of fellow men are the insecticides used to combat the pests of jealousy, indifference, and nonparticipation.

The beauty of our farm is that, as we work and play together, we are continuously reaping rich harvests of knowledge and understanding; and while we feast on

joy and love and kindness we become rich is friendship,with earth's which dearest DEFENDING INTERMOUNTAIN VANBALL CHAMreal other valuable is the and

PIONS, FIRSTtreasure! LIBERTY WINWARD, STAKE,

light of occasiononly NERS OF 1938 VANBALL CHAMPIONSHIP. seescripture—thathow I is full heart this propose toast My

ally literalight the dazzling of doesto fellow you, to and Men, my you asM ture If Junior approach its power? girlsglorious are the as who known tide season from 8:30 to 11:00 when

girls will this learn leaders Junior andGleaners: o'clock entertained they 200 young

in truth, will fields labors your the rich they upset never be May of by hall the people dancing, with effectivein a activity pleasant joyful; beM. and test will of they because words men ly bells, decorated with pine boughs,and reap a perennial you I.mayA. harvest life will the of and of them words God, by streamers. and coverings window The

be lighted continuously by His word. represented a blue sky, silver stars, and

Besides our lessons on the Doctrine the three Wise Men. and Covenants this month, we have

a night for My Story. Let's bring it

up to date. There is also a nigKt for a

Marba C. Josephson, chairman; Lucile T. Buehner, Valentine party or a night to help "live

lesson calendar. to our H. Bennett, Angelyn Warnick. Evangeline up"Let's checkEmilyhappiness.(UfUOU

T. Beesley. before too Ethel S. Anderson, chairman; Margaret N. Wells, the days become up now

Ileen Bertha K. Tingey, Waspe, Lucy Ann T. time. organize our crowded Junior and Andersen, Caroline Adams. in or so year the of"pVERY world

Let's accomplishments see our how ** lighting, electrical revolutionary plans. well with our See compare how has this your "\17hat done Swarmchanges place. take magic words The girls, like well our know we how we to year the improve appearance herald "Zeon,""Mazda,""Neon,"new girls, able our been have and what we of your room? Bee Hive have As we in the night,glows approximating even to for shall find them. Perhaps do we in with conventions, met you have we light closely sun. the the of puremore that for great deal a they have done interested in reports been your of problight installed of newest as todayThe let's us! In other words, check and up facilities in lems and far your so wards in glass buildbehind or modern homes if finds see us with Valentine's a day are your Hive Bee concerned. rooms isings will so natural that believe few it in interest"be Juniors. "heart May that the discussion hope stimulated asWeit is light,"actually not the "sky and for a lovely lovely a and day month to think in of you which ways many closing ofpsychological weariness a all. us might atyou your make rooms more is relieved for thoseday work who

tractive. this In reregard have a we it.under PROJECT THEME port the from Stake given Cache by this for anything as us mean Can Stake, Ferron Emery Ward, pROM Barbara will Ashcroft think which we it leaders? thatJunior every mean Can Girls'of report a a Junior comes It interest of to be you. discusses a "light,"in as theday walk world we carried project that the out group theme typical tells in Bee Hive and deroomgrows more "sunny""normal"more direction the of the under Church Weltail one able creto swarm was how filled less "glowing"more with and fare called themselves committee. They attractive ate for an gathroom swarmstrain spiritual fatigue and weariand Girls the Club, and Improvement Junior erings.ness, are because magical making we I. initials followthe used C. G. The J.

changes in our spiritual "lighting sysing is taken from the report sent in bytem?"Think it over. their leader, Zelda Zwahlen: WHAT OUR WARD HAS DONE TO

The world is full of books—thouTo carry out our theme of loving our IMPROVE OUR BEE HIVE ROOM

willgirlssands ourselves, the neighbor as thousands of them. and were Many Barbara Ashcroft, By Stake Cache

in to assist the ing vegetables canning wardof are them marvelous—stimulating,

for the a program. Welfare Church As inamusing, the main In building our classof the most ward challenging—but result girls this to three of of groups camethey are the only of thoughts men. stationary rooms At have benches. Bee The helped 125 prepare can and and home my girls best,their that these found Hive inthe they are phiideas rooms and were

cans. picture, girls p. (See 112.) The convenient unsatisfactory and there becauselosophies light of humans, whose may this, in were very doing happy have and not to enough take space was our formations brilliant neither but perhapsbe steady this the expressed in serthey received joy or play our group games. Benches were enduring. are,nor There however, vice. not to conducive participation. group Also is lightthree or four I true books this whose to believe the could be added sumthere table not a or that desk was could we for Girls. everlasting mer program Junior our containand because they They use working our when on Honey Combs.

life full are to of eager express and themthe to of our Father words Heavenly request given Upon were permission we selves in doing in something they can do children.His are they? The What to the use the room where children younger their which see they can accomplishments.Bible, the of the Pearl Mormon, Book for.. meet Primary and School. Sunday of to club our aim improve The was Price,of the Great Doctrine and Covechairs just are size larger The.kin- a than 1, in: ourselves religion or Bible study;

all allnants. chairs dergarten girls of other genthe books but that they And say 2, personality building; character 3, and

more comfortable than regularsizederations struggling are simply to apservice to friends; 4, and home personal arechairs, they and arranged in ring be may a is artificial light truthproach just as health; in the 5, order worship; house of

for discussion or of the out pushed waytrying to 7, 8, reading; the 6, music; 9, sun. approach light of the sewing; cooking;

Can we think of our most modern scrip10, recreation. when we need the space.

ture, the Doctrine and Covenants, as The next problem that confronted us the light. matter If of was tried to do we gift "light"ofa to EXPLORERJUNIOR modern pure reading, writing, or close any work, PARTIES we REPORTEDus suited to our strained eyes. our light the washed greattoday—particularly We filled needs,times our Falls and with had its ExplorerHTVin Stake wisdom, shade placed larger and a in globe the

.ruth, help counsel? each and Girls Can Frolic Junior during we socket the Yulehelped great which deal, a but we

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

still needed direct light. For awhile the

girls tried to figure how we could have a drop light from the ceiling, but while exploring about the room they found at two corners of the room light sockets that had probably never been used since the room was built. We found in two of the girls'

homes two old discarded lamps, made new shades for them and plugged them in these two sockets. Along the same side of the

wall as these sockets runs a window seat.

We placed the lamps on the 'window seat and the girls use this as a work table.

Our next project was to find a container in which we could keep our equipment during the week, as it was inconvenient to carry it back and forth. This

need was especially apparent when we started working on Christmas gifts for our mothers. We were painting, varnishing,

and stamping our symbols on these gifts.

This meant that we needed somewhere to leave them to dry. When we told our

problem to the Junior High shop class they offered to make us a Bee Hive chest if we would buy the wood. This called for

money, so we sold popcorn and candy.

Although the ward supported us and bought all our wares we still did not have enough money, so we started a "Baby

Tending Bureau."The girls of Bee Hive

age earn a good deal of "pin money"tending children, and we conceived the idea of all turning in our proceeds. We advertised our Bureau by having each girl

make a poster to place in some conspicuous place telling of our Bureau. Often the

poster was composed in rhyme. Each girl

chose a public meeting at which she would give an announcement about the Bureau.

Each composed her own speech and when she gave it the speech was so clever and the idea so unique that the audience would smile. The results of this advertising were

greater than we expected. It seems that

for some time women have been wondering whom to hire to tend their children and now they just call on our Bureau. Some girls

are called oftener than others, but they all immediately turn into the common fund whatever they receive. Our chest is now

possible and we are going to paint it ourselves.

We also have extra money and plans are progressing slowly but successfully for a table, a bulletin board made of cloth on which to place our illustrations and pictures and a wall hanging made of cloth with a

Bee Hive painted on it, a table cover with our Swarm symbol to use in our room and

1. A "Hobo Hike"participated in by the Burley Third

Ward of Burley Stake.

2. The prize float at the St. Anthony Pioneer celebration

held July 25, 193S.

3. Twentieth Ward Y. W. M. I. A. Officers'and Teachers'

Reception, Ensign Stake.

4. Part of the group which attended the Sacred Grove

Cumorah Conference.

5. Cast of opera "Lelawala"or "Maid of Niagara"

presented by the Moroni Stake M. I. A.

6. A portion of the crowd which attended the Gold and

Green Ball in Grid ley Stake, Ventura, Santa Maria,

Santa Paula, and San Luis Obispo branches participating.

7. "On the west side of the hill, not far from the top,

under a stone of considerable size, lay the plates."

8. Queen and attendants of Gold and Green Ball held

at Grid ley Stake.

9. Basketball team made up of missionaries in the

British Isles.

10. Singing Mothers and Daughters in Sacred Grove

during Relief Society Session.

12. Cowley Community Building. Photo was taken as

the last of a crowd of 1200 people were leaving the Sunday session of quarterly conference of Big

Horn Stake.

13. Missionaries and saints in front of Joseph Smith

Home between meetings at the Cumorah Conference.

14. Three stages on side of Hill Cumorah on which

Pageant "America's Witness for Christ"was presented.

15. M. I. A. Gold and Green Ball in the Central States

Mission.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

also to use on our stands when we sell while more often the new amusement lection might be built up as a project candy or punch. We have also considered hall is filled to capacity. A dance, with in the auxiliary organizations.

getting curtains and a rug, but we shall not music furnished by a volunteer county If you will turn to the August, 1938, work on these until our other projects are orchestra, follows every program. Era, you will find a diagram of an accompleted. The programs, today a matter of cession page. The last column is headWe have received a great many Sanpete County pride, are regarded as ed "remarks."If you have been cirother reports o Bee Hive activities educational as well as entertaining by culating books and have lost any or

which are very interesting and helpful Church and civic leaders alike. Schools if a book is no longer in your collecto us. However, as space is limited we welcome them as opportunities for stution, you can make a note of what hapcan only mention briefly one or two dent selfexpression. Attendance at the pened to it. Do not use this accession

of them. In the matter of finances, ward M. I. A. has been increased 30 number again. When you take invenNorth Idaho Falls Stake reported a per cent as a result of the "Amateur tory at the end of the year, use this acSwarm made $13.50 in one evening Parade"activity. Not only has the encession list as the official list of the

selling apples at a basketball game. terprise proved materially beneficial to books belonging to the library.

They sold them for five cents apiece, the Fairview Ward, but a volunteer and they sold more readily than candy show will be given for the Mt. Pleasant

or popcorn had on their previous atSouth Ward, which has burned down. Historical Readings

tempts at making some money. During With printing, advertising, carpen- (Concluded from page 105)

the holidays many lovely things were try, and decorating being done as volham Young, Journal of Discourses, 16:

done by our Swarms for those less foruntary contributions, the wellorgan- 11.)

tunate than they. One idea we thought ized committee, consisting of a general 12. Instead of trading we want them

was clever was tying paper Bees to manager (the president of the ward to go into some other branch of busieach bundle as it went in the Christ- Y. M. M. I. A.), program director, ness. Do you say, what business?

mas basket. No name was put on the master of ceremonies, talent scout, Why, some of them may go raising

basket and it was left on the doorstep. program announcer, secretary, stage broom corn to supply the Territory with

When the mother opened it and saw manager, technician, and a representabrooms, instead of bringing them from all the small Bees, she knew that it had tive from each organization in the the States. Others may go to raising

been a Bee Hive Swarm that had ward, have been able to equip a comsugar cane, and thus supply the Terbrought them a holiday dinner when pletely furnished stage in addition to ritory with a good sweet; we have to

she had not known from whence any the substantial returns devoted to the send to the States for our sugar now.

dinner was coming. fund. This report was building will get to of them more some We

Stake.from Bonneville Under the sponsorship of KSL and gathering up hides and making them

You undoubtedly are having success the Deseret News, the "Amateur Painto leather and manufacturing that and accomplishing many fine things in rade"will furnish an allSanpete Counleather into boots and shoes; this will

your work; if you will write to us and ty presentation in Salt Lake late in be far more profitable than letting hunlet us know about them, we shall try February. dreds and thousands of hides go to

and share them with other wards of waste as they have done. Others may

the Church who can profit by your EFFECTIVE LIBRARIANSHIP go and make baskets; we do not care

experiences. By Autelia Bennion what they go at, provided they produce

THE POPULAR "AMATEUR Queen Anne and Tacoma wards of thatThosewhichwhowillareproveable ofcangeneralerect woolenbenefit.

PARADE"OF FAIRVIEW Seattle Stake, are preparing ward factories, get a few spindles, raise sheep

NORTH WARD libraries for circulation. If other wards and manufacture the wool. Others may

collections, preparing are that into should be raise manufacture we flax and careful inspiration of the\17hat difficulties glad what their to know cloth, under not that linen be we may "planning, enthuswork, and hard are. successes and for the necessity of sending abroadiastic it. to a cooperation can ward mean for acquiring of books way One in this turn go on way, we shall If we

is at large being a communityand to is of the to library get members your little into traders these producers, which demonstrated by the Fairview North ward to give books that they would will help to enrich the entire people.

a Parade,"weekly "AmateurWard of the like opportunity to others have DisJournal (Brigham Young, of imitation invariety presented program this request reading. make However, 12:373374.) courses, localof using radio and broadcast a will use that reservation the you with fat 13. valleys of are the EphHere intalent competition. prize Begun by to of will your value that those only be are that raim. the elements From I. raise inthe to 1937, February, A. M. or into circulation library. not put Do rich in profusion us around strewn we buildingfunds for the ( which ward new useless old books. shelves with your entire support. gain our can can We 9, as 1939, dedicated on Januarywas gifts, these receive proceed you fillAs flax, raise cotton, the the the the wool,

), effort result this thea of Amateur as their did preparation with with you fruit, sugar. the bread, can and We affirst at purely aParade ward was ( first for collection. the See AugEras ore, the the iron dig copper, out and fair intervals, at but infrequent held ust to 19381939.) Other January, minerals lead, these the mould and and it surattention of the captured soon is the for acquiring of books ways wants, to adminthem and our make the townspeople,rounding wards and auxiliary purchase one to the or ward ister convenience. our comfort and to is anticipated todayand an Wednesday set of course reading books. the Keep

thing, anaccomplish one can and One lives innight of the Sanpete event in used any of every a copy Manual else. other something accomplish can citizens.County of organizations. the

is properly directed, Responding to this "search for talIf you have any money for the purWhen our labor ent"activity, their sons and daughters, chase of books (including fines for one man will go at this employment, and often the "oldsters"themselves, overdue books) consider the industrial and another at that, to bring forth the are given an audition and finally schedand occupational as well as religious things necessary for our mutual conuled for an appearance on one of the books in your selection. venience and comfort. When we are

programs in whatever may be their A very important and helpful dewilling to abide the instructions of our special accomplishment. Weekly winpartment of a library is its picture colleaders, and bring to our aid the knowlners are selected by popular ballot who lection. Make a collection of pictures edge we have received in the countries

then compete in a grand final, conductthat can be used by the organizations from which we have been gathered, alled after each series of twelve proof the wards. Mount them on heavy will then conspire to one end—namely,

grams. An admission price of ten cents paper or mounting cardboard, file them for the building up of the kingdom of

per person is cheerfully paid by never in folders by the subject as the newsGod. ( Brigham Young, Journal of Disfewer than 300 spectators every week, paper clippings are arranged. This colcourses, 9:61.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM (Continued from page 85) tary of the Elector), Luther agreed Miltitz was to withdraw his demountains, Luther was heard. He to write a letter to the pope, "acmand that Luther retract; Luther

tried that before knowledging too been had might be he a German before on the ground threw himself... decision if the went hasty and severe, bishop, and admonand the representative the Cajetan, of

pope, and asked what the errors ishing reverence30 to the Romish against him, he might appeal to a were that he should recant. Cajetan church."general council.

named two: the sole authority of the 30Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 126. Luther wrote the promised letter

scripture in matters of faith; and (1519) and urged the people to adLuther's teaching concerning the here to the Roman church, in spite

sacraments. In his 58th thesis, Luof her faults. However, he retracted

ther had denied that the merits of nothing. As to other differences,

Christ are the treasures of the they might be left to learned men.

church, distributed by indulgences.

in error, Cajetan Luther proveTo INinJanuary,June, his Maximiliangrandson, Charlesdied and,of cited Lu- a bull VI, and of Clement ther replied that the bull did vioSpain, was chosen Emperor.

lence to holy scripture. In regard to The attempted mediation was not

the sacraments and his doctrine of successful. The controversy was

justification by faith alone, without opened again by Eck for the church works, Luther said he could not reand by Carlstadt for Luther at the cant, since his "error"was the teachUniversity of Leipzig. In advance

ing of scripture. To this Cajetan of the discussion, Eck published his

doctheses, dealing with all of them or unwillinglyreplied: "Willingly

letLuther. CANADIAN INDIANS FISHING THROUGH THE ICE trines In a advanced by the secrecant...."mustyou On

ond day of the hearing, Luther preter addressed to Carlstadt, Luther Ice Fishing then challenged Eck. In the debate,sented a protest which, after affirming his allegiance to the church, By James Montagues Luther was drawn by Eck "into a

the of discussion the primacy of conscious of havingsaid: "I am not ice is increasin the holes through FISHING in the course of which he descrip- to holy contrarysaid anything year, as ing each as a sport and a compope,

ture, the church fathers, the papal mercial undertaking in Canada. The ice clared it to be of human appointment

of the lakes indispensable snowcovered and Dominion therefore not and right reason.decrees, or... I now

sportsare attacked wielded with axes by 'that asserted he (and) among... to the judgment myselfsubmit... is living fishermen bringing and men whose conarticles for which was Huss of determinationand fish holy fresh of the frozthe carloads apparently of out

88 there Constance, at were demned en lakes. his offered to defendchurch,"and

Christhat thoroughly just fisherman to were a wants some bag The who Univerbeforeposition an Imperial "a his for table in for not does few own go that tian.'asserted also Luther of Paris.sity University or the or expensive elaborate equipment. Someexist a without could the church time, Luther a second Dismissed times hut, often uses he a he camps on

prepared an answer to Cajetan's acshore, and watches a signal rigged up on pope, and cited the Greek church as cusations of heresy which he conthe ice from the side of a comfortable fire. an example, and affirmed "the docis set signal that a twig His so salvation, the trine beginning when that from compel with: "Only me tocluded

fish bites line the through dangles on 80 which is free gift of to end, an absolutely conscience."against nothingdo my ice, in the the hole a flag twig with a small

s grace. God his with a sent tip will the answer the up, end Having and fisherman on

letter to Cajetan and receiving no knows a fish is waiting for him. In the years from 15181520, Lustill further fishermen nets, ther's beliefs Commercial diverged use they and the "fromreply, appealed Luther

string the ice under them through a series teachings of the accepted from the betterto the popepope illinformed holes of ice through chopped varying from increaswith sought church, he and in the left Augsburginformed"and to six inches inches in thickness. eighteen

night to return to Wittenberg. At They do not sit and watch for a signal. ing zeal to find the correct doctrine

Nuremberg, he learned that before They place many nets. Then once a day in the scriptures. He attacked the

in, they haul a bring catch them and up transubstantiation; he doctrine of already to he hadgoing Augsburg fish of solid the freeze which minute desire that a general the they expressed he apand declared a heretic,been it air. is hit the matter of only pack- a Then decree council the church of would ing in council. or bags, them boxes loading and a future to thempealed

Charles von Miltitz, a Saxon of on sleighs for the nearest town or rail "that communion in both kinds center. freshly fish the laity Trains speed to caught to the as should be given papal the birth, arrived fromnoble city to markets. priests, the that wrote he and we for the the Rosecourt Golden with fish millions of of pounds have Many it."all without Hussites knowing overcome task toElector. ice in caught been the holes in are His was through

the resistance of the Elector so that recent winters, especially in western Can- "For the stability and prosperity of the is fishing ada, winter the preachLuther where considered an Church,"becoming now either be imprisonedLuther might industry. important administraof loFishing ing the are and of camps God Word Miltitz, as a heretic,or sent to Rome essential. tion cated all that principal of the of the sacraments shores lakes on the was

however, attempted mediation. and a vast organization is maintained to However, he did not wish to break with

In December, Cajetan published trek the fish to market, some of the lakes the church of Rome though he would not church. as the Curia over the Roman He a hundred miles from the nearaccepta papal bull, issued in November, being

the the eastalso recognized Hussites est large and market.

affirming the doctrine of indulgences Most of the commercial winter fishing is ern church as parts of the universal church.

as attacked by Luther. done late in January, through February and His attacks on Rome became more proIn an interview with Luther held March, as best transportation is available nounced: "When we hang thieves and beheretics, murderers burn do head and this why time. some of the ManiOnin the house of Spalatin ( the secreduring

these cardinals not lay hands and on the toba lakes ice is sometimes than we more ii, In Jacobs, Martin arg., var. 371 sq.. all the of the rabble Op. popes and Romish thick, feet four that gives solid enough and

113.Luther, p. for trainloads sleighs of horsedrawn ii, arg., var. sq., 379, in Jacobs, Martin footing the p. 294. Christian Doctrine, History of Op

fish railhead. to carry to 31Fisher,,2 Fisher, Christian 116.Luther, p. p. 270. Doctrine, History of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 193 9

PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM Sodom, and bathe our hands in their emperor called his first Diet of the then repeated the defense in Gerif in scripEmpire meet refuted he were by the in JanuWorms. forr a Luthert j i.been u i.had m-jdanger j jto fce firgt fe he tQ thrQw bg The wouM man: time long did His not own violence fire> inst for three the in doctrines his hours the books

peril diminish the unfavoran and the Luther> emperor> and who 'consultation,consultation a thetne emoeroremperor Af"er.ti,,- political in able j turn events j might if rvt +uJ Diet, the -*iJlwithout eviLuther's rejected that demand co?ld hisrns nothmg toto securitvsecurity fatalratal be souahtsougnt pe Hene a banishing decree Luther submitted scrioturescripture fromrrom beDe denceoence proauceaDroduced his position the strenqthen to with ffot. it;* after forf AoU*+;debating sevenOOTr mu;Uwhich alheresies against had him—his P nnhilitvnobility, frarftract, "To rhthe aa wrofpwrote andand lo refused the to Diet approve d J-eauy thatuiu d buccn condemnedwaucmucu, emu.and Nobility of the Christian Lf j German * *,* oofo a

'* *uthat but tLuther 1,be sumif retract the requestedt,or, enough; he would was n,> pr1 y TMaHnn ffirm inin Nation, aaffirmed tWthe wn,Vnwhich he "{ j event before h Luth moned artic les "offensive others would onNveiruu, theueomenwoiua. all..t,, baptized, are of Priesthood who B refused, fto.* uaa*obedience 11 * summons j r* j dealt fairlv refuted Unless be with 2 refuSed retoCt OT reason evSen < scrttur? e +uthe *TatiZte:mohaL'edlke to aS'a iH hto "'-"plied Luther to adhere must s.hlod **%? Pe JbytltL ""ofaHbdi councils of popes the and God; word emperor Luther summoned The in tract, Liberty of another a "The

Christian Man "and attacked varito Worms to give information conhad often contradicted themselves;

ous doctrines of the church in still coming his books and doctrines and it was not safe to act against conanother, "On the Babylonian Capfurnished him with a safeconduct. science. The official denied that

tivity of the Church."When he appeared before the Diet, popes and councils had erred and

In the meantime,'the pope had he was asked two questions by the threatened Luther, who concluded signed a bull of excommunication, official of the Archbishop of Treves: with the famous words, Here I

June 1 5, 1 520, against Luther. When dic* he acknowledge the books on the stand. I can do not otherwise. God

it reached Wittenberg, Luther pubbench beside him to be his? Would help me. Amen,

licly burned the books of church he retract their contents? On the twentysixth, Luther left

law and the bull. Rome had not acSchurf, who had been given to Worms over the road to Eisenach,

cepted the doctrines and reforms he Luther as advocate, said, "Let the At Friedberg, he dismissed the improposed, and he broke openly with titles be named."After the reading perial herald who had also accomher. of the titles, Luther requested furpanied him to Worms with a letter

With no forces of his own, the ther time for consideration and was to the emperor and the Diet, pope demanded in a papal brief that given until the next day. Luther's carriage was attacked on

the emperor enforce the bull. The On the following day he was askthe way by armed horsemen, and

Elector Frederick requested the Emed by the official Eck if he would he was carried off to the Wartburg, peror that Luther be heard before defend all of the books or if he would a knightprisoner, a secret to be steps were taken against him. The retract some of them? In a speech kept from friend and foe.

cstiin, Martin Lather, p. 186. in Latin, Luther made answer and (To be Continued)

PRIESTHOOD AND MINISTRY

(Concluded from page 75) right living. The Savior said to His they are to be taught how properly to ceived the Melchizedek Priesthood or

disciples: "Let your light so shine bedo that kind of work. They should be the temple ordinances, and are thereby

fore men that they may see your good taught how to keep themselves clean in danger of losing their wives and works and glorify your Father which and tidy; how to sweep, dust, clean children and possibly their salvation. I

is in Heaven."(Matt. 5:16.) A delamps and Sacrament sets, make fires, regard this as a lamentable condition,

pendable person will try to keep his and with the fire and proper ventilation What can be done to bring these memcovenants. It is a serious matter to be keep an even temperature for the combers into Church activity, and to pre-

a covenant breaker. fort of the people. pare those boys from 12 to 19 years of

In that remarkable revelation on If they are to do ushering work, they age who hold the Aaronic Priesthood

Priesthood known as the 107th Secshould be taught by actually doing the worthily to receive the Melchizedek tion in the Doctrine and Covenants, thing—how properly and noiselessly Priesthood when they reach the age of

comprising one hundred verses, the to open and close the door, walk across 19 years? These are questions which

Lord concludes by saying: "Wherethe floor, seat the congregation, etc. should give to the ward and stake offifore, now let every man learn his duty, If they are to be used in gathering fast cers serious consideration and immediand to act in the office in which he offerings, they should be taught how to ate action.

is appointed, in all diligence. He that do so in the most approved way, so All along the line of Aaronic Priestis slothful shall not be counted worthy as not to give offense, but to make the hood activity in the Church, a chief aim

to stand, and he that learns not his duty Saints feel that they are the people's of teachers and others having in charge and shows himself not approved shall servants, aidde-camps to the bishop, the work should be to prepare the boy, not be counted worthy to stand."So, the Deacons should be taught all as he progresses in the Priesthood from

(Verses 99 and 100.) The General the things they may have to do in magDeacon to Priest, to be worthy when

Authorities have had these admonitions nifying the Priesthood. Others in the 19 years of age to receive the office

in mind in preparing for the Priesthood Priesthood should receive similar of an Elder, and as an Elder to be of the Church a period for study training in the labors pertaining to their worthy to go to the temple for marriage and a course of study; also a meeting callings. They best learn to do by when marriage is contemplated, and to

period for the activities of the quorum doing. avoid being classed as an Adult

where the members may receive assignReports show that there are in the Aaronic Priesthood member which, for ments of labor, receive reports of Church 35,000 Adult Aaronic Priest- a man who has been a member of the labors performed, and be taught how hood members. These are men over Church from youth, is evidence of some

best to accomplish the labors assigned. 20 years of age, most of them married lack either of the man himself or of

If the Deacons are to do janitor work, and raising families without having rethe "shepherds of the flock."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

THE "OLD BOYS"OF THE M. A. C.

(Concluded from page 91) the M. A. C. once more in the limeyears old now and is rated one of

called the M. A. C. Old Boys. Most light, and carried off the Hawke's the best forwards in New Zealand.

of the players were former students Bay Championship for 1938 in comEverard Jackson, a forward, last fastest of the and with some against played year the Springboks school,of the of but them had petition some in aggressive most teams Zeathis AllBlacks, with the year and New thenever school seen only and were land. chosen to with he was to go themfriends of the Things Mormons. also present team tour Australia has some The they completely where

were different now. The school great players. Hirini Crawford has routed everything Australia had to

boys had become big, hardened men played for the M. A. C. school and offer. Sid Jackson, Everard 's brothand relied more on power and spirit "Old Boys"for fourteen years and er, is just getting old enough to come

than on training. But the blue and is considered by many to be the best into his own, but this year he was

white were once again on the field, "loose forward"in Hawke's Bay. chosen to go with the Maori Alland the players, singing "Dear Old Tori Reid toured England and CanBlacks to the Fiji islands. He is a

M. A. C."in going to and from the ada with the New Zealand "Allfullback and a fine kicker with either

games, fought for their alma mater. Blacks"in 1935 and has also played foot. The M. A, C. team has many

It was not long before the hardagainst the famous "Springboks"other great players today and as a playing team of "Old Boys"brought from South Africa. He is only 25 team they are truly champions.

MORMON MISSIONARIES ON SWEDEN'S TELEVISION SCREEN [Concluded from page 90) best will do."A long article, exdescent and are occupied in getting better

acquainted the their foreland with of appreciation pressing to the celebinvitedand especially them atto fathers. It will of interest that to be know rities had so generously whotend given they the Club's interest for in sports, keen reception have which Pearl

Buck upon her arrival in Stockholm of their time and talent concluded: illustrated today when one of their teamsis.

plays the Estonian champions, the and anticipated appreciated keenly and Anto receive Prize. the Nobel "The other the plays Sundsvall in the Police Navy of part the program the appearance wasFriendly Four"not only attended, at 8 p. Udell m. Mr. Sorenson Gym quartet. the of amateur American The four

but were featured on that occasion young students are Don A. Carlson, W. their "manager."is

as well, and were brought back twice Claudell Johnson, E. LeRoy Olson, and

VirMatson, accompanied Singers"Mrs. a Joseph "The by gave Harmony enthusiasticby encores. story The

B. ginia names! They in L. concert Larson—Swedish the S. chapel at D. picture their ofand performance hit distinct typical a with their made Amer-

2. Svartensgatan on December Unwhich the appeared following in day spirituals."songs, ican including "negro

the newspapers, gave an excellent They belong to the religious group which usual stage settings, which contribaccount of their work. is know in Sweden as "De Sista Dagarnas uted much to the success of the evetheir in Helige,"and which American homening, thepossible were made by

the is generally as known Mormon atrical houses supgave hearty who It is that quite the The press had also been kind to landChurch. quarapparent

them following their appearance on tet is not only gifted with good voices, port to these enthusiastic young television, but they received highest but also with good American student humor. Mormons. StockholmsTidningen

four the under appeared The nameconsideration after the concert, to an- "The again their support came by when

Friendly to belong a chorus Four"andtheir picture appeared time features a second the of the nouncing conas Singers.""American known Harmony

alone, with the caption, "Only the They are, as names suggest, of Swedish cert.

THE NATIVE BLOOD

{Continued from page 81) no mistake about it, that colt was ing emphasis between the long teeth INatawney Begay, a speed freak. When he was two

as the old man leaned back in mounting in his teens, found few years old he had no rival in that despair against the wall. His last horses fast enough to pass the bay part of the reservation, and they

lingering hope of ever seeing the mare, and he followed the racenamed him Tillego, (Speed).

phantom horse again died away in track with the zeal of impulsive Yoinsnez, from his longago pahis mind like a mournful echo. It youth. He challenged everything poosehood, had held the proud bebecame a changed world. Shapes that pretended to have speed, lief that the Navajos are the most

of mirage still twisted the distant whether man or horse, and few superior race, that their horses, on.

skyline where the two raised hands could stay with him on a halfmile which they live and move and withwere ever a feature of hazy entrack. out which they could not make their

chantment beyond gray rocks and The racing blood in Yoinsnez invincible fight with drouth and deshills far away. mounted to new heights of pride as ert, are the best horses known to

Something vital had gone out of his sonin-lawto-be carried off the man. He had been taught that white

honors at every celebration, but Eltmen are an effeminate breed andthe old man's life—the magic lure

had vanished from the mesa, taking ceesie was passive in according him their horses a hothouse variety rewith it the charm of the years. The the muchcoveted recognition as quiring particular feed and careful'

yucca blooms became dry pods all fittest. shelter. Begay and his swift brown

too soon every summer, and the One day as the bay mare flew at colt warmed this cherished convicshadows of the monuments, reachtop speed over the track, her brown tion in the old man's heart, and into ing in the long afternoons across the colt, startled by a lowflying buzits comforting shadows he tried to desert, seemed to bode darker shadzard, shot past her like an antelope. hide away from the persistent worows from some ranch in a far away Begay became greatly excited and ries of the past and the haunting of

country called Texas. contrived to try them out again the future.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

The Native Blood THE CHURCH IN THE NATION'S CAPITAL

Yet the evil fortunes foreshadow- {Continued from page 79) the world that he had seen God the ed by Peejo's maledictions seemed Father, and His Son Jesus Christ, and to be coming, coming. In a dismal ident Frank Evans of the Eastern that God had spoken to him, thus

February when hateful spirits unStates Mission as the speaker. When making known again to the world that

their into Saints Latterday moved Christ the two were Jesus and God the the over cold windsseen rode the in perchapel in Washington Novemdistinct bodies new and with persons at the old struckreservation, they this join ber, to they 1933, that were invited man's, similar sonalities to and man's faithful noloki, and she lay group, which they did, and on Thanksthey both live. After that great event

on her blankets in torment a long giving Day, 1934, these union services the Prophet Joseph Smith himself and time and then died, leaving them in were held in the Mormon chapel. The other leaders had various contacts and

loneliness and gloom. chapel was filled to overflowing and missions in Washington. Complete inEltceesie, pining for that promised several hundred persons were turned formation about those visits is not availvisit from a certain cattleranch in away, as not even standing room reable. Some facts are known, however,

far away Texas, went away to mained. and show that some of the brethren

school at Shiprock, across the line were in the Nation's Capital several to interest Prophet Smith Joseph and times of deep on matters oldin Mexico, and the man The New Early Other Church the Church. Leaders1 in sorrow. came She lowstooped Visited organiafter the nine years Washington 1839, In

back for her summer vacation, but zation of the Church and almost one of the leaders a hundred Church arrived short; HThe she stayher when was ago, the years Prophet Joseph hundred

welso cordially * years not ago were left in andthe bloom yucca was to Higbee Elias came Smith and Judge when it became a green hard pod, comed and accepted among the people. Washington for the purpose of laying

and after her first visit the old man It has required time, personal contact, before the President of the United watched the fading of the blooms and correct information to break down States, Martin Van Buren, the cause with dread, feeling worse when she the early prejudice against the Church. of the Latterday Saints against the

had gone than if she had never come From early in Church history its State of Missouri. On the journey and

leaders have members and made many held a numthose brethren here while all.at'

official, business, personal and year meetings. same of That ber like other old people who various But it trips to only yet Washington, was published P. Pratt an address Parley

quarrel with and nag at those they recently that a regular branch of the in pamphlet form setting forth the love the best, the old man nursed Church was organized here. Naturally principles of the Gospel, and this was

a chronic hurt because of Eltceesie's in the early days of the Church it was distributed among the members of Conseeming estrangement from the ways not as well and favorably known as it [Continued on page 120) and ideals of her people. She preis now, which emphasizes the need of

ferred life as they lived and taught the Church becoming well known.

In revival the religious during 1820, of school; talked sheit in the what

of that period, ProtENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW when the many their splenandwhite had done men did power to do. estant sects were establishing churches $25. Discount on a Complete

Her father insisted that the Navainlation,Washington,the Propheta townJosephof 13,220Smith,poputhen COURSEA StateINAccreditedBEAUTY SchoolCULTURE jos are superior as a race, that they residing near Palmyra, New York, had have better bodies, more activity, just had his first vision in the Sacred Ogden School of Beauty Culture greater endurance. He could not reGrove, after which he announced to Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH

frain from adding that they are the aThis information about the early contacts of Name -..

their leading that of in brethren of foot, the Church Washington,most fleet and D. C,

Address.City.State obtained from was Fielding Elder Smith. Joseph fastest are the toughesthorses and

in the world. Her amused smile at

his ideas stung his cherished pride.

at the medicine even scoff "You stalwart of a You will want to read these dream son andman's wandering weakling you will never again,"see he grumbled. to

secret fear was that she New Contributions Her again;really see never him would

in father, Literature hiswhile her down heart, L+ EX $ Church was equally fearful the wanderer

F. LIFE IN JOSEPH SMITH THE MEXICO OF COLONIES MORMON time. appear at anymight Yet when Fielding Elder Smith Joseph By Cottam Romney Thomas By

of This splendid the on work all these threw heshe went away his of sonlife late President record the Smith outstanding Mormon by Cf| An disapas sheregretfully mind from S. NMwU<lJO in Dr. L. D. should every home Romney, be a man achievement by

peared over the lonely hill in the PRIESTHOOD AND CHURCH WELFARE whotell itknows his subject and how to <j?0p.OUCfj

distance, leaving him and his silent A new study course for the MelchizAUTOBIOGRAPHY OF ANDREW unPriesthood prepared Quorumshogan fljl of direction of the the to grieve the past and dread deredek Council JENSON * 'OE P Twelvethe future. the pen of the delightful book from A

into his cup of Assistant But Church Historian sorrow was veteran PROPHET OF THE life of interesting a long SMITH bitter ingredient: anothermixed $2.00 from ex-- <t*QN"*"***CQ periences Fielding Smith A TEACHINGSJOSEPHBy Joseph

bluff and burly white man came and put up a store almost in his doorWrite lor lists of other books yard. The white man's sandy hair

nose over a mouth wide heavyand Deseret Book Company! only the loud matchedwere by

I Salt Lake City, Utah 44 East South Temple ponderous laugh with andwords which that mouth was always full. HD<tl)()l)'<il)lB(MBa( |'a<>W<t

(To be continued.) 119

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

THE CHURCH IN THE NATION'S CAPITAL {Continued from page 119) gress, the Church of Jesus Christ of portunity was found, even on the floor

Saints Latterday dissolved Senate. the States of has and United was Hegress to the President his and and Cabof the held has the property he sermons and preached much by many inet. of the remembers Church No his the to to escheated the personal testimony borne Church United was insided at that time. Washington States. in truths that the of 25, the 1893, such on October Gospel And a way later, years 10, 1841, August Two to for lives of property the returned the influenced has he Church good wasthe at Prophet council Smith Joseph a the States persons. government. United by many

Illinois, in heldmeeting diNauvoo, of leaders the In to of the addition Senator and were Church Smoot Some that rected missionaries sent be in to in presithis as connection others those with acted Washington have whoWashington, 16, D. on and August C, matter. States dents Mission, of Eastern the

to appointed laborSamuel James was in presidents, the 1904-6 counhearings Again Branch Washington whenhere. called E. Page John was by selors, secretaries, choristreasurers, the held being Senate were by Comrevelation in in to 1843 preach Washters, officers, in organists, Privileges of mittee teachers Elections on and andington, did, three baptizing or he which

in the auxiliary the the of matter protests oragainst the groups, Priesthoodfour persons. Elders Orson and Hyde his right special ganizations, missionaries, of as to hold Hon. and Smoot Reed

in Pratt to presentOrson 1844 came after in certain seat of the States Senate, be should mention United madethe of the cause to Saints Latterday his office election to that other a majority conhave by members made whothe President, Tyler, his and John ability their in tributions the in voters of of time November, and Utah Later,Cabinet. Kimball, Heber C. the called of au- a 1902, to so whenever good upon do by Church many Smith,William and Lyman Wight thorities for in others exthose authority. to Such came and men Washjoined President them. Young, Brigham as ington witnesses. as Clark, those President ample Reuben Among J.in Little sent 1846, to Elder Jesse C. later State Smith, of President were: F. Undersecretary and Joseph Amrelief to seekWashington for some Smith, Francis to bassador Dr. A. Mexico; Lyman, WidtHenry John M. John exiledthe saints. stricken and Out in soe, for Special Smith, time a Talmage, E. Counselor James Hyrum this visitof call the for the came Morthe Interior Merrill, Department; Thatcher, Charles E. James Moses Judge Battalion, the thing not whichmon was Assistant Merrill, SecreMerrill, Moyle, H. H. was John Alma Thomas whothe brethren sought, ofbut what was in tary President Carlisle, Brigof the Treasury Cannon, G. Angus M.fered to them. Administration, Roberts, Brimhall, Wilson's H. H. George ham Woodrow after In 1847, the of headquarters recently the President of and Penrose, Charles Budge, William was who W.the to Salt Church were moved Lake is Eastern States Linford, Mission Young, and Richard H. Wilnow J. W.City, the Saints and were permanently of liam Senators Eccles, Customs; Langton, Commissioner N. David Oleen a

settled in the Bernhisel West, John M. Stohl, P. Elbert Thomas; H. Holmgren, and King H. Stephen D. John Wm.and sent to Babbit Almon were W. in former others. Spry, Love, Governor and WashWm. petition withWashington seeking a ington as orFederal Since Commissioner; the 830, Land Church when wasStatehood. result this petition of a As ganized, other Congressmen Howell, Milton Joseph been have members 1many

territory the aUtah was made law by re- B. in for Colton, reason Welling, anor H. and one Washington Don

thesigned President 9, by September cently other. as labored of Will them Roband have Murdock Abe Some J. effective1850, in early February, and inson; Iverson, in missionaries the States SpeEastern Gustav A. MisJudge

1851; and later was admitted to Statesion; cial Assistant General, into the Attorney of have some had positions

4, 1896.hood January fluence States of in the others United Department government; were

Elder Orson Pratt was called to labor on official missions for the state or terHarold A. Lafount, formerly memberJustice;

here as a missionary in 1852 and to ritory, others on personal business. of the Federal Radio Commission;

preside the Saints in the over Eastern to legal adviser then D. Casto, are only George Those named above a few ot

States. Elder Jedediah Grant M. the history. Alien Custodian, Property later those important and in Church

in this first labor.joined him numThe others. all of these able persons have While of inber published Seer The was Febin increase of Church number The their buildcontributions added toward 1ruary, publication 853. disThis was in Capital the the during members ing in the city of the the up Lord work aftercontinued half about a one and 1 in since due 933 and was World War the of branch perhaps Washington,years. Elders Taylor George and John large polito the measure emergency to Smoot, Senator more owes Reed visited inA. 1857. Smith Washington cies resultthe of Federal government, the of a was of Council who member the the Saints days During were when ing in increasing greatly of numbers his the thirty during years Twelve sorelyso persecuted the and Edmundsof the Federal employees and members 8 in States here the Senate, United 22, ofTucker 1882, law was March in cresharing those Church newly to than other person. In a the any one against practice the pluralpending of positions. ated is general the branch a memorial waymarriage, President Cannon, George Q.

to the persistent able and Church work in Meetings Early F. Smith, Penrose, Washington CharlesJoseph W. of at presided Elder Smoot. and He in others Nuttall, ofL. Held to Members Homes and came John

his in of the conducted meetings most the facts to the lay aboutWashington if that, in at, history even not shows presided did home, and he own /hurch its teachings before the andChurch is no organizedCongress and the President. Some conduct, the meetings he attended in places where there

religious meetings were held by those rented halls up to the time he left in branch, when Sunday comes, members brethren when here, but they were of 1933. of the Church usually get together and

a semiprivate nature and primarily for He has helped many young men and hold religious meetings. That is what

in did they Brother to obtain in Washington. and employment Washof the Church.members Those men women

Sister for it possible ington and I. E. Willey and Frank them made J. Canfor not here of prosethe purposewere

lyting, but for the purpose of clearing to gain an education in the universities non and wife held meetings in their away the prejudice against the Church. here, and thus he has been a real factor homes in 1901-4, especially when

the Eastern Rich of Ben. E. the attraction of members to the President On March 3, 1887, by act of Conin

branch. States Mission, Apostle Henry John

also Territorial Delegate 2John was M. Bernhisel

to Congress part of He encouraged young people to be Smith, or other authorities of the in Washington and was for a each of 10 years—185159 and 186163. active in the Church work and diChurch were in the city.

sPresident Wilford the Woodruff issued "manirected its course. He urged those who Senator Smoot and Congressmanfesto"respecting the discontinuance of the practice

of polygamy by the Church, September 26, 1890, and came to the city to attend the meetings Howell were elected to the United it 6, 1890, at Conference October was approved and and to live the Gospel, and he explained States Senate and the House of RepreStatesPresident Harrison of Benjamin the United issued his "Amnesty Proclamation"January 4, 1893. the truths of the Gospel wherever opsentatives, respectively, in November,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

The Church

THE ADVERTISERS and Where You Will Find Their Messages in the Nation's Capital Beneficial Life Insurance Co Mountain Fuel Supply Co 67 1902, and took office March 4, 1903. Back Cover New Grand Hotel 68

Culture..ll9 of School Beauty Ogden University 125 Brigham Young first after they took CongressThe

98 PorterWalton Co Oil 67 Continental Companyoffice 1904. in January, They convened Culture.. of 123 Beauty School Provo 119 Deseret Book Company latter in the toboth Washington came Culture.. of 68 Beauty School Quish Press 126 Deseret News betime spentpart of 1903 some and Hills Park 69 Memorial Rose of 127 Federal Art School

coming familiar with their new duties. Ghirardelli Co 98 SchossRead Electric Co 123

Senator Smoot lived at the Raleigh Globe Mills 99 Shell Oil Company 65

Hotel and Congressman Howell at the Hotel Lankershim 127 Standard Brands, Inc 123... 127 Engraving Utah Co famDriscol Hotel. Their wives and International Harvester Co Insurance Fire Co...125 Home first,ilies at not did them accompany Inside Front 121 Refining Co. Oil Cover UtahUtah until theirbut waited husbands had

.. KSL Radio Station 98 Producers'Poultry Assn. Utah

located satisfactory residences.... Inside Back Cover Woodbury College 67

In a letter to the writer of this article, L. D. S. Business College 68 Z. C. M. I 125

dated June 15, 1937, Senator Reed

Smoot says that when they first came to Washington after their election he Washington in the homes of other and profitable meeting together. Elder

and Congressman Joseph Howell and members of the Church. Mrs. Joseph Reed Smoot presided and conducted

their two clerks held meetings in ConHowell, wife of Congressman Howell, the exercises and asked Elder Lewis gressman Howell's room. in a recent letter to the writer said that T. Cannon and Congressman Howell

Congressman Howell's records also her husband's records, which she has, to speak "and then occupied the balance show that Sunday morning, November tell of his going at 7 o'clock p. m. to of the time himself in an instructive and

8, 1903, Senator Smoot and his clerk, attend one of these "usual Sunday eveearnest address."

Carl A. Badger, called on him at his ning gatherings"at the home of Elder In December, 1904, Mr. Howell's

room and remained for half an hour, I. E. Willey and his wife, Emily Canfamily accompanied him to Washingduring which time they discussed the non Willey. ton and they rented and occupied the

developments in the contest of SenCongressman Howell said there were house at 1828 Calvert Street, N. W.

ator Smoot's rights as United States present at that meeting: Senator Reed From that time until they moved from

Senator, and that "Mr. Smoot was full Smoot, Congressman Joseph Howell, that address, June 1, 1906, regular Sacof hope and ready and anxious to meet Carl A. Badger, Lewis Telle Cannon, rament meetings were conducted at

his accusers. 'Thrice is he armed whose Mr. and Mrs. I. E. Willey, Mr. and their home. From December, 1906, to

cause is just'may be properly said of Mrs. H. Z. Lund, Mr. and Mrs. Alex. the late summer of 1907, the Howell

his feelings in the matter."Nielson, Mr. Chris Hogenson, and Mrs. family rented the home at 1026 VerAs early as November 8, 1903, in- A. N. Schilling and her daughter. mont Avenue, N. W., where regular

formal meetings were also held in He said they had a very pleasant (Continued on page 122)

In Cold Weather You Need to Change Oil Frequently

Oil becomes diluted and thin in cold weather, due to frequent use of the choke. It's wise to have your crackcase drained

now and refilled with fresh, clean, toughbodied Vico, the oil that flows freely in cold weather and thus brings quicker starting. Drive in at your nearest Vico dealer for prompt, MOTORICOOIL careful service.

PEP88,GASOLINE LOOK FOR THE VICOPEP 88 SIGN Stations Everywhere in Utah and Idaho

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

THE CHURCH IN THE NATION'S CAPITAL [Continued from page 121) Washington Branch Organized

Sunday Sacrament meetings were also PJormal branch organization began conducted. * with the formation of a Sunday

Senator Smoot said that for a part School May 30, 1920, Elder James of the time when meetings were not Byron Barton being superintendent.

held in either his or Congressman The Washington branch was formally

Howell's homes the meetings were held organized the next month, under the in the apartment of Mr. and Mrs. A. B. direction of Eastern States Mission

Hodges and family, converts to the President George W. McCune, and

Church. The dates or other records Elder Barton as first branch president.

of such meetings, if there are any, are Other branch organization followed not available. including the Young Women's Mutual

In December, 1907, Senator Smoot Improvement Association, February 1 1 rented a house on Connecticut Avenue 1923, Sylvia Barlow Tingey, president;

just north of R Street, N. W., where followed by the Young Men's Mutual

the meetings were held until December Improvement Association; the Relief

18, 1909, when construction was comSociety, February 13, 1926, Grace pleted on his own home at 2521 ConStringham Colton, president; Gennecticut Avenue, N. W., where the ealogical Committee, April 19, 1933,

meetings were held for more than 10 Ronald C. Bulkley, president; Primary

years thereafter until the members Association, November 12, 1933, Hepsy were too numerous to be accommoBerry Burch, president.

dated. (See photograph.) Since 1920, and until the WashingSenator Smoot presided and conton branch was divided into three units

ducted these meetings when present, in August of this year (see The Imand he was rarely absent. When he provement Era, October, 1938, page

was unable to attend, Congressman 606 for names and details) five branch

Howell usually presided and conducted presidents had served in Washington:

the services. All members of the James B. Barton, Louis E. McArthur,

Church in Washington and visitors Hugh W. Colton, Edgar B. Brossard,

who desired to come were invited and Samuel R. Carpenter.

welcomed to all of these meetings. In From a branch boasting an estimated

time even the spacious home of Senator 50 to 60 persons at its early meetthat times three perhaps ings, with couldSmoot not accommodate those the in of the Church members to meeting. many camewho

to number city, grown had Washington especially, During the World War the of members 1800 approximately all parts from cameso members many rolls the branch on with 1400 Church, not there that room the countryof was in the Senator's home to accommodate and an average of 400 attendance at them. Furthermore, many of the memSacrament meetings before the recent

bers felt that it was an unwarranted division. Some functions during the

burden imposed upon the Senator and year brought out congregations of 700 his family to have such a large group Top: Senator Reed Smoot's Home: Corner persons.

his residence every at privategather and Calvert Street, Avenue N. W., Special Activities Connecticut D. Avenue, C. (2521 the Senator whileSunday, and

held S. Meetings were D. here was Washington,ofN. ConnecticutW.) L. from

glad to have them continue to meet December IS, 1909 t May 23, 1920. HPwo activities of the branch which

there, when he realized it was no longer Center: The "Eye Street Building"(1731 * are part of the Churchwide pro-

D. Latterday Eye St, C.) N. W. Washington, in joined group with theadequate, he mention. special As deserve gram held buildinj meetings place meeting andsearch for a new and in Saintsfor seven the chapel to was completed soon as 1927. 30, Mayin this29, 1920 of years—MayWashington

the spring of 1920 rented for the SunBottom: Washington Auditorium, where meetdedicated November 5, 1933, President

ings of L. at were D. S. Church services the Hall 1731 Eye theday set apart called and J. Grant months, and five May 29, photograph.)Street, (See charge to take N. W. P. Kimball 1927held toduringOctobersix years29, lateHeberEdward 1933.

This large red brick former residence as organist in the Washington Chapel of Boardwas owned by the National included Organizations, whichFarm how) for 6 years and 5 months, the last andInformationto be inatchargethe chapel.of the ElderBureauKimof

The Farmers Educational and Cooperbeing held there on Sunday, October ball played organ recitals nearly every ative Union of America, The National 29, 1933. The next Sunday, Novemnight except Sundays, giving 1001 rethe chapel dedi- 5, 1933, new was Federaber ProducersCooperative Milk and 5, 1933, citals between November

all cated. Since then meetings and State Grange,tion, Pennsylvania The 45,000 1937, which 15, March

activities in that Church held been have Union. Equity Farmers hisand The enjoyed, by and persons had

jewel, so the rare a even magamong presentations in spoken continued meetings lovely and music the "Eye The nificent the churches of Washington, the history until and for 7 years, Building"the ofStreet Gospel learned May

Saint Chapel. photo- (Sec Kimball was enLatter-day29, having Elder 1927, branch of the Church. when the

tirely outgrown those quarters, rented graph, page 78.) more than a skilled musician. He was

that part of the Washington AudiAt the first Sacrament meeting in the an able and wellinformed missionary torium Building known as "The As- "Eye Street Building"Elder Reed and an admirable character. His labors

sembly Hall"(see photograph), forSmoot presided and conducted the exin the branch have made an invaluable merly used for performances of the ercises as he had done for so many contribution to its success.

Grand Opera, National Geographic years in his own home, as there were This work so auspiciously begun by

Society Lectures, Automobile Shows, no formal branch organizations. HowElder Kimball has been carried on by

and other functions. ever, the need for such was now apElders Alexander Schreiner during the

The branch managed to hold serparent and they were created and besummer of 1937, and D. Sterling

vices there (we sometimes wonder gan functioning at once. Wheelwright by regular appointment

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

is result, a being prejudice broken down THE CHURCH IN THE NATION'S CAPITAL for are being evaluated and Mormons of the First Presidency of the Church They have been influential in reestab- what they individually are and do, during the spring and since early aulishing branches of the Church in a without bias against their Church contumn of 1937. few places, have baptized a number of nections.

These musical feasts have been enpersons who learned of the Gospel In fact in many places it is a mark of joyed by large groups of Washingtonlargely through their efforts, and have favorable distinction to be a member ians by special invitation. Embassy held many cottage meetings in the of the Church. Naturally a people

staffs, for example, have come to hear homes of members and friends. that preach the high ideals of the

special recitals of the music of their This work in the Capital district Church are expected by others to be country, and all haveown organized President under been apprewas Don B. anotherunusuallywords, whereclean andmuchableis givenpeople.muchIn entertained.ciative and enjoyably of the Colton Eastern States Mission

Each year Dr. and Mrs. Melvin C. and was directed by Elder Riley A. is expected. Roughly, in proportion

Merrill and Mrs. Edgar B. Brossard Gwynn of Washington. The special to the way in which they have measured

and the writer and others have invited missionary work, however, was taken up to the teachings of the Gospel the their respective government office assoover largely by the Seventy's Quorum members have won the respect and the of their fellow men and recitals, thatciates to special planned and when body was organized, Occonfidence in has Church and in numbers grown 1935. tober 27, for their entertainment.given On each

influence. these occasions than of moreof two

400 guests enjoyed the organ music and Summary As members have increased, the elsewhere, as in Washington, branch of restfulnessthe comfort, charm, and is facts apparent of Tt the from record has better chapel and has a obtained cordial the Chapel,the welcome and the about in of the effigrowth Church to maintain a able more on been officers hosts.of as the branch

that there while Washington are organizations auxiliary many the cient plane outunique of activity other and The it unique features, is in general yet protection for and the of the Church is significance that of the spestanding typical is of elseplace taking what the for of the education and memberscial called missionaries President by in the where East. After a hundred truth nonmembers. of spreading among disto set apart andHeber Grant J. years of live trying in to is its accordance through members Church The literature, Gospel, thetribute preach with principles the teaching and the of in Washingwell enough known now in effective the carry everyand way as Gospel represented the by places along the Atat Mormon other ton and life salvationtruths of of the plan and Church, the of the members exfriends that lantic are Church so seaboard folks city, country town,to the and are winning recognition their inits merit on teachings with amining renewedresiding miles of radius of within 100 a as of and ideals it high men so helps and that terest women to has learn what Virginia, in Maryland,Washington,

character, this good reand has to what be and won women men much make so Pennsylvania, Virginia, andWest spect for their faith beliefs and has they and they to ought be and do whaton.

reflected credit their upon Church. to do. ought As misspecial of these 53 There were

sionaries, called from among the more than 300 young men in Washington, who are mostly returned missionaries.

They have had considerable success. ASK YOUR GROCER FORTest Case

{Continued from page 87) FLEISCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST had ever been on it. When that one Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes

had been treated, another followed. every day.

The only voice above the lessening ofgroans pain, was Brent's, crisp, defiROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS confidenceinspiring.nite, and

It seemed unbelievable that one man Seven delicious flavors—lemon, orange, cherry, strawberry,

could do all that he did in so short a raspberry, pineapple, lime. And use Royal Salad Gelatin for

time. Cuts were sewed up; fractures salads, appetizers and main course dishes.

were put in splints; dislocated joints

put back in place; bandages and healing ROYAL PUDDINGSlotions applied.

his Perspiration flowed white down wholesome arrowroot. Three Made with flavors—Chocolate,

likeface. balls His eyes burned of Vanilla delicious and Butterscotch. Also make homemade ice

fire. cream.

At last, he drew his hand exhaustedly his eyes. jobacross was The done. ROYAL BAKING POWDER lost! not heavens, a life WithinThank

a few weeks this nightmare would be The only nationallydistributed baking powder made with cream a thing of the past. of tartar. Dependable and economical.

Then he went over to an improvised cot where a boy lay with a bandaged head. He bent over him quickly;picked up a limp wrist. ATTEND

There was alarm in his eyes, but he Let me do your IRONING just veiled it before he raised them to those One Week! Signed—Fred Schoss Prove School of Beauty Culture

is the School The Promise Where Keptother eyes the around watching room 1st 11 East No., Prove Utah

intensity. close with suchhim He had

Life's for income a investment A meager TfonFrfe this afraid just that hadn'tbeen been off your you

Fill in further lor coupon scalp for as minor free it appeared demonfeet.a wound on AskTakes

information stration.the surface. been boy have would The Phone No.or2

ifconscious been. it had by now ELECTRIC CO. 1 SCHOSSREAD

It was Cass Byer. At his head, his OGDEN TREMONTON

{Concluded on page 124)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

Test Case er.Brent"Mrs.turnedByer?"back to the boy's mothlysmiledinto wanlythe nearestat his chair;helpers;andsankclosedweakhis

{Concluded from page 123) The tall, gaunt woman's eyes were eyes.

mother and sister stood like two carven tortured. She twisted her gnarled A hand fell on his shoulder. "Marimages, sensing disaster. Brent looked hands together. She looked at her unvelous, my boy."

away from them and met the full, hostile conscious boy, at her angry brother, Brent looked up into the face of Dr.

gaze of Lud Twiney, towering in the at the slender, whitefaced doctor. Hill from Lofton.

doorway. Then he turned to the two "Go ahead,"she said hoarsely. Lutie "I came as soon as I heard what had

young men who had been helping him. grasped her mother's hand in mute aphappened. Fortunately, I wasn't need-

"Put him on the table again, boys. proval. ed. When they told me what was going

Easy."And helped them to do it. "Good,"Brent said briefly. on inside, I couldn't resist coming in.

"Now, the rest of you get out. You I hope you will forgive me. I never

JTIe removed the bandages. may come back in half an hour."saw a cleaner piece of work. And

With careful, sensitive fingers he There was a movement toward the Dr. Ritter and I have always wished

the the bruisedprobed and wound area door. nearer Only than surgeon Twiney Lud a two had held his we

it.around firmly. ground miles to us. can hundred we My boy,

feared. Yes. Swiftly, he what It was "I said, there. regularly whippersnapper, use you No! But you down

his mind went back to a day in the and I meant it. Men, pick the boy up."this is no time for things like that.

hospital during his last year there. He Brent gave not an inch. His eyes You are worn out. Get to bed. I am

had seen Dr. Rayburn perform the were like points of steel. "This is my in charge here now."

skilful, hazardous operation that a office. Get out."Brent stood up, his head swimming.

wound like this one required. Could For a moment he thought the man He wondered where he would sleep.

he do it? was going to strike him, but his eyes He must find something to eat, too.

But of course he could. Wasn't he never wavered. Lud's huge fist drew Maybe if he got some fresh air it would

a surgeon? Hadn't he gone over and back. Then a woman's voice cut help.

over each meticulous detail of that across the stillness. Dr. Hill was talking cheerfully to the

operation, alone both Dr. with and Ray- "Lud the were filling Twiney, get out."It was Mrs. men doorway who

later, untilburn heart? them he knew by voice. Davis'all right. again, so everything be must

Besides, he must. Without it, the boy Lud's eyes shifted. He sensed a He turned, felt his knees give way.

would be dead within two hours. sympathy for the young doctor in the He didn't fall. A dozen hands reach-

"Mrs. Byer,"he said simply, "I must faces around him. He turned and ed for him, but it was Lud Twiney who

operate now-—a delicate operation. strode off. held him up.

Without it Cass cannot live two hours. Quickly, Brent moved to apply the "Get my car,"he called. "I'm goin'

Are you willing?"anaesthetic. Swiftly he went to work. to take the doc home with me, where

Before she could answer, Lud Twiney His long fingers moved with cool prehe can get a little peace from all this thrust himself in fronthad of Brent. cision. eat. I'll bet somethin'to The perspiration popped out clutter—an'

upstart, young "You I'll answer all this durin* his forehead. a bite to eat that. on dimly conhe's not had He was

No!"He turned to the men in the scious that Mrs. Davis and the young rumpus. Women don't think o'nothin',"

doorway. "Wrap Cass up and put him man were marvels at anticipating his he rebuked scathingly.

in my car. We'll take him to a real needs; that Mrs. Byer and Lutie's An hour later, Brent, drifting happily

doctor."agonized eyes were on him; that sometoward a wellearned sleep, thought

Brent's eyes blazed but his voice was one came quietly in at the door and drowsily of his letter to Denis. He

steady. "You take that boy from here stood watching over his shoulder. would write another one tomorrow

and you have killed him."Then it was finished. The bandages no, today. Already it was morning.

failed too. replaced. to write Dr. Twiwere Words of Already Raymond, He must a tinge

out likeney."You—you—"Veins stood tell whipcords healthy beginning him and his mind Write color was... to show

on his leathery neck, his huge fists in Cass's face. drifted almost away. He brought it

clenched. Brent straightened up, nodded, and back. Tell him he had found his work!

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

(Concluded from page 73) mendous gravitational pulls upon each other, caus- R. A. Lyttleton, for example, has suggested that

ing tidal waves, as it were, and erupting material if the sun were a double star at the time the wanderinto space. This material, as meteors or cosmic ing star came too near, many of the difficulties of

dust, was built up into planets such as the earth. the tidal theory might be avoided. There is also

( See The Origin of the Earth, T. C. Chamberlain. the theory, proposed by Rev. Georges Lemaitre,

This theory was modified, as its weaknesses were that some billions of years ago all universal matter discovered, notably by Sir James Jeans, of Camwas in the form of a gigantic radioactive atom.

bridge University, England. He retains the For some unexplained reason this atom burst, scatthought of the tidal effect of the sun and a star in tering suns, stars, planets, satellites, and nebulae

immediate proximity but believes that large masses, throughout the universe.

the size of the planets, were torn out of the sun. By slow, often painful progress, usually by the

The earth, then, is an original part of the sun, method of trial and error, science reaches its haven thrown out through the gravitational pull of a star of truth. As to the origin of the earth, man knows

that wandered too near the sun. This theory only that it was organized by divine intelligence

seems, for the present, to have the rightof-way. and power from existing eternal materials. Specu-

( See The Universe Around Us, James Jeans. lations about the method or process, however

Scrutiny of the tidal theory has led many inhonestly offered, or by what eminent authority, vestigators to reject it and to set up substitutions. must not be taken too A, W. seriously.—/.

a

The Japanese Mission jiiiiiniiiiiitmiiiMiuiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiimimiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiimmiini miiiiii liiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii n minimi iimiiiiimi mm iniimimi - in Action (Continued from page 89) Preparation for Life most of those interested in the work of the Latterday Saint Japanese "PREPARATION"was the watchword of Wash- I or are children grandchilMission ington and of Lincoln in affairs both public and pri- |dren of those from Japan \ who came, vate. 1to Hawaii. These people, educated {

in the public schools, usually speak betterEnglish than Japanese, and Opportunities of today also are used best by | much of the proselyting work among | young Americans who have prepared themselves | them may be done in English. I through inspirational university training. |

There is much racial intermar- riage in Hawaii, except among the SPRING QUARTER begins March 20 |Japanese. to mainThey continue

tain their racial integrity, though SUMMER QUARTER begins June 1 |they may accept the life and thought of the western world. They are slow

to amalgamate with other peoples.

necessary,This makes even when BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY | is the the |English spoken language, maintenance for some time to come | PROVO, UTAH I of a Japanese mission. Naturally,

with the years, as the Japanese 'n iiniiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiiiuuniiiHiniiuiMiiniii!iiiiiiriiiiiiiiniiiMnii!iiiiiiiiiiniiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii!i!iiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii

Saints gather experience in the

Church, they will mingle freely with others in the activities of the Church.

The Japanese people are clean, intelligent, eager for progress—

people well worthy of the efforts ol the Church of Christ. To work

among them, especially in this pioneer period of proselyting, is an experience thoroughly enjoyed by the ZCMI sells missionaries, who, it may be said, are a body of fine, capable representatives of the Church. They have seven times more lugthe vision of the future; they support President Robertson in his policies, and make good impressions gage than the average

wherever they go. They feel that

service real privilege.a in the Japanese Mission is department store in

The first Japanese convert to the

Church, Dr. Tomizo Katsunuma, - erebaptized in Utah, is active in the America.. -

service of the mission in Honolulu.

Sister years Tsune 83 Nachie ( now of age) cared for of our must be a reason! most who

missionaries in Japan, has moved to

Hawaii to enjoy the blessings of the temple at Laie. To be in her

presence is to feel the beauty of a living faith. Since this was written ffiffWllllllJilllllHillilmill'I 'wmmam Ztfg- '*J

she has passed to the other side.

The Japanese members of the old,Church, enthusiare young and rastic for the workers Latterday There are many who suffer losscause. leads Mission The Japanese

in Era subscriptions among the forBe prudent missions. eign

There is much friendliness among Avert it by the Japanese for our work. TheJapanese daily, Nippu Jiji of HonoINSURANCE

lulu, under the able editorship of

Mr. Yasutaro Soga, has made freThis organization writes insurance always ol the highest quality.

quent timely references to the work of the Latterday Saints among the UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO,

Japanese.

The only motive of the Church HEEER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on page 127).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

Solution of January Puzzle Scriptural Crossword PuzzleThe Sweet Singer of Israel (Psalms 72: 19; 20)

ACROSS

1 "Verily keep"ye shall Testament form my... of 36 New Hosea nd

"David took, and 8 "try me, an... played 38 thoughts"... know my

with his hand"39 "shall... their strength"

11 I make peace, and... evil"42 "The Lord also will be...

12... the Lord put I my trust"refuge"

14 "for thou art with..."43 "Jacob... pottage"Gen. 25: 29 our 15 Descendant of Asher; mam 44 "And... sought to smite David"

(anag.) 46 "he led them forth by the...

16 Handwriting way"18 Greek form of Elijah 48 "in whose... there is no guile"

21 "O sing unto the Lord. new 50 City of Benjamin 1 Chron. 8: 12

.. song"51 Third king of Judah

that ras 22 hath "He

.. "and 24 a pure..".. hands"53 "Thepleasant... places"are fallen unto me in

.".. at strain a "which 25 "yea, is thy 55 law my... volin Preserve bound

.... tribes the 27 "Whither.,. up"merciful unto 58 "Be heart"O God"of vast ". amount umes the.. is that 28 avengeth me"Carolina in South God 59 River

valuable reading in your 30 "Bless the Lord,... my soul"60 "Peace... within thy walls"

..., Here I am"Era. 31 1"TheTherefoolis hathno. said.."in his heart, 61 "he shall

Handsome, durable cloth 3332 Negative"instead prefixof Abel, whom... Our21,Text22, from24, 30,Psalms31, 38,is 11,39, 42,12, 46,14,

binding, stamped in gold, slew"48, 55, and 58 combined $2.00 per volume. DOWN

of neuralgia tea acid in Astringent 1 Form 29 SPECIAL PRICES FOR hast fish 2 a mighty..."Small freshwater "Thou 34 TEN OR MORE 3 Part of a ship, made of ivory, used 35 "and the wine is..."

VOLUMES by the Tyrians Ezek. 27: 6 37 Salt springs

4 "and went and served..., and 39 Revolve

BRING THEM IN NOW 5 "I worshippedwill bless him"the Lord... all 4041 Especially"Therefore I will... and howl"

times"43 Hush 6 "thy mighty men, O..., shall 45 Let thy Thummin and thy...

be dismayed"; meant (anag.) be with thy holy one"

7 Note; reversed, a verb 46 "Thrice was I beaten with..."The Deseret 9 The bowfin 47 Dress

10 Debate a second time 48 Monkey 13 Old Testament book 49 Two thirds of ten News Press 17 Protuberance 52 "... is more precious than

29 Richards Street 19 "... Israel hope in the Lord"rubies"

20 David "chose him five smooth 54 Timid

Salt Lake City, Utah... out of the brook"56 "trust also in him, and he shall

23 The self bring... to pass"

26 "I flee unto thee... hide me"57 Canadian province

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, FEBRUARY, 1939

The Japanese Mission in Action ( Concluded from page 1 25 is to bless mankind. Its divine message has the power to prosper the

Japanese whether in Hawaii or elsewhere. Perhaps the Lord in His wisdom is preparing in the fertile field

of Hawaii, future preachers and teachers of the Gospel for the land of Japan and its possessions.

Meanwhile, the Church will follow with deep interest the development of its Japanese Mission.

The Crowd Cheers (Concluded from page 76) He fastened the harnesses securely, and said quickly: "Okey, boy.

Good luck to you. Keep your mind

on the run. You're next!"

Jack was poised for flight—two

thirtytwo's for Bob! That meant he

must make a thirtyone for a tie, better than a thirtyone for a win.

At the signal of the starting flag he sprang into action. Down, down,

he went, always faster, pushing with his poles to cut down the time. Through the pathway of flags he TRY FOR A 9nez</kbCowte

flashed, never faltering, never losCopy this girl and send us your drawing—perhaps vou'll win a

ing balance. The crowd cheered as COMPLETE FEDERAL COURSE FREE! This contest is for amateurs,

he whizzed by, but he heard them so if you like to draw do not hesitate to enter.

miles as they were though only Prizes for Five Best Drawings—FIVE COMPLETE ART his thing away. one Only was in including FREE, outfits. COURSES drawing (Value of each

mind, this winding, twisting, crookcourse, $215.00.)

ed trail to the goal flags. On and FREE! Each contestant whose drawing shows sufficient

on he went, with the speed of the merit will receive a grading and advice as to whether he or wind. Not until he had crossed the she has, in our estimation, artistic talent worth developing.

finish line did he think of anything Today design, color and illustrating influence the sale of most merchanbesides the race. dise. Trained commercial artists have, therefore, become important in

He cut sideways to stop himself. industry. They are in demand,—well paid—machines can never disOn his way back he heard his time place them. Artistic talent is comparatively scarce. If you can draw,

this rare gift? waste Train why yourself to work for do which nature has twentynine seconds! announced—

fitted which you and few can people do. Success nowadays comes seconds! almost Twentynine It was

impossible. It seemed like ages easier to those who develop natural ability. We have trained many

gliding down the icy course. Miriyoung men and women now capable of earning up to $5,000 yearly

am came running toward him. as artists. Use this opportunity to test your talent. Read the rules and

send us your drawing. called. she "Jack! Jack!""You've This RULES: contest to open only amateurs, 16 old years more. Professional commercial artists it!"Federal and students You've done arewon. eligible. not of girl drawing orMake 614

high, inches high. inches on paper 7 girl, only the Draw 2. lettering. no1. only pencil Use felt all over. suddenly good or pen. He 3. return drawings. no Print your We address, name, age, occupation on back

of drawing. 5. All drawings must 4.be received by February 28th, 1939. will Prizes be to Dad!""Thanks for awarded in best drawings proportion and neatness by Federal Schools Faculty. "to 'thanks Dad?'Miriam "Why

asked. "Why, because he told me how FEDERAL SCHOOLS INC

to do it,"said Jack. "You see, he Bra Dept. 2759 Federal Schools Bldg., Minneapolis, Minn.

said not to let anything take my mind off the race while I was runit. I firstning the Well, when made LANK I HOTEL atrun halfway, and you were ERSHIM 111 7th & BROADWAY OfKTK...

it atlooked by, you as I went and A COMPLETE took my mind off the run. But when ENGRAVING SERVICE

you came down here for the second From MissionaryCataloguesPortraits to the Largest run as I asked you to, well, there LOS ANGELES Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention just wasn't anything to think about "TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE"UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

but the race!"113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY ADVERTISING SPACE

also prayer; to avert, as by means to seek Deprecate to HowSubscriber:much do you"I wantcharge?"to put a death notice in your paper. price lessen in to Depreciate express disapproval. means

inch."dollar an "A or estimated value; also to undervalue, disparage, or belittle. Editor:

"Heavens! Subscriber: he was over six feet high!"And

ERA INDEX FOR 1938 READY starts,Gladys:'Fair "He'slady!'so"romantic. Whenever he speaks to me he

All subscribers who wish to bind or othercarEdward:conductor.""Oh, that's force of habit. He used to be a street

wise preserve the 1938 volume of the

Improvement Era may secure a copy of the Professor (giving illustrated talk): "You can't get any

annual index by making written request to the idea about how terrible that sight looked unless you observe

Improvement Era, 50 North Main Street, Salt me very carefully."

Lake City, and enclosing name and address AFTER FIVE DAYS and a 3c stamp for return postage. Expelled Student: "Hello, Dean. I'm back."

Dean: "I see you are. For what reason?"

Expelled Student: "I read in that letter where I was exit said, 'After five days return to FROM THE JAPANESE MISSION pelled, but on the"envelope,

Office of Japanese Mission Dean Reeves.'

Honolulu, T. H. THE MOTH'S DIET

Dear Brethren: November 9th, 1938. Professor (in zoology lab.): "What insect lives on the

Enclosed you will find our check for twentysix subscriptions least food?"

to The Improvement Era... This is more than eighty Bright Pupil: "The moth. It eats holes."

of cent mission per membership our and we hope to make it ENTREPENEUR cent. per than hundred one more

I realize the spiritual uplift which will be derived from the articles contained in The Improvement Era, if we can just get them into the hands of Saints and investigators in our mission.

I know the valuable articles on a broad range of subjects it has always contained, and within its covers has never failed to carry inspired messages from the General Authorities of our great

Church, so vital, timely and extremely essential to the members of the Church.... I feel it will be an excellent aid and assist

us greatly in our efforts to teach the Gospel throughout our mission, and you may rest assured that we shall do our uttermost to see that it is in as many hands and available to as many as we are able to reach. We value its blessings in our mission.

May God bless you in such a worthy and helpful cause.

Very sincerely your brother, (Signed) Hilton A. Robertson,

Mission President.

I like to connection Pine with quote would Ward living, for Mose?"a do do you part "What Sister I received a letter INof from Hazel Howard:

"I'se laundry."de a ob manager drive, subscriptions our unless complete "These Era some

this the laundry?"of "What's name 'Gift'in to subscription, wishes a send as have one now we

"Eliza Ann."the in Saint Latterday in every Pine Era Strawand home

berry."ENGLISH AS SHE IS SPOKE

This is the first ward in the Maricopa Stake to accomProf.: "Your pneumatic contrivance has ceased to function."

plish this end.... (Signed), Hibbert, J. L. Motorist: "Er—what?"Arizona. Mesa, Prof.: "I say, your tubular air container has lost its rotundity."Rock Hill, South Carolina, Motorist: "I don't quite—

Dear Editors: October 12, 1938. Prof: "The cylindrical apparatus which supports your

is inflated."vehicle longer no of accept for appreciation a the word you Improve* Will Motorist: "But—

a from ment Era nonmember? Prof.: circular elastic the fabric frame surrounding "The

I privilege the have of reading had since your magazine successive in revolutions not whose bear space has onward you filled it find April and high standard with informative a of its pristine retained roundness."

I material it to cover from cover. excellent as recommend an Motorist: kindly—you "Would for all medium conveying of to the message your Church Small tire!"mister, got Boy: "Hey, a flat you investigators. sincerely, Yours

Eva Howell, TOO OFTEN <8> Some people, according to a musician, only buy a piano to

Cape Town, South Africa, help fill up a room. Quite often of course it has the opposite

Dear Brother: October 7, 1938. effect. Punch.

read the Improvement Era every month. Many times WE we use it in our morning class before breakfast. Each DIETARY DILEMMA

issue seems to be better than the last. Doctor: "Now unless you eat fruits and vegetables in their

Sincerely, entirety, including the skins, you fail to get many of their

Dean A. Ellsworth, essential food values. I think doing this would remedy your

Associate Editor, Cumorah dietary deficiency. Now tell me, what is your favorite fruit?"

Southern Messenger. Patient (gloomily): "Coconuts, doctor."

Radio AND Education

Increasingly important is the part radio is playing in the education of its listeners. KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System bring you information on many subjects—on music and drama,

literature and art, civic affairs and the everyday affairs of men and women the world around.

On KSL, more hours of radio time than ever before are devoted to the fascinating task of better acquainting you with the world in which you live.

In addition to the many commercially sponsored programs of educational value, KSL suggests you tune regularly to the following educational features:

"Up and Down the Scale", Saturday II a. m.

"Today's Women", Saturday 10:30 a. m. "What

Price America?", Saturday 3 p. m. "Americans at

Work", Saturday 5 p. m. "Today's Children—

Tomorrow's Adults", Saturday 2:45 p. m. "The

American School of the Air", I p. m. daily Monday through Friday. "Let's Pretend", Monday and

Thursday 3:15 p. m. "Music for Fun", Tuesday

3:15 p. m. "March of Games", Wednesday and

Friday 3:15 p. m. "Men Behind the Stars", Friday

3:30 p. m. "So You Want to Be—", Friday 3:30

p. m. "Let's Communicate", Sunday 10:30 p. m.

Columbia'sKSL50,000 Watt Affiliate in Salt Lake City...:

I

|;# 1. '] ] I 1 %'

Jtf—w

I * ** IJ

*MlMMk

v

'!"iV; "CAPITAL"SUGGESTION I FOR FEBRUARY rrease Your Life Insurance Estate

IsitQiirENEHCttLram.M. Am 'Ami* nil?

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah