JU VOLUMf 4<5 NUMBER URN POSTAGE GUARANTEED E CI TY, UTAH

..* -**'Our BLUEPRINT of Tomorrow

is the "GREENPRINT"of Today

Yes, our postwar, allgas home is on paper we can do for our country. So join us in buying

the "greenprint"of U. S. War Bonds, it "This all the War Bonds you can, and hasten Victory.

bond,"we say, "will pay for decorating the living room; and that one is earmarked for *Our architect recommends gas for all four uses:

tomorrow's new and finer gas appliances."* cooking, heating, hot water service and refrigerit Thus we are "building,"bond by bond; and ation. And our friends who depend on allgas

meanwhile, profitably lending our savings to equipment in their homes, confirm his judgment.

Uncle Sam. it That's no sacrifice. It's the least MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving Twentythree Utah Communities

Offices in Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo

SERVING THE WEST IN WAR AND PEACE

Zfu.f7 C

f* K

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A fast runner in the one hundred yard Honey Bee Grahams and milk just natu- ** dash breathes in only about onerally go together. There's no combination

eighth of the oxygen needed. He goes more delicious, more nourishing. Five

theinto for and the oxygen debt rest of Honey Bee Grahams with milk actually after the rapid breathingpays it back by race, according to work done at Cornell double the nutritive value of a glass of

University by A. V. Hill. About an milk! The ideal betweenmeal snack for

ounce of lactic acid is made in the ten young folks and grownups alike.

seconds, which is converted back into glycogen when the oxygen debt is paid.

A runner after a long race may be completely exhausted, with a debt of four gallons of oxygen. EXTRA FRESH!4

'T'he sound of a hammerstroke on a Made in the OnJy Cracker Factory steel in the pipe Washington monuBetween Denver and the Pacific Coast fifty five feet high,ment, would hundred travel in the metal to the top in one thirtythird of a second; in the air it

would take the sound a halfsecond.

While the sound is traveling to the top in a pipe, an automobile going thirty miles an hour would move less than a foot and a half. GRAHAMSPURITY

J* ife in the higher vertebrates is possible because iron is used in the haemoglobin to carry oxygen in the body. In some of the lower animals,

cuttlefish crabs, and some copper For that Annual Weed CleanUp role.serves a similar polychromaThe

tic blood corpuscles of the sea squirts owe their color to vanadium compounds. Make It Complete With

'"Phe total rainfall on the whole earth.v

A in a year is about 100,000 cubic miles, according to Wuest. s*r Activated4

change through of water*Tthe the h A Straits of Gibraltar, with the upper Carbon Bisulphide levels of colder water flowing in and the saltier flowing water out at lower levels, and a is sufficient give a complete to change of the water in the Mediterranean in about seventyfive years. Mack AntiWeed Gun

4Co far as is now known, vitamins A *** and D are the only vitamins which for complete noxious weed demust be supplied in the feed of cattle.

+ struction and for quick, permanent objects "D lind workers can now weigh injury to land or '*'required to within a accuracy by results—without

means of a device suggested by a blind livestock.

woman from Buffalo. A continuous

tone is heard in a pair of head phones Send for free illustrated booklet when the weight on a platform is correct; the code letter "a,"a short then a 212P containing information and

light; long note the objects are too when full instructions.

letter "n,"short a long and the a and note, when too heavy.

4 WHEELER, REYNOLD'S & STAUFFER, 636 California St., San Francis*

A window tax was levied in England "** in 1696. If a man wanted plenty Distributors Wasatch Chemical Co., Salt Lake City and Branches

(Concluded on page 326) 7>Mmprooement Era 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"

Heber J. Grant,JUNE, 1943 John A. Widtsoe,

Managing Editor lTHE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Marba C. Josephson,

William Mulder, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS. Associate Editors

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTGeorge Q. Morris, General Mgr.

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD Lucy G. Cannon, Associate Mgr.

TEACHERS. AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J, K. Orton, Business Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS.

JhsL fcdiltfiL. (paqsL—Photograph by Keystone View Co.

Death Has No Real Terror Heber J. Grant 333 JIM'S LETTER

By Ethel Van Hook Hopper

Tsn't a letter Conference Addresses -See Opposite Page A wonderful thing!

Introducing William Mulder Richard L, Evans 349 To see your handwriting heart sing. Makes my Reconciliations: Evidences Should Family and LXVIL—Why matter doesn't Prayers 353 It Held? A. Widtsoe Be John

So much what you say, Music: to the The Church Moves An Example On 350

Priesthood: 360 It was just I was wanting Schreiner327 Melchizedek Flock, Alexander

Genealogy: Recording Temple The Work of the Seventy 362 A letter today.

Work Today, Albert L. ZoAaronic 363 I watched as the postman

bell, Jr 332 Ward Teaching 364 Came whistling along;

Era Campaign Citation WinNo-LiquorTobacco Column 361 I felt sure he had it; ners 348

I couldn't be wrong;

Special J*&jalWtA* AndHe heldsaid,outallyourin fun,letter

Central American Migration Legend Charles E. Dibble 330 "This one's not important,"

This one—from you, son! Pioneer Diary of Eliza R. Snow—Part IV 334 Sam Brannan and the Mormons in Early California—Part

IX Paul Bailey 344 Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: For Gardeners, Robert EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

lin S. Harris, Jr., 321 H. Daines 354 OFFICES:

Hints 354 326 Telefact Handy City, Utah. Salt Street. Lake Main 50 North Cooks'Aloha, 329 Fred Corner, Josephine B. L. Goddard Inc., a Funds. Cor1943 Mutual by

.'. 'Nichols 329 the ImproveMutual 354 Copyrightpora/ion Bible Quiz Men's Young of jesus Christ Association Church ment of of the the 346 Have Book Rack You Seen Bill? Elda On reserved. rights Saints. All Subof Latterday Nisi "Nil Bonum,"Mason Cy Lance....348 in advance; year, price. 356 scription a $2.00 Index to Advertisers 381 single copy. 20c

Your Page and Ours 384 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City.

jditoual& Utah,mailingas atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917.

William Mulder, Associate Editor John A. Widtsoe 352 authorized July 2, 1918.

responsible is not but Public Opinion Richard L. Evans 352 forTheunsolicitedImprovementmanuscripts,Era welcomes Answer to Confusion Richard L. Evans 352 tributions. All manuscripts must be accompaniedconby sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Station, (pojdht, QhDMwtfudL fiujlsL NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES "Book of Remembrance"Ora Pate Stewart 324

Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo

Pineapple James P. Sharp 347 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend

Jim's Letter, Ethel Van Hook Poetry 346 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

to 322 Solution Hopper May Scriptural

Frontispiece: Puzzle 378 New York: Dougan and Bolle Crossword Reception, Edna

S. Dustin 331 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JlfUL fov&L Desert Arches is the work of Joseph Muench. Two hundred feet in height, it brings with it a foretaste of the summer outdoors from National Monument, Utah—and A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

brings with it also a suggestion of the peace that still reigns in the broad and uninhabited places of the earth, despite the foolishness of men. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

BUY FOOD CAREFULLY!

"MILK WHITE"EGGS are packed with food value.

Sitdex, to.

GENERAL CONFERENCE ADDRESSES

Note: Conformity with regulations limiting use of paper during the war emergency

made it impossible for the May issue of "The Improvement Era"to carry an addiYou can always tional (as did the of pages number endepend on "MILK WHITE"quality. editionslarged conference of and May

November, 1942) to accommodate the entire proceedings of the 113th Annual ConUTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS COOPERATIVE ASS'N ference of the Church. Proceedings of the

first day's sessions were published last month; in this issue appear the addresses

given at the Monday, April 5, sessions;

other conference addresses will appear in a subsequent issue.

Bennion, Samuel O 377 Callis, Charles A., Millennial Hope 341

Hardy, Rufus K. 368

Ivins, Antoine R. 378

Kirkham, Oscar A. 381

Lyman, Richard R., What We Are

Fighting For 339 McKay, Thomas E. 369

Merrill, Joseph F., Our Obligations 340

Richards, George F., Valiant in the

Covenants 337 Richards, LeGrand, Shepherds of the Flock - 343 Ask your

Richards, Stephen L, Our Course 338Smith, George Albert, Righteousness taster and Gratitude 336 Smith, Taking Ourselves Joseph F., On—i&itH It Aup&t.?

.: Seriously. 342

Lake and Ogden ROYAL BAKING COMPANY—Salt Fresh every dayTaylor, John H.. 365

grocer's at your Utah's 50 Years Than Bakery... For More HomeOwned

Young, Clifford E- -366

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 n USE THIS EASY RECIPE //'Book atfL fowuwtbhanoL

FOR MAKING DELICIOUS Incidents in the Life of

Mary Ann Darrow Richardson

As told by Minoa Richardson Anderson to Ora Pate Stewart Someley nearIndiansSpringville,had gatheredUtah,intoa perval- babyIt wasto Maryagreed.Ann TheyRichardson.carried the

form the simple rites that were "I needed that blanket,"the trader customary when a squaw died. They told her. "It was my only warmth at

set her yearold baby girl upon her night."

chest and withdrew a sporting distance "I have no blanket,"Mary Ann told with their bows and arrows. A bad him, "but here's a bolt of new cloth I

aim sent the first arrow through the have just finished. You might could

muscle of the baby's neck. This overwrap up in that of a night."

balanced her, and they had to pose her over again. At this point two white So Mary Ann kept the baby, nursed

men happened along on horses. her to health and strength and reared

"Why do you kill papoose?"they her to womanhood. Her name was

asked the Indians. Katie Aldura. * *

"Squaw dead. Papoose no good,"

was the unemotional reply. A big, halfnaked Indian came into the

"Give papoose to us. We keep "** Richardson cabin and demanded

papoose,"one of the white men said. bread. Mary Ann gave him half the

"Squaw dead. No feed papoose."baking. But very shortly he returned

"We find live squaw. She feed and demanded the other half. Mary

papoose,"the white man insisted. Ann divided again. He came the third

"Then give money,"the Indian time.

grunted. "Papoose git thirty dollars... "No,"said Mary Ann. "Go away.

Papoose live. Papoose die.... Indians I have only three biscuits to feed my

git thirty dollars."babies."

So that was it. They were after the

baby's inheritance. The Indian drew a long knife from

belt his her. lunged and She toward other. at each white looked USE BE SURE TO men The

seized the red the coals hot poker from It blanket. saddle a good was had One

at blazed Indian. the and dollars. thirty well worth MORNING MILK!

"Indians take blanket.... White "Heap brave squaw!"he yelped as

ITS FINER FLAVOR MAKES men take papoose."he sprang away and made for his pinto.

A BIG DIFFERENCE!

KATIE ALDURA, Indian woman, who as a baby adopted by Mary Ann Richardson as told in the accomCompare the flavor of Morning Milk with panying incident.

luted—justany other evaporatedas it comesmilk.from theTastecan.it You'llundiunderstand why Morning Milk improves all

recipes!

Buy FinerFlavored MORNING MILK

THE EDMUND C.

AND MARY ANN DARROWWWWWWWWWWWVWtfW RICHARDSON

FAMILY IN USE For OVER FIHY YEARS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple theMary clothAnn wovefor theall sore throat, and other minor mouth clotbinapicture. seenShe isIn saidthis

and throat irritations. tofirst havewomanbeenin Utahthe

to introduce pating.Hall's Canker Remedy terns into her weav536 East 2nd So.—at Sail Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

The tastepleasing avocado, once known as the "alligator pear,"has come rapidly into public favor since the last war.

Our Government has approved continued production of this fruit as a wartime food. It seems the avocado contains a fruit

oil which has energy value. Avocados also provide protein.

They are a tree fruit which can be grown with relatively little labor. To learn more about avocados, I interviewed Arthur R.

Chenoweth (shown here) at his avocado ranch south of Fallbrook, in San Diego County, California. Mr. Chenoweth is a

member of Calavo Growers of California, a farm cooperative, and he markets his avocados under the wellknown "Calavo"brand. He is also a member of the California Avocado Society,

the California Fruit Growers Association, and the American

Farm Bureau Federation JS

In talking about avocados, Arthur Chenoweth likes to recall his Iowa boyhood when an orange was seen once a year—on Christmas morning.

"Nowadays/* he points out, "a large proportion of

Americans eat or drink oranges every day. That change has

been accomplished by cooperative marketing and modern distribution. I see the same process at work for Calavo

avocados. "Most avocado varieties bear at 3 and 4 years. I pick my

fruit at intervals, removing the larger fruit first and allowing the smaller to increase in size during the latter part of

Mr. and Mrs. Chenoweth check over some the season.With this system I get more tonnage, require less

of their quality avocados boxed for delivery to storage space, and make a contribution to orderly marketthe Calavo packing plant. Varieties shown are ing. I can also handle a larger part of the harvest myself.

Fuerte (75% of California's commercial avo- "We have plenty of competition for labor, with huge cado production) and Ryan plane factories in Los Angeles and San Diego. We can't

pay $7.00 a day wages but have been able to keep one de-

M FA&MERs f pendableand milk, middleagebesides top wagesworkerforbysuchprovidinglabor. Doinga house,thegardengrove

work myself and keeping our tractor busy, I'm getting along all right so far.

fACKlHGHou "Calavo is doing a great educational job with advertising as appears in Circle the Family distributed Magazine, jsOne such

I stores. realize, course, by Safeway of that we've just made

a start at getting nationwide acceptance for our fruit. But

I'm satisfied Calavo can do this job. Chain store outlets, This sign at the Calavo coop plant reminds association members that they are the bosses. Most such as Safeway, are helping everyday to acquaint more

of the plant employees are themselves Calavo people with Calavo. This efficient distribution makes for

growers and members of the coop. This helps more orderly marketing of the avocado crop and more satsolve the labor problem and provides offseason isfactory returns to the grower."

income for small growers and their families—Your Safeway Farm Reporter

it KEEP ON BUYING U.S. WAR BONDS AND STAMPS

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

TEtEFACT FARMERS PAY LOWER RENTS (MEDIUM MONTHLY RENTAL IN U.S. HOMES, 1940)

JATdJjTlO $2741 f$&>* IN URBAN AREAS M

$13.20 RURAL (NONFARM) AREAS o-

$5.97 *4Kcr&* RURAl FARM AREAS

Pictogroph Corporation

at rate electrical If the ing discharge.Take good care of

flash in the is released which the energy Exploring the Universe is slow, the expansion of air is someyour Electrical of light{Concludedand air in fromhis housepage 321)he had to times too slow to create thunder.

pay for it. The tax was increased six /amel, horse, and bison bones have

Appliances times and not finally repealed until *""'been found associated with human 1851. burials and humanmade objects on the 4

A planet has been found outside the openValleyplainnear ofTranquillity,the centralFresnoSan JoaquinCoun- ** solar system. Careful observations ty, California. Conditions at the site

at Potsdam, Lick, and Sproul observasuggest that the now extinct mammals tories have found a third invisible memwere brought there by hunters who ber in 61 Cygni with a mass sixteen built fires, made numerous bone and times that of Jupiter. It may be constone objects, and buried their dead

For repairs or service itsideredis not awarmplanetenoughinsteadto ofbe aseen.sun since nearby.4

4 npHERE are preventable losses from flies stable have see your "Rarked * been found plant diseases averaging about $200

A * to travel as fiftytwo as far annually. miles per farm

from the place where they were

Electrical Dealer or marked. tA new fire retardant for cloth, avail-

** able after the war, has been de- '"pHE useless scrolls on the handle of veloped by DuPont based on ammoni- a handsaw are the same the treated leaves sulfamate which as were umUtah Power & Light used the Egyptians five thousand by in materials appearance and unchanged years ago. feel. It is effective after drycleaning

laundering. after

to Company "pvERY lightning flash is not accombutUntilmustthis beis availablereplaced it is suggested 'panied by a clap of thunder. Thundissolve 7 ounces of borax and 3 ounces

der is the result of the sudden exof boric acid in two quarts of hot pansion of air created by the fastmov- water to flameproof cloth.

"IfYou areWaiting for your tires to be repaired or recapped, send them to us for immediate service and guaranteed workmanship. We will either do

it or have it done. If you have certificates for tires or tubes that

you can't find, mail them in with an order and we will get them for you if they can be had."

O. K. RUBBER WELDERS

Recapping and Repairing CARL OLSON Operator 780 So. State Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 5-7967

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

-k

on the rostrum who paid any attentionmum

An Example to the Flock peopleto the todevotionalworship. musicWhen whichother presidcalled BIIIGM By Alexander Schveiner ing brethren came to sit by his side he WE

Tabernacle Organist and Member, merely nodded his head in greeting and

Church Music Committee accepted the clasp of the hand, after which he continued his worshipful atUSIVERS1TY

TIA'ission presidents are invariably retitude.

1V1 mismission- the this beloved not remember vered and loved I do by Offers a full quarter's direction. their president any statesion ever making under aries who work

The inspiring nature of their leadership ments, either public or private, concernwork in all departments, causes missionaries to hold them in high ing his love for music. He did not from Kindergarten to Gradregard and affection. I have loved such need to. His actions spoke louder than uate School, in two six-

a man myself, and I cherish his memory. words. It was a pleasure to play a preweek terms of the Summer

Especially do I remember this man unlude when he was present, because the Session. Students may regder whom I spent my mission for what organist could be certain that at least ister for either term or for

was to me an outstanding characterisone soul was attuned to the devotionboth and earn up to eighttic: He showed by his actions that he al harmonies. It was also a pleasure to een hours of credit while

servthe because attend in a service, the such Church. music was honored He of the enjoying advantages

his beautiful in ice meeting, at early by more and a was was made always rich cultural and enter- a gospel the above loved presence. front of congregation the in his seat by He tainment program. his actions things; he all other strains bethe prelude of and by the the time

gan. I can still see him, generally alone, evidenced his high regard for the music On October 1st the Auin quiet meditation, with every appearwhich announced the beginning of a tumn Quarter will begin

hour. his peohigh gospel priest before the of ance He all departments was indeed a splendid with adeflock. ple. to the the only one sometimes example was He prequately staffed and

pared to offer the usual sees to it that no other meeting conStratford Ward Choir flicts with this rehearsal hour, unless excellent instruction and

Ctratford Ward, Highland Stake, with permission of the choir director. advisory service. Brigham

*-* has one of the most active choirs in Some four or five socials are held Young University will conthe Church. Director C. K. Ferre says during a year. These follow choir retinue to carry a complete

that the cooperation of Bishop Horace hearsal. Partners are invited and refour quarter program for

B. Richards is one of the main reasons freshments served. everyone.

chairis fellowship England Edna choir. of for the the success Evenings to it For those who wish to duties sees man, and among other occasionally are of given music Church

during sacrament services, sometimes that the sick or sorrowing are rememwork part time, Provo proconsisting exclusively of the works bered. vides ample opportunity.

of some one composer like Evan In speaking with Director Ferre, it

Stephens, George Careless, or B, Cecil was evident that he had an ambition FIRST TERM

Gates. A brief biography of the comto make of the choir such a pleasant soJune 14 to July 23 (Provo Campus)

poser is included. cial unit that others would seek to be

George L. Woodbury is president of one of their happy company. He strives SECOND TERM

the choir. In addition to the usual offifor joyful singing to the forgetting of July 26 to Aug. 27 (Provo Campus)

cers, there is a secretary for each part. all personal problems.

One innovation, which he recommends Shown in the accompanying photoAUTUMN QUARTER very highly, is the following: The secgraph are fifty of the singers. Twenty Begins October 1

choir of the were members tion secretaries have asadditional a permanent at unable to the the For Iree bulletins or additional information be present time signment to procure from one of their group some brief bit of diversion in the picture was taken. address The President

form of music, reading, or storytelling. Erma Steffensen is organist; Mary

pianist; Louise Cummings, Rae Moss, gives This for opportunity the discovsecretary LindBrigham Young University and historian; Emerson talents, ery of otherwise hidden and

forms the relaxation period in the midsay and Marge Burton, librarians; A. PROVO. UTAH

dle of choir rehearsals, Wednesday Ray Curtis, business manager. A. S.

evenings from 8 to 9:30. The bishop STRATFORD WARD CHOIR

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

FOODand the Farm Equipment SHORTAGE A Report to the Farmer:

HAVE learned with surprise that in some parts of For all these reasons, the great bulk of our farm equipmentWEthe country farm equipment manufacturers are being production facilities is available now and has been available charged with responsibility for the inadequate supply of farm at all times throughout the war. Those facilities are capable of

equipment now available. turning out many times the amounts they are now producing.

has equipment that farm The statement manubeen made facturers materials interested than 2. Can More Machines Be Built in Time for 1943 Use? in producing war are more

in producing farm equipment. The War Production Board's 1943 farm equipment program,

Certainly our industry is interested in producing war mawhich provided for production of only 23 per cent of the terials. No one would want us to be otherwise. But we have amount of new farm equipment that had been built in 1940,

neve"forgotten that to enable the farmer to meet wartime was too small to meet farmers'needs. This has now been pubWashington, recognized the government and by official goals food production build farm equipment, must and we licly we

that authority for inannounced has recently it was granting constantly have for the urged government the need upon greater amounts of farm equipment, a view which has now creased 1943 production of some farm machines. This recognibeen acknowledged to be correct. Our operations, with retion, however, comes too late in this year for the situation to

spect to both war production and farm equipment producbe more than partially corrected.

tion, have at all times been governed by the decisions and Included on the government's list of increased machines actions of the government. were such items as tractors, which are useful at any season

year, harvesting the machinery, and which in most sections also statement has industry The that our canof been made relatively of country crops is used the late in for most and not its enough farm make equipment because plants have been converted too largely to war production. the year. Production of these machines can still be increased

It is true that International Harvester Company is engaged in time to help in 1943.

on a very large program of war production, but it is also true But production cannot be increased overnight and this that we have always had facilities available for the producauthority to manufacture will be useless unless it is accomtion of farm equipment. panied at once by the necessary materials.

We want farmers and the public generally to understand the Undoubtedly many farmers—and probably some county

facts about the farm machinery situation, which is of vital rationing committees—have expected increased numbers of

importance in determining whether the United States can do machines to appear immediately after government announcethe food production job. ments of increased authority to manufacture. It must be remembered that after authority has been granted, from 60 to

1. What is Necessary to Supply Farm Machines? 120 days are required to get steel and other materials, time

is to these required materials turn into finished machines, and supply parts farm To machines today, and replacement a is additional required time to to get places them the Where things: five First, manufacturer facilimust plants have and the the orders government manufacturer to them. send Most ties; second, to plants; third, the operate and men women machines shipped farm the cannot be by manufacturer until authority to the from build certain government of a amount of they been have tagged the order of by AgriculDepartment

parts; replacement fourth, machinery and materials of out for ture the particular of county the States United the where to the fifth, which machinery parts; and replacement make has go. they decided to government are

for timely distribution adequate of system an these products. recently has The government increased its allotsomewhat other Our and company farm equipment manufacturers steel of to production, ment farm equipment but farm machines

facilities. plants the have have, train, or speedily and can We steel built alone. of critical cannot be Other parts component the needed. large and dis- a have capable men and women We required. are

tribution left itself, organization to which, the can do job propIf these are components at provided once, of the output erly. to authority both But materials manufacture and for tractors harvesting for and machinery 1943 delivery can still be provided manufacture can by the only government. And increased. be

is distribution at present the also machinery completely of farm controlled by the government. 3. WiU There Be Enough Machinery in 1944?

The government has never asked us to convert all our facilYes..

ities to war work and we have never considered doing so. The IF the government draws up its farm equipment production

government knew, and we knew, that farm equipment proprogram for 1944 in accordance with the needs of American duction, up to some limit, would prove as vital to the war effort farmers, and as production of guns and shells. Throughout the war, our IF the government makes that program definite and effecfarm equipment factories have continued to produce new farm tive in the immediate future, and

machines in the limited amounts allowed by the government, IF distribution down to the retail level is fitted to the and we have regularly produced a large volume of replacement needs of the food program and carried on by experienced and parts, which are made on the same equipment and by the tested manufacturers and retail dealers'service organizations, same employes as parts which are assembled into completed in cooperation with the government, and farm machines. IF, above all, the government will provide the needed

Our war work is largely of a kind which requires the automaterials regularly and on time, motive type of buildings and facilities and is being carried on THEN, the farm equipment industry will certainly build principally in our plants of that nature. War work also has the machines to do the job.

been placed in a number of the large warehouses which are characteristic of the farm equipment business. Although most

of our farm equipment manufacturing capacity is not adaptable to war production, we do have some war production in every /*wA /KucJ plant of the company. INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY, CHICAGO, ILLINOIS

328INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER I

ifefl*Aloha L. Goddard Fred By

in the Ha- p other word *M Nowaiian language, perhaps, is so fraught with meaning as the one word, "Aloha"(love to you). It not only embodies

the sentiments of love, kindly feeling, and good will, but is also the universal Hawaiian salute for young and old.

The spirit of "Aloha"is the spirit of Hawaii. It is the first

greeting to the stranger within her NO RATION COU PONS| gates, and the last farewell to her NEEDED FOR GLOBE "AT departing guest. It is as truly

purpleFROSTED of symbolic her Hawaii as APPLE RING ZJ. recesses rainbow and shrouded

nights radiant moonlit mists—her out SCrve your

l Enriched ***"racing coconut palms and delxaousGJ—her -SW apple coffee this mak* cake surf. flaky tLv pastries Th?*f*''and ther breads der, fnd Je<T It is Hawaii. completely use ""Whe?ou this dependable

signifies It "Farewell,"3 Tbipj. "Good iugar 3 ifod self "P. morning,"evening,"GIOBE % "Good t AI A1 %3Tb'P'ibou"J H.ur *"*/r mfc, Zoning % Mold* just, "Hello. "Goodbye"—or

words—whenWhen the hearttremblingis too lipsfull arefor checked in vain—when a mist of

tears dims the eyes at the sad pain of parting with one dear to the heart—all tenderness, good 9say?TSzsr&r*K

will, and affection are contained in that one wonderful word "Aloha."- P]ace on a It is the commonest and sweetgreased baking sfeeTLd w* dou*h nag slits with in M?ke, scissors est word in the Hawaiian Ianah, raouw iati*Wm, guage. ng Turn ce* of *? *!, aboutToSr each p Slde edge 'up. Y*7,*.5ho'ng Cover d 9"in y unI bulk double ietrxs?W (about iuand Bake in oven ($$>&* } aboutL"30 "ripe mmoderate min males fe L

—aesired.wn6 H

I"f. li l BecauseDAMlien At—GlobeI "Ai.

carefully IIWf "if *-**-BIBLE QUIZ- 1. Show from both the Old and New

Testament that the custom of celebrating birthdays is a very ancient one.

2. What test does the Apostle John give

by which we may know the children of VITAMlMgjirf

God? 3. How may Paul's epistles be identified?

4. On what occasion did Christ check the

undue curiosity of one of His disciples?

5. What two distinct promises did Jesus

make the disciples when about to leave them?

WITH TWO "B"VITAMINS AND IRON 6. Where did Christ answer one question

by asking another?

7. Of whom did Jesus say, "I will make AN A-1 BREAKFAST fishersyou of men"?

Start the day right with a hot, hearty break- 8. Who took Judas'place among the fast of have Globe "Al"Pancakes—theytwelve? rich that buttermilk flavor, and they're a

9. When and where, by whom and to delicious variety for meatless days, too.

whom was the command given, "Go ye into all the world and preach the gospel"? GLOBE "Al"PANCAKE

10. Who wrote the last book of the Bible? AND WAFFLE FLOUR

(Answers will be found on page 355). i

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

fenihcdi (fan&hkwL AN APPRECIATED ACT /% LEGEND For the SoldierBOOHaway from home MIGRATION hiscodices and colonial the For Missionary Mexican By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

the For torians repeatedly Friend a mention

For Father and Mother place called "Chicomoztoc"—

In these provinces they THIS are to grandfathers."unable Caves."Students "Seven ALWAYS DAY—AND

their their their lands, houses, have L. gods, $1.50 Richard By Evans locality, indicate the exact but Aztec rituals ceremonies. and Nahuatlacas The THE HILLS UNTO

tradition constantly mentions "Chico- a L. 1.50 Richard Evans By are divided into lineages or nations, seven

in the north GOSPEL where moztoc"STANDARDS man was in that for land

Heber J. Grant By to created. the lineage According one account, have its ownit is localitya customor thatplaceeachof IN GOSPEL THE NET 2.25

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe 1.25 tribal gods came out of the "Seven abode. The Nahuatlacas paint their place

SIGNS THE TIMES OF of origin in of relate the a form cave and that writers agree Caves."Other Fielding By Joseph that they from to came "Seven Caves"IN RECREATION refers the THE of to one SmithHOME 1.25 "Chicomoztoc"

settle the L. their land of Auxiliaries D. S. Mexico, By 25 and books tribes. stopping places of wandering the record painting event seven caves by

Order now.. The Spanish historian Gomara states: with their descendants.

The second settlers, Nahuatlacas, (AztecTHE B00KCRAFT CO. speaking peoples) came from a remote Another historian, Duran, adds:

{Concluded northland. are land on page 355). There two P. 63 Box O.

of provinces: is called. One. Aztlan—Placein that City, Salt Lake Utah the other Herons; Teoculhuacan, SEVEN UPPER: and which CAVES

Please the send checked above. Books divine they CHICOMOZTOC FROM have means "Land where LOWER: DEPARTURE C. O. D. Send

$ Check or money order enclosed.

NAME ADDRESS.

Your orders will receive immediate attention. CAT? J?

root**

CAPS'2 f/djto

65 WEST FIRST SOUTH

SOLD ALSO AT YOUR OWN

NEIGHBORHOOD STORE

GYD

—Photograph bg H. Armstrong Roberta

he honeysuckle has raced the wallReception... t

And triumphantly sounded the bugle call;

The roses impatiently wait by the gate By

EDNA S. With their arms filled with buds for the festive date;

DUSTIN The hollyhocks don each bright starched bonnet

And sway in line like a rhythmic sonnet;

The syringa forms the last detail—

veil. A wreath for young Summer's bridal

RECORDING

TEMPLE WORK TODAY

By ALBERT L ZOBEU, JR.

of "The Improvement Era"Staff

I Tere is the story of how the record

A A of temple ordinances done now finally takes its place with the records of over a century of temple work being kept in an adequate room beneath the temple annex.

The temple index bureau first checks the name to avoid duplication of ordinance work. A typewritten card is

made from the family group sheet submitted. This card is sent to the temple

designated by the person doing the work. The name goes first to the baptismal department. When the baptism has

been performed, the card is photographed, together with the names of the necessary witnesses and ordinance workers, and is then placed in a file it waits for where the endowment work *<UIWOc\ Guto\ done. to be after this morning The

is is work done the card taken andVe& again is just photographed as it is after Yours, of course. The most beautiful, the

the baptism ordinance.

most lovable, the most... but who are we

Twentyone cards are placed on a to describe this new baby of yours? tray and photographed simultaneously.

The camera is so focused as to reduce

Perhaps we can be helpful about this youngster's wash. the size of each card by half. The

We have it on the best authority, the word of thoutwenty-onemake a page cards9 bygrouped11 inches.togetherAnsands of mothers, that for washing baby clothes, there's other twentyone cards are photographed on the reverse side of the sheet,

nothing like FelsNaptha Soap. Those rich suds, made which, developed, is later bound into

book form. The original cards are then

from gentle naptha and mild soap, get rid of all sent to a typist who prepares an index dirt and stains with practically no rubbing. They indexof the names.bureau, Thewherecardstheyarearesentpermato the

nently filed. save wear and tear on dainty garments—and on

dispositions, too. The photographic record is thus an

exact copy of the card.

IMPORTANT! In spite of wartime difficulties

For the record of the sealing ordiand greater demand, we are doing our best nances that follow endowments family group sheets are used. After the ordito keep your grocer supplied with nances are completed, these sheets are

FelsNaptha Soap. If he does placed on trays, from three to seven

to a tray, and photographed in the same not have it in stock today way.

please keep on asking. These completed photographic records show the lettering white against

a black background—a negative appearance. Therefore, care should now

be taken in the preparation of records for the temple to use the blackest ink or typewriter ribbon that one can, and to write as legibly as possible.FELSNAPTHA SOAP banishesTattleTaIe Gray"I332

itamhr Oswdk, dCoUu 7b final J&m&l By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

Remarks at the Funeral Services for May Green Hinckley (see page 351 in the Assembly Hall, May 5, 1943

I of as gospel in for the so grateful Jesus Christ I am my life am Never their called friends are of family or beloved home to some when my final reward.

There is nothing in the revelations of God to Joseph Smith for which

I am more grateful than the following quotations from what is known as "The Vision,"namely, the 76th section of the Doctrine and Covenants:

And this is the gospel, the glad tidings, which the voice out of the heavens bore record unto us That he came into the world, even Jesus, to be crucified for the world, and to bear the sins of the world, and to sanctify the world, and to cleanse it from all unrighteousness;

That through him all might be saved whom the Father had put into his power and made by him;

Who glorifies the Father, and saves all the works of his hands, except those sons of perdition who deny the Son after the Father has revealed him. (D. & C. 76:4043)

And now, after the many testimonies which have been given of him, this is the testimony, last of all, which we give of him: That he lives!

For we saw him, even on the right hand of God; and we heard the voice bearing record

that he is the Only Begotten of the Father

That by him, and through him, and of him, the worlds are and were created, and the inhabitants thereof are begotten sons and daughters unto God. (D. & C. 76:2224)

I know as well as I know anything in this life that Jesus Christ is in very deed the Savior of mankind, and that God has seen fit to establish the

Church of Jesus Christ upon the earth. I thank the Lord that I have an

abiding knowledge of God, our Father, and Jesus Christ, His Son, and that

I have pleasure in bearing witness to all the world of this knowledge that I possess.

Death has no real terror to any true Latterday Saint. A true, faithful

Latterday Saint has been blessed with testimonies of the divinity of the work in which we are engaged, and he knows that when he passes to the other side he will have an eternity of joy and happiness.

Eternal life in the presence of God and Jesus Christ has been earned by Brother and Sister Hinckley, and there is an eternity of joy in store for them. With all my heart I extend to them my gratitude for the splendid

labors that they have performed for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

I never can think of my dear mother, to whom I owe everything that I have accomplished because of her teachings, of my two wives who are dead, of my two sons, one of my daughters, and some of my grandchildren who have passed away, as being dead; I think only of my mother, my wives, my

sons, my daughter, and my grandchildren as being in the presence of God and being welcomed to their reward.

I pray God to bless and comfort Brother Hinckley and his family.

:::::':-]. '',:.:......................

Pioneer Diary

over to see us. Last night br. Mark-

[ham] arriv'd in the night—left his teams six m[ile]s back—they arriv'd in the forenoon—Sisfter] M[arkham]

quite folks ill—prospectsthan means—br.unpromising—moreG[reen] arriv'd.

4. Sis[ter] Tuesday, Aug. M [arkTHE PIONEERS'FIRST Sisfter] worse. VIEW OF THE MISSOURI ham] on Green call'd RIVER [tember] according to present calculaus—or. & sisfter] Gleason cross the

tions. river with the prospect of going on with

Part IV Sunday, July 12. Busy at work preSisfter] Green.

paring Porter [Squires] to go with Saturday, Aug. 8. Wrote 3 letters, Garden Grove—1846 [Wm.] Smith who starts back tomorone for br. M[arkham] one for Sis[ter]

is handmill for Fairchild dismiss'd Cathfarine], one now & row—The 7. [Pres.] Tuesday, Brigham July has supplied with for us bread 9. Br. Sunday, Yesterd[ay]—it Aug. arKimball], [C. [Young] Heber & time. some Sisto Benson was here—administered lastriv'd eve[ning], general meeting a 14. Tuesday, Br. Return'd to July CathWarren Mfarkham] & call'd call'd for to sick. Sistoday—Volunteers David all better today. are Markham's—found ter]arine]—they in to California thego U[nited] [ter] after timhat gone Mfarkham] arriv'd Olive yest[erday], Albert DiSftates] business service—the same I din- [Snow] took & for having her 4 gone mick ago days ber—Charlotte LittleBr. with, commission'd was who sis[ter] ner with Page. 1 the Fairchild to lower farm—sis[ter]returned with B[righam] Hfeber]. & 15. Sis[ter] Wednesday, Page July is living a commenc'd by herself—it 9. Thursday, Yesterday had July we starts this Bluffs the for morfning] devilish, sickly grumbling, growling,

visitthe of honor B[righam], a from leaving Sisfter] M[arkham], I Waitto see time us never with hope now.H[eber], Dr. Richards Markham & W. ing], sole C. [?], myself Dfavid] I & like past the another week spirits. in health Said good one—yet & of habitation the occupants—all almost & that great to thankful reason have be this as place get of out mustLforenzo] soil, of the the of brethren having most it is is health well so with me—my as tosoon come on braid. possible—must to commence for this weather. Gleason hot good left—I J. Island.G[rand] asked L[orenzo] what 19. quite Sunday, sick David July left last wife on & Friday—started gets for provisions shouldhe he do when with for ague has he which had sis [ter] with yesfterday] Green—Have I tellthere. said, shall as B[righam] do three administer'd have little loss do, at but to a a been thedays—is how to—I after get adminisyou you I for braided hat reone per since there—they day thro'see to the enjoy conclude game &ter 'd [Squires] to Porter has been who turn'd. the fam[ily] scenery. conThe now forquite sick several days, but apnow 21. Tuesday, Sisfter] Gleason July wife, sisting br. of M[arkham] &

I [rigtold to thepears mend. be on B for time been over some return'd—had says, spirits to the courage he sought keep up "I and I shall that his promiseham] wanted we river. the of Pisgah. inaugurating meetat the only Saints not by

if shall said, obey we we religious also for but proper worship ings amuseby 23. Sis[ter] Thursday, Allycome—he & July

these primicircumstances of our ments. were Because hot.counsel. extremely Weather call'd P. E. sick on [?] [?] us—both in simplicity their tive character novel was and

10. Smith Br. Friday, [Wm.] July posunlike before witnessed. as anything many As with the has [Markham] David

in sible family onemansion, crowded humble a my flourreturn'd meal, of supply with a quite br. for got looking are edifice, story 30, logs, of about with 15 a by made ague.smart—we taken has a near Bona-& floor floor dirt roof. the a carpeted with and We meat—he Mfarkham],

walls of thin the coating straw, clean draped and is atparte Calvin where 24. Finish'd braid the Friday, jobwork—expects July featherless sheets our white from with beds.

for outfit the of provisionsto get Mts. an light hall turnips our the selected largest we "To for br. since 60 hats went M[arkham]

fixed short interior, the the out from pit—scooped start for to to here[mountains] be & 11 for myself. in the placing walls candles them, around some away—braided 1st of Island the about Sepceiling the suspending of earth others and fromGfrand] and 28. Harriet Tuesday, [Snow] July

light turnip those rinds cane. through was The

. the. with spend Sarah [Snow] officially to requisitions & of the came picturesque. 1"One 2 day the government, States. from dish a United served ofPresident Young, of short succotash composed "We better of ague. the us—both five to efficient full life drawn be speeches, hundred of sentiment, spiceddemanding with men and 1

3. to rode traveling August States Monday, Lorenzo the camps, United toasts, enter enthusiasm, appropriate recitations, our songs,from

military service, and march immediately to California conundrums, exhortations, etc., etc. At the close

and assist in the war with Mexico. 2At 2 p.m. a thunder shower commenced from the all seemed perfectly satisfied and withdrew, feeling

"Upon receipt of this demand. President Young and west and continued one hour. It rained till midnight, as happy as though they were not homeless....

Heber C. Kimball, with due loyalty to an unprotective the water ran six inches deep through the tents; no "My only cow sickened and died, a loss which we

government, under which we had been exiled from wagon was exempt from water, and goods and proseriously felt. She had been a great help to us on

their respective or immediately started from more visions were homes, journey, less damaged.our our in camp us with by supplying remarkNo one milk—was

calling a succession such horseback, for volunteers,divisions, from remembered thunder on and domesticated, of heavy gentle. ably kind and was a She

one extremity of our lines to the other, and in an lightning, and so much rain in so short a time. An present from Sister Hinckley, of Portage County,

almost incredibly short time the five hundred men, ox was killed by lightning. Elder Woodruff's carriage Ohio. People familiar with the circumstances of the

Battalion,'celebrated the constituted the hill, was blown at by the Saints 'Mormon will turned bottom wind that time down readilywho pardon my family for orders, Allen, side marching upwards, by Col. the top and Sister commanded to pieces.were under tears broken shedding a few the occasion. on

Infantry. States the Unitedof

call,'the question, and 'Can weIt sparewas ourfive'country'shundred advanceWoodruffcamps.)had just Journalleft theHistory,carriage.July(At28,one1846of the corral,"One wenightdiscoveredwhen ouroneanimalssteer werewas missing.driven intoEarlythe

of our most ablebodied men?'was not asked. But 3The population of Mt. Pisgah increased until it the next morning, I discovered, on the opposite side

souls. hardof exposure Because and the of the river, of horns ox head and my drowned

at that aboutaccumulatedit was a heavyburdenstax—aoncruelthosedraft—onewho remained,which especialimposed reachedships, the2,000records Mt. 150 died show large out protruding between cakes of ice. some

ly our women, who were under the necessity of drivPisgah during the first six months of its settlement. must confess a feeling of sadness stole over me. ItI

the points several froming their brother, teams Eliza's from Aunt it Lorenzo own Snow, became of up one so ill broke which teams my left, that his their to the sons despaired. Salt Lake his partial recovery, husbands After and life waswhich for impossible either or to to spare reallyreplace."—seemed me

Valley. Some of them walked the whole of that although not well enough to travel. President Brigham Lorenzo Snow's Journal

tedious distance."—Eliza R. Snow, quoted in WomYoung appointed him to remain as presiding elder at Lorenzo Snow spent the winter at Pisgah while his

en of Mormondom (Tullidge), p. 315 the new settlement. "During the long winter months,"sister Eliza was at Winter Quarters. LeRoi C. Snow

W[arren] & wife—David, Olive, MarTuesday, Aug. 18. When we cross'd made an arrangement to drive his cows

garet and myself & I had forgotten to the river yesfterday] found br. Cumwith br. C[umming]s'and David drive

mention Olive's son Chancey. mings, whom br. Markham expected for our team. A little before night Whiting

Monday, Aug. 10. Sisfter] M [arkcompany, had gone in the morning met us; he took Albert's] place in

ham] was worse last night, still grow- & we were left with only his own family driving Warren's wagon, leaving A[l- ing worse. Commenc'd giving her in a forbidding situation for a journey bert] & D [mimic] for us by turns. At

nervine & pepper. W[arren] & in consequence of sickness & lameness. noon cross d the 4th branch of G[rand]

C[hancey] a little better. Sis[ter] Fairchild stops for br. M[arkriver.

Friday, August 21. The weather is

very cool & fine for traveling. We go

on as usual, D[avid] driving for us in

to assisting 10 o'clock, about who was0$. ti$0L <fL. SOiV the morfning], chang'd with Aflbert] drive the loose cattle. was soon He

taken with a chill, sick all day. I drove

after for nooning, which we stop'd in the drove. eve About 5 Tuesday, Aug. 11. Sis[ter] M[arkham] to send back for her, & the famtillD[avid]

ham]'s symptoms favorable—continue [ily] consists of br. & sis[ter] M[arkwe came in sight of an Indian settlethe nervine & p[epper] with Martin's ham], Wjarren] & his wife, David, ment of about 100 wigwams of the

pills. antibilious myself, Margaret, Olive & in [with]

Dimick. about 3 Aug. 12. This morn, Wednesday, years & Albert were her little Weboy aboutPottawattamiea mile of tribe.—Whenthe first huts, we

had the pleasure of perusing a letter have 3 wagons, 4 yoke of oxen & seven amus'd to see them riding at full speed calf. They talk'd & one from S[arah] M. Kimball—by the hand cows & heifers of corn sacks to meet & us—bringing Fairchild to of taking Alma to very anxious beans they were which

m drive one of the teams, but for sell us for money or "swap"for meat, the purpose of lessening care, baskets, &c. They were all pretty well

Sisfter] &c. lodging English M [ark- & well decorated—talk she that propos'd ham] & friendly. very happy & clothsome—appear'd drive the in which wagon small, neatbut are weI Their improvements

ride, Olive 6 Margaret fethe done by cultivated—being pying one wagon & W[arren] being the business of men occumales—thely

hunting.

JOURNEY PIONEER on the map are those of We cross'd 2 branches of the NaThe dates the advance company. The company tiona Botana [Nishnebole River] or the

followed in R. which Eliza Snow traveled

later, as route this weeks a few will be Sleeping rock, about % mile, distant seen from the diary. from each other—it being quite late we

were oblig'd to encamp on the bluff of & C[hancey] the other. Acthe western branch in the vicinity of

cordingly Xflma] & M[argathe Indians. They were about our

ret] who came to assist on the wagons till after dark, and we were start rode back to Mt. Pisgah fearful of their thievish skill being exwith P[arley] P. Pratt, who hibited at our expense during the night,

met us last night at our encampbut suffer'd no annoyance whatsoever ment on his way to England.—traveled 12 or 16 ms.

From exertion & too much Saturday, August 22. Br. M[arkhaml

exercise Sis[ter] M[arkham] taken with a chill in the morning, sick is quite sick & unable to sit up all day—in the afternoon sat up some,

travel'd about 12 ms. & encamp'd on—I drive, of course the boys

assisting over bad places. Br. the prairie.

M[arkham] drives the wagon Sunday, August 23. Started before

for 0[live] & M[argaret], breakfast for the want of wood & water.

Albert & David by turns drivLeave Cummings'com[pany]. A[lbert]

ing Warren's & the other & D[avid] drive the cows in the morof Porter Rockwell who arriv'd day bedriving the loose cows. W[arren] not [ning]. Whiting drove us a little while

fore yest[erday]. Wrote 2 letters to able to sit up. C. some better, br. when he took Warren's team & I

rest drove the of lame, Olive very to hand send the upper Mfarkham's] by him M [arkCamp—one drive able the to tired out to so nearly by ham] to sisfter] delicate Kimball C. & I am Hfeber] & one the day.his—aboutBr.

L[awrence]. exerting myself to assist the sick, parmiddle of the forenoon A[lbert] came Monday, Aug. 17. Last eve[ning] ticularly sis[ter] M[arkham] that I can to our wagon with a chill—we travel'd

ms., about to 5 creek a where we drive, little sit I in the but wagon to rode & do on horseback—

br. overtook luncheon a first rate travelalong get withal but comfortfound them we cameCams—took L[orenzo]'swell—his to an- 4 perhaps on & went night. a good ing [a on ms. day] 18 over expected about ms.—ckme healthWe able—stayed other of the branch NationaBotana night at about late to this road. Stop'd started but br. mor[ning], have J/

M[arkham]'s oxen stray'd & we were m[ile] from the road, [Nishnebole]. Here we found the

only able to go 3 m's. across the river. Wednesday, Aug. 19. Rain'd last bridge in a dilapidated state in conseof the quence having been It all is the time of [arkflood—wood a of indeed M trial—most night—cloudy day—Sis[ter] cross'd wash'd but without away, we sick. of at people Pisgah are very C. Mt. some ham] Wfarren] & sick—heard in accident of any the shade encamp'd & better, at father night the a camp'd 3rd of good branch death was on Bent—he fine this skirts a of timber grove which felt in river, br. will Zion.* loss the of found where be Grand we man—histhe stream Br. on both Cumfmings] I with drove 5 wagons. our Cummings,

to Pisgah. 17 August bade goodbye we Mount to before came up went sides.night—they trouble. team3ter, without Brother and one minus all day any was as wagon ToMarkham

repair not to the bridge, work constitute the occuto Mrs. and & did were Markham night Pisgah. from 40 ms. Mt. we are she of pants oxen, withI yoke a gentle wagon, of one cross. Sister better. Mfarkham]

after started, to she drive. But, proposed soon we 20. sick are Thursday, August Our cattle 24. August Monday, fell to The sick, driving of the course, and, taken was

better, br. before noon it M[arkham] a been me. horseteam have been Had till stray'd afterdetain'd were we &

entirely a qualified, but oxen driving new Iwasshould amply started noon, 6 5 or went when we & the all soon business; the being took whip sick very turns, family however and by and fatiguing—

1 to to myself, at as learned acquitted as well times gee,"as cook, sick; had andI nurse and the all "haw I ms. stream. a small encamped on &

the of teamster, of quite driving honorably, to most thankful for which strength perform. was way our for drove his drove trained cattle to so quarters. well Eliza in were ISnow, winter quoted R. The of Women Mormondom wagon—David

I it best, sit. drive. that (Tullidge), was however, could p. and 316 At (Continued on page 356)

-fUqhisouMUiA6u and, $AaiiJbudsL

By GEORGE ALBERT SMITH Of the Council of the Twelve

Delivered at the Monday evening sesand mothers and daughters are, and sion of the 113th Annual Conference, when it comes to faith in God and prayApril 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle er it is equal to anything that the men may be able to muster. I fear that

I neglect them. sometimes wonder we

I benefit that the of trust have may if tonight the here, are men who who I faith that prayers, your and may this to to have conference great come led will that to something I be say be into worship here are be God, who

I is helpful, realize for that the time spirit structed influence the of the precious asvery are when many men left left the of homes, underLord—have tonight. here are asassembled

is in households there family a which that things of are thousands There

I children wife. besides of the askam

I if might talked about, but be am ing question, the myself of many "How blessed the our Father Heavenly by tonight, are here before you you who

I things will about befew speak may here to the put wait Lord, came upon

I thatthose are given to while stand me the arms around your who woman feet.upon my side, stood the of your mother your by

is in terrible condition. world a The children, that told her and were you

toreferences that been haveThe made grateful that the keep she homewould thisnight during conference the and to fires burning couldn't be you when fact that of are young our many men

I if there?"the appreciate wonder weaway, of never some come whom may appreciates daughters of as He Godback, of young our some and women, their treasure virtues them. and we Do stirstoo, in naturally feeling us a

'faith their their their devotion and andthat to only our want do we best—not as motherhood our Father Heavenly

will, that that that determine but we we does? GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

it. the to strength have do Aboutwe

a month ago we checked on my relaRecorded in the Book of Mormon is tives in the Smith family, and there wounded, after a series of battles, two the statement that He took a whole race were more than seventy that were alhundred of them having fainted from of men to task because the hearts of ready enlisted, and since that time there the loss of blood, not one had lost his their wives were broken by their careare quite a number of others that have life. When the question was asked, lessness, and their children who had

lost in their conup had homes couldgone. you grown do it? you here that "How have been told How could We

fidence in them. the of were These men faith?"those the have boys, approximately no doubt, twentyfive havewe

thousand members of the Church that like the ones that are going out now, the Church that I am talking about, and are now at the front or are preparing eighteen years and a little older, smilthe Lord reproved them and gave them to go. This is serious for us, and while ingly remarked, "We knew, our mothto understand that unless they repented

the papers are full of the successes of ers knew."(See Alma 57:1922.) of their carelessness they need not hope

the allied forces, and we are told of the I think that is one of the greatest for His blessings. So I want to say to

powerful guns and bombs that are being tributes that has ever been paid to this group of Priesthood tonight, prayis one thing and prayers are imporutilized against those who are opposing motherhood—that in circumstances ing

us, the fact remains that we are insuch as they were experiencing, when tant, but living is the thing that will volved in a terrible struggle and that the they were surrounded by enemies, they bring us power with our Heavenly Faimplements of war on the other side could train their children to have that ther. Living the gospel of Jesus Christ

may be equally powerful and equally faith in God that would carry them will give us influence with our fellows effective against us. I do not feel the through and would bring them home among the children of men. Keeping

assurance that some have due to our without losing their lives. the commandments of God will give us

physical strength when I realize that I have been asking myself the quesstrength and assurance that not anyonly onethird of the people of the tion, "Have the mothers of Israel been thing else can give us.

world are likely to be on our side bepreparing their sons? Have they been I am glad that so many of the brethren

cause of being Christians or believing teaching these boys that must represent can come to this conference, and I hope in the divine mission of Jesus Christ. us on the battlefield, that they too, can that when we go home from the meetTwo-thirds of the world have never be preserved; that God will take care ings that are being held here, that each

accepted Christianity, and it wouldn't of them if they are in the line of their of us returning to the home that is sotake very much to swing nations that duty?"And I want to say that if our precious to us, and is all that many of

are now quiescent, if I may use that mothers have, the fathers have much us possess, that we will do so deterword, to the side of those who are seekto be grateful for, because some fathers mined that with the help of the Lord ing to destroy the liberty that mankind do not take much time to teach these we will honor His daughters. We will

is enjoying. children things like that in these days. treasure their love; we will be true to

I am thinking of the experience of Tonight as I look at this great audithem and help them to do the things the Nephites, when they were having ence of men, more than 5,000, I realize that they have to do when fathers and their perilous troubles, and how just the strength of the holy Priesthood; husbands and brothers are away.

two thousand and sixty boys, striplings knowing that we are the representatives I think that tonight there are no peoas Helaman called them, were brought of divinity and that the men in this ple in all the world who have such face to face with men of experience and room have the power that comes from reason to be grateful as we. Realizing;

training in warfare, and they went forGod to represent Him upon the earth. our privileges and opportunities I am

ward without any question, and when I know that, and at the same time I thankful for my own experience, raised they were gathered from the battlerealize that there is a force in the Latin a Latterday Saint home; taught to

field, everyone of them having been terday Saint homes where our wives [Continued on page 382)

UalianL IN THE COVENANTS By GEORGE F. RICHARDS

Of the Council of the Twelve have enjoyed with you, my brethDelivered at the Monday afternoon sesLord intends that these things be preren, the spirit and instructions of this sion of the l\3th Annual Conference, served unto us, if only we will be

I conference, and while I have been April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle worthy and keep His commandments.

sitting upon the stand and realizing that But there is trouble just the same,

I would be called at some session of the troubled hearts and minds, and the war conference to speak, my mind has enhas not only affected the individual tertained a variety of thoughts and I members of the Church along with wonder if I can bring to your mind other people of the world to their sorsome of these reflections in a way that row, but also the Church of Jesus Christ will be appreciated and worth while. of Latterday Saints feels its effects.

I see in this large body of men a repWe can see its baneful effects in all the resentation of the Priesthood and minorganizations of the Church. As we

istry of the Church of Jesus Christ of move among you brethren in the stakes

Latterday Saints, and I realize, to some of Zion attending the conferences, we extent at least, what the responsibility note how the quorums of the Priesthood of holding the Priesthood and being a are disrupted, officers and members minister of the Lord means. alike called into the service of their

When we embraced the gospel by government, and the work is greatly baptism, by that act we covenanted hampered. Because of the rationing of

that we would keep the commandments rubber and of gas for our motor cars, of God. When we received the Priestthe auxiliary associations of the young

hood, by that act we covenanted to men and the young women do not have magnify that Priesthood, and when we the attention which they heretofore received these various positions which had. The leading officers are not able

grow out of the Priesthood, and which to visit and associate with them and we as a part of the ministry have reencourage and help them along as forceived, it has been usually with a prommerly.

ise on our part that we will magnify I receive each month a report from that calling to the best of our ability. the various temples of the work being

That comes in the nature of a solemn done. Since the beginning of the war

covenant made before the Lord and His there has been a tremendous falling off servants and should not be regarded GEORGE F. RICHARDS in the amount of temple work done in

lightly on our part. all the temples of the Church—a la-

I congratulate you and myself, plan, all looking toward the saving of mentable condition.brethren, on being engaged in the work the souls of our Father's children—all We receive a monthly report through

tells us the First Council of the Seventy of theof the Lord—the greatest and grandest of us, for the Prophet Joseph

and most glorious work in which man, that we were all there in the Council missionary work in the stakes of Zion, angels, or Gods can be engaged. All of Heaven, that we saw the Savior and we observe that there has been a

that we know, all that we have heard chosen and appointed and the plan of great falling off of accomplishment in that has come from our Father in salvation made, and we sanctioned it. that work.

heaven and from His Son Jesus Christ, Then it is not going too far, I think, to Our elders are returning from the pertains to the salvation of the souls of say that this is the noblest work in mission field in large numbers, but very men. As the Father walked and talked which even the Gods can be engaged. few going into the field to replace them,

with His servant Moses, He explained And what an honor it is, and we should and We wonder what the results are goto Moses, "... behold, this is my work so regard it, to be privileged to work ing to be. I wonder, brethren, if we

and my glory—to bring to pass the imwith the Father and for the Father in are doing all we can to improve this

mortality and eternal life of man"the accomplishing of His purposes, condition in the Church.

(Moses 1:39). Accordingly a council looking to the saving of souls. I won- I had the pleasure this last week of

was called in heaven where the plan of der if we fully appreciate this honor. interviewing a returned missionary

man's salvation was considered, and We are living in perilous times. whom I set apart six months ago to go

Jesus, the Firstborn of the Father in Many of the Latterday Saints are into the mission field for a shortterm the spirit, came forward with a proposal troubled in their minds, have great mission. He is seventythree years of

to do the will of the Father. Said He: anxiety because of the war and because age, and this was the eighth mission for

"... Father, thy will be done, and the their loved ones—husbands, brothers, him. Every winter for eight years he

glory be thine forever"(Moses 4:2). and sons—must of necessity engage in has spent about six months in the misHe was chosen as the Savior of the the war, many of whose lives have been sion field. He is not a wealthy man, he

world and by Him, under the Father, lost and others are in jeopardy and in has no farm to return to, he has no the world was created and made and danger. We regard the cause as a just business, but he informed me that he

all things therein. We sanctioned the one. This country was given to us of has an invitation from the mission presiplan of salvation and our resolves withthe Lord. The constitution and laws of dent to return next winter; and he inout a doubt were that we would abide the country were given to us of the tends so to do, if in the meantime he can

by that plan in all particulars, that in Lord. Our liberty and our freedom earn enough money for his keep in the

the end we might be like our Father and came from the Lord, and, where it is mission, dwell with Him in His kingdom; and necessary, we must fight to maintain I am wondering, brethren, if in your

the morning stars sang, and we, the sons that freedom, and liberty, and peace. quorums of the Priesthood, if in the

of God, shouted for joy in this great It is only reasonable to believe that the {Continued on page 376) Our By STEPHEN L RICHARDS Course Of the Council of the Twelve—

have surely been blessed, my Delivered at the Monday afternoon sesbrethren, with excellent counsel sion of the \\3th Annual Conference,WEand inspiring messages in this April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle conference. When I contemplate the

fact that within this historic building we have met in peace, we have not been peace will ever be lasting or satisfacdisturbed, we have been able to contory into which is not infused the spirit centrate on the high purposes to which of the gospel of Jesus Christ, whose our lives are dedicated; while all about disciples we are. I recognize the fact

us is turmoil and confusion, I feel deepthat it seems a herculean and almost imly grateful for the blessings which the possible undertaking for the few of us

Lord has brought to us. who constitute the Church of Jesus

I believe that our course is well Christ of Latterday Saints to be an charted for us. There need be no conimportant factor in giving the spirit of

fusion about the direction we are to our Savior to the peoples of the world take, and the destination we are to and those who preside over nations.

it achieve. We are set to maintain the I cannot understand myself just how

kingdom of God in this world, and all may be accomplished, but I know that of our energy and our effort is directed if God wills it, it can be accomplished, to that glorious purpose. and I believe that it will be, and in the

It is true that we find ourselves at pnd when we see how it is accomthis particular time confronted with a plished, perhaps we will conclude that necessity which deserves and demands it was not such an impossible task after our immediate attention. Our country all.

is engaged in a war. We are citizens. When we think how, with the deWe nave the job of winning that war. STEPHEN L RICHARDS velopment of modern science the voice

It has heretofore been pointed out how of one man can be magnified to reach essential it is to the preservation of work in any country other than Ameriall over this earth, and how a man's liberty in the earth that we accomplish ca. American freedom has furnished picture can be projected so that thouthis our immediate purpose and underthe environment in which and out of sands can see it at one time, it does not

taking. I believe that we can make which the Church of Christ has grown seem to me within the realm of the imsome real contributions to that end, and and developed. The preservation of possible that a way may be provided by

that we ought to make them. that freedom is not only essential for which about onehalf of one percent of

In the first place, this war has to be our civic rights, but it is essential also the population of this nation can infinanced. However much we may disfor the growth and ultimate consumfluence the will and the judgment and

agree with policies in vogue we must mation of the kingdom of God. In my the action of all the remainder. I berecognize that fact, and there devolves humble judgment every soldier who lieve that it can be done. I am sure that

upon each one of us an obligation to do consciously and conscientiously deit can be done only with the aid of spirall that he can to provide the funds votes himself to the preservation of that itual power and spiritual gifts, and that which are essential to supply our solfreedom is making a distinct contribuis what we most need at this hour.

diers with the implements of war. tion to the great work with which we The power of the Priesthood is a

When I think of what they suffer, the have the honor to be identified. spiritual power. We know that there is

hardships through which they have to I would like each one of our soldier efficacy in it. We have seen its power

pass, as revealed by such arresting acboys to have the consolation in his manifest. We know, too, that these

counts as we have from Eddie Rickenhours of bitter trial that whatever he spiritual powers are not developed exbacker, for one, I would not fail to give gives to the cause of freedom he gives cept through goodness and righteousto each of these men the implements to the cause of Christ, and I would like ness. We need today the great gift of

which he needs, the medicines that he each one to know that as he enters into discernment to be able to proceed with requires, if it were possible for me to this great undertaking he does so with an intelligence and a wisdom that give them to him, and I think that each the blessing of the Priesthood of the transcend our finite powers in the one of us is under obligation to subliving God. We did not create the war; courses which we are to pursue. We

scribe to bonds, to contribute to various we deplore it; but it is here; and it is need, too, personal influence which

causes which are destined to help those essential that triumph come to the cause shall touch the lives of all with whom in distress, and to be liberal, as liberal of freedom and victory. I, for one, we come in contact and impress them

as our circumstances will permit. feel a deep gratitude in my heart to not only with the seriousness of our

In the next place, we are sending out every soldier for fighting my battle for undertaking, as so well explained by our young men into battle sometimes, I my home, my country, and my religion. Brother Smith, but with the vitality of

feel, without having fully interpreted Then, we recognize that while we are this undertaking for the welfare of this for them the issues at stake and the helping to win this war it is essential world. I believe that God can magnify

purposes for which they are expected that we make a contribution that will the personal influence of a man so that to fight. I am sure that every soldier help to win a decent peace for this it reaches out and touches the lives of

would receive encouragement and fortiearth. Now, of course I do not know others, and I have been constrained for

tude to enable him to bear his trials if and I cannot state, and I do not know many years to believe that if all the he had a perfect understanding of why that anybody can state at this juncture, people of our Church were actually to freedom and liberty are essential to the what kind of organization may be keep the commandments, which Presiconsummation of the great purposes of set up for the establishment and the dent Grant has asked them repeatedly the Almighty. preservation of peace in time to come, to do, they would develop individual

We never could have begun this but I do know this one thing, that no (Continued on page 375)

Uthat WE ARE FIGHTING FOR By Delivered at the Monday evening ses- R. LYMANsion of the \\3th Annual Conference, RICHARD

April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle. Of the Council of the Twelve

Iongthatyears"...agoourAbrahamfathers broughtLincolnforthsaid Our All Upon the Altar

-1 on this continent, a new nation, The mayor later also took the party conceived in liberty, and dedicated to through the historic municipal and nathe proposition that all men are created tional buildings of Geneva and showed equal. Now,"said he, "we are engaged to us, the members of the party, the

in a great Civil War, testing whether many and impressive historic docuthat nation or any nation so conceived ments and other treasures which the and so dedicated can long endure...."people of Switzerland hold dear as we

hold dear the original copies of the

To Endure Forever Constitution of the United States and our Declaration of Independence. Some

Today we are engaged in a greater twentyone or twentytwo nations are war, a war that covers the whole earth. held together in Switzerland by their

We are fighting on battlefields around love of independence and liberty much the world for the sacred purpose of as our fortyeight states are held todemonstrating that, God being our gether. The elimination of war, that is,

helper, not only one nation, our nation, the preservation and maintenance of but that any and all nations "... conpeace, is the principal aim of the officeived in liberty, and dedicated to the RICHARD R. LYMAN cials and people of that great city and

proposition that all men are created that little but great republic, Switzerland. to secure are endeavoring They..."long, shall endure only notequal

hail thee, to Glory! New great that in all the world for mankind is the forever.but shall endure That thee follow unfurled WeAll blessing which and of peace good will forgreat cause which and blessing write larger the story we To

are fighting today. And using again the Of the Freedom of the World. Christ came so long ago to bring, that

language of the immortal Lincoln, we blessing for which all good Christian have resolved that those heroes of the On the very day the other war was people around the whole world are so other world war who gave their lives ended, November 11, 1918, he wrote: fervently praying during these terrible

and those of this war who make the and trying times. It is for this great

supreme sacrifice "... shall not have Oh, welcome home in Heaven's peace, dear cause that the United Nations including

spirits of the dead! unare country our beloved..."now own in vain. resolveddied have We sons welcome America ye living home And all selfishly altar the their "... putting uponthat the whole world "under God"bred! hath

thrust have had of war. By force weshall birth of freedom, and a have new lords of are beaten your down, war The

that government of the people, by the glorious task is done; upon us this great conflict and, spurred

people, for the people, shall not perish You fought to make the whole world free, on by our love of liberty, we, the from the earth...."and the victory is won. United Nations, are making gigantic efforts to win.

thrilling that that unfortunate How Henry Van Dyke says:

glorious clearWill Win Courageously achievement, thus so and to ly be dead stated, did not dramatically Oh, better and so of our country is "In motto The God face the a turned sky, toward With actually a reality. become trust,"our and throughout land we we live slavish beneath dread a Than

And serve a giant lie. sing- A Temple and the Center of Peace

land bright be with freedom's our Long may heart, stand up, up, Stand and strive my light; holy in President Grant thee! Euthings to was the dear For When most

Protect us might, Great God, our by Thy alive to care should be the rope of years ago, we a few mayor Why King. is free? the Unless world as Switzerland, Geneva, took him and

many others of his party as the mayor's With faith in God the Eternal Father

What he wrote then concerning the car would carry (seven as I remember to whom nothing is impossible, we have other world war and our flag applies it) and showed the members of that carried into this mighty and unparalto this world war and to our flag with party the flowers, the parks, the mounleled struggle "the only flag in all the even greater accuracy and force tain scenery, the loveliness of Lake world that has never known defeat."

Geneva, and many other of the attracGod helping us we shall not only win,

O fiercer than all wars before tions in and about that famous city, but however great the cost in tears, in

That raged on land or sea, that great center of peace. President blood, in human life, or in economic

Robber's Giant worldwide The war the next Grant the expressed day treasure, shall courageously. win we the things be! shall that not For

hills that thought the somewhere among finally peace comes and when And sister line; the banners hold Thy

in that city, surrounding that land of is the the following ended, war words call; thee, flag, dear they To

And thou hast joined them with the sign freedom and democracy, it would be of Van Dyke found in his poem enThe heavenly sign, the victor sign fitting indeed for the Church of Jesus titled "Golden Stars,"will apply as

Of the stars that never fall. Christ to build a temple. (Concluded on page 382)

OUR OBLIGATIONS

By I make a briefFirst, brethren, may response the report concerning F. MERRILL to the JOSEPH sent to out a request

chairmen of our NoLiquor-Tobacco Of the Council of the Twelve committees in all the stakes of the

Church late last summer and early in the fall. Many thousands of letters

and names attached to petitions went to

Washington addressed to their respecDelivered at the Monday afternoon sestive senators and representatives, urgsion of the With Annual Conference, ing the passage of what was known as April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle the Sheppard Bill, which, if it had been passed, would have brought prohibition to the military reservations and camps and other places where the armed men of this country were serving. forces of the United States to keep in

The bill failed. The opposition was too touch with them, to write letters to

strong, but a great deal of good, I am them, to provide a setup in the quoJOSEPH F. MERRILL

sure, was accomplished. In what way? rum that shall insure a letter going forIn the little town of Hollingwood in ward at least monthly to those in the it, if they really have it, through the

New Jersey, there was an army enarmed services. We heard a report channelsit of revelation direct from heavcampment established. It was a dry that in one of the stakes this is being en.

community that felt outraged at what done by another agency; but I want to What authority, brethren, have we

was going on; so by a search of the say to the Priesthood authorities in that for that statement? May I say that for

records they found that in 1901 Constake, brethren, that does not release the last five and a half years, since the gress had passed a law prohibiting the you of your responsibility. That work present policy has been in operation, it

sale or bringing onto the reservations is not being done by the Priesthood has been my great privilege and my deand military establishments of this quorums, by you brethren who have light to interview hundreds of returned country alcoholic beverages in any members of your brotherhoods away missionaries, and I find out from those form whatsoever. But in 1933 the Confrom home. We can bless them for missionaries by direct questioning that

gress of the United States declared that what they are doing, but will you, too, they have a testimony. All but two of

beverages containing not more than please do that. them have said, "Brother Merrill, when

three and two tenths percent alcohol I am not going to enter into a dis- I bore testimony, particularly toward were not intoxicating. This law that was cussion of the good that these letters the end of my mission, to the divinity

found to be already in existence did not can accomplish when they are written, of this work I was not expressing an mention mild beer, but it touched everybut I am making this appeal again, that ardent hope or earnest wish that this is thing else of an alcoholic nature, strongthey shall be written from every quothe work of the Lord; I was saying what

er than 3.2%. So you read a few rum of Priesthood in this Church that I really knew; yes, I know this is the

months ago that the War Department has any of its members away in the work of the Lord,"or words to that efliquorhad proclamation by banned fect. country. of forces the have in armed We

all its miliexcept mild beer forms from also, urged, that they keep advised and brethren, are here who And you, my etc. reservestary In other and camps, in at least, the touch, with quarterly if opportunity this given the afternoon,

to agitation the get to try thewords, their are of quorums members who I right stand could, presume, up now

Billpassage the succeeded of Sheppard in defense engaged from home away this that that too say you and know in unearthing already been what had industries of country. the is the the Lord. of work

in the in effectdone. United have So we is or there brethren, a word Now, I fact discuss the to going not am thing thatStates the very it was hoped

I like another to say on would two is the guiding there revelation that bill forthat accomplish, except would it I relatwill topic, introduce and I by your of to speak Church, but want beer.mild

little incident. ing years ago a few perresponsibility received having a as A

Another thing: I am reading now a as I was conducting a class in the missonal testimony divinely given of the

brief quotation from an article in a resion home, a young lady missionary truthfulness of this work. I think,

cent number of Goocf Health, which arose and asked: "Brother Merrill, why brethren, that that testimony places

magazine, in my opinion, is standing do we no longer have revelation in this upon us a very heavy responsibility. It

valiantly, continually, and persistently Church?"It was of course a very surhas been mentioned here by other

for principles the of of our Word it question, Wisprising sure but was is am this responsibility? speakers. What

is that extent exceeded to not andom was: sincerely asked, answer and to misImy urged encourage have been We in this publication other counanyby this; to "Sister, there discuss time it all is no in the time, sionary work; do we

Itry. said, read: This magazine and I is up, but nearly say to the you hour all all in conferences, quarterly of our

give mission and go on your you will go. contacts; our do it wherever we we tends moral if to break down Army life

it, sincerely, to wholeheartedly yourself It is placed obligations great one of the estabprinciples, are firmly unless they lished. Removal of the restraint of home obeying the mission rules and regulaupon the Church—that of engaging in

and business association, evil companiontions, and be obedient to the authority missionary work. But there are two

ship which would be avoided in civil life, that presides over you, and live near to methods by which we may do it, by recklessness the temptation,abundant and before Lord, you you yourself are are as those reprecept, doing who bring, to arenearness death may is in the revelation will there among the turnthe their that to know using called to time devote this. forreasons

the will besides Church; know that example. are you method, But and by we

I read this, brethren, so that you will message that you carry is divine, and all called to use the method of example.

be reminded that we have time and you will get that knowledge not beAnd so, since we know this is the again requested our Priesthood quocause you hear others testify to it, but Lord's work (we bear testimony to rums that have members in the armed because you will get it as all others get (Continued on page 372)

VmUwniaL dlopSL By CHARLES A. CALLIS

Of the Council of the TwelveDelivered at the Monday morning session of the l\3th Annual Conference,

April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle eternity. I am so grateful that the hopes

and the fond desires of the saints conSoftly beams the sacred dawning cerning immortality and eternal life are

Of the great Millennial morn, voiced in the doctrines of the Church

And to Saints gives welcome warning of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

That the day is hasting on. The Apostle Paul tells us that when the

Splendid, rising o'er the mountains, Savior comes to reign in power and in

Glowing with celestial cheer, great glory, from the very headwaters

Streaming from eternal fountains, of immortality there is going to flow a

Rays of living light appear. stream of immortality, for he says

(John Jacques, "Softly Beams For the Lord himself shall descend from the Sacred Dawning") heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and

first: rise in shall the Christ dead bade that has believe hope not DO

alive, are remain and which Then we I think, I firmly farewell. the world in the shall together with caught be them up

in that ugly mass this huge,I believe in air: to clouds, the the so meet Lord and

of evil that is rolling and swelling there shall we ever be with the Lord.

is some good, imprisoned temporarily; Wherefore comfort one another with

that this good is working towards dethese words. (I Thessalonians 4:1618)

liverance and triumph.

This earth, according to the scripThe Prophet Joseph, the solver of tures, is moving towards a glorious problems, the comforter of humanity, ideal. We believe that Christ will reign told a mother who had lost a baby in

personally upon the earth and that the death that, in the resurrection when the earth will be renewed and receive its Lord Jesus Christ appears, her baby paradisiacal glory. By prophets this CHARLES A. CALLIS would be resurrected and that she

glorious condition has long been forewould have the joy, more joy than she in in mortality, resthe could have had earth,told. reign Christ's Bible, when of He holy the pages upon writ-—the

urrection, rearing the or of that baby, it establishwill the of Doctrine the and Mormon, Book the millennium—andon

child, children, young young have whowill before comes not be established Price of Pearl Covenants, He the Great and womanhood. and to manhood of martyrs consolation the redied, been as pages you read these-—has—sounds

of the greatest Greeley, Horace one It is suffering saints. of hope millennium,and the garding the like a trumpet

the hope of the world. The mission of calling us to preparation. If we are editors that ever lived, lost a boy who

this Church, I understand, is to preach earnest and devoted in our duty to prewas five years of age. He said:

the gospel, to prepare a people for the paring a people for the millennium, you "Now, all that deeply concerns me is great millennial reign. This Church has will not see these liquor stores disfigurthe evidence that we shall live hereafter

been established and dedicated for that ing our mountain valleys. The tremen-... If I felt sure on the point of identivery purpose, and in His first visit to dous price paid for liquor in the valleys fying and being with our loved ones in

the Prophet Joseph, the angel Moroni of Ephraim, it seems to me, is a warnthe world to come, I would prefer not told him that the preparatory work was ing, at least an indication, that the to live long."Well, all that doubt is

about to commence, to prepare a people vision of our destiny has been someremoved by obedience to the doctrines for that glorious event. We do not what blurred. I plead for stronger, of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterhope to convert all the world before more persuasive, more loving teaching day Saints.

the second coming of the Son of God, in the homes of the Latterday Saints. We are told that when the Jaredites

but through this gospel and the governConditions during the millennium are in their barges set forth for this land of ment that God has set up in the Church, going to satisfy the soul. Holiness will promise, fierce and terrible tempests

it is our destiny, our bounden duty, to be triumphant, Satan will be bound, and prevailed. The winds blew, and they

prepare a people to meet the Savior. men to a very large extent shall be rewere in imminent danger all the while

We talk, and justly so, of the greatlieved from temptation. The swords on that perilous journey. God sustained

ness of our Priesthood quorums and all are going to be beaten into plowshares, them. And we read that although these

of our auxiliary organizations, and I and the spears into pruning hooks, and gales and tempests raged, holding dewould not for the world underestimate nations shall not learn war any more struction in their wake, that the wind their strength and power and the great was continually blowing toward the the sense shall hold of most common When adversities these Land. Promised doing, but And are they what aboutwork

fretful in realm awe, a these passing, are through which lack evident wethe about the what home, shall Iapt earth the slumber, kindly And all things terrible horrible the said: and wars control?of parental Solomon universal law. in

"Train up a child in the way he should that are prevailing, are in the power of go: and when he is old, he will not deDuring the millennium we are not God. He can stop them when He

part from it"(Proverbs 22:6). If our going to be idle. God forbid. Jesus chooses, when His divine purposes are

people will obey the injunction of the Christ said in the Book of Mormon: fulfilled. But let us not forget that

Almighty and teach their children the "... for my work is not yet finished; through this sea of trouble, our adversiprinciples of the gospel, not only by neither shall it be until the end of man, ties, the experiences through which we

precept but by example, you are going neither from that time henceforth and pass and which God will make work to see a people such as the world has forever"(II Nephi 29:9). together for our good, if we will obey

never before beheld, for the children As we are colaborers with the AlHim—all these are blowing us forward

brought up in righteousness will be fit mighty, how can we indulge in the vain to the haven of rest, to a glorious future, to meet the Lord when He comes in hope that we shall be idle during the to eternal life, and unitedly we join in power and great glory. This blessed millennium. No, we shall be colabor- John's loving response "... even so,

millennium, the account of which shines ers with Jesus Christ throughout all come Lord Jesus."Amen.

) I

On. TAKING OURSELVES

SERIOUSLY

Brethren: If one or two more By

whose names are Joseph F. are

added to the list of General Authorities, general conference will make JOSEPH F. SMITH

of me a total wreck. (Laughter. Patriarch to the Church

As a boy I used to marvel when my father said that at the general conferDelivered at the Monday afternoon sesence he lost his appetite, and when he sion of the \\3th Annual Conference.

was called upon to speak, his arms, his April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle elbows, and his hands went numb. I

now look upon my father as a man of unusual fortitude. (Laughter.) I have

felt that I was in danger of imminent disintegration the desires. been It has never south of my Adam's apsonal

ple. 'to tel! business of a prophet of God

I trust that the few moments that are people what they wanted to hear; it is

mine shall not be spent in vain for you the business of a prophet, and I imagine and that your faith will assist me to it is a very unpleasant business somesay one or two things which are of times, to tell the people what the Lord value. wants them to know and to do, and we

Six months ago in reporting the genwho hold the Priesthood should take eral conference, Time magazine, in its the Church seriously enough to be obe - characteristic fashion, spoke of the dient to the scriptures.

Mormon Church, an organization of I have been impressed with the times less than a million persons, as an orduring this conference that the imporganization which took itself very seriJOSEPH F. SMITH tance of kindness has been stressed, and

ously as an international influence. The I heartily concur in those sentiments. It

Salt Lake correspondent for Time, who terms that where much is given much is necessary, however, if we are to be

I suppose wrote that article, wrote betis expected and that we shall be held truly kind, for us to be intelligent, for ter than he knew, and I think that Time accountable if we fail to magnify the us to be understanding. We near frecould immortalize itself no better than calling which is ours. It is essential that quently that we must not drive young

prophetically to hang upon the walls of if we are to be intelligently obedient to men out of the Church because they its editorial offices those words in the gospel, if we are intelligently to take up smoking, which is quite true.

bronze. keep the covenants which every one of You will remember Bishop Ashton's reThe Church of Jesus Christ of Latus has made, it is necessary for us to marks yesterday. I think we should go

terday Saints does take itself seriously know what the gospel is and what those a little further, however, and in being as an international power. The difficovenants entail, which means that kind to these individuals, make it clear

culty is that the members of the Church every one of us should be a student of to them that in every case at least fiftv of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints do the scriptures. Not only should he be percent of the isolation which they feel.

not take into sufficient consideration a student of the scripture as that scripand oftener than that a larger percent, the international importance of the ture is found recorded in Holy Writ, is due not to the Church but to the inChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday but he should be obedient to the scripdividual who is not conforming.

Saints. I submit to you that concenture as it shall come from the constituted I had an interesting conversation with

trated under this famous dome there is authority of the Church. Somehow it a man from Washington not long ago,

greater potentiality, were it worthily seems so easy to believe that the word and he said he did not go to church any used, than is to be found in the comof the Lord is printed in a book, but to more because he did not feel comfortbined military commands of the warring some people it seems a little difficult able; they did not make him feel at

nations, and, as we have heard time and when the word of the Lord comes from home; they preached about the Word

time again during this conference, that a living man. of Wisdom, and he felt isolated; he felt

is responsibility. so he stayed not welcome, he was just I read from that or two a word May seriously take the not I do Church smoking. taken Wea great away. had up He that revelation a given to Orson was Peterasenough. Brother Yesterday if specifically had asked anyone him missionaries: other and some Hyde

I recall, asson, president of the former that "No, said not welcome. he was

Norwegian Mission, was speaking—And whatsoever they shall speak when no, but they preach the Word of Wisthink it was he who told the tale of findmoved upon by the Holy Ghost shall be dom."

shall will shall scripture, the Lord, of the be dising that School had been a Sunday I will said: stop have us you "Well,

shall of the the the Lord, be be mind word the bishopric because gone had beof preaching Wisdom the Word shall of the the of Lord, Lord, the voice be of large body Shall smoking? taken have up cause youbandedpheasanthunting—this the of salvation. unto and power God

mirth. toPriesthood moved was faithful revealed to the not be word (D. we C. 68:4) I &

personally can find no vestige of humor of the Lord because you have seen fit in the fact that men holding the PriestWhen Heber J. Grant, whom you not to follow that advice?"

hood and with responsibility to a conhave sustained, and I expect will again Eventually he admitted that the reagregation should disband it in order to sustain before this conference is over, son he did not feel at home was not that breakWe thedo Sabbath.not take the Church of Jesus issuesRevelator,instructionthat wordas Prophet,should Seer,be scripand abutcoldbecauseshoulderhe hadknewbeenin turnedhis owntohearthim,

Christ of Latterday Saints seriously ture to us. It is the word of the Lord that he was doing what he ought not to

enough. Here are gathered men who Himself through His prophet, and it do.

hold the Priesthood of Almighty God, may be that sometimes that advice is I think many times it would be kindand we have been told in no uncertain not exactly in accordance with our per- (Concluded on page 379)

Shxpfwidlu OF THE FLOCK By LEGRAND RICHARDS

Presiding Bishop

Delivered at the Monday morning session of the With Annual

Conference, April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle

I would like to read a few words from I would like to say, brethren, that the thirtyfirst chapter of Jeremiah. these souls who are so precious in the

Jeremiah saw the gathering of the Latsight of God are not only those who terday Saints in our day and described live out among the gentiles, but many the same as plainly as you can read it of them are the sons and daughters of in Church history, even to the long trek Israel. In the veins of some of them

along the Platte River in order to reach flows the very best blood of this generathese valleys of the mountains. And tion, and many of them are inactive and

so I read from that chapter: they are waiting for you to call them

into service.

that the shall there watchbe a day, For shall cry, When I was laboring as president of the Ephraim mount upon men

Arise ye, and let us go up to Zion unto the the Southern States Mission and we

Lord our God.... mission presidents met in the temple

Therefore they shall come and sing in the with the Quorum of the Twelve, folLEGRAND RICHARDS height of Zion, and shall flow together to lowing the reports of the mission presithe goodness of the Lord, for wheat, and dents, President Clawson told us the oil, for for for the wine, and and young the earth created and the fulhad of Lord soul their the the flock herd: of and and at thereof, ness then he described and are the shepherds You shall shall theyBrethren: garden; a and be as watered

of creations length the marvelous feeling some help I cannot of the flock.... all. not at sorrow more any

that in the marvelous work you And I will satiate the soul of the priests the Lord. Then he said, "But, brethren,

are doing in feeding the sheep and the with fatness, and my people shall be satis- I say unto you that the soul of one of lambs, you are demonstrating your love fled with my goodness, saith the Lord. His children is more precious in His

of Him, as the Savior expressed Him- (Jeremiah 31:6, 12, 14) sight than all the earth and the things

self to Peter; and I believe we might I do not believe you could go anyHe has created.."

read between the lines, His love of where in the world and find men enHow precious are the souls of the those who undertake such a marvelous gaged in the ministry, I care not how sheep of the flock among whom you work as you do. great their salaries are, who would testibrethren are called to labor! Now those

Bishop Nibley once said, speaking of fy that the Lord has satiated their souls of you who have had the privilege of the bishops, that he thought Paul made with fatness and they are satisfied with laboring in the mission field have seen a mistake when he said, "Those who the Lord's goodness to them, as are you men arrive, some of whom had never desire the work of a bishop desire a brethren who bear the Priesthood of prayed in public in their lives, never good work."He should have said, "a God and are privileged to feed the flock done anything in the Church in a pubgood lot of work."under His divine leadership and inspiralic way, and yet you have seen what

We hear a great deal about how the tion. they have become in a year or two

bishops are overloaded, have too much You are dealing with the most preunder the inspiration of the Lord. I

to do, how many of them are wanting to cious things in all the world; you are have come to feel that there is no man

be released because of the great respondealing with the souls of men, and I in Israel who is without potential power sibility they are carrying. I have taken want to remind you of the words of the for good in the midst of the people,

occasion during these few conference Lord to the Prophet Joseph given in if he is only given opportunity to render days to inquire of many of them, "Bishthe eighteenth section of the Doctrine some service.

op, how are you enjoying your work?'and Covenants, where He says: I want to read a few words from the

and each has replied in about these twelfth chapter of First Corinthians, words, "Very much—it is the grandest Remember the worth of souls is great in what Paul says about the gifts of the

opportunity I have ever had."And I the sight of God; Spirit:

sufthe For, behold, your Lord Redeemer is feelbelieve that the the bishops way in sufflesh; fered the death wherefore he gifts, diversities there of are but the Nowabout

all the of fered that might pain men, all men Spirit. same

I I first mission, was on Whenit. my repent unto him. and come administradifferences there of are And

in letterreceived father a from my risen the dead, hath he again from And tions, Lord. but the same

which he said in words such as these, that he might bring. all men unto him, on And there are diversities of operations,

"My son, I would like to say to you that conditions of repentance. but it is the same God which worketh all

there is no organization, corporation, or And how great is his joy in the soul that in all.

society will that as repenteth! in the world pay

I for brevity: skip are called to cry repenWherefore, some Then yougreat dividends time, on your your

people. tance unto this

invested, the talents asmeans your and is to the Spirit the given For one by

Church and Kingdom of God."And I Then He adds: word of wisdom; to another the word of

want to bear testimony to you this day, knowledge, by the same Spirit;

if it that labor should so be is you spirit And the of the manifestation But thisbrethren, of truth the of statement.

all in crying your repentance unto days (I to withal. this given every man to profitI feel that for the nothing Lord owes me

it bring, soul people, and unto save be one Corinthians 12:4-8)

is the inwhat done I have Church. He shall great joy me, with be your him how

the best Paymaster I know anything in the kingdom of my Father! (D. & C. 18: The Lord has not left any without

about. 1015) (Concluded on page 366)

amtthL Sam Brannan By PAUL BAILEY

Part IX aSSiiaSip

7VFTER Samuel Brannan's dramatic f-\ pronouncement of the discovery * -*-of gold, the fever for riches approached a frenzy that spread far beyond California's borders. Soldiers

deserted their posts; sailors left their

ships to rot in the bay; San Francisco

became a dead city. Immigrants, bound

for Oregon, turned away at Fort Hall and raced madly for the gold camps across the Sierras. Sutter's empire was

tattered and bruised. The thoughtless

hordes moved in, turned the crystalclear streams to muddy red with spades and picks. And this was scarcely a

taste of what other years would yield.

California Mormons—both Battalion

members and those from Brannan's

New York group—were enviably situated to profit from the strike. From

chance discovery by two of the Battalionfinds—theboys camefamousone"Mormonof the richestIsland"of allin

the American River. Those other

brethren, still bound to Sutter by employment contract, utilized their odd --From Soule's "Annals of San Francisco"in to garnerhours considerable wealth to over livered of the money EXECUTION COMMITTEE FIRST VIGILANCE any 1 part gold.raw the San Francisco Nor did the Church. his and Brannan June 1851, Samuel 9, On neglectSaints to stake opportunity declared war striking inVigilance Committee contrast In to Brannan's organized newly

ravaged San had repeatedly of outlaws who the first claims gravel on thesome on the is lust satiable for wealth, the example the of victim the first was Francisco. John Jenkins California's streams.bars of Even hanging, the toset preface to of majority Battalion the a As populace. by the aroused

lay liberty of lover every "Let a tour shouted Brannanday of the Mother Lode country hectic during that brethren summer. a scaffold was chosen hastily rope."The the No holdreveals geographical names many Plaza. the could ever on have set of men been more Adobe"of the "Old beam

quaintly reminiscent of the day when favorably situated to gain from the gold the scene: on MorwereMormons strike. first spot. the were They on beevery day scenes the "amidst now Gulch, Bar (Mercedmon Mormonfirst free locaof the choice best had They bringabsorbing, more and more IslandYosemite highway), Mormon in. tions before the crowds swept in passions strongest front the the to To cominging of present near (American River town in have California remained another call of what the at nature,... man'sFolsom). year might guaranteed them have of devotees these duty, deemed they

Exercising his proprietary rights, wealth. But the call now had come their religion unhesitatingly laid down

Sutter demanded a flat commission of from President Young. They were to their wealthwinning implements, turned

fifty percent in diggings. their Salt on all Later he take burdens Lake up world all the Valtheir on what back

itcut ley. onethird. to a hearts plight their In the to modest were end They hot with ready just making then was

literally himself found of Zion.he building to off his the task ousted and brawn to grasp strength mustered haste and

own land. With the only store in the In the moment, as true Saints, they forat, and struggle for, and marched

their duties got Valley,Sacramento promises not and Brannan Samuel toils and dangers to through new to meet8 sigh harvestreaped a golden they the exGod. a brave from laid down With in the desert."brethren their exiled

orbitant prices for pans, impletheir picks abandoned he charged and and manifested the Brooklyn Had their provisions. diggings richments to the Charles Smith's greedy and they faith ones. the same and integrity—couldSaints their theshare of enterprise purchased earnings they purchased was With the from in time themselves freed have

by Brannan for fifty thousand dollars, provisions for themselves and the destimisguided counsel of Samuel Brannan

S. tute to souls outand Brannan the name changed have might they greater much

cattle, in horses, wastedand Company. and was No time the of and that their beyond.seeds—andThey cannonbought—howenriched own lives

opening other stores in the gold camps for the defense of Zion. They held religion in the name of which they had

of Coloma and Natoma. In the Sacrarendezvous at a spot called Pleasant come to California in the first place!

mento store alone, receipts were soon Valley, near the present city of Placerfive dollars ville.averaging their 4, day. thousand 1848, a cannon July On three these of to men journey Zion '"Phe

soul. at their Brannan's salute to great gnawingGreed noisy was a

4: hardship. Crossing fraught with

still California. decomaintained an unctuous to farewell aHe boomednation—and east, to with Sierras west the from brethren, the exandrum among going home. was were They and heavily loaded seventeen wagons his jealoustremely their as of standing historian Bancroft, said "Thus,"tested task stock, a of which droves wasleader, the but unmistakable were now and of letter endurance the stamina and iSee man see FortyNiner, 48; First Scherer, p. Itsigns his spiritual disintegration. of in Salt Lake the to Presidency Ferguson from James lessened cut they beast. roads The new 1848. 1, is City, date April of under History, tithsaid Journal received, he and demanded,

toil for greatly immigrant the an grew others that complains many Brannan and Ferguson alling from Mormon the poor rich Co., Mormons while Brannan earnings—though from &

there is no record of his having dewho contributed were "bereft and trodden down."Bancroft's History of California, VI, p. 49

vnxAmmuLw, Early California

in years to come. Three of the brethren, wheeled vehicle. They had arrived highways; (2) the conquest of northern

blazing trail ahead of the main body, June 5, 1848. From their glowing acMexico; (3) the discovery of gold in

the fertile valley the beneath counts of California; brutally savages irrigathe and were ambushed adoption of by (4)

8 Sierra their the begintion murdered. mutisouthern spot came farming Madres where people."The AngloSaxon by

lated bodies were found, buried under ning of the San Bernardino colony of In each of these varied phases the Bat- a thin layer of dirt, was named by their the Church. talion played a worthy part.

sorrowing brothers "Tragedy Spring,"Their roadbuilding efforts are sub- a name which it bears today. Duties to '"Phe importance of the Mormon Batstantiated by history and backed by

these dead performed, the men pushed talion as a motivating force in government and military documents in on. With drudging toil they fought at moulding American greatness can Washington. The beneficial results of

the narrow canyons and steep grades scarcely be overestimated. To gain the Mexican War—when injustices to

until the eastern slopes of the Sierras some perspective of this vital movethe conquered nation were ameliorated finally were won. After seemingly ment, one must consider the four great with cash purchase of the territory won

endless weeks of parched deserts, their factors so conducive to stabilization and—raised the United States to a world

dusty wagons thumped their way into growth of both intermountain country power. Discovery of gold was an event

Salt Lake City. On that October day and Pacific slope. B. H. Roberts lists of farreaching magnitude, and a factor

of 1848, their long journey was ended, them thus: "(1) The opening of the for speedy consolidation and development of that rich territory now added to

public domain. The Battalion had ample opportunity to witness firsthand

the irrigation systems practiced for generations by Mexicans of Santa Fe and

TRAGEDY SPRING the valleys of the Rio Grande. MemTREE

bers of Brown's command were in Salt

In June, 1S4S, three Lake Valley when the first plow tore of members the Mormon

Battalion in exploring a itself apart on the sunbaked crust of trail over the Sierra Nethe desert. "What more likely than that vada Mountains were

killed by Indians. Their some of those men who had seen irribodies discovered were

by other of the gation in progress should suggest the members

Battalion, who gave them flooding of the land to prepare it for fitting burial carved and a memorial in the now plowing, as they had seen it conducted famous pine. Considerover the land to convey moisture to the

ably weatherworn, be made out to read: it "Tocan growing vegetation? The probability of

the Memory of Daniel it has a moral certainty."*

Browett, Allen, Ezrah H.

and Henderson Cox, who It takes but cursory examination of was supposed to have the Mormon heritage to see how probeen murdered and buried hy Indians night found and farreaching was the Spanon the influence ishCalifornia June, upon the Morthe... of1848."his Tyler,. in of words mon people. Scores common "Concise the History of

Mormon Battalion,"gives to the Pacific slope found their way into their as names David the provincial Basin idiom of the Great Brawett, Allen, Daniel corral, lasso, ranch ), 'dobe and ( rancho ( adoHenderson Cox.

, savvy ( sabe ), chaps, pinto, can-—Photo courtesy be )

Primary Association yon ( canon ). Making of adobe bricks,

which in their humble way so valiantly have served our people when timber was scarce, had been raised to a useful art among the Mexicans long before the

Battalion marched to California. The

THE GRAVE OF SAM MT. clubhead wheat, introduced to Utah by AT BRANNAN

HOPE CEMETERY, (Continued on page 358)

SAN DIEGO—Paul Bailey photo "Roberts,Hbid., p. The81 Mormon Battalion, p. 77

their own heroic chapter of a nation's Sam Bramian died history imperishably written. penniless at EsconThe eightyone members of the Batbodyd i do, California.lay unburiedHis

talion who in Los Angeles had elected andSan unclaimedDiego receivingin the to remain under arms for an additional vault for over a year.

enlistment of six months had been disOutpity, ofAlexanderfriendship Badand charged from service early in the lam donated the until gravesite, but spring. Twentyfive already of them

forgotten the 1926 in Zion. were beremained Others had grave by marked was

hind to engage in mining or other actionlystake. a J.2x2HarveyredwoodMcvities, but eventually most of them Carthy donated the

made their way to the valley. Those tinyrestingmarkerplace overof Calthe

twentyfive men in the main body had ifornia's first miljourneyed from San Diego to Los Anlionaire.Brannan, Jr.,Samuelalso

geles, thence by way of the old Spanish penniless, was buried trail through Cajon Pass, to Salt Lake alongsideHis grave in is 1932.unCity. Under their pioneering, the trail marked, and was

became a road, and to them goes the donatedciety of by Californiathe Sohonor of hauling through the first Pioneers.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

On The Book Rack IN CROSS Dibble.(parit/iy. CODEX(Charles E. Numancia Printing

House, Mexico City. 1942. 159

WATER SONG SUSSEX ROAD pages. $3.00.)

treatise splendid Dr. E. Charles Willes by Wangsgaard Eva By This Jenkins Margaret By offers fascinating as a search Dibble as the downs, talk of often Sussex was

in treasure. for treasure Her hunt hidden a The the that drenched noonday silver! fogs is of Of bucket my this sections consists the three of of case OH, violet, gold! and blue water's the And in the Cross, glyphs have been whose Codex honeysuckle with sweet hedgerows Of deep bucket the fling I will in instructive clear explained a very and

crowns, hold. it will all that up draw in his the author To book. by manner mignonette. of and lavendar clumps Of easily Spanish, In Professor understood

after hills oceans drew lonely were But is full heavy, bucket a For reader takes year the a through Dibble by place; this to desert her from people light; it Her spirit makes the But of record half of a a Aztec century year and

alien blew breezes these followed, but She carry to is small weight the And history, the including years immediately heather and rainwet of scent may bright. shining is No soul the When of the conquest following preceding and

lace. of the that in heart of empire undreamed water, full of the downs to what oceans crept heart back made Her God the under Spaniards Texcoco Lake by it up, to draw the give. sun could Taught Cortez. it to hold silver hope. of path mountains how her the Returning was Showed the of the sections of Codex Drawings cup. imperative rocky Death fernrimmed are and wide seas a But In this itself the the with book; makes come slope. this arid laid her on we Today it is interesting, surprisingly and search its beauty drink valleys His And Yet, can say this Sussex Road? who be Can himself tears difficulty the reader that with again. the sea it seeks As downs, gone? how Her she has Where it after found the has he once from away refreshes, and it cleanses And far away? althis in pieces places of the proper key men. earth and life to Giving

civilization luring people puzzle of whose a

Oh, a bucket full is heavy DUSTING THE PICTURE FRAMES was in many respects more advanced than light. the full is spirit the Euto that brought Americas by the But Blanchard Janice By

like Balderas brims my bucket heart ropeans. Eduardo And my

bless frames picture and the dust delight. crystalline a With NUTRITION I things, simple strength of The Silver. AppletonCentury (Fern D. Comof strips four within here wood For pages. 165 19411942. York. pany, New

sings. of springtime wealth The. $1.50.) SHADOWS

allimpor- tim'ely treatise on the is a the this holds frame And one I love, This By Julene Cushing nutrition of subject tant street, by this one who world an old And is Silver subject. Miss the gulls the should that, sea three know above on And fingers their stretch shadows

the in Linsupervisor of EconomicsWHEN meet. in Home one room Yet we grass, the of Albuquerque, School, coln High New garden the across their arms drapeAnd back, front dust them I dust them and previous a of author the also and Mexico,

wall, glass), for the cloth damp (A subject, the and Foods same Nuon book pass softly breeze, night the riding onThen frames all these within wooden rather is And as designed a trition. This book fall; its blossoms lilac tree make andThe pass. that never joys Are the subof treatment brief, nontechnical

brings a gentle twilight of hushWhen light, a silver with garden OF THREE jectof youngsuitedandto oldthealike,generalbut itunderstandingmay well beClothing rest, OUR LAD my the in room. school use nest, adapted their of find the comfort birdlingsAnd Scotter By R. H. in the best that to see coming the night—"We areto petals on their close flowersAnd

that is largely need dependent upon welfare he should be physical see noI like to think this quiet peace will come, WEMost handsome lad, or beau ideal, adequate nutrition,"says Miss Silver. She

And fold me in its tranquil purity, With flashing eyes and grade "A"card. attempts to prove that it pays to be well,

When shadows lift their arms to take me If clean his mind and body be, that there is a distinct cash value to buoyant home, Of undreamed happiness he'll taste health—it cuts doctor bills as well as inInto the garden of eternity. We want our son just as he is, creases one's powers of achievement.

So full of health, and strength, and vim; At the end of each chapter are outlined

Mischievous laughter part of him, a number of interesting experiments that

QUIET PORTRAIT A sense of justice to all men. may be undertaken by any boy or girl in

We hope he spends his energy school or in the home to prove the value of

By Miranda Snow Walton In outdoor sports with wind and sun, the truths set forth. The book is well ilhelpful to all lustrated should prove will and skin healthy with tan glow Where his way went kindly gentle, it. will man—he L. study D. shining contentment show. who eyes W. And him those knew who peace; and quiet InA REASONS AMERICAN pray, men, hope and among well we man A

Overstreet. Macmillan (Bonaro silent W. his faith; his life of or play daily from courage workDrew

1943. York. Company, New if will only he strength know we InWe

pages. $1.00.) 45 citadel. this three. towering justice to lad of a sheltering,Became Do

silent, excited about, to get waters, book is a book like deep soul wasHis strong, THIS still serene and pine, six people for has Overstreet in it Mrs. giant like aOr

Amid the storms of life; it stands unscathed talk about the war. A soldier, a young

By wind or rain, upon a stormscarred hill. soldier's wife, a business executive, a wom-

I think that God must love such men as an, a negro soldier, and a writer, all speak these very frankly concerning their points of

Strong, humble men whose lives show what view. And from all of their thinking aloud,

they are. there comes to the reader the deeprooted

They build a monument in deeds, not words; conviction that peace and equal opportunity

Their faith is like the glowing of a star. must come to the entire world.

The poems were first given on the radio on the "Voice of Freedom"program, and

WARTIME AT THE FARM later were published in P.M.—M. C. J.

By Thelma Ireland CONSTANTINE(Lloyd B. Holzapple.THE SheedGREATand Ward,

C. pages. $3.00.) 475 N. Y. their little first swim took ducksThe life in the interested are Christians ahead. mother duck With ALL

four, the shore of the times from great emperor and son, watched aged whoMy "A convoy,"Sonny said. "-Photograph by W. J. Harvey (Concluded on page 359)

Pineapple By JAMES P. SHARP

had a craving for pineapple for three days and I was just—

'It is pineapple,"she cried out gleefully, for she had opened the can.

We sat down to the table and she said, "You drive a Utah car. By chance

are you a Mormon?"

"I am."Illustrated by to her husband, "We have so Evans, ]r. Then John Henry

much to be thankful for. Why not ask

him to return thanks for all we enjoy

FORTY ROAD, ALONG THE LEFTHAND ANOTHER WENT I and the food we are about to eat?"MILES, ALL THE TIMEI WONDERING THE WORLD WHY IN

HAD TAKEN THAT CAN OF PINEAPPLE, FOR I NEVER ATE IT.

ii 'hat a meal that was! Fried chicken,WHmashed potatoes and gravy, 'A.LA.ND remember this—whenhim about onethirty. He went back hot biscuits, and fresh ranch butter, and

ever you leave the highway be sure to to the house and I to work. then right in the middle of the; table was

carry an extra can of gasoline, a can- a layer cake covered over with thick lizardsteen and of water—even cream at whipped cocoanut! and o'clock back >Y one I was

out there carryhornedtoads them seemed that stone.R As we out to have known ate we and The man came

and a bite of lunch. Good luck and called me to dinner. each other for years and talked freely.

goodbye.""Sorry, but I can't eat with you toHer husband finally said, "Was a-wonThose were my final instructions day,"I answered. dering why you wanted to take up

when I left the office of a large banking That man had been raised on the God's time to thank Him for a meal concern for which I was appraising range. I understood his language, so like this. He knows we are thankful

land. when he began swearing I knew what for such a one. Now if this man had had

I left the hotel at sixthirty one lovely he said about my being too hightoned to eat those crackers and his canned fall morning and drove along what is to eat with common people. When he horse meat he should have told the Lord

listed as an "improved"highway, out stopped for breath, I explained—my he was thankful."

in Nevada. Forty miles I followed this orders forbade me to accept even a Finally that cake was cut and a genuntil it branched. I got out to make meal without paying for it, which I erous portion given each of us, toinquiry about the road from a man in a would gladly do. This time he cursed gether with some of that pineapple in

small store. Then after listening to his any man that made such an order and a side dish. Had I not known the cirdescription of the country from there on anyone that tried to tell him he couldn't cumstances I might have eaten it, but

I decided to fill my canteen, an extra give away as many meals as he pleased. knowing what I did it was no effort for

can of gas I always carried, and to get He didn't believe what I said. me to push it to one side and say,

something for lunch. I got a package of I opened the side door to the car to "Thanks a lot, but why spoil a good

crackers, a can of deviled meat, and get my briefcase with the letter to read meal by having to eat such as this?"

wanted a can of peaches. He had none to him when out rolled that can of pine- "That's what I say,"said the husband

and no pears or tomatoes, but he did apple. Past me it went and on past as he left his untouched.

have one quart can of pineapple which him and right down to the step at the Once I gave a small Indian boy a

I purchased. door where his wife was standing, for stick of candy and watched him slowly

the stick, suck of the end the just take she called end to dinner. had him Both I the lefthand anroad Along went

it, his out it. of at I mouth, his look letter the to smack read watched Then miles, allother forty time the wondering

lips smile as and taste. he said, in letter another him, took that he and "Nothing

I that in taken the can world hadwhy This I lady with the in pineapple can't for says put yours, dinner me swap my it. I pineapple, for ateof never Then him. is of mind surely She there?"enjoying was to directionsaccording took "road"my her pineapple. "It's pineapple,"his a of can wifeoff the high mountains. towards The

I finish it to for outside shouted, went she the up. aphad picked Whenstorekeeper mistake no had made when praising, I it it the "I with rolled man me. by. went know. saw when He this for road, not said of ahe was much changed, seemed for to never trade?"one swear Want little trail. than a moreit was

utter. I did he word "Unsight the asked. unseen?"answered and He

miles Fifteen suddenly questions of this—and the "Unsight and and when work unseen. Whole handle, routine

right of an ideal on topI was I started to the car. gamble,"was all done he replied. ranch no Then

location with a large spring which furSomething seemed to please both, for he said, "Something I can't undernished an independent water right. his wife called out to me, "Better watch stand."He stopped.

I drove right up to the house and him. He's a shrewd horse trader.""About the appraising?"I asked.

stopped on some sloping ground. A "He better watch me—maybe there's "No. You see I was never around

man came out and I told him my busionlv tomatoes in that can,"I replied. religion. Now, my wife says prayers

ness. He said he would get me a horse "Tomatoes?"she echoed and the are heard and answered, and durned if

to ride, but I told him I had to measure smile left her face, as her husband took it don't seem that way. Why, she's been

the land, by stepping it, and had to me to where there was a wash basin, craving pineapple for some days and walk. He began swearing that no white soap, and towel under a small tree. last night she said she was going to ask

man ever walked in that locality. Final- "Married?"he asked. the Lord to send her some—-and here

ly he showed me a quarter cornerstone "Sure. Got three children and one you come. Now just how did it happen

and asked when I would get back. It grandchild,"I replied. that you had that can of pineapple in

was a 320acre piece of land, so I told "Then you will understand. She has your car if you don't like it?"

.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

//i // CITATION WINNERS "NIL

TTS this issue goes to press, the cita-

L\ tion winners have been anin greatest year theL -nounced NISI BONUM"pichistory. with storyin Era The

tures will appear in a later issue of the to print Meanwhile,Era. we wish this By CY LANCE thanks and conreport with our sincere

gratulations to all who so ably participated.

CITATION WINNERS is one of the most constructive it all the in world; encourforces Latin had a saying "A"Group T X HE recipient assures the him and ages nil nisi Transmortuis bonum. De 1. Seattle Stake is right the his course indeed

it lated, the that "Concerning means: Percent First Place, of Quota findispel to helping thus one, any nothing but good."dead, the speak Subscriptions Place, First Total harbored he gering have doubt may this 2. straight sense of Stake good Moapa The

up. builds score. Praise one on that Subscriptions Place, Total Second first strikes at kindly advice one

of Place, Percent is Quota Third there In a restaurant a waitblush. considers quickly and One

3. Portland Stake used ress always manner whose charitable with the wisdom of Place, Percent Quota agrees Second thorshe to puzzle me. was While of the ancients. Subscriptions Place, Total Third efficient her capable, and oughly if to careful should be But we 4. Stake Phoenix

flat and as impressed attitude one of the nothing but speak good Subscriptions Place, Total Fourth

Fourth Place, Percent of Quota dead, how much more fitting it is lacklustre. You felt that she de-

5. Lethbcidge Stake that we do as much for the living tested her work and despised her

Subscriptions Place, Fifth difference Total customers. no It made far greater of our need have who

6. Stake Juarez large or customer the how was who charity.

Fifth Percent Place, of Quota leave, manner her tip might he a in is hurtful criticism Negative 7. Stake Taylor indifferent, almost always seemed it injures something sense; a double Subscriptions Place, Sixth Total

8. San Diego Stake vital in the one criticized, and it rude.

Sixth Place, Percent of Quota is even more harmful to something Sometimes, observing this, I won- 9. East Jordan Stake equally vital in the one who offers dered about it and felt sorry for

Seventh Place, Total Subscriptions the criticism. the girl. One morning I saw her

Stake 10. Union table adjoining writing out an urging her at was woman A certain Seventh Place, Percent of Quota the day's pen menus with and ink. his business in brother to employ

1. California Mission a young man who then worked in "Did you write the menus yesterFirst Place, Total Subscriptions the same place where she was emday?"I asked. Immediately she

Place, Percent of I Second curious. "Yes; write them was closely "I Quota ployed. have worked

2. States Eastern Mission "It day. very every was Why?"for she time now,"with him some First Place, of Percent Quota I said. writing,""I noticed lovely said, heard never him I have "and Place, Subscriptions Total Second

it particularly and wondered who to unfavorable thing any say one

Group "B"other person."did it."

pleaswith She actually beamed job, the young man got The Los Angeles Stake 1 South

I nothing could Apparently bit this the ure. of particular Percent First Place, of Quota and

Second Place, Total Subscriptions lady's recommendation undoubtedhave said would have pleased her 2. Ogden Stake ly played a strong part in her brothmore. She was proud of her fine

First Place, Total Subscriptions er's decision to hire him. penmanship and delighted that

it. little Place, of Sixth Percent Quota noticed someone had That ill of speaks no man The who

Angeles Stake 3. Los praise sincere of bit and unbidden friends, usually has and one many

Place, of Percent Second Quota tip did not generous even a what is his liked well the worker by who Place, Subscriptions Sixth Total atgirl this do. could Whenever feeling associates promotes good 4. Inglewood Stake

Third Place, Total Subscriptions within an organization, and this in tends our table now, she gives the

Third Place, Percent of Quota turn is reflected in the amount and pleasant impression of enjoying it.

5. San Fernando Stake the quality of work produced. Adverse criticism tears down

Fourth Place, Total Subscriptions The advertising of one large confidence, that reserve on which

Place, of Percent Fourth Quota forus striving keep to draw alwe manufacturer has automobile 6. Stake Beach Long is if It adverse doubtful ward. been noteworthy one ways Fifth Place, of Percent Quota criticism good. ever has done any thing: it never Place, Subscriptions Total Tenth runs down—evenfor 7. Wells Stake by implication—the cars of com- "Naught but the good."That

Fifth Place, Total Subscriptions petitors. Instead of saying: "This is the Christian approach to both

8. Snowflake Stake is the best car on the market tolife and business. It is never too

Place, Percent Seventh of Quota find that something to say to all hard good day"—thereby 9. Stake Rexburg anything, cars or almost other about manuanyone are inferior—thisimplying Place, Total Subscriptions Seventh

is this if criticism indicated. unfacturer says: But "We believe 10. Stake Maricopa

Eighth Place, Percent of Quota is the best car we have ever built."less what you have to say is good,

It is sometimes too easy to foror constructive, it is worth a thou- 1. Southern States Mission get that criticism may be construcsand times more to say nothing at

First Place, Subscriptions Total or anything, present all—about Place, Percent Second

nil nisi living or of Quota tiveable asas wellwell asasdestructive,adverse. Praisefavorpast, dead. The States Mission 2. Northern

First Place, Percent of Quota need not be flattery which is sweet bonum of the old Latins is still good

Second Place, Total Subscriptions only to the hopelessly inept. Praise advice today.

Qnthjodwdnq, William Mulder ChAocLodtsL dii&v OF THE

By RICHARD L EVANS Managing Editor

WILLIAM MULDER

Fromof thisthe Churchbeginning,has recognizedthe leadershipthe backrichingonexperiencesan impressivesincevarietyhis birthof enin otherChurchthings,finals inas ana VanguardM.I.A, retoldhe storywon

vital necessity of maintaining Holland, in the city of Haarlem, on June contest. During his mission in the

printed media through which the 24, 1915—the son of converts to the Netherlands—1935 to 1937—he served

Church and all its members could be Church, Albert and Fannie Visser as mission Sunday School supervisor reached and advised and informed conMulder. The year 1920 saw the family and contributed a series of articles to

cerning all things pertaining to the emigrating to America. William was De Ster. In Cambridge he was a SunChurch. The Improvement Era, now in five then, and New Jersey was his home day School teacher and counselor in the

its fortysixth year of publication, is for six years. Another family move branch presidency. In the use of one

one of the means by which a growing brought him to Salt Lake City at the of his talents, he long participated with

Church has kept in touch with a growage of eleven, where his home has since George H. Durham's L.D.S. Male

ing and moving membership. Since been—a home which he has twice left, Chorus. And now, in his home ward,

those days, fortysix years ago, when once for a mission back to his native East Mill Creek, he is again active it was founded by President Grant and Holland and once for attendance at teaching the Gospel Doctrine class and his associates, the Era has seen steady Harvard University. the Sunday School faculty meeting

growth in usefulness and coverage, until His high school days were spent at and ably using the shovel on Welfare now its present eighty thousand circulathe old L.D.S. University in Salt Lake projects. His wife, Gweneth Gates

tion gives to the Church the facilities City during the years 19291931, where Mulder, whom he married in 1938, has of the most widelycirculated periodical he was editor of the Gold and Blue duralso been active wherever they have of its history. ing its closing year of publication. Here gone together. She serves now as pri-

A growing magazine, if it meets its he was also a member of the student mary organist in their ward—as she

trust, must accept increased responsicouncil, and on graduation received served as branch organist in Cambridge.

bilities and offer greater services; its one of the annual Heber J. Grant They have twin boys, Dick and Tim,

staff must grow with it—in number and scholarship awards. The next step in now four years old.

in ability to serve. Once the Era had formal education was the University of In making his way through busy

only one fulltime editor—today its Utah, 1931 to 1933, and 1938 to 1941, years—lean years, many of them—Wilactivities have grown to demand the during the earlier of which years he liam Mulder has engaged in many honservices of several editors and a large served as associate editor of the orable tasks from the selling of papers

supporting staff—nearly thirty fulltime Chronicle, student newspaper, and of and bootblacking to university instructand parttime employees. the Utonian, campus yearbook. Duror, metal lathe operator, editorial workThe latest appointment to the staif ing the later period he was a teaching er, and many others. His service with

of editors is that of William Mulder, fellow in the department of English. the Era dates back to September, 1938,

announced Wednesday, May 12, 1943, Graduation with high honors came in interrupted by the Harvard sojourn.

by George Q. Morris, general manager, 1940, with election to two honorary His name has already appeared in the

and Lucy G. Cannon, associate manscholastic fraternities, Phi Kappa Phi Era under signed articles and editorials,

ager, with the approval of the First and Phi Beta Kappa. Graduate work at and the acquaintance of Era readers

Presidency. the University of Utah was followed with him and his work will grow in

There are some things about William by further work at the Harvard Graduinterest and appreciation. Contributors

Mulder that Era readers should know ate School of Arts and Sciences during and readers will find him both profesboth because of his personal worth and part of the 194142 academic year—but sional and human, fair and to the point,

his official capacity. First of all, he is war intervened and disrupted the Harwith the eversaving grace of a sense of

a young man of endowed gifts and faith. vard curriculum and the Mulder plans. humor.

He is a young man of practical judgIn Church fields, William Mulder With his appointment, the Era staff ment and broad academic training. He has been active wherever he has gone. of editors and officers is as follows:

is also a young man who has made his To name all his auxiliary and PriestPresident Heber J. Grant and Dr. John

own way with intelligent determination. hood callings and services would be to A. Widtsoe, editors; Richard L. Evans,

At twentyseven he can already look lengthen out a long list—but among (Concluded on page 351)

Sunday School General Temple Was announced April 30, byBoardmmuchmiMSonAppointed the First Presidency. He succeeds Joseph Quinney, Jr., recently appointed

P\r. Milton Bennion, general superpresident of the Canadian Mission.

intendent the of Deseret Sunday as Christiansen President served the has announcedSchool Union reprincipal the of then a Kelsey Academy, tention the of of thirtytwo members in at Texas, Kelsey, school Church nine of addition the board,general and in of the 192425, spring 1937 and was members.new called the preside to over MisTexas

Members reappointed to the general sion, serving in this capacity until 1941, board are as follows: when he returned to join the faculty of

George R. Hill, Jr., first assistant general the Logan senior high school seminary.

superintendent; A. H. Reiser, second asIn 1941, he was also sustained as first

sistant general superintendent; Wendell }. DAVID A. SMITH JOSEPH QUINNEY, JR. counselor in the Cache Stake presiAshton, general secretary; Wallace F. Bendency.

nett, general treasurer; Dr. Adam S. BenCanadian Mission Lewis R. Anderson, former president

nion, F. Archibald Bennion, BenPresident M. Lynn Named the Stake, of apSanpete South was

nett, Berrett, Christen- E. William Joseph the president of Manti the pointed Tempresident of Jr., Quinney, Gerrit B. Colton,son, Joseph de Jong, HowDon

ple, First the April Presidency. 30, by presiappointed Temple, was Logan F. Driggs, F. Eyring, Carlard R. Marie

Felt, Earl J. Glade, Gordon B. Hinckley, dent of the Canadian Mission by the He succeeds President Robert D.

George A. Holt, Reuben D. Law, A. WilFirst Presidency on April 19. He sucYoung, who has served in the position

liam Lund, Thomas L. Martin, Llewellyn ceeds President David A. Smith, who since 1933.

William MarionMcKay, M. McKay, President has been Anderson an acsince the mission presided over G. has

S. K.Merkley, Nicholes, RichJoseph Lynn tive temple of over a period worker 1938. August,ards, K. Edith Antoine Ryberg, Romney, years, the of chairman program and was a President missionary Quinney was Sperry, and Waters, G. HolmanLucy J.

for the committee Temple's Manti in for beginning. to. four years. SamoaInez Witbeck.

1895. In 1916 he accepted a special asgolden jubilee celebration, held in 1939.

New members of the general board: signment to Russia in the interest of the President Anderson's father, Lewis

Lorna Call, Marian Cornwall, H. Aldous sugar industry, and in 1923 began a Anderson, was president of the Manti

Dixon, Margaret Ipson, Nellie H. Kuhn, fouryear presidency over the CanadiTemple from 1906 to 1933, as well as a

Petersen, E.Leiand H. Monson, Mark presiIn Mission. 1934 an he became former president of the South Sanpete

Schreiner, Phyllis D.Alexander Shaw, the States of A. dent Northwestern MisStake. Miller.Parley Bates, P. and William

still sion, in mission while 1937, and president, was appointed to preside Primary Stresses "..... What He Would over the Logan Temple. Summer Work

Have Us Do"Sister Ida T. Quinney will accomHPhe importance of continuing the Pri-

A to President Toronto, pany Quinney Association throughout mary work gesture has memorialized unusualAn the preside she will where over is womthe sent to seen in a message summer** the D. Mason, of Byron name en's activities the mission. of all stake presidents, Primary and ward

young Latterday Saint from Ririe, Idaby the general presidency. It reads in

ho, who was on board the U. S. S. Washington Chapel part:

at Victory destroyed she MusicalesArizona was when is It this to mission not only our summer laconic the FollowingPearl Harbor. for children, care patriotic our but are our being duty. musicales held \7ictory now

in action,"Byron'sreport "Missing v in reporting Hoover, alarming Edgar an J. each and Wednesday, Monday, Eleanorparents, and Arm- H. Joseph juvenile in increase delinquency crime and until nights eight nine from Saturday

as his is that received backstrong the thing pay resays Mason, need today a we in o'clock, the Washington, D. C, turn life the to it oldfashioned of so method have good from and maderadioman chapel, direction under Sterthe of D. far the as the church are conand home rethe contributionhis toward pledged ling chapel organist. Wheelwright, cerned. Ririe. in chapelcently completed ward

is the music programs deon The is that have he would what know"We Plan Canning inspire, signed to refresh, Home Now encourand furlast his explain, for theyus do,"on defense age workers. General Welfare Church ComHThe said, conhad Elder home,lough Mason "* that mittee care not advised only has being building then thecerning new Logan, Manti Temple in selecting a be used growing and is as as soon payplanned, "Just my Presidents Called garden, also that but canning and I will to you. the send moneyadvanced,

of El L. Christianppointment Ray bottling for A supplies so arranged be now I assessment. to want payMother, my *"sen, president former prethat the of the crops properly be Texas may having the as done record on namemy Mission, as of president for the winter. next served Logan building at least ourthat toward much

...—perhaps later I can send more.

Byron, onetime welterweight boxing CHURCH SERVICES IN NEW GUINEA champion of Idaho, enlisted in November, 1940, and following graduation Chaplain Reed G. Probst

from radio school in May 1941, served andSaint a soldiersgroup ofbelieveLatterdaythat first held the have they underfor a time on the West Virginia the meetings on Mormon LatBennion, SharpCaptain Mervyn of island AlGuinea. New

terday Saint, also lost at Pearl Harbor. though no missionary work

Brother and Sister Mason have four hasnatives,been servicedone amongmen havethe sons and three daughters remaining, one beenings, invitedand severalto theirhavemeetre- son a top sergeant in the signal corps, quested baptism.

another a member of the coast guard. in Newthe GuineaMalay isarchipelagoan island

—From a report by Edith Lovell north of Australia.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

May Green Hinckley Passes Smyth,ton, Utah.Salt Lake City; Lloyd E. Dahl, LayITay Green Hinckley, general presiNorthwestern: John Grant Burke, So.

dent of the Primary Association Laguana, California; Lisle Francis AshCrofts, Orderton, City; Salt M. Lake John in Salt 14, 1939, diedsince December

LoEverton, Utah; Knowles Naomi illville, following City, a briefLake May 2, Garner, Rexburg, gan, Utah; Morgan Kay

ness. Utah; H. Idaho; C. Gibby, Roy, Evard

Born May 1, 1885, she came from Lavern Reynolds, Luna, New Mexico; NorherUtah—andnative Englanda lifetimeasofa Churchyoung girlactivito manRichardAngusAllen,Funk,Jr., Smithfield,Smithfield, Utah;Utah; LillianArlin

ty. She was active in ward Sunday Mae White, Cleveland, Utah.

Schools and Mutuals before filling a Southern States: Don M. Willis, CaliSalt ente, Stanley Lynn Nevada; Newman, 1907States in Central to themission

Utah; Moroni, City; Kale Jensen, Mont the Lake president of she09. Later became City: Salt Eckersley, Dastrup Maurel Lake

Granite Stake M.I.A. and instituted Warren Murphy Crane, Salina, Utah;

the Gleaner Girl program which was James Herbert Prince, Price, Utah; EHiot

later adopted throughout the Church. C. Randall, Centerville, Utah; Verden MilIn 1936, she accompanied her huston Boman, Lewiston, Utah; Wayne Wilcox

band, Elder Bryant S. Hinckley, whom Hymas, Ovid, Idaho; Mignon England,

she married in 1932, to Chicago, where Tooele, Utah; Phil Buchanan, Richfield,

Utah; Orangeville, Utah; Wilford Cox, States over the Northernthey presided Lorin Utah. Riverton, Myers,J. LaVar

Relief over the she presidingMission, Delbert E. Roach, Spanish'American:

Society and Y.W.M.I.A. of that misMAY GREEN HINCKLEY Park City, Utah; Harold J. Griffin, Rexsion. They were released in 1939. burg, Idaho; Reynold K. Watkins, Salt

City; Lake Newton, Neal Benson, Emory

Sylvester Glen Idaho; Lewisville, Utah; B. Corbett, Otis Mont.; Chateau,

City.Missionaries Released in March, ter,Smith, Salt Lake Stowell, Idaho; David Rexburg, William

Poulson, Manti. Robert Lee Hawaiian: Not1943, and Others Boise, Idaho; Barraclough, Armstrong John

Utah. Idaho. Snedaker, Richard Thornton, ReportedPreviously Max Pearse WheelEngland: Worth New Prince Provo; Texas: Redd, DarJames RichWaters, Squire Dale California: wright, Ogden. Huntsville, win Utah; Junior George McKay, Salt Smart,field, Torgerson, Martha Utah; Ruth Central: Thomas Max North Hellewell, Idaho; Heyburn, Edward Wayne Nielsen, L. Monroe, Randall City; Idaho. Preston,Lake Clement, Idaho; Rigby, Erastus Norton

Phyllis LatiUtah; Hasler, Merling California: Midway,Utah; Northern Hugh Ruby Clifford Carter, Idaho; Heyburn, Thomas Utah; Logan, City. Harmon Salt Amussen, mer, J. LakeLuana Scott Hendricks, Lewiston, Utah; Edward

L. Utah; Corinne, States: AnCampbell, Rudger Denny Northern M. McArthur, Fairfield, Idaho; Packham, Deane LeRoy Idaho; Bennion, Cleveland, Hull John Marcusdreasen, St. George, Utah; Gordon Utah. Hunt, Pehrson Murray,

Basin, Parkin, Samuel Darvel Utah; C. Ogden,Orton, North Wash.; Spokane, Wayne Barnes, States: Idaho Darwin Western Salt Rowell, Utah; Smithfield, Utah; Powell,Spring, Upton, John C. Walter Wyo.; Falls; Buttars, Cornish, Chester Utah;

Idaho; HyQuist, Joseph Arco, City.Lake Arthur W. Sharp, J.Preston, Idaho; E. G. Martha John ZollAl- Chester Lawrence Central: City; Seters, Salt Ross Lake East rum Van Wellsville, Utah; Turpin, Sharp, R. Donald Allen Davis Utah;inger, Providence, Nielsen, Utah; James bert James Hyrum, Shelley, Blackfoot, Idaho; Sayer, Max W. Idaho; Reese Mower, Carey,Wilde, Ted Idaho.

Rexburg. Cook,Fairview, Utah; T. Blair Kilburn Duel Wilson, Qanadian Western Utah; Tooele, LawBryan,Idaho; E. Avon Utah.:

LeCity; Salt Lake Angerbauer,rence G. of Books Panguitch, V. A Mile Paul Utah; Huntington, Tuft,land H. Bishops, Presiding

Idaho. Cleveland,Adams, co- B. office Brown, of Hugh HPhe Elders Sustained son. Dixon, Schaerrer Pay Paul Central: in Saints Latterday of ordinator Los Jacobsen, ArthurUtah; Dwaine np'ABiONA Stake, Duchesne Olaus Ward, the 25,000 that estimates service, the AriSafford, Booth, Burl FrankAngeles; * succeeds Johnson Johnson. J. Lamar of pocketsize of the copies MorBook Salt Lake Leyshon,zona; William Edward Stake, Nibley R. Joseph Ward, Hyrum

City; LaVar Frederick Reese, Salt Lake mon and the 25,000 copies of the handEliason succeeds Byron Snow.

City; Thurn James Baker, Ogden. book, Principles of the Gospel, now bePacheco Ward, Juarez Stake, Melvin I.

Eastern: Joseph Capson Woodbury, ing printed and distributed to L.D.S. Turley succeeds Marion L. Wilson.

Salt Lake City; Thomas Verd Murdock, service men, when packaged, ready for Garcia Dependent Branch, Juarez Stake,

Jenks, Charles Utah; City, OrvinHeber Kartchner has sustained been to H. Howard other, the stacked atop mailing one and Gooding, Hulet, Kathleen Idaho;Rupert, the preside over branch formerwhich was less mile and than not one reach City; would Salt Christensen, LakeIdaho; Rachel ly a ward.

pile feet towwhich would 430 Idaho; Cleveland, Nelson,Gilbert high—a Hyrum Thistle Branch, Stake, T. Kolob McKean

is a far er which Boulder above Dam, Albert Falk, Holt Ogden; Lane sustainedDeWayne as acting president to succeed

Compton, Ogden; Vaughn Maynard Hunmere 762 feet high. John I. Hayes, deceased.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIEJLD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

Arrived April 12, 1943—Departed April 17, 1943 William Mulder

Betts, Phileon P. Jean to right: Left William McRae, B. Robinson. Don 8. Colton (Home director) Orlin (Concluded from page 349) Bair, Enos. Clark, Joseph Gloria E. G. and Henry G. Calvin,

managing editor; Marba C. Josephson,

associate editor; William Mulder, associate editor; George Q. Morris, general manager; Lucy G. Cannon, associate manager; and John K. Orton, business manager.

And so a young man of faith and promise and demonstrated good works has come officially into our pages. That

he may be richly blessed in his work is the wish of his associates, and we know that we may also speak the good wishes of our readers and subscribers for William Mulder, associate editor.

fcdil&ik table things about misdirected leadership—that

not alone do the leaders pay the penalties of their follies, but likewise the followers, of which current history offers altogether too many tragic exCL&ADXJuaisL dii&i. amples.

HP/ie Improvement Era welcomes William Mulder To mislead men either in mind or in spirit is as to the position of associate editor. serious an offense as abusing them physically, even

though it is not as easy to apprehend nor as quick

Brother Mulder is a loyal and consistent Latterto arouse resentment, nor as definitely punishable literary expression field of in Saint, gifted the day it is offense of a grievous the laws by men—yet for the is trained well unusually and judgment. He or not against go unnoticed man and God and will

work which will rest upon him in his new position. unrequited. And all this we should remember

As a member of the Era editorial staff for a number we who read and listen, and we who write and years, for his fitness of to help been tested he has of public opinion is a solthe molding speak—for increasingly to its readers. acceptable the Era make L. E. and sacred emn trust. R.

The need of another associate editor indicates the growth of the magazine, with a circulation this monthtinuing—dueof eightyto thousandthe wise supervisioncopies.The ofgrowthSuperintenis con- (huujosuv io tfimfii&wtL

dent George Q. Morris of the Y.M.M.I.A., and 'T'he course of events which our generation has

President Lucy G. Cannon of the Y.W.M.I.A., and witnessed has brought to the thoughts and to

their enthusiastic representatives in wards and the lips of many this accusing question: "Why

stakes, who give their time and strength to the would an omnipotent and allwise and just and upbuilding of the magazine. merciful God permit such things to happen?"Failtheir to find brings that to peace ing the answer every congratulations Brother Mulder, and To lose in increasing hearts, numbers, troubled men, wish. the he find joy in making good much May in cry faith understanding, out and hope and and for building a the latterday Era means kingdom

against find themthey God. But who of the supbitterness of Era large body God on earth! To that this question reminded be selves asking should porters, contributors, gratecirculation agents, and

the of practice the the nor purpose is neither ful A. W. it If there good. appreciation.—/. to force to be Creator men He did

would be no reward for being good, and no develPublic OpinhtL opment would come therefrom.

One of the first principles of the plan of life is

XK7e hear much these days, as we always have, the free agency of man—the right of choice. It

concerning the shaping of public opinion. was so in the heavens before time began and shall

Always a vital concern to men who live together, continue to be so worlds without end. The souls

public opinion has become yet more so with the of men are stifled when they are made to live acextension of mass communication, as the spoken cording to someone else's pattern, or forced into word has been added to the printed page in its someone else's mold. That is why, in His wisdom,

appeals to the millions. Abraham Lincoln once God does not minutely regulate every detail of our

said: "He who molds public sentiment goes deeper lives, any more than our earthly parents dictate

than he who enacts statutes or pronounces decieverything we shall do. They teach us what we

sions."And what was true in his day is true with ought to do, in spite of which, in the headstrong

increased intensity in ours, with our farreaching use of our own freedom and in the exercise of our facilities for communication, and with the everown will, we still manage to get ourselves into a widening control of the sources of information in good deal of trouble.

so much of the world. And so the Father of all men gives us commandThe difficulty arises in the fact that the ability ments, principles, rules of life, which, if observed,

to influence public opinion is not always accompanwill lead us to our highest possibilities, and, so far ied by a like degree of integrity or honesty or honas the Creator is concerned, it is given unto each orable motive. A man may be a spellbinder and man to determine to what extent he will live by

a scalawag at the same time. He may wield these rules. That these fundamentals have been

great influence without regard to his morals or his largely ignored, the events of our day eloquently ethics or his purposes. A silvertongued orator testify; but the fault cannot be charged to'the Lord

may use his gift either for good or questionable our Creator. The difficulties are of our own makends. Eloquence is not always the companion of ing, collectively, and individually. How long the

truth. Persuasive leaders have often been able present trend of events will be permitted to conto misdirect the sentiments and the actions of foltinue, no man knows, but of this we may be sure:

lowers more honest but less discriminating than The innocent who suffer with the guilty will not they. The first recorded occurrence that we have be forgotten; the Lord God is able, in His own time,

of such misguidance comes down to us from the to overrule all things for good; and each man will

account of things before time began when Lucifer, be dealt with according to the use he has made of a brilliant personality, waged war in heaven and his freedom of choice. In the meantime, the rightmisled a third of the hosts thereof to their own eous need never fear, for "the judgments of the Aldownfall and to his. And that is one of the regretmighty are righteous altogether."R. L. E.

direct simplicity of the Lord's prayer should be kept in mind.

feel free hearts should to the to open our While we things in theEvidences and Lord, yet prayer sought should be necessary to our welfare, as explained by President Joseph F.reconciliations Smith:

My brethren and sisters, let us remember and call uponJbcviL. U)hi SPwuhL Jamili God and implore his blessings and his favor upon us. Let

us do it, nevertheless, in wisdom and in righteousness, and (p/iajyjiMu &sl di&hdL? when we pray we should call upon him in a consistent and

reasonable way. We should not ask the Lord for that which

IITan's needs are many. He has little, if any, power of is unnecessary or which would not be beneficial to us. We"* himself to supply them. Therefore, he turns to should ask for that which we need, and we should ask in

faith, for "nothing wavering, that he wavereth,"the as do, help. for properly the necessary can This heGod

said, "is like apostle the sea, of the driven the wave by windfor limited earth with the placed Lord, on man who has that tossed. let not shall and that think For receive he man

chilassist to Himself His declared haspowers, ready of the anything for Lord."of But blessask when we God

dren. He has given them the privilege to address Diings let us ask in the faith of the gospel, in that faith that he

vinity, with the assurance of being heard. Indeed, He has promised to give to those who believe in him and obey

has requested them to approach Him in prayer for his commandments. (Gospel Doctrine, 1939 Edition, p. 218)

guidance in solving life's problems.

Prayer is really the beginning of wisdom. By prayer, Every prayer is heard, and every sincere prayer is

communion between man and God is established and answered. They who pray should be content to await

maintained. It brings man and his Maker into close asthe answer at the time and in the manner comporting

sociation. Earnest, sincere prayer places man in tune with God's wisdom. He knows what is for our good

with heaven and with the Beings who dwell therein. and bestows His blessings accordingly. The testimony

The knowledge and power thus gained from the unseen of untold millions that their prayers have been heard is world are very real. Brigham Young said: a convincing testimony that God hears and answers

prayer.

If will us; if him, to to near near seek he draw we we draw is unless not complete for gratitude blessings A prayer if find faithfully shall early, him; minds our applyhim we we

is It is received expressed. of the by the power Lord to the day, diligendy understand mind andand day by know

and will of God, it is as easy as, yes, I will say easier than, it that we "live and move and have our being."This

is to know the minds of each other, for to know and undershould be frankly stated gratefully as we pray to our stand ourselves and our own being is to know and understand Father in heaven.

his and being. {Discourses of Brigham Young, 1941God Private prayer has us, enjoined been but upon we Edition, p. 42) are to in as families also commanded pray public and

Prayer may be offered concerning all righteous actimeetings. A united prayer, one in which many join,

greater with comes strength and power before the Lord. vities. with phase of every is concerned The Lord

there "In union is strength."In of material or spiritual. the wordshuman welfare,

the Prophet Joseph Smith: The family is the ultimate unit of the organized

Church. It represents the patriarchal order, which is the

We would say to the brethren, seek to know God in your order of heaven. All members of this unit should be

closets, call upon him in the fields. Follow the directions of conscious of the family needs, and should regularly and

families, over, for of the pray and and your Mormon, Book unitedly petition the for blessings. His Lord Unless

cattle, flocks, corn, things herds, your your your your and all is this ties done, family are weakened, the blessings and all of blessing the possess; that ask your you upon God of the withheld. be Lord happier understanding may A in. labors, that the everything (Teachings and engage you of

Prophet Joseph Smith, p. 247) prevails among families who pray together. Therefore,

every effort should be made to engage the family reguSuch prayers may be offered at any time, on bended larly in prayer.

knees in the closet or family circle, or when walking, Family prayers also become a training school for the driving, or working, in public or in private. One should younger members of the family. They acquire the habit

do all that he does in the spirit of prayer. of prayer, which usually remains with them throughout

life. They are taught how to pray as they listen to

for the Saints other Latterday not any I do know way their elders. given are practice prayer, in vocal They

to for for prayer to than breath guide be virtually every a God others, before as are their they asked in to take turn his will suffer that people, direct us to never and he and prayer. Children have been brought who under the up I satisfied will to us. that anything be possess an injury am

that this should be the feeling of every Latterday Saint in influence of family prayer, remain stauncher in their the world. If you are making a bargain, if you are talking faith, live more conscientious lives, and look back gratein the house, visiting in the social party, going forth in the fully upon the family prayers of their childhoods. Pardance, every breath should virtually be a prayer that God ents who do not have family prayers make sad mistakes.

the effects will of sin. (Dissin and preserve from us from

It is not wise of the family for one member to be Edition, 1941 courses Young, p. 43) of Brigham

in voice constantly. prayer It is better for all members

The sacred importance of prayer demands, however, of the family to take their turns in praying. The short

that certain periods for prayer be set aside regularly, prayer of the lisping child is transmuted by heavenly daily, when all distracting elements are absent. When forces into a petition of power, dealing with all the

the set time comes, prayers should be offered. They needs of the family. It is selfish for any one member of

are more important than the trivial duties that often the family to deprive others of the privilege of partitake us away from the altar of prayer. cipating in family prayer.

Prayer should be direct and simple as if spoken to our Regularity is necessary to make family prayers efearthly father. Routine forms of prayer should be fective. There should be at least one daily family

avoided. The words spoken are less important than prayer; two are better. When labor and other condithe humble faith in which they are uttered. "Prayer is tions permit, there should be a morning and an evening

the soul's sincere desire, uttered or unexpressed."It is prayer. In many families, terms of employment are such

the spirit of prayer that gives life to our desires. The that all the family cannot (Concluded on page 383)

.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

development near the surface of the soil. Plants with shallow root systems

By Robert H. Dairies will not stand dry periods nearly so well

plants of the as rooted more deeply Pathologist Plant Associate the By Josephine B. Nichols variety. dursoaking same Thorough Agricultural Jersey State of New

Experiment Station ing dry periods will be of assistance. Summer time menus and recipes that save

problems gardening nature, local probMexican Bean Beetle Control budget,nutritiousandfood.provide your family with goodWhileare, bymanytheir your time, stretch your food rationing

lems, there are certain considerIn sections where Mexican bean ations that are more or less universal in beetles { a spotted beetle which is larger Breakfast their application. A brief discussion of than but resembles somewhat the comFresh stewed cherries

a few of these phases of gardening will mon ladybird bettle ) are abundant, their Birmingham eggs Crisp bacon be considered in this and succeeding control must be accomplished if one Milk issues of The Improvement Era. expects to raise beans successfully. Lunch

This insect, especially in the larval

Helps from the State Agricultural stage (yellow, spiney appearing, softLeafy greens and egg salad potato Stuffed baked Station Experiment of the the usefulness destroys bodied) Butter bread wheat Whole eating, the leaves undersurfrom by tapioca pudding Vanilla of piece single best the Undoubtedly all faces, portions, succulent green lemonade Mint inthe is that given can be that advice the only leaving browned more woody, is availthat gardening on formation Dinner insect tissue. controlled This can be Experiment Agricultural the at able the spraying dusting the leaves or of by fillet fish Tartar sauce creamed Baked territory be state or in your Station

plant preparation. rotenone with a bean strips green pimento with beans Whole It secured can be used. and secured attention Particular salad garden to given should Victory be or Station Experiment the to writingby Butter rolls "90minute"the surfaces the of of under covering agent. This agricultural countyto your pie strawberry Fresh the spray. dust or with is leaves use for your is and there literature milk Cold

free for the asking. This is your most

dependable source of gardening inBirmingham Eggs formation. Take advantage of it. Slice bread one inch thick and cut one and

Stake Tomatoes aandfryingonehalfpan containinginch hole inhotthebaconcenter.drippings.Place in

will be used Hints Payment for Handy slice in the center of each Break egg an publication. event the In Staking tomatoes economizes space. one dollar upon fry brown; heat over until golden and low

Staked tomatoes may be planted closer that two with the same idea are submitted, then turn and brown the other side. Season

together than unstaked ones. In some the one postmarked earlier will receive the to taste.

states it is advised that staked tomatoes dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

be planted two feet apart in the row but each will receive careful consideration. Leafy Greens and Egg Salad

while unstaked ones are planted four 1 pound spinach feet apart. 34 cup cider vinegar

To press woolens use a piece of wrapping J4 cup oil

Avoid OverPlanting paper. Take a damp cloth and rub over lettuce

it slightly eggs pressing before paper, wetting for procedure many average The lint tomatoes iron. paper not leave with The

all radishes theirgardeners salt several E. be used can and A. willtimes.—Mrs. feet five plant notat one date. pepper P., is toWhyplant Arizona. Tucson,

of row on five different dates instead of * paprika is in dried to the corn ready put When feet long twentyfive 1 other (or spinach of aplanting row pound Cook the three or four times sack, sack sew cool. tender. until Drain, just radishes greens) doing, Comsoall time? at one By

in the Distribute lengthwise. corn evenly vinegar, of cider dressing bine made with for longer enjoyed be their canin prime it sack, the the across end and sew on hang salt, paprika. oil, pepper, of and dash fall spring the and duringperiods clothesline. the the to allows corn This lettuce plate, arrange salad on Mound true holds idea This itmonths. same in is not sooner as a bulk so for dry much alternate garnish with and around mound

air other circulates freely. the cabbage, and corn, peas, and Mrs. morebeans, slices of wedgeeggs and hardcooked

crops. C. E. J., Glendale, Utah. shaped pieces of tomatoes.

pulling avoid excessive combing when To Cultivation hair, rather snarled than long from Baked Cream Fish Fillets comb

Cultivation is chiefly for the purpose the top of the head down, start combing 2 pounds fish fillets (any white fish) of controlling weeds. Cultivate or hoe from the bottom of the hair downward, pro34 teaspoon salt

gressing the part This upward. keeps lower paprika teaspoon 34 especially days, ten orevery week

free hair snarls the the from and comb juice lemon cup 34 just after a of dried has surface thewhen easily. Salt through H., more goes H. M. butter 2 tablespoons as small theyrain, to destroy weeds City, Utah. Lake flour tablespoons 2

cultivate nor deep, too notemerge. Do mustard tablespoon dry reYi will Strong soapsuds water and hot culas vegetables, such the close totoo milk evaporated cup Yz stains that has become move that roots plant the willtivation destroy water cup Yi and A., Altamont, D. fromdark.—Mrs.pewter parsley surface. not discolored 2 the tablespoons chopped near locatedare Do Kansas. buttered crumbs cup to vegetables your 34 the robpermit weeds

of needed water or plant nutrients. To crochet around a cloth or pillow slip Cut fillets into serving pieces. Place in ai

that does not have hemstitching, stitch with greased, shallow baking dish; sprinkle with;

Irrigation the sewing machine back as far as you salt, pepper, paprika, and lemon juice. Make

want to crochet. This will give you an a white sauce of butter, flour, seasonings,

Frequent light sprinkling of the gareven edge and is much easier, for you put milk and water; pour over fillets. Sprinkle

den may do more harm than good since your hook just behind the machine stitchwith crumbs and parsley. Bake at 350 F.

this type'of irrigation encourages root ing.—Mrs. N. B., Ramah, N. M. for 35 minutes.

Tartar Sauce LIFE WITH "MMOR'by &&, the Borden Cow

Yi cup sandwich spread 2 tablespoons prepared horseradish

Combine, and let stand 10 minutes before serving. BETTER HURRY HOMEFresh Strawberry Pie I SEE A FAIR WOMAN

2 boxes strawberries H to Yz cup sugar POURING YOUR BORDEN'S

Wash berries and hull. Sprinkle sugarover and let stand 1 hour. Pour off juice, EVAPORATED MILK INTO

measure.and tablespoon cornstarch Use HER SOUP "as thickening for juice. of cup Fill baked

crust berries.x/2 1 with fresh thickwith Cover

ened, juice and garnish with whipped cream or powdered sugar.

Bride's Pie Crust 1 cup enriched flour ]/$ cup shortening 14 teaspoon salt 1 egg Sift flour; measure; add salt. Cut in

shortening, leaving it in lumps the size of a dime. Beat egg slightly and add to flour

mixture. Roll out on floured board to fit

a 9-inch pie pan; flute edges and prick generously with a fork. Bake in a hot oven

(425) about 10 minutes. When cool fill

with fresh strawberries.

Bible Quiz Answers (Questions will be found on page 329) 1. Pharaoh's birthday at the time when

Joseph, the butler, and the baker were imprisoned (Genesis 40:20); Herod's birthday, which resulted in giving the head of

John the Baptist to his dauqhter. (Matthew

14:6) 2. "He that heareth my word, and believeth on him that sent me, hath everlasting life, and shall not come into condemnation; but is passed from death unto life."

(John 5:24)

3. "The salutation of Paul with mine own

hand, which is the token in every epistle: "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!"

so I write."(II Thessalonians 3:17)

4. When Peter wished to know whatwould happen to John. (John 21:2123) THE L. D. S, BUSINESS COLLEGE offers

5. The gift of the Comforter and His own

personal return. (John 12:1628) 6. After cleansing the temple, "And Jesus SUMMER WARTIME CDURSES

said unto them, Yea; have ye never read,

the of unOut mouth of babes and sucklings 1. For YoungJ Women:.*"**ferred orprivate *j-officer, employment in Government *Tl hast perfectedthou praise?"21: (Matthew

etc. or in the WAACS. WAVES, 16)

7. Of Simon (Peter) and Andrew.

{Mark 1:17) L. t Or IOUng JVleili Short preinduction courses in military office work.

8. Mathias. (Acts 1:23)

9. the to Apostles "as By Christ they branches of

at after meat"resurrection His just and sat Q por Mature Women"officeBe9inninawork. or refresher courses—all

previous to ascension. 16:14His (Mark

16) courses typewriting, only) in pen- (summer 10. John the Revelator. -* 4. For Younger etc., arithmetic. to English, Students: manship,Short help young.

16 years) (12 to qualify later people for important on. work

Migration Legend Call or write for information {Concluded from page 330) Indian nations These from came "Seven L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE aCaves,"place they for had occupied

Tel. 3-2765 Salt Lake City many 70 North Mainyears.

The memory of a place "Seven Caves"was also present in the mytholofogy Yucatan and Guatemala. The This monthtraditions this of area (the Popol... Vuh OEFER WE ) Chilamand migrations Balam mention COMPLETE A Era The Improvement calledfrom a place "Seven Caves."SERVICE ENGRAVING

this Although to located not Portraits have the Largest Missionary From we read in 80,000 will be homes

Catalogueslegendary "place parting,"of the Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given

If there's in it something of a you like, migrationmemory and a homeland

CO. ENGRAVING UTAH pass it on integralformed an

St. Utah part of Central 113 Regent Salt Lake City,

tradition. nativeAmerican

.. )

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 lacking—no a little curiously. Have You Seen Bill? thingSome wasstared one spokeWeto feltus.

feeling not that of heavy of heart—and Another reader speaks for the pleasis not being owned by one's own

friendly hand, the kind word at ant.

Latterday Saint Gatherings. Just as we left the grounds an elderly

gentleman offered his hand and we

Van Anda, P.O., B.C., Can. chatted a few moments. He was a

The Editors: entformerfeeling.bishop, Immediatelyhe said. Whatwe abecamediffer-

A s peruseI sat downthe thisJanuarySabbathnumber,day toI partSomeandmaynot contendstrangers.that the fine servturned to the "Homing"section and ice should have been enough for us, but *ssr read the article entitled "Have You it was not. It is a hearty handclasp, the

Bill?". Seen interest other voice, in each the friendly with made SUGAR planhopeful of.. years seven After one. us that should make pour boiling cups 2 water

I and husband last ning, summer my something be done, Surely, could not cups over 4 sugar odd 1 teaspoon Mapleine and our two little boys made a trip to churchwide, to reawaken the fellowstir and you have... be married in the temple of the Lord. ship members should feel for each

2 pints Mapleine Syrup En route, we passed through a town other?

with a growing Latterday Saint popuAgain, supposing it were an investiwith CORN SYRUP lation. We had previously procured the gator who left without even being

boil lVi cups him hot phoned water bishop's so name, we lost. opportunity golden and noticed. A cups 3 corn syrup chapel. directions to the received reforming in be answer may The for minutes 5 evening we ascended a beautiful auxiliaries, the On in committees sponsible add 1 teaspoon Mapleine which hill entered a chapel and the Relief the or quorums, the Priesthood sfir.. and you have

2 pints Mapleine Syrup could be a pattern for any ward. The Society, or perhaps on all of us being

setting sun shone through stained glass just a little more considerate of the of perhaps congregation on a with gates. might within our stranger SYRUP windows HONEY&CORN We

heat 1 Everything Saints. was cup hot water hundred two conadmonitions our Lord's remember

cup strained Vi honey a and worship air of an orderly and call also strangers Hebrews cerning and cups corn 2Va syrup feel the one cooperation spirit of made full boil. Bring to 13:2 to mind:

1 there add spirit of was the Lord teaspoon strangers: Mapleine to entertain not forgetful Be

stir and you have fine. entertained angels for thereby program was some have The Weindeed.thrilled pints 2 Mapleine.. Syrup in join and by unawares. the hymns, to able to be

ifeJf:'i Jj5'"'Plentyin wartime!ofgoldenrichMake yourssyrup,easily,even thatus totokenbe Mormons.different peopleHowever,near usasknewwe Sincerely,Elda Mason

save money! Three grand ways, left and walked slowly away, some- ( Mrs. L. Mason

with Mapleine. One, America's

favorite for 35 years. And two

recipes wartime -sugarless! Get PIONEER DIARY a bottle ofMapleine from your grocer now!

(Continued from page 335) riage. Bfrigham] engag'd a boy to

I rode with them to father who had a chill. A[lbert] left drive our team &

Point. at CouncilMAPLEINE fath[er] M[orley]'s behind which made late busithe calfIMITATION MAPLE FLAVOR motion'd riding was While & down it for night. ness

Tuesday, August 25. A[lbertj very carried that fath[er] M[orley] move to

headquarter encampment. a the where noon we came to sick—about This br. M[arkham] morfning] a conon commenc'd settlement was

siderable prairie stream. I cannot demanifested a mean jealousy which I

scribe the feelings which occupied my need not describe.

bosom while passing this place; it Thursday, August 27. Rode on horsebr. to Point M[or-

ms. 2 or 3 down jravorite J>torie5 seem'dof the likehousea desolationof Israel; &yettheI wastingalmost backleyj's fromencampment,Council

Israelite if real would stop the crossed any the 27th 1846) (August, we KDn as varied as doubted as rich and the next up day Council at came and br. Missouri place: in Here such a we overtook quarters. at From winter general the with campBluffs,

also again, life after itself I sick Com[pany] taken soon hardship exposure Cumfmings'] was and in chills that fever, terminated a and slow in where sick my I lay fever, as and my wagon, rains, autumnal and someexposed to heavy A whole collection of them as br.rudelyCoon's.constructedSaw a coffin,grave thediggingsides& ofa withbed was

told by President Grant in plank & cover'd with bark, prepared for Itimeswas wetnearnearlyto thefromgate headof death:to foot,but I myrealizedtrust wasthat

internment. Sis[ter] M[arkham] was in God, and his power preserved me. Many were

just able to wait on A[lbert] while I sickfor underaround theus, circumstances.and no one couldAlthough,be properlyas beforecared

drove thro'the day. Encamp'd on Log stated, I was exposed to the heavy rains while in

to yet come. worse wagon, was the last night Br. Mjarkham] Creek. [?] Ljodpet Jiandardd starting out for supcompany, the 28th a On the in and took lodging that before the night required Sister Markham plies, wagon &

the treasury of one man's life wagon he drove. wasI hadbutoccupied;partly chinkedand the andlog mudded,house weleavingmoved largeinto

26. blustering. noon cold then the About for Aug. and crevices Wednesday, wind—

side, roofed one on hut hastily erected was This "Council at celebrated the arriv'd we withal, other, and, the tentcloth Still thrown a with going into new editions is truly that built fire, on presenting scene Bluffs"was which a chimney. minus was Aover

it until bewith filled house smoke the side, one $2.25 the 384 pages to on beautiful. drove wildly Wea partially had Sister unendurable. Markham came

1 feeble. quite illness, wide, is but call'd 8 ms. her was flat from about recovered which

cover'd with a luxuriant growth of wascumstances,not ablenotto atsit all,up formuch,the and,fire underhad tothosebe discir- doors cattle. out of cooking bait done was with. the to grass, While pensed Our & stop'd

chim- a Era publication until when after the of November, middle An Improvement [President] Brigham here stopping imother enclosed, and the house made, was ney St. 50 North Main to apprepared were Father Kimball], which we [C. added, provements Heber Young],

Salt Lake City, Utah Isaac C.J Morley, W.[?], K.[?] & preciate.Eliza R. Snow, quoted in Women of Mormon-

'[orter] Rockwell drove up in a cardom, (Tullidge) pp. 316. 317

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

PIONEER DIARY

the river. Had an opportunity of viewter. I go to my trade—make a p[ai]r experiencing kindness from many of

ing the bank of the stream which in of pants for David. Bish[op] Newel K. my friends, which is indelibly inscrib'd

many places was wash'd out to a conWhit[ney] & Edwin D. Woolley left upon my memory: particularly Cornelia

siderable depth, leaving only the turf for St. Louis on the 1st of Sept [ember] C. Lfeavitt], Sis. Whitney, Sis. Kimwhich seem'd ready to break off & pre-—W. Kim [ball] started for Nauvoo in ball, Sis. Young, Sis. Lott, Sis. Holmes

cipitate in the river whatever should be one week afterwards. Cornelia [Leav- & Sis. Taylor, without whose attentions

so unfortunate as to venture upon it. itt] wrote for me to S[arah] M. Kim- I must have suffer'd much more, as I

The opposite bluffs rudely scallop'd [ball] on business. Sis. Whitney & Sis. was the last in the fam[ily] taken sick

with shrubbery presents a scene that Kim [ball] replied to the last she wrote. 6 nobody able to wait on or administer

might well be call'd wildly beautiful. I was taken sick on the last day of to me as I needed. I cannot recollect

Before we reach'd the ferry we Aug. of a fever, which ran nearly 40 dates, but not long after the commencepass'd a village with perhaps 50 huts days and terminated in the chills & ment of my sickness a heavy rain came

or houses, inhabited by French & Indfever. During this time, while sufferon & the bed where I lay was wet alians], &c. &c, we cross'd & went 4 ing much in body, & lying as it were at most from head to foot, but the Lord

ms. to the cold spring where we found the gate of death, with family discord, preserv'd my life, & while I live I will

sis. Green, br. Cams & quite a comwhich I think proper to call hell, reignspeak of His goodness.

[pany]. ing around me, I had the satisfaction of (To be continued)

Friday, August 28. On our way to

the Camp, we saw before us a com- [pany] of Indfians]. Br. M[arkham]was driving the front team & thinking UTRITI0US

they were holding a council, he turn'd off the road that we might not interrupt ONRATIONED them. They soon made signs for us to It's a delicious, healthful beverage for

return to the road which we did, when every member of the family—drink

they refus'd to let us proceed. They

form'd a circle in our front and commenc'd a war dance, after which theywanted something to eat: Our people MAID-0-BARLEY

contributed crackers, bread, meat, &c, Contains no caffeine, chicory, coloring or preservativesthen might they said go we on—they

to Easy prepare 4 ms., us 3 or some muchaccompanied

to the annoyance of our teams. The

cattle which I was driving became so At All Good Grocers furious thro'fear, that Whiting had to leave his father's wagon, who was sick, & drive for us. When the Ind[ians] Roasted and Packed

met the Com [pany] returning from the by

Camp, who had been up to attend

Council with the brethren, they turn'd Wisdom Foods & left us. We saw more than 200 in 150 Pacific Ave.

all, returning 75 or 80 of were whom several Salt Lake City, Utah Council. of from were They

tribes, to wit: Omahaws, Mohaws,

Ota's.

We arriv'd at the camp 14 ms. from

the Springs, 2 or 3 hours before sunset but instead of joining our old associates anticipated, our locationas was we hill, distant ml. which on an opposite x/2 eaaiiners

was nam'd Hunter's ridge. Here we

of thehave a fine view general Camp IN AMERICA'S KITCHEN presents a curious ofwhich appearance grandeur & rusticity—the tents & Wherever good food is appreciated, you'll find these fawagons being arrang'd so as to form mous Standard Brands Products. They offer the utmost in

hollow circles nearly on the summit of quality and dependability, and they help women is ridge,the side the western of which cattle for cover'd the with yards & togrocersplan givebudgetthemmeals.frontlineNo wonder,display space,then, thatand horses, poles, with round made & at

times teeming with living animals. Saw recommend them wholeheartedly!

sis. Whitney, Sarah [Kimball], sis. *ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS

Lott & Elvira, &c. *ROYAL*ROYALPUDDINGSSALAD GELATIN

BAKING POWDER ROYAL quite Saturday, 29. Margaret August YEAST FLEISCHMANN'S

sick, having the been threaten'd with chills for several days. Sis. M[arkham] 'Order through your jobber

heard by the by that br. Mfarkham] Products of B

recommended for M[argaret] & Standard Brands 0[live] to commence cooking by themIncorporate selves this mor [ning]. Our encampment

receives much addition by wagons coming up. Sis. Hunter with 2 of their

wagons arrive, he remaining at the

Bluffs, all sick. Sister M [arkham] bet357

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

SAM BRANNAN

( Continued from page 345 mercantile enterprises, he soon was esganized the first vigilance committee.

Lieutenant James Pace, proved a sustablished as one of California's richest Outraged citizens under his leadership taining blessing to Utah soil. Daniel men. Astuteness and business acuity commenced their tardy vengeance

Tyler brought back with him the Calienabled him to profit from the tremenagainst lawlessness by hanging the first fornia pea, which in early days became dous flow of population to Pacific culprit from a rafter of the 'old adobe."

the staple field pea of Utah. From shores, and soon he was involved in These hangings did not cease until San

Pueblo, via Brown's command, came scores of enterprises, the profits of Francisco became a safe place for lawtaos, which, crossed with clubhead, which within a few years made him abiding people.

became the seed wheat of Utah's fields. California's first millionaire. With two In 1861, the now wealthy and fashCalifornia's gold had its effect on the other capitalists, he purchased Sutter's ionable Sam Brannan purchased imMormon colonial system both for good vast holdings. He erected numerous mense land holdings in Napa Valley

and evil. But the soldiers'pay which fine buildings in San Francisco and among the natural mudpots and geyCaptain James Brown collected by Sacramento. He established lucrative sers of that region. His plans were to

power of attorney for his detachment ship trade with China, Hawaii, and the establish there a watering place that while on that quarrelsome journey to east coast. His land holdings extended would surpass the American Saratoga

the Pacific with Samuel Brannan, purto southern California and Honolulu. and the great spas of Europe, which he

chased Fort Goodyear and changed And as his wealth increased, his testihad seen and frequented. He named

that site to Ogden City. Truly the mony diminished, until he turned from his venture Calistoga (combined from

Mormon Battalion served greater than the Church a bitter apostate. the words "California"and "Sarait knew. Yet in justice to Brannan's memory, toga"). He pioneered a city, built

track. it a race let hotels, and Lewis said there in existed With be the man

in plight of of the the Church A study Keseberg, illfame, esof he Donner certain true greatness. of a measure California the during period mad tablished distilleries is to process brandy that Pity virtue such exnot was

of the gold rush, and the transition pended in the channels wherein it was the superlative grapes raised in that years following, reveals, as nothing else born. For aside from his betrayal of region. In all, he is said to have squancould, the profound judgment and the Church, and his insatiable pursuit dered over six million dollars on this

breadth of vision shown by Brigham of wealth, he served California well, illstarred project.

in settling in the the exiled SaintsYoung Sutter, must with rank and Marshall. this In the midst of speculative heysheltered valleys of the MounRocky in the Stanford that of and pantheon day, Civil itself the a to dragged Wartains. his followed advice Those who state's ones. great the pioneered finish. He politics, In bloody Brannan was to Zion to turnedand saved were themfirst mail overland from Francisco San violently antislave, Lincoln, supported

selves, to the Church. and Those who

) Battalion ( with riders as the boys sent to and cast to the was Washingtonfollowed as such worldly prophets his energy and asfunds greatly and electoral his state. for the vote During

their or aloof held Brannan, toSamuel first in bringing sisted the railroad west. carnage, American Napoleon had

selfishness, swalown were In the fell—and admittance of California as a the usurped of government and Mexico

is It in oblivion. great thelowed up state to the union, slavery a as with seated the puppet Maximilian emperortrue that Californiaisolated many issue, raised determining indighe an his shortlived throne. on arose JuarezSaints eventually conscience heeded that voice nant state the save helped to deal of vengeance an people outraged Zion, to wilbutand few moved who that curse. built from awful the He this travesty, upon and Brannan pouredfully alienated the themselves from first in Francisco, wharf San more and his into wealth the peoown Mexican theircouncils faithful the retained of single than any labored to man, change ple's revolution against the European theirtestimonies or the zeal cause. for that village chaotic goldrush the to interloper. satisfied purely with Not

it said, fairLet that not be however, 1 In metropolis today. he 853, know we help, monetary California he stumped itself inCalifornia the of and was state as senator. served for recruits, the and Contin- "Brannan blighted.poison President which As gent"the of Foreign Legion Mexican ceaselessly real theYoung expounded,

definite in factor a this brightest in the the was page removing Perhapsdestroyer that motivating of was power unholy specter of life alien an governhis efforts man's was toward lethal force whichworldliness—that sister ment our from republic to the quelling the lawless elements whichgratifies dulls senses the inner those but

promptings through which the spirit during the period of the gold rush had south.

altruistic these Against patriotic and hellsink a of Francisco. made San theguides better destiny of man.

acts of less Brannan those were convict the Sam settlements of From "If to to were go Francisco San we traits noble his eventually which Australia, the proved from borderlands and city it gold, find dig of chunks orand up downfall. careless wealth the of America, With slums came questionable from

inhere valley,"the President Young living. filiving careless of With over, haunts the came world men had

"ittold the Battalion returned boys, nancial reverses, in short which a space thieves, of a murderers, poured stream us. ruin unite towould want Many left of years penniless a drunkard. him into wantons and San Francisco—lured it's Zion; the loveBabylon and In 1849, President written that had Young to "gold."magic of by True word

If that find hurts gold them.money we in to tithing for special their request Brannan type, easier of they found ways

silver, in directly. areand bondage we unrighteously the withheld extracting elusive the the from metal than

talk this going valley of from awayTo letter that In Church. laborious a both of pick promwas pan. method and So

in, is for like anything, are vinegarwe ".. ise. if a warning. critical will and deal situation did the that you become no

to that eyes. love the world They my justly fellows, with out in your or safe deal and unarmed person man was their affections not placedhave upon liberal with heart into property. hands, open and gangs, 6 organized makOncethe Lord."ing all a righteous use of these the boldness vultures of your money, no knew

Samuel Brannan, and the lost Saints limit. Six times they fired the city, and the Lord is willing you should accumuwho followed him, verify the truth of while the flames devoured homes and late the rich treasures of the earth and

this inspired statement. And Samuel buildings, they looted for gain. Within the good things of time in abundance;

Brannan, the fallen leader, has a place a period of a few months, one hundred but should you withhold, when the Lord in our story for this reason. murders were committed, without a says give, your hope and pleasing prosWith money which probably besingle criminal apprehended. Human pects will be blasted in an hour you

longed to the Church, with flow of decency could stand no more. think not of, and no arm can save..."*

funds from his tremendously successful On June 9, 1851, amid the ashes of One wonders if the former millionaire, r'Doc. Hist., 1848, p. 67 his ruined city, Samuel Brannan orJournal- History, April 5, 1849

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

SAM BRANNAN t when reduced to sleeping in back rooms which dissipation and age had stolen him as gall and wormwood. He'd

of saloons, remembered this prophecy. from him. Then happened another of known good; he'd known evil; and time

those quirks of fate which dogged this and misfortune had sharpened his perTThere are a number of strange twists strange man's life. He did not tarry in spective. In that desert village he made

A to the story of Samuel Brannan. In San Diego, but moved to Escondido, a a choice.

1879, in depths of his poverty, he renew village then being promoted. With Now, like a smile from on High, and

membered the supposedly worthless borrowed money he purchased twenty a test to his new convictions—came

bonds he'd taken in exchange for his acres of desert land. While in Escon- a fortynine-thousanddollar payment

Juarez loan. Through the Mexican dido he lived in an attic room, and from Mexico. To his everlasting credit,

minister at Washington he suceeded labored diligently and soberly to make he did not spend this cash to restore in liquidating the bonds in exchange for his tiny venture a success. Something the old life with its morbid trappings

two million acres of Sonora land, and had happened to Sam Brannan. During and dissipation. No part of it was used

a promise of $100,000 in cash. With a his entire Escondido sojourn, he never to build a shelter for himself in his old

token of payment of $25,000, Sam Branwas known to take a drink, and in conage. Instead, he hurried to his beloved

nan was off on another tremendous trast to the gay revels of his earlier life, city of San Francisco. With the money

colonization scheme—this time for he conducted himself with a quiet he paid his debts; he canceled out his

Americans in Mexico. He hurried to dignity as commendable as it was conscience toward man. When the

Guaymas, and there discovered that the strange. money was gone, he returned alone to

stubborn Yaquis were in possession of his attic room in Escondido. There he

that can died, has said set for limit no man his land. Comeone had been A time on May 6, 1889—alone and for-

*** gotten. fruit patents of the gospel's before the ever partake surveying Mexican

were issued. Hopeless delays followed. without thenceforth and forever hunSamuel Brannan died penniless. With

Brannan's store of cash dwindled in the gering for its sweet savor. The perno money either for grave or coffin, his

promotion preliminaries, surveying excentage of neglectful, even apostate, body lay a year in the San Diego repense, and futile attempts to dispossess Latterday Saints who in age turn their ceiving vault, unclaimed. Only by

the Yaquis from the land they'd held thoughts and efforts back to their earlier chance discovery of a friend was Bransince time immemorial. In the end the fount of strength would make an innan accorded a Christian burial at

tinseled bubble burst, and Brannan was teresting and profitable study. CertainMount Hope Cemetery. But for years

left stranded at Guaymas. ly some motive for good was at this only a wood stake marked the grave.

Bancroft tells us that as late as 1885, time making over the Sam Brannan who In 1926, a more suitable marker was

Sam Brannan was still living in Mexico, had rebelled and contemptuously gone provided. It reads: "'SAM'BRANhis alone. looked physically Perhaps he but and finanback wreck way NAN—18191889—CALIFORNIA a sorry7

later cially. longing to the of the with north eyes PIONEER days he journeyed OF '46—DREAMER- A year

to San Diego in search of the health New York Messenger, to the Brooklyn, LEADER—AND EMPIREBUILD-

'Bancroft, Pioneer Register, p. 728. In this sketch to the time when he'd valiantly served ER."of Brannan's life, the author pictures him in later God and man in the service of the A greater marker could and might

life to a Mexican as "remarried woman."This Priesthood. Wealth and adulation he'd have been his. is vigorously a living relacontested statement by

tive of Brannan at Vallejo, California. known. They had turned back upon (To be continued)

ON THE BOOK RACK (Concluded from page 346) notable contribution in this field. The author excellently prepared foods and making a

accepted Christianity and thereby turned has diligently sought out sources and has meal of them.

the Christian church into new channels of analyzed the types of songs of this group If the "destiny of a nation depends upon activity. This readable story of Constanof people. She has divided the songs into what they eat,"as stated by BrillatGavarin,

tine will be welcomed by the general reader the groups: African Survivals on the Coast then, asks the author, "why does our counand by the specialized student of early of Georgia, AfroAmerican Songs, Ringtry eat so unwisely?"Why do we let our

Christian history. The book is written from play, Dance and Fiddle Songs, Remillers rob the wheat of all its goodness

the Roman Catholic point of view, but apligious Songs, and Work Songs. In each and then buy the wheat germ for one thouthese groups, of has the music been its value times our druggists, so transsand from pears to be historically correct.—J. A. W. cribed Churchill Creighton Robert children and by that our be strong and healthy? may AGAINST LOVE HATE small portions of of permit factor MacGimsey. one Or Lyle (Karl Menninger, Jeanetta and M.D. if this It will beginthing a in be natural good from vitamin found grain a little and B Harcourt, Menninger. Brace and Company, ning, will to others gather flour, of iron restored call be encouraged the the to and 1942. Y. $3.50.) pages. 311 N. like it folk other the is songs from and "enriched"? Negro thoughtpro- book The this in psychiatrist analyzes eminent live within the that Indian groups United voking contains and not recipes good some AN condestructive the several of book C. in the ordinary found J. States.—M. cook D. W. book.—L. frustrations ditions the notably the of day,

cure seeks children of a women. and He TO A STORIES COOK FAVORITE WOLF OLD HOW AND NEW faith, in play, for evils hope, these work, F. Fisher. Duell, K. Pearce, Sloan (M. (Selected and Sidonie by Matsner Gruenberg.

is popularly the love. and book Though Inc., pages. York. $2.50.) Illustrated 255 Wiese. Kurt by New Doubleday,

in written, wisely probes deeply he and is is a as food about book which Doran and City, Company, Garden New HERE are deably of causes. His cures search

its 1942. York. as In pages. 372 the these unusual name. $2.50.) days

is notable, fended. chapter hope on The

fill will is for being '"Phis book allaround that forewarned need an warned and particularly a as because hope means -* to nationif conservation it are folk, not pracand for economy includes kinds young seven is often disregarded. behappiness Love ticed, will surely "the at the wolf stories door."of be interested are in they which and cure. reading the culminating The comes author's rhetorical) simple (though The should It about. includes something know

all, this to but helpful of be would book is: solution then, the catch stories wolf all and wellloved Well time: of stories, fairy

full is practical It parents. especially of to

him. the that to are stories, cook good! folk tales animal from lands, much You many A. W. point fact the author that of stories a of makes believe, tales The laughter, suggestions.—/. of make

SLAVE SONGS OF THE the enjoyment of one's food may be as immyths and fables, and Bible stories. An

GEORGIA SEA ISLANDS portant as having meals "balanced."Inadditional reason why the book will prove

(Lydia Parrish. With an introduction by deed, she states that it is not necessary to of great worth is that it includes both new

Olin Downes. Creative Age Press, Inc., have every meal balanced if the day's inand old stories; such new ones as "The

New York. 1942. 256 pages. $3.50.) take of food is right. A further point is Story of Ferdinand"and "The Little RoostAmerica has need to look to folk songs made of the unwisdom of eating so many er"and "The Turkish Sultan"take their

within her border. This book of songs kinds of food and so many courses at each place beside the timetested "The Frog

from the Georgia Sea Island slaves is a meal, instead of having one or two good, Prince"and "Father William."M. C. J.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

SialuL QommiiiosL (P&MiwuxL UfotgaAJL adviceand counseland counselof the thereinChurch isandthe inadvicethat light should these addresses be read and earnest efforts to secure AAake the Use of Welfare studied. L A continuation meetings of quorum Canneries by Groups Inasmuch as the recent conference

the throughout Also, the help summer. officers limited to all quoquorum was 1937 Church have members quorums necessary whenever to plan to should be encouraged members rum to been urged plant garCince "Welfare projects, especially for food proaddresses, the and encouragement read dens,"not assist in to only producing duction processing. and quorums The this inof part the the class to on do the annual budget, Church Welfare but visited should regularly be members by is in order. structor always for the raising of purpose for foods famof the stake Priesthood committee.

ily use. This year governmental agenQhuAdc SsuwksL Stake Presidency is Responsible undercies area differentencouragingname. similar activities

'"Phe stake presidency is responsible In these gardens much food will be The Choir * for the quorums of the Melchizedek grown this year. Frequent inquiries are Kfl'usic is an important feature of worPriesthood in the stake. The stake made at the Welfare office about the ship. No religious service is compresidency should directly, and through use of Church Welfare canneries for plete without singing by the choir or

their stake committees, keep in close processing these foods for home use. congregation. Much effort and good

touch with these quorums. All the asOn this point the following, released leadership are usually required to mainsignments to the Melchizedek Priestfrom the Welfare office, may be helptain a wellbalanced choir. Recruiting

hood quorums should be approved by ful: the personnel and keeping alive the orthe presidency. 1. Wards, stakes and regions, as such, ganization require constant attention.

The bishops, on the other hand, are shall operate Welfare canneries solely The quorums of the Priesthood can responsible for the Aaronic Priesthood for the purpose of packing commodibecome alert to this responsibility ties for distribution through bishops'the of wards, give and should quorums the Service through committee. Church

storehouses. first attention. should not them They talents musical with members Quorum

2. times the At canneries when are not direct assignundertake to or make ability sing the to enshould be and

being for the used of packing commoto the ments Melchizedek Priesthood list join choir. to the of couraged A dities to distributed be through bishfull but, of course, right quorums, have in choir prospects should on be hand ops'storehouses, they may—when dealto with Melchizedek Priesthood to available every and quorum made circumstances for used orjustify—be holders the as of members ward, though in charge. those ganized groups of Church members.

not as quorum members. Applications for such use must be Choir membership is an important

Project assignments of every charmade in plenty of time so that proper Church activity which can be fostered arrangements can be out with workedacter to the Melchizedek Priesthood in the the of Priesthood the quorums by those responsible for the operation of should bequorums the stake made by Service committee Church and the male the canneries. following proThepresidency, naturally conwho would portion of the choir appropriately can cedure must be followed:

sult the bishops of the dewards when efforts supplied this the be through of (a) The members of each group using cisions are to be made. the cannery must sign a release by committee.

which he or she agrees not to hold In these days of war the Latterday

Quorum and Group Meetings any Church agency for any damSaints will be comforted and sustained liability or age that be sufmay of sacred by the the songs Church the to remind seems necessaryTt Melfered or him her by while working spirit forth breathe the which of hope,* again that chizedek Priesthood every in using or the cannery.

courage, true and patriotism to and God as a should (b) which meets cans groupquorum or other containers, No sug-

. for country, they to have ".. come ar, or commodities furat least as a once shall bemeet quorum a month.

Every effort should be made to mainnished through Welfare channels Zion with songs and everlasting joy tain and continue the monthly meetings for private canning., upon their heads: they shall obtain joy

of the quorums which meet weekly as 3. Industrial Compensation Insurance for and gladness, and sorrow and sighing

groups. the protection of all members of such shall flee away"(Isa. 35:10).

It should be remembered also that groups should be secured.

this monthly quorum meeting is entirely For further information, inquire at Social &7ttuadlcuw)U.

distinct from the monthly Priesthood the Church Welfare cannery in your leadership meeting, which has been aulocality. /\ne way of showing loyalty to the

thorized by the First Presidency. ward is to arrange the quorum parCIoaa, Qn&ihwdthm. ties and work periods at such times that

they will not detract from some other

Tn the May and June issues of the Eva ward function. Before a date is set,

appear addresses delivered the by the bishop should consulted, be and is the time"fow to make serious prepGeneral Authorities at the April Conpreferably, the should event be placedA aration for processing and preservference, call and attenwe particularly the master on program.

ing foodstuffs which are being raised tion to the addresses of the First PresiThe time of the year is approaching in both quorum and individual gardens. dency and suggest that they be renow when you should begin planning

Members should be urged to secure viewed and discussed in the Melchizefor a canyon party or other outdoor canning and dehydrating equipment dek Priesthood classes as a part of the activity. Always plan all quorum acduring the summer, instead of waiting supplemental material previously rectivities in detail so as to accomplish the

till the harvest is in full swing. Study ommended in this column. All of the most benefit. Nothing is quite so dethe various methods of processing addresses may be read with profit. Parmoralizing to a quorum member as a

foods, then select the most appropriate ticular emphasis should be placed on poorly managed party, project, or even for your need. the addresses of the Presidency. The class period.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, July, 1943

Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith Which of the Four Standing

Committees Should Take the Responsibility for Quorum Discuss: 61 LESSON Projects? Welfare

practicable 1 Prophet this of the ideal Is Universe theDivine the PersonLaw Governing special work of is the liberty to religious the whole HPhis—"civil and(Continued) project committee. The -* al Welfare race"? the of human

universe of the glory and majesty delinquent quorum with 4. The laboring of those of 2. were type men who What of God Personal a primarily while members, President Wilford Constitution? the drafted heavspiritually and Organization a. well problem, may committee Welfare the they were declared among Woodruff permost to agreeable worlds enly the to Church earth, part in the and transferred to upon best be be found men (325) order fect harmony and

this for misin chose matthem such the Lord hence which committee, Service all stars move and Sun, moon (1) sion. delinquent to bring seek ters their would in perfect harmony in

sphere and order (197198) members into some form of Church ac- (2) All these are kingdoms and any LESSON 63 tivity.

man who hath seen the least of The Constitution these hath seen God moving in (Continued) (D. power and majesty 8 3. Liberty, a blessing 88:47) for the righteous NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO HisC Mos. 29:2527) (Alma 46:10; in their wings roll upon They (3) their glory, in the midst of the a. The foundation of liberty which COLUMN

power of God (v. 45) God grants for the righteous'sake

b. God governs and controls all b. Wicked seek to destroy it

Consistency? is the great of Urim a residence c. Where God The c. people the of voice The

130:78) C. (D. and of 8 Thummim Rationing war. the in are this land gentiles d. on Righteous creBeing the of d. who Greatness WE is efin articles necessary 13:16- (I liberty blessed Nephi with many (5556) the universe ated raare among foods Essential 19) fect. of our intelligence Glorious (1)

list canned are this In articles. e. the of tioned Purpose Parent great Constitution—to

juice, for of liberty blessings the to secure sufficient to fruits alone and fruit His wisdom (2) juices—grape (Preit? our posterity ourselves and creations the mighty regulate can you believe But example.

and worlds amble) Though it is made from grape juice, creations all the as of the e. quotes Prophet purpose The f. Orson use Hyde must rationed. is One not wine

saving himself glorifies ( by saying God 1 ) it is ra- (because sparingly juice grape his all made, have hands that the when would come (1) Time limitations on are there no but tioned) or fishes fowls, beasts, whether the of country Constitution consume. one wine of may the amount (291) men of overin an danger be would jewel."art a thou "Consistency, perholiness and beauty, The (2) throw limitations on there are no Similarly (372373) the of fection Gods

all, it will it at If be saved be (2) cigarets, and tobacco, of the amountDiscuss: this of elders Church the by

It reuse. was and buy one beer may Explain 6: destroyed? 1. matter Discourses 152) be (Journal of Can Washington to a high suggested cently are "there words, the is meant bywhat the the of laws break no man convert the 4. Let government the that passed official that by away have worldsmany 58:21, land (D. C. 22) 8 to produce power."of used laborword my now and land the

of to obtain knowledge a a. Command for mine created own them 2. "I also foods and of growing the to tobacco of history, countries, kinqdoms, I them."created the Son purpose; and by reply for the war. The essentials other (D. C. 93: of laws and man 8 God all creations? is of the purposeWhat more tobacco soldiers want that came 53)

food. the than to be delivered Criminals up toLESSON 62 b. whether they want tobacco or But 84land of the laws (D. 8 C. 42:79,

The Constitution of the United States 86) not, it is said that cigarets form a part

Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph c. He that keepeth the laws of God of the day's rations in the kit of every

Smith, pp. 146148. 313, 326327, 331332; hath no need to break the laws of soldier when he goes out to the front

D. 8 C. 38:2122; 42:79, 8486; 58:2122; the land lines. Appearances indicate that the

93:53; 98:4-10; 101:7780; 109:54; I Nephi d. Law of the land which is constitugovernment encourages smoking by all

13:1619; Mos. 29:2527; Alma 46:10; tional, supporting principle of freeits fighting men. Smoking is rapidly

Journal of Discourses Moses 4:3; rights and privin maintaining 6:152; dom especially womaddicts, among gaining 340, 415416. Progress pp. 300301, of Man, the ileges, justifiable before Lord an need for all the more en. Hence

heaveninspired document 98:4-10) (D. C. 8 1. A of campaign persistent and energetic

constitution the established a. God be, that to the subject powers of e. Be liquor of and the for nonuse education this 101:80) (D. land 8 C. it is right until reigns whose He to tobacco. heavenConstitution a glorious b. The reign retruth the confirmed has Science ly (147148) banner

2. The principle of religious freedom 5. Preparing the way for the rule of the vealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith 1 10

Lord civil refor are and a. Prophet's love tobacco liquor that and years ago

shall king nor time have no a. "In ye liberty for ligious the whole human not be must for man. not good We ruler, king I will for and your be race (313) teach efforts and to in our deterred 38:21- (D. C. over watch you"8 the of greatest advocate (1) The nothwithstanding abstinence, practice 22) (326earth Constitution on indulgence general and the wide very 327)

narcotics. in of the use all (D. b. given agency Moral men 8 Discuss:

C. 101:7780) 1. Show that liberty flourishes in times Smoking mothers may some day find

righteousness, that they seriously to all groups of guarantee sacred their sorrow and declines rapidly in to c. A of wickedness. times denominations and their un- (147) fatally) poisoned (sometimes

Pratt, says government,"seOrson 2. "This organizing of Impropriety (1) gravely thus babes, and infant born

suit the to people organized and companies, cret "was or bands by race of life. in the the handicapping them

placed, in they circumstances were oaths, which or covenant by penalties repair the will never tears But maternal to receive until prepared a they more were secrecies or (2) Pure friendship ahvays weakperfect one."Why did not the Lord at wrong and injury mothers have done

ened by penal oaths and sethat time introduce a perfect form of govtheir children.

crecy (146) ernment? (Concluded on page 362)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

JthsL {Concluded from page 361J/ul Wmk. of NoLiquor-Tobacco Columm SEVENTY Frank Mozley and His Committee

rehas been of the WJ&bhnwdsLtiL. tabifc ml JthsL 2Cdmjl J>AotiL "D rotherleased fromFranktheMozleychairmanship

TP'he report for March received from There is also a broader aspect to their Salt Lake County Committee of Law the Reno Stake Mission indicates work. Every man, woman, and child Observance and Enforcement, on the

the result of an industrious purpose for who has learned from them repeats the positive advice of his physician, who the promulgation of the gospel. The truth of the message to his neighbor, found that Brother Mozley was seriousmissionaries have shown their faith in Their work is literally the leaven and ly endangering his health by overwork.

the work to which they have been the seed. All the missionaries represent This was due not only to the amount

called, for they believe in the reality the Church with honor, and their servof work he did but also to the care and and necessity of their message. The ice to the people to whom they go with enthusiasm with which he did it. With

dignity of their work has been in keepthe message is manifold and inestimhim, "What is worth doing at all is ing with its importance. It is impossible able. They bear the message that the worth doing well."

to give results with an approach to forces which are to make the world The committee is made up of one or fulness, for the work of such a mission what it ought to be are not within it. more men representing each of the

steadily goes on. It is not the bare Theirs is a higher call than they someeighteen stakes in Salt Lake County.

figures that tell the story, but they intimes realize, for in their words is a During the first two years of its existdicate that the enterprise in the Reno spirit which tells people that they go ence it met regularly twice a month. It

Stake recognizes good wherever good forth to bless, and to teach the gospel now meets monthly, having found this is found, whatever of truth and faith, of faith, repentance, and baptism for frequent enough to keep the wellor- and adds to it more truth, the whole the remission of sins. In these perilous ganized machine running smoothly. As

truth. The missionaries of all the mistimes, they bless the mothers and wives chairman, Brother Mozley provided the

sions have consecrated themselves to and sweethearts of the men who have cotnmittee with what every working success and they intend to deserve the gone into the service of their country, committee needs—effective leadership.

success for which they strive. They Their homes are illumined with their As a result of this leadership and the

work discreetly but with a determined words of comfort, and their influence is cooperation of loyal, competent mempurpose. They labor with profound, felt for a greater faith in the Lord, bers, the committee has rendered fine

undying zeal to awaken men to a sense With profound love for the message public service during the nearly three of the finer realities of life. The splenwhich they have to teach, they spend years of its existence. It has secured

dor of their spirit is seen in the many industrious years declaring the truth. the passage of helpful laws and ordipeople to whom they have given the They give a new conception of man, nances by the legislature, county and

word, and of their ardor and their faith exalting his nature, raising him to his city commissions; it has printed and diswill receive a compensation of proplace in the world, and endowing him tributed thousands of pieces of literafound joy and happiness. Their effort with a courage to go forth to attain to ture; it has personally contacted the

and sacrifice are often the best means and realize the divine powers within many hundreds of vendors of tobacco of calling into activity still deeper him. Noble is this service of the misand alcoholic beverages in the city and

values of the souls of men for men never sionaries of the Church. They are corncounty; it has secured the removal of

reach the divine unless the divine works mitted to nothing but the truth of the cigaret vending machines; it has secured

of God are acknowleged in their own gospel. They follow the Word and will the cooperation of state, county, and

lives. conquer. L. E. Y. city law enforcement officers; it has

filled with fear violators of the law rePRESIDENT MONTHLY REPORT OF STAKE MISSION OF RENO STAKE FOR THE MONTH lative it to selling narcotics to minors;

1943 OF MARCH, has secured of respect a degree for, and 425 missionary out doing of times work 1—Number of, observance these that not did laws

1 128 in missionary Hours spent work 2—It previously in prevail the county.

of 141 for the first time entered homes 3—Number has secured observance, the of part on revisits of 211 Number 4—

stores, drug the of pertaining to law invitations to 296 of return Number 5—

6—Number of gospel conversations 437 prophylactics serving as contracep-

7—Number of standard Church works distributed Loaned Sold tives; it has functioned so diligently

of Copies Bible the the Copies of Book of Mormon 18 2213 and effectively that it has earned the

Copies of the Doctrine and Covenants 1 6 gratitude of all morally minded and

Copies of the Pearl Price 4 10 of Great

Total 74 rightthinking people in the county. (Loaned and Sold)

8—Number of other books distributed 162 Brother R. A. Brower, former bishop,

9—Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 317 has been elected the new chairman of

10—Number of hall meetings held 141 the committee. Brother Mozley still

II—Number of cottage meetings held 13 says that he will be unable to refrain

12—Number of missionaries who attended the above meetings 29 from doing all he can to help the com13—Number of investigators present at cottage and hall meetings 41 mittee.

of baptisms as a result of missionary work: 14—Number

of over 15 2 Undoubtedly the committee will years age (1) Of people of years 15 under age: Of people (2) sucfor continued prove itself worthy

(a) of Both parents are whose members of is called cess. Attention to the work (b) 15 Others 2 under years of age Total baptisms 4 the committee, primarily for the reason

of inactive Number members of the Church brought into activity through stake missionary service 15—

the during month 6 of providing other committees with an example that they well might follow.

If the kind of work the committee has

Minimum requirement for each stake The seven district headquarters are been doing can succeed in Salt Lake missionary is eight evenings per month. located at Sparks, Hawthorne, Carson County, it certainly can succeed in at

Under the direction of E. L. Whitehead, City, Reno, in Nevada, and Westwood, least every other county in the state

stake mission president, twentythree Loyalton, Quincy, in California. of Utah and in the counties of other

of the twentyeight missionaries acOpportunity for this type of home states having laws similar to those in complished the minimum requirements missionary work is at hand. The reUtah. Will not responsible authorities

and no missionaries were reported as sults are gratifying and the work is esin the stakes of other counties take noinactive. sential. tice and act accordingly?

.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER. PMsmm—

the of holds Priesthood Aaron, whichmmWARD BOY LEADERSHIP THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ministering of angels, keys of the and

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY Thirtyeighth and last in a series of the gospel of repentance, and of

JULY. 1943 of articles by the late Orson F. baptism by immersion for the remission

Whitney of the Council of the of sins; and this shall never be taken

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS "TheTwelve.Contributor."Published originally in againLevi dofromofferthe againearth, anuntilofferingthe sonsuntoof

Chapter VII: Winning the Young Each bishop has two counselors, and the Lord in righteousness."Those

Boy Group besides these, there are quorums of who have supposed that the law of priests, teachers, and deacons under sacrifice was done away in Christ, and

Quotations from the Text: their jurisdictions. The bishop and his that after He, the great sacrifice, was

1. There is a special brand of inspired counselors are high priests after the offered up, all minor sacrifices typical

patience necessary for the teacher of order of Melchizedek, presiding as such, of His atonement were abolished, have this group. in a ward capacity, over all Church probably been at a loss to understand

2 Change human nature and you promptmembers in their wards, and as bishops the significance of the angel's words in ly have abnormality! And for the abor judges having original, though not relation to a future offering by the puribeing unof wealth normal a human will sons ask Levi. merely of final, all jurisdiction, in offied of the trial We

store. in happiness sacrifice the cannot symbol be a why against fenders the laws of God, when 3. let the Surprise. Never Use of Lawis past, event, future of a as well as a respective of their wards. members little anticipate those quick minds your

program for the day. Minor offenses, disputes, evil speaking, and be offered up in commemoration of

4. Be certain you do not repeat yourself etc., such as are not of a difficult nathe former as well as the latter with

when talking to them. ture, if not settled between the parties perfect propriety, and then refer the

5. Never neglect one moment your apthemselves, should be mediated and setreader, for a fuller and better explanIt to youngsters. must be comation, to the of the Prophet remarks If tled teachers. the the teacher by

they'll run promptly over proachmanding—or this in matter, relation to Smith Joseph reconcile is required cannot them, he other it must never than be you. But

Illinois, in at Octodelivered Nauvoo, iniquity that to report them, with any friendly.

6. Be sure of this important truth: He'll he finds existing, to the bishop's court, ber, 1840. Said he:

manage you if he can. the decisions of which are subject to All things had under the authority of the

shall period, be Priesthood former at any 7. started a Get on stake. the of the council appeal high DO program—never

the restoration bringing to again, pass had program. a DON'T traced, thus impervery have We to all the of the holy of spoken mouths 8. by little are not are Boys men! They it is historical fectly the confessed, offer shall the Prophets; then sons of Levi with boys imagination awakening and the Priesthood. of thread Aaronic sacrifice (See Lord. the acceptable to an spirit the fun. of muscles and boy Go

details doubtless have sit reshall Many as a been Malachi 3:3.) he "And their to their use world mental and own

and spiritual reactions. Adult apomitted, and necessarily so, not only finer and purifier of silver, and he shall

proaches absolutely fail. because lack of time forbade further repurify the sons of Levi, and purge them as

search, but limited space would pregold and silver, that they may offer unto the Lord."Helps presentation. for the Class Leader: clude a fuller

sacrifice It that is generally supposed

Discuss: before taking leave words, A few the entirely Great done was away when

1. The essential differences in the techof the subject, upon the theme of sacriSacrifice was offered up, and that there will

niques of dayschool teaching and ficial offerings, with which the priest's be no necessity for the ordinance of sacChurch teaching as they relate to the office, in ancient times, was so intimrifice in future; but those who assert this

young boy group. ately connected. The words of the are certainly not acquainted with the

2. The Law of Surprise described by the angel, John the Baptist, as he laid his duties, privileges, and authority of, the

Priesthood, Prophets. the or with author. of hands the heads upon Joseph Smith

sacrifice of ever been has 3. The offering repetition. danger The of too much conferred upand and Oliver Cowdery of the duties part of 4. forms connected, a and to this Methods of approach age group.

Priesthood, were the Aaronic on them It Priestthe the Priesthood. began with advantages of a program. 5. The DO

fellow servants, until the after "Upon continued 6. hood, you my and will be disadvantages of prothese: The a DON'T

gram. in the name of Messiah, I confer the coming of Christ, from generation to generation. We frequently have mention made

the servants offering of sacrifice the by SANPETE FAIRVIEW SOUTH WARD, STAKE, CELEBRATE STANDARD of NORTH prior to days, in ancient of the High Most ACHIEVEMENTS QUORUM AWARD the law of Moses; which ordinances will be

continued when the Priesthood is restored with all its authority, power and blessings.

It is a very prevalent opinion that the sacrifices which were offered were entirely consumed. This was not the case; if you

read Leviticus, second chapter, second and third verses, you will observe that the priests took a part as a memorial, and offered it up before the Lord, while the remainder was kept for the maintenance of the priests; so that the offerings and sacrifices are not all consumed upon the altar

but blood is sprinkled, and the fat and certain other portions are consumed.

These sacrifices, as well as every ordinance belonging to the Priesthood, will, when the Temple of the Lord shall be built,

Bishop Heber L. Mower and Counselors Howard Rigby leaders are determined to continue on with their Priestand the sons of Levi be purified, be fully

recognition special of this priests, teachers, B. provided again the be worthy Newell hood andand and work Cox their powers, to in all restored and attended

for Fairviewdeacons banquet the a South 1943. Ward, did blessings. ever This and of the ramifications mothers fathers as and guests Included for a were recordof Standard Quorum Award in 1942.honor 100%of

served. on (Concluded page persons were 364) than their young conditions MoreIn spite of men. present these young and men 150

winmemimCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

A WARD TEACHER SINCE 1880 WARD TEACHERS The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355)

SEARCH THE SCRIPTURES

Hpo the Latterday Saints, the Holy Bible, the Book of Mormon, the Doc-

A trine and Covenants, and the Pearl of Great Price constitute the standard works of the Church. The fundamental teachings of the gospel, ancient and

modern, are contained therein.

Our leaders are constantly urging us to thoughtfully and prayerfully read these scriptures that we may familiarize ourselves with the word of the Lord. There is no substitute for these inspired writings. All the combined

philosophies of men cannot equal or replace the teachings found in these sacredWerecords.cannot plead that we have no time to read and study the scripture.

Step into any public conveyance and note the reading material in use by the patrons. Homes abound in magazines, newspapers and popular books.

FREDERICK REBER These are not lying around because they enhance the beauty of the home.

They are read by many of us who have no time for the study of the word of "D rother Frederick Reber now living the Lord.

in the Santa Clara Ward, St. Scarcely a home is without a radio. Many persons too busy to study

George Stake, was first appointed to the scriptures give hours and hours of time listening to programs which labor as a ward teacher in 1880. With may have little or no cultural value.

the exception of three years which he True it is, that the reading of other than scriptural material, listening spent as a missionary in Switzerland, he to the radio, and engaging in other intellectual pursuits may, and sometimes has labored continuously in this capacity do, promote personal development, but when these are permitted to crowd since his first appointment. For more out our intelligent and adequate study of the scriptures we are masquerading

than sixty years, he has visited his asbehind the real reason for our neglect.

signed families regularly. Many times While it may appear to some to be a bit old fashioned, it would unhe has visited as many as twentytwo doubtedly please the Lord, if fathers and mothers would take every possible

families in one month when others opportunity, or provide opportunities where they do not now exist, to read failed to do their duty. a chapter or two from the scriptures and discuss these with the members

During his sixty years as a ward of their families at frequent and regular intervals. If our sons and daughters

teacher he has served under seven bishare to develop an appreciation and love for holy writ, the major responsibiliops. At the age of eightyone he is still ty for this training rests upon parents in the home.

active in visiting his assigned families The education of greatest value prepares us to enjoy life both here and each month. hereafter. Only the holy scriptures provide both of these patterns. Secular

Brother Reber has a real vision of his education is necessary and vital but even this is incomplete without the inwork. The following excerpts from his fluence and the tone of religious concepts.

letter should be carefully studied by all Let us read the scriptures to our families and with our families regularly.

ward teachers:

If someone should go wrong because of members of the Church among whom Ward teaching is not a chore tomy not having done my duty, how would he labors as a ward teacher. He does Brother Reber,—it is an "opportunity

I feel? God is our Father, and Jesus is our not want to see them "go wrong."He and a blessing."Sixty years devoted to

help should another. encourage one andWeSavior indeed and they are good ta us all. is anxious to visit each and every famithis calling has made him loved by all, but best it if requires of all, loved by the Lord for many attempts to ly even

is teaching a good doWard way to faithfulness. such at home. of them it. find some

I think ward teaching is an opportunity and a blessing.

till off not the teaching I do put ward I AARONIC PRIESTHOOD foroffered?sacrifice,In answersince theto which,great ifsacrificerepentance,waslast of the start as as but soon month

get the message, then I have plenty of time. (Concluded from page 363) baptism, and faith existed prior to the days

Christ, what necessity for them since I the time are of ofIf people not home, powers have ever will exist when the to and that time? sufficientuntil third time or second are and Priesthood back thego the Melchizedek

I find them home. Next month I will be ly manifest; else how can the restitution of With the above able exposition from

eightyone and I still love to work as a all things spoken of by all the holy Prophone who spake by divine authority and ward teacher. ets be brought to pass? It is not to be uninspiration, we take final leave of the

In last month's Eta, in this column, derstood that the law of Moses will be esgeneral subject of the Priesthood of all its rites tablished with and variety again unthe reader a better wishing Aaron, the directing article publishedan was this never ceremonies; been spoken has of further study through of it, derstanding their to teachersattention of ward things which but those the Prophets; reof by efforts our humble than and reflection, insponsibility the over watching sacrinamely, existed to prior day, Moses'

Church always. It is easy to note how fice, will be continued. have been able to impart.

closely Brother Reber watches over the It may be asked by some, what necessity (End of series)

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING SESSION

their of into the Church because coming JOHN H. lems of the day. We have people Recently, here. very a contact we had

TAYLOR intelligentwith us. andMuchoutstandingof her lifewomanhad beenvisit

Of the First Council of the Seventy spentand wentin France.around Shewithcameone ofon ourthe guidesBlock

Delivered at the Monday morning sesand was so impressed that she came sion of the \\3th Annual Conference, again. She was going down to CaliApril 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle fornia and thought she had better stay

here long enough to hear more about am very happy, my brethren, to the gospel. So we taught her the goshave the opportunity of being in this pel; and one of our guides was so con-

I conference to hear the words of insiderate that she took her to some of spiration, counsel, and instruction that our meetings and young people's gathhave come to us. I trust that I may be erings. The woman kept coming back.

able to say something that will be helpThen we talked things over with her, ful and that I may be humble in the and one day we said to her, "You know things that I say. we have the Word of Wisdom in the

I heard of a speaker who, in telling Church; it has to do with smoking and

of his experiences in delivering a serdrinking and the use of tea and coffee."

mon, said that as he stood before a conIt was quite a surprise to her, and in a gregation he felt he was a great waterway shocked her because the use of fall pouring out the word of the Lord some of these things had been a part of into the hearts of the thirsty people. A her life. She asked, "Is that one of

man who was standing by him said, JOHN H. TAYLOR the teachings of Joseph Smith?"We

"Brother, from where I was sitting in answered, "Yes, that is one of the revelthe audience you didn't look like much ations which was given to him.""Well,

of a waterfall. In fact what I saw possible to have this building, this if Joseph Smith said that, that is what

this city ours. block, of However, and do; to children His like just a trickle."wantedlooked Lord the more

forget of that quite sure us many I am she then since it."So I to with going do know, you am As I am

is that spot also sacred the a and Block conalone. She things all these left have Mission.the Square has Temple connectedWe

it spirit is worship, in of there the that is a and now investigation coming people her of tinued thousandsmany that is here us, and with that God faithful, and sincere member of that would thought all humble, the warthere. We within our come and women who that mission, thisinterfere with the Church. we men

infeel the gates are blessed and may turn change, have to to you not have very muchwould You know, do. We

spiration as they of the Lord come do things and differently the of think months mistaken. During around,were

January, February, and March of last among us. differently when you come into the

year, when the grounds and tabernacle I surely wish our people could realize Church of Jesus Christ. I wish all of

were open, we had something like fortythis fact and not feel that all has been us as we think about things could say three thousand people. This year durlost simply because the tabernacle has in our hearts, "Well, if the Prophet

ing the same three months when the been closed. Seemingly, we have no Joseph Smith said that, and it was given

tabernacle has been closed, we have objections from our friends. We have to him by the Lord, we will do it just

had something like fifty thousand peoany number of army men and civilians as he wants us to do."

ple. Three times as many people are who, when we say the building has been One day a father and mother came

going out with the guides this year as closed because of the war emergency, onto the Block. They followed several

did last year. In the same three months say that that is the right thing to do. of our groups. As they went around

of last year we sold two hundred sevenThe only opposition that we have, the third or fourth time, they thought tysix copies of the Book of Mormon. seemingly, comes from our own memthat perhaps the people behind the

The three months of this year we have bership. The work that we are doing counter would wonder why they were

sold five hundred thirtysix copies of in the Block is of immense value to the going so often. So they made this exthe Book of Mormon. people who come here. The guides are planation: "We have a son who is

I am giving you this information behaving the same opportunity of preachover in England in the military work.

cause a number of people, principally ing the gospel. We ask our guides to One day he wrote to us and said that

members of the Church, thought that make an hour the maximum and about he had met the Mormon missionaries because the tabernacle is closed no one forty or fifty minutes the minimum of who are now in the army and said, the take as they time to people hold us to visit with andwould come that we 'They "surely are a splendid lot of felBlock. the guides our through So lows.'of them the able type not be to dowould

work that we were able to do previousare using the fifty and sixty minutes, Nothing more was said by the son ly. In fact, among our own memberjust as they have always used in preachabout his companions until some time

ship we often hear it said that the closing the gospel of Jesus Christ. When later when they received a letter saying of this very historic building is a men and women go away, I am quite ing that he had joined the Mormon

great calamity and that we are failing certain they go away with a more kindChurch. "We were so ashamed and

to reach the people whom we should ly feeling concerning the Church of the embarrassed,"said the mother, "that reach. Lord that has been established in these we just could not go out and meet our

I grant you that the opportunity of latter days. Without any doubt we are friends or talk about things, because of

coming into this building is a choice doing a work that is valuable in spreadour son's joining a church that had such one. Inside this building there are a ing a knowledge of the gospel among a bad name and reputation as the Morsacredness, a spirit of worship, and a the people. mon Church."I could not blame her

quietness that reach into the hearts of Because of the nature of our work so much because of the many lies which men and women and in some way go we have the opportunity of seeing peohave been told about us.

down deep into their souls. It makes ple change their viewpoint, changing Several days later they decided to

them remember the great faith and their way of life, rearranging'their come to Salt Lake and find out for courage of our pioneers who made it thinking in regard to the religious prob- (Continued on page 366)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING

JOHN H. TAYLOR This man said, "Why couldn't my execution of the law among the ordibishop have given me something to do nary laymen is that it is not so much the

(Continued from page 365) twentyfive years ago so I could have righteousness of the law which governs themselves just what kind of church known the jOy of service all these the decisions of the courts as it is the their son had joined. "We have been years?"Then he told about having a ability of the attorneys who represent

in the city a few days and have gone son who had married in the temple and those who go to law. And so the dearound with the guides several times was not doing anything in the Church. cisions are not always righteous. If

and have bought some Church works. He said, "Why cannot the bishop give the brethren of the Church were makThings look very different to us now. him something to do so he will not reing decisions, I think the decisions

We have enjoyed our visit and admire main inactive as I have been?"would be righteous. To my friends who

many of your teachings."Brethren, I am pleading for every come to me inquiring whether they

May the Lord bless us. May we man whom the Lord has endowed with should sue their brethren for this or

catch the spirit of missionary work. His gifts through the power of His that, I say, "Brother, if you win, you

May we be helpful to the men and Spirit, that we find a way whereby they lose,"and that is almost invariably true women who are around us that no one can fit in and do something for the when you go into the courts.

shall go into the presence of God and building up of the kingdom. We have I would like to read a few words by

have any complaint to make because the opportunity of ward teaching, misPaul in First Corinthians, sixth chapter, we Latterday Saints were untrue to the sionary work, and of stake, ward, and commencing with the first verse:

testimony and the obligations resting auxiliary officers and teachers. We Dare any of you, having a matter against

upon us to help our friends to see and can go even further, for there is so another, go to law before the unjust, and understand the beauties of the gospel much to be done in a temporal way, in not before the saints?

of Jesus Christ, I humbly ask in Jesus'beautification, in the Welfare program, Do you not know that the saints shall if the shall world? the world be And the building of in the judge storehouses,name. Amen. in judged you, are to judge unworthy by ye of land, acquiring in the production and

smallest matters?

that not ye judge angels? Know we shall

things that pertain more much LEGRAND RICHARDS ofwhichthe arethingsneedednot yetfor thebeingstorehouses;produced theHow (Concluded from page 343) and some of the finest leadership in the life?... to this

some gift, and as you look about you, Church is available, but as yet inacNow therefore there is utterly a fault you will find that where one is strong in tive. I scarcely ever return from a among you, because ye go to law one with

rather take ye not do wrong? conference thinking of without Why some in another.one he be weak may way

suffer rather to yourselves do not ye of another.Why I the outstanding sucmet, have men all gifts did to give His never LordThe be defrauded? field, cessful particular in a almost bein individual. great theany one Even that defraud, wrong, ye Nay, and do and

I to describe; words yond and wonder the Prophet accomplished,work Joseph (I brethren. 6:1-3, Corinthians your 78)

lives into reach the can of those how we giftsthe his told that him were Lord I to read the want Lord what Now lift less fortunate to the and them same in respects.limited some rememYou said to the as it Prophet appears Joseph, I level. think the of marvelous Then thatber said of old he would Alma how in is the Doctrine Covenants. This and possibilities within the Priesthpod quothe that angel, of voice hehe had an to Oliver: Joseph and lifting rums, of rehabilitating of men, all tomight cry repentance the world,

shall thee law with whosoever And go to them, to put and causing Zion on her thebut his desire, did grant not Lord the law. be (D. cursed by 24:17) 6 C. beautiful garments, as the deshall Lord prophet. aeven though Paul he was

carried a thorn in his flesh all his days, clared to the Prophet Joseph two years Now, brethren, it is my feeling that but the Lord did not see fit to remove after this Church was organized that when we can be, as Brother Romney it; and the Book of Mormon says thereshe should do, because, in effect, He pointed out yesterday from the revelato are we given weaknesses that we said: tions of the Lord, free and independent

the celestial beneath from every power Is theremight remain humble. one in increase Zion must beauty and in holiso united and become that we does not feelamong stakes ness; her his weakstrengthened; be you who her kingdom must

ness and would that he had greater borders must be extended; yea, Zion must as members of the Priesthood of the

power than he possesses for achievearise and put on her beautiful garments. living God can settle all our troubles

ranks, will within our then own we this in great latterdayment mighty and I like discuss to another would hill, literally light a a an upon become satisfy yet towork? you have And I today. here not thought do know how nations. ensign the unto to thatyourselves the are things do I I this, right in give to going but am am bless brethren. you, God God mywithin reach the with your and own for responsibility the thought. the Paul all that us help shepbe worthy we may fitgifts that the to has seen beLord I just the not mechanics do what know flock, herds the that of and may we you. But remember,stow upon "The I be, for to ought but idea an had have in activity into bring our and wards is Spiritmanifestation to of the given if a that time into long could out go we is stakes of a every Zion man who is profitevery to man stakes arbitration establish the withal"—that and I this in of the Church, pray member the the the parable of Lord gavewhy there the Priesthood committees among Christ. of Jesus name Amen.talents. talents; five gave one He To fine be could be would many men who

to another, two; and to another, one. brought into service.

will return remember and the LordAnd in I spent years the a good many E.expect accounting according to an the real estate business. had what we CLIFFORD Wetalents given. listing called system, a multiple where

I am grateful for the great Welfare we all worked on the sale of the sameprogram of the Church. I see in it a homes. That naturally brought us into YOUNG

marvelous opportunity to use some of troubles because often two or three Assistant to the Council of the Twelve the men who have not applied themmen would sell the same home, someDelivered at the Monday morning sesselves in more spiritual activities. A times the same day; and we settled all sion of the 113th Annual Conference,

man sat in my office not long ago who our differences through an arbitration April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle had only recently become active in the committee. I know the Lord set up

Church. He had been very successful the bishop's court; I know He set up the sincerely trust, my brethren, that

in his own business affairs, but aphigh council court, where men can be what I say shall not in any way parently the bishop had never asked tried for misconduct. But why couldn't I detract from the lovely spirit of this

him to do anything. Then they had to we have an arbitration committee conference. We have all been built up

build a church, and the bishop selected where men could go when they have in our faith, and may we go home from him to head the finance committee, and differences? I do not know a great deal here strengthened in our desires to serve

he did a marvelous job. about the law, but my experience in the more faithfully than we have in the

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

past. It is a great thing for men to come of the virtues of Mormonism, only the

together such as we do on these occanegative things. They are coming here

sions, and as we yesterday observed to make their homes. We have been

this vast body of Priesthood we could sending our elders out in the world to not help but feel the power and the preach the gospel. Now men and womstrength that is here. en are coming here where we may

In the very beginning of this work preach to them, and I commend to you, the Lord said to the father of the my brethren in the stakes and wards,

Prophet Joseph, through His prophet: this field. I know that a lot of interest

is taken, as being and, was suggested behold, about a marvelous work is Now yesterday, here for opportunity an what the children of men.to forth among come

Therefore, O ye that embark in the servour missionaries, our stake missionaries, ice of God, see that ye serve him with all the greatest opportunity that they have your heart, might, mind, and strength, that ever had to bring to our friends who ye may stand blameless before God at the come here the message of peace, that last day. (D. & C. 4:1, 2) they may know that the Latterday

Then He goes on to point out that Saints are in very deed saints of the the field is white, ready for the harvest, living God, because of their standards that he that thrusts in his sickle may of living, because of their devotion, reap. Then He adds: their friendliness and their kindliness.

Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, temComing back to the statement reperance, patience, brotherly kindness, godcorded by the Prophet Joseph: "Reliness, charity, humility, diligence. (D. & member faith, virtue, knowledge, temper-

C. 4:6) ance, patience, brotherly kindness, godIt seems to me the Lord has here set liness, charity, humility and diligence."

forth the standards by which we should CLIFFORD E. YOUNG In that spirit, my brethren, must we atoperate in this great Priesthood work, tack this problem as we go into this

and thinking of the fields as referred to responsible, of course, for their misfield, that we may be in very deed amin the revelation and trying to apply deeds, for their shortcomings. Every bassadors of the truth. We want to be

them to our own everyday work, I have man must assume his own responsibilifriendly, we do not want to make the thought that they might be classified in ty, there is no question about that; but people who come here feel that we are

five divisions. there has been failure somewhere along contacting them in the spirit of warning,

their in this great sponsibility but shortcomings, and want do work or we we Priesthood. Aaronic Our boys—theFirst, we have our duty to our boys the line; someone has failed in his rein the spirit of criticizing their failings

positive of in the a the great out high percentage not have way to point standing at a crossroad.today are You would

will recall, you brethren who are workmen we do have who are for all intents virtues that lie in the Church of Christ, ing in the Aaronic Priesthood, that bit and purposes outside the pale of the and in that way we will build up the of verse that appears in your Handbook Church. In most of the stakes of Zion kingdom. It is not a good policy and

(page 55), pointing out to us the boy you will find that half of the men who never has been to say unkind things who stands at the crossroads knowing hold the Aaronic Priesthood are in that about other faiths; we are not connot which way to go. The road adult class; young men who were orcerned about that. We are concerned

stretches east and the road stretches dained deacons, perhaps teachers, then about the faith of our own Church; we

west, and the boy not knowing which were lost as far as the influence of the are concerned about the gospel of the road is best, strolls on the road that Church is concerned. Today many of Lord Jesus Christ, with all of its virleads him down, and he loses the race them find themselves out of the Church tues, with all of its strength, and in goand the victor's crown. And then, we and its activities. That is another field ing forth in kindliness, and in charity,

are told, at the selfsame road another that demands our attention, our earnest and with faith, we may preach the gosboy stands with high hopes and ameffort. I am only suggesting it here topel in that spirit, and it seems to me that

bitions, but someone is there to show day. You brethren in the stakes and is the only way we shall be able to athim the road and he wins the race and wards are conscious of this, I am sure. tack this problem, so I commend this

the victor's crown. Another field that we are concerned field for your consideration.

is the field of the elders, and that And then another activity, and I can We have here, my brethren, sugabout gested to us our responsibilities in this might apply also to the seventies, not so merely suggest it, and that is the field great work of the Aaronic Priesthood. much to the high priests. But in our of the boys who are in the armed servelders'that quorums we find is inspiration that is goseventy- ice. done,There a great is being deal of good A great

five percent of the and over membership ofing testiBishop's the Presiding that, out from of evidence had we have is think of it, seventyfive allfice to boys'in the are interested monies to the boys means of what it who the of outinactive—justof every hundred men in this is of the Church, and this work back the peoplework by to be contacted

being followed up. I join with Bishop Church that should be active are indifhome through letters and otherwise. As

Richards in commending the bishops ferent to the opportunities and bless- I have gone out into the stakes, some and their committees for the fine work ings that come through service in the of the outlying stakes, I have found a they are doing. But there is so much to Church. This is another field that is vast amount of good that has come

be done. Our boys need every ounce ripe, ready for the sickle, and it is a through the services of President

of energy that we can give, all the inchallenge to us and commands the atBrown and others and through letters terest and direction, and if we can but tention of every thinking man who is that have come from the stakes. In one

stand at the crossroads with our boys, interested and feels the responsibility of of the stakes every boy who has gone in ten years from now we shall have this work. into the service has received a letter

solved the problem of the adult Aaronic Then we come to another field that every month without fail, and many of

Priesthood. And so we have that field. we have not been made conscious of the responses to these letters have been

Then we come into the field of the until recently. We are having thouencouraging and have demonstrated the

adult Aaronic Priesthood, another field sands of strangers come into our midst, fact that here is a field that must not be that is white, ready for the sickle, ready men and women who come with preneglected.

for harvest, thousands and thousands of judices, men and women of the type of So, brethren, I am just suggesting our brethren in this Church, our own which President Taylor spoke a few these fields as they occur to me; they

flesh and blood whom we have someminutes ago. Many of them are culare very vital in this great work.

where neglected. We are not altogether tured and refined, who have not heard {Continued on page 368)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING

CLIFFORD E. YOUNG God,all of andour brethrenwith thatareconsciousnessthe immortal thatoffmustOneeverthing,be waryhowever,is the warningof whichwhichwe

{Continued from page 367) spring of our Heavenly Father, and God has given. That warning is that

And may I, in conclusion, point out furthermore being endowed with a "all other authorities or offices in the another thing that seems to give us power that enables us "to grow up unto church are appendages to this prieststrength, that has given me strength. Him who is the Head, even Christ,"hood"(D. & C. 107:5), and then again,

Sometime ago I had the pleasure how great is our responsibility in that God gave a revelation to the Prophet of reading a book by Doctor Wilgreat field that is already white and Joseph and told him this: "For I have

liam Dana Thompson who for many ready for the harvest. conferred upon you the keys and power

years was head of the Roosevelt HosGod help us to appreciate our opof the priesthood, wherein I restore all pital in New York. He is now dead. portunities and our responsibilities, I things, and make known unto you all

His book is entitled Brain and Personhumbly pray in the name of Jesus things in due time"(D. & C. 132:45).

ality, and in it he describes two fields Christ. Amen. And, yet, I am sure, my brethren, that

of the scientists, the field of the physiwe zealous and energetic laborers in cal, which he calls the field of the brain, the work of God are tempted at times field to to importance, he the the exaggerate of spiritual, whichand our own RUFUS K. HARDY fieldcalls personality. ambitions, the of the In one personal accomplish but we

of his chapters he refers to the life of Of the First Council of the Seventy should adopt the humble attitude of still "to see the glory of theHelen Keller. You who have read her Delivered at the Monday morning sesstanding

life will recall that as a child of ninesion of the 113th Annual Conference, Lord pass by"; this would accomplishteen months she was stricken with a April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle a great deal more. We grow despondvery serious malady which resulted in ent with what we think is delay, forher losing her hearing, her sight and, of am impressed, my brethren, today getting momentarily that since the very

course, she was not able to speak. The with the great gathering which is beginning of time God has planned and

whole world with all its loveliness was I here and which was here yesterday, wrought with patience, and has seen shut out of her life. When she was and I am thinking that perhaps there afar the very time in which we now find

seven years old, her father was perwill never come into the lives of men ourselves.

suaded by Alexander Bell, the great Let us remember that we are blessed telephone magnate, to take the child to with the choicest of God's gifts, the inan institute in Boston, which institute estimable calling in the Priesthood had adopted the method of lip reading which we ourselves hold; "that the

for the deaf. It was here that Helen rights of the priesthood are inseparably

came in contact with that splendid connected with the powers of heaven, woman, Miss Anne Sullivan, who was and that the powers of heaven cannot from then on to be Helen's tutor and be controlled nor handled only upon the companion. Doctor Thompson tells principles of righteousness"(D. & C.

how difficult it was to penetrate the 121:36).

darkness in which this child lived. He It is a revealing and marvelous thing

tells Sullivan, one Miss day how takthat brought has about the many God girl placto the ing the out pump, and in our that miracles see performed we glass ing in the hand, of her a palm this midst day.

pumped water in it until it overflowed, and as the water trickled down the When we consider the early sending child's arm, and as the child felt the forth of the Priesthood bearers and the sensation of the water, Miss Sullivan scattering of the membership of this had her place her hand on Miss SulliChurch and Priesthood, which then we van's lips as she repeated the word looked upon as a calamity, to the vari- "water,"and thus the child learned her ous parts of the earth, and the gatherfirst word. That was the beginning of ing of it all here and concentrating its

light coming into her soul, and Doctor executive power in this locality, and

Thompson tells of the little girl's having then to look at the beauty of our land it realize with was, to compared what little in pet her ecstasy and a pup how inviting, charmthat it has an become it takes she well to the and on pumping its little paw, tries to teach it the word RUFUS K. HARDY ing place, and behold these buildings,

"water,"but the pup only wags its tail. now in our midst, we must give fervent

Doctor Thompson then goes on to point that they may build a thing so perfect thanks to God. This surely is the land

land the of gave Joseph, which God beit constructed that the see out animal an pup was even who all that beginning in blessed the and of organization after the fashion of see could hear fore and a and us—Ias wespeaknow it enjoy might here came men who who to Presiaccording the here hand, speak, other Here, and on was Church. the

lend ear to that which God has ofwould this is every morning, another animal of the kingdom who dent McKay

It Christ. gospel the given us, of Jesus till the Priesthoods, neither see ficer could of the nor hear and up two

this time could not speak, yet, one reAaronic and the Melchizedek, repreis the only land, my brethren, which is mained only a pup while the other was sented in this building. surrounded on all sides by friends and

destined to become a great soul. The This Priesthood is referred to as "benot enemies, God's blessed land.

reason, says he, lies in the fact that the ing without father, without mother, Now, in this turmoil through which pup was just a dog while in this child and without descent, and has neither we are passing, we have a need, a great calling, to that thing which put to work there was of years."Each beginning of days or end

us, the Priesthood. given has calls ality he God spirit—personof God, calling, We with a peculiar of us is called an it—theimmortaloffspring

the Creator. each in his respective calling to do vastneed missionaries to teach these hunAs I read that interesting part of ly different things. Every appointment gry, eager people, strangers within our

Helen Keller's life, I thought what great and calling in the Priesthood is of such midst, something of the gospel, to let potential powers do we have as men importance that all of the time devoted them know how it came about and was holding the Priesthood of the living by each man to his designated sphere, restored, and why God's children are

God. We are not only the physical in close application to his work, will here doing what they are.

creation of Him, but we have within us not begin to encompass the greatness I am very sure that in our council, that immortal spirit that has come from and eternal decrees of God. the First Council of the Seventy, every

.

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING man is keenly alert to this situation. 7

Notwithstanding the two thousandodd who were baptized last year by our stake missionaries, we have not touched the surface.

God will bless us in this work if we will put our mind and attention to it, and I sincerely trust and hope and pray that this may be the case, and that we may recognize in this strained and trying condition that besets us the privileges which are ours now, and that will itsbe, for they were given by the Lord, Then *4S$ even as He says: "Wherefore, now let

every man learn his duty, and to act in isthe he office in which appointed, in TRY THESE INEXPENSIVE WAYS TO GIVE all diligence"C. 107:99). (D. &

I pray that God will give a keen IT SURE PROTECTION -AND BEAUTY TO BOOT desire to each man to serve in his own sphere to the best of his ability, that CAN YOUR PORCH that these on and FLOORSHis work may roll "TAKE IT"T STUCCO NEEDS MORE are oursblessings be given which may Hot sun and scuffing feet THAN A WATER PAINT are tough.'others, That's I do in the whichto name of whyDid that you know stucco Fuller developed differ- a Christ.Jesus Amen. (concrete brick, and too) ent for paint floors outdoor absorbs damaging moissteps. and Filled with ture it's unless waterwood-protecting oils real plus spar varnish. proofed? That's Fuller why oil an makes E. Goes gives a bright, resiston smoothly—to paint just do that THOMAS job. Costs more at finish! Choice ant of several shades. first; costs less looks per year; better at

FULLER PORCH AND DECK PAINT least twice as long! McKAY

Assistant to the Quorum of the Twelve FULLER CONCRETA

SHINGLES morning atDelivered the Monday OUT WHERE

Conference, l\3th Annual HITS sesNo—butAREN'T EVERLASTING!this bright, one- > WEATHERWATCH HARDESTsion of the

April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle coat finish adds years of -WINDOWS, DOORS, ETC.

service to old and new stick right They out where shingles, sidrough-sawed that opportunity is wonderful sun rain we a and their do.. ing, fences, lath houses worst! Fuller But together chemists of meeting brethren haveIT any -fast lumber. reds, Sun have produced Fultec gatherin great these twice a year greens, really colors. permanent roughblues—outdoor specially designed all to protect Trim—I thankful veryings. Personally, am exterior trim. house you'll more, What's FULLER RUSTIC SHINGLE FINISH & is strength It great privilege. afor the be single amazed a coat how brightens up

I brethren. associate with you... toto the outside whole me of one with Fuller's

love to meet with people and shake NO PAINT IS TOO GOOD modern, lasting colors!

hands with them. I have enjoyed meet- -WHEN YOU'RE

ing you leaders in the stakes of Zion PAINTING "OUTSIDE"FULTEC TRIM that I have had the privilege to visit, Naturally you want the getting better acquainted with you and longest lasting paint on CLIAHUP IDEAS FOR the sides of your house—A SHIPSHAPE HOME I the appreciate people.your good a goodlooking and job really boxes "sing"in Window blues, modern also comreceived, and I havewelcome for well! Here's reds, one wear yellows.—FULLER smartand both DECORET ENAMEL as V that has for the welcome youmend exterior quality Our highest house For cracks in nicks and walks, steps, walls a or rule for life. by as pure you given a lead white longer bybeen trick. ness.paint—with the does Permanent, speedy. Low- V thispriced, FULLER too.—to the peoSTUCCO PATCHER representing youcommittee FULLER PURE PREPARED PAINTple, especially the newcomers and the Outside doors looking shabby? Here's just

the finish for long outdoor wear. Stays come into as they members,backward V bright.—FULLERSPAR VARNISH at SCREENS tabernacles chapels or youryour

LOOKING shine faster this WORN? Windows modern way. No conferences.these stake

needed. spray Fuller's with spelittle rejuvenanot a Why I have In visiting your conferences V soapscial cleaner. soft with cloth, glass RubJust and

tion Fuller's with Screen shines instantly!—PULLER GLASS CLEANER the usually in the occasion,taken

rust; Enamel! Helps stop attention to call session, toPriesthood are for seams "suckers"moisture, clog screens. won't Just insects, dirt. This sealer stops 'em resting each one responsibility uponthe V all.Outside lightly. brush Inexpensive. on Lowright can paint over Youflexible

I conference. the offor it!—PIONEER ELASTIC the success WHITE CEMENT priced, green in or black.

have felt the need of the support, as I do this morning, of you brethren, of an DECORET SCREEN ENAMEL interest in your faith and prayers; and

I have suggested, and I hope I will not be presumptuous in suggesting now, that it is a good thing for every person present to offer up a silent prayer for those who are called upon to speak.

I know each one will be strengthened by so doing; it will help you to concentrate and keep your mind upon the

things that are being said, and I am sure the speakers will be benefited. I

am a firm believer in the power of pray- (Continued on page 370)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING

life gets dark So and dreary, when L. at his Richard broadcast Evans a E. McKAY THOMAS forget pray. to Don't 28th, Sunday, also ago week and March page (Continued [com 369) will is a of the want copy Life you I am sure already for dreary dark and

er. I love to think of and repeat the many families whose sons have been timely remarks that were given by him

first verse of the song: reported "killed or missing in action"yesterday on the increasing use of

Ere you left your room this morning, and I fear it will be "dark and dreary"profanity. In fact all of his sermons are

Did you think to pray? for many, many more before this terworth listening to and reading.

In the name of Christ, our Savior, rible war is over, so, please, "don't Yes, I believe in prayer, and I have

Did you sue for loving favor, forget to pray."always been grateful when those who

As a shield today? Speaking of prayer, I should like to are called upon to pray remember our

Oh how praying rests the weary! recommend to all here that they get the members in wartorn countries. Our

Prayer will change the night to day: sermonette that was given by Brother brothers and sisters appreciate these

DoubleDuty Spray Kills SPECIAL OIL CUTS WEAR ON

Barnyard Fly Maggots OVERWORKED EQUIPMENT With machines working overtime to take up the slack caused by labor shortages, you need the protection of RPM Heavy Duty Motor Oil as extra insurance against breakdowns. It's a "work horse"lubricant, especially designed to do its

wearsaving job under the tough loads piled on trucks and tractors.

Used in Diesel, gasoline and butane engines, RPM Heavy Duty MoSimple Rack Keeps

Diesel Fuel Clean To get rid of that pesky horde of This easyto-build rack may save you barnyard flies, spray refuse (but not the cost and delay of replacing hardfertilizer) piles and other breeding toget injectors. You can build it

places with Standard Poultry House with a few lengths of 2x4, and a

Spray. Saturate thoroughly, repeat handful of nails or a few long bolts.

frequently. Standard Diesel Fuel comes to you

dePoultry Spray Standard House grit against guard 100% clean—to just stroys it does fly maggots the way nozzles. injector enlarging Keeping

mites, lice, and fleas in your poultry house. Just clean your poultry house,

and spray floors, walls, and dropping boards. Standard Poultry House tor Oil contains special compounds Spray kills on contact—and stays that keep engines clean, prevent ring

active days. mixing, for No messy resist of sticking, formation carbon

stirring, or ready measuring it comes it stick to hot and sludge, and make to use. is greatest. engine spots wear where

You can't afford to depend on orFree Charts for dinaryand tractorsoils arenow,buckingwhen theyourbigtrucksjobs.

Tractor Lubrication RPM Heavy Duty Motor Oil—refined to make heavy loads easier on

Just off the press, Standard's new it clean is up to you. Store fuel engines—-will save you many dollars

tractor lubrication charts. Diagrams drums as shown in diagram. Keep on overhauls and lost time.

fitting every grease on your show use. in not capped nozzle hose when

tractor, lubricant specify use. to Save

carefuel tank engine cap of Dust time, right. wear, save do the job Get

one of these FREE charts now. Ask fully before removing.

your Standard of California repreUse extrapower, cleanburning sentative. Standard Diesel Fuel—and keep

it as pure as it comes to you. You'll be relonger "with FREE TRUCK SERVICE warded

life. Diesel engine

Ask your local Standard Man about 'Awarded to

It's free Service. Fleet simple, record a allotments gasoline can have Farmers CALIFORNIA OF adSTANDARD

perfect assures that chart system and conditions warrant, justed changing when Refinery Richmond toInvestigate trucks. for lubrication says through your the Apply County ODT.

day, there's no charge. Farm Transportation Committee.

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY MORNING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

prayers; they appreciate what the presiher bed for years. Returning that night

dency of the Church is doing for them in from Lausanne to Zurich, our headfinancial ways as well as being rememquarters, I must confess that I was worbered in their prayers. There is seldom ried because of the promise that we had

a letter that I receive from the presiding made. She had so much faith, as did

brethren in those missions that does not also her family, and I was afraid if that express appreciation for the prayers of promise was not fulfilled it might shatthe Saints here in Zion. These letters are ter that faith. I prayed humbly that the

getting fewer and farther between; it Lord would make that promise good,

is getting increasingly more difficult to and again before retiring that night I receive letters; in fact from the Netherprayed and I continued to pray. A few

lands, the German, and the Czechomonths following that conference in slovakian Missions, we have not heard Lausanne I was released to come home. See Your Agent

anything since the United States enAbout two years later I was in the antered the war. Up until a month or so nex of the temple preparing to go for TIPS that

through, to hear lady occasionally did a up ago came from when me we TRIPS IMPROVE in hers of and grasped both hand SwitzerFrance Belgium and by my way of

', said: land. Frere past Frere and weeks, however, few The "Oh McKay, McAvoid heavy crowds * and have a better

the letters Brother Switzerland even from have Kay"(Brother McKay, Mctrip by traveling in midweek instead of stopped coming and reKay). our letters same It was the young sister

turned, marked: "Service suspended; completely restored to her health; and weekends. See your bus agent—in adnow to show her appreciation to our vance. Buy tickets early. Travel light

for the restoration Father Heavenly of and be on time—it's a patriotic dutyl her health she is devoting as much time

as she possibly can in doing temple work. She was the one who delivered

to me the good news from Paris that our members there are still holding their meetings. Her sister is living in Paris.

and the letter stated that our few members there gather in her home and hold theirWemeetings.also had a very interesting letunion pacific

ter from Switzerland, not to me directly, but to friends from some of my STAGES Zurich. Relief splendid Society A very

conference was held. About one hun- r BUY U.S. WAR BONDS dred women were present. We have a

photograph of them, and are having it printed in the Relief Society Magazine.

They all look happy, but in that letter it that stated thousands was of people in of the some neighboring to You Can't countries

Switzerland are dying.

a very interesting Always Plan We also received letter, from Aleppo, Syria. I think a lot

of it, and I know it took the brother the Future by

THOMAS E. McKAY hours to write it in English; it was

mailed November 13, 1942, and was the Past return to sender."We still hear regureceived March 17, 1943. I quote it as

larly from Sweden and once in a while written

Just because haven't you via Swefrom Denmark and Norway all Saints I and that happy much we fire is hear had a reason no received den. The last word that we from able and to Presiyou to answer our

from France came from Paris, not to dent our condition in this war time that is why you won't. Don't

me directly, but through a member who Heavenly Father's grace thank to the Lord, judge the future by the received a letter by way of Geneva and that He is keeping us true to His earthly past.

then reported to me. guides.

I should like to take time to make I send three months'report of the branch, Fire is a constant mento ready send we making our yearly ace and may visit you any this of reference to my meeting memandreports.. can our conditions You know from day. presidto 1912, 1909 I was ber. From reports. Relief Society and meetMutual

ing over the SwissGerman Mission. ings start Oct. 1st. Nearly two months was Insure your property toFrance at that time belonged to this vacations. day and be protected

mission; in fact, we have five missions We are much thirsty to hear from you against loss.

all the time if possible. helps That us so only one had where we now then. We

All much. are fine members praying and to Better get your policy splendid just conference in held a had

dear to bless prophet and improve his while you can. district. for the French Lausanne After ourhealth his this to guide in people dark days. session, the concluding were invited we Give our best wishes to missionaries who

to family the one of where a home was are in this continent. the pray to We

girl, just in beautiful very ill, a her to strengthen guides, presiour Church our Lord Utah Home Fire teens, always cheerful and full of faith; dents, members, and all honest in heart.

Co. earnestly fervently Insurance desired and most we

I just read a brief statement May her. to the help prayer with had We Co., Heber J. Grant & last letter the from received from the her, family administered to then and GENERAL Swedish AGENTS Mission? in that administration and we promised

Utah Lake City, her that she She had would get well. The work in the mission started with re-, Salt

tuberculosis and had been confined to (Continued on page 372).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY AFTERNOON

often, hear a disoccasionally but we E. McKAY THOMAS

is couraging note sounded—everybody page 371) (Continued from earning money, working busy now, and

newed vigor by all the organizations with we do not see the necessity for followthis unity the of month. commencement The plantthe brethren of ing the advice and I.IPPMMN willingoffer the especially and good was ing crops, the taking the Priesthood in living constant great. cost ness was The 8, June Walter Lippmann ON I will lead. the give they money, M If prices the rising. We the of compares one will HkiT deliver the at the address I say. brethren have hope it is you who 1935, of those of 1942 with summer University of Utah commencethis fish will at attitude that increased an average that remember has found we exercises. this ment To columnist, read regufruit stuffs root of and meat 125%, 95%, thirtytwo of thousands members have larly in the Salt Tribune, Sunday Lake comes dairy groceries bread 41%, 54%. 109%, sisters, this brothers our our Church, and of recognition the added intellectual

flour and margarin products, and eggs 38% poise which the countries, just has in in these wartorn him conspicuous made in this increase Altogether an makes 25%. the of columnists these times. among Im- I see alone. missions to hope European heat to respect provisions of With 63%. personal to nonpartisan, with and axe no soon, that the day, can and when we it will that etc., light, clothes, be found and to grind no is spleen and outhumor, he an over to carry the use wheat bombers before living since immediately cost the of standing commentator foreign both on and there, inclothing, other has foods in September, 1939, and and out the broke war issues domestic is complications. and He

risen about will come, 40%. time stead of bombs. That of carefully the one writers chosen help who

it is it the donations not does and the when Salt Sunday make Tribune Lake source a favorable received very have They of information accurate will the that needy, feed of opinion and sound money leading papers in of the reports two in current the scene. the brethren; eat cannot they money the in are published Stockholm. These

it wilt food, because they nor can buy the Fields headlines, and "Training if the there, they not had even be "Christian Salt at CoLake,"Barracks it is that food remember money. So operation,"Cen- "Seventy Welfare will need. to comes This they remark

arthe president says ters."the Then

it I faclosing; in will give me, and my id.. ticle throughout. Also well written was 7fa it us ther use often with to occasion had leading another the Dagbladet, Svenska is conducting the of boys. boys One these headdaily paper, had Stockholm I think the exercises today, and my x:i>lAMERICA in a Utah, Reings—"The Mormons

it just as often father as him used on ligious also Cooperative OrSect but a if brothers, other the three did he on... of BrigPupils. ganization,". "The the society... gardens VICTORY armed complain oftener. would we When

...... art of not services in theater. the movies. Pioneers the Domain Young, ham basecould play not because a little we...... sports services books... church.. new Affairs Welfare Work."and School fishing ball or Sunday, perhaps on go..... airplanes model also article and good very This was us, talk genwith would he and would

closed: All Salt these are America. The Sunday this erally with: end up "Remember

carefully edited Tribune's departments Lake their their Church, and Mormons, is the The counsel path boys, of 'The of constitute coverage "path magazine news and called all are activities, of sometimes which safety.'of all interests in hobbies which members and is it is there to fact that but a much humbug, all to help us remember God join. May of of the family the Within the pages of education, the in domain on study Utah

all that, the sections five of their Salt and commandments keep major Lake Sunday activities, industry, the cosocial and the is for there pleasure this persons reading Tribune in that joy of have God, may we operation.

interests. all of life life in to the exaltation come, and

Of course we receive letters regularly I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

from the British Mission. Their annual Amen.

report for 1942 shows:

of 6491, branches number Membership, of to 75, increased number from 71 branch MONDAY AFTERNOON

Relief Societies from 46 to 51, Sunday

Schools from 53 to 62. The M.I.A., BeeSESSION

hive and Primary organizations made progress during the year... 51 baptisms, slight

decrease; 52 deaths, increase of 20. Other JOSEPH F. MERRILL

statistics remain about the same as the year (Continued from page 340) "ONE OF the guiding principles of The Salt 1941. Harvest Festivals, Union Meetings,

Lake Tribune is to offer the news in such Priesthood activities, Branch Reunions, cotthat), I feel that we are obligated, abdistrict other branch and and tage meetings reason governs, solutely that fashion a child of tender years may read obligated—if

previous activities than greater been have contamination."it without This inviolable if going to act rationally, if we we are

rule is one to which every employe of the year. are going to be true to our convictions

to merciful kind has been and Lord The Salt Tribune subscribes. This newsLake it, live live it; and do we if we—to hardBritish in the Mission. is no us There in in paper demonstrates every column, us, all of missionaries, one every are far as as ship our members it among is we to that department, possible every preare I think time. all the our boys who alblessed, been have homes all know. the sent Our in such day's news a manner

that every member of the family may read though two families have suffered from in the armed services to the extent of and enjoy it without fear of objectionable enemy action in losing some of their belongtwenty thousand or more from this material or treatment. This newspaper ings. Their lives have been miraculously Church, particularly those who have rejealously guards this trust with its readers. preserved. turned from foreign missions for the

Church, are finding every day of their

In the British Mission they are doing lives an opportunity to preach this gos- a very splendid missionary work. They pel in a way, and perhaps a more efhave had ninetytwo fulltime missionfective way, and to greater numbers

aries since the beginning of the war, than they have ever had before. There

parttime nearly four hundred and misis in there one one a company here and sionaries sisters ), most of them (many if live as they of hundreds, they and seventyfive of in the them working tt if will true taught, |ukt have they be been >$tn branches. for testimonies, influence their their to

delivTRIBUNE, SALT THE LAKE SUNDAY I brethren, sometimes, think when will great. certainly be very good And either Salt the daily with ered Tribune Lake

listening of to the reports Welfare their their influence perhaps examand is the Salt West's or daily Telegram, Lake > greatest newspaper buy, costing workers in our Welfare meetings at the ple will be more effective in inviting inquarterly conferences—not so very (Continued on page 374) each Sunday only.... Jm

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

': 'r:mim

liayin'high, wide and handsome jam mm

There's a big job ahead of the good land Oliver 60, so easy to handle, so economical and sturdy American farmers—the job of keepto use, so packed with power, so sturdy in

ing the armed forces and Allied peoples fed resisting wear; and the sturdy mowers, rakes,

while the big push to end the Axis hits its and other Oliver quality farm machines.

stride.

If you can get by with your present equipeffort. your Check SelfDump The Oliver

"Bridge Truss"frame other machines Rake with Itingmeansmore plowingcrops, feedingmore, plantingmore stockmore,in growspite ment,tractor,you'llmower,help rake,the warand ment—aof the shortagelack dueof tohelptheandothernewwarfarmdemandsequipyou'llyou needbe usingto keeprightthemaway.going.OrderThatanyreleasesparts

for steel and iron. new machinery for those who just can't fix

their old tools.

Oliver is building all the sturdy tractors, hay tools farm it possibly machines and other to can But place your order have if you NOW to getting dealers as and them fast as war to in the have do your part new equipment shipping conditions permit. battle of Food Production. Try to get Oliver

equipment if you can. No land should be

There won't be enough to fill all the demands left idle that we can team up to get into food production. The

has manyOliveroutstandingSide DeliveryfeaturesRake for these favorites of American farmers—the

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

OGDEN, UTAH UTAH BRANCHES IDAHO Ogden Tremonton Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley, Idaho Falls,

Rexburg, Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY AFTERNOON

JOSEPH F. MERRILL

{Continued from page 372) quiries and in leading to investigation than they have ever been in the mission field.

But now, brethren, may I say that while we are obligated to live worthily Don't Wait we must not feel that it is an easy thing to do. Why is it not easy? Because

we inherit weaknesses; we are living in

a sinful world; we are powerfully influenced by our environment; and the Us temptations of the evil one all impose handicaps. And the evil one—Satan

to us is not a mere name, as it is to a very great majority of our Father's children here in mortality to whom the is a term Satan, devil, the word Lubricate! word

evil, and everybody that personifies knows there is evil in the world. But

The most important item in car care is lubrication—proper to us Satan, or the devil, is the name of

lubrication. Don't neglect it, even though you're using your anda realheperson,is herea onmanearth,with casta spiritout body,from

helpof myriad a he has And car less. heaven. in spirit beings human other ers who are

form, and they are here to bring sin,

Here's a safe rule to follow these days: Let your Pep 88Vico sorrow,structiondistress,into theandworld;suffering,and theyand deare

1 are, Saints it. the Wherever doing service man give your car a complete Specialized LubricaIf to be also. will try devil the think

tion job and oil change every six to eight weeks regardless he can overcome the Saints, he has all of mileage. This will assure fresh, uncontaminated lubrithewithworld.the aid Heof experiencedis trying in helpersevery wayand

has, to intelligence he to the cants in every vital part of your car at all times. according influences Satanic Saints. overcome the

are likely to tempt us more or less every day, and in respects where we are for us to resist. it hard making weak MeanwhileWALK TO CHURCH I feel, bound, brethren, we are But, my

overcome, to to resist, our testimony and save your tires and gasoline for by

If do that, we to live as we profess.

essential wartime transportation we will inspire confidence, we will inspire respect among all of those whom hesitathere be no contact. So let we

drive salvage the Join Government: Your Help efin our excuses faltering, no tion, no

local... proper the to collect and turn in temptations. overcome to forts

metal, rubold scrap all your organizations weakweaknesses. of What I spoke 35—under etc. Drive grease, ber, rags,

I of them. inherit? Many nesses do we car. United War your Buy share a inherit us all of will one name is Oil Stamps. Bonds and ammunition—UseStates less or greater toWe IM p| amount—selfishness.that it wisely. or slipping for a excuse find all an may

failure, if we try hard enough. And we

exfor selfishness, excuse find an UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY STATIONS can "Charity bewords: in these pressed

and Dealers in Its Products gins at home."Yes, of course, charity

begins at home; we take that for

granted. Accordingly, I think of myself; I take care of myself before I think

of you or do anything about helping you. I have heard time and time again AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL from representatives of the general

SINCE 1853 Welfare committee of the Church attending our conferences that one of the objectives of that great plan is to help

But, selfishness. our us overcome there's a reasontes- of our I reason repeat, by brethren, LEVI'S

of this we divinity work the of timony like LEVrS! others FIT No

are obligated, if we are honest, if we are rational, if we are reasonable, if we are true, we are obligated to live acLEVI JTPAUIS A NEW PAIR FREE cording to our professions, to our teachIF THEY RIP ings. That obligation rests heavily upon

all of us because we are leaders in the scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS Church, leaders in the stakes and wards and quorums and branches of the

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY AFTERNOON

Church. We must try so to live that cism throttled, if not tied. It is particuin the sight of our Heavenly Father at larly important that we be careful of our

any rate we are free from justifiable personal conduct, avoiding insofar as complaint and criticism due to our conpossible the very appearance of evil, duct. We must not yield to temptafor Satan, the liar and deceiver, is ever

tions for wrongdoing. Whatever the alert to use every excuse to inspire

influence, whatever the temptation, criticism among our Father's children.

whatever the circumstances, we must Brethren, may the Lord help us to be stand true so that our lives will be as worthy of His blessings, and may we lights upon a hill. Now the Lord has stand true and faithful to our testiAlways Out

given each of us, I think, a will power monies, to our teachings, to our obligagreat enough, if used with His help, to tions, that the Lord may use us to the live acceptably. But we must have His extent of our abilities to promote His I

help. We can get His help if we seek work among our fellows, I pray in the

it worthily and persistently. But if we name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

do not seek it, can we get it? There is

no promise. In His great sermon on the STEPHEN L RICHARDS

mount, Jesus said: "Ask, and it shall

be given you; seek, and ye shall find; (Concluded from page 338)

knock, and it shall be opened unto you"personal power that would go out to (Matt. 7:7). But suppose we do none the far corners of this earth and subof those things? Then what are we stantiate every doctrine that we teach

promised? There is no promise at all. and make an impression that could not

Seek the Lord is what we are combe denied.

manded to do; seek Him worthily; seek That is why individual life and living

Him in everything we have to do to mean so much in the work that we seek get the strength, the courage, and the to carry forward. Whenever our lives

will to live as we teach, and to meet become inconsistent with our doctrine /VLTHOUGH wartime restricour responsibilities as they have been and our professions, that vitiates our tions have curtailed many of the placed upon our shoulders in the posiinfluence, and every man of this Priestservices which we would like to of not does have the strength whotions that all accepted along hood have we continue to offer you, and rationlive to according to the law character in the organization setupthe way and of the Church. which he knows to be right retards the ing does not permit the wide variof the establishment of past, ety in of foods the served and work God we

I feel that brethren, any man Now, kingdom. His to that the you want we know responsibility of position a acceptswho

is this of brethren, con- a day My tradition to Utah'sin this of himself hospiHotel has not only Church greatest highest secration the to and as live the trythink to about Lord and is in tality evidence. very much life. in that ever things have known we live in private the as a have himwould will everything within our do It is give We soldier our a boys day when responsibility but the has heChurch,

lives, their their service themselves, and to welcome! power you make his the after shoulders of lookingupon

if be, the preservation to of the need is of others, thatwelfare respon- a and received that heritage from have wesibility this that before everyone me it is country, a founders the our of and responsibilityafternoon of has—the the of needs must Church day when we after thelooking of welfare those who

its great misto rededicate ourselves hisare to charge. ofcommitted You

if will sion. will victory bring we Godficers of Priesthood reare quorums

I cause. great the to ourselves lend pray for activitiessponsible the everyand

Spirit guide to that His have may wething that to help you them. can do Christ. in of the always, us Jesus name

I say, this to connection In want however, that while no officer can be Amen.

responsibility torelieved of his do his GEORGE F. RICHARDS to his care, yet committed to thoseduty

failure to do so does not justify the [Continued from page 337) members of his charge in their failure stakes and wards of Zion, and possibly to live according to the teachings and in the mission fields, there are not a standards of the Church. Each individnumber of men who are not needed in

ual will be judged according to his the service of their country, and women works. No one can justifv his failures also, who could go upon missions for

by accusing another of dereliction of short terms. These will usually be men

duty. Each man has his free agencv. and women of experience, and I think

He may serve the Lord or otherwise as we could get a number of them if we he chooses. And while officers are would like, and I feel we would have

dutybound bv their official responsibil- a forceful corps of missionaries in the ities, so also are individuals obligated missions of the United States if we by their opportunities. The misdeeds were to adopt more fully this plan.

of another cannot justify me in wrong- I remember a number of years ago doing. Careless adults among us should when the President of the Church

look within rather than without for the called upon the people for volunteers causes of their indifference. for this kind of work. One of my sons

Yet I want to make this point: you who had ten or fifteen men working for

and I can help the cause of righteoushim in his business, volunteered his ness very materially, every one of us, services and turned his business over if we will live as we teach, as we proto one of his employees and went out fess. lights lives will as our be Then field for six into the mission months DirectorUTAH Maruging and JheGUY HOTELTOOMBES,

hill, seeing others our andupon a good that service, at and performed yeoman Salt Lake Gty crititheir will ofworks tongues have (Continued on 376) page

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY AFTERNOON

GEORGE F. RICHARDS

(Continued from page 375) time I think there were quite a number who responded to the call. I have not

heard that the President of the Church has withdrawn the invitation to members of the Church to engage in that kind of service.

I had the honor during World War I of presiding over the European

Mission. During that period missionaries had to come home. In the British

Mission we were reduced at one time to seven missionaries from home. We

found there women doing men's work as they are doing todav, and we concluded that if they could do men's work outside of religious labor, they could do men's work as missionaries, and so we called women folk. We had as many

as three hundred seventyfive lady missionaries laboring in Great Britain at one time, and we called young men, who were not old enough to bear arms, into the ministry with the promise that if they filled two year's mission faithfully and desired to come to Zion, their fares would be paid the same as misthe into sionaries Zion came from who Signs of Peace field. I left mission that mission When

field, as I remember, we had twentypresiding ies, service parttime giving—and you'll want to be there! three local men laboring, men of famildistricts, wonderful and a over work

was accomplished. The tithing during

Britain in that three years nearly I was if Peace brings What promptly synthetic acts added new cars "magnetlike"—to

itself, the baptisms nearly and doubled You'll or not? to get be yearning direct to precious inner attach oilplating away

from headlines—rations—hours of volunparts. Much like body parts plated against were almost as many as when we had

teer war work... to get around again with atmospheric corrosion, the cylinders, rings, seventy missionaries from Zion laboryour weary, happy soldier boy—home at bearings and other parts now hard to reing in that country. While this was

last. And with driving restricted now, your place are oilplated against internal acid going on in Great Britain, a similar

car should have plenty of miles left, just corrosion. The closesurfaced oilplating work was being done in Germany under

so you're not tossing them away these that combats acid while the car stands, the presidency of Angus J. Cannon, and

days, by halfruining your engine with acid. will help your essential transportation toin the Scandinavian countries under the

That's no "new scare."You never yet day. And may a happier tomorrow see presidency of Brother Christiansen. It

stopped any auto engine without acid you right off quick on your wellearned can be done today, I think. I think

products of combustion trapped inside. Victory tour! Change to Conoco N'A oil Brother Clawson said on one occasion,

But formerly, the frequent fast driving now. Continental Oil Company speaking about the work that was done

that fully heated the engine kept expelling in those countries during the war, it acid. So the hazard was mild compared to was only because there was a war on, what it is today, when acid works while CONOCO otherwise it could not have been acyour rationed engine rests. complished. If that is the case, we have

One great recognized precaution against a war on now and the conditions are this is to oilplate your engine by changvery similar, and I believe it can be ing to Conoco Ni motor oil. Its special MOTOR OIL worked out.

Here at home in this stake missionary work I do not know whether these brethren are all aware that we have had more conversions in the stakes of

V < T 1i Tl Zion,the pastaccordingfew yearsto ourthanstatistics,we haveduringhad

Biography at its best in the mission field. There are people

here to be converted, and it shows

missionaries. IN THE GOSPEL NET something of the activity of these stake

I want to say that in the Liberty

John A. Widtsoe's story of a courageous mother Stake I have a daughter laboring as

—in many ways the story of all mothers a stake missionary. She is 58 years of

her associate age, a grandmother, and Handsomely bound and illustrated—$1.25 in as old. that almost work is a lady

; An Improvement50 North MainEra publicationSt. Presidentmission, informsMerz, theme thatpresidentshe isofdoingthat

Salt Lake City, Utah a good work. So why not have some

of our elderly sisters called, who can

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY AFTERNOON THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

be spared, and engage in this work? I

think this is one way in which we can offset, perhaps, the disadvantages that come through this world war.

And now as a ministry are we doing our full of stakes, duty—presidents

bishops of hood—are wewards,seeingquorumsto it, ofas Priestfar as

we have influence and authority, that those over whom we are presiding, are doing their duty? Brethren, I know that

this work in which we are engaged is

God's work. I am sure it will endure

forever. No power can prevent its accomplishing its purpose, although it

may be hindered temporarily. It is

bound to succeed, and truth is bound to triumph over error, and right over wrong. I know that God is at the helm,

that He is our Eternal Father, that He salvadesires that us,loves our He "Our Farms is us,tion, glad to use weak and He though we are, in the accomplishmentof that work. Must Be Saved!"

calling, brethren, see your For ye how SAMUEL 0. BENNION Dairy farmers of Cache Valley

afterthat the flesh, not not wise men many proruin. facing were They were are called: mighty, not many noble,many

could they milk than the foolish things have been fed with the bread of life. I ducing more chosen But God hath

of the world to confound the wise; and God can see great strength and power growprofitably sell in their locality.

ing in conferevery the with to of the the things Church worldhath chosen weak to realized they have would They things are the I which mighty;confound I notice also in that attend ence and unless they could dairying give up things things of the world, base and And Zion, the stakes of improve- a marked

for milk. additional markets despised, hath are chosen,which God to there yea, ment. be find seems Everywhere

not, to bring things are which to noughtand style, pioneer In typical Utah the the paid to work of more attention are:things that

That no flesh should glory in his presence. Lord. they got together to devise ways

(I Corinthians 1:2629) The attendance at stake conferences and means to save their farms and

is not so large as I would like to see, herds. Under the leadership of

Weak as we are, with the help of the but undoubtedly that will come back such men as Marriner W. Merrill,

purposes. accomplish can HisLord we restrictions travel are removed when pioneer and and apostle, James W. aid. nothing without can His itself do presents opportunity the andWe Hendricks, prominent churchman ".. disciples, to His. Withat-He said to for the people as whole a again

out me ye can do nothing"( John 15:5). tend these gatherings. and farmer, they formed a company

of the for building operation andI stronger that are not do any know we to the there added Yesterday was plant. Ninetyan evaporated milk disciplesas the ministry a than were the of prophets of the and books of words

people, Valley mostly Cache twoChrist, could without nothing do who great plan the in chapter another Lord

His help, but with His help mighty of God, when the sermon of President residents, subscribed for stock in works may be accomplished. It is a Grant, read by President David O. Mcthe venture.

great honor and blessing to us, I say, Kay, was delivered to this conference. That was in 1903. Next year,

to receive this Priesthood and authority, That was one of the most outstanding after discouraging setbacks, the to the withand be privileged Lord work I strength spiritual that of evidences plant completed in operaand was salvationfor the blessing of manand I time. in thought long witnessed a have tion. the This of beginning waskind. his has of President Grant worn who the in the milk industry evaporated that us help the Lord may we May I yet with hard out work; and body region. the intermountain It saved untiring thatbe work, in our may we I the in anything not think read have

not lie down on the job, but that we prophets that was more penetrating day for dairy farmers of Cache may be valiant in the covenants which and more fully alive as to the obligaValley.

we have made with Him in faithfulness, tions of the human family and the memShortly after it was established and earn for ourselves eternal life in bership of the Church than that sermon. this pioneer evaporated milk comHis kingdom, I pray in the name of this other glad that and I am so Milk. inpany its product named Sego

Jesus Christ. Amen. that printed are to be addresses spired Milk, Today this brand of Utah

we may be able to read them and pass improved in many ways including will world. to the There come on enrichment with sunshine vitamin will they a time be placed when

by irradiation, in D will future generations have SAMUEL O. thembooks, and

them to read because they came from is used all over the BENNION God. That sermon came from our Eterwest in many thouOf the First Council of the Seventy nal Father, that is my witness unto you sands of homes for

this afternoon.

There never was a time in my experievery milk andDelivered at the Monday afternoon ses sion of the 113th Annual Conference, ence, I think, when it was more opcream need.

April 5, 1943, in the Tabernacle portune for us to do missionary work SEGO MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY than at the present time. I have rememOriginators of Evaporated Milk in the

have been delighted, my brethren, bered all my life that little children, as Intermountain West

I toencebe andin attendanceto have beenat ablethis conferto parwellpray asforoldertheones,missionaries,have been thattaughttheyto Richmond, Utah—PlantsPrestonin and Buhl, Idaho

take of the spirit of the occasion. We (Continued on page 378)

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY AFTERNOON

I sacrifice. thing to us comes by SOLUTION TO MAY PUZZLE SAMUEL O. BENNION good

it since; for thinking been of have

(Continued from page 377) a long while I have been thinking of might be able to seek and find those these young men. We already know

who were honest in their hearts. Today that some of them are not coming back

we have them coming into our midst by to us, and we have reasonable assurthe hundreds. I do not know, and feel ance that others of them will not. I

sure they do not realize, just why they have been trying to work out some way have come here, but among them will be found many who will be led to investigate the gospel, and perhaps many of them will be baptized. It was only

yesterday that I had the pleasure of riding with an officer at a nearby camp who is living in the city with a family of

Saints. He said to me, "You know,

when this war is over, and I am permitted to come back, I am going to move to Salt Lake City. I want to

bring my wife here; I want to finish my

time here in this country among this people."I am sure an influence for good is being felt. The strength of this Church,

brethren, does not rest upon the number of people in the Church, nor in the educational stand that it occupies, nor in its wealth; but is vested in the quality

of its membership and in the individual testimony of its members. The desire

to give of themselves for the good of others, to think and speak without fear, under the direction and power of God, and to live as they feel they should live, setting the right kind of example—this ANTOINE R. IVINS

is the strength of the Church. Its members are proud to declare their position to determine what makes a full and

before the world. There is the power complete life for a man, and I find it a

of God in this earth among His sons difficult thing to measure. Some of us

and His daughters, and its influence will live a long, long while, and some of us felt. It will be the thing that will not so long. Some of us whose life endssruivie dSriae.. be

prepare the world for the coming of early may perchance render a greater our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. This service to our fellows than those who

power and testimony will prepare the live longer.

is this to people for in the the meet stock Him, We have will read back if we We remember earth. of Church and Kingdom on God stasmartest wedding new that there have through our history I to in bear this testimony the you, name

tionery ever to carry a of Jesus Christ. Amen. been some very important sacrifices required at the hands of people of this

prospective bride's happy Church in this dispensation. I rememreading that ber Lord saw fit when the message..., Many

of to organize ANTOINE R. the Council the Twelve

styles to select from.... IVINS andChurch,the Councilthat beforeof thedoingSeventyso Hein hadthe

New and sparkling type Of the First Council of the Seventy Camp,organizeda servicewhat waswhichknownasked asof Zion'severy faces.... Prices modit in place that the he should upon at Delivered sesman afternoon the Monday

It if life. sacrifice, required, altar his of erate. sion 113th Conference, Annual of the

is that of true most went the men who in 5, April 1943, the Tabernacle trip that returned. few out on Some

Prompt, courteous attenbrethren: I crave an interest in however did not. They died of sicktion to all orders. Call in your faith and prayers for the ness, not in actual combat. You will MY in that vision the Prophet short time stand beremember that I may person or write. it glorireported as saw their state and this that afternoon. I hope fore you

ous. that organized group was Out of I that helpthought some drop may be

of the Council the first and Twelve I the us, I feel ful to otherwise some of would be a trespasser in occupying quorum of seventy, and the second your time. quorum of seventy in the Church, tried,

There have been many references true men, every one, men who had oflives brethren. for their fered their to during this our conference Jhe *JJe5erel>e5ere\ tfeu/6 ftreid made sacrifice this not reFortunately was relaand friends and many brothers

29 Richards Street tives who are wearing the uniform of quired of them.

their country, we think, in the defense The Prophet Joseph Smith likewise,

Salt Lake City, Utah of a very righteous principle. I heard knowing full well what he was walk-

a talk the other night by a prominent ing into, gave his life for the testimony i ii tm m * man, the theme of which was, every that he had of this glorious work.

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY AFTERNOON THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

Now we have out representing us nation of this conflict on the side of JOSEPH F. SMITH

thousands of young men, some of whom justice and honor.

have a strong and virile testimony of We believe, we know, that the prin- (Concluded from page 342) the truth, and have been engaged in ciples that we defend are those of rightness to help people understand their teaching peace to the world. The couneous government inspired by God, and own reactions. It is so easy to do the

try now has called for their service and I hope that those of us who suffer in this other fellow's thinking for him; it is so

they go gladly and willingly in the spirit great conflict may gain some comfort easy for me to think because I am not of sacrifice. Not one of them is going in this thought. doing what is right the other fellow is

out as an adventurer, but is going in We are proud that we have in the trying to pass me up. The greatest kindresponse to a call from properly conseventies'quorums many representaness that this body of Priesthood, and

stituted authority. Many of them may tives among this group. We are so the Priesthood wherever it may be, can

have their lives cut off prematurely, proud of them that we refuse to allow give to the world is, first of all, courafrom our point of view, without having those who are presidents in our quogeously to set an unwavering example gained the blessings which come rums to be released from their responof righteousness; and second, to bear

through marriage and fatherhood and sibility for the simple reason that they testimony to the truth. There is no

other blessings that might come their are going into the service. We would greater kindness which this people can

way. I feel, brethren, that these young like all of our stake presidents to take give to the world.

men who make this sacrfice will gain a notice that that is our sentiment, and blessing which will compensate them unless there be some other reason, that Brethren, we should take the Church in every respect for everything that they do not recommend to us the reof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints as they may lose. I feel too that if some lease of the president of a seventy's an international power more seriously.

of them gather up some habits which quorum because he puts on the uniform I promise you that there shall be no problems: various to our we that their not approve, perchance his of country. thatwe do he will solution We feel the wise shall continue to see men of thelife's it, blood out the stain of will wipe better representative be a of the Church

and that God will take into account and that he will have a stronger anchor world confounded and their wisdom betheir wonderful sacrifice. No man can if we retain him in his position of trust come foolishness, because they suppose

do more than offer his life for his feland honor. they know of themselves; we shall see

lows. Life is the most precious gift of I pray that those boys may have the no solution to our problems until the

man, and it is the greatest gift that can safeguard which comes from your conworld starts to accept the Christ in be offered in sacrifice. tinual prayers in their behalf, that the deed, not in lip service; and it is your

If I had a son in this service, I think absolute minimum of sacrifice may be responsibility and my responsibility as of Christ of the Jesus Churchthat thought be a great would comfort required at their hands. God members When

this that to see Saints of Latterdayto me, the greatest that he was making into to sacrisent Abraham the mount sacrifice within his power for me and fice his son, he did not require it, and word is spread by example as well as for you, for his brothers and sisters and Abraham headed a large family of Isby precept.

for the generations of men unborn; for rael, and from these men of whom this God grant that we shall see our job,

we believe, brethren, that this is a consacrifice is not required may come our that we will not take our responsibility flict between two ideals of government, rulers, our officers of the future. I pray so lightly that we will look upon neglione coming from God, the other from that God may give them strength that gence as humor, but as tragic in these

the devil, and it will be a fight to the in all they are called to do there may days, that this work may be the ultimate death eventually between those two be no hate in their hearts, but only the world leaven which it is destined to be, ideals, the safety of future generations promptings of duty and the spirit of is my prayer in the name of Jesus Christ.

resting only with the successful termisacrifice. God bless you. Amen. Amen.

7(/6tlt? ALL THESE POLICIES

—AND STILL NOT COVERED?

YES! Old style limitedcoverage policies leave dangerous gaps in your protection. A GENERAL of

AMERICA ultraPolicy costs less, gives you complete, planned protection for household and family. Covers

liability claims (personal and automobile), damage to car, gives broad coverage on personal property if desired. Call your GENERAL of AMERICA agentGENERAL

NOW! INSURANCE CO

OFAMERICA Get an ufriopoiicy—TODAY! HomeOffice

Capital Stock Insurance... At its Best!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE OF AMERICA GENERAL

H. K. SENT, President SEATTLE... Home Office:

Utah - Southern Idaho Service Office, 201 McCornick Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

WHO GROWS

Last year sugar beet growers of the nation the peer of all for home canning or any other produced the biggest sugar beet crop in hispurpose where pure sugar is required.

tory. Except for this, the sugar situation would You can't buy better sugar than U and I

be desperate this year. So you can thank Sugar... the product of thousands of western

homeproduced sugar—the sugar that needs farms in half a dozen states from Dakota to

the Coast, and of a dozen modern sugar facno ships—and the farmers that grew the sugar

beets, for the unrationed "extra"sugar that tories equipped with the finest sugar makingwill be available this year for home machinery and skilled sugar makers to be canning. found anywhere in the world.

U and I Sugar is the pioneer sugar of the

And you can thank the domestic beet sugar Intermountain West... and still a leader in

industry that homeproduced beet sugar is quality markets of the country.

Use every sugar ration stamp. What you don't

need now, save for canning or preserving later.

"Stamp No. 13 good for 5 lbs. of sugar between

June 1 and August 15."

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPAIY

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Factories in Utah, Idaho, Washington, Montana, South Dakota

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY EVENING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, MONDAY EVENING SESSION but of hearing the words of the Lord.

(Amos 8:11)

just ceived card a few a months ago is trust great this placed upon body A said, in from that lad "Well, France a Priesthood. are this here A. who We OSCAR I'll I of to front going soon. the be up night, all than in other more any group

again, shall see never but you may we world, that must hunger. answer never forget other."of each out Well, KIRKHAM fulfill that of must the Lord. word theWe is this there tragedy answer. only one Seventy First Council of the this help us forth from that hour God Of the

minister missionary Dr. a great Kim, shall strengthen stake every we misses- evening atDelivered the Monday to in there 1923 Tokyo, was when the sion; yes, double the number. The Conference, 113th Annualsion of the great earthquake people came. The is here to be work greatdone and what in 5, the Tabernacle 1943, April his anxious welfare about were and is I there to er work done, be and may

to to they send cablegrams him began that suggest begin to that pray that we I enjoy that pray may humbly DO until finally the from came back word fights live son who carry to now may I bear spirit Lord. of the the my faith in "All Dr. except Kim, gone the of tne peace word to world. Oh, all sincerity in the to testimony youI God."help that God, him while uses he the is of the life this the work thatof my forgreat days. are Nineteen These sword he also the use may of WordLord. tythree again. will never Look come I God, in the humbly pray of name at I assignment an morning had This

at this the headlines of one and day Christ. Jesus Amen. of to gate you meetthe South many

it is realize has happened. But what (Continued on page 382) I there, the acrossbrethren. While was

it I at great a to day, look and want ofstreet column a double marched

I faith join with hope. to and want my into inducted to be goingyoung men

spirit in sincerity millions of these with young men whose inspiration and darTHE ADVERTISERS ing and power perhaps beyond an equal in all history. These are the hours of And Where You Will Find

destiny—these are the hours of greatTheir Messages

ness.

I was in an M.I.A. meeting just a Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

few weeks ago where a young man sang Back Cover an international hymn. I want to read Bennett Glass & Paint Co 330

Bookcraft Company 330 you these words—this was the last Borden Company 355 stanza.

Brigham Young University 327 the the sure as morning, sun meets As

Continental 376 Oil Company rivers to the sea, go down And

Crescent Manufacturing Company for is dawning, mankind day new A (Mapleine) 356 shall live children proud and free. Our

Deseret Book Company I want to join with that spirit. I do Inside Back Cover

not want to feel that this is just another Deseret News Press 378 war and that the thing will be repeated Faultless Starch Co.323

over and over. I want to lend my faith FelsNaptha Soap & Soap Chips332

with the youth of this day that this job Fuller, W. P., Co 369

shall be faced and faced right. And I General Insurance Company of

appeal to you brethren to join in that America 379 faith. Give them that uplift. Give them Globe Grain & Milling Co 329

that true hope as I sincerely feel it for Hall's Canker Remedy 324 there shall be a new day. The young Hotel Utah 375

man who wrote the music to this song, International Harvester Co 328

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM the words that I have just read, wrote L.D.S. Business College 355

that famous Seventh Symphony, the Levi Strauss....374

the army. While I have two sons that greatest piece of realistic music that has M.C.P. Pectin. Inside Back Cover

marched in a like column only a little ever been written, according to the Maid O'Barley 357 while ago, and two more that may go world's critics, and it had its birth and Morning Milk 324 in the months now coming, I must conits writings at the siege of Leningrad. Mt. Fuel Supply Company

spirit of this the fess to you that If in that is only one field. you ocAnd dare MountaiH States InsideImplementFront Cover373casion to see other caused young me into science, yes, into to step over many

men. I saw lads in Vienna, in Austria, other fields, you would see a great O.K. Tire Welders 326

bearing their testimony with such fervor world in the making. Purity Biscuit Company 321

before a group of Saints there that I God help us to give that faith to Royal Baking Company 323 was thrilled. I saw a boy from Hunyouth. Safeway Stores, Inc 325

gary in a tent with representatives Let me read these lines from Will Salt Lake Tribune 372

Milk Sego 377 nations seventeenfrom Durant, of our vigorous American one present—all Standard Oil Company of CaliSaint boys,Latterday I heard and him philosophers. fornia 370 tellsay, back and I go "When my Standard Brands 357 into exan age of spiritual We move that father here at amother and I was

Pacific Stages 371 Union like that despondency and which difhaustion ofmeeting the seventeen with boys Engraving Utah 355 Company the for birth hungered Christ. of greatThe all testiferent nations they bore and Fire Insurance 371 Utah is Co of Home our time not Communism

truthfulness to the the of divinemony UtahIdaho Sugar 380 vs. Co Europe America est questionIndividualism—notmission of the Smith, Prophet Refining Joseph Oil 374 Utah Company vs. It is the the even East West. vs.—not

there'll be only one answer from them whether man can bear to live without God. Utah Poultry Producers'Coop-

they will be in tears."erative Ass'n 323

And I saw a thousand German boys Now, words from the Prophet Amos Utah Power 6 Light Co 326 that I've seen in, oh, many, many vilBehold, the days come, sayeth the Lord Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer....321

lages throughout the land, and I reGod, that I will send a famine in the land,.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943 GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY EVENING

RICHARD R. LYMAN Gethsemane.conditions thenIt surroundingwas under theHimtryingthat andchildrenyourmightchildrennot andbe betrayedyour children'sby the

{Concluded from page 339) He exclaimed, "... Father, all things cunning craftiness of the adversary, to

appropriately, no doubt, as they did are possible unto thee; take away this turn away from righteousness and parwhen they were read for the first time cup from me:..."(Mark 14:36). take of the things that our Heavenly

at the Memorial Service held at PrinceThree times He repeated this the most Father has forbidden us to touch.

ton University, November 15, 1918, earnest, prayerful appeal that ever fell These are some of the thoughts that just four days after the Armistice was from His divine lips. The situation was have been going through my mind dur-

"... this great as I sat conference his here as it ing that serious sweat wassigned. He said: so

falling the to stand the of and listened blood upon great drops down were

But many a lad we hold to the ground."The load He had to voices of these servants of the Lord

Dear in our heart of hearts bear was so heavy that "... there apwho have been commissioned divinely

host. homereturning theIs missing from represent to and by heaven, have unto from an angel him peared Him God who

lost, are not they sayAh, ) teaching feeding the us been us and strengthening 22: 4344 him"( Luke life their given and found have theyFor

life listened of while bread have we strife: sacrificialIn this earnest prayer His most And was I their for grateful to words. am blue from stars changed service haveTheir

It not. answered? came Then was the the choir great Tabernacle organ and gold! to

of sublimest remarkHis most moment this that broadcasts building from "... nevertheable life when He added, day. each Sabbath years they For One Tear, One Word op Grief less, will, thine, be not but my delighting the been world done"have with

Listen to his expressions concerning (Luke 22:42). Thus, by enduring that hymns of praise that our Heavenly

the courage, the determination, and the great agony, the Savior took upon HimFather has blessed us to enjoy, and daring of the mothers of these whose self the sins of all men that all men on along with it have gone sermonettes stars have changed from blue to gold: condition of repentance might come that have touched many hearts. I have

unto Him. is that people had many man ask who tear the forgive warriors,O happy at the the announcements makes who miss you; eyes thatFalling from Father,

I broadcasts? suppose Thy Will Be Done Tabernacle And motherlips grief from of the wordForgive

That ne'er on earth shall kiss you; And so with us. We, the United NaBrother Evans has received hundreds of

Hear only what our hearts would have you tions, have put our hands to the plow, letters of commendation for his contrihear and this contest, on a world of battlebution. What he says is brief, but it is

pride praise and and gratitude andGlory cause in whose country the dearFrom you andfields,extent,unparalleledwe will aswin,it ishoweverin magnitudegreat whatHis servanthe thinksspeaktheon LordHis holywouldday. have died.

Now you have run your race and won your the cost. And being followers of Jesus, Now, brethren, we will soon be away

prize, the Son of God, and members of His from here. You will go to your field

Old age shall never burden you, the fears Church, the Church of Jesus Christ of of labor and I to mine. We will mingle

And conflicts that beset our lingering years Latterday Saints, let us do as He did with the Latterday Saints and with in Paradise. souls neverShall vex your that at of great agony, the time His the of are is, those not members who

victory, with crownedImmortal, young, and in great Father to our appeal Heavenly if to Church, and I say you that, we refound battle life's have you longFrom lives for the earnestness humility and that those influence with have would lease.

And He who died for all on Calvary of our loved ones to be spared and for we are going to see when we leave here,

Has welcomed you, brave soldiers of the their bodies to be unharmed. But back we must have the power of God to

cross. of these earnest and humble prayerful witness unto them that we are what we

Into eternal peace. appeals, let us, as best we can, be pretend to be. Being a member of the

Christlike. of courageous and Back will holding the Priesthood and Church

lift loins our and our let us girdCome, load, all these appeals in some may are we have, unless not get us anywhere we life's left rough are onCompanions who spirit that degree, so gloriously Christ said that every worthy. Lord has The road,

that sublimest during moment desire blessing is predicated that we bravely take the way that we must exhibitedAnd earnest to of His life His most when to His commandments. upon obedience tread

To keep true faith with our beloved dead. prayerful appeal He added, "... neverWe may deceive our neighbors, and we

To conquer war they dared their lives to the less, not my will, but thine, be done"may deceive ourselves with the idea give, courageously 22:42). (Luke and Thus all right, but are going that through we

learn hearts our must peace safeguardTo all to Christlike, our plunge with may we of the unless keep commandments we live. all this into of greatest might world unless bear Father, our Heavenly we hold! to faith forward us, dear our God, the of wars, and power by is may God this that so Priesthood worthily holy old. of that than world a better wantHelpWe to that win, deserve and by same we in find will precious, our not place we of endeavor, high paths us onLead

the be ours with may victory find ever, power the will not climbing upward,Toiling celestial kingdom—we

least possible blood, loss of the the right. and suffer for to withReady our association and companionship

Until at last we gain a loftier height, fewest possible number of tears, and the wives and daughters Who have not to behold worthyMore the meaPriesthood, have of heartaches, I humbly pray. had but who

stars, our herostars of gold.Our guiding the sured up and have kept commandTo Thee Nothing Impossible GEORGE ALBERT SMITH mentsThereof Godare manyand livedmen righteousin this Churchlives;

This struggle is like that great war of {Continued from page 336) who have no male representatives. Our

long ago which was fought in heaven. beloved president who sits here tonight

And the cause for which we fight is the pray at my mother's knee. My father has no sons, but God has blessed him

same, that is, liberty and freedom, the spent years in the mission field; my with wonderful wives and daughters,

right of choice, for all the sons and all mother eleven times offered her life to and they have honored him and have the daughters of God. However great bring us into the world, and she gave held up his hands and supported him and

the cost, this struggle must go on until her life day by day to train us that we sustained him. Other men on this

we are victorious. These are trying might be real Latterday Saints. And stand have been blessed with large famdays, terrible times. The agony on the that's only one family. I am thinking ilies who have joy in doing the things

part of the mothers and of the young of all these families that we represent that the Lord wishes them to do and wives of those soldiers who may be thinking of your parents and grandbring honor and credit to the Church called upon to give their lives on the parents who came out of the world for with which they are identified. They are

field of honor is not unlike the agony the gospel's sake, who were willing to your brothers and sisters and mine.

of the Master Himself in the garden of give all that they possessed that you How grateful we ought to be that our

GENERAL CONFERENCE, MONDAY EVENING THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1943

lot has been cast under such favorable ly cometh; the hour is not yet, but is nigh lives conform to the desires of our

conditions. It doesn't make any difat hand, when peace shall be taken from Heavenly Father concerning His

the earth, and the devil shall have power all are armies, Priesthood, in our we power heavenference how strong and dominion. over his own earth becannot prevent do not gainingoutnumbered from who by those you

differIt in blessing doesn'tlieve that any said has make God. would God He it if the pitiable thing a be would What of engines the depowerful those bestowence upon His keep how comwho there, that see the for ended can we might prepare,struction be they mandments. love us Let another. one we in the the of adversary world power and be that which said Thingsdestroyed here been kindhave may by about that the destruction is being wrought by

if the this but us against ness If enemy, duringbrought conference. by there but, his emissaries; are those conwho of confidence our Heavenever the time a have to was needed be whenwe we tinuing, the says: Lord

if if it is love, If kind,ly Father, His have there we now. a time we was

are worthy of His blessings, all the And also the Lord shall have power over when we needed to be patient, it is now.

armies of the world cannot destroy us, his saints, and shall reign in their midst, and if we would keep one of the comcan- and and our faith, ofcannot said shall come down in judgment upon... mandments break down was God that He

the world. that greatest, is namednot the Church will second to the overcome our love we

for of God. the Son

in the Read nineteenth chapter of What a promise, but it is all condithat,neighborsthey aswillourselves.not be madeWhensorrowfulwe do

tioned righteousness, our not on upon the Assyrian Sennacherib I of becauseII Kings of conduct ours. any how am

else, anything not our wealth nor upon Jerusalem. to overthrow thankful toking sought for you your companionin not our strength numbers, our upon ship. represented the kingHezekiah, I thank brethren of who the Genmy

the world, our from but uponIsrael, for deisolation the with pleaded eral Authorities Lord the of with Church, liverance while Sennacherib mocked righteousness. whom I am so closely associated, for

him, saying, "Don't think that your In conclusion, I want to bear my testitheir kindness to me. I thank our beprayers to your God can help you. mony to you, my brethren. First I thank loved President, who, in his advancing

Every place that I have been and taken the hundreds of you who have made it years, continues to encourage us to be already, they have been praying. You possible for me to carry on as I have, faithful and bear witness of his knowlare helpless,"and the next morning a while standing at the side of my asedge that God lives, that Jesus is our

large part of the Assyrian army was sociates in the leadership of the Church, Savior and Joseph Smith was a prophet found dead upon the ground, and Jeruto encourage our people and their raised up by the Lord. You have heard

salem had been preserved by the Lord. neighbors to keep the commandments of these testimonies many times and the

He is our strength, brethren, your FaGod, and tonight, when I think of the testimonies of others who are here. You

ther and mine, the Father of all; if we condition of the world and realize that have heard the testimonies of those that

will only be worthy He will preserve us the only place where there is any have already gone to their reward.

as he did Helaman's sons, and as He semblance of peace is the land that we These are true, my brethren. These

preserved Daniel from the lions and the live in, and with the promise of God testimonies are not idly spoken or carethree Hebrew children from the fiery that He will be with—not the members lessly given. They are the truth.

furnace and six hundred thousand of the of the Church, I don't interpret it that descendants of Abraham when he way; not the men who hold the PriestKnowing that in the notfar-distant

brought them out from Egypt under the hood necessarily, I don't interpret it future the man who is talking to you leadership of Moses and drowned Pharthat way—He will be with His Saints now will have to stand before God and

aoh's army in the Red Sea. He is the who are worthy to be called Saints, and answer for the deeds done in the body

God of this universe. He is the Father His power and protection will be over and the words spoken here, knowing

of us all. He is allpowerful and He them until their life's labors are comthat, and realizing the seriousness of

promised us protection if we will live pleted. I know that God lives. I know misinterpreting or misrepresentation.

worthy of it. Let me read you a parathat Jesus is the Christ. I know that with joy and gladness and with love I

graph of the very first section of the Joseph Smith was a prophet of the living bear you my testimony, that the gosDoctrine and Covenants wherein He God as I know that I live. I know that pel as taught by the Latterday Saints

says: the Priesthood that is held by you is the power of God unto salvation.

For I am no respecter of persons, and will brethren is divine; that you are repreThis is my witness and I bear it in the

that all men shall know that the day speedisentatives of Deity and that if your name of Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

{Concluded [com page 353) devotion and prayer comes, I am expected at home at half past six o'clock in the eveto be there; and no public business, no matning. I wish my wives and children to be

gather at a morning hour. In practicalter how important, has been able to influat home at that time in the evening, to be

ly every home, however, all members ence me to forego the fulfilment of this ready to bow down before the Lord to make of the family are present at the evening sacred duty which I owe to you, to myself their acknowledgments to Him for His kindmeal. That may then be the best time for and to God. ness and mercy and longsuffering towards

to of withus. not complain wish I do you table the orprayer. All kneel around

cause; noticed but strict out a I have at prayer attendance in Your to wishes my for supplicate theelsewhere and Lord that time this portion of family only a will respect has give to the joy my heart of

the bebefore guidance mealhelp and present; of are absent been wives father. some your husband my and

gins. visiting a sister, a neighbor, a mother or a Brigham Young

President Brigham Young wrote to relative, my children are scattered all over Gt Salt Lake City his family an impressive communicatown, attending to this or that; and if at April 2, 1866

tion relative to the daily family prayer home, one is changing her dress, another to her getting shoes, another to ready go to This of message Brigham Youngin his household:

the to theatre; has another see gone Mary, his family as a taken message be may

I to another Emily, see and add, and may felt I folthe to write have upon moved all families. the to Latterday Saint Let

etc., etc., etc. forlowing, family, the perusal of and my in practice daily of family prayer be

I I call theirto for of attention. counsel have serious words a which few Now living family blessings the every under is I family, shall to that family, expect but them which There doubt my no my

obligations the of restored and Church all, kindly, receive will that timeone obey: and and acknowledge Namely, when my

is as precious to me as theirs is to them. prayer time comes that they all be at home. of Christ. Let no other duty interfere

When the time appointed for our family If any of them are visiting, that they be with it.—/. A W.

wimpubenniioiinsLET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY INDIRECTLY USEFUL tell me in what way the rabbit is useful SOwasmanya glaringof our typographicalreaders have reportederror, severalwhat timesthey repeated,felt sure to Teacher:us?""Who can

to this corner in a little. occasion fur that other To the rabbit Pupil: Bright that we take says the grows "Dad

thee,"phrase speechgloat—justbewrayeth vindicate use of the our it is "Thy credit coat."get animals into a made for when

we ask them to consult both Matthew 26:73 and the dictionary.

The crowd at Jerusalem detected the Galilean dialect of Peter OVERESTIMATED who vainly attempted to deny knowledge of the Christ. "Surely

thou also art one of them,"they accused, "for thy speech beAntique Dealer: "Yes, sir, this vase is more than 2,000

wrayeth thee.""Bewray"is the archaic form of "betray,"years old."

from the AngloSaxon "wregan."The quotation from Matthew Mr. Newrich: "That's a laugh. You can't pull that stuff

is also used as the \ title for the current M.I.A. speech arts on me. It's only 1943 now."

manual. How many have thought it in error, we wonder!

ENOUGH FOR ONE GULLS OF GENERATION A NEW live think a salary of $20 a week, on you you could "Do the and Square on Temple monument pioneer honey?"

famous. world that ThehistorySeagull have it commemorates become darling, will I could, but "Sure, what you do?"

Now the seagulls, perhaps the descendants of those seagulls in the are the crops, the crickets news saved and devoured who lily at WHY ELSE? in the feasting the goldfish pond again. on They are

the base of the monument. A year ago a wayward gull disFamous Lawyer: "Now, sir, have you any preconceived

covered the delicacy. The goldfish population was almost exideas as to the defendant's guilt or innocence?"

gulls in the fall after the time, had at that but terminated Juror: "Why, sure—he's guilty. Why else woald he need again, multiply to and the fish stopped by spring coming began to hire you?"

there were about one hundred goldfish in the pond. This spring

the seagulls arrived again, and now virtually the only fish BIRD OF ANOTHER FEATHER left in tine pool are brown. "The gulls apparently don't see the

brown fish, or the brown ones hide better under the lily pads,"Down South a short cotton crop forced a large number of

Joseph J. Daynes, an attendant, explains. country negroes to the cities. One of them applied for a job

What's the younger generation coming to, anyway? at one of the large employment agencies.

"There's a job at the Eagle Laundry,"said the man behind it?"desk. "Want PROOFING THE PROOFREADER the

shifted applicant uneasily from one foot to the other. The

FOR discovering typographical errors in the April Era, choice "Tell you how it is, boss,"he said finally, "I sure does of Gospel Standards or In the Gospel Net has been awarded want a job mighty bad, but de fack is, I ain t never washed the following alert readers, first to report from various parts of a eagle."

the country:

Mrs. Gladys G. Corling, Vancouver, Washington; Nelson HIGHPRICED CORN White, Salt Lake City; Mrs. W. A. Dance, Blackfoot, Idaho;

Sue Roberts, Birmingham, Alabama; Mrs. Norma Ruhl, InTeacher: "Who can use the word buccaneer in a sentence

dependence, Missouri; and Hilda Crawshaw, Overbrook, Onto show its meaning?"

tario, Canada. And although he was not the first to enter from Tommy: "A buccaneer is an awful price to pay for corn."

his area, Wayne E. Fisher of Chicago, Illinois, gets special

errors. for analysis report consideration of his painstaking and WHICH CURRENT?

tripping devil up, us and still seems to be The printer's readers are invited to seek out his mischievous work in the Mister: "Dear, I hoped you would give me an electric

current issue, fifth month of "proofing the proofreader."Adrazor for my birthday."

dress a penny postcard to 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake Missus: "Well, honey, I wanted to, but I didn't know if

City, by midnight of June 25, indicating nature and position your face was AC or DC."

of the error or errors discovered.

too great has been Response acknowledgment to make of TAKING NO CHANCES entries possible. but the winning Readers any may be assured

their reports are read and fairly tabulated. Their good work Dentist (as patient opened his purse): "No, no, don't

in calling our attention to errors in the Era is greatly apbother to pay me in advance."

preciated. Patient: "I'm not. I was just counting my money before

gas."<$> you give me

New Guinea Dear Editors: THIS HIGH COST OF LIVING!

wouldn't have been half as happy at receiving twenty doltold being refused of the Scotchman now And we are who I lars in receiving of issue as I from January anyone was my it just take to bath because a shower too much. soaked him... certain religion,.Era. the faith in has our a deep When one

things recalled stir up a peculiar feeling deep down inside things such as a picture of the magnificent Salt Lake Temple, SAD!

spirit of in the sacred testimony meetour songs, a sacrament trouble that the with student?"Scotch college "What's young.. it, all is else, ing. in Church, membership Above my my

then got a shine they "Oh, he just and remembered were his I is thing. out give never up. could one what This boys we

shoes."roommate's fit. right fighting see are here as to worship God we for—the

$ Cpl. Edward Knutti ALL HANDWORK

Firth, Idaho City Cousin (showing off): "Yes, sir, every picture in our

Dear Era: house is handpainted."

Thank you for the book Gospel Standards. We have a Country Cousin: "Huh! That's nothing. So's our barn."

copy in the home, but this one you sent me is my very to cherish. to consistently mark, to lend, is so own, The Era

errors kind [Proofing NOTHING NEW typographical free of of this that a contest the Proofreader] is a happy choice. "In New York,"he said, "they have a company that does

Thank you again, very, very much! nothing but answer phone calls for other people."

Sincerely, "I've been doing that for years myself,"replied the man

Mrs. J. Berkeley Larsen with three pretty daughters.

wL mm

v.t:,i-: 4

sm+i '*$*>&-BOOKS Makers Jelly>, JthsL y&aA. Jam

Bring your library up to date with these treasures of inspiration and information:

Gospel Standards...$2.25

Daniel H. Wells 2.50 PECTIN

This Day and Always 1-50 Unto the Hills 1.50 3 02S.JELUEc

Prophol of theTeachings

... 2.00 YoU.toowmjeU"- Joseph Smith

Smith, AmericanJoseph pEUiU 3.00 M.C.P ve BOTH Prophet

fault 4.00 and SaintsDesert sugar. t1 work. and time as

1.25 of the TimesSigns P lenCed championship Iwc o elfaesl,h Sfaes and 4with jams 2.75Syrian Yankee ODOR qUa,i your emphasizediorempWestward America 4.50 Let 7'-;lavotrait flavor true your nose be

perfeo- a * -Mama's Bank Account 2.00 guidewhetheras to theta every*X"'eP**V iermentation jams tion by J"""**! guessworkLittle Women 1.00 - your and jellies

Return to Religion 1.00 W ill be better when made

the ECONOMY Thought We HeardWe FOR GED, 1.50 PACK Sing Angels USE EASY AND mawartime Enable saves $1.25Bibles up and Packages M C.P. valuabace COLOR ea Y 1.50, 3.50.60c, handle, of.Book of Mormon disp0se easy pro ate The messy ** no shipPing leave and nounced 1.00Doctrine and Covenants C Pa to you These brownish economy ed d adoea "old- s meanerto of costs 1.25:50c, of Price color GreatPearl V. V C. M. lower through fashioned

Rational Theology 1.00 HqUid

tins willlUfaitlestartle youy WhenKey to Theology 1.00 W&****6*

ofThe Wisdom... 1.25 Word Our value. deTed food and OP amount lae ke 1.00 Ending Boys o to WinHow Mbe our and to Jams pectin **> fs -j, T A S T E rn energyproducing 1.00 StoriesPioneer holtages, Compare meat, help

strong, *?% the 2.50 ofPresidents the \ Church rich jelliesUer "disagreeny.8*8eggs,substitute butter, flavor etcJcal.25. in theRecreation able Home bestandaxtiostecon & spread ofliquidpec margann or butter ior the with tins save health, to For *,warUmeP space Country's g our DESERET BOOK

'"?, tsnns in prerSyoTbomemadeTams plenty...make rrght now. COMPANY and jellies *:#

44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah "The Book Center of the Intermountain West"m-:-:;v: #Sf**fit&t

4Wrt*

0-UT A ra *vl*.yBn \s feu* 0'n ern\,flS o rd:e$or***

co rt\uc* jn&$ \\o a**'(S *, c\i'an9 as*inQT id a r or es mor tap'aP a to**** *e

@ni Y\fc for ar a rep o p 8y8 n* s \ sutufi<oresu4e bu \omnrroV%noK<-oO AMfX if\G Hebe Salt take Ci*T. Utah

I f.<--* mF**