/llmproutmentlEra

SEPTEMBER, 1945 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH with a gas equipped kitchen "staffed"by the FLAME FAMILY

JgA Speedy will lop precious min

utes daily from your "KP"duty. |i/| Cleany will save you time and effort in

keeping your kitchen, your entire home, clean. I4f Steady will prove always

will bring you exclusive advantages in fuelflexibility: dependable. \\ Flexy

, mm m low heat, high heat, any temperature between.

mmMM Thrifty will befriend your budget.

Put all these jolly Quints to work in your new or ""nt*i*u remodeled home, by having it gasequipped, the modern way! Please consult your gas company.

CDMPANY SUPPLY FUELMOUNTAIN AND WYDMINB CPMMUNITIES UTAH SERVING TWENTYSIX r a.

Perfect!

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

"Dy treating woolens with "lanaset"the shrinkage can be reduced from fortytwo percent to about one percent, permitting repeated launderings. Most

of the facilities for treating with lanaset are being used for armynavy woolens, but civilians are promised, in the future, treated wool socks, underwear, carpets, blankets, and dresses.* for Your Proud

Ctirringgoing intoliquidsthe withoutliquid fromhavingoutsidea rodisnow accomplished by a new motorJellies and driven stirring device. A bar magnet,

covered with glass or plastic, is placed in the bottom of the container. A smallmotor under the container rotates a Jams

permanent magnet on the end of the shaft, and the magnet in the liquid follows the other magnet around, stirring the liquid.

A new antigerm mold has been discovered which stops tuberculosis bacilli in test tubes, which penicillindoes not. Successful treatment of hu- | PURITY

man tuberculosis is yet to be announced.

A study of five hundred divorces in

Los Angeles County by Dr. Paul

Popenoe found that fortyfive percent of the divorcees were childless, and seventyseven percent had either no..children after or only one child, an averYou may have wonderedage of nine marriage duration years. The

average number of children a marriage was slightly more than one. Half

the marriages lasted just over six years, and more marriages broke up after one year than after any other period.

"Dhenothiaziane, an organic chemical Old Label available as olivegreen a pale powNew Labelder, to found has been have widespread applications as a drug in killing internal and external parasites of farm animals, and particularly useful for intestinal When the vitamin D richness of Sego Milk was increased to 400 and stomach worms. It is nontoxic to units, we made some changes in our label. We stated, of course, the

humans. higher vitamin D content. Then we took off the word "irradiated"

and put in its place the word "homogenized."

T-Jot soup may be had by soldiers in the field away from kitchens by Perhaps you have wondered what it means—particularly if Sego

lighting a fuse which sticks out of a Milk is now as good for babies as before.

special can. The fuse kindles a chemiThe word "homogenized"on the label does not denote a change in

cally treated fiber in a metal tube in the our product. Sego Milk has been homogenized for over 35 years. The

ofcenter the can which heats the soup new label is, however, the first one on which it has been featured. The fivein minutes.

only change in Sego Milk is a threefold increase in vitamin D—4

rTto keep oil from changing viscosity overallchange growththat assuresfor babies.better tooth and bone development and better

with a change in temperature, finely divided particles of a resin can be suspended in the oil. The resin is broken Sego Milk Products Company

down by heating to moleculesize parOriginator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West ticles to increase the viscosity or keep Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

it the same. The oil thickens when

heated and thins when cooled.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 489 Jke Lcover erence

the SeptemWith reopening ber of riot schools youth looks teachthe for eagerly Hundred '"Phe One of Qmprwraentbn application ing and Sixteenth * and 'which sciences those ConferSemi-Annual SEPTEMBER, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 9 atman's will improve of of ence the Church

man, titude toward OF VOICE THE "THE CHURCH"of LatterChrist Jesus inultimate the with Saints, to which day Official of the Priesthood Improvement Mutual Quorums, Organ as peace sistence on all Church members Associations, Education, of Committee, Department Music Ward life. of the way invited, will are conof Christ of of Jesus the Teachers, Agencies Other and Church of study night This in vene the Tabernacle, Saints Latterday Memorial the Maeser Salt City, Utah, Lake

Building on Brigham Friday, Saturday, and Young University cam- * Sunday, October 5, 6, pus is the photographic and 7, 1945, with genwork of Le Grand eral sessions each day

Lewis. Jke C*>ditpr& f-aae at 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.

The general priestSome Thoughts on War, and Sorrow, and Peace hood meeting will be in the Tabernacle Jraako ycalii George Albert Smith 501 heldon Saturday, October 6, at 7 p.m.

Jempte Khvircvi Jeatum5 George Albert Smith

J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Jjedlcauon Fathers of Men..Marvin OK Ashton 503 David O. McKay

Songs and Music of Ancient Israel..-. Levi Edgar Young 504 The First Presidency

servdedicatory 512 I Leland H. Monson THE Mormon—Part Idaho of the ices Progress the and Reconciliations: Evidences XCVI—Does will be Temple Falls Religion? of Diminish the Challenge of Science Monday, Sunday, held 521 Widtsoe A, John Septemand Tuesday,

ber 23, 24, and 25, A Soldier's Faith, Eugene E. NoLiquor-Tobacco Column Change of Address:

1945. Admission to Campbell -496.531

days'renotice Fifteen 533 Aaronic AmeriConcerning Facts these sesSome all of any or for of adchange 534 quired Christ, for ca's Witness Ward Teaching will be sions by card.

dress. ordering a When 500 E. Bunker William arrangements Detailed 535 Genealogy include please change, 510 Messages Mutual announced will be 536 Music stencil impression a from 518 Church Moves On The later.

issue the recent of magaField Photos 536, 540, 552 530 Priesthood: Melchizedek Smith Albert George zine. Address changes

Jr. Clark, Reuben unless cannot be made O. J.David McKay old the well address as as

Presidency First eaturei The JeaL special is included. the one new

The Atomic Bomb Carl F, Eyring 502 508 R, Morrell Is Harmful?. Joseph Tobacco the Use of Editors Bennett Emily H, Life Is "Gleaning"a Choice 510 ExecutiveOffices:and Editorial George Albert Smith

John A. Widtsoe "Ah! Ah! Don't Say It!"Alice M. Read 513 50 North Main Street,

514 L. Evans from Temple Square...Richard Salt Spoken 1, Lake City Utah. The Word Editor Managing Giles 517 for Preparing 1947 JohnD, Evans Richard L.

Copyright 1945 by MuCarol Nice, Frankthe Universe, Homing: Mighty Exploring

Associate Editors lin S. Harris, Jr 489 Wilkes -522 tual Funds, Inc., a CorMarba C. Josephson Medical Practices of American Wanted: More Healing poration of the Young

Mulder Mutual Men's ImproveWilliam.522 Dibble....491 Indians, E. Charles Hands the armed with (on leave Association of the ment B. Birds Winifred E. Corner, Josephine and Bombs, Cook's forces)

of Christ of Jesus Church 523 493 Wilson Nichols

All Saints. Latterday General Manager Living, of Horizons William E. Here's—525 How

rights reserved. Morris SubscripGeorge Q. 529 Berrett Hints 494 Handy

price, tion year, $2.00 a Speaks, ArYoung Associate Woman Manager A the 524 from Camps News single in advance; 20c dell B. Creery 497 G. Lucy Cannon Is RusselL528 Edith Man? What copy. Definitions of Government,

Business Manager 537 the Bookrack On compiled by Elizabeth J.

Giles John D. Moffitt and Ours Page 498 Your 552 Office,EnteredSaltat Lakethe City,Post

Editorial Associates Utah, as secondclass

Harold C. Lundstrom matter. Acceptance for

Elizabeth Albert LZobellJr. J. Moffitt Cdltonatd postagemailing atprovidedspecial ratefor ofin

section 1 103, Act of OcAdvertising National Widtsoe 520 Trial, A* John Now Is On Man tober, 1917, authorized Representatives 520 C. Josephson Marba Peace and Mothers

July 1918. 2, Francis M. Mayo,

Salt Lake City Era Improvement The S. Townsend, Edward

not responsible for un Francisco San and >torle6} J-'oetry solicitedis manuscripts, but Los Angeles contributions. welcomes

Bolle, and Dougan Pauline Stephens 506 Chain... T. in the A Chicago and All manuscripts be must 516 Westover RosLynn Again""Till Meet LinkWe New York suffiby accompanied It Put in a Poem? Could 492 You Poetry Page

cient for delivery postage Bureau of Audit Member, -505 White Vera return. and Circulations Clifton Edith Nurse, 524 Frontispiece: September Army Is My

Spring, Anna Prince Redd....499 Ownership, Delia A. Leitner....550

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dlcai Impactices OF AMERICAN INDIANS

iSu IDf. LskaneS o. l)i

TheconsiderableAmericanamountIndianofpossessedsound med-a ical knowledge. Many of his techniques form part of our presentday

medical practices.

The American Indian practiced toothpulling, tooth inlay, bloodletting, sweating, poulticing, suturing, bandaging, tourniquets, amputation, massage, scarification, splinting, and setting. Tne

barks, roots, of value curativespecial that together, yourselves "Gather to our the promises made I how leaves shall befall tellherbs, known. They and was you may the to father's continue shape 49:1. narof last the in value the you withwere acquainted thatdays."—Genesiswhich

cotics, tonics, sedatives, purgatives, course of human history... by RACE, GOD'S COVENANT stimulants. Dr. antifebrils, andemetics, in present world to show, to and unfolds H. Anderson, James of University of the Krogman, M.W. of ancient the fulfilment events, resocial the and historical you the that American out pointsChicago, is clear, book prophecy. The the the Chillationships to fiftynine drugs betweenIndian has added

modern pharmacy. dren of Israel and peoples of concise, intensely interesting

Although bloodletting is no longer an the earth today. Its funda- a book for every home library.

important medical procedure, the value mental purposes are to show Price, $2.00.

sweating, amputation, poultices,of is recognized. Some pracmassaging and *. * * * *

tices were definitely prophetic of later EVIDENCES AND medical developments. Brain operations RECONCILIATIONS

pains in Peru; back performedwere Dr. A. Widtsoe John

flow heat; blood withwere treated questions was—*. Answeringby with funnew

stopped or decreased by using scrapings damental truths, Dr. Widtsoe, scienfrom tanned hides, cobwebs, and dried tist, scholar, educator—and above all,

fungus. The modern miracle drug, penione who knows and appreciates

cillin, like fungus, is a byproduct of youth—discusses and answers in this

arise persistently that questions bookmould.

of in the people. minds Here young not diseases known among were Some is practical of application the Gos- a arrival of the prior to the Indiansthe to situations. Ideal pel modern

white man. Cholera, typhus, smallpox, servicemen, missionaries, students,for

measles appeared only after the and the home. Price, $1.85.

malaria, fever, came. YellowSpaniard

been FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON have diphtheriatyphoid, may and preColumbian, but this is doubtful. Although the Indian utilized many BDDKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt LakeCOMPANYCity I, Utah

medically reliable curative practices, his Please Send the Books Checked Below:

Hills the $1.50 $1.50 of sickness Book Remembrance DUnto the causes ofconceptions D Military

L. Richard Evans Georgeof R. Gygi By By influenced by the wereand disease $1.50 52.25 Always and The Gospel Kingdom This Day D

L. Taylor Richard supernatural. Evans By By John shaman Themystical and

or medicine man was called to diagnose D Joseph BySmith:Dr. G.ProphetStatesmanHomer Durham $2.25 "and The BySpokenRichardWord"L. Evans $1.50

Reconciliations $2.00 $1.85 Evidences Amid sought Change and cure.and He then the cause by D P Constancy

E. A. Dr. Widtsoe A. Bowen John By By or divination. prayer, trance,vision, $2.00 $3.00 Colonizer Race God's Covenant Brigham Young, The n

R. Dr. H. Hunter Milton James Anderson By By

Utah In Her Western Setting $3.50 Golden Nuggets of Thought $1.00

By Dr. Milton R. Hunter By Ezra L. Marler

Mansions His Many Rulon S. Howeils $2.25 G SamMormonsBrannan and the California $1.75 By

In the Gospel Net $1.25 By Paul Bailey

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe Winston International Bible No. 157....$6.50

For This My Glory $2.50 The Apostle $3.50

By Paul Bailey By Sholem Asch The Gay Saint By Paul Bailey $2.50 D Canyon ofByWhispersL. A. Wadsworth $2.00

of All Things The Restoration Fielding Smith By Joseph -$1.75 P Hurlbut's StoryBy J.of L.theHurlbutBible $2.50

the $2.00 Signs of Times Mormonism $1.25 G A Skeptic Discovers

Fielding Smith Riggs Joseph By By T. W.

of Street Priceless Assorted $3.00 Dolphin Value....$2.00 Green Gems G P

B. Elizabeth Lundwall By By Gouge 2.00 $1.50 Let's Talk Anything About You N.Happen Can P

Papashvily Bro Marguerite Helen Harmon George and

Payment enclosed P Send C. O. D.

Name Address BLOODLETTING AMONG THE AZTECS SEPTEMBER, 1945 491

USE

THE CRACKFILLER THAT STAYS PUT SEPTEMBER ON A UTAH MOUNTAIN PABCO By Vesta Crawford By Andrew M. Andersen

in the zone of the aspens WHITE HYDROSEAL Again the fallow veil is spread Here, as newawaken sleeping snows Where fields the Across of fall, yellow This famous as- i streams, born they the stubble And path walked who 'in adoration, I stand taking bestos unto myself caulker the heard call; schoolbell Have

really "welds"T"They were kindredclose to trees, All that I can contain.

itself to stucco, Familiar with the ways of birds Far below, the stern green of the cedars ends soft the gray of sagebrush continues And the they return to the marked page, Now cebrick and it Until inland the sea. embraces the alien tenure of words. To

! crac Doesn't ment

there roads, are And the symbol sign and are weak, It The or pull shrink away.

... Alive going. with men, the winterward And days pass must

leakwaterproof and is Before the print dominant

I shall descend soon so proof. They quick remember leaning grass; and sun and And take place those roads. of on one my To

easy to apply. In time the truant mind will come It may lead to the African coast,

seas, Australian The the in strange world the book,

Is the Time to "Hydroseal"Now else somewhere as unknown. Or they hearts whose DangerToAnd were summerglad

ous, Unsightly Cracks Around turn the look. Will page and taken I have Gutters Doors Eaves

of scented sweet Memories winds Frames Window air the cleanse death has walked; where To

etc. Spouts, Strength the granite from HANDY TO A MOUNTAIN

this mountain, uncompromising Of

By John W. Ruppert That will support me in foxholes or trenches,

skies light from THESE these unbounded And DISCOVER lived handy to a mountain. He could forests. of tropical the gloom To combat FAMOUS HElook

Across his field to the rocky face range. farming His he Of the forsook FOR ONE DOWNHEARTED sit the behind trace barn and \\ PABCO ff To

cliffs the Elaine trees and The that humps, clung By FarmSavers! Where it seemed they shouldn't; or watch V. Emans

the mien 'T'he whole complexion of your world, you

PUT A SUPERSHIELD ChangeOn jaggedby slopesun andand rainsharpandravine.fog that hung Is verysay,dark indeed—and I for whom

ON YOUR ROOFS! He'dQueerlookedas a savage,so muchtheheneighborshad a loreswore. TheSee sunclearlyis lovelywhat inyouits skymeantoday(who have

known gloom He wanted a mountain handy. A plain, As well or better than the next). But sure

He said, would be completely dull. As hours are gray and silent now, a bird PABCO Besides, he thought he might be vain Eventually will spill his song in your

If he couldn't sometimes tilt his skull Enchanted ear, a friend will speak some

Up from earth and quietly scan word, COOLITE* The work of a Builder better than man. And it will cheer you past believing, while

Reg. U. S. Pat. Off. Perhaps a letter or a verse you read

the apart, will smile frown and you LIQUID ALUMINUM this: special need your Remember

all of need, TWO WOMEN Again.WillIs knownjar knows Him who COATING ROOF By Helen Mating must and

reflectroof-life by Lengthens Sun's of ing up to 80% deHerAndfurniturescratchedwaswithold,years,she said,and wornBe met some way or other, if you trust.

things, hadn't She she said, owned new rays! structive In... summer, VIEWPOINT six Since born. all her were

!... winter, interiors In it cools Janet Moore By

things, finely I see!.. kept, so my freeze, rain, resists it snow

Gives soft, silvery - aluminum RefinishedYet I'd tradeandeverythingrenewed, I own ''"DOOR*- To Phil,things,"as shemurmuredclosed theKaydoor finish to your roofs For even half her brood. On her parents by the fire.

"Middle life's a bore.

*Tbere'saIso a PABCO How one must envy youth

Aluminum for metal BABY SLEEPS At humdrum fortyfour."

roofs and walls. By Mabel Jones Gabbott "Poor dears,"her mother sighed,

And turned the music low,

suffer so. often creeps And The Sandman W35 Softly now, "They make such work of fun, to past youth have good the room; How PABCO From "Yellow Pao,e"in the Look Eighteen never can know!"sleeps. The baby

focal for dealer your PABCO Fair lids closed THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES* INC. On newborn eyes,

SAN FRANCISCO 19. CALIFORNIA Breathing hushed

As heaven's sighs;

Makers of Pabco Paints, Roofings, Building

Materials; Pabco Linoleums, Pabco Masripave Small clenched fist

HeavyDuty Flooring. Its vigil keeps,

Softly now, baby sleeps. 7,/frThe

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

BIRDS and BOMBS

By Winifred. WlLon

u\ I | hey, too, can take it!"The spring

| migration of 1945 proved with-

J- out a doubt that this is the correct answer to the oftrepeated question as to whether or not the war has had a disastrous effect on birds. They cannot have enjoyed it any more than

human beings, but how persistent they are! Or is it instinct? At all events, they

are accustomed to have their labors go for naught and once more start from scratch.A high wind whips the robin's nest

from the tree. Next day a new one is

begun. With a long broom you knock

down the nest of the sparrow that builds WITH over your front door. The following

morning other straws are piling up in stealsthe very same spot. A chipmunk to John Deere Manure Handling Equipment is laid bluebird'sthe egg. Another

it its Is for place. then mattertake a

it Handling manure lot, feed from barnyard or stock shed today—getting the returns as that spring eachwonder onto fertility to maintain that has been depleted because of heavy,

fly theirbirds northhopefully to back wartime not timetaking, be the backbreaking the of job the cropping—needland quiet pastures they ern haunts, be or past.

districts?bombed

the With John Deere manure loader and the John Deere spreader on your Atlantic this side of the People on your is manurehandling solved. problem antiairfarm, that the noisethought of even

craft fire would be enough to frighten With a John Deere loader on your John Deere Model "A", "B", or "GM"away the nesting birds. But it takes more Tractor, you can load a spreader in three minutes'time and, without resetting

than noise to break up a bird's home if the loader, you can clean out the manure in a halfcircle that lies within a 10young ones have been hatched before foot radius. What's more, you have perfect control of the loading, not only

the turmoil, for a mother will never in the height of drop, but the placement of manure in the spreader. It's ideal

desert her brood. And so we are not on the large farms or as a neighborhood outfit.

surprised to learn that in the London With either the Model "H"tractordrawn or the Model "HH"horsedrawn blitz a bird was frequently heard singall-steel spreader, you have the extra strength to stand up under severe usageing the ruins. among The Model "HH"modern, are built it". to "take lightdraft, easyloading Reports from urban districts of They spreadcame

England that nightingales had been The Model "H"tractor spreader is geared er for horses heard or seen. Much more space is for tractor speed... is properly balanced

used for agriculture now than heretofor ample traction on both spreader and fore; in consequence, many of these tractor... has adjustable frontend support

famous songsters were deprived of their which makes it easy to hook up, turn short forest homes, and became bird evac-... has low, easyloading box. A number of

uees, making the best of a few garden these advantages are also found in the shrubs. Model "HH"horsedrawn spreader.

journalist, RobertBen American The speciallyde- The Model "H"spreaders Manure loaders and in tractor hearofson, for spreader wrote London,""I Saw still are scarce. We suggest you signedheavyduty, highspeed in the noise thating city over an owl ation. operof see your dealer Deere John now ofthe and, Lonthough bombs; some place and for order your delivery

flew rural todon's pigeons more disas soon as this equipment is ittricts, out, trystuck them many of available.

ing to pick up a living in the streets. As

there were practically no children and very few adults in the parks, the pigeons missed both food and companionship.

The herons which formerly nested in the suburb called Richmond Park did not desert their old homes.

\\7hen London was going through its *'T 1941 hammering, a redstart's nest was for the first time found in the heart of the city; and though each year since

the number increased, the 1944 redstart population created a sensation. Probably the modern type of warfare was

responsible for this: it was impossible

to "make"their old nesting sites on the REMEMBERThe Two Conference Editions Alone continent at the spring migration. Are Worth The Price

One suggested explanation was thatredstarts nesting in Germany in '43 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA found the bombing there too much for 12 Issues $2.00

(Continued on page 546) SEPTEMBER, 1945 493 HORIZONS OF P.

Plan Now By WILLIAM E. BERRETT

for, Better Living thing of the greater joy which existence in that larger world unbounded by the physical senses can mean.

It is a strange thing how we live under the same sky, walk the same earth, and yet live in such totally different worlds.

The pity of it is that we become so

YOU Li ENJOY content with our small horizon and are loath to exercise the toil and selfdis- IT MORE AND cipline necessary to enlarge them. Said

MORE IN THE YEARS AHEAD Jesus to his disciples: "... where I am,

thither ye cannot come."(John 7:34.)

Certainly he lived in a world infinitely larger than his disciples had ever known, and into which they were not yet prepared to enter. When...

A girl in her late teens came to me recently. It developed that she was

theater picture by Ben B. Haines attending the motion Electric—Photograph

evening with her friends on Sunday

Justwalk,as toeveryrun, childto play—andmust learnthisto ratherchurch hadthanprovided.the worshipHer parentsserviceswereher

through many hours and days of outraged, but had offered no reasonable Appliances effort—so must every individual learn explanations, and she, though greatto appreciate good music, revel in the ly disturbed by her parents'attitude,

beauty of a painting, or drink the deep could not bring herself to believe that joy serious comes from intelligent which wrong. worshe There done any had are available, ship. are, course, of these appreof of young number any The acquirement

ciations is as essential to complete hapmen and women all over the land who

I felt. girl piness feel physical as are the acquirements. as this young much buy from visiting lady, art gallery as said to an I remember the perturbed young "You

a boy. On entering the large hall in love to play the piano, don't you?"I

your dealer whichsaw a themanbetterstandingpaintingsnear werethe entrancehung, I knewgreatestthatjoys.her music was one of her

intently gazing across the hall at a par- "Now then,"I continued, "do you reticular painting. It seemed to me an member the long tedious hours when

ordinary landscape, common enough to your mother forced you to sit at the a boy reared on a farm as I had been, piano going turn, turn, de dum, along and I turned quickly to the next paintthe keys, and the many, many fine things ing, and the next. In forty minutes I you missed while you later forced yourhad convinced myself that I had "done"self to keep at your practice?"Yes, she

hall by the had come. way I To my of those practices,"enforced I conUtah Power & the art gallery, and started to leave the remembered them. "At the time of one there amazement stood the same man tinued, "if had the choice you had

who had attracted my attention as I continuing at the piano or of attendingof in, rooted to the spot and same fol- a glamorous movie, and you had Light Co. gazingcame precisely the landupon same desire, your immediate lowed which

scape with a look that I shall never forwould you have done?"She answered

get. In all my later years I have never immeditely, "I would have gone to the

witnessed a face so full of pure joy and movie."

satisfaction. Well, I asked, "Supposing each time

There was a man who probably enyou were about to practice the piano:;v:mmmmmm*::::::-:-: v:v:->::-:-y;;::;;:::::;::>: well,joyedattendedhis eatingsimilaras welltheaters,as I, andsleptperas toyoudohadsomethingan opportunity,that seemedandmorechoseglamit, MAKE haps enjoyed all the activities I enjoyed. orous and interesting. What difference

Yet he had more than I; he had a joy I would it have made in your life today?"

in larger had never known. a He lived "I thought wouldn't She a moment,

entered, than at ever world I had and the to piano play and know would how ICEAt CREAMflavor—I that in resolved very heart moment my finest—Nohomeice—crystalsAny missing pleasures the be of one—No Deliciouscooking——SmoothNo rescorched flavor the whipping—I push horizon of—to back Easy No—my little have."in recipes )5<t Inexpensive—20 each pkg. it until larger that world embraced this Please free for fullsize send ad samThis young lady was ready to confess offer, ple or I grocer. just your buy from realm glimpsed. had

that she probably loved the movie today

LOtiDonDeiroy ceeded,I don'tbutknowI canhowno welllongerI havedo ansucart asshemuchattendedas shethosewouldextrahave times,done hadshe

Brand Homemade Ice Cream gallery in forty minutes. I have found, probably loved skating and dancing just

however, something of the amount of as much—but, in addition, she had a

toil, selfdenial, conscientious and that transcends selfjoy the others. She had LONDONDERRYSTABILIZER835 HOWARD, SAN FRANCISCO 3, CALIF.

if discipline it takes enlarge one would enlarged her world.

the horizon of his world—and some- (Concluded on page 546)

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here "appears the Mormon leader, Another and different story of a full stature and four square, imJoseph the Prophet lives in the most significant career.

measurably superior to most of the hearts of his people with affection eminent men of his time."undiminished by time. JOSEPH SMITH, THE

JOSEPH SMITH, AN JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50 PROPHET $3.00

AMERICAN PROPHET $3.00

..Jte

Wilford Woodruff, CanGeorge Q. and the Christian churches Know

intelliardent, Hamblin, non, Jacob will the Restored understand you of disciples gent, fearless the Church. "All other considerations were conclassi- tell their Prophet, story in the

cal manner. tained in the Holy Ghost."CHRISTIANITY THROUGH

THREE MORMON THE CENTURIES... $2.00 THE HOLY GHOST... $2.00 CLASSICS $2.50

DESERET"THE BOOK CENTERBOOKOF THE INTERMOUNTAINCOMPANYWEST"44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET P. O. BOX 958, SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

Please send me Name Address The following books: Herewith find..$.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 495 SOLDIER'S FAITH

* <rpHis young man is a Mormon priest, * and the only reason I can give to account for the fact that he is alive today is his great faith in the power of the Mormon elders who came and administered to him when I had given up hope."

The speaker was an army captain, the commandant of the camp hospital; his audience was a group of army doctors who had

gathered to hold a clinic before sending the patient to another hospital, and the soldier he was talking about was Pfc. Phillip Karl

Eidmann, of St. Paul, Minnesota. His story

is one of faith and courage, and of God's goodness.

LOOKS. Choose a blanket with eyeappeal, His connection with our Church has rather

that speaks fine quality in its appearance, wasan unusualCatholicbeginning.and his Althoughmother Protestant,his father

designed in colors to blend with the color when asked to state his religion during schemes of your home. registration for junior high school, he put

down Mormon, although he had never been the at Saint of a Latterday Church touch, the of inside soft to blanket FEEL. A

student, great time. and a made was He softly resilient drapes that friendly, weave, religions of of the of study thorough most a

and feels light, is generally a good blanket. the world, and became firmly convinced that

Mormonism is true.

WARMTH. Fine virgin wools woven into His assignment in the army took him to

topgrade blankets assure warmth, and Lincoln, Nebraska, and after attending one meetings, presihe the branch two amazed of or thousands deep into a nap make combed for baptism. applying dent asked by When insulating materially to to air pockets add he the Church, he what was knew about

qualities. able to give its whole history and discuss

its doctrines. Then he was baptized and

WEARABILITY. A good blanket with proper began an active career in the Church. When

care will give years of comfort. Pay enough his division was training at Camp Rucker,

to assure this kind of quality. Alabama,LatterdayPhilSaintwasgroupbranchthere.president of the

LABEL. The best value comes from the feltOnesickafternoonand reportedwhileatonthemaneuvers,dispensaryPhilfor

goods of a reputable manufacturer. He treatment. He was told that he had a temstakes his business future on your conperature of 105 degrees, and immediately

it hospital. rushed to the Before long tinuing requests for his label. was

that determined was of a victim he was

Ask your dealer to show you insidethe dreadof twentyfourdisease, infantilehours paralysis,he was comand

Wool O'the West blankets; we believe pletelybut wereparalyzed.told thatHisit wouldparentsbewereuselessnotified,for

they up fhese standards. them to attempt to see him because he could

live only a few moments at the longest.

Phil had asked that two of his buddies, who were elders, be notified, and the division chaplain complied. Phil said that although

he felt himself slipping, he knew he had to hang on until the elders came. One of the

elders was scheduled to leave on a train, wffife andthe trainthe commandingbe delayed sogeneralthat theorderedelder couldthat go and administer to Phil. Finally they arrived and performed the administration. By

morning the doctor could notice some improvement. He ordered that Phil be placed

in an iron lung, aind he remained there for

without.. Take the Measure of a Good Store eleven days, and was finally able to breathe | Whenit.I met him and heard his story, he

Your nearby dealer has your personal interests at heart. In spite of shortages and was in the hospital at Ft. Benning, Georgia,

restrictions, he is doing his best to serve you well and supply your needs. He is BH awaitingfor furthershipmenttreatment.to HotHisSprings,body Arkansas,was still

most interested in selling you quality merchandise that will merit your continued % paralyzed, but he was regaining the use of thing to hand. amazing one The was me his stocks again are complete, and he can give will when be happy patronage. He

full his cheerful outlook of on life. was He

to offer. service he likes of you the type if in chair, plans to attend B.Y.U., wheel a

necessary, and then go on a mission. He

PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS PORTLAND 3, OREGON hood,has absoluteand a surefaithknowledgein the powerof ofthethegoodnesspriestof God. My life is better for having known

him.

Chaplain Eugene E. Campbell

496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA relationships, unhappiness, will those in brutality personal destroy hate andv \jJou,na \/{/oman The fear that your experiences with only possible outcome would be chaos futility. qualities in you, kindliand loved most we

ness, humor, and tenderness.

in nation, nation, order any to be is trust trust you. and deep Our We ties of the great, sacred hold must Speaks sincere, the than ask /""urV no and more we

life. fortress is the the family For home that trust of are you. same aware We

it is training of the ground democracy; our have betrayed numbers some among By ARDELL B. CREERY citizens the leaders tomorfor of and in confidence, you, shaken your and

some cases destroyed your faith in for the future. (See also "A Soldier Speaks"—May home. You must never believe that the row.We share your hope

bitterness confusion and of the Out 1945, "Era/'p. 269.) disloyal. majority of us are nation A believe exists that a today, new we of their believe not do men who women union of order and peace world and its is to are virtuous well beon way

It patience will take born. and be can too, nation coming men, have a whose

faith, with fortitude but unwavering and lost their selfrespect. plead with We will equal the help be the of you Lord us, faith in to to remember keep you girl. I an American am the voice am it, to task. equal the be to must You loneliness in fear our the long and days of young reaching womanhood, out darken lest another the of war shadow this waiting. of an not as ask do across the of miles ocean earthI and We stand horizon. ready children's our We for the standards, of lowering excuse that separate us in from loved our ones to aid burden, part the of bear our to but rather bridge of as understanding I a the service. bring a of message you you. sustain and to cross great the of distance gap and confidence, faith, of of hope.

filled with history are of pages The lie us. that time expectabetween Your the young of America, We, women those gone have of mistakes the who tions high, are but of not us would we believe in trust you, share your their in the us, forgot Lord before who otherwise. have has them Every man for future. the hope believe that in to turned him greatness, you,Weand of and hour right the for to a demand good woman your fundamental of teachings decency, their profit despair. us by Let of time chilhis his wife, future the of mother

honesty, and righteousness will survive after following instead of mistakes, dren, her standards fundabecause and the this horror degradation of and war. finally that won have them. we Now beliefs affect his will mental profoundly

in are beginning to understand some to letWe remember continue us this war, also family home. But and a woman degree, small, the however very in direction his for p*ray to the Lord, living right clean the real has to expect on

struggle to preyou must through go as well as country, of affairs our the the part her of husbandto-be. Why the ideals serve youth. of your lives, become that in may our we own in should unclean she accept body a man

War is a destroyer of the inborn and mind, simply because society has a nation whose greatness is measured striving of man for the highest, the spirnot required as much of him, as of her? not only in the wealth of her soil, but

itual attributes of life. We know these I speak for the young women of the in the souls of her people.

things, their constant shadow is with us Church in saying we neither want nor This is our message to the young men daily in our lives, the shadow of fear. require the kind of freedom, whose of America.

"Got no time to fool with any

but the best motor oil these days...that's YICO!"

Yes sirl Anything that helps keep that hardworking power equipment going smooth and steady—free from

holdups for overhauls—well, that's worth having these

days, isn't it?

You haven't time to fool with anything but the best

lubricative protection for your precious farm machinery.

Better have the Utah Oil products distributor leave

it into the crankyou VICO Motor Oil next time—get

case of your automobile, tractor and truck—and keep

goingl

Call or See Your Nearest Utah Oil Refining Company

Distributor, Station or Dealer.Mll'lllillWill

pcpaa **iM n* SERVING FARM FRONT FIGHTERS

SEPTEMBER, 1945 497

Hoise Problems! <=Jjennltion5 of

GOVERNMENT P Compiled by ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

'//f/S. 1)0 y of the Editorial Department offi "::,. shop

]><"*'were that believe governments in benefit the for instituted of God 11\tal. "$tayrarti WE holds that he men of man; and fiosp'WHY WORRY to relation in their acts for accountable

WITH IMPAIRED adminand laws in making both '*! ALONG them, or ft"* safety for the and good istering them, EFFICIENCY WHEN

of society. (D. & C. 134:1.) SOUNDCONDITIONING

WILL SOLVE YOUR We believe that all men are bound to

PROBLEM sustainernmentsandin upholdwhich thetheyrespectivereside, whilegovprotected in their inherent and inalienable rights by the laws of such governMOUSTONE ments; and that sedition and rebellion

procitizen thus every unbecoming are ABSORBS NOISE AS MUCH AS 75% accordtected, be punished and should

FOR WALLS AND CEILINGS. ingly; and that all governments have a

as in their laws such right own to enact BRINGS.NOISE DOWN TO A WHISPER. to secure calculated best are judgments

Here is a fireproof, soundabsorbing tile that absorbs sound, the public interest; at the same time,

improves appearance and reduces upkeep. It is one of the however, holding sacred the freedom of

real contributions of science to increased efficiency under conscience. (D. & C. 134:5.)

almost every condition. We believe that rulers, states, and

MODERNIZE YOUR WALLS AND CEILING WITH ACOUSTONE boundgovernmentsto enacthavelaws aforright,the protectionand are of all citizens in the free exercise of their religious belief; but we do not believe

that they have a right in justice to deprive citizens of this privilege, or proscribe them in their opinions, so long as a regard and reverence are shown to the laws and such religious opinions do not justify sedition nor conspiracy. (D. &

C. 134:7.) Percent of noise absorbed that strikes walls or ceiling And that law of the land which is constitutional, supporting that principle of

Let us tell you about satisfied users and recommend the solufreedom in maintaining rights and privitions to your problems. Estimates are gladly furnished. You leges, belongs to all mankind, and is

can SoundCondition your building and pay for it in increased justifiable before me. (D. &C. 98:5.)

efficiency, calmer nerves and greater satisfaction.

The aggregate happiness of society, the practice is best which promoted by ELIAS MDRRIS & SDNS CD. to be, policy, is, or ought of a virtuous

250 East South Temple Street—Salt Lake City L Utah the end of all government. (George

Washington.

All government of right originates from the people, is founded on compact only, and instituted solely for the good of the whole; and they have at all times

the inalienable right to alter, reform or abolish their form of government in such manner as they may deem expedient.

(Declaration of Rights of Maryland, I 1867.) Good government, and especially the government of which every American citizen boasts, has for its object the protection of every person within its care liberty consistent in greatest the with FIT BETTER WEAR LONGER of society, order and his perfect good

SINCE 1850 security in the enjoyment of his earnings with the least possible diminution AMERICA'S FINEST OVERALL for public needs. (Grover Cleveland:

Message to Congress, Dec. 6, 1886.)

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEPTEMBER

15 mt

Jonnmnvia

By MM PRINCE REDD

-Photograph by Quentin Howard -.AsEING ten, I skipped the path, and made

v >/ The dry leaves whirl in spirals from my feet;

The meeting bell had rung; its tones still played

With fluted echoes all along the street.

I ran to meet my mother at our lot

Where I had played with dolls beneath a fir;

But the game of keeping house was not

The joy of carrying the Book for her!

I took the Bible in my hands, so proud

To hold it that my heart was tight; I could

Not wait to turn a shining page. The loud

New rustle was like whispers in a wood

That set me searching, searching everywhere

To find the magic that was hidden there.

C7,HE last thin echo IIof the bell was gone;

J I walked sedately back at Mother's side.

"You find the text, my child, then hurry on,"

She said. "It's Matthew, chapter V,"I cried.

Blessed are the poor in spirit... Imbued

With quoting, I would let my finger trace

As she'd complete each loved beatitude.

The task, she said, of keeping them in place

Required keen attention: I must learn

To prompt her well—I knew them all by heart

So often had we said each one in turn,

I sometimes wondered, was my mother smart?

Now, I know such dear complicity

Was Mother's way of teaching them to me!

hi G7iODAY I walk the garden path and turn

J Those pages with the same grave care

As when, a child, I watched the autumn burn

And read the Savior's words recorded there.

Blessed are the poor in spirit... Words

That still are in the echoes of a bell.

My mother said them softly, and the birds

Took up the music of her voice, to tell

The wind and me. Oh, not in every season!

For me there's just one magic time of year;

I mix the months to fit my childhood's reason.

When winds are edged with cold and leaves are sere,

When birds have gone away on silent wing

I am not sad—September is my Spring!

SEPTEMBER, 1945 499 AMERICA'S WITNESS FOR CHRIST

By WILLIAM E. BUNKER

the Book of Mormon are fifteen

Inbooks, including the Words of Mormon; and in these fifteen books are

239 chapters, as follows: First Nephi,

22; Second Nephi, 33; Jacob, 7; Enos, 1;

Jarom, 1; Omni, 1; Words of Mormon,

1 Mosiah, 29; Alma, 63; Helaman, 16;

Third Nephi, 30; Fourth Nephi, 1; Mormon, 9; Ether, 15; and in Moroni, 10

chapters.

This is the genealogy of the book from Nephi to Joseph Smith: Nephi delivered the record to his brother, Jacob;

Jacob to his son, Enos; Enos to his son,

Jarom, who gave them to his son, Omni.

Omni delivered his sacred trust to his son, Amaron; Amaron to his brother,

Chemish; Chemish to his son, Abinadom, and Abinadom delivered them to

his son, Amaleki, who had no seed, and knowing King Benjamin to be a just man,

Amaleki gave them to him. King Benjamin had three sons, Mosiah, Helorum,

and Helaman. In due time King Benjason, sent to his the records Mosiah. - min Not yet, but time Benjamin's King and Jacob Up to

his posterity held the records for seven

Much as we'd like to, we can't complete that generations.Ammon, Aaron,MosiahOmner,had andfourHimni,sons,

sentence. none of whom would accept the kingdom, but desired to go to the land of

Soap is still near the top of the list of materials Nephi to preach the gospel to the

Lamanites. Therefore the monarchy

needed to win the war. So until the orders are was replaced by judges appointed by the

changed the great Fels plant must spend most of voice of the people. Mosiah delivered the records to Alma, the younger, who

its time making soap for fighting men. was Chief Judge. Alma gave the plates,

which were written in reformed EgypThis doesn't mean that you can't get any FelsNaptha tian, to Helaman, one of his three sons.

Soap. The limited supply for civilians is distributed HelamanShiblon, deliveredwho entrustedthem tothemhis brother,to his

as evenly as we know how to do it. There will be nephew, Helaman, after holding them

times, certainly, when your grocer has FelsNaptha hisfor sonthreeNephi,years.whoHelamanalso deliveredgave themthemto

Soap on sale. to his son, Nephi, who wrote of the visWe know that most times the FelsNaptha bin will itationfore turningof Jesusthe Christrecord tokeepingthis land,overbeto

be empty. And although that is disappointing, we themhis son,to Nephi.his son, ThisAmos,fourthwhoNephiheld themgave

think it's better than depriving the men who need for eightyfour years before giving them to his son, Amos, who kept the record good soap as much as they need good weapons. for one hundred twelve years. Amos

relinquished them to his brother, AmThe day is coming, when you will go to the maron, who was restrained by the Holy hide Ghost to them in the earth. Ammet a soberminded ten FelsNaptha bin and—if you feel like it—fill your maron lad of

market basket with this famous soap that now seems and told this boy, Mormon, when he of twentyfour, to the age of like a luxury. We hope it will be... soon! takereachedpossession the records. Mormon spent his time abridging and arranging the voluminous collection of

plates before he gave his life as a general on the field of battle. Moroni finished his father's work, and hid the

records up in the Hill Cumorah; cenFels-Naptha Soap turies later he revealed their hiding place

BAN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SOME THOUGHTS ON \A/ar, ana Sowow, ana jeace

By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

in lived heaven, to see the the goodness of our and end Father again, through mercy we have millions that of daughters sons of his war. This Onceof another be God's and some will mean may

permitted, in due time, to return to their homes.

What a terrible thing this war has been. It seems a pity that intelligent people will continue, from

generation to generation, to make war upon one another and destroy one another, to spread sorrow and distress and to waste their substance, just to satisfy the selfishness of a few people who want to dictate terms to the world. And they cannot do it. It is not possible for them to do it. It is not their world.

The world we live in is our Heavenly Father's property. We don't own a foot of it. We may have a

life lease on some of it, but we do not own it; and when the time comes for us to go from earth we demonstrate that we don't own it, because we do not take any of it with us.

What about this war? Why is it? There is only one explanation for the war that is now concluding, and that is that the people of this world refused to honor God and keep his commandments. The

result is that they live in the territory of the adversary, and he undoubtedly gloats over the fact that he has been able to destroy millions of them and bring suffering, anguish, sorrow, and distress to millions more, because of the loss of loved ones who have been killed in this war. So we may know that war is

the result of unrighteousness, not righteousness. All wars that have ever occurred have happened because of unrighteousness.

The President of the United States has asked us to pray and to remember those who have given their lives that we might continue to enjoy our blessings. I hope we have all done this, and I hope we have

done it with something more than lip service. In this favored land, choice above all other lands, we may

well unite in prayer and thanksgiving that the war that has devastated many nations has not touched our shores. Surely the Lord has favored us, and we should evidence our gratitude by honoring him and striving to obey his counsels.

The best evidence of gratitude at this time is to do all we can to bring happiness to this sad world, for we are all our Father's children, and we are all under the obligation of making this world a happier place for our having lived in it.

Let us extend kindness and consideration to all who need it, not forgetting those who are bereft;

and in our time of rejoicing for peace, let us not forget those who have given their loved ones as part of the price of peace.

If this thing we call death were the end, such circumstances as so many face today would be unbearable, but when we realize that death is only one of the steps that the children of God shall take throughout eternity, and that it is according to his p Ian, it robs death of its sting and brings us face to face with the reality of eternal life. Many families have been called upon to say goodbye temporarily

to those they love. When such passings occur, they disturb us, if we will let them, and thus bring great

sorrow into our lives. But if our spiritual eyes could be opened and we could see, we would be comforted, I am sure, with what our vision would behold. The Lord has not left us without hope. On the

contrary he has given us every assurance of eternal happiness, if we will accept his advice and counsel while here in mortality.

This is not an idle dream. These are facts. To you who are members of the Church of Jesus Christ,

this story is a simple one, but it is true. There are sacred volumes of scripture that our Heavenly Father

has placed within our reach, teaching us that we live eternally. If there are any of us who do not understand the fact—that we are living eternal life—it is because we have not faithfully sought the Lord and

prayerfully asked him for the inspiration that we need to understand. The Lord has given us this information in great plainness, and from the depths of my heart I thank him for the knowledge that he has

given us, that those who mourn may be comforted and that we ourselves may understand our purpose in being here. If those who have passed on could speak to us, they would say, "Press on, press on, for

the goal that will bring us eternal happiness together."Do the things the Lord would have you do, and you

will not miss anything that is worth while; but on the contrary you will be continually laying up treasures in heaven where moth and rust cannot corrupt or thieves break through and steal.

I leave my testimony with you that I know that we are living eternal life, and that the temporary separation of death, whether occasioned by war or by other causes, is but one of the steps along the pathway of eternal progress and will result eventually in happiness if we are faithful.

I pray that men may turn to God, and give obedience to his ways, and thereby save the world from further conflict and destruction. I pray that the peace that comes only from our Heavenly Father

may abide in the hearts and in the homes of all who mourn. Again I testify to you that I know these

things are true, as I know that I live, and I bear this witness in the name of Jesus Christ our Lord. Amen.

Jke (editors Jaqe SEPTEMBER, 1945 501 We purchase stove wood, coal, oil, and gasoline for the energy which is released when they burn. It is expected

that we shall be able to set the date of the burning and the conditions under which the conflagration takes place. We

depend mightily upon the fact that the kindling temperature is well above ordinary temperatures and that devices such as stoves, furnaces, and automobiles have been invented to control the energy release. In each energy release,

molecules are broken down and built up by the interplay of atoms which themselves remain intact. The energy

of demolition and fire bombs also comes from the interplay of atoms—certain

molecules are destroyed, others are formed. Such bombs could be called

molecular bombs. The atomic bomb gets

its name from the fact that its energy comes from the breaking, not of molecules, but of atoms into fragments.

If atoms are to be broken up, they

Illustrated by Charles ]acobsen

VL ATOMIC BOMB With the ending of World War Can jr. Otunvia II, there is reason for great &v DEAN, COLLEGE OF ARTS AND SCIENCES,

rejoicing. the instruments Yet,

of destruction, created by our best BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY minds and used to bring victory, have chilled our hearts with fear—fear that

at some unfortunate day we might be small can never be seen, not even with must be composed of parts. During the

on the receiving end. We ought to the highest power microscope. So we past forty years, we have learned to

be impressed now, if we have not been shall never know what they look like. "look"inside the atom and discover its

impressed before, that we must learn to But even if we could see them, we structure. This is not done, as has been

live at peace with our neighbors and all probably would not recognize them as pointed out, by the use of the microthe peoples of the world if the race is to being like anything we had seen before. scope; but man has learned to see the

survive. But let us continue to hope We need not form exact mental pictures invisible by interpreting the messages

that fear may soon be followed by love to know that atoms are the units out of which come out of the interesting atomic of God and mankind, and that this shall which molecules are built. For example, structures. These messages, as interbe our motive for peace. the wood molecule (cellulose) is compreted today, tell us that the atoms are

Often the fear of destruction has posed of hydrogen, carbon, and oxygen composed of these "particles": electron,

chilled the heart of man. The tempest, atoms. At the kindling temperature the agile negatively charged electrical

lightning, thunder, and fire still impress oxygen atoms of the air unite with the "particle"which moves with very many him with nature's might. Gunpowder, carbon atoms to form carbondioxide of its fellows through the filament of a

demolition bombs, fire bombs, and now molecules and with the hydrogen atoms flashlight when the switch is pressed;

the atomic bomb are terrible evidences to form water molecules. This process proton, the very heart of the hydrogen

that he has been able to unlock nature's of burning goes merrily on, and heat atom, a positively charged electrical pentup energy. He has been able to energy is liberated, energy which was "particle"about eighteen hundred times

harness wind, tame lightning, and constored when the green leaves of a tree as massive as an electron; neutron, a

trol fire, and he still remains custodian in the presence of sunlight forced out proton and an electron in very close asof the key that unlocks the door to naoxygen atoms from water and carbonsociation so that their charges are ture's pentup energy. Can he as sucdioxide in the process of producing the neutralized (if the electron were much

cessfully curb his ambition for world woody fibers. {Continued on page 540)

power? There is nothing to fear of the

fruits of scientific discovery, if man will love his neighbor as himself! Even the nucleus

and protons will 2 be safe energy atomicconcentrated electron neutrons 2 it nucleus controlled andin be hands; can such (total electron of 6) fc protons (totafoT2K is there for the good;released human electron and 6 neutronsAit requires that aboutnothing demonic nuc!eus(proton) /n destruction. for onlythat used it be

/\ne of the simplest examples of energy release is that of burning—the

burning of wood, coal, oil, or gasoline.

The change taking place is called a chemical reaction. In order to explain

necessary reaction, it becomesthe to HYDROGEN HELIUM CARBON moleculesinvent and atoms. These tiny

denizens of the world of the very, very 502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FATHERS OF MEN arvm 0. Jilt,On OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC &y

:.:.

itoUlol

=,', - -—.-... ill - * -. '.

'lji.pr- - h. --.

.::.. f:.:?/;

".; ".:- -.. -*

cattle, of breed talk of your desire for cemetery wealth acquaintances of when twoUnwarranted You strain, higher for a plan And the the sitting deceased and power intoxicates on the ditch human were soul. Mr. Father, that precious You double the food of the pasture, bank whittling away. ( You know, these

grain, of the measure heap up is for praying cronies old yours, to of a You giveboy who whom we sometimes nation, of the wits the on draw You little islittle ten of time, tall worth thinking.) your ear, do some As better the the pen, barn and You

that its hearse than times bankthousand more moving was along with doing, are brothers, the But what you my account, those stocks and bonds and To better the breed of men? precious cargo, one of these fellows said

that business ambition that you have. to the other, speaking of the deceased,

Are you too busy to heed him? When You boast of your Morgans and Herefords, "How much did he leave?"His friend

colt, calf the or of a worth a Of things to are of go, no worldly those the question he putyou must have whom scoff the at scrub the and mongrel And Irish. after been tovalue you, the but your as a flash boy lives Quick came dolt, fool a or a worthy As

you. He is the monument you leave to You mention the points of your roadster, reply, "He left everything."Yes, Mr,

your name. Yes, some of you good dads With many a "wherefore"and "when,"'Father of that boy, when they wheel

need to be labored with more than the But, ah, are you counting, my brothers, you away to the graveyard, you will sons. Yes, it is you sheep who have The worth of the children of men? leave everything.

It is the astray, the lambs. notgone

of roancolored your You talk that in the filly, A few weeks ago the writer had an worldbiggest wonder heifer shapely and sleek, so so Your unusual experience. will never He place stanchions shall be filled in yourmany of our lambs do go straight. No

forget anything pleasant, but it. It was that's or weak. unworthy By stock

Some months ago in a stake conferBut what of the stock of your household? but this experience has been indelibly

ence I listened to a splendid talk. After Have you wandered beyond your ken? impressed on his soul. About four

the speaker had finished, the brother Oh, what is revealed in the roundup o'clock one afternoon, a very prospersitting at my right nudged me and told That brands the daughters of men? ous gentleman came to his office. I

this year or story: two "Ame guess worth or he was $200,000 your what of ago this And boy? Have you measured would in the Church. nothing doing wasman more. not of our a member He was for year? His needs a growing

All he was thinking about was his busiDoes your mark as his sire, in his features, Church, but the writer had done some ness and his club. He very seldom Mean less than your brand on a steer? business with him and had the highest

graced the Church. One Sunday mornThoroughbred—that is your watchword respect in the world for him. He was

ing his twelveyear-old boy, instead of For stable and pasture and pen, not a young man, and it seemed that is your But what word for as School, forgetting dressed Sunday the homestead? during the past years, got the he few

breeders Answer, of men. you to read the did, continued alwayshe I dollar bug, or he went mad. money

funnies. The father in surprise said,—Author unknown. have learned since this experience that

'Bill, what's the matter with Sunday this gentleman would wake up in the

School today?'The boy looked his $?r middle of the night, call his secretary on

father straight in the face and answered the phone to learn the exact amount of resolutely, 'I am on a strike. When man back into the Church. That was accrued interest against a particular

you go to Church, I'm going.'Brother a wonderful talk he made, wasn't it?"loan. He had the dollar so close to his

Ashton, the answer was a little abrupt, Once a financially prosperous gentleeyes that he couldn't see ahead of it but that was the thing that brought this man was being wheeled off to the (Concluded on page 544)

SEPTEMBER, 1945 503 Songs and Music./

Make a joyful noise unto the Lord, all ye I will sing to Jehovah, for He hath triumphed lands. gloriously;

Serve the Lord with gladness: The horse and its rider hath He hurled into

Come before his presence with singing. the sea.

Know ye that the Lord he is God: Jehovah is my victory and song: He is my

It is he that hath made us, and not we ourdeliverer;

selves; He is my God, I will praise Him;

We are his people, and the sheep of his The God of my fathers, I will exalt Him!

pasture.

Jehovah is a hero of war: Jehovah is His

Enter into his gates with thanksgiving, name!

And into his courts with praise: The chariots of Pharaoh and his might He

Be thankful unto him, and bless his name. cast into the sea:

For the Lord is good; his mercy is everlastHis chosen captains were drowned in the

ing; weedy sea.

And his truth endureth to all generations. The depths covered them;

(Psalm 100.) They sank to the bottom like a stone.

right hand, glorious in Jehovah, O power, right hand, in pieces broke Jehovah,Musicsionhasof beenman'sthereligiouscommon feelingsexpresThyThy O since the beginning of human the foe.

history. Primitive man has always sung.

Civilized man is touched by the power In the greatness of thy excellency thou hast thee, that overthrown them opposed other than of modeJ any music more by didst fiery let loose thy indignation, Thou beautifulli expression. of more No like stubble. and it consumed them

given ever imageryrhythm and was in LARGE CAST OF BRONZE A MUSICAL BELL—ONE Indian the the of folklore songs than SERIES. B.C. V-VI CENTURY

tribes of North America. They are The inhabitants of Canaan melt for fearl

poetic expressions, integral and inseparFear and dread fall on them.

able from music. We recall also the inOr the common gulf of life, At the greatness of thine arm they stiffen, in

junction on the first page of the Bay He had past terror, like stone,

Song Book of the old Puritans of MasLong before, the Greek who first Till thy people, O Jehovah, have passed

Openly over; "If sachusetts, reads: any which

art the accurst be afTaught of arms if flicted, let pray, any merry be and him strife Public Till thy people, whom thou hast made thine forests let of the sing Psalms."him Out toils alas! on, Toils for he over, own, have passed

came the first sounds of music: and the Hath ruined mankind. Till thou hast brought them in, and planted

deserts of Egypt and Palestine caused them on the mount of thine inheritance.

the Israelites of old to look up and see People sing when they have passed the starry skies and then sing praises through some sore trial or sorrow. Witto their God. After the human voice ness the Latterday Saints raising their

first of praise, came theuttered sounds in thanksgiving as they to voices God the of instruments.musical Many to the turned to make their West way

sarcophagal drawings of Egypt, four over the prairies and mountains to the thousand years before Christ, include unresponsive breast of the desert. It was

representations of harp andgraphic William Clayton who led them in song esinstruments,lutes, of mandolinlike tablishing the fact that the ancient toil fear, Saints, labor come, nor ye Come; no instruments. musicalEgyptians had

your with But way; joy wend Babylonians true of the is alsoThis this to appear, journey hard and Tho'you may

is It Israelites. the Greeks, fromancient shall as day. your be Grace

however, that we derive our own musi- 'Tis better far for us to strive cal system, which is the direct descendOur useless cares from us to drive;

ant of the old Greek scales. A Greek Do this, and joy your hearts will swell

goddess presided over the fine art of All is well! all is well!

music.

As early as the fifth century B.C., the When we hark back to the march of

Athenian theatre was a center of drathe children of Israel, their miraculous matic art of the Greeks, and the chorus escape from Egypt had "raised the exwas well trained for song and dance. A citable spirit of the vast host to a delirisong from the tragedy of Ajax, written um of joy."An almost helpless multiby Sophocles in the fifth century, refers tude, "cumbered with women, children,

to the "art of arms,"that "hath ruined and cattle, with the sea before them and mankind."the terrible chariots of Egyptians befor hind,"they seen had made a way

relief? oh will come when When, the through waters over the and them

will end When delivered to Sinai. deserts had God tortured tale years of All the

Years that send them from bondage, and they were in

Over me their ways of doom the open spaces headed for the PromHAARLEM CATHEDRAL ORGAN

Without cease, ised Land which God had prepared for t

Labours, brandishing of spears, them. They were free and greeted the

As I roam rising sun with dance, and sang their The place, O Jehovah, which thou hast made dwelling; plain, the grief wide Troy's Over of praise. songs So we sanctuary, of Greece. shame And O Jehovah, which thy hands lyric of as the song known prepared! haveMoses—"thethe great The havethy

O that into the dim past noblest and oldest triumphal ode we

Of the wind, possess."Jehovah is king for ever and ever!

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ANCIENT ISRAEL

his horse, For Pharaoh's chariots, and and president cLevi C*daar ujovivi9 & his riders, sea, the went into

And Jehovah brought back over them the OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY waters; But the children of Israel went on, dry, through the depths. known to scholars dates from the early othy. This collection of ancient records

revised translation a of Exodus -—From is in the of possession third from of the comes Amherst century and part now

in 15, as given Geikie's Hours With It a to brought breathes College, of America Alexandria. and was by Clement

Bible. the spirit: late Pierpont the devotional Morgan. Among J.

are of writings these manuscripts song ever the lips of Iswas on The all of Saints, subduing King Word of the O Christian such as the folearly hymns, rael, late as as the and Apocalypse Father, Prince of the of Wisdom, High Most

John the Revelator, we have those who Support of sorrows that rejoicest in the lowing:

race, of the ages, Saviour Jesus, human stand glass, the of sea on mingled with saints, live the to with Seek Bridle, Helm, Shepherd, Husbandman, fire, the having singharps of and God life, the fire. to escape receive to seek Seek all flock, Fisher of the holy Heavenly Wing ing "the of song the servant of Moses, learned, fast the hast thou which hope Hold chaste of the saved, catching are men who the of thee. for God, and the determined Lamb."Master Which life fishes the hateful with sweet from wave

blessings, bringing came many God etc. vices, of sea of a Israelites their religious 'T'he had death, victory over a triple wrought He

songs, for they were a musicloving What a devotional and reverent state Jesus who suffered for this, saying:

I fall not that prey give a thou back my people. scarcely There occaany was these with music of mind words would

... death. to sion, joyful, sad or whether which to! was lead imagine us can a congregaOne

in as exan Jordan, he washed washed He reflected in not their song. tion had Christians, They of earlyday opening ample,

wedding and love songs, their death and their hour of prayer and service with: His is the stream that cleanseth.

burial lyrics. The threnodies, or songs "O King of Saints... Prince of WisGod said, Feed the stranger, the stranger

of honor of the distinguished dead, live dom, Support of sorrows that rejoicest and the helpless, on by tradition to the present day. The in the ages, Jesus, Saviour of the human That thou mayest escape the fire.

most beautiful example of this form of race...."O the fire! fearful for the wicked!

is saints, the Christ of the Christ crown lyric is the poetry rolls In which comDavid a collection of papyrus known... fire is the for wicked. the the of deaths of as heard posed he the there when has Papyri Amherst

listen to hast grace, been Freely thou under come imJonathan. most large fragment the found Saul and of a The Greek of the the poor. prayer

portant collection of the songs or recension of the longlost testament of Speak no more arrogantly...

Psalms was known as the Psalter, a colHezekiah, an early Christian work origSinging psalms with the saints... knowing

lection of religious songs which were inating at the close of the first century these scriptures, current among the Israelites and in and giving us valuable insight into the Thou shalt never fear death.

of worldliness course of of time and selfishness became the hymnbook of many

Particularly the chief ecclesiastics at that time, communities. as We readily imagine the apostles singall Jewish

ing to of praise every words God almost heresies this well as of in in the the growing the temples used hymnbook was lives. of their the minute Joyfully would described the songs All of the Church, synagogues. of in the second book and

saints small congregations in Palesof ascribed tradition Psalter been Peter and in the second book of Timhave by little in their tine in sing the first century it is the psalms to David, but known that were composed at different times as ocsanctums. The seventythird Psalm

casion arose. The whole range of genumust have been one of their favorites,

ine religious feelings, from sublime ex- "COULD YOU PUT IT IN A POEM?"for religious idealisms and complete

altation consequent upon the possession selfdenial attain their highest perfecthis song. tion in the of words The clear conscience, grace By Vera White of and a God's

is of based on their knowledge God longing state of the soul of anxious to a for God, is reflected in these songs. As '* was thinking about the boy today, deepest convictions.

we read them today, similar feelings are * The first time I picked him up.up. 1The Whom have I in heaven, but thee?

stirred in our own souls. "Create in me way And there is none upon earth that I desire

a clean heart, O God; and renew a right beside thee.

faileth; flesh heart and my spirit My me."within blanket bundle, Small

is the strength But God of my heart, their first Christians chanted feel. The smell and Warm forever. portion And my art of unassuming Soft, "simple aweprotected, music, the

arts united in sorrow and song. 'It was Pinkfaced and real! We can appreciate the spirit of these

natural for them to sing the psalms, and words when we realize how often one of their most prized ones was the "And I thought of the long way he grew, worldly thoughts and the love of gold twentyfirst: and words hundred one The he said, what he learned to out, love in these days, our holy crowd

..."do scholar in comof modern God. One eyes unto the hills, I will mine lift up

from whence cometh my help. menting on this Psalm says:

My help cometh from the Lord, which Syllable words.

made heaven and earth. Understood in laughter. To see God, to gain heaven, is even now

He will not surfer thy foot to be moved: Tumble of steps, to many people synonymous with freedom

he that keepeth thee will not slumber. And heartclose after! from temporal sorrow and pain. In this

Behold, he that keepeth Israel shall neither Psalm we have an Israelite who, to the slumber nor sleep. "Till he grew up, all the way through, shame of Christians, ventures to say that

The Lord is thy keeper: the Lord is thy His uniform... and the day we knew..."heaven would be nothing without God.—Dr.

shade upon thy right hand. Rudolf Kittel.

shall smite thee nor not sun by day, The Kaleidoscope days,

It this rejoiced that thought Paul night. was the by moon to older. be all Rush life shall in thee preserve from of he worldly up his Lord gave The when uniform, Tall to a

evil: he shall preserve thy soul. Fate at his shoulder. things to labor for Christ. The singing

The Lord shall preserve thy going out of the Psalms by the earlyday Christhy and coming in from this time forth, and tians nations to all made them known feel fathers "Other must think and this way. for evermore. even will people. of and generations into They put it I thought some you might a poem

One of the oldest Christian hymns day."belong to the world and eternity.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 505 A LINK

—Illustrated by Charles Jacobsen IN THE

,he car horn shrieked out- "You aren't well enough,"Verna side the Thouse just as Josie Barlow protested.

pulled a red felt tarn over her mop of Josie struggled to smother the cough black curls. that rose in her throat. "Of course I CHAIN

Josie flung up the window and glanced am,"she declared confidently. "What's

down at the lightcolored car, barely a little old spell of flu? It's gone and

visible in the damp, cloudy evening. well, I feel fine now."

"In a moment!"she called down to Verna's worried look increased.

the crowd. "You know what Daddy would say.

Someone called back, "Hurry, Josie! He wouldn't want you to have a reThe football game won't wait for us, lapse."was in service, and she was giving

you know."Josie hesitated at the foot of the actually giving her labor to a nursery,

Josie wriggled into a thick tweed coat stairs. Of course Daddy wouldn't want when she wouldn't really need to work

and grabbed her purse. Ignoring the her to have a relapse, but on the other outside the house.

tight, "sniffly"feeling in her head, she hand Daddy knew that she was as tough Josie!

stairs. thehurried turtle. a down being Besides, as Daddy, a

It front just the as opened Josie was his off conductor, railroad on was Sis,"called Josie between "Oh, small, that voice came a door mellow well ask couldn't "run,"she very andbreaths, she halfway down. was when living the of corner the from room. him. girl slim In with honey- a moment, a

little, It lavendarclad Josie's was to argued, she anyway,"more hair, "And apron white wearingcolored a sitting knitting her grandmother, with likes herself to than Verna, dress, me "Daddy applain darkblue herover Josie the spoken. by window, had who getting for time. to as have a good in living door. And thepeared Four room still held the turned, but She doorknob.

I I'll I if sick, the one only do, guess be sister, her school high thanyears older impatiently. waited there!"to to Mills Barlow had come homeVerna suffer—so "Listen, dear,"Barlow Grandmother staff huslive sergeant her while young final hurried words, Josie those With is this like "life softly, a earth said on service. In in contrast to theband was her with door. front to However, the is that in link chain, every person a and quiet restless Josie, she gay,the was still hesitated. she the doorknob on hand link. link chain. touches another Every serious.and she with the Verna, That was way that."you're a And link—remember gently, said Josie,"Verna "You "Oh, she married, she thought. Because was look. puzzled a took Josie's on brow this in thearen't to going all fun. having She forgotten about had game—not said, respectfully, "Yes, she GrandButweather?"football a important couldn't see how mother!"though, I course It's was. Verna Sis. the championmust, Of game "But

slipped through the doorshe Then queer if she did have a dear, even I wasship game. Albany has to win—and gone. and was way getting a governideas. she was, Here I just have that stadium. to be athave

to."ment allotment because her husband "Hurry!"someone in the car yelled.

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Josie ran, feeling a damp, cold wind relaxed, and she was coughing. The Verna nodded.

against her face. The dampness was on pain in her chest was deeper and Josie remembered something else.

her spirits, too. Link in a chain! Grandheavier. Every moment was an eon, The mothers of the nursery children

mother could always say the most and her spirits sank even lower when were very poor, and they had to work.

puzzling things—disturbing things she tried to return Kink's jokes. They depended on the nursery to take

sometimes. And what did links in chains "But at least,"Josie told herself, "nocare of their children. It meant that the

have to do with Josie Barlow, she wonbody feels my pains but me—they can't mothers could not go to their jobs.

dered. She only wanted to see the call me a softie."And then, though she hardly knew

championship game, and to have a good why, Josie thought of her dream. Chilin... links chain... Verna in a drentime. quietly the slipping ater, between

... too. chain, the herself that told covers, Josie warm "Move over, Kink!"Josie told the f

boy nearest the door of the car. As she she would feel fine after a night's sleep. Suddenly, it seemed to Josie that she

took her place with the two other senior But it seemed like hours to Josie bemust get well at once. And she said so.girls and three senior boys, she forgot fore she did sleep. Then she slept fitVerna smiled—a tired smile, Josie

Grandmother Barlow's quaint words fully, and dreamed that one end of a thought. She answered, giving an extra

and Verna's cautious tones. great chain held her, and that the other squeeze to Josie's hand, "You'll be well

links were around Verna, her father, soon. That sulfa medicine you're taking

'"p'HE huge stadium was a sea of noisy and grandmother, and some even works wonders."

spectators when Josie and her around little children. The next morning, Verna, more tired

the sitting bedever, by than was still chain,"in a Grand- a link "You're placefriends arrived. was The

still aching. chest side, and Josie's was in said dream, Josie's all Barlow the mother and Josie noted,crowded,

sheltered seats were taken. and Josie wondered in the dream what That day, Dr. Foster looked as long

at Josie. looked at as he had Verna meant. she seats,"side to to the "We'll go have softly, cannot said he "You Verna To It that she to on Josie seemed was said, in manner. a matterof-factKink your night, care sit and and up day fire bone she was Every awoke. when cold, over whipped wind damp The can time. at the same grandmother forWe breathe. hardly aching, she could and hit people, colorfulthe the of heads and hospital."to the Josie take of Verna's barely conscious She was protested, face. in the she "But,"Josie

that soft of voice the presence, and there.""we'll get over wet the in comfort certain a 'HFhere was matter, the honey?"asked, "What's

laughed. of it? Kink We're "What hospital, deJosie the of smell * clean in said a weakly. smiled She Josie

or seats it's sidenot babies and—there. she later And was cided sick, when whisper, hoarse "I—think—I'mnothing."the soft of quiet, steps the loved she Sis."

Josie said nothing, but followed Kink Josie saw the worried look in Verna's whiteclad nurses.

and the others through a maze of aisles, eyes, and closed her own eyes to shut Josie had a bed in a room with three moving crowds, and peanut sellers. out what she saw. She said, "I'm other patients. "One nurse can see to

The wind seemed even stronger on sorry, Sis. I shouldn't have gone to the all four of you,"the doctor had exthe side rows. The fine mist hit Josie's game."plained.

cheeks, and the cold wind stung her nostrils. Her feet were numb with cold,

and her chest was tight inside. However, she pulled her coat closely about

shivering body, and decided to forher -d 6t )m of itouna folk—for uouvia folk—and discomfort. personalget her

The band started playing. The cheer

leaders took their places in front of old onei who have younaT ideasthe crowd. The field was alive with

orangeand-greenuniformedAlbany's

Indians and Booneville's blackand-red By PAULINE TYSON STEPHENS

Crackers. Then the whistle blew.

Josie was conscious of a vague, fresh scent of the rain, but she forgot the sting of the wind in her nostrils. She ignored Verna patted her hand. "Never mind. And Josie understood. There was a

the tight feeling in her chest. She I'll call Dr. Foster. He'll fix you up in shortage of nurses since so many were

coughed between cheers, holding her a jiffy."in military service. And every patient

sides to stem the pain caused to the But Dr. Foster's tones gave no assurmade it harder on the ones left.

sore spots left there by her illness. She ance of a "jiffy"recovery. Instead, he The day wore on and it was night

munched peanuts, listened to Kink's was serious and positive in his stateagain. Josie fell into a nap, and somegood-natured jibes, and she watched the ments. time in the night when she awoke, there

teams and the scoreboard. "She must be carefully nursed,"he was her father by her bedside. He still

"Albany—come on, Albany!"toldJosieVerna,closed"dayher andstingingnight."eyelids. She woresmiledhiswhenblue heconductor'ssqueezed uniform.Josie's hand.He

Josie roared with the rest, and then felt a throb in her throat, but said "Hi, Chicken,"he said.

like Daddy thatwas silent. Booneville made a touchnothing. Josie smiled. Howdown, and Josie was tense. Next AlAll day long, she said nothing except was—trying to joke! He'd called her

bany scored, and Josie relaxed. It went to thank Verna for the kind minister- "Chicken"since she could remember.

on, and Albany made more points. ing. The sun sank finally in a clear "Hi,"Josie replied, staring straight

sky, and about that time Josie heard into his red, naturallyjovial face.

The struggle continued. The Indians the children next door laughing. Josie winced then. For despite her rose higher—higher in the score, lifting Suddenly, a new thought came to father's smile, there was an extra

finally in the last quarter on a huge wave Josie. She grasped Verna's hand. "Sis,"wrinkle in his forehead. Suddenly, she

final, cheer deafening of triumph. A that she said in a whisper, "what about your remembered something—something

into arose, its maelstrom. Josie sweeping school?"nursery of a shock. came as a sort

For the Indians had won. They were Verna said nothing for a moment. Her father was responsible for her.

tall captain state champions. The hand. Josie's she everything squeezed for paid of Then She He had—what

the forward went the coach and team finally, there ate. said your head "Don't worry she and wore And—why,she cheer the silver cup. receive to Another bill, that hospital and now."about a doctor's a be would

arose. Then there were speeches, and "I see,"Josie said dejectedly. "You bill. She remembered something elsemoving crowds, and laughing. had to close the school to nurse me, he was already in debt for her grandBut Josie heard little now. She had didn't you?"(Concluded on page 547)

SEPTEMBER, 1945 507 of smoking caused arrest in the progress of the disease, and that a resumption of smoking caused a recurrence of symprd the toms.

That such changes occur in the vessels can be shown by the examination of the arteries of the retina, which can USE OF TOBACCO

By JOSEPH R. MORRELL, M.D.

ThebasicWordplace ofin Wisdomthe doctrineshas hadof thea *>iiui>>iii

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, for more than a century. It use of tobacco, who would otherwise

has been observed more or less in detail remain well.

by a fair percentage of the members, faithfully by a lesser number. It has H'he Cyclopedia of Medicine sumbeen regarded as the revealed word of marizes the action of tobacco as first

the Lord, the observance of which a "primary stimulation of the spinal would be rewarded by definite physical cord, medullary centers, and in particublessings. The living of it was conducive lar the ganglia of the sympathetic

to greater spirituality. The Church nervous system, followed by a depresAuthorities have insisted on its observsion of the same nerve cells."This action

ance by those who were appointed to would cause an excitation and activity leadership in any field of Church activiof the involuntary muscle fibres of the ty. Under such conditions, it is natural arteries and the alimentary tract. It

for members of the Church to regard it would also react on the adrenal glands seriously, even though they may have because of their close relationship to the given little thought to the physical sympathetic nervous system and reasons for its observance. through them on the entire circulatory

The Word of Wisdom was given by system. The action of tobacco depends

through to therevelation Joseph Church nicotine on its stimulates content which he youngSmith when was a man. the depressed nervous mechanism, and Illustration by Fielding K. Smith

He had had no training to qualify him depresses the excitable nervous system, positive statements, based onto make thus for differaccounting the apparent seen, easily definitely be are and narscientific probably, research. from He ent reactions different smokers. on smoking, lowering rowed on and of by

little studies, nothing orhis knew own circulatory system The probably the skin temperature blanching and of effects alcohol or of tobacco the onof the serious shows as most change a reskin, the to a lessened due flow. blood

fact, of matter athe as body, and human sult the of in use of tobacco. Research is pressure increased blood The the and

little at that anyone, time by known was this field is extensive, conclusions and is pulse accelerated.

results indulgence. the ofregarding The positive. are the to damage done The immediate of symptoms The such rerevelation thepositive of language is arteries serious. the probably most are changes pain disturbed funcand conin hassulted and comment, much arteries in the coronary heart The mustions. If the vessels incoronary are disto source since of atinued be ever cle, the peripheral the vessels of and angina, volved, followed sudden by itcussion. observed have Those who extremities, the give spectacular most

all death, occur. anginas are may Not satisfaction their to provedhave own serious symptoms, the followed most by to tobacco, due tothe that but evidence live, it is to rulethat which sound a by is effect a consequences. usual The fatal is induces often the bacco attack if imperfectly, followed, even wouldand vessel, contraction the spasmodic of

great, so that cardiologists universally health. better in dividends goodpay disease with to vessel of the tendency a prohibit the patients use of tobacco by I several followed years wall. have For passing of blood amount The this disease. leg with pains induced The literature is the carefully medicalrather lessened, vessel the through damaged

in walking, patient the vascular with by it especially research,dealing with with almost completely and obbe may the extremities, disease of lower are been structed. has tobacco. vesselregard to of the Enough sudden spasm A incapacitating. often are frequentThey other smoking, to that orlearned the cause block complete a blood of show may the ly controlled giving of use up by effect beneficial fatal. flow, of tobacco, 8 has immediatelyuse which be can no tobacco. Clinic of the reAllen Mayo its is to addicted disease there of the person alreadywhatever any on Where said, cently legs can have your "You is its effect effect the vessel cause,use. contrary, other the harmfrom some On can't tobacco, or but you your have

all user, theful additional the to but not every aggravated be show by may both."

serious damage to the body that comes spasm induced by the drug.

susceptible. investigators that certain especially believe are thoseto Some who

reClinic 8 has published Mayo allergic is to tobacco. are physpersons HarHThe to a disturbed tendency aThere

ports observations of on a large investigative 1 after careful in serious physiouser, everyiology work kovy but logical changes are seen in relatively writes: "Conclusions from these tests number of patients, and summarized

follows: findings as "Longevity sufficient to are, that plays allergy an imthe to tobaccofew. Resistance be may

that of smokers, exceeds of nonsmokers role in certain of vascular portant uses forms it to excessenable one person who the varies with in smokers amount and as referable well as in the disease, age. symptomsto live advanced to an On

inciof smoking. Smokers an showed systems, such as respiratory, will to other susceptible personother the hand,

show early evidence of serious bodily gastrointestinal and cutaneous."In dence of 17.4 percent more coronary

injury which may prove fatal in a short this study he found that discontinuance 2E. V. Allen, Journal o[ the American Medical.Astime. Many serious illnesses doubtless X J. Harkovy, Journal of the American Medical Association,sJournal Decemberof the American30, 1939Medical Association, Ocdevelop in individuals weakened by the sociation, December 9, 1939 tober 19. 1940

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA disease in age group fortyfifty, than prevalent in smokers as in nonsmokers. tion, palpitation, shortness of breath,

nonsmokers. The incidence of coronary Doctors who smoke should be warned pain in the heart region, heartburn,

disease in patients under fifty, was greatconcerning the coronary constricting nervousness, were present in smokers est among excessive smokers, least effects of tobacco, particularly any infrom fifty percent to three hundred peramong nonsmokers, and intermediate crease in the shortness of breath. It is cent in excess of nonsmokers.

among moderate users. Other things time that doctors, most of whom are An attempt was made to determine

have a bearing on coronary disease, heavy smokers, should take time out to the effect of smoking on the pulse rates, such as heredity, temperament, and exread and study recent works on comskin temperatures, blood sugar content, cessive work, but tobacco is definitely parative mortality rates."and blood pressures and to compare the

implicated in the increased incidence of results with the results of injecting the disease."4 Tn the treatment of vascular diseases, adrenalin under the skin. It was found

Wright and Moffat have reported all authorities are agreed that absolute that the pulse rates were increased, after experimental work in this field. They restriction of tobacco is necessary if one and onehalf hours of smoking, an

selected a large group of smokers, some any success is to follow. Better results average of fifteen beats a minute. The

old and seasoned, and some who had are obtained in the young. When serious blood sugar content of the blood was

recently acquired the habit. They were organic disease has not yet developed, increased two milligrams. The skin

all examined carefully first, to see that these young people often are immetemperature of the fingers was reduced they were normal. They were allowed diately relieved by giving up smoking. nine degrees: the blood pressures were

to smoke in their usual way, and careAn interesting personal experience conslightly increased, especially the diastolfully observed during and after smokcerns a young man whose index fingers ic pressure. Their findings exactly paraling. They smoked all the standard were cold and painful, with beginning leled those following the injection of

brands of cigarets, as well as denicotingangrene of the skin of the tips of the adrenalin, and the conclusions were ized and mentholated brands. The folfingers. He was told of the seriousness that smoking stimulated adrenal gland

lowing observations were made: There of the condition and admitted smoking function and the secretion of adrenalin

was a slowing, and sometimes a comforty to fifty cigarets daily. He gave up which was directly responsible for the

plete stoppage, of the blood flow, as smoking at once, and the fingers promptdisturbed functions noted. This in time

shown in the nail folds of the fingers, ly warmed up, the skin cleared, and the would account for the secondary during and immediately after smoking pain ceased. In a few months he went changes occurring in the arteries with

one cigaret. The surface temperature away to an officers'training camp and, the resultant serious symptoms.

instances in fingers some droppedof the time, took again up spare having much naturalCriticism has medical men by 12 the average F. to 15 as reand promptly as much His symptoms smoking. results publication ly of of exfollowed

5.3. There for the group was was frightened,drop up gave turned. became He effects of perimental study smokon the

no change in surface temperature taken smoking permanently and has since had ing. Disagreement with the conclusions

over the foreheads showing that the no trouble. drawn, and the methods of conducting

effect was on the peripheral vessels. Graybiel, Starr, and White7 in a resome of the studies has been expressed.

the temperature of the loweringWith cent report of experiments with fortyobtained check up the results by To vessels, the these ofand constricting data investigators, five smokers gave some interesting some and asGrace Roth pressurespulse rates were and blood effect direct Clinic on the of smoking on the recently sociates of the Mayo increased.invariably symptoms Other pressure, heart series on blood and and a of experiments conducted

cold nausea,recorded were dizziness, in electrocardiograms. changes noted the Medical American As- (Journal of

instances and in a fewsweat, faintness, pulse 15, rate was increased by smoksociation, The in order July 1944) and mild convulsive seizures. Pallor of the ing one cigaret, an average of thirteen to eliminate the psychic factor involved

fingers was noted in most, during the beats a minute. The blood pressure in using ordinary smokers as subjects,

tests. The results of smoking the dewas increased an average of thirteen they used laboratory technicians and

brandsnicotinized mentholated and points. Control cardiograms were made clinic doctors at the employed were who obtained from identical those withwere tests started, the before one hour were spending in time the each much day

cigarets. brands of standardsmoking findings carefully the noted. and One laboratory. required to were They

careafter agent, toxic agreed theyThe definite all half of smokers showed cigarets of standard while smoke brands nicotine, tests, andfully controlled was tracings in recorded, while the changes sitting, lying standing, while down, and factors were other of thethe effects lastcigaret, the reaction one smoking in active engaged For control, work.

nicotine ofnegligible. amount The to coning half an hour. minutes from a few cigarets they containing smoked only

tained in different brands varied greatly, They concluded that the effects were corn silk. The results showed, first, a

and tobacco from various states and produced by the action of nicotine on decrease of the skin temperature of the countries showed a variation from 1.5 the sympathetic and parasympathetic extremities, of three to six degrees and

percent to 8 percent in nicotine content. nerves, the heart being forced to extra lasting onehalf to one hour after

The amount of nicotine contained, effort, as indicated by the increased smoking; second, electrocardiographic

however, seemed to make little differpulse rate and higher blood pressure. If changes in the heart function that, while

of in the all types as symptoms,ence it during as might follow, angina should constant. marked, not heart were The

results. identical causedtobacco it reaction, due that be of would period rate in all six cases accelerated to was

first the to describe the the Buerger carried 5 was to increased the burden by beats ten minute. Third, a basal

disease of the arteries that now bears heart. They demonstrated that two metabolic rate was increased in all

his name. It is an obliterative type of milligrams of nicotine are taken into the cases, the changes being under all condisease of the peripheral vessels, and blood stream during the smoking of one ditions of rest and activity. Corn silk

results fingers in offrequently gangrene a reaction to cause enough in a cigarets of these produced none 8 cigaret, the loss person.or toes or of that amount a limb. susceptible Wood When changes. Injections of two milligrams

says in commenting on the prevalence of is multiplied by twenty to forty, the of nicotine directly in the blood stream this disease and coronary disease among number of cigarets commonly smoked produced the same reaction as smoking physicians: "If they will study the cliniin a day, the reaction could become very standard cigarets, showing that nicotine

cal work of many investigators they will pronounced. was the responsible agent in the cigaret.

have convincing proof of the constrictThe Life Extension Institute gives These experiments were all repeated ing effects of tobacco, for the pathologic the results of a study of 2031 persons after "blocking"the sympathetic nerves processes in Buerger's disease and corexamined by them on periodic health to the extremities, and no changes were onary disease are identical, and Buerexaminations. It was found that sixtynoted in temperature, heart rate, basal

ger's disease occurs only in smokers, four percent were habitual smokers. A metabolism, or in the cardiograms. This

while coronary disease is six times as study of complaints of smokers and indicated clearly that the reaction *Wright and Moffat, Journal of the American Medinonsmokers snowed that such sympcaused by nicotine was through stimulairrita- throat as cough, nosecal 1934 and Association, toms August tion nerves. of the sympathetic These

Buerger, 6Leo and Company W. B. 4,Saunders investigators that were satisfied they L. F. o[ Journal 7Graybiel, Medical AsHeart the American American Wood, White, JourStarr and

sociation, November 20, 1943 nal, January 1938 {Continued on page 548)

SEPTEMBER, 1945 509 eamvia

some sort of decision. Occasionally

someone else does our choosing. Father

firmly suggests church—and we go.

Mother may, laughingly, insist that we are only young once—and we buy the

red hat. Bill may say, frankly, he wants

to see the movie. But we won't always

have the answers thus placed in our mouths, nor should we desire it.

Sometimes, too, our decisions may

Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr.

Ruth,portantthe firstchoice.gleaner,Justmadehow anmuchimJke Ljieaner Senear

grief and effort were entailed in that choice, no one knows; but once The Gleaner Sheaf is predicated upon the 24th Psalm, 3rd to 5th

made, peace descended upon Ruth; and verses inclusive, as follows:

the other choices of her life seem to shall hill into ascend shall the of the Lord? or who Who serenity. achieved withhave been

in his stand holy place?

all of necesher choicesHowever, were that hath heart; clean hands, pure a not hath and He who

sitated defined degree and by in some lifted his soul vanity, deceitfully. up unto nor swornher times—her country, her climate, her He shall receive the blessing from the Lord, and righteouscustoms, her traditions. They were ness from the God of his salvation.

problems of her generation.

from this season's gleaning, shall come forth bearing great /, a Gleaner, the All Ruths of today—the sheaf: my fourfold of in the Church youngbody women

the sixteen of ages andbetween shall forbidden body—nothing

intwentyfive are Gleaners the enter who of eternal it. It is my surety First,it—noI corruptionshall bring shalla cleantouchY.W.M.I.A.—will have at least one joy.

I shall Second, bring heart. from a pure in their From choicegrave my gleaning to make lives—the

ideals, flow high clean pure thoughts, speech, righteous the it shallchoice of whether, having known delight of walking with great ideals, actions. By the pure eye of faith I shall see God.

I shall bring an humble,they shall forever follow those standobedientThird,spirit.from my season's gleaning

ards into what may be, figuratively, I shall obey God's laws with delight.

strange lands, or whether they shall "re- I shall honor my womanhood.

turn from following after."They will I shall intelligently, diligently, and prayerfully perform my

be the choices involved when eternal duties. I shall know God.

truths must stand and meet the great Fourth, from my season's gleaning I shall bring an honest sweeping forces of accepted customs mind.

I shall false not bear witness. beliefs of popularand fashions—the this I truly. shall speak

will dealgeneration. choices These I shall honor word. my

integrity, purity, chastity, honesty,with I shall truth learn the and the truth shall make me free.

devotion, and diligence. They will deal

with faith in the living God and in his Thus bearing my fourfold sheaf, I shall hope to ascend

Son, Jesus Christ. They will probably into the hill of the Lord and stand in his holy place; then shall I

be more complex and numerous and receive the blessing from the Lord, and righteousness from the disturbing than those of the Biblical God of my salvation.

met.Ruth. they will have to be But Wallace Bennett the—Rose organization within Gleaner The

M.I.A. attempts to help us all to find

ourselves in this basic land of trust in our Heavenly Father. It hopes that once

established in this faith, we will learn she must either come in or go out and not be very important. We may not

to "glean"—learn to measure all of our the child cried, "I can't decide. I can't have to wear the hat we select unwise-"gleanings"by our fourfold sheaf, learn decide."ly—we can always go without one. Ifto make our innumerable decisions and We all stand in "doorways."Shall Mary doesn't like the wedding gift we

selections fit the purposes of a clean we buy the red hat that is so gay or have chosen for her, she can probably body and heart, an obedient spirit, and the black one which looks so smart? exchange it. But, often, upon our ability

an honest mind. Shall we go to church or hiking? Would to make small decisions gracefully,

Mary prefer the silver dish or the sweet quickly, and reasonably, rests our abil- "Precision is often difficult. All of us blue vase as a wedding present? Shall ity to make what important decisions

know its pangs. You may rememwe go dancing or to the movies? Shall are permitted us—and make them wiseber Edna St. Vincent Millay's verse in we go to college this year or work? ly. Gleaning should be a constant exwhich she tells of the child who stood Many vexing questions appear each ercise and training in selection. If we

in the doorway. Her mother told her day. We seldom escape from making are wise, we do not dodge such choos510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LIFES A CHOICE

(Lmliu /r. 5tennett ing. We weigh—if we have anything &9 i OF THE Y. W.M.I. A. GENERAL BOARD to weigh—we think, we feel, and we decide—firmly and soon. We defer,

of course, when others are concerned unlessvolved—buta violationwe goof throughour integritythe decidis intoonce,try butsmoking.I wantI tothinksee itwhatwill it'sbe onlylike, ness.dom, toIt helpslive byus tofaith,knowandtruthto and"stretchfreeing process because choice is a great and I don't want everyone to think I'm our souls"—by choice. A boy recently

fundamental principle of growth. It a goodygoody."said, "I felt that I was becoming limp,

was laid down with the foundations of "I want to be married in the temple, physically, so I decided to run a mile the earth and is inherent in the revealed eventually, because I certainly want my every day. At first it was hard, but,

gospel of Jesus Christ. By reason of the family forever, but I don't want to go after I had run a mile every day for

frailties of mankind and the weaknesses through right now. My fiance smokes a thirty days, I felt like I could run forof our governing concepts, some of our little, and besides I don't want to wear ever. It's a good feeling."That is the

socalled "free agencies"are denied us. the garments; so we'll be married outgleaning feeling.

Controls of many kinds are fastened upside of the temple now and go through There are around eleven thousand on us and every evil habit or deed—later when we're ready to settle down,"Gleaners in the various wards and

collective individual or thouof the whether M.I.A.—eleven I course, anything branches wouldn't do "Of

us. ocin rules upon the marvelous clamps more sand associated little There are really kissing bad, sometimes but a

military, but besides the drafts keeping of discovering and many helps turn a boring date into a pleasant cupation if principle of the highly, value, exists alive choice the abundant which we evening."

to to protect this justify it and choice, choice in the world. They we strive

that story I did exaggerate "Perhaps it. hope, of wise use the in our best selection gladly grow making by We

it bit, but, I got started, when in that reason, doing so their situation we a little with and in every within power become, daily, less constricted and didn't sound as funny as I had thought and opportunity of their lives. Gleanstronger in our power to decide.—I just had to pep it up a little to get ing is a choice life.

terribly interest I'm of the crowd. first the figuratively, chosen It have, the that Those of said one been who has

it it Jane's but upset sorry was Mary, beto mile day, eventually run is every a that "canthings decide must we we told for she fault a little adding on when crowning Gleaners. in This Golden the come all band"instruments the play

It sure like never her. be can seems you title is Gleaners Talent, time. bestowed at upon who the least not same not—at things as exactly repeated having of at least of three years fairly period through all well a are hours energy, and

distributed and limited. Choice and you mean them."have fulfilled special requirements.

selection are our constant companions. Measured against the standards of These are widely distributed in the

these sheaf, statements Gleaner cultural,.that the executive, realms of spiritual, article stated recent magazine A

sad, foolish, a little sound more than activities. aimed and creative They are "read President his way Truman had

through"his town library. This might and undignified. They are the result of to develop the young women of the

mean that the president of our country frail half truths of immature gleaning. Church into the selfreliant, selfre-

is an avid and phenomenal reader, but The Gleaner organization helps us to specting, happy, useful, and attractive it certainly means that the library was meet the great problems of our times individuals that life intended them to be.

exceedingly small. The millions of with joy and distinction. It helps us to Theirs is a good feeling. They are now

published books in the world call for decide whether—while our boy friend is more than six hundred strong and are the art of "gleaning"—of hunting the away—we amuse ourselves as best we ready to meet the leadership needs of best. If we fill our mind with nonsense can or whether we delve into that wonour Church and communities—ready to

and impurity, we cannot fill it with sense derful gift of free time and use it to imhelp others choose a choice life.

and loveliness. No matter how greatly prove our talents,

we long to learn and to do—to dance our minds, and our

well, to swim, to play tennis, to sing, sympathies. It helps

to play the violin, the piano, or the slide us to decide whether trombone; to write a great novel or a we want to gad and

perfect sonnet; tocook, to nurse, and gossip every eveto comfort the forlorn—there is always ning or whether we

a limit. It may be reached sooner in want to help our

some lives than in others, but it will be neighbors and our reached. We can't do everything. All families. It helps us

of us have to select and choose. We to decide whether

must "glean."The Gleaner organizawe follow the retion helps by setting up standards and vealed light of this

establishing values. generation or slide

along in the easy, /""'asual sad commentaryconversationon isoursometimespowers ofa indifferentfamiliar spirit world.of an

choice. How often we hear such reIt helps us to

marks as: choose our activi-

"One drink never hurt anyone. There ties, studies, enteris very little alcohol in a cocktail and it tainment, recreation,

would be impolite to my host or hostess and friends; to select

to refuse."the principles by "I WANT TO BE MARRIED IN THE

"I'm not underhanded, and I certainly which we live and TEMPLE, EVENTUALLY, BECAUSE I wouldn't deceive my parents, but I want measure our happiWANT MY FAMILY FOREVER, BUT—!"

SEPTEMBER, 1945 511 Part I LELAND H. MONSON into environan &f

Ljeneral {boardMormonment whichwas borncould have him similar state of savagery existed among made of lb the Lamanites, their captive fed who an unbeliever, a skeptic, a man the flesh of their husbands, women and ZDeJerei )unaatt Jcnool Off,tuon of the world. and LamanThe Nephites

ites were living in a limitless ocean of their captive children the flesh of their fathers.* It sin abomination. a and period was tial life his into came man he was when Indeed, the Nephites Lamanites and superstition, idolatry, selfin- of and ten old. years man, That Ammaron, of fourth the after century Christ spiritsdulgence. resorted to and They the keeper records. of the told was He pitifully state reached civiliza- a of low rather Christ,demons, the than to Jesus plates about Mormon many which tion. licentious, a depraved, They were their land, of as of conmeans aGod he spirit instructed been the had of by 1 bloodthirsty, godless and people.trolling supernatural power. Witchhill the to the in Lord bury Shim, and It this into of black magic, world was craft, sorcery, in magic and abounded charged responsibility the with Mormon sacrifices, unrestraint that human and land.the of engraving the history of the people It born about A.D.* 311 was Mormon 8 Idolatry practised, especially was by of one the on records. doing, In so certainly not an was to environmentthe Lamanites. Frequently they when exercised singular influence a Ammaron the encourage elevation the of human territory,conquered Nephite they ofover pointing his lodestar Mormon, out spirit the expansion of the and human their captives, fered chilwomen, and to him. focused attention He Mormon's 1 mind. sacrificesdren, as their to idol gods. historian, on field becoming an the of into however, Mormon, a born was acrid of odor smoulderingThe wood, in endeavor his offered which Mormon religious after his home. was named He the sickening flesh smell ofand burning greatest contribution. father after the and place where Alma land. the through winnowedwas life in at a purpose the mind With age first his baptized selecconverts. The Nephites to degenerated point The a ten, of firm resolution with sucand to a tion that of indicates sincere rename restraints the civilization ofwhere no ceed, laid the foundation Mormon ligious convictions the his of part on inhibited theirlonger desires. base Capstones later built his which upon he parents. small boy, a unAs Mormon,turing the wives daughters the and of superstructure of leadership. Moral knelt doubtedly, his beside mother andLamanites, deprived their they of them (Continued 550) on page

life is communicated with God. Hisvirtue, until tortured they them were

1:4 Vbid.. 8 fact. of that evidence flesh. their feasteddead, then and on A

Fortunately for Mormon, an influen- 1:19 Mormon SILVER GOLD PLATES BY UNIAND FOUND

sIbid., 4:21 ce*., 9:8 VERSITY OF CHICAGO IN THE CORNERSTONE

9:8, sMoroni 1:2 9 "Mormon BOXES, AUDIENCE PALACE DARIUS OF THE

GREAT.

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "AH /AH/ DON'T SAY IT"& -M, m rj "S,*HEis snobbish."quicker way to make enemies than to

Ah! Ah! Don't say it. You really let people know that you don't trust

don't know that she is. What if she them. You may be wrong and in case

didn't speak to you? Perhaps she didn't you are, you will have created such a

see you. Maybe she was waiting for wall of bitterness between you that it

you to speak first. She might think the will be almost impossible to break it

same about you because you didn't down.

speak. Often the way to make an individual

She may have been so worried or trustworthy is to trust him. If he feels

blue about something that she just didn't that you have faith in him, he is likely to think twice before he will do anything to break that faith. Your faith will encourage him to be more fair or honest

and will increase his own selfcon- fidence in his ability to do the right thing.

"She doesn't tell the truth."

Before you say that, remember the whom you are speaking the impression old saying, "He, who breaks the truth that she herself wouldn't want to tell himself, falsely."is apt to accuse others 7ijtold. an/Youthin9notthatonlyshelowerwouldn'tyourselfwantin It is a despicable habit to lie, but it is

just as much of a habit to accuse others her opinion, but you also run the risk of so doing, and it can often cause even of her telling others exactly what you more harm. It isn't necessary to tell have said.

him he is lying. He knows it without "I hate to think it is true, but do you

your telling him. know what I heard about her? Now, of

course, I wouldn't want you to say that haven't traveled, People who whose I said so—isn't education very broad, or who

right there.—Illustrated by John Henry Evans, Jr. matterhaven't beinghad muchdiscussed,experienceare likelywith theto In Oh!fact, Youyou shouldhad betterhavestopstopped before

think that a statement about started. somemade you These sentences should be

thethink speak. to thing Before you blame they is If do not untrue. know barred from everyone's speech. They

forother not speaking, person contradict they rememor accuse others of lyare certain to lead to trouble.

ber that ing, they are not their she may appreciate it if you only exposing Gossip? is This it how generally first. rudeness,speak their also but ignorance. own starts; each person little; adds a and

soon the story has is grown so and "She dumb!"changed tell I "I shouldn't you, but you know until you never would it. recognize that grates tell."remark Oh! on the won't How Your name is generally connected with isn't Itlisteners'generally ears. a true This sentence should written be in it, and you even get the blame for things unablestatement because means dumb It is red. dangerous. follows Whatever that you never thought of saying. it talk. indicates sayingto person The is certain almost to trouble cause for

his so brusque in being ignorance own tell somebody. shouldn't If you it, then "Didn't she look awful? She is people. other hisin about comments should not. In you are doubt you behomely."No

most cases it is better not to pass any traying someone's trust.

judgment concerning the other person's You immediately give the person to There is one thing that will keep you mental ability. If you do feel that it is from making such a remark as this. If

necessary to say something, it will you will only stand in front of your own mirror when "I think she you say better if you say,sound won't say it—you it again. it! she Trydidn't or "Perhaps understand,"feel you almost Why

didn't know about that."as if you are talking about yourself.

Strange how your own features change "I don't like her."when you make a hateful remark about

Never voice this opinion, even if you somebody. It is a sure way to spoil your

think it. Every time you say it the idea own face.

becomes more fixed in your mind. If When you say nice things about

you really dislike someone, it is more others, it improves your own appearpleasant for everyone around you if ance. The corners of your mouth will

you keep still about it. turn up, instead of down. The muscles

When you are around the person, exin your face relax, and you look happy.

tend yourself to be friendly. Be such a Your eyes will smile, and the frown

good actress that she will never guess puckers on your forehead will disapthe way you feel about her. In most pear.

cases the average person will respond The words that leave your lips will in such a manner that you see her beteither make friends or enemies for you.

ter qualities and will have an opporMost people make remarks that should tunity to learn to like her. be left out of their conversation. You

will always be ahead if you "check up"her."trust "I don't on each that should be removed

so Don't say though. There is no and then remarkremember—"Don't It!"Say

SEPTEMBER, 1945 513 P$[|MD

TJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake

A * Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY

By RICHARD L EVANS Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War

Time, 10:00 a.m. MountainWar Time, and 9:00 a.m. PacificWarTime.

vJn dSecomLna S5elfreliant ofcunitwni5t %a

T17e live in the paradoxical situation of having more people "VIE remember from childhood those who were forever concerned about other people's problems than ever changing the rules in the middle of the game, to their before, and the more the concern, seemingly the more also own advantage—and if they couldn't, they wouldn't play.

are the problems. The multiplicity of plans and of programs, And there were those who would profess fast friendship

of agencies and institutions, which have been created to until a more useful acquaintance came along—those who

help men find their way in life, is virtually innumerable. made professions of loyalty but who changed their loyalties

The multiplicity of instrumentalities and organizations as opportunity favored them. And as we grew older, we

would seem to have become such that it would be difficult found that this spirit of opportunism was not confined to for any man to lose his way, difficult for him to want for childhood, as we may once have supposed. In our dealings

anything that wasn't readily available, from the cradle to with men, we become aware that there are some who conduct the grave. Notwithstanding this, however, we hear more themselves according to preannounced principles, no mattalk than ever before of unsolved problems and what must ter what it costs them, while others permit their principles

be done if our social and economic pattern is to survive. to change according to their convenience and opportunities.

Altogether there is much ado about a tremendous number Of an opportunist, many definitions could and have been of things, and many able and earnest men and women are given, but perhaps we could summarize them all by saying putting forth their most sincere efforts, and still complexity that it is one who permits himself to do whatever he thinks multiplies itself. This whole energetic and conscientious, is to his personal advantage, regardless of what it means

and sometimes confused effort, would lead one reasonably to others. His only loyalty is to himself. He is one who

to ask: At what point in a man's life can he take care of forgets what he said or promised yesterday if it isn't conhimself and his own problems? When may we expect to venient to remember today. He is one who sheds old friends

become selfreliant? When can we begin to take down like a coat, when new ones seem more useful to him. He

the scaffolding? When can we take oft the splints? Of is one who hopes to carry water on both shoulders—both

course, the answer to this question depends entirely on bad and good, if necessary—thereby to be found acceptable

the individual. But judging from the instrumentalities that in all company, ever prepared to cast his lot where there is

have been set up to cope with virtually every problem at the most in it for him. He follows the wind as it blows,

every age, the philosophy would seem to prevail that we where it blows. When you find such a man, even one

have little expectancy of ever becoming selfreliant—as moderately so inclined, proceed at your own peril—because

long as we can find a crutch to lean on. It is good to have even when you know what he professes, you cannot depend

a crutch when we need one, but it is also glorious to see upon his course of action, except that you can be sure it the day when we can walk without one. "Men,"we are will be consistently to his own seeming advantage. On the

told, "should do many things of their own free will."* other hand, if you find a man whose principles you know,

The Lord God has given us intelligence and sound prinand who you know will stay with his principles, you would ciples and expects us to use them in working out our own do well to mark him and to build upon him, because even salvation, not waiting to be commanded in all things. A if he doesn't believe all things as you do, he may be counted

child that has every decision made for him remains mentally upon to conduct himself honorably according to a predictand emotionally a child. And a man whose thinking and able pattern. Long observance of the prevalence and perfidy

whose life are forever ordered by others, and whose probof opportunism would suggest the wisdom of appraising lems are increasingly solved by others, has little opportunity men according to what they are, as evidenced by performever of becoming selfreliant. But often when we are left ance, and not according to the badges and the buttons they

to our own devices, common sense and neglected powers wear, or the names they carry, or the banners they wave, or come gloriously to our aid. Of course, some of us will the promises they make, or the things to which they give lip

always need help; and all of us may sometime need help service. If they adhere to preannounced principles, they

but constant coddling, relentless regimentation, and supare to that extent predictable and dependable. But if their

pressive supervision are not the end of our problems—but conduct and their principles and their loyalties are changeonly the beginning of many more. able according to their opportunities, beware of them. They

are the opportunists-—and in them there is no safety.

'Doctrine and Covenants 58:27—July 22. 1945.

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

w* m,

St mm wwrn Ayyf-g-V;.v-:-v.-.-.y.-;.:..:;.;.:;.:.v.:.:.:.v.-..;.,: My';-.-;;.:; IsifpPil

which we attempt to hedge against many future eventualities.

( sn Jjehnlna Cull And the feeling of insecurity is a haunting spectre that often desirable But, men. of efficiency the and the peace destroys or knowingly men, actions, their justify own to orderTn security, concerning notions false is, it there are many as in evil such* define to attempting constantly are otherwise, at offered security false of varieties there are many and conscience. Unto comfortable themselves give to asa there way generation in every example, prices. For exorbitant attemptseemingly were Pharisees, who Scribes andcertain personal of promise the others offer would those are who his paid often Christ the thing, Jesus this very toing do highest the of for one in exchange security economic and have to desire their perceived for he respects,scathing for exchange for can pay that any man prices anything—in observing that so by defined precisely andevil narrowly high, is even price too independence. The his freedom—his the of infractions from absolved be could letter theythe offered. we Suppose they deliver to what able if were they are the spirit law of the of implicationsspirit. broad The of America fathers founding the to back to now go were Both convenience. or comfort for allinclusive toooften their for in exchange concessions offer economic them and codes their own have of men worst the and of best menthe their hungry muskets, battered their with they, freedom—to order in live strive to they which within conductof their price upon feet, a with and bleeding their stomachs, wellintentioned men sincere and Some conscience. satisfy followed, have which generations for the Fortunately heads. goodness, of principle one with obsessed narrowlybecome with any themselves concern not did of 1776 patriots the disare evil. Some of kinds to many blinded becomeand Forfreedom. for in exchange concessions or guarantees in others—to unjust and places in just some to be posed as they worship and rather work us, for would they tunately give to reluctance with principles, but universal recognize free men, life, live as of and their shape way own chose, and lives their seal to hope application. Some universalthem all somemust as men and know, as they knew, we because left hand the let not compartments—to convenient off into that security and to is the freedom that way know, time benefit to so speak—to doeth, right hand the whatknow guaranmatter freedom, who no is without security there no the on condone cannot they things hand by the one on offer material in want, any it someone or tees how. To respectability fruits of the purchase try to other. Some wellenvied than to be free are more but is men tempting, genthat enterprise, hoping questionable of gains the with security their out free own can work men because slaves, fed to where as all question silence will causes good to erosity fortunes the the and whims dependent upon are slaves but are some there who have. Then they got what they or how of principle the is to dedicated land This masters. their of both that formalities, and forms with absorbed so become principle, a irrevocable Godan of man, free agency the It them. escape they do of intent what the spirit and the in fought eternally. was war right, and temporally given A if good, to be himself adjudge that may fact is any man a since. it, likewise wars many maintain and to heavens the let evil. But definition of his to own make permit him we ". free."shall.. truth you the truth, make and the Know course, any of it include, Let defined. broadly evil be to be is that truth were made the men 8:32.) And (John then, beyond formalities. And and forms essential of neglect this founded nation truth was is which the on free, which in mind, enslaves that men anything it include surely let this, from want it perpetuated. will Freedom be which on and men's sorrows that anything physically; as well habit, as in its itself is only freedom but important, is exceedingly destroys that anything health; impairs that anything hearts;

: to our shape worship, to and to work, freedom guarantee that supanything progress; retards human that happiness, those of to the world who the message lives. was This own that anyone truth; anything ignores or misuses or presses millions principle for which Day, and Independence us gave to have wouldn't want that else he to someone could do 4, he since before 1776—and July and died lived and have things it also (let we include many in kind to him repaid lost security has of promise the for his freedom trades who and done have could that haven't we and done should have

both. 1, 1945.—My defined, anyone who and broadly evil thus be didn't)—let I

may have taken comfort in narrow definition will see the (Concluded on page 538) letter of the law shriveling pitiably in the presence of the

Copyright. 1945. broad spirit of good.—July 15, 1945.

ecuntu—and jrreedtom

Ruch consideration is given these days to the ques > tion of security. Security is a blessing greatly

to be desired, and few men there are who do not earnestly wish for it. Indeed, our

search for economic security is the reason for which we do much that we do. It is this for which we

work, for which we save and sacrifice, for which we insure, for

SEPTEMBER, 1945 \\Till meet again"We

C77HIS STORY IS ONE THAT WILL TUG AT YOUR HEART

J STRINGS... AND WILL BRING A MEASURE OF PEACE

i entered the chapel. Servhas been my joy, my sorrow, and my

ices had already commenced so I slipped interest ever since that day in Sunday in quietly and took a seat on the back services nine years ago.

row.

There is Mrs. Bullock, down near the

The church isn't changed. front. f\o5oLunnnn vvesioverWest &y

There are some things that even war She was a nosey old gossip, but she A YOUNG WRITER can't change. War hadn't changed the is part of home. She is part of this

church or its atmosphere, but it had town, this nation, and this world. She

changed me. is part of what I was out there fighting my hand. How I wish I could stand and for.

There is the same picture on the front read a scripture before these people wall, "The Last Supper."o,'h, it's good to see home, now.

here rest eyes where the on may my there are to Mother and over last at supper home. Dad I remember my my snowcapped mountains, forever safe

right. just family, the Pop,There was Mom, the horrors of from war. Ye "Oh

I girl, there Sue. then andTed, was my I Little Mountains realize High."did still aged. as beautiThey've Mom's I I still recall her Sue. do.loved Now all just I that until meant, hymn was ful as ever, though, there never and hair the hergoldencolored and way taken from them. away Thank God, Pop. than a more was handsome man at me. she looked softened when they will within be sight forever my I smile at the struts the he around way I. fun, lot of and a Sue hadeyesWe now. if as community the world. he owned

is speaking now, Bishop Wagner and Oh, there is Mr. Davis. Sue is sitting there with her motheris the dance. announcing coming ward

father. and

for to asked scripture read a He me

I I reone. never missed and Sue I evening. one Mutual at scared was I first like her. the Just day She saw in particular. one was Shemember first, I but interested so became in doesn't yet. about Gee, I wish know me beauqueen. so Oh! was Shecrowned I I that reading what overwas soon tell in her I could take her and arms mytiful as waltzed so and happy down we fright. meeting, After came Bishop my that will again. meet we flowers. arch the ofunder That was congratulated Wagner shook and me (Concluded 527) on page last engaged, nightthe became we my

night home.

They are singing, "Never Be Late."

the opening always That was song SUE AND youngster. a I was usually I waswhen AND WALKI WOULDDOWNMEETOLD

GROVER'S LANE, MAN never couldlate 'cause though, Mom CONTENT TO BE WITH to set her angle the right to findseem EACH OTHER hat. My mother. Oh, how I love her.

Strange how I always seem to remember the way she used to scold me for sneaking the pies for the gang, the ones she had just baked for Sunday dinner.

Sunday dinner was always a memorable occasion. Father always gave thanks

so fast that we never knew what he said.

I often wondered why he hurried so, but then it wasn't so hard to guess when the aroma of Mom's cooking began permeating the air.

The boys'chorus is singing now.

I used to sing with them. I remember

one Christmas when I was nine. I had

a solo for the Christmas Eve pageant.

I forgot my words, and when I looked down in the audience I saw a girl with goldencolored braids giggling at me.

Gee, I was so embarrassed. That was

the first time I saw Sue. At the close of Illustrated by

services, her parents asked her to apolJohn Henry Evans. Jr,

ogize to me. She did it a little reluctantly, but later we became inseparable. Sue

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PREPARING FO:J,nnounanf

"THIS IS THE PLACE"WEEK SEPTEMBER 28 TO OCTOBER 5, 1945

Pioof the 14, the Mormon vanguard 1847, April 6, Nebraska, n mm left Quarters Omaha) 9 (s neers Winter (now VON SECRETARY, the party EXECUTIVE In Mountains. find in the Rocky a to home

were one hundred and fortythree men, three women and "THIS IS THE PLACE"MONUMENT COMMISSION two children. Their leader was Brigham Young, President

of the Council of the Twelve Apostles of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

One hundred nine days later, the last members of the party dramatic episode which occurred about noon on July 24, emerged from Emigration Canyon and entered the valley 1847, at the mouth of Emigration Canyon through which of the Great Salt Lake. thousands upon thousands of the exiles poured into the

As the carriage in which President Young was riding valley in later years.

reached an elevation which permitted the first full view of As is usually the case, the historical significance of this the valley and the lake, the Pioneer leader requested that site and the momentous occurrence of that day were not it be turned to the right in order that he might study the recognized at the time. Only in the light of later developscene which lay before him. ments has the real import been appreciated.

Raising himself on his elbow from his sickbed in the While the actual place was known in a general way to carriage, he gazed intently to the west for several minutes. many thousands in the early days, it was not until 1915 that

Finally he exclaimed to Wilford Woodruff, in whose carit was definitely marked. At that time a crude wooden

riage he was riding: "It is enough. This is the right place. marker with a crosspiece was set up. This was later reDrive on."placed by a larger wooden marker.

the destiny uttered, statement historic that was When first In the 1921 the placed monument was Young by that of Salt but Lake, the valley of Great the of only not It Association. Improvement unveiled Men's Mutual was determined. region That intermountain entire was the It year. that of and dedicated 25 on erected to July was later history of the also of determined much declaration site until the suitable keep appropriate a marked and monuAmerica. all of Western erected as could be to the a permanent ment memorial heroic

The Mormon Pioneers founded the first AngloSaxon band that opened the first gateway to the mountain country, settlements in Wyoming (Fort Supply, 1853), Idaho (Fort and to this most dramatic historical episode.

Lemhi, 1855), Nevada (Genoa, 1851), Arizona (Beaver is erected to a great to be monument commemorate Now (Great (Pueblo, 1846), and Utah Colorado 1865),Dam, event. important 24, 1947, has July set as the been in Salt City, Lake this 1847). From headquarters Salt Lake

City, pioneer parties were sent to make homes in all parts date for its dedication. It will form an important part of

of the intermountain regions and as far away as San the great centennial celebration of the arrival of the MorBernardino, California, which was settled in 1851. mon Pioneers in the valley of the Great Salt Lake, July 24,

1847. It will cost at least $250,000, and will be one of

These historic facts emphasize the importance of the America's truly great monuments.

\\ THIS IS THE PLACE WEEK"WILL BE OBSERVED THROUGHOUT

THE CHURCH SEPTEMBER 28* TO OCTOBER 5/* 1945

Through the auxiliary organizations of the Church every person who desires to contribute to "This is the Place"monument will be given an opportunity during "This is the Place"week. The name of every contributor, large or small, and the amount

of the contribution will be placed in the cornerstone of the monument. Every person

who desires to honor the Pioneers is invited to join in this commemorative event.

Details will be announced through all the wards and branches of the Church.

*On September 28, 1847, Parley P. Pratt, **On October 5, 1847, John Taylor, memmember of the Council of the Twelve ber of the Council of the Twelve Apostles,

Apostles, entered the Salt Lake Valley with entered the Salt Lake Valley with a rear an advance company of the first Mormon company of emigrants who had left Winter emigrants to follow the Pioneers to the Quarters to follow the trail of Brigham

Rocky Mountains. Young to the West.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 517 Primary association at the time of her appointment to the board.

Thelma J. Harrison of Ogden, daughter of Irving W. and Emma Jones, and SSjSsSp has Harrison: She wife of J. Melvin

and active in Junior Sunday School CkwekjVloves On been

Western Canadian Mission President Salt Lake City's preTwenty-fourth dramatic activity in the Ogden Thirbeginning rodeo, a nine years included for celebration She was teenth Ward. past twentythe for Card, Y.Joseph special 22, Pri18. Sunday, July Stake of the leader July Ogden On play a Alberta the of a years member one held presiservices were stake as commemorative served and board mary appointed presidency, wasTemple

. Dr. churches. city's years. the for throughout organization two that of dent Canadian the Western ofpresident deChurch's the a of S. Jiggs, Bennion of Juniper is author the Adam She PresiFirst the 5, April byMission to a nationspoke education of book. activity Primary Miller Walter who partment succeedsdency. He the Columbia audience on radio wide of daughter Hale, Matthews Arta 1941. since servedhas the of "Church System's Broadcasting Sarah Ann and Matthews R. Harrison

Air"upon the subject "Pioneers of Matthews, and wife of C. Dewey Hale:

Freedom."She filled a mission in the Eastern

Monday and Tuesday, the 23rd and States, and has had leadership experi24th, the "Trailways of Freedom"pagence in the Primary, Seminary, and eant was presented in the University of M.I.A. organizations. She was a memUtah stadium with a cast of eleven ber of the Bonneville Stake Girls'comhundred. It first depicted the entry of mittee at the time of her appointment.

Father Escalante and his group in 1776.

Next portrayed was the coming of Jim Relief Society Report 1824. in trappers other Bridger and

in 1847, General President Belle S. Spafwho, the Mormons, came Then

settled in Utah. It was to these homeford has released the 1944 annual

makers, rather than the trailblazers, report of the Relief Society, and it is that homage was rendered. One of the published in the Relief Society MagaWALTER MILLER JOSEPH Y. CARD features of the sequences that followed zine. The following accomplishments

noted: are Temple the tolling of Nauvoo the was temple, the in his to addition work In bell. 715,769 meetings: at service work Sewing the of bishop been has President Card incompleted, articles 254,004 in with hours ushered fourth was TwentyThe and Ward, Alberta, SecondCardston, men's, bedding, quilts, womother cluding GarLindsay's at ceremonies sunrise by high Stake Alberta miscelthe of clothing, and children's a member en's, and the from parade morning a and dens years. items. seventeen for laneous council Liberty to monument Young Brigham spent 7,874 to women work: Cross him Red accompanied Card Mrs. Smith Albert George President Park. for articles 103,744 hours making 139,338 of the headquarters Alberta,Edmonton, their accomPioneers and the eulogized Cross. the Red mission. Park. Liberty at plishments proitems 83,414 Plan: Welfare Church

Elder Harold B. Lee Ground was broken during the eveduced, principally clothing, bedding, and

pillowsheets, Governor as supplies, and Smith such President household ning by Council the of Lee, B. Harold Elder towels. dish of Emicases and the at mouth B. Herbert Maw returned recently Twelve, the of is the "This the for gration Canyon of Hawaiian the tour threeweek a from will erected be Posts which Institute, monument, Seminary Place"the to Oahu him took which Islands 1947. in celebration centennial the for Richards, an on and "P\r. conference Woodruff Wilford quarterly Stake the 27th, 26th, saw and 25th, July *- the of Institute and Hawaiian the of the official of Logan tour member a Theater Salt original Lake revival of diappointed missions. staff, Pacific has been Central Religion

of the Hall, U. U. on Kingsbury at plays Elder islands the Dr. of his succeeding institute, tour that of During rector

Lee conducted a missionary conference, campus. Daryl Chase, recently appointed dean

visited several of the hospitals, attended The annual event closed on Sunday of students at the Utah State Agricul- a concert by the Royal Hawaiian Band, evening, July 29th, with the presentation tural College. Dr. Richards, who has

enjoyed a demonstration of a hukelau by the Utah State Symphony Orchestra, served for twentyone years in the or community fishing project which was and the Salt Lake Tabernacle choir, of Church school system, formerly prefollowed by a luau or feast, and met parts of Haydn's oratorio "The Creasided over the North Central States with a number of the twentyseven ortion."Mission.

area. in that He groups M.I.A. ganized been named has Cook O. Grant Dr. serviceBoard L.D.S. General Primary with meetings held also near Institute of Religion of the director and problems their considered Primary and of the men members new "pouR sucin Ogden. College He the Weber

organizations. announced have been *- general on board Braithwaite, now C. ceeds Royden

Tabernacle Reopened by that organization's presidency. They leave as a chaplain in the U. S. Army.

are: in the a teacher Brown, D. Almon TaberSalt Lake worldfamed '"Phe youngest Bennett, Grant Frances since the Church of system seminary *- general the to reopened was nacle Heber President late the of daughter prinseminary appointed been has 1932, been having after 13, August public Grant, andJ. on Wells Emily and Grant Previously Idaho. Falls, cipal at Idaho since precaution, wartime as a closed, had She Bennett: F. of Wallace wife and Pocatello at Ammon, served he had taken are Tourists now 1942. Ensign the March on years thirteen for served McAllister S. Ellis succeeds Idaho. He every building on historic into the she was board when Primary Stake for director recreation has become who ornoontime tour. in guideconducted 1936, A board general the to called city of Ogden. the weekday. each given will recital be Since years. five gan for served she where

to broadcast first nationwide as president The has served release she be her Club U. Emeritus 19. on August the public was to Stake, open Bonneville the Yale of Ward, presented Grant was Heber J. ARS. association. Primary *"University of Utah Emwith two Pioneer Day a daughLowry, Ardella Rockwood

'T'he ninetyeighth anniversary of the ter of the late Julius A. Rockwood and eritus Club pins at the annual banquet

* entering of the Mormon Pioneers Mary Ellen Rockwood, and wife of H. June 5, during the recent commencement

her, for Augusta pin was week. One years had twelve has She Lowry: D. was approthe Salt Lake Valley into

'77, to believed class of Grant, experience, Winters Primarv stake the and of ward wherever remembered priately

Church has established itself. being president of the Granite Stake be the oldest living graduate of the uni518 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

versity. The other was for the late PresiMISSIONARIES ENTERING MISSIONARY HOME JUNE II AND LEAVING JUNE 20, 1945

dent Heber J. Grant, former student and

instructor at the institution, who had presented many gifts and scholarships to the university during his lifetime.

Plans were made to present President

Grant his pin some time ago, but they were not carried out because of his illness. The presentation was made by

President George Albert Smith, president of the Emeritus Club last year, and

Dr. W. M. Stookey, who had charge of

designing the insignia of the club. JosephineReadingHarvey,left toWilliamright, frontR. Fuller,row: O/iVeVelmaMoody,King, HelenEmogenePark,Foutz.Phebe L. Rees, R. Leslie Allan, Don B. Colton,

30,000th Volume KathleenSecondB. row:Turley,FlorenceEsther Whatcott.Coo/ey, Alma Betts, Edna S. Hewlett, Rozelda Butler, Zora Nash, Leo Blosch,

The thirty thousandth book has been Hunt,ThirdRuth row:Jensen,RoselCatherineCoo/ey, Bowen.Donna Perry, Jo Wadsworth, Leona Farnsworth, Kathleen Bowman, Mary J.

added to the shelves of the GeneaNelson,FourthCatherinerow: GeorgeGolightly,W. Thelin,Helen BarbaraBooth. Larsen, Melba Christiansen, Louise Burns, Mary DeLa Mare, Delia

logical Library of the Church. The book Fifth row: Donal J. Hill, Grant A. Wadsworth, Vaudis Allen, Dorothy R. Johnson, Oliver P. McCartney, is Eisenhower—Man and Soldier, by Robert Lee Humphrey.

Francis Travelyan Miller. The library,

created in 1894, includes biographies, histories of families, and histories of places.

Dedications HThe Evanston Second Ward chapel,

Woodruff Stake, was dedicated June 24, by President George Albert

Smith.

Two chapels in the Northwestern

States Mission, one in Butte and the other in Hamilton, Montana, were dedicated in midJune, by Elder Ezra Tart

Benson of the Council of the Twelve, as he toured that mission.

Bishops, Presiding Elders Liberty Ward, Bear Lake Stake, William MISSIONARIES IN THE HAWAIIAN FIELD OF LABOR right: right: Josephson, to Bird, left left Front Anderson. Second to row, row, Lawrence Wayne Dwayne succeeds Kenneth Matthews Evan W.

Morris Barnes, President Castle Bushman, Edward Wiley John Eshulson, Walton, Nebeker, Murphy, RandallMorgan.

right: Shino, Last left to row, David Aubrey, Hunt. LaMont Werks, Neborco Tomo Kenneth Moser, Abo, Joel

First Price Stake, James Ward, Carbon Taylor, Carlisle, Rogers, Scott, Baggs. Roscoe John Harvey Noel Kent

W. Fausett succeeds F. B. Hammond.

Laramie Ward, Denver Stake, Roy A.

Welker succeeds Albert E. Bowman.

Orderville Ward, Kanab Stake, Binnie H.

Sorensen succeeds Rulon J. Carroll.

Clinton Ward, Lake View Stake, Myron

B. Child succeeds J. Albert Mitchell.

Harper Ward, North Box Elder Stake,

Joseph L. Yates succeeds E. Emery Wight.

Garfield West Ward, Oquirrh Stake,

Angus Leroy Langford succeeds William

Nathan Thomas.

New Harmony Ward, Parowan Stake,

Marion F. Prince succeeds Lyle B. Prince.

Fort Hall Branch, Pocatello Stake, Asahel

A. Perry succeeds Irvene Christensen.

Provo Fifth Ward, Provo Stake, Daniel

D. Bushnell succeeds Frank T. Bennett.

Rigby Second Ward, Rigby Stake, Lester

Hendrickson succeeds Eugene Stowell.

College Ward, San Diego Stake, Paul J. Left/'Fourth Ward Senior Scouts, which comprises every boy of senior Scout age in that ward; (left to

Hildebrand succeeds Terrance C. Heaton. right): Richard Roberts, Melvin Hortshorn, Dean Hunger, Kelsey Chattield (now in service), Donald Jones,

Nichols, Meyers, John Russon, Tomas Ralph Rex Bateman, Maynard Dean Peck, Jack Neal, Fifth City South Ward, Brigham (Assistant Leader), Taylor Allred, Box DonGray, Boyd Ross, L.ReedPeterson, Kenneth RuDean Mahlon Bateman Peck (Leader). succeeds Stake,Elder Rudger N. Price HowLossee taken. absent were when picture was and Ferrell

ard C. Jensen.

Firestone Park Ward, South Los Angeles

Stake, Donald C. Montgomery succeeds

Harold Slack.

Central Park Ward, South Salt Lake

Stake, Glenn A. Stoker succeeds Gideon N.

Hulterstrom. BEE HIVE

Waterloo Ward, Wells Stake, Lorus A. GIRLS

Manwaring succeeds Albert E. Smith. PARTICIPATTeton Ward, Rexburg Stake, Aaron O. ING IN

Ricks succeeds William D. Hollist. WEST

JORDAN Stake Presidencies GOLD Tzra Vaughn Abbott has been susGREENAND tained as president of the Reno BALL

Stake succeeding Nathan T. Hurst.

Fred C. Horlacker succeeds Daniel H.

(Continued on page 539) SEPTEMBER, 1945 519 of the world may well be as these tools are used.

Yet, it must be said that such instrumentalities, and only peace, effective for are devised, be that may Editorials others for peace us, have a will all of men, of as the masses based upon tolerance and trust among themselves. Naan r5 \Jvi Jrial, If low tional agreements have little value unless backed by

dictators, Tyrants and women. and peaceloving men cruel It is a remains over. world war second ""Phe for popular all, demand survive a cannot mongers war ** in the unequalled deeds, designs evil and of memory overboard cast courageously people the peace. Had made, earth the for history. was world's Man, whom cutpirates and of their crews Hitler and Mussolini and held beast, the rises were above he which honor, and by the agony spared been might have the throats, world

in inhumanity. man's reveled hosts Satanic in contempt. war. this unspeakable of struggle into the forced were peoples decent who The determines, over, us, the world of one each Therefore,

aghast, and ashamed, earth, stand liberty to preserve on future. Let the of the attitude, outcome his by own horror. trail and of battle blood the before aggrieved, will a there be family, and in every peace there be required the should be that such believe cannot They is responnation token, each the same land. peaceful By

liberty. price of eternal is warning the future. That world's the for sible only comfort seek forward, can looking Mankind, earth. of nation and to every man not thing happen monstrous the that may in the hope first imof added, as it this, all be must said Having events fortified is by dear that wish Happily, again. for all attempts which upon the that law portance, the These war. of out instrumentalities grew which and of God. the is law rest simply must peace permanent used, pass. Properly to divinely brought were doubt no nations and last at men when will earth come on Peace are as peace. to build the They path help they may not of the commandments to obedience yield God—and darkness. in lights the dim truth must impossible. That then will be before. War affairs has world's the settlement of immediate The of union three,"the "big the of actions the govern nations. victorious the three of chiefly, in lodged, been war on and every woman man nations, and earth—else are three the of men who in the hands means, That again. is to certain come been has nations. them the leaders of To constituted the to that! for As thank is over; God This war Alexander, them, Beside before known. not given power be trial. I, must are on all and you men, future, We pigmy were Napoleon and Khan, Genghis Hannibal, in of tastes war reject whatsoever and peacemakers affected will be remotest land world. the The rulers of responsibility. shift the life. cannot affair of every We through directly or three,""big the of decisions the by A. W.—J. world's the of centralization Such representatives. their

power may be a necessary preparation for world peace.

But, these men carry an awful responsibility. Unless otnerd and fieace

their in others of love decisions with their to they come peace mean of idea the could in the world one no nations, the and disunion will among they hearts, sow To childbirth, of throes the in for to women, than more war. another for ready the world make the fully than men appreciate more to come mankind have of peace among future women permanent more The

it. preserve to trying of necessity life, the all for and of nations of value union of a keeping in the be may to come they have deathbeds, sick and at vigils conin the In long world thought guiding the peace. This was

spirit. the of human eternal value fully the the of the impact more under Francisco, know in held San ference

as wars, disasters such feel that they dealing shall Consequently, will there be fair the common war. By have his and spirit mind before youth arise, they differences shall which cut down Should another. one among

be adjusted under world rules. No nation shall be the opportunity to attain their fullest growth, can have

allowed to make war upon another. Peace shall be no place in the world today.

found through means other than bloodshed. Such ideals Amidst the general rejoicing that war had ceased, the

realize they because is chastened, mothers most of diffijoy most over victory each nation of require self—the

are there spared, sons have been their are ready nations the while unless that own And, conquests. cult of all

to "give and take"in their many relationships, the union other mothers who will never experience in mortality will fall as a withered tree in the forest. the joy of having their sons return to their homes. To

Then, in the closing days of the war came the inventhose mothers who have been called upon to sacrifice tion of the terrible physical weapon, called the atom their sons, there cannot help coming a kind of bitterbomb. It is the greatest discovery of science, and the ness that they have to forego what would in ordinary

world's most formidable instrument for good or evil. times have been a natural association with them as they

The immeasurable forces which hold all matter totook upon themselves the responsibilities of families gether, and give us the solid earth on which to tread, and activity in community life.

those along with rejoice those all mothers, who and thunders To The command. at man's be set free may

will they that conviction the suffer, there must come atomic before who fade away sky the of the lightnings explosions. In a moment a city may be reduced to find some way to insure the world against a recurrence

rubble, a hundred thousand living persons laid low in of tragedy and devastation. And to women must come

the dust. Or the power may be harnessed to be our the responsibility of seeing that the peace this time will

obedient servant in undreamedof measures. Man has endure forever. Mothers are the guardians of the race;

indeed "explored to the utmost the stones of darkin their earliest teachings to their young, they have ness."This stupendous invasion of nature, this triumph the opportunity of preaching the gospel of love and

of the human mind, will foredoom all mankind to understanding so that false notions of racial superiority destruction, unless the "big three,"and the nations, and intolerance can no longer persist. Thus, they will

solemnly resolve to unloose atomic forces only for the come to know for themselves that all men are brothers.

perpetuation of peace. If mothers throughout the world would accept what

Thus have come, largely out of the war itself, three President George Albert Smith has stated so often, possible means for peace: the practical centralization that we are all God's children, soon there would be no

of world power for liberty and peace; the union of the feeling of animosity in neighborhoods, in communities,

nations for liberty and peace; and a terrific weapon to or between countries. Then indeed the world might

stand as a threat to all who foster dissension and warattain the ideal for which all peoples strive and "...

fare. These helps, in righteous hands, may be used as beat their swords into plowshares, and their spears

: nation shall not lift up sword against tools to hew the road to peace through the jungle of into pruninghooks personal ambitions and national discords. The future nation, neither shall they learn war any more."—M. C. /.

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

concord, not discord. There was no reading back in

nature. Every law seemed overshadowed by a universal

action. united of law law of laws—the Evidences and It the multitude of phenomena that apparent became

were fitted into one another as to a common end. The

picture of nature became more and more that of an reconciliations immense purpose in which man played an important part. Such universal harmony could not come from the

operation of blind forces. The mind refused to believe

XCVl'. <JJoe6 the [-roare55 of J>ciccence it. Scientists,The harmonywho ofabovenatureallcouldelse notare comehonest,bysawchance.this

harmony, this direction of discovered truth towards a *UJimlnldh the Lkattenae definite goal. They acknowledged that to the best of

their powers, they observed purpose in nature, else there would be clashes in everyday phenomena. Where

of i\eualton, there is a purpose, there must be a purposeful thought.

The universe, with its contents, emerged in human thinkalf A century ago science walked with lifted head, ing as a great thought. And, where there is thought, H very proud. She had peered into many a dark there must be someone who thinks! Thus in our age,

recess of nature and had found precious truth there. with the help of science, an ancient truth again took its

She had won much mastery over nature's hidden powproper place in the minds of the body of truthseekers.

ers. She had learned enough of the properties of matter There is intelligence dominating the universe. There is

to control some of the forces that act upon matter. The a God.

results in possible invention made the seven wonders So, materialism in science was laid low. Thoughtful

of the world seem as child's play. men turned again to faith in God. True, all did not

Then, many of her followers, drunk with a sense of define God alike. But all agreed that he is, that he is

greatness, set up their own explanation of life. Blasintelligent, and that his intelligence explains the metes

phemously, they declared that all the wonders of heaven and bounds, and the forms of operation of the forces and earth, of the mind as well as the body, of the whole of nature within the unbounded universe. When men

universe, seen and unseen, were but the operations of come to a belief in God, the beginning of wisdom is matter in motion. They lifted up the ancient evil of reached. It is then easy to reconcile any new truth

materialism; and worshiped at the feet of matter, force, with true religious principle or practice.

and energy. God was not, nor was he needed. Science did more in this time of increasing knowledge

This was an evil day for mankind. It was the "dark and clearer thinking. Theories or inferences drawn

age"of science. It was as if the sun had been blotted from discovered facts, were no longer placed first. It

out of the sky. Men walked as never before in darkwas recognized that, though necessary for scientific

ness. There was no intelligent direction of the universe. progress, they were but tentative explanations of obThere was no hope for men who were at the mercy servations made, subject to change with every new

of lifeless, unintelligent forces, often unknown, and discovery. The observations themselves, the facts of

beyond description. That law prevailed did not give science, were given first place, for, under like conditions,

comfort, for the law was without a goal. Chance they do not and cannot change. This has relieved sciseemed to rule the world. ence of much controversy. Science now admits that its

This unholy doctrine, which tore at the hearts of theories are but guesses until reinforced by more facts, men, could not continue, because it was untrue. Its and no longer casts derision upon those who will not

death was inevitable. It did at last pass out, and is now swallow them holusbolus.

as a memory of a moment of disordered thought. It A recent example of changing theories is before us.

was killed by science, which had mothered it. Three quarters of a century ago, men like Mitchell or

This was the end also of the conflict between science Flammarion spoke of other worlds like ours, inhabited and religion. Science is nothing else than a search for possibly by men like ourselves. In the "dark age"of

truth. When truth is found, it must be accepted, else science this thought was scoffed at, even ridiculed.

the search fails in its purpose. With clearer eyes and Temperatures or atmospheres determined for certain

impossible. stars planets of life This or made our kind in science nothing spirit, unprejudiced better saw men

materialism. fostered emiview Today, H. Russell, 1 N. field of encompassing with the more out of harmony

religion. If former beliefs crumble under the power of nent American astronomer, declared that there can be

stellar in there space not be no reason many may why matters. So, matter. truth, not Truth alone it does God 2

like ours. bodies heavenly There worlds may be many scientific thinking. fog before in man's The was restored

eyes was lifted. so conditioned as to support human life. Such changes

As science advanced, new wonders appeared. The in opinion in many fields, with the advancement of

atom was opened, and infinitely small particles moved learning, is a commonplace of science. Science now

within it according to unchanging law. The heavens walks humbly in the midst of a universe vast, orderly,

were opened; stars and planets of illimitable numbers and clearly a product of intelligence.

were found, were weighed, measured, and analyzed. Let it be said, lest misunderstanding arise, that men

The earth became but as a particle of star dust in the are moving towards belief in God in other fields than cosmic assembly. By new helps to the senses the science. Men of various pursuits have come to realize

It is existence. his certainty the of now understood in living of life and animals processes things—plants all in that the thoughts of humanity. he is real He is elucidated. day, in and With every were revealed

laboratories far and near, science grew, and revealed a ever with us. That is a strong evidence of his reality.

new world to our human eyes. Knowledge was multiIt is also recognized as never before, that history cannot

plied until the mind wavered before its comprehension. prove him a myth, for there is unimpeachable testimony

The wonder grew, for wherever students turned, from that he has shown himself. He may be seen in part by

the infinitely small to the immeasurably vast, whether human eyes. Above all, men have learned that by their

to dead or living objects, the forces involved moved in [Concluded on page 551 revealed Letter. 30, operation. 1945 harmonious system was Science orderly June News A

without 1:35, 33, 2Note number have Moses "Worlds along with precision every part moved in which lands; each earth, land beheld and was called many with "He and I therecreated."were

every other part. Whether in sky or atom, there was inhabitants on the face thereof."

SEPTEMBER, 1945 521 owing

ice

By SERVE DESSERTS CAROL WITH BILLOWS WILKES OF WHIPPED

VALLEY, IDAHO STACKING IN TETON HAY sky, a blue haystack, a were

International Harvester—Courtesy Company far clouds, and, white from some MORNING MILK There and of hammering away, the sound

will. penetrating, That you—always

on your pleasant warmth back. You It's so easy to whip when bowl, theItsingingwas fall.buzz Remember?of a saw. The sun

in leaves your hair and some hay that side haygot of the south on beater and milk are thoroughly shining shouldn't neck. your have That clean, down the and warm stack was warm

it was. chilled. And so delicious, too—smell of the earth and stubble rose lazily been pleasant, but about you. Shimmering waves of heat Those days always end—but you'll

thanks to Morning Milk's finer rose languidly from the level fields that never forget them. So simple, so beautiseemed to lay for miles. ful, so eternal! It's funny how people

flavor. But be sure it's Morning Do you remember what you were are always worrying, always working

thinking about? Nothing in particular! for something, when it takes such a litMilk you use—for Morning Milk's You just couldn't, being half asleep that tle to make them happy. Just to be

finer flavor makes a big difference. way. You must have been happy that alone with the earth and the sky and a

day. Somehow that memory sticks with haystack when the sun is shining!

Wanted: entereven itbeencan definedstill be regardedas yet. Thoseas pioneers.who

More Healing Hands doctors,Physicalrequiresmedicine,the servicesas practicedof physiby '"Phe new career girl of the health calgrows,therapists.the welltrainedAs it ambitiousdevelops memand

world is the physical therapist. Her bers of the physical therapy profession

work differs from that of the nurse. She will grow with it.

gives physical treatment as prescribed Physical therapists work in hospitals, by the doctor, while the nurse carries clinics, industrial medical departments, out his instructions as to bedside care social and welfare agencies, doctors'oftreatment. medicinal and rejobs carry with them Many But we have posibenefits. Administrative only 2,500 qualified tirementfices.

therapists to date, and more than half tions pay as high as $5,000 to $6,000 a in navy. the and are of these army We

if had year. today, use could 5,000 more we scholarships Foundation National

paralysis infantile the care of those selected will given to be suffering those carry large stocks of music suitable for them—forpatients a long from andMUSICWe following groups:

disabilities. list diseases of other and

1. accredited nurses from Graduate CHURCHES There are today many communities schools from the

entirely without qualified physical 2. Graduates of colleges giving a degree

paralysis for infantile care to therapists education in physical SCHOOLSAND hospitals patients, having 3. Those and most who Arranged

specializing in biology of college work for Vocal and physical therapy departments are seriHOME USE have completed two years Instrumental sciences other basic and ously understaffed.

SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS Physical therapy is the treatment of The scholarships will pay tuition,

We specialize in L. D. S. Church music. Write patients by means of physical agents partial or full maintenance, transportafor available. material suggestionsto us and tion of the schools of light, electo one approved cold, water, heat, such as

in Lester pianos,Dealers and Steinway band physical necessary. therapy, where scientific tricity, passive and massage, talking instruments, orchestra machines,and

records and musicians'supplies. active exercises. Interested persons may write The

Paralysis, 120 Broadway, New York 5,DAYNES MUSIC CO. healingPhysicalart, istherapy,new as athoughprofession.old asThea National Foundation for Infantile47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1 field is uncrowded. Its limits have not New York.

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CoofeGrnei

Josephine B. Nichols

the place relishes to take pickles andMake and variety jellies to add and of jams interest to your meals.

Beet Relish 1 quart minced cooked beets 1 quart minced cabbage 1 cup grated horseradish 2 cups sugar 1 tablespoon salt 34 teaspoon cayenne 2 cups vinegar Mix all ingredients and let heat through.

When it reaches the boiling point, pour into jars and seal.

India Relish 2 green peppers 2 red peppers 6 green tomatoes 2 ripe tomatoes 12 mediumsized cucumbers 2 onions J4 cup salt 2 cups vinegar spices Remove the seeds from the peppers, slice the tomatoes and cucumbers, and chop the green peppers and onions fine. Sprinkle with

salt and let stand for twentyfour hours.

Drain vegetables, pour the vinegar and water over them, bring slowly to a boil, and drain again.

Make a smooth paste as follows: Mix

three tablespoons of sugar, one teaspoon cinnamon, one teaspoon turmeric, %. teaspoon

cloves, J4 teaspoon allspice, with a little cold vinegar. Bring one pint of vinegar to

boiling point, add two tablespoons of chopped mustard seed, the spices, and then the vegetables, and let cook for twenty minutes, stirring constantly. Pour into sterilized

jars and seal.

Piccalilli 1 small head cabbage 1 small head celery peppers W, P. Fuller & Co. has the widest choice 2 large green

2 large sweet red peppers off patterns in Western America!

2 large onions 1 quart chopped green tomatoes VOGUE—Fuller s exclusive designs cup salt 3

vinegar 2 cups B I RG E—Q uality wall hangings 2 brown sugar firmly packed cups 1 teaspoon dry mustard T R I MZ—R eadypasted wallpaper

turmeric 1 teaspoon vegetables; drain. Remove seed SAN ITAS—-Textile wall coverings Wash

cores from peppers, peel onions, chop vegetables with tomatoes and salt. Let stand THERE'S A FULLER PAINT DEALER NEAR YOU

overnight. In the morning, drain and press

in cloth to remove all liquid. In large kettle,

add vinegar, sugar, and spices to drained vegetables. Simmer about \y2 to two hours, UI.P. FULLR &C0.

or until thick, stirring frequently. Pour into

hot sterilized jars and seal. W. P. FULLER & CO. BRANCHES AND DEALERS THROUGHOUT THE WEST

{Concluded on page 525) SEPTEMBER, 1945 TRY THIS RECIPE N erosfromtfieCamps Dear Editors: a month for fast meetings that are some of

the I ever had inspiring have the most the of Rheims meeting first formal attenin. average part to take pleasure The The held Saints May was of Latterday group is approximately services these at dance temple. Protestant the at p.m. 2 at 1945, 27, thirty. hundred one there was first meeting, the this was Since services evenings, M.I.A. Wednesday On was period speaker. The appointed no a very to proved be they held, are have and the and bearing, testimony to over turned recreation. of wholesome source good of unanimous. Many almost response was there services are our of In every one of opportunity the had hadn't group the literature other Church of stacks and Eras SALAD SUPREMEARTICHOKE year, in over a service L.D.S. an attending I that noticed stand. the many have on for appreciation their all expressed they and 1 artichoke serving. cooked per Allow "dogeared"the become copies of have Era of spirit opportunity. The present their carefully heart; fuzzy continual out fall scoop apart Remove to from are ready and abundance, in present bearing was testimony edible scrape teaspoon, a choke. With usage. the value of cognizant was group the and this subscription, leaves; portion from case with mix In pulp Era own my my enjoyed blessings the of gospel and of our is source parents, a for to provided moisby Durkee's enough Mayonnaise my principles. its to adherence by I joy. great always comfort, salt, and of ten; with taste pepper, to season the for organization the meeting, After enjoyof to evenings several look forward stuff heart juice; mixwith the and onion accordin accomplished group was Rheims I receive a Era. new ment when ture. crisp salad a Arrange greens of bed Principles of in our instructions ance the I pleasure to monthwith forward look salad a plate; lay greens thick a on on consent. group by the Gospel—namelywith splendid organ. of receipt ly Church your slice tomato; of top with the tomato Ensign of Willis West T. Bertram Brother

soldier, heart. stuffed artichoke grateful L.D.S. A as group chosen City, Salt was Lake Ward,

Serve with leader. Brother Willis selected Brother Pfc. John B. Larson

Durkee's Douglas C. Brown of Springville as first as- * * *

of the Zendell M. Hale Brother and Mayonnaise sistant,

assistant. First Lt. Seth D. Redford of Boise Latas second Fifth Pocatello Ward

Brother Melvin E. Thayne of the North terday Saint First Ward was at home

his family wife visiting in and with July clerk. as chosen was Ogden Ward

in 104th the (Timberafter served having in were: attendance Those

western the Division Infantry on Salt Lake wolf) Ensign Ward, Willis, West T. Bertram

Zendell M. Hale, 5th Ward, Pocatello, Idaho front.

Idaho Leslie Metcalf, Ward, R. Dale Lt. acin Redford Germany, was While

Utah Logan, D. Cazier, Willard servsacramental in tive conducting L.D.S. Verkin, Utah La Phil E.

division in the for ices L.D.S. members Utah Hurricane, Healton, Weldon Squire,W.

Utah Ogden, North Thayne, E. Melvin twentyfive as as or often had which many

Springville, Utah Brown, Douglas C. in of Soldiers thirty attendance. the L.D.S. Vernal, Utah Murray, Wilbur

rewill division faith in the 104th always San Diego. Hillcrest Ward, Bascom, J.R. George

California member "Seth"for his work and interest in

Alan L. Harris, Layton, Utah Church activities and for getting them

Sincerely, together to participate in the sacrament.

Melvin E. Thayne

Clerk, Rheims Group ARMY NURSE

Manila By Edith Clifton

rest, toiling without food or July 2, 1945 Unfaltering, Dear Editors:

in of pity her throbbing The heart primary purpose in this letter is to breast MY let you know how well received and While, through the air she hears the crash eagerly awaited the Era is to L.D.S. serviceand roar

men over here. Of the War Moloch crying, More! More!

the city immediate and In the of Manila More!

large Soaks clothes WHITER vicinity found a of She sees be can the angel of the shining wing number

L.D.S. servicemen who gather every Sunday And follows mending men, with mothering,

afternoon at a conveniently located ProtesSalvaging still from war's grim enterprise.

tant chapel for sacrament meeting, and once I think God smiles into her tired eyes.

Leaves no rings on dishpan or washtub

Keeps baby things immaculate 0*j

'pfMt LOTS OF SUDS.EVEN tN mM'M i fi

INGLEWOOD STAKE SERVICE M MEN ATTENDING THE GOLD AND GREEN BALL 524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cook's Corner Durkee's Margarine is made by (Concluded from page 523) an improved process which

Zucchini Pickle Relish churns the pure vegetable oils 25 mediumsized zucchini right in with the fresh pasteuronions 6 large salt ized skim milk. IN foods and tablespoons 5

2J4 CUPS vinegar ON them, you'll love the flavor 1*4 cups sugar of Durkee's Troco Margarine!

1 teaspoon dry mustard 2 teaspoons celery seed 32 teaspoon pepper COOK.. BAKE.. FRY

1 teaspoon cinnamon 1 teaspoon nutmeg One of the Basic 7 recommendpeel Foods chop; zucchini, unpeeled Wash in the ed U. S. Nusprinkle kettle; large in place chop;onions, trition Rules. Food

let stand water; salt. cold with Coverwith

overnight. In morning, drain off salt water;

rinse once in clear water; drain again. Add

remaining ingredients. Cook slowly about

thirty minutes, or until thick, stirring occasionally. Pour into sterilized jars and seal.

Pickled Crab Apples crab apples 1 quart vinegar 1 quart sugar 1 tablespoon cinnamon 1 tablespoon cloves 1 teaspoon mace 1 teaspoon allspice Make syrup by heating to boiling, vinegar, sugar, and spices. Cool. Add washed,

sound, uniform crab apples. (Do not pare

them.) Heat slowly, being careful not to

burst the fruit. Let stand in syrup overnight. Pack cold in sterilized jars, and fill

to within onehalf inch to top with syrup.

Seal. Process in water bath for twenty

minutes.

Mother Maca says.. * HereTH COD

It's Like Taking Out your WASTE PAPER SUCCESS INSURANCE isNt WASTE PAPER for Your Baking UNLESS YOU

Use Just Like Compressed Yeast! WASTE IT/ When You Use MACA the Amazing Fasf Dry Yeast.

ma'am! Using success is a wonderful 'policy'—a Maca "Yes'insurance policy'baking. for your quickrising This marvelous

dry yeast helps you turn out perfect bread and rolls—with a rich

golden beauty, a light, velvety - smooth texture—and SUPERDELICIOUS OLDFASHIONED FLAVOR! Maca helps you bake faster

more easily, too... requires no special tricks or recipes. Use it the

same way you use compressed yeast!"

and MACA is so Handy! Keeps Without Refrigeration!

"Believe it's a comfort to me, a the of supply have on Maca shelf. pantry trips extra stays Saves for the to store—you Maca fresh is for weeks refrigeration! without for Every dated package your

complete protection.

"So lady, latch on to my 'policy'of success insurance! USE

MACA, THE ORIGINAL FAST DRY YEAST!"

A nationwide program to help pro P. S. So much Maca Yeast is being shipped overseas that your grocer might vide urgently needed food for the not always have it. If he doesn't, ask for Yeast Foam ( Magic Yeast), your old

hungry millions in wardevastated Eustand-by which also gives bakings a grand oldrime flavor.

launched hasrope in community been t YEAST NORTHWESTERN COMPANY centers.canning

IN. Chicago 22, 1750 N. Ashland Ave., centers of canning Users community

{Concluded on page 527) SEPTEMBER, 1945 525.

ANN: Good Grief! More tomatoes?

: Well, you could introduce Ma Nature DAN: Yep. But don't blame me. Ma Nature ANN

just does things in a big, impulsive to our friends, the Safeway people.

way. DAN: Safeway? I don't get it.

ANN: Surplus, my dear husband, is something Safeway stores deal with firmly

to stop waste. Nature overproduces.

Then Safeway comes to the rescue.. ANN: So—if Mother Nature and Safeway

buying at the farm to save us a loss could just get together and make a... selling with a low markup to give deal—I wouldn't have all these extra

their customers the benefit of straighttomatoes to can.

line distribution. DAN: That's what I like about you. You're

DAN: Sure, I know all that. But—so practical.

Safeway's efficient distribution system is a life saver I. J. BURR, raspberrygrower of Orem, Utah,

summed up Safeway's value to growers when he stated "With their efficient distribution system

Safeway ships a good part of our berries out to other areas, so the local market is better stabilized. Over

the Fourth of July period—all season in fact—Safeway advertises and pushes our berries without cost to

us. All this gives our Association members a much

ANN: You appeal to me, too. Especially better opportunity to make a decent living."

a-peeling tomatoes. you're So when

*liQ 21 "FFTflriiV"VVXli THEGROCERYNEIGHBORHOODSTORES big get into boy, and get your apron, to work.

NOTE: Better than a third of our customers are farm

DAN: Humph! I never should have married folks. Find out why. Trade one full month at your

a patriotic woman. Safeway grocer's—and see how much you save!

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Here's How!

( Concluded from page 525 have been urged to step up production ten percent above all local needs, and to contribute this surplus for free distribution overseas. This plan to build

lead relief will nota food pool for war It's the Custer would hove cheered it. civilian in the domesticto any reduction

supply. kind of highriding, hardhitting raider an oldline cavalryman would

Dan A. West, director of the Division of Contributed Supplies of UNR love—the fleet Mustang, a great airplane that flies first on Chevron Aviavegetables, only out that pointedRA,

juices tion Gasoline. Rated the fastest aircraft behind a propeller, every P-5 fruitfruit, and and vegetable

qualified supervision in tin undercanned that rolls off North American Aviation's west coast assembly lines is in water Fruitare sought. packed

without sugar is acceptable. Food in testflown, delivered on Chevron Aviation Gasoline. And take it from

glass containers cannot be accepted for overseas shipment. men who fly on Chevron Aviation Gasoline—they say: "After the war

In communities where there are canning centers, members of victory garwe're counting on you to give us a Chevron gasoline for the highden groups, farm organizations, youth groups, women's clubs, ParentTeacher way that will put skyway performance in our cars."And we will!

Associations, and civic and service clubs are supporting the program.

"Till We Meet Again"

(Concluded from page 516) "The Lord Is My Shepherd,"the closing hymn.

Yes, the Lord is my shepherd, and "no want shall I know."

Sue and I would meet outside now and walk down Old Man Grover's lane until we reached the brook. We would

take off our shoes and put our feet into the cool stream. She would unpack the

lunch, and we would sit there, eating and talking, content just to be with each other.

Mom and Dad ate going out the door now.

Mr. and Mrs. Jensen have stopped

them for a little chat. I wish they never

had to go home. I wish they never had

to know.

They're walking down Poplar Street.

I used to play football or baseball there with the boys. On past Sue's

house and the squeaky gate that I used to spend so much time swinging on.

Across the street now to our own front gate. There's the yellow envelope in the

mailbox. They know what it is. The MUSTANG Dad is reading it to Mom.

She's crying, but somehow Dad willfind a way to comfort her. They're flies first on

sitting in the porch swing. She isn't

crying now. They just sit there fingering the telegram. How brave they are,

but they, too, know that we shall meet again in a much better world. They

know I have finished the battles of this life and that now I am going to my

Father to help carry on his work there. AVIATION GASOLINE

long dear So Mom, Dad, and Sue—STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

till again. meet we

SEPTEMBER, 1945 527 R

WHAT IS MAN?

By EDITH RUSSELL Associate Editor of the Put Colorr Charm and Comfort "Millennial Star"listened physiin Your Home to them talking—the

... with one of beautiful patterns of Bennett's Wallpapers the many the physician, cist, the surgeon, the

and an appropriate matching color of Bennett's Paint. I laboratory technician,—and I, a

If you want suggestions for mere woman, smiled.

all. color, at at not effective patterns spoke and Each length—I,

the consult Studio Bennett of BENNETT'S are to not prepared as a rule, Women, 65 West Decoration. and philosophers. not, as do ZCMI FirstPaintSouthDept. be a sex, They

reason. Their convictions are the result

of instinct, rather than cold, measured thought. They like or dislike according

to their immediate reaction to the object under regard, whether it is animal, material, or institutional, and usually they the applicaare in no by way influenced others. of Results Will Tell tion of reason on the part

Once You Have Used andAllthethisapplicationthey said,of reasonand muchproceeded.more,

The surgeon was dissecting man, his liver, his kidneys, soft, red organs yielding to his knife,—the heart-—was it

that ugly repulsive mass, which could CARBON know sorrow, joy, pain, sublime emotion? I wondered. Was that object of

gray matter, subject to cellular transBISULPHIDE formation, capable of secreting mem- \40 Itusedcan innever be confused with other materials ories?What is man, they said? And each

one knew—with reservations, and held up the proof of his knowing,—one a ( Noxious Weed Control scalpel, one a stethoscope, another a

/ Method of application and effect on vegetamicroscope. They went on talking, but

tion differ as day from night. It is never I had ceased to listen, and being a womthe sprayed on surface but injected into the I an, permitted to was

it soil attacks where kills entire root and I of dreamed my childhood—thoudream. structures of noxious weeds. ago, sands of years before the mind of

Easy to apply the results and are permanent.

their Your neighbors treated have lands with manelements,had whenmet theI walkedchallengeandoflivedearthlyand satisfaction complete loved, and felt the pangs of growth,

Send for our free illustrated Circular No. 212P. and knew God. Did I not call him Father? Was I not of him?

With him I had seen beauty, sheer WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAU FFE'and undefiled. Sometimes, even now,

:,D/visipn of StciorTFer Chemical Company something would pluck at my memory

636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 mentlike a andhandtheon painthe stringsof it wouldof an beinstruex- quisite, unbearable, and so elusive that

Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches my poor clodhopping humanity would

its it tangible reality, and5 hesitate to give THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

What is Man?

echo would run like children's laughter down the abyss of eternity.

With him I had known toil, and from him learned the dignity of labor. I had

known the throes of creation and experienced the nameless joy of "doing,"for no idleness was there. And now,

sometimes, when the sweat runs down into my eager eyes, a voice within me says, "I have felt this before, this thraldom of creating."—And this I have

felt, this breathless straining, this unawareness of all save the child of my While memories are clear, and letfashioning, the fruits of my brain's sowters and records available—coming; and this same peace, warm, unrepile in this beautiful Military

lated, satisfied, which is the benediction Book of Remembrance,"the story

Serviceof or the Serviceman's of all worthy accomplishment.

travels. experiences and did he And not bequeath to me an woman's forms Contains space and

unanswerable need for him, so that the complete military records, photofor word Father was the natural prelimigraphs, activities, travels, and imnary to any plea for forgiveness, bread, pressions—things that will prove

or eternal life? Where else did I get of infinite value to the veteran and

my soul's response to beauty? From his family in later years, when

that be ever so memories may he, other than whom, could heart my to fade. begin now reflection catch the all of charity to men? vivid The ideal gift for those now in

Why did I fear the thing which alone The book contains pictures of military service, for veterans could national him, from L.D.S. alone which keep me Church authorities, families. their Sixtyand for and leaders, past could prevent his returning to from me 8V2 pages, by 11 inches, apfour many choice,home? andpresent—withmilitary

And so I dreamed of the early dispropriate quotations. beautifully bound.

tilling of this thing which loves and Price, $1.50.

hates, which responds to music and IFILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON poetry, which sorrows and rejoices, which discriminates, rejects, and accepts: which has longings and desires, BDDKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt LakeCOMPANYCity 1, Utah

moments of sullen rebellion and moPlease Send the Books Checked Below:

ments of selfdominion: this thing which LJ Military Book of Remembrance $1.50 Signs of the Times $1.25

can be devil and saint, toad ana swan, By George R. Gygi By Joseph Fielding Smith

....$2.00 Priceless of Value $2.25 Gems Gospel The Kingdom this G Assorted thing D eludes the which microscope, B. N. Lundwall Taylor By By John

knife, thethe stethoscope, $1.25 and $2.25 is man. Smith: The Vision ProphetStatesman Joseph—. D

B. Dr. Lundwall N. G. Durham By Homer By is man? formula What A chemical $1.50 Halls the $1.85 Reconciliations and Evidences DUnto D is elixir magical L. calledwhose carbon? Richard Dr. Evans A. Widtsoe By John By

$1.50 This $3.00 Always Colonizer and Day Young, The Brigham collection cells? of mere D complexA A L. Evans R. Richard Hunter Dr. By Milton By

... biological ofproduct evolution? $1.50 $3.50 Setting The Spoken Or "and Word"In Western Her Utah D D

L. Evans R. Richard Dr. Hunter By Milton By still Ithey were smiled, betalking—and $2.00 $2.25 Constancy Change Amid His Mansions Many Dcause a mere they E. woman, and I am A. S. Bowen Howells By Rulon By

$2.00 Race $1.25 God's Covenant In the Gospel Netunknowing—are sons of God. H. Anderson By James John A. Widtsoe By Dr.

Glory For This My $2.50 D Golden NuggetsBy Ezraof L.ThoughtMarler $1.00 Paul Bailey By

$2.00 Answer $2.50 The Great Q The Gay Saint

Lee Runbeck By Margaret By Paul Bailey

All Things Restoration of and P The Smith Fielding Joseph By $1.75 D MormonsSam Brannan the California—$1.75 Bailey enclosed Send C.O.D. Payment By Paul D

Name When threading yarn through a needle, Address thread the needle with a length of fine thread doubled. Place yarn through loop end of

the thread and pull through eye of needle.

Mrs. M. B., Springville, Utah.

A little borax dissolved in the last rinsewater {the amount depending on the goods You Can't ALWAYS Plan being washed) will give a fine muslin, lawn, finedimity, and such goods a little stiffness for rather The FUTURE by the PAST!which makes appearance a new

than a starched look. Treated thus, linen Just because you haven't ace and may visit you any

doesn't wrinkle so badly. D. A., Eureka day. fire is no reason had a

Springs, Ark. Insure your property towon't. Don't you why

Little girls'dresses that are worn at the day and be protected neck or sleeves or are tight across the chest, judge the future by the against loss.

though large enough otherwise, can be made past. Better get your policy

into sleeveless jumpers. other dresses Then

that are too short but otherwise large Fire is a constant menwhile you can.

enough, can be cut off to be used under these waists. asjumpers H., A. Provo, Utah.

FIRE CO. INSURANCE UTAH HOME spill grease stove, hot a you on When Heber J. Grant Salt Lake City, Utah & Co. GENERAL AGENTS little it salt itsprinkle over to stop from a

smoking.—Mrs. E. M. G Lakeside, Arizona.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 529 \a{uorvun& Studu tk

lean or Ljreat frnee A s announced in the July issue of The cMefcdn* Improvement Era, it is recommended that where quorums have comlimited as to render them comparatively untheir outlined coursepleted of study, at present, a except to known few who have the of the balance Kingdom,The Gospel treasured of with LESSON HELPS the products the up Church year 1945 be devoted to the study of great care the beginning. from A smaller

portion of this has never before Price. ap- n\R. Milton R. Hunter of The ofthe Pearl work Great

of the Seventy First Council it is print; in prealtogether peared and learn the from Encyclopedic We lesson series of is a preparing that believers true in the divine misHistory Christ sumed, Church Jesus of

the will sion Pearl of the Smith, suggestions Prophet apon Joseph helps and Latterday Jenson,of of theSaints—Andrew little this collection of preciate precious the for during use Price of Great 646:page will truths of Pearl that Price as a Great those of Mel1945, balance by

ability their to increase maintain to and Price, of the of Pearl Great one quorums Priesthood The chizedek faith the holy possessors becoming by thestandard of contains works Church, a defend the completed already have which it. of selection revelations, the transchoice from study. of course outlined designed, not adapted, nor Although aslations, innarrations of Smith, Joseph and first in lesson appeared The the faith of pioneer unbelievers, a among alsocluding the of the Moses and Book Section the still it Church itself of The will all to careful commend first of edition Abraham.Book The was

for scriptures, detailing of the 18, students August Deseret and News in Franklinpublished RichEngland D. by

facts important are therein only many which is of Pearl of the an analysis and first edition ards, in 1851. American The

entirely to, or unmentioned, alluded but origin, conPrice, its name, Great in published Salt 1878, City inwas Lake rethe the tenor of with consonant wholesince editions several tents, which makeup, been mechanical have and in will of and, to the beginner God; It vealed inprinted in both England. and America introduction the of to an by way the will gospel, confirmatory evidence add into also translated the Danish, beenhas folwill study. of There course faith, his the of rectitude of showing him by Maori, Dutch, Hawaiian, Welsh,German, material background some low thereof that ordinances the doctrines and other languages. perhapsand origin, translation, the lessons on for to revealed are the as were same Adam obtained of from was Abraham Book The

of his of his after publication the the salvation expulsion book and from in connection which,papyrus, with some purchasedEgyptian mummies, by was the andgarden,causedand tothebesametaughtthattohehishandedgenerationsdown theAbraham,contentsandof thenthe Pearlan outlineof Greatof inSaints at Kirtland, Ohio, from July, 1835,

Michael H. Chandler. after him, as the only means appointed of Price arranged topically for

the of generations which may men by the of the After Prophet martyrdom JoGod study.

his presence. regain hisseph brother Smith and the Hyrum, mumit for possible any conceive do Nor we into the possession papyrusmies and came

careful arise to a unprejudiced person from the ofof Smith, Prophet. She widow Emma

this perusal of work, being without deeplylater transferred to the Smith, them William is been, informabeing of the and made the impressed of with calling, a sense divine in brother, time theyProphet's due were and tion gathered. ordination, of the holy and by man whom in in exhibition Chion Wood's Museum president, sent to these each stake translations, revelations, have narraand We is all It that debelieved theycago. were

stroyed in the great fire which occurred in tions have been communicated to us. As a dexigraphed copy of his own stake

Chicago in 1871. impervious as the minds of men may be report and Church averages, showing

at present to these convictions, the day is the relative position of the stake in each sinners, far not distant as well as when of Price,"Great "Pearl name The that activity. the stake and It is hoped

Saints, will of Smith Joseph one know was inspired undoubtedlywhich by the was this utilize officers will valuquorum the greatest that the lived ever men upon the parableSavior's merchantabout fortify strengthto able information and earth, that he the under and Prophwas God pearls: seeking goodly "Who,man particularly organizations, their en and et the of the of founder dispensation and

when he found one pearl of great price, fulness of times, in which will be gathered to build and strengthen our individual went and sold all that he had, and together into one all things which are in brethren for their blessing and happibought it"(Matthew 13:46), was used Christ, both which are in heaven and which ness now and eternally.

Franklin Richards as the are on earth. D.by Elder

There is so much that is commendtitle for the edition of

The journal history of the Church able in these reports, and we do comThe under date of August 13, 1857, shows, pliment officers and members for the

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE papers,"List ofdepositedbooks, pamphlets,in the temple,and G.S.L.newsThefaithfulreportsfine workof thethatofficersis beingare done.soulBeing a City, August 13, 1857, by President warming. These men in the main are

Choice Selection Brigham Young, President, Seer and observing the Sabbath, keeping the from the Revelator of the Church of Jesus Christ Word of Wisdom, holding their famiRevelations, Translations, and of Latterday Saints."Included in this ly prayers, and remembering the Lord

Narrations list is The Pearl of Great Price. with their tithes and offerings. Such

of examples will bear good fruit for as

Joseph Smith with the priest, so with the people.

First Prophet, Seer, and Revelator to r Iflelckizedek f-nestkood It required Herculean effort for quothe Church of Jesus Christ of rum officers to interview all members on

Saints Latterday of close at the notice short such Kommended ). 1 of early in the weeks ( and 945 1944We in at Liverpool publishedwhich was gratified of at the percentage high are Basic Provide Reports Annual1851. the interviews had, with and personal Priesthood Data Quorum edition Elder In the of this preface spirit of fatherly love brotherly,Richards says: in C\e what value are reports? As the which they were made and received.

The following compilation has been inconfidential annual reports for 1944 This is the spirit of the gospel. We are

duced by the repeated solicitations of several have been finally bound together with our brother's keeper, and the shepherds to publisher, are desirous thefriends definitely, of with the are charged very who thereof, that it is realized summaries of important in possession the very putbe flocks. of their of responsibility represent they amount a tremendous therein.articles of the contained Most

revelations composing this work were pubeffort on the part of presidents, counThe annual reports for the year endlished at early periods of the Church, when selors, and secretaries of quorums. This ing December 31, 1945, will be subthe circulation of its journals was so very effort is well worth while and use has stantially the same as for last year.

530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. More Combat Activity Needed

E. CLIFFORD G. ROMNEY, MARION TAFT BENSON,LEE, EZRA E. MC KAY, THOMAS are not good for tobacco and T iquor

R. IVINS G. ANTOINE LEVI SMITH, EDGAR YOUNG, NICHOLAS SONNE,YOUNG, ALMA *-* physical, entails use Their man.

mental, moral, spiritual, and economic

However, the second portion of the in this day. The Church service comlosses. Every informed person knows

form will be in duplicate so that a copymittee particularly, can well give much this. Yet it seems very strange that

will be retained in the quorum. The thought and attention to ways and people in this enlightened age continue

quorum reports will be compiled into means of interesting our brethren in to spend enormous sums for these de- a stake report by the stake Melchizedek subjecting themselves and their families stroying poisons. Look at the following

Priesthood committee and the summary to the warming influence of sacrament official figures obtained from the State of the Savior, meetings, the counsel and general priesthood thesent to commitfor cigarets and beer Commission Tax of often in remembrance ",.. do thistee. this in mind, thought many for With Liquor Control Commission and the

farsighted quorum officers are beginme."distilled liquor. {In the state of Utah

ning already to make the confidential We observe from the reports that distilled liquors can be legally sold only visits to quorum members. In this conmany of our quorums have substantial by the Liquor Control Commission.)

nection, we remind you that it is not inbank accounts. Many of these funds In this state with a carefully estimated

tended that the presidency go on these have been accumulated for the purpose population of 622,000, there were spent visits as a group but as individuals. It of sending missionaries into the field. the following large amounts by civilian

is further desired that the interviews be There is a great need just now for misconsumers during the fiscal years 1944 had by quorum presidents and their sionaries and a careful survey should and 1945:

counselors and not by group leaders. be made, in counsel with the bishop, to

1945 1944 lor misPaid to accept and able men worthy high find that a very show The reports trust funds these calls, that sionary Cigarets $ 4,978,196 $ 5,160,575 brethrenpercentage of our are away might be expended 7,436,088 11,197,806 for the purpose for Beer concerned home.from much We are they were collected. Liquor spiritual, the physiwhich as as wellover the

cal wellbeing of these men, and we Brethren, you are doing a fine work! (distilled) 9,933,548 10,862,677

is you. magnifying Lord quarThe gratified the observe to fromare May he Total $22,530,211 $27,038,679

ministry. bless to continue you in your in frequent that reportsterly you are

touch with these brethren by corres- (Concluded on next page) The above figures do not include sales pondence. We encourage more of this made by federal agencies at army and

activity, to the end that they may be navy encampments, etc. Liquor and tothemselves to affiliateencouraged

of their duties with MONTHLY PRIESTHOOD baccosubject soldto taxationat theseby theagenciesstate ofareUtah.not take careour own people,

and live up to L.D.S. standards. MEETINGS As seen by the above figures and those

Brethren, study your situation with A ttention is called to the letter published in this column in previous reference to the Word of Wisdom. * addressed to all Church ofyears, the consumption of liquor and toWisely, in patience and love, reach out ficers, by the First Presidency, bacco by the civilian population in Utah

for our brothers who are careless in under date of July 1 6, in which the has been on the increase during the past this regard. following appears: four years. Further, the consumption of

capita state in of liquor distilled the per author- "Accordingly, now we statistics encouraging. tithing are The furnished data according to Utah, by Priestize the holding of Monthly encouragebrethren of need ourSome Inc., Institute, Spirits Distilled "The that meetings Leadership hood bring line, this as and, along youment 1944,"is about an D.C., Washington, include members quorum may this of the importance see tothem capita the consumption per of average invited to especially be prinwho may increasedciple, the will observe you states, twentyfour in being there other meetings, attend these Monthly

lives. their inblessings capita per in consumpstates the which Auxiliary meetings, Priesthood

We need to be more diligent in the Regional meetings, and Monthly tion is less and twentythree in which matter of holding our family prayers. Union meetings where any such it is more. But this entire showing is

Family prayers do much to draw the meetings may be held without not creditable to the State of Utah, we members of the families nearer to each violating the restrictions regardare sorry to admit, because a majority other and bring the spirit of the Lord ing the use of gasoline and rubber, of its population are members of the into the home. As you interview, it is and where the holding of such L.D.S. Church, which teaches the

suggested that you give encouragemeetings will not interfere with Word of Wisdom and therefore ment to and point out the virtues of quarterly conferences or other teaches total abstinence from all kinds this practice. regularly established meetings. of alcoholic beverages, tobacco, etc.

The figures with reference to attend- "However, we do not, by these According to the above figures the ance at sacrament meetings indicate amended instructions, intend to consumption of beer in the last fiscal that there is progressive improvement authorize nor to countenance the year was fiftyseven percent greater meetings of these holding of any year. for the previous than experiolder more and growas men

incircumstances under which (seventies in priesthood all those theenced again admonish Well, we violation governthe of volve elders higher percent than totaltwentyseven abstinence camin our engaged and high priests twentysix percent mental rules and regulations repaign that there is seemingly a great need higher than seventies ). Perhaps this is garding travel either by automofor increased activity in carrying on the

or otherwise."yet the bile be, andnatural should and as it

Stake "... that mayest thoucommandment presidencies will want to eachcampaign.stake concernedSo we askin thepromotingofficers thein

more fully keep thyself unspotted from survey local conditions, with a campaign to study the situation in their the worla, thou shalt go to the house of view to holding the monthly stake respective stakes and devise suitable offer sacraments upon priesthoodprayer and up thy to win our people to total abmeetings again whermethods ever it is feasible. (D. stinence. 59:9) is given day"& C.my holy

to all, and surely needed by everyone (Concluded on next page)

SEPTEMBER, 1945 531

Melchizedek Priesthood ciesconsumptionwe have anof explanationcigarets in thisof whycountrythe lowingFrom: The Voice we quote the fol-

(Concluded from preceding page) has been on the increase. A man is about five times as likely to get

cancer if he drinks beer daily and no milk,

Safety First as if he drinks milk daily and no beer, says

LsOnqraiulationd,f LJaki *,u "Touring the fiscal year 1945 (July ProfessorLast yearJ. AmericansB. S. Haldane.spent $7,000,000,000,HThe first stake Melchizedek Priest1944-June 1945), the Utah State about $54.00 per capita, for alcoholic beverto according Department of Commerce Commission revoked 333 driver's ages, quarterly received Tax hood report to be

figures. record. alltime Last an This is licenses. general priesthoodby the committee higher year's ten percent expenditures were

was from the stake most distant from Of this number three hundred twentythan those of 1943, nine percent of this due the Church headquarters, the Oahu four were the result of reports of conviction to excise taxes.

Stake at Honolulu. In view of the dison a charge of operating a motor vehicle Those who feel that beverage alcohol is

tance and the wartime difficulties inwhile under the influence of liguor. desirable or necessary in social intercourse;

that this larger count vastly and volved, on number is a splendid who accomplishalcoholic beverage, drink an we When toil, at of the end a drink heavy a day of reports ment. The were due in Salt the alcohol begins in the to be absorbed

Lake City on July 15. The Oahu Stake blood through the walls of the stomach imdust, and strain; and all others who usually

use, their will continue only in moderate be mediately, digestion, report received 13. without into passing was July

for satisfaction of choice higher a making still is absorption the duodenum where more E. this of Ralph is president Woolley practices themselves, discontinue they when after three Within minutes drinking is stake, Fred chairman E. Lunt of left life that blight of in every walk a have the rapid.beer, the alcohol will in the show body stake Priesthood Melchizedek their lives relative committhe In of millions. on fluids. half all practically Within hour an

tee, and David K. Hoopili, Jr., is secreof the alcohol in the beer will be absorbed immunity to excess, they will not forget

fellow,"cannot, "the other or never who tary. into the blood. (The Voice.)

will, does, moderate. and never remain The

reports after received Although the is less strong strength of for choosno man first safety that not the Does demand the 15th of close following the month ing to the to not unhealthy pressures add driver shall of car a abstain motor from of in quarter each that less cannot included less strong, the the be burden knowdrinking time some before during and ing. lies the of the heart bulletin philosophythe Here issued comparative the by the of time driving? will bewe When the of nonalcoholic readiPresiding Office, Bishopric's stake movement—the to gin regulations enforce for safe drivness of set to aside and many men women to are reports,chairmen urged send even ing? to persons damage much and How the overlyattractive that they custom may late, forthough use the general of property three those done was that hunthemselves by society "abuse,"as apriesthood visitcommittee the of and the less twentyfour dred drinking have drivers? notwhole—and knowing—maying at Authorities General quarterly in a S. new Warner, an lives lost? were many How freedom.—Harry conferences. address at the University of Yale School

Alcohol Studies, Summer Session, 1944.

\hotoqraph$ rKequested Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, October, 1945 'T'he general priesthood committee is Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

desirous of obtaining pictures of Writings and Discourses of John Taylorpriesthood choruses, casts, dramatic welfare projects, banquets, festivals, etc. Whenever your quorum is engaged LESSON 84 Smith as a Prophet. The Voice of the

in a worthy undertaking, you are enReview Book Five, "The Kingdom of God Prophet in Council. Some Teachings of the

Prophet. the and Kingdoms of Men"couraged to send of an account your

did Discuss: long Taylor John How 297349, Text: (chapters 2734 inactivities pp. possible and where photoSmith? "Highlights,"(See Joseph know clusive). Topics: Problems. World Morgraphs of those engaged in such projtext, ix-x the of for chronology.) pp. Was the and monism System. American Theects. his intimate? acquaintance not were If you of Legitimacy. Theory Mormon Fragments

the of Church, could value what a member Political on and Social Faith, Philosophy.

placed of the be opinion Taylor's on John Trials, Persecution. and Practical Some Adthat Prophet? opinion? to was As What the Prospect Future. and The

the intelligence? calling? Prophet's HisNoLiquor-Tobacco vice.

In 27, Discuss: the chapter introducing prophet? Courage? in a a leader As As

section President review, under adTaylor council? the did teach concerning he WhatColumn vises "to us to 297298) seek and (pp. know "last days"?

(Concluded from page 531 comprehend the social and political interests of man, and to learn and be able to LESSONS 8687 that calculated best be which wouldCost of Cigaret Advertising teach to The Martyrdom interests the the of promote world."Now,

According to the July 16 issue of in the light of the discussions you have had Text: pp. 358365. Topics: The AfterAdvertising Age, Chicago, the Curtis in studying these eight chapters of Book noon of June 27, 1844. Editorial on the

the Succession 2, of Twelve, September Five, question, the would you answer howPublishing of Philadelphia Company in 1844. 1844. of the the "Church On is calculated best to inthe promote What a of survey the cost of advertismade actuof brief the Suggestion: summary PositionA terests the are world?"quesof Here someing the large cigaret three by manufacthe leading al to preceding events and up tions this ( designed illuminate to query:turing States. of companies the United 27, of Smith and Joseph June Hyrum the restoration of the has 1to death gospel What

This study covered the tenyear period do with the best interests of the world and 1844, might add some interest to the eye1934 to 1944. The figures below given promoting same? (2) What relation has witness story contained in these lessons.

were for newspaper, magazine, and the mission of the Church, in all the world, Such a summary may be derived from six the of History volume Church, of the to this parts In problem? the of what advertising.radio figures (3) givwere The

Essentials History, or from from in Church is effective the operating world gospel an foren of for these year each and each 216Prophet-Statesman, Joseph Smith: pp. force? the influence (Don't of the overlook outletsthree expenditure of of each by section 218. discussion, the complete To L.D.S. inservicemen.) an (4) What may three spent,the companies. amount The well 135 of Doctrine the Covenants and may dividual, a family, Melchizedek a quorum

figures, to publishedaccording the class. was read the to be interests of the "to the do promote world"?

$225,000,000, or an average of Discuss: What was President Taylor's

$22,500,000 per year. This large sum, LESSON 85 viewpoint as to the effect of the martyrdom

his strong statement See on the Church? on spent indicated, for newspaper,as was Character of Joseph Smith The the of 364: seeds imhas "This p. Church Is advertising. radiomagazine, and

its etc. midst,"mortality in Topics: be Text: The Charpp. 353358. may What thatthere radio comany wonder in this material Intelligence. acter the lesson His Smith. concluded of Joseph from The

mentators, newspaper and magazine Divine Calling of Joseph Smith. The Couras to the value of John Taylor's opinion of

publishers are opposed to prohibition? age of Joseph Smith. John Taylor's "AffidaJoseph Smith? See also the statement on

With such influential corrupting agenvit."Joseph Smith and the Courts. Joseph the flyleaf to Book Six.

532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY OCTOBER 1945 (ajuejttond and wti6wer$

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS Question 1. If a boy attends priesthood meeting in another ward can

he be given credit on his own quorum roll?

Topics and Questions—Chapter 15 Answer. No! He is absent and cannot be marked as present. He is

'The Law of Substitution"considered only as a visitor in any quorum meeting other than his own.

refers the small to author boy who 1. The 2. qualify for the Individual Question boy Can a Certificate of Award his said was always name Johnny

qualifies for the Standard quorum Quorum Award? it that if his often heard so Dorit. had He

he came to believe it was his real name. Answer. Yes! He may qualify for the Individual Certificate of Award

How many or your teachers are the regardless of the status of his quorum.

"Johnnydon't"type?

3. Is that it true requirement the Question attendance at of 35% 2. Discuss "The Law during for meeting of of Substitution"as sacrament 1945 the requirements as one the Standard author. the treated by

Be prepared to give specific examQuorum Award has been reduced to 25%?

ples of suggestions which might be Answer. Yes. Notice of this reduction was publicized February 17,

made, or of activities which might be 1945.

introduced, when a change in student behavior is desired. Build a class disQuestion 4. Has there been any reduction in the requirement of 50%

cussion around the following problem at sacrament meeting for the Individual Certificate Award?

cases: has been There No! Answer. no modification whatever in any of the

a. Certificate the Individual for The restless student requirements of Award.

b. The quiet, unresponsive student

c. The talkative student

d. General mischief making

Topics and Questions—Chapter 16

"Things to Sidestep"THE DEACONS QUORUM 1. the following reasons Discuss why

carefully avoided should be by teachmondTwenty-firstStake, Ward,are picturedBen Loers of youth: on their favorite mounts

ready for their monthly a. Public embarrassment to pupils horsebackriding party.

b. Personal strutting or boasting Arnoldrum adviserWrightandis apparentlytheir quo-

c. Student "pets"or favorites recognizessuch events thein holdingvalue theof

d. Inconsistency. It is tragic when a interest of his deacons.

teacher's life is not consistent with what he teaches. If a teacher cannot live as he is expected to teach,

he had better quit because his teaching will be of no value anyway.

JfytQQ&&tions on &everenee (Following is a belated printing of the ward teachers message for August 1945.

It is reproduced here to provide a permanent record of this timely message.)

TLTow gentle, how refined, how full of

Christian virtue is the quality of reverence. It is the essence of character

with all the dross removed in the refining process of its development. Reverence

—food,is to the energy,soul whatpower.breadTheis topersonthe body,who

has a reverent attitude toward sacred places, or objects, or beings, looks out upon life from spiritual plateaus inaccessible to those without this divine quality. Reverence is the highest atGLEN C. GREEN DALLAS R. GREEN tribute of the soul, for it breathes the

priest, of Kanesville teachers'president the the a quorum, Glen, Ward, and Dallas, of Lake breath God into records established are ambitious. to the real These which Stake, a challenge most have View man. poses of A genuinelythe righteousreverentpursix their since years ordinarespectively, ago, ordained deacons and five and were young men

tion have maintained a 100% attendance record at priesthood quorum and sacrament meetings. person does not travel except to ascend,

Is there either records? can young top of these any who The Presiding man Bishopric does not live except to become more of records like photos to equaled or exceeded these remarkable have and any who have would

demonstrations of loyalty and devotion to the Church. {Concluded on page 534)

SEPTEMBER, 1945 533 )af3 Stacking CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Suggestions on WARD TEACHERS Reverence The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and (Concluded from page 533) strengthen them;

noble, does not die except to be exalted. And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

Latterday Saints have been taught to each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

that together see meet the church often, and also see that all the And reverent.be all know we how We their duty,: 5355. do C. 20 members { D, &should ourselves conduct places in our

of worship and what our attitudes should Father, be toward our Heavenly KJctober, 194-5 atour Redeemer. But seem Ward Jeackeri'l/vle56aae for times we

tonot remember. to We seem forget "WHAT IS YOUR CHURCH MEMBERSHIP WORTH?"indifferthoughtlessand to become and

ent to our obligations in the matter of (This message is a reprint of the editorial appearing in the reverence. Church Section of The Deseret News, June 2, 1945.)

Following are a few suggestions which should be carefully studied, and YVThat is your membership in the Church worth to you?

which, with rare legitimate exceptions, * When Jesus explained the meaning of his parable of the sower, he should govern our behavior: showed that his word, though preached and rejected by some, was received

by others with various degrees of faithfulness. Some at first received the

( 1 ) We should be quiet and respectword with joy, yet they "had not root"in themselves, endured for a while, ful in our worshiping assemblies, avoidbut by and by became offended for some reason, and departed from the faith.

ing unnecessary whispering, laughing, Another class, after accepting the word, allowed the "cares of this or moving about. world, and the deceitfulness of riches"to choke their faith, and they became

( 2 ) Children should be taught to be unfruitful.

reverent and quiet during meetings. Finally there were those who held true to the faith. They brought forth

They should not be permitted to run up much fruit.

and down the aisles or to roam aimlessLatter-day Saints should study this parable carefully, and determine ly around at will. Children should be from its consideration, what the Church really means to them.

taken to our meetings, but parents Those who accept the gospel, and who then for various reasons depart should teach them to be respectful in the from it, place themselves in grave jeopardy.

house of the Lord. Why do people depart from the faith?

(3) Those attending services should According to the parable, some become offended and disturbed in their remain until the meetings are ended. feelings, and lose faith. Jesus no doubt included among this group those whoToo frequently, especially in some of followed false teachers—"wolves in sheep's clothing"—for false teachers

our larger assemblies, we become so have always disturbed the minds of the unsteady; they have trumped up

anxious to avoid the crowd that we get false charges which the unstable have believed, persuading them to think up and walk out while the last song is that the Church is not right, that the Authorities have gone astray, that the being rendered or even while the praybishop of the ward, or the President of the Church himself, may have offended er is being offered. This is extremely disthem in some way. And lacking sufficient faith to resist the onslaught of

respectful and irreverent and will be false teachers, these weak ones go astray.

carefully avoided by the more thoughtThe parable speaks of those who permit the cares of this world and the astray. deceitfulness riches,ful. of to lead them

prestige social position, or "sidetrack to worldly Do you'yourallowreligion?money,Ifbusiness,you do, (4) Those asked to render special

numbers during a sacred meeting should you belong to this second class mentioned in the parable, and you are in remain for the entire service or decline danger.

the invitation until such time as they can If you have given up because of persecution, you are likewise in an perform and remain until the service is unfortunate position. We do not have severe persecution these days, but

ended. Leaving immediately after takwe do have the type wherein people taunt us for not smoking or drinking

ing part disturbs the spirit of the meetwith them, for not joining them on Sunday fishing trips, or for not violating ing and seriously depreciates the value our standards for business or other reasons. Do you succumb?

of such contributions. If the gospel is really important to you, the parable says you will bring

fruit. forth much What is the relationship between faithfulness and "bringattend meeting a sacrament (5) To

fruit?"forth much sacing after the to immediately leaveonly

faithful in in are the Church, are the an ardent you worker If you passed, or after babies has beenrament activities for forth bring through your Church, which you do and much fruit, blessed, confirmaor afterhave been blessed. will greatly be you tions is not been performed have becomis in the your in the of membership membership Church kingdom Your toing rather Saint a Latterday is a and

valuation place carefully the that upon it, and Measure remember you God. violation serious revthe principle of of

is profited, the his loses though world, not if he whole he gains even man erence.

soul. ( 6 ) Those serving in the administration and passing of the sacrament should remain for the entire service.

Only those who are willing thus to prepared with all details before beginitems which should be mentioned in this demonstrate their respect should exning the services and then by remaining list but let these suffice for this message.

pect, or be invited, to participate. quiet and orderly while the meetings Let each Latterday Saint conduct him-

(7) Presiding officers in all meetings are in progress. self reverently as becometh a member

should set the example by being fully Admittedly, there are many other of the Church and kingdom of God.

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on the little homestead for three years.

Each day Sophia walked the seven miles to town and did washings and ironings. The children were given small

tasks to do about the house, and they early learned the valuable lessons of the sold Sophia and industry. Hjjtneaiocjy thrift in town a lot and bought homestead

GRANDMOTHER ERICKSON wherebuilt. Farshe hadinto athetworoomnight herlogspinninghouse

By Louise Anderson wheelfor shecouldspun bethreadheardandhummingwove carpetsaway, the wool, prepared also sell. She to 27, in August 1849, Bracka, called Swespecial they a meeting to whichQn family's her knitted yarn, the and wovevden, all invited in interested which people part city of a the Mormonwas dayarise before stockings. would She

of ism. priests Stockholm, the at other leadthe There and of Olaf and home ironing the and do light morning each

ers false Kaisa Olsen, speechesMai emphatic made a daughter and born was could be she so before the day from christened, tryand accusations against the Sophia. the Mormons, She was

youngest of a family of seven children. ing to dissuade the people from joining

When Sophia was six years old, the this religion. After the meeting had

family moved to a new home in a canbeen going on for some time, a young yon several miles from the city. Life girl got up and defended Mormonism in

to this family of limited means, was one such a way, that Sophia immediately of struggle and hard work. During the decided that she would never be happy

first ten years of Sophia's life she until she, too, could join the Church.

learned the simple lessons of industry, Three days after her twentyfirst birthhonesty, and thrift that have played day, she was baptized by a missionary such an important part in her entire life. from Utah.

When she was ten years old, she Soon after this she went to the city overheard a neighbor say to her mother, to work. One day she was called into

"Sophia is old enough to earn her own court and told that her name would have living now."Right then she made up to be taken from the employment recher mind that she would no longer deords, and she would not be given any

pend on her parents for a living. Durrecommendations because the secret of

ing the years that followed she worked her joining the Mormons had leaked at many different places, doing a variety out. She was not too worried because

of jobs, having many interesting though she knew that it would not be very long often hard and disagreeable experiuntil she would leave for Zion.

ences. Her first job was herding cows She was twentysix years old when

for an old woman. During the harvestshe came to this country with her sister

ERICKSON 'GRANDMOTHER"ON HER NINETYsailinging before and brotherin-law. Just father she helped her cut and bind

FIFTH BIRTHDAY of attended a meeting convertsthe oats. and year, at the For a of a they home

cousin, she milked cows morning and missionaries. It was there that Sophia

night besides doing the housework. At first bore her testimony. She was surready for the day's washing, for she did

another place she worked in the hayprised to find that she could do this washings every day, for which she carfield from daylight till dark raking hay without being a bit afraid for she knew ried water from a nearby canal. She

with a hand rake. she had done the right thing by bedid this for fifty cents a day.

Through it all, Sophia had a great coming a Mormon. With the hard work and cooperation

desire to learn, but opportunities for Sophia's first place of employment of the little family, times began to get schooling were limited. When she was after she reached Salt Lake City was better for them, and they finally built a

fifteen, however, she went to the Luat the home of Joshua Clark, father of large, comfortable home, where they theran church a part of each day during President J. Reuben Clark. Everything lived for several years until the family

the summer months. There the priest was new and strange, and Sophia could established homes of their own.

taught her to read passages from the speak no English, so there were many On August 27, 1945, Sophia Erickson

Bible. She also learned to write a little hard and trying things that confronted (known more commonly as Grandand to sing a few songs. her. One day one of the Clark children mother Erickson) celebrated her nineIt was when she was twelve years old was crying with the earache, and Mrs. tysixth birthday, surviving all of

that she first heard of Mormonism. She Clark told Sophia to go upstairs to get her children. She still takes care of

was visiting at the home of her eldest the cotton. "Cotton! Cotton!"she her own house, sews, quilts, embroiders,

sister. This sister and her family had whispered to herself. "What is cotknits, and does much reading. She

joined the Mormons, and they often ton?"After quite a search she finally washes dishes three times a day, and

held meetings in her home. Once when came back bringing the cat! (Katta when she "rests,"she runs her sewing

a meeting was in progress, a mob came means "cat"in Swedish.) machine or sews strips of cloth together

in and started to throw the furniture After doing housework at different that she later crochets into a rug. Not

around and drove the people out of the homes for about two years, she marlong ago she used her spinning wheel house. Sophia, being very angry, ried Eric Erickson in the Salt Lake Ento show the children of the community

grabbed up a chair, and was ready to dowment House. Eric had two wives how wool was spun into yarn, and spun

throw it at one of the mobsters, when previous to his marriage to Sophia. The enough yarn to make a grandson a sadher sister said, "No, let them go, they second wife died leaving two small childle blanket.

can break up our furniture, but they can dren for Sophia to rear. Sophia and Through all her years of struggle and

never break our faith."Eric lived in Grantsville for five years. hardship she remains true to her reliThrough the years that followed, Two boys were born there. They then gion. In fact, her faith is stronger than

Sophia attended every meeting possible moved to Oakley, Idaho, where Eric ever. For sixtyfive years she has paid

and studied the Book of Mormon and ran a sawmill, and here two girls were an honest tithing. Her faith, her cheerother L.D.S. literature. Of course, this born to them. The youngest was only fulness, her industry, and her independhad to be done secretly or she would two years old when their father died, ence, along with her adherence to the

not have been able to hold a job. Her December 25, 1888. Word of Wisdom, have contributed to

own parents objected bitterly to any Sophia was left without so much as her long life, and have made her one of connection with this new religion. a loaf of bread in the house and with the most outstanding characters I have

Once, one of the leading churches four hungry mouths to feed. They lived ever known.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 535 a usvc

OGDFN TWENTYNINTH WARD CHOIR

Ogden TwentyNinth Ward, with Bishop James A.

Larson presiding, may well be proud of its choir of fifty voices, for this ward was but recently organized from the half of another ward. Attendance at the

sacrament meetings averages 30 percent of the ward population.

Rhoda Erickson is choir director; Gwenyth England

and Selma Handley are organists.

PRESTON FOURTH WARD GIRLS'CHORUS,

ONEIDA STAKE

Preston, Idaho, Fourth Ward enjoys its girls'chorus.

Blanche Brunker is director; and Constance Davis,

organist.

TUCSON WARD CHOIR, SOUTHERN ARIZONA STAKE

This choir, under the direction of Louise Rickel, rehearses twice a week, and presents an anthem, a hymn, a choral prelude and postlude at each sacrament service. Special programs have been presented

at the University of Arizona Institute of Religion.

Clara Kimball is organist; Vance Goodman, president; Winnie Whiting, secretary; and A. G. Kimball

is the motivating bishop of the ward.

CASTLE DALE WARD CHORUS, EMERY STAKE

Castle Dale chorus, Claire Hunter, director, sings for sacrament services and funerals, and occasionally visits in neighboring ward services with its singing.

Nellie Young and Carol Rasmusen are organists, and P. Eugene Johansen is ward bishop.

TREMONTON FIRST WARD CHOIR, BEAR RIVER STAKE

This splendid choir under the direction of J. Ross

Beckstead is shown following their performance of

Gaul's Easter cantata, "The Holy City."

Dr. Grant Cook is associate director; Marjorit

Mason and Winifred Beckstead, accompanists; Moroni

Ward is choir president, and Nell Puzey is secretary.

Wayne I. Sandall is bishop of Tremonton First Ward.

GLENDALE EAST WARD CHOIR

The Glendale East Ward Choir of San Fernando

Stake was organized by the late Bishop J. Walter Low

and has functioned successfully for two years under the leadership of Fred L. Crandall, director, with Carrie B. Olsen as organist, and Emil Grab and Ada

Thomas as assistant. Grace Root is secretary. In the

development of this choir, the work and enthusiasm of

Ernest C. Haws, ward music guild chairman, has been

very helpful. The choir appreciates the sympathetic

support and guidance of Bishop Irwin—A.W. Harmon.Schreiner.

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

C-ra Subscriptions OWeSodferacfc to Servicemen THE ORIGINS AND HISTORY ancient Americans as taught by the Book

OF THE MAYAS of Mormon. There is an appendix of valuLJi/eMeas

(M. Wells Jakeman. Research Publishing able notes; a comprehensive bibliography;

index. plates Twentyfive a good California. andCompany, Los Angeles, of '"jHwo new requirements of the illustrations interest to the study. add The 1945. 203 pages. $3.00.)

book is a good piece of work, well done. post office department make

civilized highly people, Mayan whom it necessary for A. to us for ask—J. W. aTHE

the the of Spaniards found Conquest special type of cooperation from in 100 Central inspirathe America, been RADIO'S have SCIENCE OF MEN all are interested in who having tion ranging travelogues, of to books from ( Orrin Dunlap, E. Brothers, Harper Jr. and our in young service receive men thick, fantasies, to techhighly speculative pages. York. 294 $3.50.) New Improvement The Era promptly.nical, scientific treatises, technical from and

is as the today, the of used product Radio,firsthand reports to popular based books toil first truth seekers. their of of many is requirement The Out that is information. secondhandon This book contributions, slight, the many very some servicemen any are given who firstthe part general the of of a summary

built. art of has been these workers Some temporary or in light numthe best of the APO knowlmodern FPOMayas lived half before a Christ, others millennium bers their must have of subscripcare-edge archaeology, documents and

living are today. pictures very and The tionsfully to together, the origins give put until withheld and receive we brief of biographies pathfinders one hundred thishistory people, of challenging based on permanent addresses. inare in We electronics television this constitute and facts, sufficientprimary but with nontechthat formed no will magazines be it all, interest will volume. of to While benical explanation. until forwarded further notice to relish read the with carvare young by who

is general the readable introduction, Very those their future. It ing be, who out will have also temporary own a APO

interesting deals the history of withwhich or of handy volume A. numbers. W. FPO reference.—/.the discovery of development and our knowledge, with its present status, of the Mayas, THE DICTATOR AND THE DEVIL In order that there shall be the

Principles of History,"and "The Mayan least possible delay in getting the (Severance Press, Ecnareves Johnson.

theleading to the origin of of this problem to these Era servicemen pages. apYork. 322 $3.00.) who New importantmost people. preColumbian Dr. preciate it so much, urge fifteen cantos, we often containing powerful gives the careful of aJakeman summary IN bishops, directors, Era parents, lines, is flight there told the of the Dictator archaeologicalpresent knowledge based on

friends, relatives and all his to of varied Hades, experiences there beof facts,established then of survey a documents which have bearing on the Mayas with fore he can see the devil, his final conferthese brethren to send to us imsample texts and translations of some of ence with Satan, his appeal for help to conmediately the permanent adthe important documents (a good part his quer the world, Lucifer's decision, and the dresses of all who are included in fate. is Dictator's Hitler, Dictator but The work). chapter this complete gives a order.own it is A necessary Where

the to message apply one any may whofull the description justly of famous Mayan for us to withhold the awaitEra the of submerge freedom would man. The to dates,calendar the read and accomhow ing permanent addresses, the subis lines: last in of the heart the poem two ispanied, the as book, whole by many scription will period be extendedcharts, drawings, photographs. and An that soul seeks His "Each [God] wisdom He or issues back the of will magazineevaluation the of various correlating systems will bless sent, be according to the desires isthe Christian calendars and made. Mayan lift sin from happiness."to and And woe of the subscriber. chapters, author's the contribuownTwo

tion, deal with the authenticity and reliabilThough the European war is over, this the literatureity of ancient of the Mayas

Paradise forwith a method a relative giving each book has Lost.—/.permanentA. value.W. It is a modern New Subsciptions and

historical worth. About one hundred eighty Renewals

selected references form another part of this THE MAN MOSES carefully written book. The author is ex- (Frank C. Pinkerton. The Paebar ComThe second requirement is that

ceptionally well qualified by training and pany, New York. 132 pages. $2.00.) in the future written requests from

the serviceman himself criticallyresearch to appraise the must be work with the figure heroic forother scholars peoples on Central American made renew subscriptions or of INofeffectMosesa assermon,a background. J. A. W.

to in his right. contributionsand make own before newals the can send we ( Continued on page

(fee in Itzan the SocietyMembership to 542 Era anyone overseas. reThis

St., 4th 1232 13, Angeles$3.00), Los W. is quirement made of all magaCalifornia, the of includes a book. copy zines. therefore, that urge We, specializes in Society the andThe Mayan relatives of servicemen this make studies.Central American S. Franklin Harris, Jr. situation known to those in service overseas in order that they

JESUS CHRIST AMONG THE may make this request if they reANCIENT AMERICANS sire the Era renewed when subPaul M. Hanson. Herald Publishing House, scriptions expire. It is important

Independence, Mo. 256 pages. $2.50.) that attention be given to this matter immediately to in order avoid

is the of a author Reorganized member unnecessary disappointment.THE This

of Christ of Latter Jesus Church Day order does not apply to subscripSaints, of the in believer therefore a Book tions sent the within United this existing, In uses he volumeMormon.

accurate knowledge of ancient America to States.

the origin of the declared truth ofprove

Letters received us indicate by thatthe Book of Mormon. He shows

that helpful is a very the Era and investigationscholarly indicates that prehistoric Americans had knowledge of God, inspiring missionary to those in

Jesus Christ, baptism, the sacrament, priestthe armed service. It is important

hood, the temptation of Eve, immortality, that we do everything possible to and other Christian facts and principles as see that those away from home set forth in the Book of Mormon. In separate are supplied with the Era without

chapters, he bases his argument upon inunnecessary delay. Your coopformation derived from investigations of eration will be appreciated.

Aztec, Toltec, Maya, and the Inca civilizations. He concludes with a chapter on the Photograph b-j Harold M. Lambert

SEPTEMBER, 1945 537!"The Spoken Word "Goodness {Concluded from page 515)

Uhe record irpHERE are times when we may be disposed to conduct our lives carelessly and indifferently, on the assumption that when it is opportune and necessary, we will settle down to the serious business of living and give a more favorable account of ourselves. However, inevitably there comes a day when we have

reason to learn how great is the importance of the record—all the recordnot only the parts we are proud of, but

also the parts we wish weren't there.

For example, millions of young men have come to learn the meaning of the military record that goes with a soldier wherever he goes, explaining his past and qualifying his future. But this is

only one of the innumerable records that are kept in life, all of which add up to the picture of the whole. In school,

a record is kept of every grade and every course, and of conduct and attitude, all of which qualifies the opinions of others when we become candidates for further opportunities. Records are made of the

least infractions of the law that come under official cognizance. Records are

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY—Salt Lake City and Ogden made of credit ratings, of the certainty

and the promptness with which we discharge obligations; and any future financial help we may expect or hope for,

is qualified by the record. Records, not

This September is for numerous high school graduates thelessofficial, indelibleusually notin written,memory, butare nevermade by our friends and loved ones, of our

things that small for hapmany make THE MONTH OF DECISION daily conduct and consideration in piness or heartbreak. But beyond

For this month each will have to say to himself: these records which are kept both ofall

The training you now have is sufficient for your ficiallyrecord ofandourunofficiallylives is madeby others,within theus.

life's needs, or It shows in our faces, if we could read it. We are, in fact, our own record.

all are the of summation we have all all Continue Your Schooling Wedone, have seen, have we we

The great majority of those who decide to postpone their schooling, thought, all we have experienced; and

will NEVER take it up again when the books shall be opened and men shall be judged, selfrevelation,

THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS selfjudgment, selfappraisal may be offers its young people the best in college education by maintaining the dence—withexpected to carryeachthemanweightknowingof the fullyeviwhat he is. Sometimes youth permit the

record to become clouded, thinking that UNIVERSITY YOUNG BRIGHAM to the Provo better campus Write and make ithowever,won't matterit does matterlater. later.Unfortunately,And often Fall the Quarter. with attendancestill, paybeginninga visit for arrangementsa catalogue now,for youror,

there follows the heartbreak of wishing

REGISTRATION: October 1 and 2 the record were different—after it is

Preliminary examinations for new students: September 28 and 29 toopeople,late everywhere,to make it different.at home Toor away:young

if you would live in happiness, and at peace with yourselves, live so that you can look steadfastly at anyone without an accusing conscience, without the

and honest. open permit and Don't anything life's to get into that your record IM USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS HI OffER memory of unworthy things. Be straight

will stand not scrutiny the searchunder COMPLETE A Aids in treatment of Canker, simple SERVICE ing light If it ENGRAVING of day. rise do, will you throat minor and other mouth

to to Portraits the Largest sore in the plague Missionary years you to From come, and irritations. throat and Catalogues. your will thoughts accuse you, own

Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given even others not, for when do ourwe

Hall's selves are the record of Canker eternal our Remedy CO. ENGRAVING UTAH 536 East 2nd Lake City, Utah lives. So.—at Salt 29, 1945.—July St. Utah Salt Lake City, 113 Regent

Copyright. 1945.

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 519) as first counselor,Heaton and Elmo P. For Your Personal "RECONVERSION"

Humpherys succeeds President Abbottas second counselor. Program

Lincoln F. Hanks succeeds Wilford L. D. S. Business College offers specific, practical train-

A. Beesley, deceased, as president of ing with personalized instruction and individual progress.

the Salt Lake Stake. Edwin J. Cowley For high school and college graduates:

succeeds Irvin S. Noall as first counIntensive, thorough training to help you qualify for

selor, and Richard C. Andrew succeeds business or government positions.

George W. Ashton as second counFor Veterans:

selor. Complete or "refresher"business courses. The Col- T&flkimi School

Twin Falls Hospital lege is authorized to train you under the "G.I Bill

of Rights."Fall starting Term Idaho, Falls, residents"Twin have

now. The becoupon

given invitation the Church to an Bring low will youhelp them build a onehundred-fifty- L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE full information.

bed hospital. The Church had offered 70 North Main 'Salt Lake City 1

to participate fifty percent in the exTHIS SEND COUPON FOR INFORMATION project,pense of the that provided the L. D. S. Business CollegeChurch's share does not exceed Salt 70 North Main, City I, lake Utah

$375,000. Please employment service; telllivingmearrangementsabout your dayfor outof-townor eveningstudentsclasses;Q. tuition rates QMissionaries Released

High School Graduate D are missionaries"Rollowing were Remarks: who

College Student or Graduate D Name... released during 1945, June and July Veteran

reported: previously others notand nonHigh School Address G Mature.

California: Patricia Graduate Croft, Salt Lake City;

Elizabeth Jane Allen, Salt Lake City; Orson

W. Allen, Salt Lake City.

Canadian: Evelyn Myler Knowles, Ogden, Utah; Nelda Darlene Pierson, Sandy,

Utah; John Henry Wilding, Sugar City,Idaho. HAPPEN& East Central States: Clara Leone Balli, 8estthin<tThatmr

Salt Lake City; LaPriel Nan Russon, Salt

Lake City; Ella Theora Schofleld, Antioch,California; Pearl Tenney, Prescott, Arizona; toHOTCAK&I

Henry H. Weese, Ogden, Utah; Grover F. a Tea Garden Syrup "makes the meal

City; Ida Nelson,Coshow, Salt Lake when it comes to hot cakes..

Tuscon, Presley Arizona; RooseTimothy,

velt, Utah. TEA GARDEN

Salt Eastern States: Alsop, Earla LaRue Fancy Western Style Syrup City; Alice Pocatello, Anderson,Lake Mae

distinctive flavor, thicker body thanIdaho; Ashcroft, Arizona; Eagar, Mary Edhas a

ward Hunter Hale, Salt Lake City; Joan G. most syrups, doesn't soak into hot cakes.

Hale, SaltY. To cakes hot vary your HIT! Lake City; Leofa Joan Reber, MENU

Littlefield, Arizona. batter. or dry cereal add puffed to the

Hawaiian: Edwin Kent Baggs, Ogden,

Utah.

Mexican: Silvestre G. Brown, Colonia

Dublan, Chihuahua, Mexico; Albert K.

Wagner, Nueva Casas Grandes, Mexico;

Jose Bautista Zuniga, Salt Lake City.

New England: Archibald G. H. Webb;

Salt Lake City.

North Central States: Almina May Carter, Ogden, Utah; Margret Hertha Jenson,

Salt Lake City; Jane Elizabeth G. Lamb;

Hyde Park, Utah; George Z. Lamb, Hyde

Park, Utah; Leo James Peterson, Preston,

Idaho. Northern States: Peter Lauritzen, MidWith SEPTEMBER

vale, Utah.

Northwestern States: Pauline Black, OgCOMESden, Utah; Betty Iris Nielsen, Green River, SCHOOL DAYS

Wyoming; Inez George, Kanosh, Utah;Lois Bowcutt, Green River, Wyoming. COOLER NIGHTS

States Southern er, Utah; Aleen H.: JamesHansen,C. Hansen,Hooper, HoopUtah; PLANS FOR

Salt City. Nielson,Lola Lake

Salt Texas: Engh, Arnt Lake City. INDOOR AMUSEMENTS

choose you a When States: Howell, Western Marion Wenat your bookdell, Idaho; IdaHALLOWEEN FUN Bible Elsie S. Howell, Wendell,

store, it be certainho.

is the Kin-g James Excommunications version... best loved

seventy, Ernest J. Rettmer,Wilhelm

9, wife, FOR THE BEST COSTUMES inhomeschurches... today, andand born September 1900, and his

Berta J. F. Grossmuch Rettmer, born Octhrough the years.

tober 3, 1900, 28, excommunicated June 1945, HILLAM'S COSTUME SHOP Stake. Reason: teachingin Park advoand

cating doctrines contrary to the teachings SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH of the particularly reference Church, with to 10 Rooms of Splendid Costumes National QI BIBLES trinitythe of the Godhead. SINCE 1863... ATAT Y(YOUR BOOKSTORE on ( Concluded page 540

SEPTEMBER, 1945

RICHFIELD WARD'S SEVEN BISHOPS

Richfield's seven bishops have served and are now serving in this capacity. Six exbishops and the

present bishop, all of which represent more than the past forty years serving in this calling, the people of the Richfield Ward, San Luis Stake. They are first row, left to right: John W. Shawcroft, Henry W. Valentine,

David E. Shawcroft, John Nathan Shawcroft. Top row: Otto Walter Gylling, John Howard Shawcroft, and the

present bishop, Merlyn R. Manning.

These seven men have served a total of 128 years in the bishopric. John W. Shawcroft, David E. Shawcroft

and James Nathan Shawcroft are brothers; John Howard Shawcroft is son of John W. Shawcroft.

The Church Moves On California1945, in WatsonvilleMission, for violatingBranch, theNorthernlaw of (Concluded from page 539) chastity.Addie May Chapman Gustafson, born

Bessie Anna Jarvis Cress, born March 15, May 4, 1897. Excommunicated July 1, 1945,

1916. Excommunicated June 15, 1945, in in Watsonville Branch, Northern California

Montebello Ward, Pasadena Stake, for Mission, for violating the law of chastity.

apostasy. Carrie Myrtle Miller Smith, born August

Joseph David Jenkins, elder, born De- 1, 1879. Excommunicated June 11, 1945, in

cember 3, 1910. Excommunicated June 15, Dallas Branch, Texas Mission, for apostasy,

1945, in South Twentieth Ward, Ensign by request of member.

Stake, for violating the law of chastity. Alyce Newhouse Sprague, born DecemCharles Albert Sprague, no priesthood, ber 10, 1920. Excommunicated April 15,

born December 6, 1912. Excommunicated 1945, in Batavia, Eastern States Mission,

April 15, 1945, in Batavia, Eastern States for apostasy.

Mission, for apostasy. John Lewis Herron, priest, born March 1 1

John August Gustafson, elder, born Sep1880. Excommunicated July 29, 1945, in

tember 25, 1885. Excommunicated July 1, Magna Ward, Oquirrh Stake, for apostasy.

THE ATOMIC BOMB

(Continued from page 502) from the conversion of mass into energy.

farther removed, then the design would The sun does this very thing. It radiates

be that of the hydrogen atom); and the its mass. Thus, the sun is losing weight.

positron, a positively charged electrical But a little bit of mass produces a very "particle"of the same mass as the elecgreat quantity of radiant energy, so the tron and which in combination with the sun's reducing diet need not give us electron becomes either one or two concern.

quanta of radiant energy (hard X- Atoms, as we find them today, show rays), the mass of the "particles"havelectrons, protons, and neutrons put toing completely disappeared by the gether in many degrees of complexity.

union. The atomic structure is surely unlike

anything we have seen. But we believe

Ves, there is good reason to believe that it has a nucleus of protons and that matter may turn into radiant neutrons—-a sort of sun in a solar system

energy and conversely. For those who—and a group of electrons—the planets remember the physics of yesteryear, let—at varying distances from the nucleus.

us suggest that one law or conservation The simplest atom, hydrogen, is comis now thought to be sufficient: the law posed of one proton and one planetary

of the conservation of energy has swalelectron. When protons are added to

lowed up the law of the conservation of the nucleus and the corresponding nummatter. Matter goes into energy, and ber of electrons to the planetary conenergy into matter, but always at a figuration, a new element is produced.

in multiplied element, to grams the equal by the mass nucleus of of a given atom HOTEL0OYTOOMBES, ManagingUTAHDirector fixed exchange rate: energy in ergs is When neutrons only are added to the light. Strange velocity of are of element formed. square the that isotopes of

as it may seem, the energy which has There are some ninetytwo known elepulverized Japanese cities has come (Concluded on page 542) 540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.:

WAINS "go to sea by rail"on Southern Pacific's Over/and Route (pemAWNTOKYo)

Just west of Ogden, Utah, Southern After the war is over, we hope west, past mighty Mt. Shasta and

Pacific's Overland Route leaves the you'll come West on Southern Pacific's Shasta Dam; and on our Overland

land and heads out to sea toward a historic Overland Route. You'll Route, as we have told you here...

distant shore—thirty miles away! ride the swift streamliner City of San

This is the spectacular Lucin CutFrancisco, the famous Overland Limoff—a causeway across Great Salt ited, the San Francisco Challenger or

Lake. Southern Pacific built it to save the Pacific Limited. You'll "go to sea

44 miles. It was, and is, an engineerby rail"across Great Salt Lake, climb

ing wonder of the world. the High Sierra near milehigh Lake

Great Salt Lake fought its conTahoe, and glide down through the querors with savage fury. Sudden FortyNiner towns, to San Francisco.

storms tore away the pilings as fast as But that must wait. Southern Pathey were driven. In one place the cific trains are war trains now.

builders had to dump 75,000 carloads Our 100,000 men and women know of rock before they found firm bottom that Southern Pacific serves the main for the roadbed. But the job was West Coast ports of embarkation WEST COAST

done. It cost $8,000,000. from San Diego to Portland, and more OF MEXICO ROUJE

Eight million dollars to save 44 military and naval establishments miles! than any other fine. Night and day

America can be thankful now for they push the war trains through..

the courage and vision of the men who On our Sunset Route from New built the Lucin Causeway. It is one Orleans through the Old South and reason why America's railroads were Texas; on our Golden State Route S*P

able, when war came, to do a transporthrough El Paso and Southern AriThe friendly Southern Pacific tation job which would have seemed zona; on our Shasta Route down Headquarters

impossible before Pearl Harbor. through the evergreen Pacific North65 Market Street, San Francisco 5, California

SEPTEMBER, 1945 541 THE ATOMIC BOMB {Concluded [com page 540) other unexploded uranium atoms. Thus,

ments, and about three hundred isotopes, if a speed control can be found for these the most complex element, uranium, beejected neutrons, the shattering process ing composed of ninetytwo protons, one could go forward at a very rapid rate hundred fortysix neutrons, and ninetyand a tremendous amount of energy be two planetary electrons. One of the released. Without the initial bombardisotopes of uranium, uranium (235), ment, the uranium would remain quieshas only 143 neutrons in the nucleus, cent with its energy in safe keeping. But

and it forms the 1/139 part of uranium once the neutrons were permitted to as found in nature. give the initial blow, the fireworks

would move forward with devastating

VSTe do not presume to know how the energy release. One can suppose that a

"v atomic bomb is constructed. Studyspeck of radium placed in a lead box

ing the literature, which is free for any with a window opened by a timeand all to read, and following the pubmechanism would be the trigger of the licity so far released, we can guess that bomb. The radiations from the radium,

the atomic bomb may be built on the on striking beryllium, would eject the principle known in nuclear physics as required initial neutrons.

fission. It has been known for at least It has been estimated that a quart of

five years that, if uranium (235) is uranium (235) should be able to give bombarded by neutrons of the correct out one billion kilowatthours of energy speed, the uranium atom will break in a fraction of a second. At the very

down into two or more fragments, two cheap rate of one cent a kilowatthour, of which have roughly equal masses. the energy would be worth ten million

The energy released by such an atomic dollars.

catastrophe results from the fact that The principles here described may the total mass of the final products is not have been used at all—the method

less than the mass of the original atom. of constructing the atomic bomb is still

Thus, mass has been changed into a secret. But we are sure that brilliant

energy. minds and skilled hands have rendered

In the fission process, neutrons are superb wareffort—effort which when

also ejected from the shattered atom, peace comes may bring new energy and these in turn might bombard a sources within the economic reach of neighboring unexploded uranium atom, all, and the spirit of man may find time shattering it and emitting still more for a fuller expression of its latent neutrons which in turn might strike still powers.

. of TIME and

ON THE BOOKRACK SKtElIX (Continued from page 537) communistic philosophy of Russia at the recommendations the of time. present One INDIA TO HOME

is thoroughauthor so that the this for book Brothers, Harper and ( Santha Rau. Rama readdecades, For than two more sources appending his book, ly documents pages. 1945. $2.50.) York. New of Salt Tribune ers have the Lake furthermore author study. further for The

will bear delightful reading—which236 its coninto of society of Russian Skeezix the breaks FOR growth watched down

the of of fruits one in the each to analyze proceeds parts stituent and the keen Alley with Gasoline same is, as crucial book postwar inwill the headings unit. of understandingproblems—this chapter Some a interest as a live and if he were indicate, Written the publishers a "find."of Limits of the work: the dicate scope The

breathing person. Now Skeezix by a graduate of Wellesley, who also reStalin's Realism, The New Religious Policy,

in education Engher of ten years ceived Policy, Foreign of two Soviet Concept himself has The a son—Chipper—and the attached to father her where was Classes, chapters The Upper on The New into the land, Alley continues Gasoline the service, autobiography diplomatic Indian Class, Forced Peasantry, Working The plots, generation. Believable third the great poignancy unfolds with charm and Soviet of the Party Communist Labor, The

its squalor tragic the India of realistic dialogue and chuckling present—with Union.

possibilities. infinite its and ensituations interest have established since himlong has human author The

It is that freshness makes written a with historian critic able self and as competent a readers Alley to Gasoline deared if vividly he react as the reader as were his Russia's in Soviet previous books: of all ages. the things authe with experiencing same 19391942, Policy, and Russia Foreign and

it thor. will unthe help reader Moreover, will to add Europe. This volume Postwar

that the great of purposes derstand some fields. in his stature C. both the M. Skeezix, and Walt, J. Chipper of Indians give the to themnative impel

are persons Alley Gasoline other conditions. their to selves correct and means FUTURE OF EUROPE THE

lies author's offered in the real blue ribthe 73 in the as one of joy book The Holt and Company, (Johannes Steel. Henry

bon features found exclusively in avoidance of stiffness or preachment at the New York. 1945. 253 pages. $3.00.)

the to deal this purports with deals it actually with the Salt Lake Tribune. same time that she treats vital issues.—M. C. /. Althoughfuture of Europe,

THE REAL SOVIET RUSSIA the history—without which an understand-

(David J. Dallin. Yale University Press, ing of any future would be impossible.

1944. pages. $3.50.) 260 Haven. of the focal history the of a review Rather<: New inthe in trouble points of Europe, book first the chapter, devotes author himsections dealing with Poland, cludes The INselfhis that has the great to misinformation

been carelessly printed in various foreign Balkans, The Baltic States, Finland, publications by "... honest, decent folk who Czechoslovakia, as well as a rather full

situations in of Germany. either or analysis the language do not know jferit gakr often the that all should kind of This is book said that the country."the RusThe author

sians have a word for it klyukva, which read, not to accept without further reading has come to signify to them a certain kind and study, but that all may be stimulated of ridiculous misinformation. to greater thinking and planning for peace. %iMn By careful analysis, the author has indi-—M. C. J.

cated the changes and the constants in the (Concluded on page 544) 542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7%e /n/fes pot/'/Z/eare 6eA//?t/poUi/

On its way is the day when your windshield will frame a lovely new picture each moment. And

by night you will be in far country—sped there by NEW- l

Day Conoco Bronz-z-z GASOLINE. It's coming with endless hushed power, pantherlike Look for the big red Conoco

getaway, and plentiful mileage. That's triangle on Your Mileage

Merchant's Conoco station.

how our thorough experience with warThere's the place to get gaswinning gasolines will plainly improve oline that's made to come your own. All this progress is coming from up to the highest limit of

newday knowledge of research. Look forquality, underlations.today'sYou regucan

ward then to unexcelled gasoline—NEWDAY have confidence in

CONOCO BRONZ-Z-Z. Continental Oil Company Your Conoco Mileage Merchant.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 543 009999900099999909090099 ON THE BOOKRACK (Concluded /rom page 542) some situations that prevail, not that this

GREEN ARMOR should be accepted completely, without a (Omar White. W. W. Norton & Co., New reading of such books as People on Our Side

York. 1945. 288 pages. $3.00.) by Edgar Snow, and Vigil of a Nation by

:Improvement diffor Era Lin authors as widely Yutang may diary, four ased notebooks, a on a "D and

fer different because that they of experiences *- file recollecdispatches, of as as well a all in the country, have of had same them tion of events this last at and men, can book treat things agreed. some are they which on present that information or a year so ago It is carefully reading, selecting wide by not could published, dealing have been asSubscribers... those authoritative writers books which pubit the did "bloody, with experidespairing

lish, that truth. to recognize come we Not ence of in and Americans Australians New affairs current writer one the any has on the in and Guinea 1942 Solomons 1943. and The gives of ERA you much truth, entire for the to writes he according fight "Their not merely against was the best current CHURCH light his of experience, that experience and It all fight Japanese. against nature a was

differ in the countries, smallest of can even LITERATURE. Within its covin I her violent perversity. most day, One

the depending regions the people and on ers find you each think, aumonth will students of modern concede war visited. that fight the against the nature factor thoritative was material written or

is divided into book The two sections: that all others above influenced the course spoken by our Church leaders.

Front. Border Region The Each of duration and of the and Up war against Japan."

Has it occurred to you what The reading is not the afternoontea type these sections is treated in various chapters such it is in Chunking, as HushHush reading, of that the but such reader A Mixed priceless of theoelogy, gems versus Economy, Medicine Witchcraft, feeling help fight cannot that the has been a downto-earth poetry and gosBases, AntiJapanese versus Kuomintang tough one must and tougher be even an one pel you have in the yearby- before the enemy in the Pacific will be finalKungchantang; Behind the Japanese Lines,

year volumes of this magaly defeated and attention again can be The Fireworks Village, The Assault on zine? turned to ways of peace. Lofan.

This is the kind of book that each of us The book reports the author's six months'

Why not preserve them for should read to insure ourselves against comstay in the Border region in the fall of 1944 your future reference and your placency. M. C. /.—and as such is a running commentary on

of some opposing the men nad movements children's edification? RED FROM CHINA We urge REPORT Chiang Kaishek.—M. C. J. (Harrison Forman. Henry Holt and Comso. you to do

pany, New York. 1945. 250 pages. $3.00.) BIBLE MUSIC

intelligent to be about postwar (Lulu Wiley. Paebar Rumsey The ComSingle volumes INproblems,order realistically to face (12 numbers) the need bound we pages. pany, York. 218 $3.00.) New of problems even our staunchest attractive,in durable, blue

in verses cloth internalallies, Bible, the referring to music, 'TPhe among be promimust China whom binding, stamped in gold, $2.25 nently numbered. The difficulties between J- musical instruments, music terms, singeach, plus postage. the two great units in China: the Kuomining, dancing, and Bible musicians, are here

tang and the Kungchantang, should be recplaced in consecutive order. Scholarly comif ognized explain that offer ments to and analyzed escape the much would we hopeTen or more volumes at one time

intelligent, It is reader. ordinary solution. an unbiased addition a valuable This book

$2.00 each, plus postage is one that should be read—along with Bible literature; and informative, interestingto

others—to try to obtain an understanding of reading for all Bible lovers.—/. A. W.Bring them in or mail them to us

now! FATHERS OF MEN

ceo {Concluded from page 503) conferences one of the leaders of the or to the side of it. The day he came stake said to me, 'Brother Kirkham,

to my office, he was terribly worried. after the morning meeting I wish you

it seemed the take opportunity to would walk had son. with The Whilethe last hefewwasyearsa atChristian,least, he given home I wish you would my

no time to religion. He was too busy have a little talk with him. He is not

Deseret Hews Press chasingas if he thecould"almightytake hisdollar."accumulationHe actedof yougoingwouldto his haveSabbatha chatschool,withandhim.'I wishSo

wealth with him to the great beyond. I looked for the opportunity. I took

29 Richards Street, Salt Lake City This day he was worried. He said, the chap by the arm, and we started

"Bishop, some night I want to talk to down the street toward the home. I

cooccceoccccecccccecccec you. I feel I should be doing something thought a very good approach would

other than worrying and stewing about be for me to say: 'You know, you have

the things that have been taking most a great father, a fine man,'and so I of my attention."He had come to the started out with words like these, and

Western History - - - pointone towherekneel hein prayerfelt he wouldwith him.like someIn the thenand said:the boy'BrotherimmediatelyKirkham,turnedI towishme

course of the conversation, I told him you would talk to my father for me. In

in his time all spend he should has I thought never life he been with me my call that would cause benevolent to a movie. has never takenBrigham Young some me with He

The Colonizer forWehis madewonderfula date,abilitybut beforeto do good.the date checkershim. I haven'twith him.evenI wouldhad "aappreciategame of

father.'By Dr. Milton R. Hunter was consummated—that very night—he your talking to my

took his to and head for of Fathers not put a revolver men, up "Lay... the authentic story of an inspired leader,

leave? life. did he his earth, treasures yourselves much upon where How great people,a an epic achievement.

all that everything. corrupt, left was and rust and moth doth where What He

: stewing about wealth thieves and break through and steal But lay 400 pages... Price $3.00 worrying

in about nothing! treasures up for yourselves heaven, ado worth? Much

(See order blank on page 473) where neither moth nor rust doth corTouring a recent general conference, rupt, and where thieves do not break

President Oscar Kirkham told an through nor steal: For where your

his Let's use experience. is, there own treasure amusing will your heart be

stake our at one of 6:1921.) "Recently also."(Matthew 18BDDKCRAFTRichards Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah words:

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FINE TOOLS FOR FINE CROPS

m-M--

T7*OR any farmer the big job lies in the harvest. The CONDITION of the potatoes he sends to market. But

* goal to which all his work is pointed is the crop the man with an Oliver Potato Digger has little to and the profit—or lack of it—that comes from that worry about in this respect. For his digger gets over

crop. To help assure a fine harvest, he must have the field quickly, pushing up potatoes in good, clean

fine tools. condition. No scuffing or scarring here. And his

machine is built for rough use, too, yet mighty easy

This is tremendously important to the potato grower. to pull because of its light draft.

The price can vary widely with the appearance and

Its Power Lift puts the digger points into the ground ready for work with an easy pull on the trip rod. At

the headland another easy tug and up they come, quickly and positively. The digger mechanism operates through the tractor power takeoff—built to

fit all well known makes of tractors. If you want

FINE potatoes, ask your Mountain States dealer to show you a FINE potato digger—the Oliver No. 4.

nHOUSANDS*******of exacting beet growers acclaim * Oliver's mounted beet lifter. Here's a machine

that will step through your fields and do a complete "once over"job. Each beet is lifted in a crown of

loose dirt... remains sweet and moist while the

topping gang works up to it. Easy, simple to handle

and adjust. No gouging, cutting or bruising of beets.

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO OGDEN, UTAH BRANCHES: Ogden and Tremonton, Utah; Preston, Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, Shelley, Twin Falls,

Buhl, Rupert and Rexburg, Idaho

FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY SEPTEMBER, 1945 545

Horizons of Living Industrial Tractors and Engines ( Concluded from page 494 Loaders Cranes Snow Plows Mowers - Brooms It was then possible to point out to her that one of the higher joys of life is the joy of worship, but to obtain that joy requires a training and selfdiscipline as rigid as any required to ob-

T\ O Z E N S of "Cateringtain orthehearingjoy whichgoodcomesmusic.fromIt requiresproducthe training of the mind to thrust aside

all thoughts of labor or amusement and pillar"Diesel owners to allow the mind to reach for and fathom the finer harmonies of the universe until the very harmony links man training be This cannot his Maker. have told us they won't with

isolated out of obtained in a day or grow and infrequent experiences. It is the

give up their present productselfdiscipline.of activeIt is desiremost easilyand constantattained

inworship—inhouses dedicatedthe presenceand maintainedof beautifulfor machines until they can surroundings and accompanied by appropriate music. It is an outgrowth of

the regular and systematic cultivation get a new "Caterpillar"of the soul.

The pleasures most easily attained are admittedly the physical pleasures,

Diesel. That's why we thewhichenjoymentare limitedpossibleboth andin thein extentthe numof

ber of years during which they can be have a bank of back personenjoyedwhoseat all.pleasuresIndeed, arethe confinedworld of toa

the physical, narrows perceptibly in his declining years until it is snuffed out orders for delivery. Betwith life itself. But the world of the

person who takes pains to cultivate the finer and imperishable joys of the spirit ter get yours in now! is forever enlarging. For such a person,

the words of the Master ring with meaning: "... I am come that they might have

life, and that they might have it more abundantly."(John 10:10.)

Birds and Bombs (Continued from page 493) them, so decided to try England the following year. This seems unlikely, ROBISO judging by their actions in '45, because U AC HINE R Y CO. in spite of their hardships in Britain last

245 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH year, they returned this spring to bombdamaged London, some taking up residence in ruined buildings, others showing a decided preference for historical landmarks, such as Westminster Abbey.

Birds have not only been good citizens, but have proved useful in wartorn

Britain. Soldiers learning to be obFAULTLESS FUNNM... the school mating sy HUNTCRQRAHAM

V-EAST MS \NW=E SPHS FAViUTVJESS SUE TW GWE I V-ERRH AVWAVS HowpoyouPo! \"S OUVL FOV*. CPvU HEW NE\M TEFvCHEU \S TEU.TR'VO CREV\T. THE SIRrCH I'M TO ] V* THV5 PEUGHTEP OTSOMETVUNG PBourt \ROW\HG fioy \T COMTPANS VIA teacher! MOTriER MEET OF STPRCYA. THE FPfcJUlSS THESE RaWEUTS WW\T UOFWEUEVevucpt\oh 1 \T N\MCE TH.PT *i\CEV SUCH AWS PRESSEV GOMHF\ \U R\GWTfANV TEftCHERS GET VoH'T, MRS.BROVM EftSN AUV FORGET to WHEN To CY.0THE8 CH\U?REU GWEGETAC.Q.U fi\HTEV \N\TH TV\\5 tAPME-1 CA\4 vae To\ v SHE TUftT TEU.HER HER about?A\}U*U=SS 'MEET\HGS HOT STARCH PERFECT F\H\SR.j STARCH fAUUYISS

AT ONE OF TUESE NMVTHOUT COOKMG'

MEET\NGS GEEIFOROHCE 1 WE'RE TEEUH'TEftCRER

She's as vmuRTwe start o? scuooi.

purttv as a AUV WWICHTO VO uhe of 5parkung THERE VAU5T. BE V-et FAULTLESS STARCH

FAVIVTVESS 5TARCHEP, SotAETRXHG -CO 5fWE TIME FOR VOU!!

CEOTHES FAUtf\ tSS STKvlCH TW AREVNAVAENAiMSPEOFEE BRAGG\HG ASOUT

"because so many people were asking To Verna's question she answered,Birds and Bombs about you."And she asked, "How are "Much better, Sis."

servers were sent out into the fields to you, honey?"Then she added brightly, "Just tell

watch the feathered songsters. This A warm glow crept around Josie's my friends I'll soon be back in the chain

had a twofold benefit: not only are heart. "How kind of them!"she said, again."

birds ideal objects on which to practice, but also this method of training was soothing to jangled nerves. And of

course carrier pigeons were in constant use by all the services of the Allies.

Every bomber that crossed the channel to Europe from Britain, and every ship took homing pigeons as an emergency means of sending messages.

Many of our boys overseas were for the first time in their lives bird conscious, writing from both Italy and

Britain that the birds seemed to be holding their own.

For the last four hundred years there have always been some ardent students of ornithology; and since the beginning

of this century a concerted effort has been made to increase the bird population of the world.

How did the birds stand the strain of war? This question is easily answered. They, with their persistence,

did their best to survive, while we aided turn. at themand abetted every So

to there bombs, seems be It's final call for the or nobombs little danger of their depletion.

AUTUMN QUARTER A Link in the Chain at your University (Concluded from page 507) illness,mother's and because he had fields of University, leader in educaThe a modernhelped a nephew whose home was is increasingly scientific research, tion playing an andburned. the wrinkle wonder was No

Its schools of Arts and Sciences,there!dream—herAgainfatherJosiein rememberedthe link... andher intermountainimportant part west.in the development of Utah and the

Verna... and the nursery children.... Education, Business, Mining and Engineering, Medi

And it seemed to Josie that her heart cine, Law, Social Work, and other divisions beckon would burst. She squeezed her father's students to new and inviting fields of Tomorrow.

hand weakly.

"Don't you worry, Daddy,"she said, Important Autumn Quarter dates:

trying to cheerful. sound can't "You students for new September 6—Testskeep a chicken good down, you know."for freshmen September 7—Assembly smiled. Mr. Barlow

"No,"he said, looking more cheerful. September 8—Registration of freshmen

of all others—especially"You can't keepa livea chickengood chickenlike you."down SeptemberSeptember 11—Classwork10—Registrationbegins

'T'he next morning when Josie opened For detailed information, call or write the Office of the her eyes, she did not move immediPresident, University of Utah. A special bulletin for Serviceately. She was trying to analyze her men and Service Women is available at the same office.

feeling. She breathed deeply, and the

breath was partly a sigh of relief. The

pain was much less. Why—she was

better in every way. The sun rose and cast a golden slant UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

lightof across hospital bed. Josie's

's spirits roseJosie cast Salt Lake City, Utah with the sun and a glow of cheer over her thoughts. She

lay quietly wishing that Verna would come.

But Verna did not come for a while, and Josie had time to think. And there 11

were so many things to think about. and The SpokenWord"[Richard JL. tbvans

Even grandmother's quaintsounding of Tabernacle the talks the broadcasts third from of intermission The volumechain no was was a dream—it HILLS"volumes, Like its companion programs. Choir THE "UNTO and Organ all reality. cleara were longerWhy—they

is personal in this volume any a prized book "THIS ALWAYS,"and inlinks DAY AND chain. the did one same What

was important because it affected all library... a choice gift for every occasion. Price, $1.50.

therethe Oh, was so much blank.) 529 for order and pages 491

tell only come. would Verna Verna—ifothers.

Street, Salt City 18 Richards Lake 1, Utah did come. At last Verna to B00KCRAFT (See

"I was delayed,"Verna explained,

SEPTEMBER, 1945 547

HERE'S *7<>datf4.

Baking Powder IS TOBACCO HARMFUL?

(Continued from page 509) lung, appears to be increasing and many had confirmed previous experimental writers feel that it is directly due to the

Uabbergii studytive, harmfulindicatingeffectthatontobaccothe entirehas acircuposi- rapid increase in smoking.

latory apparatus. Cince smoking has become prevalent

with girls and women, many articles to with reference appeared have the is effect harmful a produced on HThere effects inproduced. enormous The

aldigestive tract tobacco, the by is in sale in crease cigarets the great of differ to authorities as the though mechjfJiPOUBLE IbtfiiUBLE 01 i!f increased to part smoking due by wominjury. the extent of anism the and lAKiHG en. cigarets Guaranteed In 1931, 113,500,000,000 by ISt-V-JH*

in ulcer treating experience Based on yrAC1ACTIOSGood "".:".", ssvri bTiS 'States."in the sold In United were irHousekeeping i tciivi or SKJJMahpCOMW va that authorities of the agree stomach,

, "agg 4hveiitis> w2>Dtf >SsJ*I this increased 1941 had to number is results better are smoking where 1 are writers 89,760,000,000. conMany to eliminated. refuse physicians Many that sensitive are vinced more women The Baking Powder ulcer, treat unless patients they with the poisons than of to tobacco men,

of Studies give tobacco. to use agree up cirwill that time increased 8 and show the with Professor of Northwestern Ivy by disease culatory women. among Many that causes indicate University, smoking

feel often that also smokers women BALANCED DoubleAction little in secretion, the but acid change greater to than men. excess smoke

inhibition functhe causes of motor an Girl's is It difficult balanced to Clabber double accurate condraw of tions allows an the stomach, which effect to clusions of the smoking as on it action natural the choice gastric secretions, makes of and accumulation infants. nursing expectant mothers and

irritation the of stomach consequent for the literature in just confusing for recipe are... modern Reports and

therefore, wall. advises complete He, will research further necesbe much

in right the action the restriction mixing for ulcer bowl, of the pasmoking facts. the establish sary to Campbell"

tient. interestreported has some Wolf final article: light in rise plus that the recent matersays to a "As and

in a carried ing experimental out work is overstrained already nal organism by fluffy fistula in flavor of patient the oven. a permanent had who the of the pregnancy, burden added

constant the that oballowed stomach, circulation, the digestive, the tobacco on its lining servation of membranes. aggramaterially system, and nervous

the of produced a blanching Smoking the are there condition abvates and indicating blood a lessened membranes, GIRL CLABBER parturition, normalities of pregnancy, felt, healretard flow. This, he would lactation, commonly and much more

ulcers. of ing questionin sent nonusers."than He HAUTE, IK 0. HULMAN AND COMPANY TERRf 10 of Hanand Westphal Weselmann seventyfive naires to prominent obover, reported experimental work on stetricians in the country asking their

stomach secretions, which indicated opinions as to the harmfulness of smokthat the primary effect of tobacco on the ing during pregnancy. Sixtythree said

stomach was the setting up of a gastritis, unfavorable effects were produced; five

LOOK HOW EASILY which means an inflammation of the said, "I don't know"; two said, "Yes,

stomach wall. This was indicated by if susceptible"; three had no opinion to

SOILOFF CLEANS PAINT the prompt and continued increase in offer; two said, "No."It was the con-

? the cell count of the stomach contents sensus that women were very suscepton smoking. They contend that gastritis ible to nicotine and that universal abis the precursor of more serious organic stention would be desirable. Campbell

disease of the stomach, and that smokfurther says its role in ing an important thus plays that cigaret smoking, is It my contention the of development. Sara Jordon, head r3 influence degenerating ways has a in many

medical division of the Lahey Clinic in upon every woman addict, and that it is

Boston is emphatic in her contention prejudicial to her highest efficiency as a that ulcer patients cannot be satisfacsweetheart, a wife, or a mother. Smoking

torily treated unless the patient gives up in adolescence certainly causes physiological smoking. unbalance at a time, when, for safety she

Reports covering a period of years should be under complete selfcontrol. A

emphasize the close relationship of womangins, can'twhocontrolsmokesthebeforehabitpregnancyduring pregbe- cancer of the mouth, throat, and lungs, nancy.

is evidence to of tobacco. the use The

is It evaluate present, at impossible, to irritation that the from overwhelming the ineffect on of maternal smoking the that changes preliminary causes tobacco is It helpful certain that fant. no it has to cancer development. are conducive

influence. Nicotine be can demonas condition the tongue a known On milk, so in mother's strated the and can ourface this lesion develops, lencoplakia and. J,e painted ab infant. susceptible to harmful be any Pores irritaseals is definitely precancerous. The against Perlrabbits J* by on Experimental work the factor, tion to according Cyclopedia 11

color, there that associates showed keeps and man wifiShens is authors, probMedicine and many of less birth percent seventeen a was is in present tar tobacco ably which CaL animals the exposed were weight when Del7.GndaH III. to tar applied Experimentally, smoke.

the skin of animals often produces to continuous tobacco smoke. The octen times births of still was easily accurrence cancer, such could have and youjWM mortality before the maas great, and in contained tion in the tobacco S***S */3 amount

in the as as great times three turity is particularly smoking: smoke. Pipe fvi GoodGuaranteedHousekeepingby l'

liable to result in cancer of the lip. controls.

Bronchogenic cancer, or cancer of the There are a number of other poisons in tobacco inherently, or generated dur8A. C. Ivy, Journal of the American Medical AssoSOIL-OFF ciation, March 11, 1939 nPerIman, Damenberg and Sakoloff, Journal of the

THE ORIGINAL LIQUID PAINT CLEANER "Wolf and Wolf, Oxford University Press, 1942 American Medical Association, November 25, 1942 10Westphal and Weselmann, Yearbook of Medicine, UA, M. Campbell, American Journal of Obstetrics

1940 and Gynecology, March 1936 548 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA greater enjoyment of healthIs Tobacco Harmful? adversedoctor oftensymptoms,hears hisare patientsuccessful.say, "IA consequentful living.

taken up smoking; never had wish I efing the of combustion smoking. The I There can be no doubt that research off."better be much He has no wouldfect of these other chemicals is conthe of to be has use tobacco proved patient, helping a such of means easytroversial, doubtless but of them some

definitely body. harmful the to human lies himself. within ability stop to the as influences serious at times.have The

is its increasreaction against use The is contentcarbon probably monoxide intelliis field fertile ing, the for as accumulates. evidence a There may One in forresponsible the lowered oxygen the against tactful then, crusader ask Smith, gent did and Joseph "Where arterial ofthe smokers. venblood The the people acquire ago, than century tobacco a young use of who more by the blood, other aous has hand on habit. in justify the that yet taken information up They not him would have saturation, thehigher oxygen oxygen

It of its necessity the with strongly so use?"impressed condemning can be thatcontent equaling often almost of

is restrictions that placed on additional the to to here seems obedience mearterial blood. changes These blood of obligation in justification for as divine belief the tobacco, an of the use

for theperhaps of abaccount many is far the origin historic that the This of document, by members. Church

cirlater innormalities that the develop In that made. be can of appeal played strongest has which Wisdom, Wordculatory system. lessened vital in lives definite of of role shaping promise the addition, such a a

Denicotinized cigarets are widely adrisk of ill health can be given, with a Latterday Saints.

vertised as being less harmful than the standard brands. This is not the opinion

of investigators. Wright and Moffat,

already quoted* found no difference in the standard and denicotinized brands.

substantiated andThis was by Bernay13 investigators.Faure, French The filtering principle used in some cigaret

holders is ineffective in removing the nicotine. These filters soon become

clogged and require changing after cigarets. ten five tosmoking E. M.

in that reductionBailey 14 feels any nicotine that might be obtained by use of the filters, would be more than offset by the smoking of more cigarets, because of the feeling of security and safety on the part of the smoker using the filter.

of of the Department Lundy, chief at theAnesthesia Clinic, 15 emMayo phasizes the greater risk of lung complications after operations on patients who smoke to excess.

"Rfl'uCH has been written in the past

A about the lessened resistance of young people who are addicted to smoking. Athletic coaches and others able to

make comparative studies often say that the addict shows earlier fatigue and inability to "hold up,"as compared with nonsmokers. These deductions are not

always based on controlled experiments, but they come from so many sources that they must carry much weight in the aggregate. We must remember, too, that many of these reports

come from men who are themselves smokers, and who would be glad to prove that tobacco is not harmful.

A large percentage of tobacco users feel that they are running more or less risk in its use. The commonest complaints are "cigaret cough,"palpitation,

irritable throat, nervousness, and insomnia. Most smokers are convinced

that they would be better off if they did not smoke, and make frequent and heroic efforts to break the habit. In this

they are usually disappointed, as it is extremely difficult to stop smoking, and only those with great will power or who have been frightened severely by

Bernay and Faure, Journal of the American Medical

Association, December 4, 1937 UE. M. Bailey, Journal of the American Medical Association, May 11, 1940

1BJ. S. Lundy. Surgery Gynecology and Obstetrics,

May 1942 SEPTEMBER, 1945 549 MORMON (Continued from page 512) that the people were almost as numerseashore. the the sand as on The ous pitted will sheer power idealism and

city of the river flowed by Sidon vile that against which was Mormon the east Atthe was Zarahemla. To strength his of of Because mean. andjUsttcAabae*/ Pacific. the the to lantic west and ocean strong a character, home from derived

opportunity on an had have may He of the influence Amand environment the cities to travel through coast east the peoobliquities of the maron, the moral and Nephihah, Bountiful, Mulek, at leaderof his great chance ple him gave to found much Lehi. he have may And therefore, environment, ship. dual His

in the Zarahemla of south interest him opportuabundant with furnished him nities for success and he capitalized on land of Manti and west towards the cities Cumeni, of Zeezrom, in the Pacific large of opportunities. was these He sea distance from Antiparah. and The a commandhad have stature must and

possible great, and it is not to sea was commandernature, for ing he was made inchief of all Nephite armies at the age that Mormon saw the stormy Atlantic

Pacific. peaceful the and sixteen.

will seeing and of more be You else, he must everything above But great man, a Yes, was a Mormon of these honof golden emblems more take father him to his persuaded have Nephi. His of leader, a descendant discharge. for them. orable Watch

recsacred the hill Shim, where the to three in leadership was manifested the wear Honor who them—men

their duty has been well done. ways: as an historian, as a prophet, ords were deposited.

One of these days Overland Greyand as a warrior. It was in 345 A.D., when Mormon

too, will be "discharged"hound, years of age, and thirtyfour was from Mormon as Record Keeper was Then,war service. we will be ready the of all as commanderin-chief serving

finest in the newest with and a second for that forces, went he searching someone Nephite who bus \17hile that take to you on service—ready therefrom took and to the hill Shim time sacred with be trusted many Y * could this to see vacation deferred long them of Nephi. plates hill Upon the large in the buried records he had which for. fought America""Amazing you

his contemof history the a he also engrave could Shim, and who engraved8 plates these on poraries. engraved plates of the people He of the history on

AIR CONDITIONED BUSES Nephi, Ammaron discovered the boy a "full account of all the wickedness

OVERLAND Mormon.mon's senseAmmaronof responsibility,observedhis Moracute yearsand abomination."he had custodyForof thethe nextplatesfortyand

mind, and his faith in God. Impressed continued to engrave on them the hishis people. of his observations, he arranged to talk tory byGREYHOUNDiAf with Mormon. as commanderin-chief A.D., In 385

Operated by said: forces, all he wrote a letter He of Nephite INTERSTATE LINES TRANSIT

arranging the Lamanites, of king the to child, art thou that and I perceive... a sober of exin a battle Lamanites the to meet are Therefore, ye art to observe; when quick

hill Cumorah. the tinction around I old four years would and twenty about

that ye should remember the things which Knowing this battle would be the last ye have observed concerning this people; struggle of his wicked followers, and

and when ye are of that age go to the land having been commanded to preserve the

Antum, unto a hill which shall be called records, he made a set of gold plates, the I deposited unto there have Shim; and In of call the Plates Mormon. which we

all concerning engravings sacred the Lord the including form, their completed the take this people. behold, ye shall And this record was Nephi, of small plates rethe yourself, plates of and unto Nephi six inches wide, and long, inches eight place shall leave in the where ye mainder 10

thick. six inches the plates shall engrave they are; on and ye

of Nephi all the things which ye have obMaking these plates was not easy, served concerning this people.7 but this physical task was small in comin- labor intellectual the with parison responsibility the accepted Mormon the of history the abridging in volved time the to when looked forward and addiin and Lamanites; and Nephites records. the of custody could have he of engraving the work there tion was solicitation, his at Mormon's Perhaps plates. his gold his history on to year the following father him took

8 the of It sound the denseafter a Zarahemla. was of day land the Day

be could anvil the striking ly populated area, for Mormon wrote hammer s P add as distance the in Mormon heard dice 1:2-4 'Ibid., of sheets thin at eft the prepare to vr worked 1:6 8Ibid., \ c et, d V? it, mined record. his for He metal fl

, vtZlZ'WiZ+Vi*oni sheets these sheets, cut thin it into beat putee OWNERSHIP into plates eight inches by six inches in into sai* By Delia Adasms Leitner size,must andhave ringedfelt proudthemoftogether.his achieveHe

HEYellowedfound a withrare tatteredold manuscript,ends, timement.wasWhatthat hehis didrecordnot wasknownotatcomthe

task the to face later that he was pride he showed pleted, with collector's aPP.e *l And PulkeenevTgiveS - of plates Nephi small the of ringing to his friends. His treasure '1 produced. Comrecord he had the with

texts wisdom's of Ignoring finished the task, this he had gold pleting scroll, the Handprinted on the in preparing involved labor physical period cost and quoted He plates. k*:S'goal. his Possession was

2:1617 Hbid., 1 it joy with read saw youth who A o\ Jesus the of Church History Smith, 10Joseph truth of Its priceless words gBE Sjodahl, 537; Saints, IV, Latterday J. M. of

his scroll not the does o[ buyer know o[ Mormon, to the Book Study The Introduction AnChrist

Belongs.to that glad youth. pp. 3546.

550 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MORMON Wartime But this was only a small part of the father used reformed Egyptian because himself. for required too he had outlinedwork Hebrew He much space. He Travel states that if large sefurther plates ofread the and could have Nephi Mormon

lected the ideas he wished to present used Hebrew there would have been no on his plates. He realized that the sucimperfection in the record. 1* Moroni, Hint

forcess certain imperfections, of apologizing be determined would his work ability discriminating in the his the record. 16 If you must travel now, asks us not to beby to condemn

selection of details. After he had read Continuing, Moroni wrote: "And if please make your hotel ressentences faults formulated the faults to there hea be they be few pages,

ideas, theexpress engraved and then behold, no fault."man. But know of a18 oiervationsyour arrivalwell inandadvancehave we

them characters. on his11platesIt wasin reformeda tediousEgyptianprocess. underThedivinehistory,direction.of course,So wasfar aspreparedhistorithemleave confirmedhome. You'llbefore saveyou

Using the large plates of Nephi as cal facts and doctrine are concerned, hours of worry and possible theresource were many accurate. sure that are they be material—and may we disappointment. please, And of completedvolumes sethistorical his in Placing them—Mormon Mormon for the of sake servicemen the Nephites history ofthe and Lamanting, that without recognizing wrote he essential other and travelers, left theites time they from Jerusalem devices, rhetorical help of the modern

reservations cancel your of until periodin a A.D., B.C. 385 600 his that judge must knowing and we

if promptly you don't need years.almost thousand a translation, not should style a from we

be too critical of his craftsmanship. them. Thank youl

Tn addition to writing his abridgment of Nephite history and attaching the He gave to us an interesting religious small plates of Nephi to his record, and secular history of a great civilizaHotel

Mormon wrote seven chapters of the tion which flourished upon this contiBook of Mormon and the "Words of nent for a thousand years. Without

be history Mormon, by we would also this of Moroni Book TheMormon."Temple Square the in the 'dark concerning groping letters whichcontains two Mormon

wrote to Moroni, and a synopsis of an aboriginal inhabitants of America. AlSalt Lake City \'K

address he had delivered12 on "Faith, mostChurcha millionof JesuslivingChristmembersof Latterdayof the Charity."Hope, and

It is upon this production that we Saints owe a debt of gratitude to this must base our opinion concerning Morprophet of God for his work. And this CLARENCE L WEST I

mon's ability as a writer and a scholar. record of Mormon will go forward as a Manager

He did not claim perfection for his witness that Jesus Christ is divine, work. In the first place, he records that a potent force in confirming people

he was unable to relate certain facts in righteousness. Such is the influence

because of the imperfection of the reof this man of letters, this record keeplanguage he er. Egyptian whichformed

that his his son, relatesused. 13 Moroni, (To be concluded) 1

"Mormon 9:32 "Mem.

Moroni 7, 8, 9 Ibid.. 8:12 ism Nephi 5:8-26; Mormon 9:32, 33 Ibid.. 8:17 eAr

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded from page 521) facts discovered, but in man's feeble own, personal approaches to him, in changing explanations of them.

devised of truth Religion, system a living, in prayer, theyrighteous may all truth, accepts whatunder God, by lives. that doubt, heknow, beyond The

it that In presented. be ever name may this has enlightenment ofgreater day

declared that only "the fool hath said system there is place for every truth that in his heart, 'There is no God.''Sciman may discover. True religion looks

enalso science as a handmaid, upon to confirmation merely hasence added for truth. It welin the search gaged of the its invasionthis knowledge, by

for true discovery, every comes new in keeping.secrets nature's

religion fits all increase of knowledge the of among man The conduct disstructure. ininto its own Every new

is the forces nature obofnumerable another in the covery end becomesjective of religion. Science stops short, means for living more fully the gospel of yefe*"***

the of theat present, discovery with Christ. Jesus

touched It has of nature.phenomena relinever a There time when was

its use of the properonly upon to as equipped so well gion now was for powder,discovered lightly facts—whether available every for serve humanity,

founsecure to a shall usedexample, be is tool the in of those truth as hands a Steaks are perfect for Vegemeat life. for to destroy or home, adation for there labor good, and human who dinner! or lunch tender, These of while a short number agoYet, a is at other than today any more known juicy steaks tasty a are product ofscientists the that concluded work the earth. question proSo, time of extracts, on wheat, vegetable

it is until considersscience not complete seasonings, pressure and this at writing of cooked the head pounded its of knowlusethe proper hardwon all to flavor. their bring rich out certainty: with be The answered mayedge—for the good of man. That conprogress of science increases the chalVegemeat Steaks give a welclusion was published to the world. lenge of religion—the science which income change to your meals!

Progressive science has steadily concludes all lesser sciences. AT YOUR GROCERS

firmed and is confirming the claims of Those who doubt this are among the see eyes they been people have andreligion, has basic of which one the who not. ENJOY LOMA LINDA not. It ears them; gainsay they hear cannot here. and Theydiscussed They have

but only fortify them. Whenever there are trailing at the end of the world's QUALITY FOODS!

seems to be a conflict, it is not in the procession of thinking people. J.A.W.

SEPTEMBER, 1945 551 cwi Ours hmTVage

Oxford, Idaho Train up a child in the way he should go and walk there

Billings. Dear Editors: yourself once in a while.—Josh

written short story by of was a the Era number the June IN Touched it. I true to the reading so enjoyed It was Lee Lloyd. Rosa

life of young boys, and it is a fine lesson for other boys who It was a soiree musical. A singer had just finished, "My Old

might read it. Kentucky Home."

Respectfully, The hostess, seeing one of her guests weeping in a remote

Esther Davis corner, went to him and inquired in a sympathetic voice: "Are

a Kentuckian?"-- you

the answer came quickly: "No, madam, I am a musician."And

Usseln, Germany Dear Editors: Expensive Flowers

truly appreciate receiving The Improvement Era. Since "How kind of you,"said the girl, "to bring me these lovely

I I've had no contact with any other Mormon fellows over flowers. They are so beautiful and fresh. I believe there is some

here, the knowledge I receive in reading the messages it condew on them yet."

tains is priceless. "Yes,"stammered the young man in embarrassment, "but I'm

Since V-E Day here in Germany our organization has been going to try to pay it off tomorrow."

so I inactive in an future assignment—and

edition which came time tostatus—pendingreally read the conference had Circle All have

carried stirring this time. such to The messages me about

thoughts paste Nosy: "What's your business?"that I decided cut out key and I would thoughts

them in a book to keep for future reference. However, I found Till: "Private attendant."

I ran into quite a bit of trouble. I found it hard to cut out any Nosy: "To what do you attend?"

one part of a message because everything said in the message Jill: "My own business."

had about equal value in my estimation. Then I would look

on the reverse side of the page and usually found another Chicken message of equal interest so hardly knew which page to paste Blonde Waitress: "I have stewed kidneys, boiled tongue,

down. fried liver, and pig's feet."

This little cuttingout incident made me appreciate more Brakie: "Don't tell me your troubles, sister, give me a

fully how true every word is that proceedeth out of the mouths chicken pie."

of these men, and I thank God we have such good men at the -<j>- head of our Church.

Very respectfully, do Therethe jobareyourself.three ways to get work out of a man: coax, scold,

Keith Albrecht -$- A sergeant's definition of morale: "Morale is what makes

your legs do what your head knows ain't possible."

When in doubt what to say, take a chance on getting by $ the truth. with

$ "I think we've got their morale too high,"reported the

The stork is the bird with the biggest bill. sergeant to his CO. "They want to know if it's true that

some day they might have to return to civilian life."

f Teach men as though you taught them not, and advance new A bore is a man who talks about himself when you want to things as things forgot. talk about yourself.

We can thank Mother Nature for devising our hinges so it's There is a chord in every heart that has a sigh in it if touched awkward to pat ourselves on the back. right.

PORTLAND STAKE FIRESIDE CROUP -Photograph, courtesy Alfred A. Monner

The M Men and Cleaner Girls of Colonial Heights Ward have, during the summer months, met for Firesides every Sunday night under the direction of Brother and Sister Ariel L. Crowley. These meetings are an inspiration to those who attend them, and the group is continually growing in numbers.

The picture was taken at the Northwestern States Mission Home when the M Men and Cleaners of the entire stake were invited as guests of the Colonial

Heights group.

552 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 7<* youx E R T H I S WINT

If every housewife in America will wisely use the canning sugar she is allowed, more than 3 billion quarts of this year's fruit crop will be saved for the critical months before another harvest. Will you do your share?

For perfect results in cooking and canning always buy

U and I, the sugar from western farms and factories.

TAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH

Pillars of Strength

Whether in modern palaces of

education or in the university of experience, one of life's hardest lessons

is that of prudent foresight...

of today's sacrifice for tomorrow's

need. Those who master this lesson

carry life insurance—to guard loved

ones against want... to assure

educational advantages for those not

yet ready to make their own way.

rA IN>H*ANeBft&nfiGears* Albert Smth, Prv IIAMY