November 1970 TheImprovement l*A Era u

. M

0J

IP 9F. R pp 1 "1

PP

*..;i-i"* 1"

o *%m

** f A ISqV ju for leaA it... tl\eJuiof

in j6ufowJiome>.

A special program offering selfstudy, noncredit classes has been initiated by BYU Home Study. Now you

can learn, on your own, the things you really want to know without the pressure of assignments, examinations, and grades. Choose a study guide

from over forty courses for only $5. Textbooks

are charged for separately. Mail the enclosed insert card

today... just for the fun of it.

Favorite Courses 121x Introduction to the Book 210x Child Development of Mormon 245x Nutrition of Mother and 433x Teachings of the Living

Child Prophets 371x Family Recreation 203x Speedbuilding in Production 403x Marriage and the Family Typewriting 301x Art History and Appreciation

Brigham Young University Department of Home Study Provo, Utah 84601

V

"v Special Features 2 The Best of an Era, Jay M. Todd 94 Woman's Place in the Forward

3 Exploring the Universe, Franklin March of the Church, Marba C.

S. Harris, Jr. Josephson

4 On Calling and Releasing, Presi98 Pioneer Humor, Judge Daniel Har dent Joseph F. Smith rington

Voice of the Church 5 To Those Who Teach Our Chil101 Who Is Youth? President J. Reu

November 1970 dent George Albert Smith Saints, Evan Stephens 8 Courtship and Marriage, President 108 The Philosophers on Conduct, Dr.

David 0. McKay Milton Bennion

10 The Old and the New Magazines, 110 Moroni the Lonely: The Story of

President Joseph Fielding Smith the Writing of the Title Page to

On the Cover 12 The Improvement Era—The Voice the Book of Mormon, Dr. Sidney

of the Church (18971970), Doyle B. Sperry

Since November 1897, the Era L. Green 115 The Book of Mormon as a Mirror

has been published every 22 Joseph Smith—An Appreciation, of the East, Dr. Hugh Nibley

month—877 issues. During President B. H. Roberts

those 73 years, only four is28 Our Lord the Christ, Elder James Regular Features

E. Talmage carried ever duplicate 113 sues The Church Moves On What 43 Joseph for Did Smith the 126 End Era of an of a favorite covers: painting of Womanhood the Church, Susa 52, 69, 125

J. in President Grant Heber Young Gates Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

This 48 Thanksgiving On Flor- (on Day, his 80th November 1936 birthday) and May 1945 (at ence B. Pinnock Era of Youth Winter Salads, Burl 49 Shephard his death), and a painting of

Marion D. Hanks 50 Does the Church Have a MonopPresident George Albert Smith oly of Truth? Elder John A. and Elaine Cannon, Editors

published on the cover in Widtsoe 128 Ten Years of Era of Youth

April 1950 (his 80th birthday) 54 Brigham Young in Nauvoo, 1841, 129 The Importance of Being Alma, and May 1951 (at his death). Preston Nibley Robert Spencer

Everything, Marion D. Evening, Elder Joseph F. 130 WorthNow, as the Era celebrates 73 58 Home Hanks Merrill

years of continuous publica62 Booker T. Washington's Views of 132 Henry Eyring Speaks to Youth

tion, this month's cover feathe Mormons 134 How to Withstand Social Prestures a representative selection 64 The Citadel Within, Elder Hugh B. sure, Elaine Cannon

of covers from the past. Note Brown 136 Bind on Thy Sandals, Jeff Holland

in With Trust God "Thy Speech Bewrayeth Thee,"138how the cover size, reflecting 70

Is 140 for Christmas Sharing, Richard Albert Jr. L Zobell,

the magazine size, has also 72 Covers from the Past, Ralph Warner varied through the years. (See Reynolds 141 An African Adventure, Rendell N.

page 72 for related feature, 81 Forgetting as a Fine Art: The Mabey

"Covers from the Past") Crown of Individuality, William 142 There Is Beauty All Around, Elaine

George Jordan Cannon 83 The Political Responsibility of Fiction and Poetry

Latterday Saints, Elder Melvin J.

Ballard 30 The Boy and the Web, Nora Ann 86 The Mormon Contribution to ConRichardson temporary Religion, Dr. G. Homer 34 Gentile Gibbs'Boy, Elsie Cham

Durham berlain Carroll 90 The Fruits of Religious Living in 21, 40, 46, 85, 96, 97, 104,

This Life, Dr. Lowell L. Bennion Poetry

Smith, Richard Evans, Doyle Managing L. Green.Editor; JayJr., ManagingAlbert L. Editor;Zobell, Editor; L. Editor; ElliottManuscript G. Payne, Arrington, D.HomerHanks,Durham,Editor;Era ofEleanorYouthHugh

Era JosephKnowles,Nibley,Editor; ElaineAlbertFieldingCopyCannon, Editor; Madsen,AssociateGabbott,Editors; MabelTrumanof JonesYouthL. LeonardReynolds, Landau,Ralph Art Director;Contributing M.ResearchTodd,Editors;Price,Assistant StaffMarionG.Artist. Norman

W.Snarr,Jay CirculationEldredge, GeneralManager;Manager;S. GlennFlorenceSmith, S.AdvertisingJacobsen, Representative.Associate General Manager; Verl F, Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen

Generalpublished bySuperintendent,the Mutual ImprovementYoung Men'sAssociations.Mutual ImprovementAll rightsAssociationreserved. of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1970;

forEnteredin sectionat the 1103,Post Office.Act of OctoberSalt Lake1917,City, authorizedUtah, as secondJuly 2, class1918.matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided

except copy Subscriptionaddress. in pleaseadvance; aa change,year, include35c singleyour specialfrom a issues.recent issueThirtyof da>s'the magazine;notice requiredaddress'forchangeschangecanof Whenpriceunlessordering$4.00the old address, not be made as well as the one, is labelincluded. newaddress

contributions and toaccomcarry advertisements forreaders,delivery ThepaniedImprovementby sufficientof interestErapostagewelcomesto but doingreturn.butso isdoesPaymentnot notresponsibleimply is madeChurchforuponunsolicitedendorsementacceptance.manuscripts. ishis ManuscriptsThe Eraor Advertising:of the advertiser mustpleasedproduct.be

Official organ of the Priesthood Quorums. Mutual Associations, Improvement Committee, Teaching Home Music

School System, Committee, Church and other agencies of The Church of Jesus of Christ Latterday Saints.

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Era, November 1970 1 By Jay M. Todd

Assistant Managing EditorThe Best of an Era

Since 1956 the Era has published for its readers a of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association special November anniversary issue. This year the of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

editorial staff decided to present in this final Era we sincerely hope its merits will fully satisfy the best anniversary issue the best of an era—the best of the and truest expectations awakened by the announceEra. Of course, it was understood that no single issue ment and promise of its advent. Its real merits will

could possibly publish the best of the past 73 years, become known and therefore, we trust, sincerely appreThat couldn't be done even in five years of reprinting—dated. In proportion to its being sought for and careand we probably could attempt only a fair approximafully read by its patrons, the benefits resulting from

tion if we reprinted for a complete decade. I say its publication will bring joy and satisfaction to the

this because, after spending four 13hour days examinhearts and homes of many thousands of earnest, truthing the past 73 volumes (and even then I examined loving, and progressive people. They will, therefore,

primarily only those things staff members had culled hail with pleasure the advent of the Era as an organ for our perusal), I am almost overwhelmed by the devoted to the uplifting of the youth of Zion, and greatness, the goodness, the relevance, the soundness, therefore an aid to themselves in their efforts to eduthe consistent inspiration that have blessed the Church cate and rear their children to walk in righteous and these past 73 years through the Improvement Era. honorable paths.

Only a brief and highly selective sampling of our "The mission of the Era, however, is not to be con73,000 pages can be presented in this issue. To give a fined to the limits of those only who are enlightened

flavor of the past, "Exploring the Universe"is immeby a knowledge of the truth and who already possess diately to the right—reminding many readers that for the love of God in their hearts. It is also intended to

many years this popular column was the first editorial reach the thoughtless and wayward, those who are feature in the magazine. prone to evil, and all, wheresoever they are found,

Next we reprint an Editor's Page from each Presiwho possibly may or can be reached and convinced dent of the Church who served as editor of the Era, by the potency of its reasoning, the clearness of its with a new and important comment by President facts, and the witness of its spirit, together with the

Joseph Fielding Smith. Father's blessing, and thereby be brought out of darkFollowing these comes a personal glimpse by Doyle ness and the shadows of the valley of death into the

L. Green into what it has been like to be managing marvelous light and liberty of divine truth,

editor for over 22 years. Thereafter, except for "The "It is hoped, too, that the Era will also find its way

Church Moves On,"nearly everything in the magazine into the various missionary fields abroad, as well as is from the past: articles, poetry (using a poetry page at home, and be an aid to the elders of the Church in

as was often done years ago), fiction, the Spoken their advocacy and defense of the principles of the

Word, the color section on covers, and representative gospel, articles from the Era of Youth from its short but "We aim not at contention, but to defend the cause meteoric decade since its birth in July 1960. of truth. We respectfully ask to be heard, and

Reprinting from the past would not be complete, intend, so far as we can, to occupy a position worthy however, without calling to mind the magazine's purof the respect and confidence of all who love God poses stated in that first editorial in November 1897. and his righteous cause. With such purposes in view

Readers may judge for themselves how well the we confidently look for the favor and approval of all magazine has accomplished its purposes: right thinking and truthloving people, and especially

for the cooperation of the young men of Zion, in whose "With this initial number the Improvement Era starts interest and cause we launch our barque upon the hopefully out upon its mission. As the accepted organ broad sea of mutual improvement."O

I MIOI 1M. THE UNIVERSE

Dr. Franklin S.

Harris, physicist and educator

Exploring Patents have been given for such unthe Universe usualnumberingdevicesgadgetas toan beautomaticworn by eggthe hen, a traveling grandstand for racetracks that follows the horses around

November J 935 the course, and a bicycle seat that

December 1966 pumps up and down at each bump in the road, furnishing compressed air

By Dr. Franklin to run the bicycle. (December 1940)

S. Harris, Jr.

Penicillin, a new drug produced in soil An automobile passenger safety belt

A new type radio tube without a filamold, is about one hundred times as has been patented by a Brazilian. The

ment and having potentialities in televieffective as sulfanilamide for combating belt is placed around passengers in the sion and lightweight radio transmitters infection, and far less toxic. It has not car and prevents their being thrown out

for aircraft was shown recently for the yet been possible, however, to produce in the event of a collision. The belt

first time publicly by Philo T. Farnsit in large enough quantities for general moves out of the way when not in use.

worth, a former Utah boy, now an use. (September 1943) (February 1942)

engineer of Philadelphia. (June 1936)

Putting a 2 percent solution of sodium Man does not rate very well with

That color photography is within the fluoride on the teeth of school children mosquitoes, which prefer horses and grasp of the amateur photographer is reduced by 40 percent the decay durcattle about six times as well and pigs the belief of Frederick Eugene Ives, ining the following year in some recent three times as well, Federal entomoloventor who made the halftone and color tests. (February 1944) gists report. Man is just a little ahead

reproduction available to newspapers of chickens and cats as a preferred and magazines. (June 1936) A powerful new insecticide, called source of the blood meal which most

"dithane"[DDT] as short for a long of the biting mosquitoes require beTelevision is closer to the public as a chemical name, and nonpoisonous to fore they can begin depositing eggs.

result of a four months'test of broadhuman beings, has been discovered (November 1940) casting from the Empire State Building, and tested by a group of Rohm and

New York City, at a cost of a million Haas scientists. (December 1944) The splitting apart of a fourline highdollars. Images are now in white and way in New Jersey, to make two

black on a screen seven and a half by From coal, air, and water, a new synroadways separated by a dividing center ten inches, and though satisfactory thetic fiber material called "nylon"has strip, resulted in a reduction of fatal means of sending and receiving the been developed which promises to be accidents of over 83 percent. (May

images have been developed, sets for important industrially and commer1940) the general public have not yet been cially. (February 1939)

designed. (February 1937) Recently a leg was successfully transHow large a rocket ship would be planted from one rat to another. This

Weather reports by telephone can be necesary for a man to travel to the is the first time this has been accomobtained in New York City. The latest moon and return, by the firing of plished with higher animals without loss

weather prediction can be heard from rockets? A recent calculation estimates of the use of the muscles. (March

a voice recorded on magnetic tape. that under the most favorable circum1937)

(August 1941) stances the spaceship would have to be about as massive as Mount Everest. Fluorescent lamps are now developed

For cold nights a new lightweight blan- (April 1942) to a stage where they may greatly ket can give just the right warmth. influence home and commercial lightIt is heated electrically through speUltimately we may expect to have tires ing. In some cases there is as much

cially insulated wires at low voltage, which will run one hundred thousand as 120 times the illumination, for the and any constant temperature desired miles, be practically blowout proof, current consumed, as filament lamps is thermostatically maintained. (Decemand have greater nonskid properties. of the same color, with only a fraction

ber 1937) (November 1945) of the heat. (July 1939)

Era, November 1970 3 President Joseph F.

Smith, sixth President of the Church, 19011918 count too great any necessary sacrifice when rendered for its benefit. Every good Latterday Saint is willing On Calling to do his share toward its advancement. Hundreds of

missionaries are called each year; they go out into theand Releasing world for two, three, or more years, occupy positions

By President Joseph F. Smith in their various fields of labor, and when their work

is completed, their places are filled by new men, and they return home to take up other work and duties.

They do not feel that their release, when they have done faithful work, is at all unwelcome or undesirable.

At home, brethren are called to labor for the Church, in the bishoprics, as presidents of stakes, and in other offices; and in like manner when their work is completed, or the interest of the Church demands it, these

may be released and others appointed to their places.

It is no more a disgrace for any man who has honorably finished his work in any of these or other callings to be superseded than it is to be released from foreign missions. When men grow old and become physically

incapacitated for the arduous labors that are required of certain officers in the Church, younger men with the vigor of strong manhood should be selected to take

All Latterday Saints certainly recognize that the to stand the strain of the work. It is certainly no

Church is greater than any man, and must be condisgrace, dishonor, or a letting down, for those who sidered in all cases in preference to individuals. Men have occupied the positions heretofore to be thus

pass away, but the Church, the cause of God, remains released.

permanently. Loyalty to the Church is one of the.Our brethren are called to positions by the presiding

characteristics of the Latterday Saints. They do not authorities inspired by the Spirit. Men do not ask or

seek for place or position. Neither should there be any blocking the progress of the Church. In these matters,

such thing as resigning a call in the priesthood. All those who are placed in authority will and must have

hold themselves in readiness to be called or released, proper consideration and regard for men and for the as the case may be, as seemeth good to the best interwelfare of the Church, whose interests are paramount.

ests of the Church, by the brethren whose duty it is This matter is of considerable importance. Some

to look after these matters. Church positions are not people seem to believe that if an office is once obresigned as are business places or political offices; tained in the Church, it must be held for life, and that

resignations are not recognized in the Church, and if the incumbent is released, it is an indignity, and therefore no man who has received a call to the lessens his value and reputation. This is entirely an

priesthood is expected to resign; but, on the other erroneous idea. And officers should learn that those

hand, he should and does, if in possession of the right who ordain and appoint have the right to remove or spirit, always feel that he is willing and ready to be release, and in so doing, no indignity, disgrace, nor honorably released if the best interests of the Church dishonor attaches to the action. All men in the Church

demand it. He should feel that his office and calling holding positions should rather feel that if the work

are in the hands of the authorities, and make such can be done better than it is being done by them, and feelings known to his brethren. In case he desires to the presiding brethren so consider, they are always

quit for personal reasons, or because he thinks the best willing to be released. The right and wisdom of the

interests of the office would be subserved by his quitpresiding authorities both in calling and releasing ting, he should submit his desires to the authorities and should be recognized. It is, as stated, no more a dislet those who placed the responsibility upon him know grace, a dishonor, or a letting down to be thus honthereof, so that they may release him from that reorably liberated from any office in the Church, than

sponsibility, in case their wisdom and the inspiration it is to be relieved from the presidency of a mission, or of the Lord should so direct. To do otherwise would from acting as a missionary in the world, or from a

be nothing less than unwisely, or perhaps wilfully, bishopric, or any position among the people. O

)Jhe EDITORS PflBE'JjoJ/wajl (OfwJ&acL OwLChilcUwv To ThoseWho Teach Our Children By President Heber J. Grant

President Heber J.

Grant, seventh President of the Church, 19181945

There is no labor in which any of us can be engaged any other time. It is like writing, figuratively speakthat is more acceptable in the sight of our Heavenly ing, upon a white piece of paper with nothing on it

Father than laboring for the children in the Church to obscure or confuse what you may write.

of Jesus Christ. There is no question but that impresThere are many who have made a wonderful record

sions made upon the minds of little innocent children in the battle of life even after they have done things and young boys and girls have a more lasting effect in their youth that were not pleasing in the sight of upon their future lives than impressions made at our Heavenly Father or for their own good; but it is

Era, November 1970 5 far better if it is possible for us to start the children We may think that the impressions we make may out in the battle of life with nothing recorded on the not be lasting, but I can assure you they are. I am

pages of their years except good deeds and faithpro- stire that a testimony borne by a teacher to little moting thoughts. There is a saying that "as the twig children, under the inspiration of the living God, is a

is bent the tree is inclined."You who teach our childifficult thing for them to forget,

dren are engaged in the labor of bending the twig. I shall be grateful always to Eliza R. Snow, second

We find recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants only to my mother, for the many wonderful things that that if we as parents do not teach our children faith in she told me as a little boy when I used to run errands, the Lord Jesus Christ—teach them to pray and to walk or come up to the Lion House to deliver a message to

uprightly before the Lord—before they are eight years "Aunt Eliza,"as I always called her from my earliest

of age, the sin shall be upon the heads of the parents, recollection. She was sure to ask me to sit down a

The teachers of our children are assisting parents in few minutes and then she would talk to me. She told

shaping the lives of their children. Great is their reme scores and scores of faithpromoting incidents in

sponsibility, also, and their accountability, for all that her life in Nauvoo when she was there as a girl with they teach. my mother, and incidents in the life of the Prophet

It is of very great importance from the time children Joseph Smith, that have been of value to me. She

come to us in the Sunday Schools, in the Primary Assoinspired me with a determination to live a life that ciation, in the Mutual Improvement Associations, and would be worthy of my mother and my father, in the Church seminaries that impressions for good I remember vividly also the wonderful teachings to shall be made upon their minds. The feeling of gratime of the late Erastus Snow. Although he lived three

tude and thanksgiving that I have in my heart to the hundred and fifty miles from Salt Lake City, seldom if teachers that I had as a child in the 13th Ward ever did he come to a conference in April or October,

Sunday School will last, I am sure, through time and or come here on some special mission, that he did not all eternity. visit my mothers home and inquire how we were

There is no dividend that any human being can draw getting along, inquire of me whether I was attending from bonds or stocks, or anything in the wealth of to my duties, what I was doing, and the kind of comthe world, that compares with the knowledge in one's pany I was keeping. I shall never, while I live, and

heart that he or she has been an instrument in the when I go beyond the grave, get over being grateful hands of God of shaping some life for good; and I can for the wonderful testimonies and the wonderful

promise the righteous teachers of our youth that as fatherly advice of that man to me.

the years come and go they will gather dividends of Each and every one of our teachers has the opporthanks and gratitude from the children whose lives tunity and the power, under the inspiration of the they have been the instruments, in the hands of God, Spirit of God, to make an impression upon the hearts of shaping for good. and souls of little innocent children and young boys

I know that many times I have poured out the gratiand girls who are starting out in the battle of life. I

tude of my heart to Hamilton G. Park, who was the pray with all the fervor of my soul that God will help

teacher of my Sunday School class in my boyhood and you in your labors, and I can promise you that he will young manhood days. I shall never get over thanking help you. The important thing for you is to have a

this man for the wonderful impression for good that love of your work and to. do your work under the

he made upon me and for the remarkable testimonies inspiration of the Spirit of the living God. That is

he bore in our classes, telling his experiences as a misthe whole difference between the Church of Jesus sionary, and the blessings and power of God that Christ and the people of the world. They have the

attended him while proclaiming the gospel on two letter of the gospel; they are teaching the Bible just

missions to his native country, Scotland. as diligently and many of them believe in it as strongly

I look forward with the keenest pleasure to meeting and try to live up to its precepts just as well as we in the hereafter Hamilton G. Park, George Goddard, do; but the Spirit of the living God they do not have.

Bishop Nelson Empey. Bishop Edwin D. Woolley, Why? Because they haven't the power of the priestBishop Millen Atwood, and others who made an imhood, and because they have not accepted the gospel

pression for good upon my mind and heart as a boy. as we have.

I could mention scores of others to whom I am inMay God bless every teacher that he may grow in debted. I shall be grateful throughout all the ages of the light and knowledge of the gospel and in the power

eternity to those men for the impression that they and spirit of it, and have the capacity and ability to made upon me. communicate it to those whom he teaches. O

President George

Albert Smith, eighth President of the Church, 19451951

"Give the Lord orgoingwherewithwemewouldto selectblocka thecorner?"traffic. Would you mind

Just think of a missionary asking the chief constable to pick a corner on which to preach the gospel! a Chance"The constable said:

"Surely, I will go with you."

"GIVE THE LORD In fifteen minutes they had one of the best corners

A CHANCE"in town, with permission to preach the gospel of Jesus

Christ where it had not been preached on the streets since before the war. (This was following World

War!) I remember another incident of this nature. Brother

John A. Widtsoe had a remarkable experience that

you probably have read about, which has been pubVolume 49, July 1946 lished in years gone by, when he was in Scandinavia and found a whole collection of genealogical records in a little store on a side street, which he felt prompted to visit without knowing why. The proprietors did not

have any use for them, and he bought them very

Da*,-t p. reasonably. They were Scandinavian genealogies that

were priceless, but if he had not been praying about

By President George Albert Smith it, and if he had not been looking for them, and if he had not obeyed the promptings of the Spirit, he would

I remember one day I was impressed to say to a not have found them. And these particular records

missionary who was going to a certain town where could not have been duplicated nor otherwise obtained they would not let us hold street meetings in any manner known to us.

"Now remember, give the Lord a chance. You are The Lord has a way of accomplishing things that

going to ask a favor. Give the Lord a chance. Ask we are unable to do, and he never asks us to do anyhim to open the way."thing that he does not make the way possible. That

The young man went to that city, went into the is what he told us through Nephi. He will not require

office of the mayor, and asked if he could see him. He anything without preparing the way.

was going to ask if they might change the rule. "And it came to pass that I, Nephi, said unto my

When he got there, he found that the mayor was out father: I will go and do the things which the Lord

of town. The young man came out of the office, hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no

looked down the hall, and saw on a door at the end commandments unto the children of men, save he of the hall, "Chief Constable's Office."He hesitated shall prepare a way for them that they may accom-

a moment, and something said to him: "Give the Lord plish the thing which he commandeth them."(1 Ne.

a chance."He walked into the chief constable's office 3:7.)

and told him what he had come for. When he finished If you have something that the Lord asks or expects

the man said: you to do and you don't know just how to proceed, do

"Well, what street corner would you like?"your best. Move in the direction that you ought to

He said: "I don't know this city as well as you do. go; trust the Lord, give him a chance, and he will

I would not ask for a corner that would be undesirable, never fail you. O

Era, November 1970 7 President David O.

McKay, ninth President of the Church, 19511970 Volume 72, February 1969

> r;v Courtship and Marriage

Courtship and Marriage

By President David O. McKay Mb

In courtship and marriage we can modify and conyou, who would tell you a lie. The real guiding princitrol to a very great extent our environment. How imple, however, is the divinest attribute of the soul—love.

portant it is, then, that the companion of each be Young men and women have just entered into that chosen wisely and prayerfully. The choosing of a state of life when they are driven by heavenbestowed

companion determines our future happiness or unpassions—I say Godgiven passions. There are young

happiness. It is a part of wisdom, therefore, to assopersons who, recognizing this fact, say: "Having them,

ciate only with those from whose company you select why cannot we gratify them?"And they receive justifi-

a life's partner with whom you will be congenial. If cation sometimes from modern psychologists. But do

in such companionship you recognize negative charnot be misled. I repeat, you are at that period of life

acteristics in the person who attracts you, try to let in which your physical nature manifests itself, but your judgment rule your heart. Don't fool yourselves you must also remember that God has given you, in

by thinking that by marriage a person will overcome that same period of life, powers of reasoning; he has

evil habits or negative traits of character. Let these given you judgment, and these for a divine purpose.

be proved before marriage. Let reason and judgment be your guide—your balance.

What are the positive characteristics for which we Did you ever stand by the side of a power engineshould seek? Among the dominant characteristics a true throbbing, throbbing, throwing out its power and

lover should possess are honesty, loyalty, chastity, and disseminating heat? On those stationary engines, you

reverence. Never marry anyone who would deceive will find balances. If it were not for them, the whole

building might be blown up. But as the heat intensidon me, if you please, contributes to the perpetuation

fies, those balances are thrown farther out and out, of that love which brought you to the altar.

so that the whole thing is under control. So you have Keep in mind three great ideals that contribute to

your reason, your judgment as balances to your pashappiness after the marriage ceremony.

sion. Try not to lose these balances, or there may First, loyalty. You have no right, young man, to

be an explosion that will wreck your life. yield to the attention of any young woman other than

To look upon marriage as a mere contract that may that sweet wife, and you, husband, have no right even be entered into at pleasure in response to a romantic to attract the attention of another man's wife. Her

whim, or for selfish purposes, and severed at the first duty is with her husband, building a home. Loyalty

difficulty or misunderstanding that may arise, is an to the great covenant made at that altar!

evil meriting severe condemnation, especially in cases Second, selfcontrol. Little things annoy, and you

wherein children are made to suffer because of speak quickly, sharply, loudly, and wound the other's separation. heart. I know of no virtue that helps to contribute

The seeds of a happy married life are sown in to the happiness and peace of a home more than the youth. Happiness does not begin at the altar; it begreat quality of selfcontrol in speech. Refrain from

gins during the period of youth and courtship. Selfsaying the sharp word that comes to your mind at

mastery during youth and the compliance with the once if you are wounded or if you see something in single standard of morality is first, the source of virile the other that offends you. In a few minutes you will

manhood; second, the crown of beautiful womanhood; be glad that you did not say the harsh word, that you

third, the foundation of a happy home; and fourth, did not commit the impulsive act, and the result is

the contributing factor to the strength and perpetuity love and peace in the home.

of the race! The third ideal is that little simple virtue of cour-

I sincerely believe that too many couples come to tesy—parents courteous to their children and children

the marriage altar looking upon the ceremony as the courteous to father and mother, and there is an element end of courtship. of refinement in the home. Loyalty, selfcontrol,

Let all the members of the Church look upon that courtesy.

ceremony as the beginning of an eternal courtship. Fifteen years, thirty years, fifty years, and throughLet us not forget that during the burdens of home out eternity—be just as courteous to each other as you

life tender words of appreciation and courteous acts were when you courted. It makes a happy home. I

are even more appreciated than during those sweet know of no other place where happiness abides more days and months of courtship. surely than in the home. It is possible to make home

It is after the ceremony and during the trials that a bit of heaven. Indeed, I picture heaven as a condaily arise in the home that a word of thank you, partinuation of the ideal home. O

The Pasture Ghost By Joseph Longking Townsend

Late one eve within the pasture, December 1921 Startled by the apparition,

In the halfmoon's fainted glow, Every hair upon my head

To the milking place I ventured Bristled in affright, as o'er me

Boylike, half afraid to go. Shivers ran of fear and dread.

I had dillydallied, hunting, Then I whistled up my courage,

Past the usual milking time, Grabbed a limb, and with a blow

Till from way off in the clearing Whacked that ghost, to find it nothing

Came the cowbell's tinkling chime. But a big white stub aglow.

Through the stumps and brush there flickered Oft since then by things I'm startled,

Many a startled bird and bat, Oft the creepy chills of fear

Then appeared there right before me, Worry till my judgment falters

Sure, a ghost in shroud and hat! Viewing things as they appear.

And an arm at me a pointing, But that ghost in our old pasture

Plain as anything could be, Shows me what I fear the most,

In the halfmoon's light a swaying When assailed with proper courage,

Plainly as my eyes could see. Vanishes as did the ghost.

Era, November 1970 9 The Old and the New Magazines

This issue of the Improvement Era marks the completion of the seventythird year since the Era began publication in November 1897. It also marks the

second to last issue of the Improvement Era, as we have come to know it throughout the Church.

The other fine magazines of the Church—the Children's Friend, Instructor, and Relief Society Magazine

—will also cease publication with their December

issues. Impact, a quarterly publication of the seminaries and institutes of religion, and the Millennial

Star, which has served the Church since 1840 in Great

Britain, are also being discontinued.

Recognizing a need to strengthen the family, the basic unit of the Church, the brethren have directed that three new publications—the Ensign of The Church

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints for adults, the

New Era for youth and young adults, and the Friend

The forWechildren—areurge you nowto beginto arrangepublicationto havein January.these magaEditor's Fcige zines in your homes. In the months ahead read, study,

and make a part of your life the great truths that will be found on their pages. Study also the family

By President home evening manual, the priesthood and auxiliary manuals, and the scriptures as recorded in the standard

Joseph Fielding Smith works of the Church. Truly, in these days we have

been given inspired guides to eternal life and salvation.

Many of us have considered the Era to be a lifelong friend. What memories its pages have given us over

the years! What counsel and joy it has brought to

members of the Church throughout the world for the past 73 years!

My father, Joseph F. Smith, the sixth President of sonally acquainted with John Taylor, Wilford Woodthe Church, served as editor of both the Improvement ruff, and Lorenzo Snow.

Era and the Juvenile Instructor. This month of thanksWhen the apostleship came to me, Heber J. Grant,

giving was not only the month of his birth in 1838, but George Albert Smith, and David O. McKay, all of

also his death in 1918. In this month of memories J whom i also served as editors of the Era, were already

pay tribute to him. members of the Council of the Twelve. I knew them

My father was the most tenderhearted man I ever all to be men chosen of God, fearless in their dedicaknew. His sympathy was perpetually drawn out tion to the upbuilding of the Church and kingdom

toward the downtrodden and oppressed. Especially here upon the earth.

was his love extended toward little children. He loved Individual, personal testimony is and always will be

them all and could not bear to see them wrongfully the strength of The Church of Jesus Christ of Lattertreated. day Saints. A testimony is best nurtured in the 'family

He was a preacher of righteousness, and the sincerity setting. Once nurtured, that testimony will be

of his words penetrated the souls of men. He spoke as strengthened in the meetings of the Church, through

one having authority and with a firmness, conviction, study of the words of the prophets recorded in ancient and confidence begotten of a knowledge of the truth. and modern writings, and through doing the work of

There was no element of doubt or uncertainty in his the Church. The new magazines will be great aids to

testimony. Especially was this so when he spoke of families in helping each member gain a testimony, for

the divinity of our Savior and the mission of the the gaining and the keeping of testimonies should be

Prophet Joseph Smith. a family project. Do not neglect anything that will

Among my fondest memories are the hours I spent help to strengthen the testimony of any member of by his side discussing principles of the gospel and your family.

receiving instruction as only he could give it. In this I know that Jesus the Christ, our Elder Brother, is

way the foundation for my own knowledge was laid the head of this Church as it now functions upon the in truth, so that I, too, can say I know that my Reearth, and that he directs its activities and will bless deemer lives and that Joseph Smith was a prophet of us according to our faithfulness in following the adthe living God. vice and counsel given to us by his chosen servants

As a child I gained a testimony of Joseph Smith and upon the earth.

Brigham Young in their prophetic callings. President May each of us support the Brethren and those

Young, with whom my father was closely associated, who will be responsible for publishing the new magadied when I was a year old. In my youth I was perzines. O

Era, November 1970 11 MPROVEMENT ERA.

FHE FAST Of If

The Improvement Era - The Voice ol the Church (18971970) By Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor

I am sitting at a large conference table in the ImThe bishop said: "See this copy of the Improvement

provement Era offices. It is night. Members of the Era? I wouldn't sell it for a thousand dollars."Tears

staff have long since set aside the manuscripts they came to his eyes as he explained the reason for his have been editing, the proofs they have been reading, astonishing statement.

the layouts and art they have been developing, and One of his sons, who was attending a university, have gone home. had come under the influence of a professor who

But my task for the day has not yet been completed. seemed to take a great deal of delight in destroying

My assignment is to write about the Improvement the faith of young Latterday Saints. The boy's mind

Era, its history, its staff, its contributions, its accombecame troubled and full of doubts. He stopped

plishments—and its termination, for the next issue, attending priesthood and sacrament meetings; he

December, will be the last. seldom went to Sunday School. The bishop and his

On the table surrounding me are 73 volumes of good wife were beside themselves with anxiety. They

the Era bound in black and stamped in gold. On many tried every way they knew but were not able to reach

of them are engraved the words, "The glory of God their son. When this particular issue of the Era

is intelligence."arrived, the bishop found in it an article that he felt

I turn through the volumes as I have done so many strongly would help his son if he could get him to times before, almost reverently. Memories flood in read it; so, being a very wise father, he opened the

upon me. magazine to the article and left it on the table where

My earliest memory of the Era, though recalled from the young man studied. A night or two later the boy,

the distant past, is as vivid as though it were yesterday. tired of his lessons and attracted to the article by its

My childhood and early youth were spent in a little title and layout, pushed aside his books 'and read it.

town in the southern part of Salt Lake County. Most It did what the bishop and his wife and others had

of the talks given in sacrament meeting in our little not been able to do: it changed the course of his life.

chapel I have long since forgotten, but one talk given His questions were answered; he resumed his church

by the bishop of our ward impressed me deeply. activity, never again was bothered by any great doubts,

Standing before the congregation, he held up a copy and became a stalwart in the Church.

of the Improvement Era. Concluding his story, the bishop said: "Now I am

I pick up a volume from about that year. The format not, of course, attempting to place a dollars and cents

of the magazine was much different then; the page value on the soul of my son, but if I could, that's

size was 5%"by 8". There were few illustrations. The what this issue of the Improvement Era would be

cover was plain. worth to me."

PRESIDENT GRANT'S tIGHTY FIRST "ERA"ARTICLE

P Wrm PH

flttortPagc

From that time on, the Improvement Era had a spethe Spirit of the Lord and who have the courage and cial meaning for me. I recall that as a missionary in the foresight to begin. And such men were available.

the South Seas I read it avidly. On the low coral From somewhere I recall the saying, "Bring me men

islands of the Tuamotu Archipelago, where often we to match my mountains, bring me men to match my might not see a boat for many weeks, the arrival of our plains, men with empires in their bosoms and new eras infrequent mail was a muchanticipated event, and in their brains."(Sam Walter Foss.) This statement

our Eras, though often several months old, were read sounds as if it could have been written for this great and reread. They were in a sense our link with Church event, the beginning of the Improvement Era.

headquarters and the General Authorities. I also recall In addition to President Woodruff, President Joseph

that there were some bound volumes of early issues of F. Smith of the First Presidency, Elder Heber J. Grant

the magazine in the library in the mission home. These of the Council of the Twelve, and President Brigham

I read, and I developed a profound respect and H. Roberts of the First Council of the Seventy were

admiration for the early editors and writers. among those who got the new project underway. They,

As I pick up the first volume of the Era, which with fellow executives of the MIA, were concerned begins with the November 1897 issue, I try to picture that a line of communication no longer existed between in my mind and understand the times and circumleadership in Salt Lake City and the young men stances during which this great venture was started. throughout the Church. ( The Contributor, a magazine

The year 1897 was the pioneer golden jubilee year, for the young men of the Church, had, after 17 years for the Saints had arrived in the valley of the Great of publication, been discontinued with the October

Salt Lake just 50 years earlier. The Prophet Joseph 1896 issue.

Smith had been dead 53 years. President Wilford After many months of planning, the infant magaWoodruff was the prophet, seer, and revelator of the zine called the Improvement Era was begun "as an

growing Church, which would, within three years, organ devoted to the uplifting of the youth of Zion, have 40 stakes and a membership of 236,316. The and therefore as an aid to help themselves [parents]

Church as well as the country was in a rather severe in their efforts to educate and rear their children to financial condition, having not yet recovered from walk in righteousness and honorable paths....

the financial panic of 1893. "It is also intended to reach the thoughtless and

It certainly seems that by mere human understandwayward, those who are prone to evil, and all wheresoing it was an inopportune time to begin a new publiever they are found who possibly can be reached and cation. But any time is the right time to light a beacon convinced by the potency of its reasoning, the clearof righteousness if you have men who are directed by ness of its facts, and the witness of its spirit together

Era, November 1970 13.

with the Father's blessing and thereby be brought out of the darkness and the shadows of the valley of death into the marvelous light and liberty of divine truth."

President Smith and President Roberts were the editors and Elder Grant the business manager. The

new venture had no capital stock except as an unsigned -/w editorial in the first issue stated: "... their confidence "THEZBKIAH S TUNNE I in the loyalty and unselfish devotion of the young men

of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints to the cause of mutual improvement."

Getting circulation was a major problem. Representatives of the proposed magazine traveled about

in the intermountain area, sometimes by horseback or wagon, seeking support for the new publication.

In addition, Elder Grant pressed his family into service.

He had a number of lovely daughters. Each night

after dinner was over and the dishes had been taken

Mil JrJtijMMMt *1 [ThMBim M from the tables and washed, typewriters were brought out and the daughters improved their typing skills by writing letters for their father, who pleaded with the young men throughout the Church to support this new venture. Elder Grant, who became the seventh President of the Church, signed the letters but disliked

the idea of blotting his signature, so by bedtime hundreds of letters were often on the floor and the beds, waiting for the ink to dry.

From the January 1898 issue, page 205, I read an item that is most interesting:

"That the success of the Era in starting with so large a circulation is phenomenal, will appear from the following circumstance:

"When the Era management made application at the post office in Salt Lake City for the admission of the magazine to the mails as second class matter... the

ORIENT...PROLOGUE statement was made that the circulation was 2,000 at

that time, Nov. 1st. A few weeks later the postmaster

requested the assistant business manager to call upon him in relation to a letter he had received from the third assistant postmaster general at Washington. Upon

calling on the postmaster he was informed that the third assistant desired to have the statement in regard to the subscription list of the Era verified. The post-

m lint's Caltndar master at Salt Lake stated that they could not under11* %nisg d the ilrilbh E\tfi stand at Washington how a magazine could start out in this country with a subscription list of 2,000, as usually magazines commenced with a subscription of a few hundred only."

Reading further in the editorial statement, I learn:

4,<&:lfifflttjaj:ik-'ill: -. "Had it been known by the post office officials in

. '/ Washington that the Era had started without one

dollar of capital; that not one dollar of indebtedness

had been incurred in launching this enterprise, their astonishment would no doubt have been increased (Continued on page 19)

.

a \* I

'f.. 5 \ BmmmBtm

STORIES fry General - 1 is Authorities

J ays ffir "t.; x*WsivmMWSf

: I

onfriedtv LBONRMtfff?**. V f",., tak*1*-

v. /JF"** * -. *

Seek Ye GYouthC&the pirltual neEarnestly., t cHat&klcBfLee

Roots f Human {4JLuich delations H B '.'

, kS-

"1 ''"*: 'l 'H P\

v

1 sH k\v* aseph Fielding Smith,*L, $,. I

IpK 'fk v

"IP s2l -.

1. SPIRITUAL ROOTS OF HUMAN RELATIONS 12. THE CHURCH ENCOUNTERS ASIA 23. PROPHECIES AND PROPHETIC PROMISES

Stephen R. Covey $4.95 Dr. Spencer J. Palmer $4.95 from the Doctrine and Covenants

A book fully in tune with the times that can help youth The fascinating story of the spiritual growth of the Roy W. Doxey $4.95

learn how inner strength is developed gradually. The peoples of Asia along with the growth of the Church, Through "prophecy,"this book demonstrates that the

author says that the roots of many of today's problems in beginning with the first encounter by the first Doctrine and Covenants is the work of the Lord.

the home and the world are both spiritual and moral. missionaries in Hong Kong in 1852. There are 105 prophecies and prophetic promises that

up the subjects discussed. 50 make shows how they can help solve and themHe names

13. THE MEANING OF TRUTH

in relations.problems human

TO GET Alvin WHAT YOU WANT $2.95 R. Dyer HOW $4.95 24.

2. REMEMBERING THE McKAYS This book can help the reader gain a firm underCompiled by Jon W. Taylor—Illustrations - Stan Macbean

John J Stewart $2.95 standing of truth in its eternal context. In three This book can be read in about one hour, even by a slow

A book full of good examples of the things that make a sections titled "The Day of the Gentiles, The Meaning reader. Wisdom from the Lord to man on 14 of

harmonious marriage. A reading experience you won't of Truth, The Kingdom of Evil,"Elder Dyer reveals the man's mosF sought after and often most elusive traits.

soon forget as you read of their sense of humor, sense foreordained plan of God and shows how Satan is of values, kindness and courtesy to each other. now trying to thwart that plan. 25. HIDDEN WEDGES

3. SEEK YE EARNESTLY.. 14. A MORE EXCELLENT WAY Spencer W. Kimball $1.25

are to procrastinate like the and would prone If you A. Neal $3.25 Maxwell FieldingJoseph Smith $5.95

this little then the habit, motivation to book overcome the newly Written Church by Commissioner appointed In President Smith's 24th a broad specbook he covers life. a influence powerful in your could be

this of Saints Latterday provides Education, book roletrum from in bringing a us to mortality, to Adam's lively essay on the fallacy of Bible criticism and the with a thoughtful, yet practical guide to development 26. FOR THE POWER IS IN THEM $2.95

accuracy of the Bible. of leadership qualities. Excellent for auxiliary leaders. Neal A. Maxwell

of the latest Commissioner by The new LDS Church book4. STORIES BY OUTSTANDING GENERAL DRINKS, 15. DRUGS, MORALS AND

of idealists rising generation treats the Education, AUTHORITIES E. Cloth.35 Mark Petersen Paper $1.95 $ -

spiritual insight a to illusions into a without power new

HartshornCompiled by $4.95 Leon histories, results the of scientific studies, case Using believes real they a which is within that he them, power

it it like likes tells Elder testimonies personal and the these PetersenEverybody story and a good are some of overlook. not should

best. True stories taken from incidents in life. You'll is. He presents a positive approach for youth to follow

find enjoyable can relate concerning because marijuana drugs (including you them and to them as cigarettes) 27. IN GERMANY MORMONISM

well drinks speaking a without preaching sermon. assignments. and morals, as retell them in your own

Gilbert W. Scharffs $5.50

5. THE YOUTH CHURCH AND of story detailed the long awaited, is the Here LDS EDITIONS LEATHERBOUND SADDLE BROWN NEW

in early struggle and Church's success consequent B. Harold Lee $4.95 often of of others the works and quoted the most standard

that the a nonEnglish largest converting people became reallife a wiseWritten by teacher examples uses from in highly who durable Bound by members. books LDS Church

of swell ranks to Church. the the speaking body history, daily incidents, scriptures the illuminate to and bindings attractive these are the most these cowhide,

the fundamental principles behind a successful life. famous books have yet been published in. 28. OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS

bindingsAll have paperback same size as five volumes6. INSPIRATIONAL TRUTHS 16. and JESUS COMBINATION: THE CHRIST

Relief Society's -for editions use in the hardbound H.Christine Robinson $3.95 FAITH OF THE ARTICLES

lessons. cultural refinement

is Reg. E.This Size $13.50 Talmage from the author's material book James an outgrowth

developed for the Relief Society lessons on the Doctrine Pocket $ 9.75 Vol. 1 $2.75

and Covenants over the past several years. Significant For the first time these two most outstanding books are Vol.2 $2.25

teachings from the book are presented here along with a available in one common binding or in separate brown Vol. 3 $2.25 Cloth $2.95

real story from life which illustrates that particular scripleather bindings. Vol.4 $2.25

tural teaching. A valuable tool for teachers and speakers. Vol.5 $2.25 Cloth $3.25

17. ARTICLES OF FAITH - Brown Leather

7. MORMON ESSAYS James E. Talmage $9.75 LONG PLAY STEREO ALBUMS

D. James Cannon $3.95 18. JESUS THE CHRIST Brown Leather 29. MORMON TABERNACLE ORGAN RECITAL $4.98

test principles the put to gospel 52 authorThe from Asper, Frank Organist

E. $10.75 Talmage the James

of for year, a Each he concentratedBook week Mormon.

selections This contains album such as "Come, Come, it life. principle tried his to ofon a part one make and

Dr. Asper, Saints"Ye arranged Water "The by Music"in fine grain durable attractive, than ever more More results. interestingThis with reports the book An book

by Handel, "Evening Greig's Song"by Schumann, and of the Church, leather bindings, the standard works brown practical gospel. application thea to

"Hail of Star with along selections. 9 other Heaven"Triple Bible the Combination and Holy The

30. $4.98 BLESS AMERICA GOD 8. JOSEPH SMITH, PROPHET OF THE RESTORATION

Tabernacle 19. BIBLE (Indexed only) $18.50 The Mormon Choir &

HartshornLeon $3.95

the Philadelphia Orchestra Dr. of of Doctrine series (Book has Hartshorn presented a at Mormon, lectures the TRIPLE COMBINATION

This as contains America, such greats Bless album "God life Pearl of of Great Covenants, the Smith, on on Joseph research basedBYU & much of The StarSpangled Banner, Battle the Republic"Hymn his In the thison environment. times and man, book Size Reg. $11.50 $12.50 - Price)-

patriotic selections. more and

a livingJoseph being. Smith reader becomes The human Size Indexed Pocket Unindexed $8.50 $9.50 - Indexed -Unindexed

31. $4.98 feelingcould OF of well talking FATHERS get the walking OUR and with GOD

the prophet.

20. GOSPEL DOCTRINE TheBrassMormonEnsembleTabernacle& PercussionChoir & the Philadelphia

F. Leather Smith's $9.75 Joseph Brown OF SALT 9. BARRIER

Cloth writings Reg. sermons. and Carleson Price $2.95Raye $4.95 A"Nowthrillingthe Daynew issound,Over, containingAbide With suchMe, selectionsI Need Theeas

A book, that combines early American art, and poetry, The Melchizedek Priesthood lessons will be taken from Every Hour and God Be With You"this for years. a the next durable, not have two book Why barrier of the great about narrative andprose and $32.50 32. DOCTRINE COVENANTS AND

will to longlasting that for years as endure book come beautiful, forbidding, as alternately describedthat was in this longplaying records are 17 RPM) There (33% for a the reference, counsel advice ready everyday on and tried to frustrating conquer,and by those who full, in is recorded and Covenants Doctrine album. The living. in practices right Salt Lake. Greatthe

similar in a to cut, per several sections manner with 10. THE DOCTRINE & COVENANTS SPEAKS, Vol. 2 21. A MARVELOUS WORK AND A WONDER that described in the New Testament album.

Roy W. Doxey $5.95 LeGrand Richards Pocket Size—$5.50 33. ALBUMS OF THE SCRIPTURES $39.95

NEW TESTAMENT NOTE: 16 RPM ONLY

This is a sequel to Volume 1. This exhaustive study This is a convenient pocket size edition in durable

analyzes in depth, Sections 73 through 136 of this most brown leather of one of the most frequently used Twelve extra longplay records in this beautifully bound important Latterday scripture. Authored by a leading books on basic doctrine of the Church of Jesus Christ album. An excellent gift narrated by Charles Freed.

teacher of the Doctrine & Covenants at BYU for many years. of Latterday Saints. Each cut and side is timed and has over 55 minutes of

listening time. The origin of The King James Version

11. HYMN STUDIES FOR ORGANISTS 22. THE SPIRIT OF THE OLD TESTAMENT is also printed inside the cover.

Parley L. Belnap $3.95 By Sidney B. Sperry $4.95 34. THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR SINGS

The ideas and techniques advanced here combine the This book fills a void in Latterday Saint publications CHRISTMAS CAROLS $4.98

instructions from many schools of organ playing. Part regarding the Old Testament. It will find a welcome The organ provides the accompaniment for these

playing, planning fingering, pedaling and hymn styling place in the hands of students and scholars of the fifteen beautiful Christmas carols. Some of them are

are a few of the subjects presented for study. Gospel before the advent of Christ. famous, others little heard but beautiful!

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

35. SPIRIT OF CHRISTMAS $4.98

The Mormon Tabernacle Choir sings 18 popular

Christmas carols with organ accompaniment. Some of

them are Carol of the Bells, Silent Night, Holy Night,

Hark! The Herald Angels Sing, The Three Kings.

36. THE MESSIAH $11,98

Eugene Ormandy conducts the Philadelphia Orchestra, working with Richard P. Condie, director of the

Mormon Tabernacle Choir, in presenting this classic oratorio by Handel. Soloists for this outstanding

recording are Eileen Farrell. Martha Lipton, Davis

Cunningham and William Warfield.

37. CHRISTMAS WITH THE MORMON TABERNACLE

ORGAN AND CHIMES $4.98

With Alexander Schreiner at the organ, this album is sure to thrill music lovers and especially organists who understand the fullrange potential of the organ.

COLUMBIA STEREO CASSETTE TAPES 38. THE LORD'S PRAYER

Tabernacle Choir and Orchestra $6.98

This is the famous album with The Battle Hymn of the

Republic, now on cassette, with the Tabernacle Choir and the Philadelphia Orchestra.

39. THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR'S

GREATEST HITS, VOL. 3 $6.98

The Choir and the Philadelphia Orchestra perform such selections as Anvil Chorus, None But the Lonely Heart.

Shenandoah, and other hits of this type, 40. JESUS, JOY OF MAN'S DESIRING

The Mormon Tabernacle Choir $6.98

Contains the albums title song, A Mighty Fortress is

Our God, Now Thank We All Our God, Father in Heaven.

In Deepest Grief and eight other hymns.

COLUMBIA TC8 STEREO TAPES 8 - Track Stereo Cartridges 41. GOD BLESS AMERICA $6.98

The Mormon Tabernacle Choir with Philadelphia Orch.

Has four programs which include such productions as:

God Bless America, Tramp, Tramp, Tramp, Battle Hymn of the Republic, America the Beautiful, Goin'Home

From "New World"Symphony, American Salute.

42. THE MORMON TABERNACLE CHOIR'S

GREATEST HITS $6.98

with the Choir and Philadelphia Orchestra

These are some of the famous hits: Battle Hymn of the

Republic. God Bless America, Bless This House, and This

Land is Your Land, along with other big numbers.

43. SEVEN INCH, 4 TRACK STEREO TAPE REELS

BLESS THIS HOUSE $7.98

Mormon Tabernacle Choir and Philadelphia Orch.

Contains 11 famous hymns and selections from cantatas and requiems such as Jesu, Joy of Man's Desiring,

Hallelujah Chorus, The King of Glory, and Holy Art Thou.

44. A MIGHTY FORTRESS $7.98

The Mormon Tabernacle Choir There are 22 of the most frequently sung Christian hymns in this reel of tape. Such songs as How Firm A

Foundation, Behold The Great Redeemer Die, The Lord is My Shepherd, Rock of Ages, and many others.

45. THIS LAND IS YOUR LAND $7.98

The Mormon Tabernacle Choir joins with the Philadelphia

Orchestra to create an album of beautiful music from

American folk songs. You'll thrill to Shenandoah,

Deep River, This Land is Your Land, and other favorites.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668

Send me the following items: (Fill in the appropriate numbers)

Total Cost $ Paid by check Money order or, please charge established account

Also include 25c handling and postage for the first book ordered and 15c for each additional book ordered in the same shipment. This must include 4Vi% sales tax from Utah residents ordering from Utah. Residents of California add 5% tax when ordering from Orange.

NAME 44 East South Temple, Salt lake City, Utah 84110 ADDRESS

CITY STATE ZIP NOTE: If you wish books sent to another address as gifts, please enclose a note giving the appropriate address.

considerably. But however their astonishment may was a time for rebuilding, for works and renewed

be such are the facts in the case."faith. Elder Grant, who was now the President of the

Over the years the circulation has grown and Church, appointed Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Coundoubled and doubled again many times, until this curcil of the Twelve, who had been an author for the

rent issue of the magazine will be sent out to some Improvement Era since volume two, to join him as an 270,000 subscribers. How the faith of the brethren who editor. Elder Richard L. Evans left a promising radio

started the Era has been justified! career to become the managing editor. Many of the

As I turn through the volumes and review again regular features still enjoyed by Era readers date from the names of editors and writers, I marvel, as I have this time in the mid1930s.

done so many times, at the greatness of the men who I pick up the 1947 volume with a great deal of started the Era, contributed to it, and built it through nostalgia. This was the fiftieth anniversary year for

the decades. I am humbled at the depth and potency the Era and the onehundredth anniversary of the

of their messages. I realize that although the magapioneers entering the Salt Lake Valley. World War II

zine has changed in appearance a good deal over the had drawn to a close. Era subscriptions had leveled

years, in content it has not really changed very much. off at about 80,000. George Albert Smith was PresiThe aims today are the aims established by those who dent of the Church and editor of the magazine. Elder

started it. The truths of the gospel never change; the Widtsoe also was an editor. Elder Evans, now a mempurposes of the Church are the same now as they ber of the First Council of the Seventy, was managing

were then. editor.

I look at later issues and find that in appearance a The time had come again for building and expandgreat deal of progress has been made. The November ing, and when President Smith and Dr. Widtsoe asked

1929 issue, for example, was the first one with the me to leave my position as extension editoj with the present format. The larger page size makes for a better Utah State Agricultural College and join the Era staff,

use of illustrations and more attractive layouts. Color I accepted with little hesitation. President Smith said:

printing was being developed in these years, and two- "The Improvement Era represents the Church and color covers and a second color inside made their carries its message to wards and branches in the appearance. This issue was preceded by a storybook stakes and missions throughout all the world. We

wedding in the Tabernacle in which the marriage of must make it the best religious magazine in the world and place it in the homes of all our people for their blessing and edification."

Oh Under the leadership and direction of the prophets

JmproVementSracYOf/Vi, WW.WS.il) of God, and with the cooperation and assistance of a

devoted and competent staff, we have followed this charge and moved forward in publishing "The Voice of the Church."

The success of a magazine really cannot be judged by its size or number or pages, by its layouts, by its artwork, or by the amount of color in it. In the long

run it can only be judged by what it has done for its readers. From our files of letters and accounts of

those who have been blessed because of the magazine I select just a few.

A young girl in Chicago was babysitting in a Latterthe Improvement Era and the Young Women's Journal, day Saint home. She was very much impressed with

published by the YWMIA, was held, uniting the two what she later described as a different spirit in the publications. home. When the children were all in bed, she turned

The Era, which had come into existence in difficult to a magazine rack to find something to read and times, also chose a poor time, financially speaking, for found copies of what to her was a new magazine—

marriage and a new format. The first of the new issues the Improvement Era. It stirred her interest so deeply

came from the press the month after the stock market that when the parents returned home, she asked them crash of 1929 and the beginning of a depression that about the Church. There followed many interesting

engulfed much of the world for a number of years. conversations with members of the family and lessons

Subscriptions had started that November at a by the missionaries. Subsequently she went to Brigpromising 50,000 but soon fell to a low of 20,000. It ham Young University, and at the time she told her

Era, November 1970 19 story, she was anticipating baptism into the Church. and, true to his resolve, never smoked again. He

In Phoenix, Arizona, a family moved into a new worked hard also to overcome other bad habits, home. The previous owners, Latterday Saints, felt started paying his tithing, and after a period of time

they couldn't take their several years'collection of took his wife and children into the house of the Lord

Improvement Eras with them to their new home in a distant city, so they stacked them on a bench in the daughters the twogarage. found These were by from 9 WHIPPED them. family, The mother, to read began whothe newbeing concerned about what her daughters were readAN ENEMY

ing, turned through some of the magazines and called By JESSE STUART her husband's attention to them. Together they read

a number of the articles. So interested did they become that they wrote a letter to Church headquarters

in Salt Lake City, asking for more information about Tl the Church. All four were converted and baptized,

and at the time they reported their story, they said they were "the happiest family in Arizona."to be sealed together for time and all eternity.

For many years a stake in southern California led This is a story told by an assistant Era director:

the Church in attendance at priesthood and sacrament Soon after he and his wife were married, they became meetings and Sunday School and in other areas of interested in and joined the Church, over the strenuous church activity. During these years the stake also led objctions of their parents. Relations were so strained

in the percentage of families subscribing to the Era. that his parents would not visit them and asked them

When I talked with the stake president about this not to speak of the Church whenever they were toremarkable performance, he replied, "In very large gether. But the young couple, being thoroughly conmeasure we attribute the high spirituality of the people verted and happy with the truth of the restored

of our stake to the fact that they subscribe to and gospel, wanted to share this happiness with their read the Improvement Era."loved ones, so they sent each of them an Era subThe superintendent of a ward MIA in the Salt Lake scription. One night some months later they received

Valley told this story: Although he had been born a telephone call from his mother, who said, "Son, are

into the Church and was baptized, he drifted away as you busy tonight?""No, we're not,"the young man

a young man. When he fell in love with a young replied. "Well, we have been reading this magazine

Latterday Saint woman, he influenced her to marry that you sent us, and we wondered if we could come him, even though he could not take her to the temple. over and talk with you about it."They did. There

Later his wife tried to get him to correct his bad followed lessons by the missionaries and not long after habits and become interested in the Church, but he his father and mother were baptized.

became even more antagonistic. The testimonials convince me again that the ImOne night, while his children were in bed and his provement Era has filled well the goals set by its

wife was attending a meeting, he was sitting in the founders.

living room, smoking a cigarette, when he idly picked The hour is very late, the time is spent, and I must up a magazine—the Era—and started to thumb through close these volumes. On the morrow, I will turn my

it. As the leaves turned, he became attracted to an attention to the future, to new responsibilities, new

article that was illustrated by a pair of boxers sparring. programs, new publications. While we look at the past

Being interested in sports, he thought this must be with nostalgia, we look at the future with faith, hope, a story on boxing, so he started to read it. Instead, it and determination, knowing that the new plan for

was a firstperson account of a man who had overcome Church magazines is an enormous step forward in the the cigarette habit and told how much it had meant great correlation program and carries with its promises to him and his family. for serving the Church such as we have never before

When he finished the article, the man thought of seen.

his lovely wife and their little children; then, looking With the December issue, the Era bids adieu to its

at the smokefilled room, the halffilled ashtray, and tens of thousands of supporters and readers throughout the nicotine stains on his fingers, he decided he was the world. The January issues of the new magazines

never going to smoke another cigarette. Gathering up will open a new and challenging era of inspirational

several packages he had, he put them in the trash can reading. O

The Unknown For Aunt Zina By Ruth May Fox By Lula Greene Richards

June 1907 April 193 ivill be Zina, dear memories, Atmt hero, Kind songs enough for the areThere hearts in our cherished divells the heights of fame; on Who

go, come and spring and summer While

I disappointed, the sing for set. rise shall and sun and their aim. those missed For who

tnist helpfulness and and hope The—Ella Wheeler Wilcox life like yours imparts, a

understood and known Those who have written, been lives never haveSome forget. will not loved and

told, stories never have been Some faith, as pure, influence of your lie hidden, May hearts secrets in proudGrave on, still ws urge cheer and

And sorrows too keen to unfold. In life's uncertain pathivay, 'til, like you,

pass and we then—

depths never been haveSome enter the fair realm victors we may sounded, As can reach; heights no mortal Some gone, have where you

answered, been questions have neverSome never thoughts have found Some speech. Andandgreethear yourwith voicejoy youragain.smiling face,

Victories glorious, triumphant,

Though no one may witness the fray; Summer's End

And often the jewel most precious,

Lies buried in deeps far away. By Zara Sabin

September 1955 But I know there is joy for each sorrow, Here at the farm, quite suddenly,

I know there are smiles for each tear; our lives are tranquil as a clear deep stream

That when the great book is laid open, flowing between high green banks.

Vexed questions will all be made clear. We weed no more but leisurely

gather the ripened crops. Our days now seem

the hero are songs for There unknown, more mellow—time for giving thanks!

music than of earth; Far sweeter

And he who has conquered in silence, Beauty surrounds us. Full and dark

The universe chanteth his worth. the com silk falls from golden rustling leaves

blown gently by a wandering breeze.

His glory sheds over the ages, The richness of scarlet tomatoes mark

Far out through the limits of time; the garden's end. Cool cucumbers weave

To find a famed niche in his temple, with scalloped squash, a patterned frieze.

And radiate with the Divine. Wild grapes hang red and sweet along

the meadow's edge. Slowly down the road,

boldly outlined by westering sun,

Sea Gulls ivith supple movement, sure and strong, their lumbering load horses move great farm By Vesta Pierce Crawford the is done. hay. Summer of fragrant

June 1931 Gulls there are by the ocean deep

With wings like the cold gray waves, A Mocking Bird gidls the craggy there are on And shore By President A. W. Ivins

caves. sail the toindhewn past That

June 1931 But high on the rocks of an inland sea In the stillness of the night,

Dwells a snowwhite gull with a clarion When the moonbeams shone, cry; Reflecting their light from Zion's

And over the maze of a furrowed land domes,

He circles a path that is far and high. The song of the Mocking Bird,

A song without peer, Yet ever the stretch of his pinions wide Gave courage and hope to the first

On the painted dawn of the day pioneer.

Is a challenge deep from that heritage

No span of the years can sweep away!

Perhaps Perhaps if springtime never came Perhaps if lilacs never bloomed, rain, April with smile, Nor gleamed your I could forget By Christie Lund [Coles] peace tranquil go on in singing thing I coidd a made Which my life

April 1931 For such a wondrous while. Without this poignant pain.

Perhaps if daffodils were not Perhaps if everything did not

So gay upon the hill, Remind me so of you

My quiet heart could be content I cotdd forget your voice, your touch

Instead of yearning still. As if I wanted to.

Joseph Smith--An Appreciation By President B. H. Roberts

President B. H. Roberts

of the First Council of the Seventy (18881933) "For other foundation can no and hence his work endures. No truth. We might say for Joseph

man lay than that is laid, which is mere wood, hay, or stubble in it; Smith what the Christ once said for

Jesus Christ. but gold, silver, precious stones,—his own vindication: If he did not

"Now if any man build upon this the things of highest value! the works of God, believe him not;

foundation gold, silver, precious Every man's work who builds on but if he did, though ye believe not stones, wood, hay, stubble; the foundation of Christ, even, is him, believe the works, that ye may

"Every man's work shall be made to be tested as by fire. Time has know and believe that God was

manifest: for the day shall declare the same effect; and Joseph Smith's with him. For the works he ( Joseph

it, because it shall be revealed by work has stood the test of time Smith) wrought and their endurance fire; and the fire shall try every as of fire. About the time of the for over 100 years under the searchman's work of what sort it is."initial movements that founded the light of modern investigation, criti-

(1 Cor. 3:1118.) new dispensation of the gospel, a cism, mockery, and persecution are

lot of "isms"—"cults"—sprang into his effectual witness of their truth;

It was a happy circumstance that existence, religions, and philosothe gospel and the Church he gave,

Joseph Smith tried to lay no other phies. These—Quakerism, spiritualunder God, to the world, are his

foundation than that laid in Christ ism, Owenism (a communistic cult vindication.

Jesus, our Lord. Had he done so designed by its author Robert Owen There are three broad sources

his work would have been under to take the place of Christianity), from which may be drawn an accondemnation from the beginning, Campbellism, Millerism, with its count of the Prophet and Seer of but his announced new dispensafixed date for the coming of the the new dispensation, his character, tion included the Christ to the very Christ—but all these have either and his works:

height of his deity, doctrine, and passed out or have become very First, the testimony of those who glory. No other foundation could much limited or reduced as facknew him, and received him at his

any man lay, and Joseph Smith tors in religious and philosophical own full face value of himself—his

made the Christ supreme in his systems. zealous disciples;

scheme of things. It is the Christ "Mormonism,"socalled, alone Second, those to whom he was an

and his fidelity and his truth that has survived in anything like its enigma—a mystery, that they congave Joseph Smith's announcement original force or intent. Its survival fess themselves unable to solve;

the authority and power of God; is its own witness of its fullness of Third, his outand-out opponents

—his enemies; those who esteemed about him—friendly and otherwise—himself explained, of like passions

him more than a heretic, more than that told the story of his heroisms, and prejudices with other men. His

a false prophet, whom the world his fearless courage, his unbounded gracious acknowledgment of the would be well served by being rid love for his friends, his reverence limitations disclosed yet another of, no matter how, and whose works for God and sacred things, his invirtue to admire, the virtue of they would utterly destroy—whom tegrity up to his martyrdom. For all humility, which endeared him

they would gladly see cast into hell! this, I loved him, as I now love him. still more to me and placed him still

Frankly I confess myself to be I was influenced by the boldness more beyond detraction from that of the first class: one who believes of his claims, for the tremendous inplace I had given to him in my

in him, accepts him as a prophet tellectual daring that so lifted him heart. There let him stand enof the Most High God, inspired as above common men. Perhaps in shrined for me. God, who is said to

no other man has been inspired to boyhood I loved him for the very charge even his angels with "folly,"establish God's truth in the world; sway and swagger of him, and for may judge Joseph Smith, for his

one who believes in him without his unschooled eloquence. At any servant he was, and he knows. To

reservation. To me he was a mighty rate my own nature formed a union me and for me, he is the Prophet

spirit, which made him one of God's with his that nothing could break. of the Most High. So let him for-

"great,"and "noble,"and "good"inIt may be that now, as in Solomon's ever stand.

telligences in his own right, by the time, there is no "spot"in the object As for the other two sources of very nature of him. To this spirit, of our love; no "imperfection"! At knowledge about him, those to

great, and mighty, and strong, God least none that I could see or feel. whom he was an enigma and his

gave, in addition, authority and inLater, when judgment began to enemies—let them guess and rave;

spiration which made him of a assert more sway, and knowledge "no matter, he is beyond their quick and mighty understanding. enlarged, and when I learned to power"—the pelting his memory

In this atmosphere concerning regard and to love truth more than with unsavory epithets cannot him, I grew from my childhood; I men—I saw limitations in the change his place in God's economy

reveled in the things I heard of Prophet of the new dispensation, of things, or dispose of him in any him long before I could read them and became conscious of human fashion. He belongs to the ages;

for myself; they were read to me frailties and shortcomings in action, his home is with the Gods; his work

from the books that were published and saw that he was a man, as he abides on earth. O

Era, November 1970 23 r/Ji:

M BEGINNINGS pri\cipie-s

CAKOl..LYNWrtFARSON RBBUT

DRUGKTER,

or *Stf—- - -; i V:;s jsr

; *?i x vS Si!

O,

- "y first e'g/rt years **,

Ooj{ rc* VPLL/Mf

'-i

-tl*. v=.'>-:<%

The Eiders of Israel and the Constitution

\&fi M

is *\t-*

<5&ec?f0a4fjdfcri&n #&<?& c&cce &.

FOR AN LDS MOTHER 59. THOUGHTS 29. TO SURVIVAL PASSPORT OF GREAT POSSESSIONS STRENGTH 1. THE

$1.75 Schoenfeld by Elizabeth $3.50 Esther Dickey by $3.95 by Sterling W. Sill

60. THINGS DONE GETTING ON FULFILLMENT THE DOCTRINE AND OF 2. A WOMAN'S MESSAGE 30. THE

$3.25 by L. White Ray $3.50 $2.95 A. Widtsoe by John by Laura Snyder COVENANTS

61. LIFE EVERLASTING 31. TALKS KINGDOM MINI 3. THEIRS IS THE

by S. Crowther $4.50 Duane $3.95 L. Zobell, Jr $1.25 J. Ashton by Wendell Albert by

HAPPINESS TO WAY GIRL 32. FASCINATING WOODRUFF 62. THE OF WILFORD 4. THE DISCOURSES

$1.75 S. Howells by Ruion $6.95 B. Andelin by and arranged by Helen Selected

LDS BOOK GAME Durham $3.95 63. G. Homer ISRAEL THE AND 5. THE ELDERS OF

$3.95 Heaton by Alma Horowitz by Jerome CONSTITUTION THESHOSHONES $3.75 33. AMONG

$3.50 64. FANTASTIC Wilson VICTORY Elijah Nicholas by OF ADVENTURES YELLOWSTONE 6. THE

Skousen $3.75 by W. Cleon 34. STORIES CLAW PRETTY PAW AND LITTLE AND INDIAN PIONEER

by Garyl Fisher $2.50 by Lucy Parr $2.50 65. FOUR FAITH PROMOTING CLASSICS

7. QUEST, A FAMILY HOME EVENING 35 THE BOY WHO BECAME A PROPHET from "The Faith Promoting Series"$3.95

GAME $3.95 by Mabel Harmer $2.25 66. TEN MOST WANTED MEN

8. BOOK OF MORMON (Reproduction of 36 TALKABLE TOPICS by Paul H. Dunn $3.95

first edition) $8.95 by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $3.50 67. SPECIAL MISSIONARY REFERENCE

9. HI FASHION SEWING AND TAILORING 37. CHRISTMAS IN STORY FOR LDS READERS BIBLE-B.C.I $13.95

by Helen S.Jones $5.95 Compiled by George Bickerstaff $1.50 68. ABUNDANT LIFE

10. THE WORD AND THE WITNESS 38. CHRISTMAS READING FOR LDS FAMILIES by Hugh B. Brown $4.50

by Bankhead and Pearson $3.50 Compiled by George Bickerstaff $1.50 69. SACRED OR SECRET

Jr $2.50 Ernest Eberhard, by 39. CLASSIC EXPERIENCES AND FIRST YEARS EIGHT11. MY

$5.00 R. Melvin by Brooks $2.50 40. 52 THOUGHTS GREAT 12. FOR ONE FOUR THOUGHTS VOLUME

71. ENCYCLOPEDIA, Vol. 2 LDS REFERENCE 5.. $35.00 Vols. 1 thru L. SEASONS, $3.00 41. TIMES Richard Evans AND by DAYS HUNDRED

$3.50 R. Melvin Brooks by

STAR 42. EVENING AND MORNING THE 13. BOOK CIVILIZATIONS THE AND GREAT 72. TO ILLUSTRATE JUST $7.95 Eugene by Wagner $5.95 R. Hunter Milton by OF MORMON $3.75 Richards by LeGrand

$6.95 BINDER 41 PURPOSE TEMPLE ALL

14. CHOICE THE THE AND CHALLENGE 73. OF THE LORD HOUSE

by Richard Vetterli $3.95 44. BEFORE I WAS BORN $2.50 by James E. Talmage $2.95

15. DOCTRINES FROM THE PROPHETS 45. INSPIRATIONAL VERSE, vol. 2 $2.50 74. THE FIRST 2,000 YEARS

by Alma P. Burton $5.95 by C. Broadhead by W. Cleon Skousen $3.95

16. SUCCESSION IN THE CHURCH 46. CLIMBING OUR FAMILY TREE SYSTEM75. THE THIRD THOUSAND YEARS

by Durham and Heath $3.25 ATICALLY by George 0. Zabriskie $4.95 by W. Cleon Skousen $6.50

17. ABOUT MY DAUGHTER, DOCTOR... 47. THE GENESIS OF YOUR GENEALOGY 76. THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS

by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis $4.95 by Elizabeth Nichols $2.75 by W. Cleon Skousen $6.95

18. SPEAKER'S SCRAPBOOK 48 THE FAITH OF A SCIENTIST 77. FILE FAVORITES

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr $1.25 by Dr. Henry Eyring $.50 by Albert L Zobell, Jr $1.25

19. MESSAGES OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY, 49. MORMON DOCTRINE 78. PROPHECY, KEY TO THE FUTURE

20. THE SEARCH 50. TRUE TO THE FAITH 79. PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES AND NATIONAL

by Carol Lynn Pearson $2.95 Compiled by Llewlyn R. McKay $3.95 SURVIVAL by Jerreld Newquist $5.50

21. BEAUTY IS 51. AN OPEN ROAD 80. BOOK OF MORMON STORIES FOR YOUNG

by Bonnie Marshall $3.25 by Richard L. Evans $3.00 LDS by Emma Marr Petersen $3.50

22. BEGINNINGS 52. THE POWER OF BELIEVING 81. STORIES OF JESUS FOR LDS CHILDREN

by Carol Lynn Pearson $2.95 by Sterling W. Sill $3.75 by Jane Lund $2.50

23. PRINCIPLES OF PERFECTION—Vol. II53. VITAL QUOTATIONS 82. LDS ADVENTURE STORIES

Millennial Series by Hyrum L. Andrus.. $5.95 by Emerson Roy West $4.95 by Preston Nibley $2.50

24. WILFORD WOODRUFF 54. BOOK OF MORMON COMPENDIUM 83. ABOUT BAPTISM

by Matthias Cowley $4.95 by Sidney B. Sperry $6.95 by Emma Marr Petersen $1.75

25. MIRACLE OF FORGIVENESS 55. MEANINGFUL LIVING 84. ABOUT PRAYER

by Spencer W. Kimball $4.95 by Paul H. Dunn $3.00 by Emma Marr Petersen $1.75

26. THE WAY TO PEACE 56. GOD, MAN AND THE UNIVERSE 85. WHAT SHALL WE DO WITH LOVE

by Mark E. Petersen $3.95 by Hyrum L. Andrus $5.95 by Ernest Eberhard, Jr $3.25

27. AN ENEMY HATH DONE THIS 57 MISSION FOR MOTHER 86. IF I WERE YOU

by Ezra Taft Benson $4.95 by G. Hugh Allred $3.95 Presiding Bishopric's Office $2.25

28. THE THREE INFINITIES 58. FROM THE DUST OF DECADES 87. ILLUSTRATIONS TO INSPIRE

by Sterling W. Sill $3.95 by Keith Terry and Walter Whipple $2.25 by J. Randolph Ayre $1.75

BOOKCRAFT 1848 West 2300 South / P. O. Box 268 / Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 11/70

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose check or money order in the amount of $ Residents of Utah add 4'/2% sales tax

19 20 21HiBOOKCRAFT 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 45 46 47 48 49 50 51 52 53 54 55 56 57 58 59 60 61 62 63 64 65 66 67 68 69 70 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 83 84

85 86 87

NAME.

ADDRESS.

CITY STATE. ZIP..

OurJrdthe Qhrist

Our Lord

the Christ

By Elder James E. Talmage

Elder James E..

Talmage, member of the Council of the Twelve (19111933) and author of **mr"m*wsirm*xsP The Articles of Faith and Jesus the Christ

The Man Supreme! shall reign personally upon the earth with his saints.

In whom dwelt manhood in completeness and the He who shall deliver to the Father the cleansed fullness of the Godhead bodily. Under the Father's and purified earth, with its hosts of the redeemed,

empowerment the Creator of the heavens and the saying, "I have overcome and have trodden the wineearth. press alone.... Then shall he be crowned with the

Jehovah, the eternally existing One, who is from crown of his glory, to sit on the throne of his power everlasting to everlasting, the I AM of eternity past, of to reign forever and ever."(D&C 76:10708.)

time, and of eternity to come. He has been repeatedly proclaimed by the Father's

Whom the Father called his Chosen, his Begotten voice as the Son divine, and from boyhood to sacrificial

Son, his Firstborn of spirits, his Only Begotten in death solemnly avowed his own exalted status as that the flesh. Son of Man. Prophets and apostles in both olden and

The Word who was in the beginning, who was with modern days, and the "common people"who heard

God, who was God, who was made flesh and dwelt him gladly, have reverently affirmed his divinity.

among men. Angels have sung and demons shrieked his name as

Foremost of all who have trodden the earth with that of power and Godship.

mortal feet. We acclaim Jesus Christ as the veritable Son of the

The Babe of Bethlehem, the Boy of Nazareth, the Eternal Father in both spirit and body. He lived as

Man of Sorrows acquainted with grief. a man among men yet was wholly unique in that he

My Elder Brother and yours. combined within himself the attributes of mortality as

The Teacher preeminent. the heritage from a mortal mother and the powers of

He who was condemned as a malefactor, died as a Godhood received as a birthright from his immortal mortal, rose as a God triumphant. Father.

Redeemer of the race from death, Savior from the Thus he was capable of death and died, yet had effects of sin, source of life eternal. power over death, and so held death in abeyance

The first to come forth from the tomb a resurrected until he willed to die. This he affirmed while yet he

soul. was mortal: "Therefore doth my Father love me, beThe conquerer of death and hell. cause I lay down my life, that I might take it again.

He who shall come in like manner as he went and "No man taketh it from me, but I lay it down of

myself. I have power to lay it down, and I have power water, and to the baptism of the Spirit through the

to take it again...."(John 10:1718.) bestowal of the Holy Ghost by the authorized imposiHe was unique in having been accepted and foretion of hands.

ordained to be the Redeemer and Savior of mankind, He manifests his powers through the graces of the and yet again in the fact of his absolute sinlessness. Spirit, as seen in gifts of revelation, prophecy, tongues,

He was the God of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the and the'ir interpretation, by inspired dreams and viJehovah of the Old Testament and the Christ of the sions, by healings, and by a diversity of gifts called

New. No man can return to the Father except through by man miracles.

the Son, for the name of Jesus Christ is the only name Through him redemption is assured and salvation which shall be given under heaven, whereby salvation made possible to every soul. Salvation includes and

shall come unto the children of men. (See Acts 4:12.) exceeds redemption. It is the plan conceived in the

He has manifested himself in person to his prophets mind of God the Eternal Father and given to man in the present dispensation, and has spoken with them through Jesus Christ, whereby the degenerating and as one man speaks with another. disastrous results of individual transgression may be

He is known to be in the likeness of the Eternal atoned for; it is the means by which the loathsome

Father—the express image of the Father's person—for malady of sin may be cured. Redemption, or rescue

both have been seen and heard in this the dispensation from death, is of universal assurance; salvation is of

of consummation and fullness. individual attainment, made possible through comThrough the instrumentality of men commissioned pliance with the laws and ordinances of the gospel

to officiate for him, he has reestablished his church based on the atonement accomplished by him alone.

upon the earth, for the last time, and has bestowed A Redeemer and Savior is essential to the accomupon it his name—The Church of Jesus Christ of plishment of the Father's work and glory—"to bring

Latterday Saints. to pass the immortality and eternal life of man."

He has officered his church as of old, with apostles, Sometime, somewhere, the knowledge of the Lord patriarchs, high priests, seventies, elders, bishops, shall come to every soul with saving or convicting priests, teachers, and deacons. effect; then every knee shall bow, and every tongue

Again as aforetime he has called and is calling manconfess that he is the Christ, the Son of the living kind to faith and repentance, then to baptism by God. O

Era, November 1970 29 She frowned as she returned to bouncing the wooden dasher in the old crockery churn. Of course,

Darcy was hardly seven, and yetwell, it wasn't too soon to think about molding his character. He

was a good little fellow, but there was such a lackadaisicalness about him. Start him on a chore and it

wasn't any time at all before he'd be at something else, completely forgetful of his first task.

Young Martha Reed took her own responsibilities very seriously.

More so than ever, since that telegram four years ago, and the sobering knowledge she'd have to go it alone. A fine, hardworking little

woman, the neighbors nodded approvingly. No nonsense about

Martha. It was a reputation in

which she took pride. And what,

she wondered, would Darcy's reputation be someday?

"Late to school, late to school, late to school,"the dasher said.TTfe Ey aid tfe Welb On sudden impulse, she snatched

By Nora Ann Richardson her big straw hat and ran across \. Illustrated by Dale Kilbourn the yard, scattering the lazy red

Martha wiped the steamed winness knows, a brisk walk would hens in her hurry. Late every sindow glass and watched as Darcy take anyone to the schoolhouse in gle day this week! Why, it was

scuffed across the yard swinging twenty minutes, let alone the actually a disgrace! She'd see to it

his lunch pail. Surely, she worried, hour's start she was giving him this that he got to school on time asi he

he'll be on time this morning. Goodmorning. was supposed to.

She'd just take him by the arm and march him right along and—

She left the thought uncompleted as she strode along through the soft early morning autumn. The shortcut to the county road lay through

the woods, and she went carefully 25 lir overcoveredthetrail,narrow,mildly pinesurprisedneedleat the mellow wood scents she'd forgotten in these past busy months.

She saw him beside the creek, battered lunch pail at one side, watching something in the water with wholly absorbed interest.

Exasperation rose in her, as she went to grab him.

e Nam Aan K* A footfall betrayed her, and he turned his round, snubnosed face

toward her. The shock of rustmeeting, touching, and hurrying on thoughts. "That's nat'chrul history,

brown hair was in his eye again. He again. mom."

was an odd little miniature of his Darcy drew a twig across the "Yes,"she said, from her seat on father. ant trail and watched as the insects the log. "I suppose it is."All part

"Sh!"Darcy said. "Look!"scurried around in sudden panic. of the silent, unseen struggle that

There was movement in the "It's an earthquake,"he announced. went on in the forest by day and

underbrush across the creek, and a "Run fast, little ants, it's an earthnight for eons past and those to muskrat swam out to eye them quake. Just like China,"he said come—yet sensing the pattern of

curiously. suddenly to Martha. tumult, she felt unaccountably at

"Ho, you,"Darcy called. "WhatLike China? She pondered that peace. The other, older Darcy came

cha catch this morning?"while he opened his lunch pail, into her thoughts, and she rememThe animal turned and coasted crumbled part of a sandwich for bered a summer day spent with him

leisurely back to its hiding place on the ants, and absently munched the on a wooded hillside. She rememthe opposite bank. remainder. bered the way his dark hair fell

"I see him every day,"he exThe ants; funny little things, unheeded over one gray eye, and

plained, as if that ended the matter. carrying mountainsized crumbs, his deep, thoughtful voice as his

"Sometimes I toss pebbles and he hurrying so senselessly this way and fingers drew a small rectangle in swims over, and it's like a sorta that... unaware of the roundeyed the path. If we knew this single

game—"The glance at his mother humans fantastically immense... foot of earth, he'd said, we toould

was not entirely approving. "He's of the forest and its heavy, somnoknow 'most all the universe.

scared of you, though. He don't lent silence. There came the distant tolling of

like grownups."It was Darcy who stood up first. a bell, and she wondered absently

"Doesn't he, though! Well, I "Got something else to show you, what it might be.

think we'd better pick up our lunch mom."He went on ahead of her to Darcy gave a small cry. "Gee,

pail, Darcy Reed, and get along to the almostclearing where a pine mom, the school bell!"

school!"had fallen last year and was begin- "Hurry,"she cried, shoving the

"Oh—school. Well, s'long, mom."ning its slow, moldering dissolution. lunch pail at him. "Oh, darling,

"I'll just go along a stretch, young "Come on over here, in these run! You're going to be late again!"

man."The lecture she'd planned bushes, mom."She watched the small puffs of

wouldn't materialize. She caught her breath at the dust as he reached the country road

"Aw, mom..."He trudged sight of the web, glistening with and raced away around the turn.

along beside her, up and along the sunlight, patterned with perfect She walked slowly back and sat pinefragrant path. It was pleasdelicacy. on the log. The spider was gone;

ant in the forest, Martha was "Now you watch, mom."He the fly was gone; the web was as it

forced to admit, scarcely aware she tossed a rolledup leaf so that it had been—silvery with dew.

was walking more slowly. So long hung, breezetrembling, on the If we knew this single foot of

since she'd walked for its sake silvery tracing. earth. Dear God, she thought, let

alone. There was always so much Martha opened her mouth, then him grow up to be just the same.

to do; the chicks in the brooder closed it. A brown spider danced as She smiled to herself as gentle

house, the three cows, the skimdown a tightrope. It passed mofragrance warmed with the gatherming, and cooling, and cleaning tionless, then turned and worried ing day. "You're just natural hisup, and churning. the bit of green until it tumbled tory,"she said to the unseen

Suddenly she realized her son reluctantly from the net. spider. Like herself, a fragment

wasn't beside her. "He likes flies."Darcy's hand caught up in tumultuous life.

"Darcy! Darcy Reed!"flashed in the air near the log; he But there's a difference, she

She turned and saw him a dozen brought it close to the web and thought, starting back toward paces back, squatting on his released the insect. Again the home, toward her butter churn, the

haunches, his head low over the tracery trembled; the spider rushed chickens, and cows. There are so

path. She went to him. "What in out, but now it remained. many small, unnoticed victories

the world—""The spiders eat flies, and the that, added together, can make

Martha stared at the ground. A frogs eat spiders, and the snakes one's life a song of triumph. And

\few shiny black ants traveled up eat the frogs,"he explained sobertoday, perhaps, I have had my own and down imperceptible highways, ly, as though understanding her small victory. O

Era, November 1970 31 fflay the coming Holiday Season the light and pea

SAINl5 ALIVt oy VII IT'S YOU AND ME, LORD! by TREVOR SOUTHEY DRAWINGS.

Maughan Kammeyer, is a book Alan Gerald Cherry, is an autoEight drawings by this popular guaranteed to delight anyone wilh biographical sketch of a Negro Church artist reproduced on fine a sense of humor. Through her convert to Mormonism. His search quality paper ready for mounting

verses she paints pictures of for truth, and personal views on or framing. Drawings reproduced

Mormon life that strike home conthe priesthood are both relevant in this packet are noted favorites stantly. From the antics of children and inspiring. This volume will from Carol Lynn Pearson's books

on through to the eccentricities do well in filling that special need BEGINNINGS and THE SEARCH.

of the older folks she pokes afon your gift list. 2.95 Included are: DayOld Child,

fectionate fun that not only tickles Embryo of a God, The Lesson, the funny bone but warms the Earth Soul, Protection, The Healheart. Your family and friends will ing, To An Adopted, The Source.

certainly enjoy this volume. 2.95 3.50

Books from TRILOGY ARTS may be obtained from all LDS book dealers or by sending bring to your home and hearts ce of Jesus Christ.

SEASON'S GREETINGS from TRILOGY ARTS

JEGINNI

("Ak'OI IYNN PEAR sivu'r.oi'VLftfi

CAROL LYNM PEARSON *

BEGINNINGS and THE SEARCH. Dennis Smith's volume, STARThese two volumes of verse by COUNTER, is a warm and apCarol Lynn Pearson have proven pealing look into the world of

to be a source of inspiration to children. His tender, realistic

both member and nonmember insight triggers memories and alike. Perhaps you know someappreciation that will bring you

one who is not a member of the to pick up this volume time and

Church (hat you would like to time again. As an added gift

share the joy of the gospel with. suggestion we might mention that

We would like to suggest either this book has special appeal to of these two volumes as the ideal older children as well as adults.

way for you to do that. 2.95 each 2.')r>

the amount quoted to TRILOGY ARTS, Box 843, Provo, Utah 84601. Postage paid.

Gentile Gibbs'Boy

?n. TVnighta*;'.r'.J:-!iftbst'huttmvttwjhim.mi toiwkhtlu nt**0t>ntoft*tpcee* wthi*

THE IRON HORSE-3-D's Folk songs of the pioneers as they crossed the plains.

Stereo Record $3.95

Stereo Cassette $5.95

SCENES FROM THE BOOK OF By Elsie Chamberlain Carroll

MORMON—Crawford Gates Illustrated by Dale Kilboum

Excerpts of music composed especially for the Hill Cumorah Pageant. The drop of a pin could have boy who had just finished speaking.

Stereo Record $4.95 been heard in the crowded little "That's Donald McKellGentile

Monaural $3.95 cultural hall as the young man Gibbs'boy,"he answered, adding

THE VOICE OF A PROPHET ended his masterful speech. It hurriedly, "remind me to tell you

President David 0. McKay was the final one of the contest. his story."

Timeless messages of counsel and For a moment no one stirred. Then There wasn't any danger of my

encouragement fory the Church and the old man on the front row, whose forgetting to remind him, for never the world. Record $3 95 rapt face had robbed the brilliant in all my experience in MIA work

Cassette $5.95 young speaker of part of my attenhad my interest been so challenged

tion, drew a handkerchief from his by the words of a young speaker.

TAPE CATALOG pocket and blew his nose. Instantly I am afraid I didn't hear much of

of recorded messages Hundreds the spell was broken. There was the song, for my eyes kept seeking available cassette are on tape or

in the home and Church. Write a thunder of applause, followed by the face of the young contestant.

for your catalog today. a subdued buzz of appreciative It was not a handsome face, but

$1.00 comments. The judges, as everythere was character written all over

Catalog costs are refundable one knew they would, awarded the it. The old man whose eager listenwhen you purchase two or more prize to the last speaker, listed as ing had attracted me was also still tapes.

number four in the contest. looking up at the boy who had just

While the choir was preparing spoken, his face shining with adorBrigham Young University to sing, I leaned over and asked ing pride. I wondered if that was

Electronic Media Services Bishop Whiting the name of the Gentile Gibbs of whom I had heard 192 HRCB Provo, Utah 84601 3TJ*&*<***'W '**m > <****Vil'','*te

on my intermittent visits to Banak. congratulations with reserve, but been the only permanent gentile in

I was not long in discovering that a with genuine appreciation. Banak for as far back as most of us

third pair of eyes was neglecting He soon left the stage and began can remember. There have been

the music to stray to the sandytalking with the old man, while the transients, of course, now and then, haired lad. These were soft brown little browneyed girl stood waiting but Gentile Gibbs has always been

eyes, looking out from the pretty a few steps away. with us, and as we used to say, he

face, framed with brown curls, of a The bishop had invited me to was a regular 'Mormon'eater."

little girl who sat in the choir. Two spend the night with him, so as "But,"I interrupted the bishop,

or three times the lad looked in her soon as we were in his car and "wasn't that he, there on the front direction, and each time the tan headed for his home, I reminded row tonight—the most attentive and

of his cheeks seemed to deepen. him of his promise. appreciative person in the room?"

Immediately after adjournment "You were going to tell me, "Yes; that's what makes it all so

the young winner was surrounded bishop, about that young lad who interesting.

by congratulating friends. I crowded won the contest—Gentile Gibbs'"You see, we had grown up here

up with the rest of them, and when boy, you called him."in Banak to regard Hank Gibbs as

Bishop Whiting said, "Donald, "Yes, yes; a very interesting story the embodiment of all that is evil,

Brother Jones of the general board—and helpful because it's true and never dreaming that there might be

would like to shake hands with happened right here in our own a vein of good in his character if you,"I was happy to tell the young ward. only someone should try to reach

man how proud we were of the "You perhaps know,"the bishop it.

thing he had done. He received my commenced, "that Hank Gibbs had "He wasn't always a gentile,—an

Era, November 1970 35 apostate, you see. When he was a father. But it was only for a couple available, but he took no part in

boy, so I recall, soon after he had of years, for she died when Donald school doings—that is, he was given

married Emily Callister, the daughwas about ten years old. no chance to participate in the norter of Bishop Callister, who had "I have often thought of late, mal activities of school and combeen sent down here to help settle Brother Jones,"the bishop community life—and all because he was

this part of the country, he was mented as we started up the path Gentile Gibbs'boy.

offended by an insignificant thing. to the house, after putting the car "You remember perhaps that a

From that time he was a bitter in the garage, "that we Latterday few years ago there was quite an enemy of the Church. His young Saints who have borne so much oil enthusiasm created about some

wife died a few years later, of a persecution should have learned wells discovered just south of here.

broken heart, so everyone said, the lesson of tolerance. But we It brought in a flock of adventurers.

leaving a little girl. haven't learned it; we are just as Several families, in fact, came and

"Brother and Sister Callister, intolerant and probably as cruel in settled for the winter here in Banak.

naturally, wanted to take the baby, our way as many of our perseThere were among them half a but Gibbs took her away to a relacutors."dozen youngsters a little older than

tive of his in California, and we The bishop went on with his Donald. They took him into their

never did hear much about her. story as we sat in his comfortable crowd and almost overnight he

Once in a great while she would living room. seemed to have become a different

come out for a short visit; and while "You see, because little Donald boy. He lost interest in school. He

her grandmother Callister lived, I was old man Gibbs'boy, he was at began to smoke and to sit on the think she sort of kept in touch once ostracized—set apart, and street corners and try to tell as vile

with her. branded as a gentile. As a child jokes, or swear as profanely, as the

"Then we heard she was married he was retiring and shy, and as rest of them.

and later that her husband had none of the other children sought "That winter we had a regular been killed in the World War. Soon his companionship, he lived in a reign of terror here. Our own

after that she came back with her world of his own. In school he was youngsters went through the hoodlittle boy and kept house for her very bright and read everything lum period, of course, as each new

crop came along; but we had never

known what it meant to have our nights disturbed by drunken yelling and profanity in the streets; to

have our cars stolen and smashed up and our places of business looted. "In the Beginning Was the "The strange thing about it was this took old man Gibbs way Word..."the wife in Donald. change My own

By Mabel Jones Gabbott couldn't have been more distracted

February 1950 had she seen our Joe suddenly going to the dogs. He used to spend

I sought one word to guide my heart his nights hunting for the boy, and

That crystallized this perfect life, he paid out hundreds of dollars

To temper happiness, to chart making good the damages done by

The buffetings of toil and strife. the boy and his associates.

"It was two years ago last fall

Could it be majesty or power, that the gang took a car from the

Or friendliness or sympathy, curb in front of the Coop store one

Or courage equal to the hour, night and went over to Granville,

Compassionate divinity?

which is across the state line, you "In the beginning was the Word..."know. There they got some whis-

/ read the record; heaven above key, and while coming back about

Had known that Jesus would be heard three o'clock in the morning they

And symbolized by one word, "Love."ran into the car of some tourists

who were camped by the road "We had asked Benson to take declared to me, 'and it's our duty to about a mile east of town. A woman over the M Man group in Mutual save him.'

and a child who were sleeping in and, although school had been go- "I was amazed at the things he the car were rather seriously hurt, ing but a little over a month, he told me about the boy, and still was as were also Donald and one of the had contact with every boy in town unwilling to give up my prejudices.

other boys. within their homes. When that I reminded Benson that the boy had

"The three boys of the gang who affair happened he knew more picked up with those rough chaps were not injured walked back to about Hank Gibbs'boy than all the from the South almost as soon as

Granville and somehow got out of rest of us had learned in the seven they arrived in town, and that there the country before the officers or eight years he had lived here. was an old saying about *birds of a

learned of the job. "I'll never forget the night Benfeather.'

"Donald and his companion were, son came to see me. It was the "'The fact that he took up with

of course, arrested, and things night before the boy's case was to them is no proof at all of any looked pretty serious for them. The come up for final hearing. I'm sure natural criminal instincts,'Benson

other boy was nearly twentyone I have never felt so chagrined and insisted. 'Any normal boy is greand Donald only seventeen, so they unworthy of my position in my garious—he likes to be with others

tried them separately. When the life. of his own age. It was the most

older boy was sentenced to a term "'Bishop,'Benson said, we've got natural thing in the world that he in the penitentiary, people began to save that boy. He's not a criminal should fall in with them when they

to say that if the judge would only any more than your Joe is. He's a showed him a little friendliness.

send Donald to the reform school victim of—I suppose I shouldn't say Perhaps I ought not to say it, bishfor a few years (since the rest of prejudice—but I wonder if you or op, but those youngsters are not so

the gang had skipped), the comanyone in your ward really know much to blame for Donald McKell's munity might breathe easy again. the boy. He's been denied all the delinquency as you people right

"During the preliminary hearing normal social contacts a boy ought here in Banak are.'Benson got all

and the time between that and the to have because his grandfather is warmed up as he explained some trial, old man Gibbs went about a gentile,—at least that's as I underthings to me from a psychological

like a wild man, declaring that stand the matter—though I may, of viewpoint that I had never sensed

Donald had been led into the course, be mistaken.'Benson paused before."

trouble by the older boys, and that to give me a chance to tell him he At this point Bishop Whiting sat if there was any justice in the law was mistaken, but I couldn't. long, looking into space; I had to

they wouldn't make a criminal of "Then he told me about the boy—remind him that he hadn't finished

him by sending him up and brandhis loneliness and the different the story.

ing him for life. But most everyone ways he had tried to substitute "The hearing—they had the hearin town had some grudge against things in his life to take the place ing, I suppose?"

the old man and thought this of the things we selfrighteous "Oh—yes, yes,"the bishop anserved him right for the way he had folks had denied him. We had swered, coming out of his reverie

made other people suffer. rather restrained our children when with a start. "First, though, I went

"It's strange, isn't it,"the bishop they wanted to play with him. We with Benson to see the boy—they

stopped to philosophize, "how blind hadn't welcomed him into the orhad him there in jail. It was just

our prejudices can make us? Not ganizations of the Church. He had dusk when we went, and he looked

one of us was thinking of the boy been shunned merely because he so little and lonely in that bare cell—

and what this was going to do to was Gentile Gibbs'boy. So he had and his head and one arm still

him. We were all rather gloating built birdhouses in his grandbandaged. Well, I felt extremely

over the fact that, after all, Gentile father's orchard, and had collected guilty for the things we hadn't tried

Gibbs was getting what he demoths and butterflies and studied to do for the boy. I had never noserved. It took a stranger to see and written up their habits, and ticed before how much his eyes

Donald's side of the affair and to had made a little aquarium out in were like his Grandmother Callisshow us what an unChristian lot the barn, and had collected quite a ter's, and I couldn't help thinking we had been. That stranger was library of government bulletins on what if it had been our Joe—in a

Hal Benson,—you know him, our a dozen different subjects. place where nobody cared any

seminary teacher who was new that ''Why, Donald is the most intermore than we had cared.

year. esting lad in this town,'Benson "When we left the jail, we went

Era, November 1970 37 expect*We in time to have branches of this bank all over the Territory.

BRIGHAM YOUNG as recorded in the millenial star xxxv. oct. 3, ws

Brigham Young was right! Zions Bank

branches now stretch across Utah, from

St. George to Centerville (with 10 new

offices added in the past 9 months).

Brigham Young organized Zions Savings Bank nearly one more branch offices have been added just since January.

hundred years ago as a service for all the citizens of Utah. But the real story is told in deposits. As Brigham Young

He did this, he said, so they could enjoy "the advantages of a proposed, Utahns have carried their savings dollars into Zions higher rate of interest."During the 1960's the original three twentyfive branches until deposits now approach a staggering

Pioneer banks blossomed into fifteen, and, remarkably, ten total of nearly $300 million dollars.

Meet the 24 directors of Zions First National Bank

S. LEE President ZCMIH.DepartmentBENNETTStore ChairmanFRED FredA. ACARLES0NCarleson Pontiac President.FRANCISMadsen A.FurnitureMADSENCompany WILLARDPresident. of JUDSONVice theB. Board S. Co JOSEPHPresident.of TheFIELDINGLatterChurchday Saintsof JesusSMITHChrist HAROLD SAYREheNorgeBoardDivision PresidentCommitteeROYand ZionsW.ChairmanSIMMONSFirst R.JViceTrust ofNationalthe ExecutiveBank ZionsFormer GrantSMITHPresidentCompany SavingsExecutiveHeberBank & Corporationtheof l HAROLDChairmanFirstChristPresidency.of Latter BorgWarnerChairmanChairmanof The SaintsChurch Former Member.of Jesus day

AABERG L. DELBERT Church Eastman HatchHATCH& Company JOSEPHManagingandDirectorExplorationE. BERN0LF0,BambergerCompanyInvestmentJR. Member.of JesusEZRACouncilChristofT.ottheLatterdayBENSONTwelve. TheSaints Formerand STAPLEYTheSaintsChurch President.GUS P.UtahBACKMANHotel Company LatterdayTwelve. Member.of JesusCouncilChristof ofthe General& TelegraphManager Co. President.J. EASTMAN PresidentDONALDAssociatedand GeneralFoodP. LLOYDStoresManager. ChairmanVIRGILBeneficialFinanceLifeH.SMITHInsuranceCommittee.Co MountainVice PresidentERICStates TelephoneC

Co. RENDELLAttorneyN. MABEY Division WALLACEZions ViceFirstPresidentH.NationalGARDNERBank GREGORYAustin Realty & ConstructionE. AUSTIN RegionalB.OilManager.REDMONDCompany GeneralKennecottJOHNManager.CopperP. O'KEEFEUtahCorporation President.HENRYGraniteW. FurnitureRICHARDSCompany Member.of JesusHUGHCouncilChristofB.oftheLatterdayBROWNTwelve. TheSaintsChurch Member.GORDONof JesusCouncilChristofB.oftheLatterHINCKLEYTwelve.day TheSaintsChurch TERENCEAmerican

e zions FIRST NATIONAL With 25 offices throughout Utah to better serve you.

Member FederalBANKDeposit Insurance Corporation

FOUNDED BY BRIGHAM YOUNG—1873

to see Hank Gibbs and to talk become known, that Donald was things over with him. I dreaded going to become a member of the

that—he had been so wild at first Church, brought about half the

and he hated everybody in Banak—town out. The time set was four

or at least we thought he did. But o'clock. Everybody was wondering

the sight of the old fellow, huddled how old man Gibbs would take it—

in a corner of the untidy kitchen, and whether he knew or not. Hewas even more pathetic, if possible, had rarely been seen on the streets on your

than the sight of the boy had been. or in places of business all winter. subscription to

always trying Heretofore been his it had was all hope and had lostHe his of afternoons to the himself resign custom to spend on BYU STUDIESto the loss only thing in the world he loved. the street corners or in front of the by ordering,

"When we had really convinced post office or stores, railing at the old man that we were genuinely things in general, but at the Church interested in the boy and wanted to and Church officials in particular.

see that the best thing possible was Naturally there was considerable done for him, the old fellow broke excited speculation as to how he down and cried like a baby. would take Donald's baptism. Ideal Gift

"Well, the outcome was that "The children were baptized The quarterly, BYU Studies, is vital for

Donald was given a year's susfirst, and Benson was just going thoseinto thewantingChurchto—gainpast,greaterpresent,insightand

pended sentence but was paroled to into the water to officiate for Donfuture. The rich supplemental material

Benson. ald when a suppressed whisper ran about the gospel of Jesus Christ is

"Benson persuaded him to come through the crowd that Gibbs was inspiring,subscriptionsfactual,will receiveand thorough.a gift card.All gift

back to school, and with the supcoming. We all looked up the road,

port of the other boys and what and sure enough, the old man on little help I could give him, finally his sorrel mare was hurrying togot Donald to feeling that he was ward us. There was a tense silence.

a member of the community and Instinctively we all felt sure that not a pariah. He began by taking he had heard about Donald and

part in school activities; then he was coming to interfere—not that

started to come to Sunday School he had made any fuss about Donand Mutual. Before the winter was ald's activities during the winter as

over he was one of the most active far as we knew, but we took it for members of the M Man group. The granted his changed attitude was

result was that in the spring just due to gratitude that the boy hadn't before school was out he came to been sent to the reform school and

Benson one day and said he wanted consequently didn't openly resent Takecurrentadvantage$5 subscriptionof the savings.will applyTheuntil

to be baptized. anything Benson thought best for January. Rates will be increased to $7

"Talk about dramatic incidents in the boy. The fact that he had rarely in 1971. Save $2 a year by ordering now!

NOW stories,"the bishop went on after been seen all winter made the sight One Year $ 5.00 $ 7.00

another pause. "You don't read of him now seem critical, to say the TwoThreeYearsYears $12.00$ 9.00 $12.00$16.00

things much more dramatic than least.

what we had right here in Banak "Donald was the only one in the BRIGHAM YOUNG the day Donald was baptized. We crowd who did not become excited UNIVERSITY PRESS

don't have a font, but do our bap-—that is, the only one except BenBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PRESS

tizing down in the reservoir below son, who with his back to the road, 205PUBLICATIONUPB SALES town. Saturday afternoon, the last as he walked into the water, hadn't PR0V0, UTAH 84607

of May, had 'been set apart for seen Gibbs approaching. PLEASEONE YEARSEND $5.00SUBSCRIPTIONQ TWOFORYEARSBYU STUDIES$7.00

baptisms. A large group of chil- "When he asked Donald if he THREE YEARS $9.00

dren were ready for the ordinance, was ready and the boy answered ORGIFTRECEIPTSUBSCRIBERSOF ORDERWILL RECEIVE A GIFT CARD since no baptizing had been done affirmatively, we all held our during the winter months. That, breath, for the grandfather wasn't NAME

together with the fact, which had more than half a dozen rods away. ADDRESS

CITY

STATE ZIP

Era, November 1970 39 We expected any second to hear For a moment there wasn't a sound how hard he is trying to make up to him belch forth a stream of proor a movement. Then Hank Gibbs the Church and to the Lord for

fanity and forbid the ceremony. turned to me and said: those years of hatred. And his

"Donald walked to Benson's side "'Bishop, do you think—God pride in Donald—"

and Benson was just ready to begin would—be insulted if—I were to be The bishop was interrupted by

when Gibbs rode up by me and got a part of the Church again?'the opening of the outside door. To

off his horse. In my fear of what "Since that time he hasn't missed my surprise the little browneyed

was going to happen and in my a meeting, and he's paid enough girl of the choir came in.

effort to decide what I should do tithing to make up for years and "Brother Jones, this is my daughwhen the outburst came, I failed to years of negligence, and he can't ter,"the bishop said, and as I look at him. do enough when it comes to constepped forward to shake hands

"But no outburst came. Donald tributing to ward maintenance and with the girl, he asked:

was baptized! helping the poor or those in trouble. "Did Donald tell you, Ruth, that

"Then I turned my eyes to Hank I have been hearing all week from he received his call for a mission

Gibbs and received the surprise of different widows in town that sacks today?"

a lifetime. The old man was standof flour have been left on their "Oh, yes,"the girl answered, a

ing there with his hat off and his doorsteps during the last month. I deeper pink flushing her pretty

head bowed. His face was working know the one who has been doing face, "and he's so thrilled about it."

pitifully. When Donald stepped all this is Hank Gibbs. Only yesThe light that shone in the girl's

upon the bank, the grandfather terday he made arrangements for brown eyes set me to dreaming of seized both his hands and bent over Nellie Snyder to go to the hospital another chapter that would doubthim. for an operation she has been needless be added to the story of Gentile

"We all stood there watching. ing for years. It's pathetic to see Gibbs'boy. O

Elder Orson F.

Whitney, member of Elect of Elohim the Council of the Twelve (19061931) From Canto Three of Elder Orson F. Whitney's "Elias"

March 1929

He wandered through the faithless world, Beheld him unresisting dragged,

A prince in shepherd guise; Forsaken, friendless, lone,

He called his scattered flock, but few To halls where darkbrowed hatred sat

The voice could recognize; On judgment's lofty throne.

For minds upborne by hollow pride,

Or dimmed by sordid lust, Transfixt he hung,—O crime of crimes!—

Ne'er look for kings in peasant garb, The God whom worlds adore.

For diamonds in the dust. "FatherImmanuel—noforgive them!"more. Drained the dregs;

O bane of damning unbelief! No more where thunders shook the earth,

Thou source of lasting strife! Where lightnings thivart the gloom,

Thou stumbling stone, thou barrier thwart Saw that unconquered spirit spurn

The gates of endless life! The shackles of the tomb.

O love of self, and mammon lust,

Twin portals to despair, Farflashing on its wings of light,

Where bigotry, the blinded bat, A falchion from its sheath,

Flaps through the midnight air! It cleft the realms of darkness, and

Dissolved the bands of death.

Through these, gloomwrapt Gethsemane! Hell's dungeon burst, wide open swung

Thy glens of guilty shade The everlasting bars,

Grieved o'er the sinless Son of God, Whereby the ransomed soul shall ivin

By goldbought kiss betrayed; Those heights beyond the stars.

40 Era, November 1970 HERITAGE HILLS

r*v BOPOSED DEVELOPMENT A beautiful mountain setting with trees, brooks, and wildlife, Heritage Hills is more than land, it is an opportunity to invest in the future for yourself and your family. Heritage Hills is

within minutes of Provo and an easy drive to Salt Lake City.

HhMIMHMH

BROKERS WELCOME

Both offerings at WHOLESALE PRICES!

FIRST OFFERING SECOND OFFERING i

Available Now! Ready Soon HER1TAGE HILLS

1 p 0. Box 603

1 p'rovo, Utah 84601 - brochure 20 ACRE PARCELS 5 ACRE PARCELS * 1 jssisK:"

5 acre divisions will be offered in the im mediate future. Contact us right now and $600 be included on our rapidly growing

per acre priority list! Don't hesitate... only a

and up limited number of sites will be available.

GENEROUS TERMS

Resident Broker BUSHNELL REAL ESTATE, Inc. P.O. Box 603 Provo, Utah 84601 Telephone (801) 3736650

to Threego—forgreatstudentnew waysand BYU'sgoin'your way in'71

adult adventurers of all incomes, all interests

Discovery Adventures

It's high time for travel with BYU..."righton"

trips at "righton"rates EUROPE ON A SHOESTRING July 19August25$975* EUROPE IN A NUTSHELL June16JulyBYU Alumni Special11 $995'

EUROPE WITH BYU June 15August4$1795"ACCENT ON INDIA October 2-29 $1960'EUROPE: GRAND TOUR

June 23August 5 $2195* ROUND THE WORLD August 10September 12 $2395"ISLAND INTERLUDE July 22August 4 $598'"OPERATION MIDNIGHT SUN May29July 16 $595'BYU HITS BROADWAY November 2430 $482*

Study Abroad

Adventures Semesters and summers abroad—you'll

love learning, with travel as your "tutor SEMESTER IN SALZBURG January 28June 9 $1399* SEMESTER IN GRENOBLE January 28June 9 $1399* SEMESTER IN MADRID January 28June 9 $1399"SUMMER IN MEXICO June 18August21 $697* SUMMER(EnglishDrama)IN LONDON July 19August25$995* SUMMER(EnvironmentalIN LONDONDesign

July 19August25 $1555'SUMMER(Interior Design)IN LONDON

July 19August25 $995* SUMMER IN HAWAII July 22August** 12 $552*

Mormon Heritage Adventures Exciting LDSoriented adventures into our priceless past, at reasonable prices WORLD OF THE BIBLE October, March, June, from December $1 058 * WORLD OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH July 22August 1 $499'OUR BRITISH ANCESTORS:

ain genealogicalGreat Britain adventure

July19August25$775* Our Scandinavian Ancestors SCANDINAVIAN OUR ANCESTORS: in Semester Salzburg

in Semester Grenoble a genealogical adventure in Sweden, in Semester Madrid Norway, Finland and Denmark, in Mexico Summer $1175* July 19August 25 in Hawaii Summer in London rjrOperation Summer(Environmental Sun design) ("*) Hils MidnightBroadway or City 'from Provo Lake of y) BYUWorld Summer(Interior'City York SaltNew indesign)Londonin thetheBible of World Prophet Joseph London Summer C)''from* Francisco from Angeles or San Los British Ancestors Our (EnglishDrama)

EPHHODDsmmOF THEDID CHURCH.FOR THE WOMAS-;

,h waytatftWH&tor;tmm'

What Joseph Smith Did for theWomanhood of the Church

By Susa Young Gates

(18561933), founder of the Young Woman's Journal

One hundred years permits an nineteenth century, when Joseph ing anywhere in public life. Yet,

observer a fairly accurate perspecwas born, the full education of socially women had far more optive by which to measure the girls was unknown. They were alportunities and privileges than

history and character of those who lowed, not very graciously, to ateducationally, politically, or rebegan life at the beginning of that tend school when the boys were ligiously, for the way from the period. And although hundreds of away at work. But the same violent drawing room led often into minor

years will be necessary in which to opposition to every phase of the powers in state affairs.

tell the tale of the greatness and woman's question was then cenReligiously—that is, among the

majesty of the man Joseph Smith, tered on the ultraliberal idea of sects—the position of woman was

yet we can arrive at some measure permitting girls to acquire any more than subordinate. The Quakof the truth in this comparatively learning but the polite arts of readers were the only ones who acshort time. ing and writing, and perhaps a knowledged in any way the right

What his life and mission did for smattering of French and music, of woman's voice to be raised men, for science, for philosophy, with embroidery and fine sewing. within church walls.

for life in its fullest and deepest More than this, declared preachers Therefore, when a young and sense, others may consider; but the and teachers, came of the devil. In fearless prophet arose who proinquiry now and here to be anthe early part of the century, a claimed, as a first foundation prinswered is, what did his life and female seminary was opened. But ciple, that women should have the

mission mean to the womanhood of even then, such strong meat as religious franchise, and that all the Church, and, therefore, to the mathematics or science was deemed things should be done with "comwomen of the world? heretical to suggest as food for mon consent,"one need not wonder

First of all, what was the condibrains of delicate girls. at the horror that his announcetion of women, socially, politically, Socially, women were just emergment created.

and religiously, in 1830, when the ing from the long, dark traditions In the year 1830, in July, the

Church was organized? of the Crusades, the monasteries, Prophet received a revelation conIn answering this, it should be and the later straitlaced Puritan cerning his wife Emma, and in it

known that at the beginning of the prejudices against woman appearwere instructions and powers that

Era, November 1970 43 extended to all the daughters of we repay this debt, this obligahis grave in the battle with death

God's kingdom. tion? Only by love and loyalty to and hell, holding that banner aloft

Herein she was told to "walk in him, and obedience to the princias he chanted a hymn to God and the paths of virtue before me,"to ples which he taught. Christ! We thank God that our

"lay aside the things of this world, We remember that which is coneyes may still see, our ears still and seek the things for a better."stantly before our eyes, within the hear, and our lips still speak the

She was to "be ordained under his hearing of our ears, and upon our praises of our "prophet, priest, and [Joseph Smith's] hand to expound lips in speech. The memory of the king."

scriptures, and to exhort the church, Savior himself might perish from In conclusion, let us give some according as it shall be given thee the earth were he not spoken of extracts from the teachings of this by my Spirit."(D&C 25:2, 10, 7.) and written about constantly. Why great man to the Woman's SoAnd what were the results? What are the scriptures so necessary to ciety, which he, under revelation

have "Mormonism"and Joseph the people's spiritual health? Befrom God, established on March 17,

Smith done for me, for my sisters—cause they tell us of God and his 1842, in Nauvoo. A perusal of the

for all women? handdealings on earth. And surely minutes, kept by the secretary,

Where would I, my sisters, my the memory of any man would Eliza R. Snow, gives a wonderful

mother, yea, all women of this speedily fade were not books writinsight into the liberality and juspeople, be if Joseph Smith had not ten, pictures painted, and monutice manifested by Joseph Smith been born, if he had not translated ments erected to keep memory toward women and womanhood.

the Book of Mormon, established green. Let young elders and bishops note

the Church, built Kirtland, Far Let us talk of Joseph Smith, the breadth and scope given to all

West, Nauvoo, consecrated temples, write about him, and love and women by the teaching of the given endowments, established honor him daily and hourly. Prophet.

commonwealths, and finally renOne key: Whenever a meeting One may learn more of a man's

dered up his own life on the altar drags, or is spiritless, let anyone attitude on any question by readof sacrifice, returning from his conget up and testify to the mission of ing what he says, himself, than by templated trip to the Rocky the Prophet Joseph Smith and see reading what others say about him.

Mountains, to go like a lamb to the how quickly light will dispel the Hence it is that the reading of the slaughter? Can you think where darkness. If a missionary in the scriptures is far more profitable

we would have been? You and I? field would have his mettle tested than reading any number of comWill your mind obey your imaginato the utmost, let him boldly testify mentaries and stories about them.

tion and picture for you what might to the truth of Joseph's message to Let us go to the fountainhead for have been and what now is? the earth and to the majesty and light:

Who would have established a power of that man. There was a The meeting was addressed,

splendid, independent woman's ortime when it took more courage to March 17, 1842, by President ganization, giving her every right testify of Christ. But now, the mere Joseph Smith, to illustrate the obto progress, advance, and grow knowledge of him is almost coverject of the society—that the society

along every true and natural line? ing the whole earth, and it is easy of the sisters might provoke the

Where would be our Relief Society, to speak of him and his refulgent brethren to good works, in looking

Mutual Improvement Associations, earth mission. Just now, the storm to the wants of the poor, searching

and the Primary, but for him? Our center of truth broods over the after objects of charity, and adminelective franchise in church and name and memory of Joseph Smith istering to their wants—to assist by

state? For Brigham Young never and his new testament of the charcorrecting the morals and strengthwould have reached the Rocky acter and power of the Savior. It is ening the virtues of the community,

Mountains, if Joseph Smith had not because Joseph Smith testifies of and save the elders the trouble of pointed the way. And if these men the Christ as he is, not as he is rebuking; that they may give their

had not come, what class of people supposed to be, that men hate him. time to other duties, etc., in their

would have come? Was not the same condition exispublic teaching. He proposed that

Think of it, every woman, young tent in Judea nineteen hundred the sisters elect a presiding officer or old; ponder it well. What debt years ago? to preside over them, and let the

do you owe Joseph Smith, the Then, up with the standard of presiding officer choose two counprophet of the living God? What truth, and honor and glory to the selors to assist in the duties of her

has he done for you? And how may standard bearer, who went down to office; that he would ordain them

44 Era, November 1970 foodslight-weight lowmoisture permapak in cost.. delilow... longlasting and vegetables fruits, fresh Choice cious!

protein foods with the moisture removed;

flavor vitamins and minerals locked in, ready

Compare consumed. when released be to

size and number the prices, and weight the those with foods of permapak servings of lowour why see You'll competitors. of our

value food best your are foods moisture at foods best of the offers more permapak lower prices!

Delicious, lightweight foods in mealpaks, individual packages or emergency kits.

(or 5 months supply for one person)—an

ideal way to start someone you love on a home storage program. TOTAL COST:

$89.95.—Average cost per meal—20C.

Kit contains:

Fruit Group 1 #10 apple nuggets 145 Vb cup servings 1 # 10 fruit galaxy 1 00 Vi cup servings 1 #10 prunes, whole pitted 70 1/3 cup servings

Vegetable Group Total 3 1 5 servings 1 # 1 potato granulated 1 60 Vi cup servings 1 # 1 vegetable stew blend 75 Vi cup servings 1 #10 tomato crystals 80 Vs cup servings

'/3 1 servings cup green peas 80 #10, 40 E. 2430 S. serv. V3 1 sliced carrots cup 93 # 10

City Salt Lake servings Total 488

Dairy Group Utah 84115 quarts milk, regular, nonfat 3% 5 # 10 per day (801)4869671

Protein Group 1 # 10 eggs, whole solids 48 2 egg servings 2 #10 beans, dry 116 V2 cup servings ERIVIAPAK 1 # 10 beef vegetable protein 40 3 oz. servings

1 # 10 ham flavored vegetable protein 40 3 oz. servings v

green splitpeas 60 #10 Va cup servings OeCo*9* to servings Total 274Grain 1 Group 14 #10 wheat, whole kernel 42.9 oz. per day \o<

2 #10 oats, rolled quick cooking 1 20 V2 cup servings

V2 1 servings cup rice, white whole gram 93 #10 servings CO \\\ Vi 1 cup 61 macaroni, elbow sco> M #10 \Supplements Total 274 servings, plus wheat vr> 3 #10 sugar, white, granulated 9.6 oz. per day

1 salt, iodized. tie #10 T. flavored zips for flavor e< oz. bacon 2

1 baking powder 241 1 Vioz. %tfy# -&.e\\<. \o<\0>e<O taoo

sufficient unit This providesExplanation: op aovp

includes (each of for a family 5 whichfood **&&&** person) 2 servings of fruit per day; 4 servings

vegetables per day; 2 8-oz. servings milk per eca

day for parents; 3 8-oz. servings milk per

day for children; 2 servings of protein foods

per day (in addition to the milk); 10 ozs.

of "grain"foods per day.

TO THE COUNTLESS WOMEN WHO HAVE SAID:

"If I could just listen to Mrs. Daryl

morning every ten minutes Hoole for to preside over the society, and let have his teachings. He exhorted

work."1 need to I boost 'd gel the do my

them preside just as the Presidency the sisters to concentrate their faith

AND TO THE MANY OTHER WOMEN preside over the Church; and if and prayers for, and place confiMRS. HOOLE'S HAVE TAKEN WHO

FOR THE they need his instructions, he will dence in, those whom God had CLASSES SERIES OF

SECOND AND THIRD TIMES... give it from time to time. appointed to honor, whom God has

"Your class was so helpful I just had to President Smith gave an initial placed at the head to lead; that we

come back for another series."donation of five dollars—a gold should arm them with our prayers;

vND TO THE OTHER WOMEN piece to commence the funds of the that the keys of the kingdom are

WHO HAVE CONFESSED: society—and said that whatever he about to be given to them.

to give has me offered "My husband gave in charity would hereafter be "You must put down iniquity, Mrs. Daryl Hoole 1 hear every time $5.00

speak,"given through this society. and by your own example provoke

He then suggested the propriety the elders to good works,"he deEVERY- iND TO HOMEMAKERS of electing a presidency to continue clared. He said that not war, not WHERE WHO SAY:

"/ need something to recharge my battery in office during good behavior, or jangle, not contradiction, but meekfrom time to time*"so long as they shall continue to ness, love, purity—these are the

Motivational Productions fill the office with dignity, like the things that should magnify us.

Incorporated First Presidency of the Church. He Evil must be brought to lightis therefore proud to introduce said that all difficulties which iniquity must be purged out; then

might and would cross our way the veil will be rent, and the blessmust be surmounted, though the ings of heaven will flow down.

soul be tried, the heart faint, and This society was to get instructions hands hang down. There must be through the order which God has

decision of character aside from established, through the medium of sympathy, and all must act in conthose appointed to lead.

cert, or nothing can be done. He Let kindness, charity, and love

said that the society should move govern your work henceforward, according to the ancient priestthe sisters were told. Don't envy

hood; hence, there should be a sinners. Have mercy on them. Let

select society from all the evils of your labors be confined mostly to the world, choice and virtuous. those around you, in your own

He said that they were going to. circles; as far as knowledge is conbe left to themselves—that they cerned, it may extend to all the

would not long have him to instruct world, but your administration them—that the Church would not should be confined to the immehave his instructions long, and the diate circle of your acquaintance,

world would not be troubled with and more especially to the memhim a great while, and would not bers of the society. O

Viewpoint By Janet Moore

September 1945 MOTIVATIONAL PRODUCTIONS INCORPORATED P. O. BOX 8433 "Poor things,"murmured Kay "Poor dears,"her mother sighed,

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84108 To Phil, as she closed the door And turned the music low,

On her parents by the fire. "They make such work of fun,

"Middle life's a bore. And often suffer so.

How one must envy youth How good to have youth past

At humdrum fortyfour."Eighteen can never know!"

<l$ook

44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111 46 Era, November 1970 hkirt<i baK fepwapdlkirt

It was in 1887, the year the Improvement Era started to realize the possibilities of the vast deposits of the publication, that an era of another type began—the meager ore.

era of the porphyry coppers.*

The rest is history. He acquired claims covering

In the previous era, 1848 to 1886, the rich surface more than 200 acres, an area that eventually beores of Bingham Canyon had been discovered, mined, came the nucleus of the world's first porphyry milled and shipped to distant centers for refining and copper mine.

All that remained was the low grade ore,marketing.

Utah's factor in a major the been Not only has mine worthless. considered minerswhich

impact worldwide a powerful but had it has economy,

Then in July of 1887, Colonel Enos A. Wall visited in that 85 percent of all copper produced today comes

the Bingham Mining District and became the first from the porphyry mines.

Kennecott Copper Corporation Utah Coppeippet Division ftM An equal opportunity employer T

'Uniform dissemination of tiny copper particles in a large mass.iass.

Florence B. Pinnock

Today's Family Editor 19591969

By Florence B. Pinnock

back at tbl f

II

On this Thanksgiving Day

Let us be thankful

for the basic things

in our lives.

... nor do you have to live with outdated Savings and Loan Services. For eyes to seeDeseret Federal Savings and Loan Associanot just television to look at;

tion offers the finest in loan services and the highest interest rates available on insured c* for ears that listensavings. not just silver to jingle;

5% on SAVINGS PASSBOOKS 5y4%-7%% on SAVINGS CERTIFICATES for minds that exploreLearn from the past... and build the future m not thoughts that imitate;

with a Savings Account at DESERET FEDERAL for friends to loveand remember... not people to use.

"Where You Save Does Make a Difference"Let us give thanks

for our precious

minds and bodies /fj*MF&tBm\ r/fM and use them mmBETFEDEBM SAVINGS*wanmmMark B. Garff, President to reach 44 South Main St. Salt Lake City 95 No. University Aw. Provo—

high.

Your Savings are now insured to $20,000.00 by a

Permanent Agency of the Federal Government.

Burl Shephard, "Today's Family"editor (194952),and managing editor How can you get of the Instructor (196570) that inspirational

Winter Salads Organ Sound 1TZZ

By Burl Shephard We all think of salads when the minced parsley, 1 tablespoon The Wurlitzer 4700 Concert garden is green. Let's not forget minceddressingonion.or mayonnaise.Serve with French Organ has all the rich resonant

them after the first frost. For the c. Chopped bell pepper, diced apvoicing. All the awe inspiring

first rule in the book for salads is ple;mayonnaise.French or fruit dressing or majesty. All the outstanding versimply this: serve them! Serve d. Shredded pineapple, chopped satility of traditional organs. But

initial nuts; mayonnaise. the extravagant without twice day. everythem a day pars- e. Quartered tomatoes, minced or expensive upkeep. cost How

basil; ley or dressing. sour cream Salads not need be elaborate, but do it? can Wurlitzer

they should feature raw fruits and Cabbage Salads With the PentaSonic System vegetables, unless your doctor proTo finely shredded cabbage add: of tone generation. A totally new

hibits their use, for in this way you a. Diced apple, chopped green pepconcept in electronic organ

insure your family a protective supper, slivered almonds; mayontonal design. Five separate diviply of lifegiving elements of the b. y2naise.cup each grated carrots, beets, sions including separate Pedal

soil in their natural state. A single and chopped celery to each cup and Upper Ranks divisions. And

raw vegetable may be served as a onionof cabbage;to taste;choppedFrenchparsleydressing.and they stay separate. There's no

"finger salad"without dressing at c. Diced pineapple, banana slices, "borrowing"or "unification."

one meal. Try carrot sticks, onion cutfruitmarshmallows;dressing. mayonnaise or Just a smooth, sonorous range

slices, cauliflower sections, green d. Celery or dill seeds, or chopped from the deep Pedal tones to the

pepper rings, cucumber fingers, dilldressing.pickle; mayonnaise or French softestbrilliantwhisperUpper Ranks.to the Fromsplendorthe

celery stalks, turnip or cabbage of full ensemble.

wedges, and apple sections ( eat the Apple Salads Immense in its scope of

Fruit apples, Medley:peelings too). oranges, Cube horiwith and voices, almost endless

pineapple. a spoonful of minced Add Rule number expression, the Wurlitzer zons of two is: save the cranberries or a few pomegranate seeds

vitamins! Don't soak your salad for color. Banana dressing or honey Concert Organ will create the

vegetables in a pan of water, and French dressing may be used. exact mood to support any segdon't prepare the salad an hour Fruit Sections: Alternate sections of ment of your worship service.

ahead of time and let it stand at tionsunpeeledon redbed appleof lettucewith grapefruitor romaine.secWhile providing a quantity and

room temperature. Salads are best Sprinkle with lemon juice and honey quality of sound possible only

mixture, or top with mayonnaise. Gar with organs costing thousands just before serving.prepared nish with dates. chopped more. three: the salad might And rule

wisely be served before the main Banana Dressing course as it is more certain to be Place a ripe banana in a bowl and mash with fork until perfectly smooth. Add

eaten when the appetite is keen, salad oil, a little at a time, beating contaste, to juice lemon Add andespecially by children. Also, it helps stantly.

until stirring thick. corn, more oil, (Use

to prevent overeating of other foods peanut, cottonseed, or soybean oil for and thus helps to control the waistvariety.)

line. By the same token, a rich Peanut Butter Dressing

fruit salad is better served after the Slowly add 4 tablespoons cool water main course because were it served, and 1 tablespoon lemon juice to 1 earlier its high satiety value might tablespoonstantly to preventpeanut lumps.butter, Astirringtablespoonconlead to refusal of other foods, pareach of finely minced onion and parsWURLflZER

ticularly by growing children. dressing.ley will improve the taste of the has thewag

Carrot Salads Honey French Dressing Wurlitzer,DeKalb, IllinoisDept. 60115IE-1 170

for carrots the familyShred enough oil tablespoons salad 3 Please on my free booklet send mesalad add: and tablespoons 2 lemon Wurlitzer juice the ORGAN CONCERT

1 raisins. tablespoon honey a. Serve or whole Ground 4700. MODEL

dressing, babutter with peanut nana dressing, or whipped cream. Beat well together, or shake in a bottle. Name

to taste. This excellent dressis an b. celery to each Salt chopped y2 cup

ing for salads. of green tossed tablespoons carrots, 2 cup Q Position.

ChurchAddress- Era, November 1970 49 City.State..Zip.

Elder John A.

Widtsoe, member of the Council of Volume 42, May 1939 the Twelve (19211952) and editor Evidences and of the Improvement reconciliations

Era (19351952) Does the Church Have a Monopoly of Truth?

By Elder John A. Widtsoe

Such a question reflects a comThere are higher kinds of truth, However, the gospel is operated plete misapprehension of the claims such as pertain to human conduct, on earth under the authority of the of the restored Church of Christ. that is, to man's manner of using Lord. He placed man on earth

A monopoly of truth would mean the gifts of knowledge that have and gave him the gospel. He has

the possession of all available truth come to him; truths that concern watched over the children of men

and the exclusion of those not in the God of heaven and man's relathroughout the ages of time and the Church from participation in tionship to his divine Father; truths reestablished his church from time

the possession or benefits of truth. that explain the mystery of the past, to time as the apostasy of man

Nothing could be further from reveal the purpose of the present, made it necessary. To the care of

the teachings of the Church. It has and foretell the future destiny of the Church the gospel has been

been taught from the days of the man; truths that enable man, if he committed with his authority, called

Prophet Joseph Smith that the light but uses them, to approach, forthe priesthood. Only the church

of truth enlightens every man born ever, the likeness of God. possessing this authority is the cominto the earth. All who seek truth This latter kind of truth forms the plete Church of Christ, and there

may find it, whether in or out of plan of salvation as set forth in the can be but one.

the Church. Those who seek eargospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. The Church of Jesus Christ of

nestly for truth in libraries, laboraThe gospel is a product of the mind Latterday Saints possesses the tories, or open nature will be and will of the Lord. It teaches truth relative to the true gospel of

rewarded from the inexhaustible that a divine purpose runs through the Lord Jesus Christ, the one difountain of truth. The author of the universe, encompassing every vine plan of salvation, and the

truth is generous. The Church fact, law, and principle, and enlivauthority to officiate in God's name

urges that in every clime, by all ening all the works of nature. Thus in the upbuilding of the Church of

men, at all times, the search for the gospel in its fullness becomes Christ.

truth be continued; for as truth the structure or house of truth, into There is but one gospel; there

multiplies among men, human joys which all truth may be fitted. As can be but one priesthood; there is

may increase. the home of truth, the gospel claims but one church which encompasses

However, there are many kinds all truth and places all truth in its the whole truth of the gospel.

of truth. Some truths concern themproper place and position with reIn that sense only does the Church

selves with the physical laws despect to the present and future claim to possess the full fundatermining the conditions of earth welfare of man. mental truth, call it monopoly if

and the heavens, and by which The truths of the gospel, as all you choose, necessary for full salthings move and operate. That is other truths, are available to all vation in the celestial kingdom of

valuable knowledge, which has mankind. Indeed, perhaps all men God. This the Church does humgiven humanity many of its material possess a part of this basic knowlbly and gratefully, keenly sensible

and intellectual blessings. The disedge for their great comfort. Cerof its high commission and vast

covery of such truths has called tainly in every church professing responsibility to lead all mankind into being our present civilization, God there is some of this higher into a fullness of the knowledge which gives light and comfort to truth. That is the doctrine of the leading to eternal progression in the

the humblest home. Latterday Saints. presence of the Lord. O

50 Era, November 1970 '*"%.

**+y V&2 m

t n i? &2* *\ **?

A

7H/S7S '.

COUNTRY contentions that mark the end of the second centuryMYIn the war of words and of the United States of America, Bonneville International Corporation stands committed to preserve the values of permanency, human dignity, and individual responsibility that made our Nation's birth meaningful.

"This Is My Country", a public service program broadcast on 937 radio stations in the United States, was winner of the George Washington Honor Medal from Freedoms

Foundation at Valley Forge... A burst of past glory... A glimpse of a proud future.

Of each community served by a Bonneville station, we are proud to say—

"THIS IS MY COUNTRY".

Salt Lake City (KSLAM-FMTV). Seattle (KIROAMFMTV).

Los Angeles (KBIGAM-FM), Kansas City (KMBZ/KMBR),

Skokie/Chicago (WRSVFM), New York (WRFM. WNYW Shortwave)

BONNEVILLE INTERNATIONAL CORP.

136 East South Temple. Suite 2030. Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

The Elder Richard L. Evans

of the Council of the Twelve Editor, 19361949, Managing Spoken Word EraEditor, 19501970

SelfSearching March 1951

tales "Believe says: that is a proverb, an enemy's from no

believe Theretongue."But of perhaps our examination can own we

ourselves. And so, let's do a, bit of selfsearching on a series of

subjects: If you were choosing someone you had to trust, could you

trust yourself? Would you like to meet yourself when you are in

trouble? Would you like to be at your own mercy? If other men didn't

put locks on their homes, on their barns, on their banks, would you ever walk in where you knew you had no right to walk? If there were

no accounts, no courts, no jails, no disgrace—would you ever take

what you knew you had no right to take? Would you serve a man

without influence as fairly as you would a man with influence? Would

you pay a person as fair a price for something he was forced to sell as for something he didn't have to sell? Would you honor an unwritten

agreement as honestly as if it were written? If you found a lost article

that no one else could possibly know you had found, would you try to return it or would you put it in your own pocket? Would you compromise on a question of right or wrong? Do you talk as well of your

friends when they aren't around as when they are? If you made a mistake, would you admit it, or would you pretend to be right even when

you knew you were wrong? Could you be trusted as well away from

home as you could where you are known? Do you think the world owes

you a living, or do you honestly know that you should work for what you want? Do you make an earnest effort to improve your performance?

Do you try to get the job done, or have you been loafing along for fear you were doing too much? Would you hire yourself? Would you

like to work for yourself? If you were your own partner, could you

trust yourself? If your partner were to die, would you treat his family

as fairly as if he were alive? If he lost his health, would you still deal

with him not only justly but also generously? Let's look again, inside

out: Would you like to work for yourself? Would you like to live with

yourself? This is admittedly a severe scorecard. But sometimes it's a

good thing to turn ourselves inside out and look at ourselves as honestly as if we were someone else.

Domestic Diplomacy

May 1962 Public relations, socalled, have come to be important to both Pure elegance of line, cut and design, this individualsand organizations—that is, the impression—the"image"

Special Session Dress is beautifully tradi-—with which we are, in other minds, inseparably associated.

tional with lace yoke and cuffs. Expressly Merchants, manufacturers, professional men, and many others learn

created for both slender and full figures. the importance of these impressions. All this is readily recognized in

free. flowing belted or Wear newly Admany relationships of life. And it would seem that this should also

.. lace collar justable zipper. hidden back

... slash pockets. 100% Nylon tricot and be as readily recognized, or more so, at home, with those we love

lace. P,S,M,L,XL. No. SSD-E. and live with in the closest of all associations—with those who mean

Matching Slip. 30 the most. Are not those who belong to us, and to whom we belong,

not the most formal side, $22.00 4044to 38.#6245X#6245 $10.00$12.00 entitled to see the better side of ourselves—

perhaps, but the most understanding and considerate side; to hear

our thanks, to know of our interest, share our confidences; to give

Your See Local and take, and be accommodated even at our own inconvenience? Are Le Voy's Consultant

or Mail Check or M.O. they not entitled to see us groomed and pleasant and personable; to

Postpaid in U.S.A.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

receive pleasant replies, and to know, and hear, and feel our gratitude and love and loyalty? Sometimes it might be well to ask ourselves what it wouid'be like not to be able to go home—not to have

a place in the family circle—not to have a sense of belonging—not

to know that there are some who share our sorrows and successes or who feel a personal responsibility, as if we were personally a part of them. God has given us no greater blessing than that of belonging to

a loving and loyal family, of having a home, a place where we are welcome and understood, free from fear of being unkindly quoted; a

place where all our interests are sincerely considered and served. Surely

such a place deserves the best of all we can give—deserves to see and

hear the better side of ourselves, and to receive from us a fair share of service in all the thousand things it takes to keep it going. Home

deserves our consideration, our appreciation, our help, and a faithful, pleasant performance on our part. "God Bless Our Home"is a motto

that once appeared on many walls. And he will bless it, and us, if we

bless each other and serve and live and share in love and loyalty.

Home is, or can be—should be—the nearest thing we have to a heaven

on earth.

Saving your marriage...

November 1969 and over this truth keeps recurring—that marriage and aOverhappy home are the basis of a stable society and a full and happy

life. But one of the disillusionments of life is that something once

so precious, so promising, could turn, at times, to such incompatibility and even enmity. "For a couple who have basked in the sunshine of

each other's love, to stand by and see the clouds of misunderstanding and discord obscure the lovelight of their lives, is tragedy indeed."1

Part of the answer runs along some lines from Dr. Hubert Howe: "Why

don't people know how to stay happily married?"he asked. "... What

changes so sharply?... Men and women, anguished, broken, beseech

for some way to rescue the hopes with which they set out... hopes

so vivid, so sacred,... somebody to tell it to, somebody to do it for,

somebody that needs you, somebody that shares.... What led up to

these alleged grounds? Countless petty clashes,... failures to understand... selfishness... [failure to be definite and responsible in

matters of money]... the habit of secrecy... lack of common interests

[and activities],... Let this drifting apart keep on, and you'll be di-

... spirit in if not in court. vorced the [Avoid] of drabness.. growth.. PLEATED

level to sink the conversation dreary Don't let your anger, of complaint, YOKE SHEATH selfpity.... Don't neglect the tact, politeness... compliments... with

which you started out. Don't let down.... And if you catch yourself $20.00

brooding on the fact that you've failed to find a perfect mate, just walk up to the mirror and demand, 'Am / the perfect mate?'Ask yourOur exclusive, elegant, mattefinish

accented with sheer, self over and over, insistently: 'Am / contributing my share, as a parttricot design—

ner, to home and happiness?'"2 Whatever the cause, whatever it permanent pleats at yoke and sleeves.

requires, when two people of honor and honesty, of character and Exquisite with pleated accessories.

common sense, have committed themselves to marriage, saving a home, White, 100% Nylon Tricot. Dripdry.

a family, is worth all the effort. "Winning a love once is not enough. P, S, M, L. #SSD-D.

Keep rewinning it.... In the last analysis, it's up to you to save your 4044Matching#6245XSlip. $12.0030 to 38. #6245. $10.00

marriage.">"

Mail Check or M.0.

2'DavidHubertO.S. McKay,Howe, M.D.,generalas quotedconferenceby Sarahaddress,Comstock,April 4, "Can't1969 I Save My Marriage,"Good Housekeeping, January 1935. PostpaidPhone: 4873621in U.S.A.

2511 S.W. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115

Era, November 1970 53

GIFTS OF

LIVING SOUND

EXTRALONG

PLAYNEW! 1 2/s

Complete.

TwoRecord Album.

NOW only $6.98

Also available in new 16% speed, tworecord albums:

BOOK OF MORMON 16 records-8 albums @ $6.98 each

DOCTRINE & COVENANTS 10 records—5 albums @ $6.98 each

NEW TESTAMENT 12 records—6 albums @ $6.98 each

LEARN AND TEACH THE GOSPEL this pleasant, easy way. Use Reference Guide furnished with

album. Crossreferenced with band on record.

Credit Card Terms Available Preston Nibley OTHER assistant(18841966),Churchformer

INSPIRATIONAL GIFT IDEAS Historian

BOOK OF MORMON Goldvinyl edition.

records 35 LP Improvement Era in 2 Albums. 33V3 J$57.50

DOCTRINE & COVENANTS 17Record Album. 33% JOO 95

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE OR 4- Record Album. m J1Q

NEW TESTAMENT 33% 26 Records. 2 Albums.. $44.95

BIBLE STORIES 33/3 c;;-z.

Fully dramatized. Musical Each $1.99

backgrounds. 8 Records &1A AC

(16 stories) SET.... 3 It.93 Volume 29, December 1925

Many albums and speeches available on casette tapes Brigham Young

THE JOSEPH SMITH STORY Like walking in Nauvoo prophet. with the

records. Single L.P. $3.98 By Preston Nibley

JESSIE EVANS SMITH SINGS Arriving in Nauvoo from Engsonal affairs. The Prophet Joseph

Sacred Songs land, Brigham Young at once Smith was no doubt aware of the

Square On Temple Sermons in Song 33% $3.98 each became active in the affairs of the sacrifices he had made, for I find

Church. The labor that he loved this entry made in Brigham's jourhe so often expressed it, in later home: See your record dealer or H was "building up the kingdom,"as nal, nine days after he arrived

years. It was only in spare time, "President Smith called on me

when the Church did not demand at my house, when he received

RECORDINGS INC. him, that he looked after his perthe following revelation: 'Dear

1470 So. State St. Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone: 801 - 4871096 54

and wellbeloved brother, Brigham

Young, verily thus saith the Lord unto you: My servant Brigham, it

is no more required at your hand to leave your family as in times DESIDERATA past, for your offering is acceptable

to me. "m Only $1 & 'I have seen your labor and toil in journeying for my name. Deafeata The timeless and

"'I therefore command you to o placicUty cmiJ tS* ori t Met* t rmjaiW beautiful

tntrt in pwce as sfapj. mafx mpt %fa abroad, and wordsend my "Desiderata"hand take possroroitwit Ixai tmenja

ji"c rB?itf\ iT tooJfetw l

ailpaw)6. Opmttunjouroiik r Vetocare ofespecial your family from lettered by

listo) tljt arjd to oti}s, dufaqi euw es this time, henceforth and forever. Patterson, Thomas

J amressiw are wxatisxp pataje,tW

tfje spit. '-'j\ faxLto ampare wiJjAmen.'"(D&C.126.) Calligrapher,

ottyjrs, upu nMUMccnyiJ upu ydn yfm$i, fete; j ct

The permission to devote some ttajjs VtfXt ink reato fr faeer ptrwt) tfjan and elegantly time to his family was no doubt it) 'Jpur (wq caw, (ktokot fjinfli; it6 4 vayxt&stfy in tfy crajciJKxJtrlithographed in

very welcome to him. During his tuqttojta)!.tricWuj. at tjsraNIk tip t)ctanttovtnypur66yi ypu tofusiwssnwt virtu;b;tetfyretfc*; wfojuujrtmuxreotis black and gold on

his familyabsence in England parch- "Egyptian"tjctjrajp ajfetio). had &>periajycb fc crofcafata* Neityr

!> iwtyararjtaamt itttpimnuf<B (ok with temporarymanaged somehow size Finished few;JotrEfeaj tentjqTu ment.

eurretiaitg tff. axmwfojdffacifeucj-tfejjpara cyasfuflu t&drfv.'iJurUiKtfy apffis.y-

shelter, and on his arrival home he strogtK epirt to Klayaim sui&q msfrtut)i. Butcfctyit <Sstn 10x14 inches.

imacjijttjaf.Aai)y fero (j*i('tt\es&. ok an3 (xmjadaue wiq

found aj6crofe|C, wit t Ideal atk for framing or a urmfecn jpureA'OMadjfi Bp}3 them in very uncomfortable Vpiwff stars; tp lies tpi tfjt unkercc, to fe fc tl a rijfit trws ucu fiiw tm ofcircumstances. decoupage. tije ie fojyu,iy>&ubt untwist wfietfewtipttt i.ftttf cQar mjfo&g

He relates: asranit &f)cu0.yTwwjoreto fo, arff inyfcw jjpurfc atrxaahbo ritfit rajrcttkttc3, a+iatroa-m tfo qcciyuamypu Gerpiiw of A unique gift for

tap pjaot witf) [jpur soul.yWitt) altfe sfym, iuigir y ma\ imif, Christmas or any "On my return from England I (ijtit i6tillo.fciutiju[ttBrl3. DtanuC. &trktofcfifflj. y y

found my family living in a small -Jiaja'm oQ Saint fcwfs curc, Bcftinra; hbxl 192 occasion.

unfinished logcabin, situated on a low, wet lot, so swampy that when Copyright Patte Enterprises the first attempt was made to plow ORDER NOW! SUPPLY IS LIMITED

it the oxen mired; but after the city Patte Enterprises "I

was drained it became a valuable P. O. Box 1572, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 |

garden spot. Please send me copies of "Desiderata"

"Although I had to spend the full.On $1.00(Postageeach.prepaid.)I enclose $ as payment in

principal part of my time at the call Name - I of brother Joseph, in the service of Street. |

the Church, the portion of time City left me I spent in draining, fencing State Zip

If Not Completely Satisfiedand cultivating my lot, building a i Money Back temporary shed for my cow, chinking and otherwise furnishing my house; and as the ground was too

damp to admit of a cellar underground, I built one with two brick

Save Spoilage Size For All Cans walls about four or six inches apart Uses Oldest First Convenient arched over with brick. Frost Simple Installation

never it, although penetrated in SPACE SAVING STORAGEsummer articles would mildew in it."(Millennial Star, Vol. 26, p. 88.) STACKS TO ANY HEIGHT

On the 15th of August, Brigham AREAMany newFRANCHISESstorage innovationsAVAILABLEwill was in attendance at a conference be ready soon every conceivable held in the settlement of Zarafield covered HOME, hemla. The next day he presided COMMERCIAL, DOIT-YOURSELF,

(First basis) INDUSTRY comeat a special—conference in Nauvoo.

or call Write for this today $4MM 4| ftM 5"HoldsX 16"7 to X1210"Cans at this latter that the It was Prophet valuable information

PER UNIT Quantity Price O Postpaid Much Less STAKON INTERNATIONAL

Era, November 1970 55 Box 17075 1-801561-0701 Salt Lake City, Utah 84117.

In a word...that the story of

State Savings growth during the past 10 years!

And here are the figures State Savings growth is your gain!

Additional security for your savings because of increased reserves.

Highest legally permitted rates paid on

INSURED savings!

More convenient locations.

Put your money where the growth is!

CO We're growing.. UP!

OmZo STATE

s SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

L. EUGENE CLISSOLD, President

19(il) 1971) \m\ 1970 Savings now insured to

TOTAL ASSETS TOTAL OFFICES INSURED $20,000 by a permanent agency 16 in Utah... 8 in Hawaii) of the U.S. Government

Joseph inaugurated a new order (Millennial Star, Vol. 26, p. 104.

of Church government which And again, under the 'date of moved Brigham a little closer toNovember 8:

ward the important position he was "I attended the dedication of the to occupy within a few years. The baptismal font in the Lord's House;

Prophet said that "the time had President Smith called upon me to come when the Twelve should be offer the dedicatory prayer. This

called upon to stand in their place is the first font erected and dedinext to the First Presidency, and cated for the baptism for the dead attend to the settling of emigrants in this dispensation."(Ibid.) STATE and the business of the Church at Almost daily Brigham was in

the stakes, and assist to bear off the contact with the Prophet Joseph, kingdom victoriously to the nawhom he loved more than anySAVINGSAND LOAN ASSOCIATION tions, and as they had been faithother man, and whom he looked to ful, and had borne the burden in constantly for guidance and inspira14 Offices to serve you: the heat of the day, that it was right tion. Here are two brief mentions

that they should have an opporof this association from his journal:

HAWAIIAN OFFICES: tunity of providing something for Nov. 28, 1841.-"Brother Joseph

Honolulu themselves and families...."and the Twelve spent the day in

Main Office (Documentary History of the council at my house."

1001 Bishop Street Church, Vol. 4, p. 403. Nov. 30.—"Met in council with

ManoaWoodlawn Office Brigham, as president of the Joseph and the Twelve at my house, 2855 East Manoa Road Twelve, now stood next to the in relation to the Times and SeaOffice Kaimuki 3583 Waialae Avenue First Presidency. In this capacity sons."( Ibid., p. 105.

he was as usual extremely enerAs the year 1841 drew to a close

Aiea getic. Under date of October 2, in Nauvoo, the white blanket of

Aiea Shopping Center 1841, at Nauvoo, he records the winter was spread over the land.

Kaneohe following in his journal: Peace and prosperity reigned

Wahiawa "I attended Conference; much among the Saints. Verily the kingWaipahu valuable instruction was given by dom was advancing and being

the President, Joseph Smith. I adbuilt up, due to the noble, unselfish,

Hilo dressed the Conference with regard and splendid efforts of its leaders 116 Kamehameha Avenue to the appointment of suitable misand members, not the least of

UTAH OFFICES: sionaries, and in regard to the whom was Brigham Young.

Salt Lake importance of teaching abroad the Christmas Day was no doubt a

Main Office: 125 South Main first principles of the Gospel, and time of rejoicing in Brigham's

56 South Main letting alone those principles they home. It was a humble little home,

Ogden did not understand; also on the but he was there to enjoy the day

3028 Washington Boulevard propriety of many of the Elders with his wife and children, the first remaining at home, and working Christmas he had had with them in

Provo on the Lord's House, and the nearly three years. That he was 47 North University Avenue

necessity of more liberal consecraalso enjoying the society of his

Clearfield tions and more energetic efforts to brethren is evident from the fol75 South State forward the work of building the lowing: "I partook of a ChristMurray Temple and Nauvoo House. The mas supper with the Twelve at

4901 South State congregation was immense, and bro. Hiram Kimball's."(Ibid., p.

the greatest unanimity prevailed."118.) O

Era, November 1970 57 SALT25LAKE GllCOTTONWOOD OGDENI Volume 21 January 1918

Elder Joseph F.

Merrill, member of the Council of the Twelve (19311952)

'.'>>,,. |.<m mUtai<.iubs*past,htm.It.$h> mSMif-

. \ ''"rY'if1srthustmtfe,E*s

ikwaanke*in ite

>.- a titHome Evening

By Elder Joseph F. Merrill*

greatest selection TWO PANT WOOL SHARKSKIN SUITS I have been asked, my brethren we sometimes are unable to do and sisters, to speak a few words what we perhaps would like to designed and tailored about home evening, a topic that do, because we are weary or bemissionaries expressly for has been discussed in this tabercause there are other things that

Wisest choice for young men nacle a number of times in the more or less interfere.

needwho past. It does seem strange that we I do not know how many of you ance—anda perfectmiles ofappearextra

wear! Tailored of a strong are so forgetful, that we are so Latterday Saints remember, as I

twoply wool with two pair careless and indifferent, and that it very vividly remember, when this of pants 97.50 is so necessary to remind us contopic was presented to us a numother models from 79.95 tinually of what is for our good. ber of years ago. We were promised

ZCMI MEN'S CLOTHINGall stores This, perhaps, is not because we that if we would observe home do not believe; not because we are evening faithfully and diligently,

NEW FAMILY GROUP not in sympathy with what we no member of our family would

ORGANIZER are advised, instructed, and urged ever be lost; there would be in the

When properly filled out chart to do, but because of conditions by homes of the people of this stake shows: Great grandparents, grandparents, which we are surrounded. of Zion a peace and love, a purity

parents and children... Under the best of circumstances and joy, that would make our home

married theyWho and how many life, with the average man and life ideal; the fathers and mothers

... marriedtimes

Number and names of children and woman, is strenuous; there is a would have such influence for good

married theywho

is in Archives...... struggle; duties and obligations are with their children that they wouldIf record

If research is still in progress. numerous; we have much to do; have the indescribable joy of seeing

relationships are allSimply shown all blood and because of these conditions, them faithful and true and grow are clearly shownand relationships. "Remarks by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill at the up pure and remain pure, and their

quartely conference Ruth M. WalkerOrder from: of the Granite Stake, feet would be preserved from the 26, 1917. Sunday, August

3rd East South 261 Payson, Utah 84651 Copyright, Ruth Marie Walker, 1969

Printed in USA. 58

snares and pitfalls of the evil one.

Notwithstanding these promises, and notwithstanding the fact that we have urged the observance of home evening in the wards of this stake, there is no question but that at the present time there are few people who observe it. And yet, I

know, my brethren and sisters, that those who have truly observed it can testify that there have come to their homes great blessings. But

strange to say—even those in charge

of ward affairs sometimes forget. HYRUM L ANDRUS, D.S.S.

And so we have public meetings One of the most popular and respected religion of various kinds arranged on home ityinstructorson the atlifeBYU,andDr.teachingsAndrus is ofa notedthe Prophetauthorevening, when it was the advice Joseph Smith and early Church history. Several

that every Latterday Saint family oftainedhis lecturesin the fourhavepublicationsbeen publishedlistedandbelow.are conspend that evening at home, and

that public meetings and affairs be 1. ANTICIPATIONS OF THE CIVIL WAR

placed at other times. IN MORMON THOUGHT—and—

It makes no difference what we JOSEPH SMITH AND THE WEST that on of Joseph Smith essays prophecies Two responis a or do, there thinkmight ffl after his death. to pass came QQsibility that canof parenthood we

not escape. (See D&C 68:2528.) 2. MORMONISM AND THE ISSUE OF WESTERN

It cannot be placed on other shoulCIVILIZATION ders. And if we are sincere and THE SECOND AMERICAN—and—REVOLUTION:

true, if we believe the gospel of ERA OF PREPARATION first of Westthe development essay tracesJesus Christ, we must know that The in light civilization of ern the philosophy and there is no reponsibility that is teachings of the Restored Gospel. The second

greater than the obligation we have articleical, anddealseconomicwith anchangeera markedthat wasby instrumentalsocial, politassumed in our families. The in the restoration of the Church. J J QQ

father must be true, faithful and loyal, devoted and sincere and full 3. DOCTRINAL THEMES OF THE DOCTRINE

of fidelity to his family—to his wife AND COVENANTS

Six basic themes are found in this collection:

and children, true to those deMissionary Work, the Godhood of Man, the Sopendents pulling upon his heartciety of Zion, the Government of God, A Voice of

Warning, and the Gathering of Israel and Restrings. His whole life must be demption of Zion. $1.00

sincerely devoted to them. He must

not be unkind; he must not be im- 4. THE GLORY OF GOD AND MAN'S

patient and overbearing; but he RELATIONHere is a TOseriesDEITYof lectures that help man

must manifest the spirit of patience to understand the personality of God and our relationship to Him. Our earthly existence gentleness andand love. He must

added meaning. i qqistreat his wife as and given his companion

friend and helpmate; he must treat BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PRESS

his children as the nearest and PUBLICATION SALES. 205 UPB, PROVO, UTAH 84601

dearest objects to him in life. And PLEASEHYRUM L.SENDANDRUSME THE FOLLOWING PUBLICATIONS BY

the mother also must remember the No. 1 No. 2 fj No. 3 QNo. 4

obligations that she has to her husband and children; and the NAME..

children must remember the obliADDRESS..

Save 15% CITYgations that they have to their all four publications for Purchase parents. $3.40 with coupon. Mail orders STATE ZIP..

add 250 for postage and handling.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PRESS

Era, November 1970 59 Publication Sales, 205 UPB, Provo, Utah 84601

And so, my brethren and sisters, if we will fully make our home lifeNONDRINKING as the gospel teaches us to do, it seems to me we can find one evening a week when the family will assemble around the hearthstoneDRIVERS and make this the most pleasant and profitable time of the whole

ARE YOU GETTING ALL week. And if fathers in the spirit

THE INSURANCE PROTECTION ofspiritfatherhood,of motherhood,and mothersand childrenin the in the spirit will only of obedience,YOU ARE PAYING FOR?

this this advice accept and observe

The Preferred Risk "PLUS"auto evening, there will come to the policy offers all the protection of home an influence and joy that otherwise will not be there. most standard policies—PLUS Of course, some families are

ADDITIONAL BROADER large and the children range from

COVERAGES—AT LOWER PRICES infants to adults, having various

than standard rates. kinds of responsibility; hence it is

difficult to find a time when all can

FOR TOTAL be together. But, I remember one

ABSTAINERS ONLY of the old sayings, and I believe it ( one beer a year to be true, that where there is a will there is a way. Can it be that

is too many during the whole week there is no

MORE PROTECTION single hour when we could cultithan offered in standard vate the love of our family and auto policies. teach them, understand them, enter

into sympathy with them? That

Ask for your parent that is not one with his children is not enjoying his family personal rate.

as he might, and he does not have

No obligation. the influence that he might. It is

Look for your Preferred Risk Mutual agent possible for fathers and mothers to under "Insurance"in the YELLOW PAGES be close to their children. It is posOR USE THIS COUPON sible for them to be the confidants

NO OBLIGATION of their children, having the children come to them with their joys, CO. their sorrows, and their troubles. 2150 So. 2nd. West Salt Lake City, Utah D.pt. IE 1170/INSURANCE

Please send me, without obligation, complete information on your automobile insurance for Total Abstainers, Now, my brethren and sisters, or 5 years. you may not feel that these matters I am a total abstainer, and have had no accidents for the past 3 Q

one) (Check are very important. But we believe

I have had Name Address my them to be most important. We driver's license

City State..years. believe we must be awake, as we

Occupation No. of Cars in Family I have taken a have never been awake, to stamp

Make of Car. Model Year No. of cyls course, driver ptrainingYes p No out evil and the tendencies toward

evil, all in should work and we

Car Auto Is Used for: Circle Owner

Insurance as possible every of This have way we Business Car MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER ALL1. OTHER2. DRIVERS3. MyExpires:

Pleasure BIRTH DATE Month never worked before. The evil one

To and from work SEX Day... is working in various ways. As his

....miles one way MARRIED Year.. time grows shorter and shorter,"his

first Insurance Total Abstainer's Automobile America's Company efforts are being more and more

Virginia. York, Carolina, or North New Jersey, Massachusetts, Not available in New

Sales manager wanted for Southern California. Call or write

Mr. W. Reid, 9617 Lakewood Blvd. Downey Calif. T0 1-2 791 60

Make Your College Experience increased; and so, unless we are Meaningful, Enjoyable and

active and on the alert, we shall find that we are being trapped in Profitable atways we do not know and do not LDS suspect. Therefore, we feel that HERE'S HOW LDS WILL ADD

it is necessary that we shall pray MEANING TO YOUR LIFE and that we shall work and that we While some colleges offer institute classes, shall accept the advice given us. only the Church Colleges maintain the LDS

My brethren and sisters, in every standards and atmosphere on a campus wide, home in this stake of Zion we "fulltime"basis.

should like to have Monday evening observed as home evening. There LDS is the only Business College where LDS

would be no objection to branches Devotionals, teachings, and leadership of the family—married sons and training are the rule, not the exception.

daughters—meeting with the rest

LDS insures all students rich religious of the family. Will we not develop experiences and surroundings with both a

this practice among us until it Student Ward and complete Religious grows into a habit? Some have not / Institute on campus.

felt a particular need for this. Some J

LIFEhave felt that their children are ENJOY COLLEGE grown and only the parents remain.

life provide at LDS will CampusBut whether the family be large or activities wholesome you with small, composed of old or young, among those of your own faith. A

or of both, it is possible to have a full schedule of dances, assemblies, program of songs, stories, games, outings, and athletic events are readings, experiences, instructions, pleasant relief to study routines.

prayers, etc., that shall be enterChurch fraternal organizations, and

taining and profitable to all. MIA add even more excitement to

Even though there are, for one your recreational and cultural reason or another, no children, the Pursuits YOUR BUSINESS EDUCATION home evening may still be profitWILL BE PROFITABLE able. Is there any husband so inBusiness Careers, you will find offer the

different and forgetful that he has following advantages:

ceased to court his wife? There was A good starting salary

a time when an evening with her Early advancement alone was counted as the most Interesting work beautiful evening of the week. That A secure future

husband is certainly an object of High prestige pity who has ceased to court his FOR PROFESSIONAL TRAINING YOU wife. He has let the sweetness of WILL FIND LDS OFFERS

life go out of his home. In fact, Short term courses

his home has ceased to be a home. Reasonable tuition

It is only a place to live. Where Excellent facilities

love is not, there can be no home. Qualified faculty

Hence, so far as I can see, there is Job placement services no reason why we should not spend this evening with our family in CHOOSE FROM THESE COURSES pleasure and profit and joy. If we Fashion Merchandising, Computer

will do it there will come into our Technology, Accounting and Business homes love and unity and the spirit Management, Court Reporting,

Secretarial Science, Marketing.

of peace and satisfaction that cannot, and will not, otherwise be For more information write:

there so abundantly. O Information Office

LDS Business College 411 East South Temple Era, November 1970 61 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Booker T. Washington's Views of the

"Mormons"

neverMbride Booker T. Washington (18561915),

MARRIAGE FILMS Americaneducator Negro

In marriage, it is imporiant to be the right person as well as to select the right partner. Whether you're

married, or planning to be, you'll learn from these films.

"Are You the One?"

"For Time or Eternity""How Near to the Angels""In This Holy Place""Johnny Lingo""Love"Marriage—Whatis for the Byrds"Kind for You'

"Never A Bride"r'3 Booker T. Washington's

Views of the Mormons The famous Booker T. Washingget hold of land, to settle on the soil

ton, who recently [1913] visited Salt and become farmers. The 'Mormon'

Lake City, has written an article for leaders knew that if they once got the New York Age (April 17), the possession of the soil and taught i'&RE ui,J leading Negro newspaper of the their people how to become sucUnited States, in which he tells cessful farmers that they would be about his visit to Salt Lake City. laying the foundation so secure

Among other things he declares that they could not be disthat the Mormons have been misturbed....

represented, and that the worst of "Like the negro, the 'Mormons,'the Mormon life is generally adver- I am sure, have been misrepretised. We quote from his long sented before the world. I have

and interesting account: learned by experience and observa-

"The 'Mormon'Church was first tion that it is never safe to pass organized in New York state only final judgment upon a people until eightythree years ago. From 150 one has had an opportunity to

[143] people, hardy pioneers, who get into the real life of those sixtysix years ago, people. The negro is suffering toINSPIRATIONAL entered Utah

the number has grown year by year day just as the 'Mormons'have sufLDS 300,000until in 'Mormons,'Utah there andare theynow haveover personfered andoutsideare suffering.a group of.. people. No

certainly made the desert blossom can ever really know that race or gets until that I he of people rose. group been as have never the FILMSBYU SOUTHWESTERNBYU EDUCATIONAL a clean, into their chance prohealthy, and gets homes, a more FILM among CENTER SERVICESMEDIA

HeraldBnghamR. YoungClark BuildingUniversity c601o MovieNorth 4thCenterAvenueof the West gressive set of people than these to observe their men, their women,

Tucson.Provo Utah 84601

(602) 6235853 Arizona 85705 people are. All through Utah they and their children, and has a(801)3741211 Ext =2713

BYU CANADIAN COMPANYDESERET BOOK of their hospito partake gardens chance desert into turned the have FILM CENTERFilm Department

- South 2300 23rd Avenue South East Temple44 life. into their inner finds tality get one and Wherever and orchards. Alberta Lethbridge City.Salt Lake Utah 84111

Canada 3288191(801) (403) 3281492 a 'Mormon'colony there he finds "There are many people today FILM CENTERBYU RICKS

BYU EASTERN First Street225 FILM CENTER the evidence of hard work and who consider themselves wise on Falls. Idaho Idaho 83401

5234682 (208) c o Association Films.

... of are the condition the negro who Inc. wealth.

600 Grand Avenue BAY AREABYU Ridgefield. 07657 FILM CENTER to into a really afraid first negro go the the 'Mormons'"From res. 9438200 N. J. NYC (201) Inc. Films. o Association

7369693 Cypress Avenue c25358 into a negro never go persistently constantly pursued home, who and

California Hayward. 94544 BYU MIDWESTERN

7830100 FILM CENTER (415) Inc. the policy of having their people church or Sunday school, who have Films. c Association o LOS BYU ANGELES

Slreet Burlington 512 FILM CENTER

Illinois Grange. La 60525 Inc. Films. c o Association

(312) 3377 352 Street South Ohve 2221

Los Angeles. California 90007

(213) 7497165 62 Order from your nearest branch library never met colored people in social Sior-M-Wau circles, and hence such people know little about the moral stanFor most folks, getting started is the toughest part of a successful home food dards and activities of the colored storage program.

people. The same, I am convinced,

is true regarding the 'Mormons.'But now, Stor-A-Way Corp. has made

The people who speak in the most food storage easier with the new Stor-A-Way Inventory and Planning disrespectful terms of these people forms.

are those who know least about them. This easy -touse guide will tell you where

"I am convinced that the 'Moryouwhereareyounow,OUGHTand TOwill BE.help you decide oUbLJeJ m

mons'are not an immoral people.

No immoral people could have such For your Stor-A-Way Planning and... EASILY!strong, fine bodies as these people, Inventory Kit, send 25 cents to: FILE ANYTHING

nor such vigorous, alert minds as conference reports talks they. It has been my privilege to oiorBnt- It/ay, Ksorp*. Erapicturesarticles genealogy stories etc.

address schools and universities in 725 East 4th South... FAST!nearly every part of America, and Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 FIND IT AGAIN

I say without hesitation that I have (801)3558732 never addressed a school anywhere File Packet

And, what's needed, decide when you alert, the students were morewhere divided CATEGORIES offers line 26 Stor-A-Way complete a most intelligentmore responsive, more with into 440 SUBTOPICS of services: products and

than is true of the students of these a number assigned to each 'Mormon'colleges. I was hardly Grains - Beans - Honey - Dehydrated 466 PREPRINTED pressure

- Fruits Vegetables Yeast and - Dry for sensitive the overgenerous LABELS andprepared

Eggs Kerosene - Dried - Coal Lamps to handle receptionrapturous that was given EXPANDABLE - - Stoves Canned Grinders Meat - Wheat me at the state university, the stuBread Mixers - Vitamins - Storage Books - topics of special interest to dents of which, for the most part, Animal Traps - Dried Soups - Dried you (limitless)

- Beverages Tools - Emergency Water and REFERBUILT-IN CROSS theare 'Mormons,'same and I had - - Storage Food Containers Candles file A card SYSTEM. ENCE private the in addressingexperience - - Purification Water Molasses Equipment is necesary no longer

schools and other institutions conSalt.

ducted by 'Mormons.'... These COMPREHENSIVE INDEX

'Mormons'have firstclass schools, SIMPLE INSTRUCTIONS and they are pushing the matter of THE MAGIC MILL thatprofessionalwill makefilerYOU a technical and industrial education Many people have inquired about the is still NEEDED: it MATERIALS Mill". available "Magic YES, in strongerto a degree than we are

file folders through remarkable as 26 This as few STOR-A-WAY.

...the South. have The 'Mormons'in mill will grind grain 5 of pounds only 5 required others as adding

recently begun a systematic effort minutes. See it today at STOR-A-WAY. a cardboard box or file to

to give their people training in hold your filed articles gymnastics, with a view to strengthening their bodies. I think it will AVAILABLE THROUGH

interest my readers to know that LDS BOOK DEALERS there are colored 'Mormons'in MAKE MONEY AT HOME EVERYWHEREusing the convenientor by

Utah. I met several of these. Many order blank below!

each, postage paid)of them came here in the old days. If you are interested in making money at ($3.25

In fact, Brigham Young brought home in your spare time taking Send check or money order to:

colored people with him to this Stor-A-Way orders, call or write to see if country, and they or their descenyou can qualify as a Stor-A-Way

East 1864 Southdants have remained.... I met one Neighborhood Agent. 336 84057 OREM, UTAH

colored man who came out here in

Please send copies the early days. He is now eighty- ** Nametwo years of age. He is a staunch

'Mormon.'He came here from Street

Mississippi."O City

State Zip

Utah Residents add 14c Sales Tax

Era, November 1970 63 DISTRIBUTORSHIPS AVAILABLE

Elder Hugh B. Brown

to ieldmkA. of The Council of the Twelve

IfatVi, own. fVtwate. ialik. 1970-) J Citadel Within about& wtttfL (195861,

Counselor in the First HUGH B. 8R0WN

Presidency, 196170.

Ts

The Citadel Within

f 'f, By Elder Hugh B. Brown

Coordinator of Latterday Saint Men in the Service in World War II

They who served in World War the call of your country. You offer also your ideals, principles, aspira-

I, though now unable to participate to her your time, your talents, your tions, hopes. You bring all these

in combative units, are among the strength—your life. How well into a new and strange environment

most interested of the spectators equipped are you as you present where there will be terrific impact.

who watch from the sidelines. They yourself for this service? What do To some the environment will be

note the new and improved mechyou bring to the task and what used as an excuse for weakness, for anized equipment as well as the do you propose to take out of it? abandoning their course of life and

revolutionary strategy and tactics You have passed your physical yielding to the downdrag of a employed. They would not attempt tests, but what of your intangible murky current. Others will see in it

to give military advice, for the folly internal fitness? a challenge to their strength and

of applying the rules of 1917 to the First, there must be undeviating will face that challenge as manoperations of 1942 would cost thouloyalty. Your country is in war. fully as they will face the foe on

sands of lives and humiliating She has called for your help. She the battlefield, realizing that to

reverses. is faced by cruel and cunning foes yield here is as cowardly and inHowever, there are some conwho seek her destruction. You will famous as to be untrue or traitorous

stants in life which remain fixed not give less than wholehearted, when entrusted with a military aswhether one is in military or civilian enthusiastic support to the national signment.

activity and regardless of age. Of effort. While your right to free If you would give your best to

these we should speak, for the exspeech is one of the things for your country, you must maintain perience of the past belongs to the which you fight, your intelligence your highest standards and ideals.

present. will regulate the exercise of that You will bring out of the struggle

Rather than address the youth of right. You'll listen more and talk a stronger man or a weaker one,

1942, let the man of today talk to less. according to the fidelity with which

himself as one of the soldiers of You will obey orders, submit to you guard the citadel of your inner 1917. Let him attempt, through his discipline, become a part of a great self.

own eyes twentyfive years later, to military organization—how imporYou find yourself in uniform,

see the road ahead of that young tant a part is largely up to you. one of millions, and may feel that

soldier. He might say something Into this new experience you your identity has been lost, that

like this: bring yourself—your physical, menyou are just a number, or perhaps

You, young man, have answered tal, moral, spiritual self. You bring a cipher. You will be tempted to

64 Era, November 1970 A

MEXICO NEW DELAWARE ARIZONA

Burrell B. John Karl Tippets G. C. Thompson W.... her a you gave Ave. Haines Glen 9012 NE Avon 2209 S. Hobson 529

Albuquerque 87100 Wilmington 19808 Mesa 85201

OREGON CALIFORNIA FLORIDA Yingling Yingling RESERVEFAMILY & Robert Hemingway FOOD Stephensen A. W.

8- P.O. 31 Box Elton 2404 Ave. Norwood

Drain Bakerfield 93300 440Satellite 32935 is in reserve adequate food everyday normal foodA TEXAS C. Millard Haymore GEORGIA Walter Turley Petunia 8333 Way life for usual", sustain an "as meals to andamounts O'BrienBaird P.O. 2183 Box Park Buena 90620 364 Box of time. periodextended El Paso 79902 Richard Morgan (Atlanta) MorrowP.O.

Penn Mar 4279 UTAH other as that, with discoveredAt we SamAndy El HAWAII Monte 91732 Lane James

Wesley G. Dana E. family. every Guy varythings, needs with food S. W. 843 3600

P.O. 86 Box Circle CCH 10424 DavisOwl Bountiful

a DivisionWell developed has food Laie. 96762 our Oahu Val. Food Fountain 92708 Yardley John

Bill Pier Greenville 84731 stored, or withreserve that everyday be used IDAHO may 107th W. 3634 Harris Fielding Warth Ron It flavor. contains or loss nutrition ofalmost no Inglewood 90301 204 Box Vista Ave. 1821

Dean Judd is N. 17 354 Hwy. of that Boise preparation easethe variety 84700 and same

Paz 4271 Camino Hurricane L. 84737 bee R. By living. of for standardnecessary todays La Mesa 92041 Christensen Wm. St. S. 2nd 2645

David Tucker Lane 706 Columbia Pocatello 83201 local contact to your today SamAndy timeTake

P.O. Box 7273 Provo 84601

ILLINOIS representative. for that prepare helpfood can you Sacramento He 95670 Hollingshead Leo

Frisbie Dale C. Lon Swenson So. State St. 2370"rainy day". Ledlie 1350 Arcadia 1313 Salt Lake 84115

Springfield 62702 Santa Susana let starting 93063 this Christmas pass withoutDon't

PitcherReynolds WASHINGTON NEVADA reserve. personalized foodyour SamAndy Nielsen E. Margaret Miette Larry 1340 Skousen Way

1731 Spokane Box Dr. Sunnyvale Alta 94087 5108

Lk Rt3 Moses 88 Box Vegas Las Christmases merrymany COLORADO

I Eastman Vaughn is Clair K. Charles Cole

E Ave. Vickery 6711 Circle Butler St. Gil14th 420 4355

- 98443 Tacoma Sparks Boulder 89431 80303 International United CommoditiesUCI become a fatalist and adopt a not permit you to be cheated if you "don't care for consequences"attiknow it. Before you close any deal,

tude. Every day's work will be you will count the cost. If you are

outlined, every effort regimented. sure the thing offered is worth the

You will listen to shouted comprice, if you are sure you will be mands and curt orders and will find satisfied with your bargain next your freedom restricted as never month, next year, and always, then before. You will be inclined to feel take the offer. But be very sure

that you are no longer the master of you are not being deceived by the your fate and will wonder if you vendor. The first payment mayBurning

are wholly subject to the whims and bear little relation to the final cost.

caprice of chance. Often men go on paying long after

You must resist this inclination to the item is wornout and useless orTree lower your guard. In spite of the has become hateful and abhorrent.

complete regimentation of your life I need not remind you that you and the interruption of your plans must pay for what you get, that this sudden reversal of things, you must reap what you sow,Acres by you must hold on to the truth that that the law of the harvest is inBurning Tree Acres is an exclusive, you are still, in large measure, the exorable, that the temporary gratiespecially planned community developed for families seeking the master of your fate. Keep faith in fication of an appetite, though it

best in wholesome living. Members yourself, in your destiny; keep your may amount to ecstasy, must not be

not only own their own home or lot, hand upon the controls of your the criterion of value.

but they also share equal ownership life. You are still in command of* In business we sometimes write

in the recreational wonderful facilities which have been completely your own spirit. off bad deals and forget them, but

developed. Do not believe that some bomb many of life's bargains are for time

Burning Tree Acres provides or. shell has your number on it and and eternity. Many of them must

delightful suburban living with all that it will get you regardless of be paid for on the installment plan, the nearby conveniences imaginable.

what you do or refrain from doing, and as you go on paying through It's just five minutes from BYU, the new LDS Temple in Provo, new for with this thought too often goes the years, you will experience pride shopping centers, schools, churches, the query, "What difference does it and gratitude or sorrow and shame,

Utah Lake and Provo Canyon! make what I think or say or do? depending upon the wisdom of

Sound wonderful? It is! Why not 'eat, drink and be merry, your choice.

for tomorrow we die'?"You shall You will be tempted to consider

a fullcolor Please send brochure me live. shall die on not prohibitions tomorrow! of the with which You some

Acres. Burning Tree obligated am not

of familiar to at go Most have become home war you the men who in this request.I by any way

NAME live to return home. No shell has as oldfashioned and out of focus

ADDRESS your number on it. No bullet is with modern times. You will be

CITY marked for you. Most of them are told that to continue to observe the

STATE.. ZIP., marked "To whom it may constandards of conduct which have

cern,"and most of them are wasted. guided your life thus far is to admit

Marriott Development Co. Live, then, each day as if you were a lack of maturity, is evidence of

1775 South 300 East, Orem, Utah 84057 confident of returning to your home childishness. A slight deviation

and loved ones and let that thought from the line of conduct which you light your pathway and color your have believed to be right may be

Casseroles, Sprouting, conduct. called trivial and of little conseBreads, Pastries, Storage Having decided to keep control quence. Looking back from 1942,

life, of that deparsee the point of the course you must of your we can daily. of conduct decisions the from highway You must ture 'MAKE A TREAT make

WITH WHEAT"choose, elect,, decide. Each decimarked the beginning of a detour

Price: $1.95 sion implies a knowledge of values. for some which took them far from

Group Discount Your good sense would not allow the goal for which they so couraHAZEL RICHARDS you to pay ten thousand dollars for geously set out.

is taught to fly 2857 Hermosa Way a Model T Ford. Your pride will When an airman

Salt Lake City, Utah 84117

Advertisement wsMm

-.,. -.. OBJECTIONS ew/FR. -aW how to answgRospEL

Side A

Tape 1 ( T-1>. imi iMlTEC

*'A,*;, *******

353 6. 4th So., t>fttiencebaVe fcer pert

m m AMES, ecattered A are \}Sft c.wmob Christ, Y

. *n*ad, greegreeting,. fell into tel'S * n ye, h Wfc

lvers temptations;

How to answer objections to the Gospel.

MISSIONARIES AND MEMBERS:

Make no mistake about it! If you this sequentiallearning scripture protape discusses memory myths common

expect to shake the skeptic... reach gram. First, tape number one (T-1), to missionaries, after which the tape

the timid... impress the sophisticate How to Answer Objections to the gets underway to help the missionary

... you must be conversant with Gospel is an inspirational tape informquickly memorize basic scripture in his

scripture to answer objections to the ing you how to gain a greater scripMissionary Six Discussions plan.

Gospel. It is as President David 0. tural understanding of the Gospel to Cassette tape number three (T-3)

McKay said: "The missionary's duty is better handle basic objections hurled features special scriptures which give

to know the scriptures."at you. This tape is ideal for all church the missionary greater insight into the

And so it is, then, that a few of us members and the missionaries serving Six Discussions basic scripture. Both

returned missionaries got together to in the mission field. T-2 and T-3 together will give the misform Missionary Work Unlimited* so Both the second and third tapes sionary the "tools of the trade"to

that we could help you answer some (T-2, Missionary Six Discussions—Basic make him a more effective missionary.

real basic objections to the Gospel and Scripture and T-3, Missionary Six DisAnd the cost? The value of this

to inspire you to become a greater cussions—Select Scripture) are prospecial scripture program is immeasurscriptorian. To help you to declare to grammed especially for the missionary able. That's why, as a special introthe world the restoration of the. to help him memorize the scriptures ductory offer, this important work is

Gospel of Jesus Christ... the divinity found in his Six Discussions plan. being offered to you at the amazingly

of life, death and resurrection of our These two tapes are spacedrepetition- low price of only $5.95 for each

Lord and Savior. To help you to tell it allistening tapes. This means they are tape—or, better yet, $15.50 for all

like it is with vigor and confidence. programmed a special way to give the three tapes. Mail the coupon below

Then people will listen. missionary a 40 percent jump on memnow. Today—more than ever before—

We have used the fabulous cassette orizing scriptures compared with tryyou need to know how to scripturally tape to bring to you the principles we ing to memorize them by eyecontact answer objections to the Gospel! Be

have learned in the mission field conalone. Tape number two (T-2) begins, like Peter of old who said: "... be

cerning how to best answer objections interestingly enough, by telling of a ready to always give an answer to to the Gospel. Objections like—"If littleknown incident involving a scripevery man that asketh you a reason of

Christ has a body, how did He walk tural debate between a young elder, the hope that is in you...."(I Peter

through walls?"Or, "The Bible is all David O. McKay, and a Protestant 3:15) We have only a limited quantity

we need; we don't need anything minister in 1897, when Elder McKay of these tapes at this time. So avoid

further to gain eternal life."was on his way by boat to serve his disappointment. Rush coupon today.

Three cassette tapes are involved in mission in England. Following this, the Every Member A Missionary

*Not an official Church program

INTRODUCTORY OFFER!

O: MISSIONARY WORK UIMLIMITED353 East 4th South, Salt Lake City, Utah 841m

GUARANTEE Name Please the Gentlemen: items send me—i Address I below. checked I understand may

this return merchandise after fund 10 days if I amfornotfullcomre- satisfied. pletely I CityState Zip. i

T-2 T-3 T-1, T-2, T-3 Norelco player ($5.95) ($5.95) ($15.50) and T-1, T-2, T-3 Total enclosed

$37.45 $ iJ

LEADERSHIP

At the Deseret News Press the word "LeadThe 49 is a part of the new look in color ership"is synonymous with service. We printing at the Deseret News Press. We have

know that by bringing the latest techniques taken every step to offer our customers the in the graphic arts field to the Intermounbest for the least. If you have a full color

tain Area we can offer our customers a betjob that must be the best—remember, theter quality product with a smaller price tag. Miehle 49—we at Deseret News Press will

always remember our responsibility to you,

Consistent with this philosophy is the instalour customer.

lation of the Miehle 49 4-color Sheetfed Offset Press. The 49 is the best precision

machine that money can buy. It offers quality

in full color printing that is unsurpassed. To

assure this quality, we at Deseret News Press have gone the extra mile. The 49 is a 38"x

50"press offering a printing surface double the size of any comparable press in the area. It has a special room with its own

temperature controls, its own humidity controls, and air filtering systems to take con1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah taminating dust out of the air. Telephone 801 4861892

on a beam, he will not be tempted home, and rear a family. You must to win it. They know you will not

to go it blind by some promise of remember that twentyfive years let them down. They who connect

thrills or new adventure. He knows hence you may have sons. Above your name with the name of God

that there is only one course to all else you will, at that time, be each day have confidence in your follow if he would be safe, and grateful to God if they can safely quality, in your integrity, in your looks upon him as an enemy who follow in your footsteps. fidelity, your purity of thought and

would seek to divert his course and Yes, young man, you are going purpose, your loyalty to your counlure him away from the beam off to war, and it's up to you try. They know you will be true to

which is his safety. Fly the beam, whether you win it or lose it. Reyourself and to them with God's

pilot, for the headquarters from gardless of the outcome between help.

which it comes will guide you the nations, you yourself have a Keep your hand in his, and may safely to a happy landing. battle to fight, and all who know you have the wisdom and the

In this new adventure you will and love you believe you're going courage to follow. O

need courage—not only courage to

meet the enemy who is visible but also courage to meet and vanquish The January 21, 1951 perenemies more and more subtle SpokenWord insidious and moresistent, more deadly, and of these I warn you. Selfsearching

Have courage, then, to make your

By Richard L Evans choice, and then pray for stamina is a proverb that says: "Believe no tales from an enemy'sto stand by that choice. He who There

loses courage will not long defend tongue."But perhaps we can believe our own examination of ourthe other virtues. selves. And so, let's do a bit of selfsearching on a series of subYou who started your life strucjects: If you were choosing someone you had to trust, could you

like trust yourself? are in yourself trouble? you to meet you Would whenture on the foundation of the Ten

at didn't other mercy? If to be your you like Would men ownCommandments and the Beatiput

locks on their homes, on their barns, on their banks, would you ever tudes may be somewhat bewildered walk in where you knew you had no right to walk? If there were no

as in this awful business of war accounts, no courts, no jails, no disgrace, would you ever take what you are taught how to kill. The you knew you had no right to take? Would you serve a man without

very cornerstone of your moral influence as fairly as you would a man with influence? Would you

structure is respect for the lives and pay a person as fair a price for something he was forced to sell as for rights of others, and when you see something he didn't have to sell? Would you honor an unwritten agreethe word "not"stricken from the ment as honestly as if it were written? If you found a lost article that

injunction "Thou shalt not kill,"no one else could possibly know you had found, would you try to you may find difficulty in attemptreturn it or would you put it in your own pocket? Would you coming to uphold any of the other promise on a question of right or wrong? Do you talk as well of your

moral standards. Remember this: friends when they aren't around as when they are? If you made a misthe archenemy of life has set out take, would you admit it or would you pretend to be right even when

to destroy the human family, has you knew you were wrong? Could you be trusted as well away from

enlisted human agents to assist in home as you could where you are known? Do you think the world owes

his purpose. That purpose must you a living or do you honestly know that you should work for what

be resisted. Force must be emyou want? Do you make an earnest effort to improve your performance?

ployed to conquer force. But Do you try to get the job done or have you been loafing along for

through it all you must not forget fear you were doing too much? Would you hire yourself? Would you

your obligation to your fellowmen, like to work for yourself? If you were your own partner, could you trust

your relationship to them. They are yourself? If your partner were to die, would you treat his family as fairly

all sons of God. Hate must not get as if he were alive? If he lost his health, would you still deal with him

into your heart. You must not be not only justly but also generously? Let's look again, inside out: Would

degraded by the business at hand. you like to work for yourself? Would you like to live with yourself?

You must remember that you are This is admittedly a severe score card. But sometimes it's a good thing

going to return home, become a to turn ourselves inside out and look at ourselves as honestly as if we part of civilized society, build a were someone else.

Era, November 1970 69 As "Era Advertising"draws to a close, we want to thank thousands of past customers and wish to encourage every family to continue on in their

HOME STORAGE efforts.

To AID YOU, we offer a booklet which shows how to overcome the stumbling "Thy Speech blocks of your HOME STORAGE PROBewrayeth Thee

GRAM. These are available for 50c By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

to cover printing and mailing costs. Research Editor

ALLGRAIN SALES CO.

Box 248, Tremonton, Ut. Ph. 801257-3692 * One of the most severe chastisements

that the Lord ever placed upon man was

The Only Company in the world who thecorruptconfusiongovernmentof tongues.crumbled,Overnightthe follythe

has a TURBINE COOLED MILLING of building the Tower of Babel was at

CHAMBER in standard and new fast an end, and those who were congenial neighbors became hostile toward each models for protecting the needed nuother. Seeking companionship, small

trition of your grain investment. groups speaking the same new languages

went out by themselves to colonize. With

(Hand STONE and Burr mills also one swift blow at his language, man was humbled and scattered. (See Gen. 11.)

available)

During one of the battles between the

Gileadites and the Ephraimites, the

Jordan River became the first line of defense. The Gileadites took the bridges

spanning the river and challenged anyone who dared pass with the question: "Art

thou an Ephraimite?"and if he said,

"Nay,"he was further challenged with:

"Say now Shibboleth."And fortytwo

thousand Ephraimites, unable to proPERO nounce the first syllable (for they said

Sibboleth) were discovered and forfeited their lives. (Judg. 12:5-6. Italics added.)

The apostle Peter could not successSPECIAL HOLIDAY OFFER fully deny his Christ because of his speech. began knowlAs he any to deny 21"full print, origi30",This x color from

for time, the third edge Peter of him was artist,nal painting Arnold by world famous confronted art with: also THE NEW "Surely thou

willFriberg, quality, high paper, on heavy of one them; for thy speech bewrayeth NONCAFFEINE a beautiful addition church, to home,make

thee."Italics (Matt. 26:73. added.)

office. for Idealor Suitable for framing. HOT DRINK

gifts. each, postpaid. $2.95Christmas Only

Distributed by in the. in as days of Babel, the days As

for projects. discountsQuantity

Inc. Holly Foods, World of of of the in as days the Ephraim, wars

delivery.Satisfaction guaranteed fund—promptraising 7th South West 2520 Peter, constantly are our judged by we

City, Salt Utah Lake 84119 habits of pronunciation. MEDCO grammar and

in mailing and for coin send For sample 10c

P.O. Box 764 handling. Today it is easy, with the use of the teleProvo, Utah 84601 Dealer Inquiries Welcome phone and radio, to judge a person by

his speech alone without ever seeing him.

Good speech bespeaks good manners.

let's say it correctly, we say,IN USE FOR OVER 75 us. lest our speech betray Q YEARS HALL'S REMEDY Whatever in of Aids simple treatment

sore throat and other minor Salt Lake City, Utah mouth and throat irritations.

70 Era, November 1970 We still like people better than numbers.

At Southern Utah State we're small enough that you are more than a number, in fact, you are an individual with talents and abilities and the opportunity to use them.

Because of our size and our modern, expanding facilities, you get the advantages of a small school plus the experience and quality you expect from a large school. Things

like student government, music, drama, sports and all of the other things that make college great are here for you to be a part of, not just to attend.

The environment at SUSC is clean and friendly. The community is interested and helpful. The LDS Institute program

is progressive and actively concerned about your needs.

If you are interested in being a part of the action and in keeping the YOU in EDUCATION, check us out.

est four year school SOUTHERN UTAH

i STATE COLLEGE 3 CEDAR CITY. UTAH

Our full academic accreditation means that you can SUSC sounds like my kind of be exposed to the best in school.

education. Not only does Please send me:

the faculty know what they isii are doing, but they care

it aboutabout and [J you. 1 I / m*m-1 "

thirty offer majors overWe '\ f *.j$m vm GeneralAdmissionCatalogueForms($1)fj

in degree work and many Financial Aids Information fjvocational programs de- f(V Housing Information [J signed to help you in select- r "- o Name ing and meeting your *4Jjf>* few o Address.

interests and abilities. City State Zipatmos- anSuch academic

in *5d 5p,.:.*m/im iBi//'Mail to: SUSC Information Services putsphere you ahead

mm.: Cedar City, Utah 84720,-tfm.any field you choose. M

l!.< WP JFV * """'iS*:--:-:-.. m% F 4

Covers from the Past

By Ralph Reynolds

Improvement Era Art Director

Throughout the years, Era covers have reflected Salt Lake Tabernacle (number 75) by Gerreld Pulthe graphics of the period, changes in styles of magasipher, the fisheye photograph of the Tabernacle by zine format, as well as styles in clothes, art, photogRobert Perine (number 64), the six views of Nauvoo raphy, and architecture. The covers have also and the Mississippi, early engravings by Piercey

reflected the printing technology of the period. (number 61).

It is almost unanimous among the artists on the Although we're not the Saturday Evening Post, we present design staff that the July 1933 cover, using have run one Norman Rockwell illustration as a cover, the United States flag and an Avard Fairbanks (number 42). Several other modernday, nonMormon

sculpture (number 9) is the most striking and one of illustrators and painters have been reproduced, inthe best designed covers ever done for the Era. cluding Ken Riley, Stan Galli (number 73), Harry

There was a period in the 1930s when works of Anderson (number 71), and John Falter; and many

sculpture were very popular Era covers. The works Mormon artists have had their work reproduced,

of Mahonri Young, Avard Fairbanks, Torlief Knaphus. including John Hafen, J. T. Harwood, John Clawson

and others were widely exposed when Era readers (number 37), Alvin Gittins (number 34), Arnold Frisaw the reproductions of their beautiful art. The berg (numbers 41, 42, 59), Dennis Smith (number

November 1934 cover (number 10), featuring the 70), and Ed Fraughton. Several other artists have

"Tragedy of Winter Quarters"by Fairbanks, is an painted commissioned works expressly for the Era.

example of how beautifully a dramatic photograph of Some of these are Ed Maryon (number 57), Gaell a fine piece of sculpture lends itself to a cover. Lindstrom (number 60), Dale Kilboum (numbers 66,

Another period saw reproduction of many scenic 72), Ev Thorpe (number 54), Harrison Groutage, color photographs by some of the best view photogJerry Thompson (number 69), and Farrell Collett.

raphers of the area. Perhaps the most repeated The influence of artists Fielding K. Smith (number

photographer of this group was Lucien Bown of 19), Paul Clowes (numbers 7, 8), and Nelson White

Chester, Utah. (number 40) can be seen and their contributions to

We have some definite favorites in covers, and the Era should be noted.

usually they are the ones that show a break from the Everyone has his own favorites, but from an art usual, things that are strikingly fresh, such as the and content point of view, the design staff feels that black and white photograph of President McKay the covers on these pages are the most interesting (number 58), the exploded view illustration of the and significant. O

U:.Y nmm lih'A # w

Shi BhUMMfll {Tin* JmproQement

lit

UmH liter *'*.

H tatwrttv

T 7 3rte $mpmvemen( C

"mmmemeri w. he$//ifjti ve."n( /A E R A F \ E

w3P

*i

. la

; B 1 1''>'. **?- A"ij8wL* < j:

Ik

Era, November 7 970 73 '"* X.JW""e iS A

l iir

I Warn '. An

#- H: 1 1 -

1 1 1 1 1 i lucm""improbcmtntCra,*, implement f,a

. *

.-

i

mm">s

/Hmprouauenl jucmenlird BWRiUsiilIrd35

v qfaMMWr''7Hmpmutmo\\ fti '.-''iiiiyiuutiiiu

liniiiyuuutiirfiM

M'ffiii c$ B HL r* m mm tiwMflP

Sf**\y

X'.'yfit.,, Hal -—...:..IF sm mm

uj I rf InuuonrmrnHrd Htyi'juuuuiiirj \J. B SJ T

i \w 1 1/ v m 1 '1

'* f R

'hi lit 1 % -

W --

I

JP* IP M

nr ffWWfilll \ 'its!1/1 44 1 UP

'IS 1 1 i

1 rPlP 'A 14111 1 1

, B

'ill,, v, y

Era, November 1970 75 //Hmproucmcnl Ira

Impriiufinriit Ira

H N

kjHtt

Tfelmproucmenf tra

,"**i, i

nHf THL 1 S w j'S-il:.;*,:..- &S 1::.;..;.: '''.;;-.. - im*gg

JL. %l I y| IPET "f: Wm * M''.,

f Ura

IMI'HOH Ml \l% ERA

llFttUUU ERA

nraimm 5

LL ""C |H

***&*m*wtm

(.7jv>, November 1970 77

lttEWH 1 r$r4# jH j

flBftw**1 IB j

if.

W& 1 flfl

frs.

Ij 7iwimu:myi]h

jj

>0. "JR* '.: '''

A r pjg JBHrnM iif 1 JJ1 'M/f 111/ i'i [fir1 hn

",r 1'J 1 1 III i j fc—,.aZ. 'HHiL-'

MS1

i3 T'.'.':.'::: '

\V

tiy-/*.<w.

I****

'.,"i II Lftd3afl mm -!H i - '";

Vi <T- - jSVM.—1 1 BH—Ev i. n I 9H

jL.0 li 5 "f""2|

,? *r ".-SBBU'vv

[BE ''UK r r*S3r?s

-aer—M

s 1

K;

> w %."L

Era, November i970 79 L *'LJ '"niSHHHH falW H>!H* %'mwii*. 1 V—i

Vis* ftSi

- 'I'f ffl

>i 'Hi ''mW-.- |j \1

|F J>**

'wtMf*t M "In the HrnmrK;"j{*ril fr.rtun <m Ihi ( n

William George Jordan (18641928), American journalist

Forgetting as a Fine Art By William George Jordan

Forgetting is one of the fine arts getfulness of a favor. Habit is the Keeping the world from knowing

of living at our best. It is not that memory of acts, making repetition our pain or struggle by veiling our

phase of nonremembering, where easier. Mercy is the memory of sorrow with a smile, seeming to

a name or a date or a fact has not human weakness tempering justice. forget, is fairly easy; but this is not

strength enough to keep itself from Envy is forgetting one's own posreal forgetting. The biggest souls

sinking deep into memory's sea of sessions in overremembering those find it hardest to forget. Trained

oblivion. Fine forgetting means of others. Influence is the rememforgetting is paradoxic. We cannot

character asserting itself—not mind bered acts of one inspiring the acts forget by trying intensely to forget

losing itself. It is the blue pencil of others. Patience is forgetting—this merely deepens and gives

of wisdom—cutting out unnecessary petty troubles along the way in new vitality to the memory. True

words from the text of our living. concentrating thought on the goal. forgetting really means finer memIt is individual kingship determinLove is the heart's sweetest memoory; it is displacing one memory by

ing what thoughts it will permit to ries shrined in another. another, by a stronger one, an

reside in its kingdom. It is the Forgetting as a fine art has two antidotal one. It means concenexclusion act of the soul—ejecting distinct phases: learning how to fortrating on the second phase so that

the unworthy and the undesirable. get and what to forget. Forgetting the first is weakened, neutralized,

A great editor once said: "The true is the heart's eclipse of a memory. and faded out like a welltreated

secret of editing is to know what It is so easy to say lightly to someink-stain. It is removing a weed

to put into the wastebasket."Forone suffering from a memory, "Oh, from the garden of thought, and

getting is the soul's place for just forget it all."Those of us who then planting a live, sturdy flower

losing discarded thoughts, depresshave sought honestly and bravely in its stead. It is cultivating new

ing memories, mean ambitions, to fight it out on the silent battleinterests, new relations, new activifalse standards, and low ideals. field of the soul know that forgetties. Time helps wonderfully, espeAll the virtues, vices, and qualiting is never easy. If it were, there cially when we go into partnership

ties of mental and moral life may would be neither credit, courage, with her.

be defined in terms of forgetting nor strength in mastering it. Those If we learn to forget wisely and

or of remembering. Selfishness is people who tell you moral battles unselfishly in the trifles of our daily

forgetting others in overremember- are easy really know nothing about living with others, we shall silently ing self. Worry is the inability to it, care nothing, or they are getting accumulate higher pressure reserve

forget the troubles that may never ready to tell you they have just power for our own later needs. Let

happen. Honor is remembered remembered an appointment and us forget thorns of daily living in

high standards made evident in must say "goodbye."It is a real remembering roses of its possibility;

acts. Anger is the explosion of an fight, but we can win in the end—forget things that pain in rememoverheated memory. Forgiveness is if we are not afraid of a quick, hard bering unnoted reasons for thankthe heart's forgetfulness of an infight. It is better than a long siege fulness; forget the weakness of

jury. Ingratitude is the heart's forof remembering that lasts for years. those around us in seeking to disEra, November 1970 81

cover wherein they are strong. Let rest for a little from his work of actual sorrow, past or present.

us forget the disappointments in pinning new medals on the chest There are memory cells that we the courage of new determination; of selfapproval. He should forget long to identify, to individualize

forget the little wrong we have his unworthy vanity by recalling and to isolate from the millions of suffered from our friend, in living his own hard struggles and the their fellows in the brain and to again in the memory of his many part that chance, patronage, favor, kill as the electric needle deadens kindnesses; forget the things that or even questionable cleverness, the life of an individual haircell.

depress in concentrating on those has had in incubating his prosper- "Sorrow's crown of sorrows,"says that exalt. Fine forgetting is an ity. He may then gladly extend the Tennyson, "is remembering happier

attempt at finer justice. It means helping hand he now withholds, things."Long, hard sorrow is a

aggressive living—on the uplands We often let an act of the long sickness of the soul, from which in

of truth and light. ago poison our present living; we time we may gradually emerge.

The man who lets the really great remember when we should forget, Nature gently leads us back to things of life—love, honor, duty, There are things done in the inhealth in our days of emotional

trust, friendship, loyalty, justice—experience of youth, in moments of convalescence by helping us to forselfishly slip away from him for the unreason, acts of many years ago, get and by giving us new memories

mere gratification of a moment or that have livid scars in thought, to remember. Memory is a mental

a mood, has no right at first to that sting and canker, that discourforce we cannot kill, but we can forget. His first duty is to see that age and deaden purpose, depress direct, we can give it new subjects

he has not been keeping his conour moral vitality, dim our mental to act upon, new right engines of science under the ether of selfvision, and dull our energy. We purpose to move, new channels

apology. He must realize the should let the dead past bury its into which to run.

wrong, and do all in his power to dead. We should put them forever There are sometimes petty fracright it. Then in his new strength out of life and thinking. If we have tures of our pride, irritating incithe petty things will lose their made all reparation possible, let us dents that hurt perhaps because we

treacherous charm. They will fade consider them as the acts of someare nervous. They loom large beinto the dim recess of forgetfulness one else—a weaker self that is now fore us. For the time each seems as

where they belong, luminant, indead, not the self that lives today, big as a real sorrow or loss. If we

spiring. the one we are seeking to make cannot master, it may be as well

There are moments when a man finer and better. Let us make our to surrender it just for a little, to

rejoices that he is living, that he is new self more than a monument to think it out, to talk it out, to get yet able to do the right thing he a dead past. Let it be to us a it out as much as possible from the

disdained—to fill someone's life prophetic tablet to the greater self emotional system. Then we should

with roses, clear someone's path of we are preparing. cease to think and to talk; we

sorrow. He has the new opporRemember and think of past should learn to forget, avoiding

tunity of doing a big man's work in folly, mistakes, sin, and sorrow only situations and conditions that revive a great, simple, selfforgetful way. long enough to repair, to atone and the pain, seeking right work and

He who listens gleefully to scanto avoid. Then forget the yesterassociation that lead from it. Then

dal, turns it over meltingly on the days of sadness, shame, wrong and even a great cankering sorrow will tongue of appreciation, and then failure in the soul's concentration be conquered. If found unworthy

syndicates it with supplementary on the new, fresh, clean days for we shall find it silenced forever in chapters of his own guessing, rehigher, truer living, making each our hearts and dead in our memory.

peats it until it becomes a stained new day but the prelude to a new, Let us seek to begin each new tattoo in memory. His ears should better tomorrow. day in the consciousness of our

be debarred from listening and his Forgetting is the hardest lesson crown of individuality as serene mind taught to forget by thinking of life, and it is never so hard as and calm as though it were a new deeply of the pain such scandal with the memories of the emotions. life, with nothing of the old remainwould give to him, were he or Our bitterest moments of living are ing but its wisdom, its sweet

someone dear to him the victim, when we drape our sweetest memomemories, its duties, its responsiinnocent or guilty. ries in black because they belong bilities, and the hope, joys, priviHe whose success has made him to a past that is dead forever. leges, and love of the old that life

hard, selfish, intolerant, and critiThere are highlights of remembered has bequeathed to us. O

cal, who has no patience with those joy that overcome us with maddenwho have not succeeded, should ing pain, harder to bear than any 1909,Fromby FlemingThe CrownH. ofRevellIndividuality.Company.Copyright,

Elder Me/v/'n J.

Ballard, member of of the the Council Responsibility The Political of Twelve (19191939) Latterdst} Saints

The Political Responsibility of Latterday Saints

By Elder Melvin J. Ballard

It is indeed strange to hear, in a republic, of some attend these mass meetings. The will of the people

who boast that they have nothing to do with politics; may then be expressed in the selection of delegates

but it is stranger to hear of leading men who feel that who attend conventions, who, in turn, nominate candithis attitude is a proper one. In the light of the gospel dates for whom the people are to vote. This great

teachings, is this attitude correct? The Lord has given reformation the Latterday Saints can assist in making,

us positive instructions to see to it that we select wise simply by attending the meetings of the political party men to make and administer the laws. And.it is still for which they have a preference. It is the right of

true, as in the days of Solomon, that "when the wicked the people to give delegates instructions as to the rule, the people mourn."In the United States especharacter of men they are finally to nominate for

cially, where complete rights of suffrage have been office. After their nomination, when the candidates

given to the entire people, there arises a sacred reare submitted to the people for their votes, there sponsibility, binding upon every member of the should be perfect freedom on the part of all electors

Church, to honor and magnify his political rights. to look over the entire group and to select men who

Church members who are aliens should become themselves are living in accordance with the law and naturalized citizens in the countries where they inwho are in favor of its strict enforcement. It is the

tend to make their homes, so that they may have a duty of every church member to secure the election voice in the enactment of the laws and in their enof the best officers. This duty becomes another requiforcement. site to defeat those who are unworthy, for only the

In Section 134 of the Doctrine and Covenants, we electors can see to it that good men are elected.

are shown that civil officers and magistrates are necesWhen responsible men have been elected, a foundasary to enforce the law; and that those who will adtion has been laid upon which we may build; but our

minister the law in equity and justice should be sought responsibility must continue. We must sustain and

and upheld by the voice of the people. Now, here support the laws that our representatives enact, and

are the steps necessary to secure these wise officers: we must uphold the hands of those who enforce the

In the first place, mass meetings are held by the sevlaw. There is no doubt that we have many unneceseral political parties for the selection of delegates who sary laws, or that a campaign should be commenced

are to attend the conventions that are to nominate to eliminate certain statutes. Unnecessary laws only

these officers. These meetings, it frequently happens, encumber the books, delay justice, and complicate the

are poorly attended. As a rule, only those who have situation. But we should keep clearly before the

special interest in certain candidates participate. This people the fundamental requirements for peace and

condition makes it easy for any combination of perorder; and, as long as we have a law, it is the duty of

sons to secure a majority at the mass meetings, and, every member of the community to support it.

thereby, to control the conventions. One basic principle in carrying into effect the

There is only one way by which the consequences Constitution of our country was early recognized—the

of this great evil can be averted. The people must right of the majority to rule. We must stand by that

Era, November 1970 83 principle or we shall presently come into serious diffiit is the duty of all men, whether they like it or not, to culty. The will of the majority, when expressed in uphold and support the law. If they cannot do this.

law, is sacred and must be respected and obeyed by they are not loyal citizens.

the minority. No matter how much they dislike any The position of the Church itself is a splendid

given law, as long as they desire to remain loyal citiexample. In the contest we had over the constitutionzens, all are under obligation to abide by the will ality of certain laws prohibiting the practice of plural

of the majority expressed in law. As these questions marriage, we continued that contest until the court

come up for reconsideration, citizens have the right to of last resort declared the law constitutional. Then

appeal to the public and to endeavor to induce the we were given a chance to prove our patriotism and majority to think their way; but, as long as it stands, our loyalty. With the approval of the Lord, we subDAYNES MUSIC HAS SUPPLIED THE CHURCH

WITH SERVICE Ad appeared in the Era, Dec. 1899

From 1862 J.J. DAYNES to 1970 The Salt Lake Music Dealer.

Sole agents for ClffCKERisG, Story & ctARK, Fischer Pianos.

Estky, Stui.kk and Brntucy Oroans.

Everything ia tbe Musical Line.

J, J, DAYHES, 74 MAIN SI

Steinway Pianos Now being used world

Everett Pianos wide in LDS chapels

Models - 11, 21, 1526 Gulbransen Organs (low budget selection)

For information write Daynes Music Company, 145 S. State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

or Gordon Burt Affleck, 206 U.P. Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

THE LEADING L.D.S. FUNERAL DIRECTORS OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA

I..D.S. arservice Every personally Melvin P. Randall Lowell ranged, supervised directed and Manager, L.D.S. Department by Mgr. SanJ.GabrielCampbell Unit these leading L.D.S. 2941025 Funeral Directors. 2830023 2870595

A staff of 12 competent L.D.S.

men and women to assist you.

Regardless of where you own cemetery property, call Pierce Brothers for "THE PERFECT TRIBUTE"Los Angeles, Phone 213749-4151

More Latterday Saint families call.

Wallace R. Reid E. Baxter Donald PIERCE Associate BROTHERS Associate 21 CONVENIENT NEIGHBORHOOD MORTUARIES 8383956 2849817

mitted to the law of the land, letting it stand supreme. law. We should give sympathetic support to judges

Through strict adherence to that regulation, we maniwho have the courage to execute the law in justice;

fest our willingness, no matter how much we may otherwise, we may weaken their influence and defeat have disagreed with the interpretation of the officials, the ends for which our laws have been established.

to uphold and support the law. We thus set a shinOur greatest contribution to this desirable end will

ing example before the people of the whole country. be our own determination to live within the law, and

Let others act likewise toward those laws which they thus make it sacred through our example.

themselves do not wholly favor. If they cannot When politicians discover that the people will turn

find it possible to live in harmony with the laws that out in mass to the primaries, their hope of controlling they dislike, they have the liberty to go elsewhere. delegates in their own interest will disappear; and

Or, if they can gain a majority of the votes, they can whenever political conventions discover that the establish laws that they are willing to support. Otherpeople will carefully discriminate in their selection of

wise, they should remove to some other land or counofficers, choosing only those who live within the law try that better suits their notions. and who are pledged to support it—those whose lives

Members of the Church are under obligation to and characters are above reproach—then will political

furnish information against violators of law; and, as parties fear to put up for election men who are unwitnesses, they are bound to give any evidence they worthy.

have that will bring the guilty to justice. We are under If the people will only exercise their privileges as

obligation to aid, to the utmost of our ability, the American citizens, they will find in their own hands officers who are engaged in the enforcement of the the power to correct our present evils. O

Wait Not Nothing Is Lost By Sarah E. Mitton By Helen Maring

September 1923 April 193

Wait not till tomorrow, for time is not ours, There is no death for anything that's good;

Today is appointed to gather life's flowers. There is no death for any beauty known.

Wait not till tomorrow, its daivn may ne'er come, Nothing is lost within this shady wood—

Today is the time to bring joy to the home. And water endures, and sky and wind and stone.

There is no death for perfect love; no grief

Wait not till tomorrow to comfort a friend, For any heart that loves beyond the span

Today is the day your kindness to lend; Of mere infatuation... And the brief

Wait not till tomorrow your good words to say, Loveliness of day lives, as does man.

Tomorrow may fail you, your chance is today.

Wait not till tomorrow to offer your prayer, There is no death for any beauty sought-—

Heaven's not too encumbered to list to your prayer For music, poesy, and art are long;

Wait not till tomorrow all wrongs to amend, And all of life, and all of faith have taught

For death may o'ertake you, who knoweth the end? That echo touches farther than the song.

EachEndures—andgood, eachthatbeautiful,is why eachthe lovelyheart 'mustthing sing.

Era, November 1970 85 Dr. G. Homer

Durham, commissioner and executive officer, Utah Volume 60, September 1957

System of Higher Education The Mormon Contribution to Contemporary Religion

By Dr. G. Homer Durham

In today's world, Mormonism, soanthropological question; and (3) was both Theotokus and Christocalled, may be viewed in two the ecclesiastical question, or the tokus at one and the same time!

aspects. One is with reference to matter of organization. The first vision of the Prophet

its relationship to the rest of the Joseph Smith, and subsequent reveChristian world and to the Chrislations, restored clarity and simtian religion in general. The second The Trinitarian and Christologiplicity in the place of this confusion.

has to do with the contribution it cal controversies have plagued hisThe first Article of Faith states the has for the nonChristian world, toric Christianity since the second simple truth in plain language, reranging from western existentialists, century a.d. The Council of Nicea storing common sense to the most

Communists, atheists, and agnostics in a.d. 325 attempted a solution in fundamental controversy in Christo the great religious systems of terms of the Nicene Creed. The tendom. Many members of the

Asia, Africa, and elsewhere. This rupturing of the Christian comChurch do not realize the tremensecond aspect presents a peculiar munity, already faradvanced, was dous historic significance of the

problem, namely, how to present only further emphasized by this work of Joseph Smith in this regard.

the story of the restoration to inand subsequent ecumenical counII dividuals who do not accept and cils of the ancient church.

have, in many cases, never heard The existence today of the Toward a solution of the knotof the Bible. How the message Armenian, Eastern Orthodox, Nesty "anthropological question,"the

will be taken to the followers of torian, Ethiopian, Coptic, Roman Church has a similarly simple but

Buddha, to the devotees of HinduCatholic, and other Christian profound answer. It is found in the

ism and of Islam, however, is only churches (not to mention the Protsecond Article of Faith: "We bethe indirect subject for this writestant offshoots of Roman Catholilieve that men will be punished for

ing. More directly, what concism since the Middle Ages) their own sins, and not for Adam's

tribution has Mormonism for the demonstrates lack of success in transgression."(Italics added.)

professing Christian? If this is unreaching agreement. To some the The "anthropological question"is

derstood, something of the charFather and the Son were identical, the centuries'old issue in Christian acter of the restored gospel can be with the Holy Ghost a second party. theology with respect to the nature

discerned against the general field To others the Father and Son were of man. Just as the question as to

of religion and nonreligion. separate, though consubstantial (of the nature and character of Deity

Mormonism, in this sense, may one substance), with the Holy vexed Christendom, so did the issue be said to have three basic conGhost emanating from both rather as to man and his nature. Most of

tributions to modern religion. They than being a separate entity. In the Christian world follows St.

may be summarized as contribusome groups, Mary was Theotokus Augustine and his answer to the tions to what Christian scholars (the mother of God). In others anthropological question, namely,

call (1) the Christological and she was merely Christotokus (moththat man is a product of "original

Trinitarian questions; (2) the er of Christ ), while in yet others she sin,"that he is corrupt, evil, and

86 Era, November 1970 Latterday Saint gospel rfhe conceptsfun animatedtaughtstoryin aform.

Three books designed especially to assist you in teaching important gospel subjects to your children. One is entitled PRAYER,Ideal Gift another BAPTISM, and the third TITHING.

Each book is filled with colorful illustrations and is written in a style and language that children enjoy and understand. Order youror jour set today—$2.50 for each book.

ChiloM BRIGHAMBrigham YoungYOUNGUniversityUNIVERSITYPress PRESS I Publication205 UPB Sales 1

Provo, Utah 84601 Earl Nightingale Now, the world's leading success authority, invites YOU to share the PRESTIGE,

GROWTH AND EXCEPTIONAL INCOME of today's most rewarding opportunity.

Get in on the communications revolution.

Make personal development, sales and management motivation your new, highpaid profession.

FOR THE FIRST TIME, Earl Nightingale—leading authority in motivation and personal development for the nation's top corporations—offers hundreds of opportunities

for distributors. If you seek a more meaningful and rewarding career (beginning full or

parttime) based on integrity, sincerity and believability and can measure up to the highest personal qualifications, Earl Nightingale may have the answer for you.

success.

Nightin-A READYMADE MARKET ContinuousPlanned presentationsconsultationforandconsistentguidance salesfrom top

IS WAITING IN YOUR AREA. gale executive and creative staffs.

The Earl Nightingale radio program is heard by millions Exclusive executive seminars and distributor developof Americans on more than 750 radio stations coastto- ment programs for training you and your employees.

coast every day. Programmed product expansion for your distributorship Thousands of businesses, large and small, already use—a planned flow of new, important, highly saleable

Nightingale programs for motivating and training emNightingale programs and products.

ployees. of these for need thousands Hundreds programs more KIND ARE PERSON? YOU OF OUR

their personnel systems. communications

fees or are a franchise qualifying charges no There but modoffice in easily are Executive doors every opened company is will est required. inventory Applicants investment beto his the distributor representatives. Nightingale and

abilselected of sales basis the executive developable on and Nightingale programs motivation and communication ity, goals. of personal to strength ambition and commitment in business ofrepresent the excellence every standard comis reto level of corporate This achieve opportunity an anymunity.

monetary $5000 partgoal you set—from the sponsibility—any after year year Weekby-week, monthby-month,

fulltime distributor. as a or more time to $25,000, $50,000newest, for employee comprogramming most effective

munication and personal development will always come from NightingaleConant. ARE WE YOUR KIND OF COMPANY?

EACH DISTRIBUTOR BENEFITS FROM NightingaleTo stand alongsidecompaniesthe inmultimillionbroadcastingdollarand associatedcorporate the acknowledged stature of the man recognized as the services, the new Nightingale distributor organization has leading authority in communication, human relations and set its sights on becoming not only the largest but also the personal motivation. most successful and personally rewarding company in its

Continuous daily exposure throughout the country of field. You enter this exciting, new organization on the

your unique, exclusive success concepts via the Earl ground floor. You decide your role and the extent of parNightingale radio program, books and other media. ticipation and success you will enjoy.

MAIL COUPON FOR earl nightingale NightingaleConant Corporation Dept. 49110

ALL THE FACTSFREE 6677Chicago,N. LincolnIllinois Avenue60645

NightingaleConant Sendwithoutmecostcompleteor obligation.details about your Distributor Program

Corporation Name.

The Human Resources Company VI

Dept. 0-0 Address

6677 N. Lincoln Avenue

Citj State Zip Chicago, Illinois 60645 communications

predestined to the ills of sin and church nor Christ's church, nor is claim to dictatorial, authoritarian, the flesh except as rescued by diit the church of any man or men.. or arbitrary rule.

vine grace; that man's history As its name reveals, it is The We claim that "the rights of the.

begins merely at birth, or at best Church of Jesus Christ of Latterpriesthood are inseparably conconception; and that his prospects day Saints. It is the church of both nected with the powers of heaven."

are pessimistic, except for grace. Jesus Christ and the people, the But the same scripture imposes the

Into this confusion in which the members, the Latterday Saints. Its basic limitation "that the powers

western world had wallowed for ecclesiastical polity or form of govof heaven cannot be controlled nor 1,500 years the Prophet Joseph ernment is neither a monarchical handled only upon the principles of

Smith brought the glorious doctrine one nor a democratic one. It is a righteousness."We can be orthat "man was also in the beginblend of both. dained, "but when we undertake to

ning with God"(D&C 93:29); that As Joseph Smith wrote in Times cover our sins, or to gratify our

"the elements are eternal, and and Seasons, April 15, 1844: "I go pride, our vain ambition,"or to bespirit and element, inseparably conemphatically, virtuously, and hucome dictatorial ("exercise control

nected, receive a fulness of joy"manely, for a Theodemocracy, or dominion... upon the souls of

(verse 33); and that instead of where God and the people hold the the children of men, in any degree

committing a heinous crime, forpower to conduct the affairs of men of unrighteousness"), then the ever bedeviling humanity, "Adam in righteousness."( Italics added. priesthood and authority of that

fell that men might be; and men Thus the priesthood of the man is withdrawn. Or, as this basic

are, that they might have joy"Church is freely conferred on all scripture, which involves the "con- (2 Ne. 2:25). Thus man can be worthy male members, and its stitutional law"of the Church, reoptimistic and not be cursed with blessings fully shared, including cites: "Amen to the priesthood or

Augustinian "original sin."Instead the highest blessings of the temthe authority of that man."(See

of being a worm, however, "As God ples, by the women of the Church. D&C 121:3646.)

is, man may become."(President And although the fifth Article of Thus the basic law of the Church

Lorenzo Snow.) Faith states, "We believe that a reflects fundamental doctrines with

man must be called of God, by respect to the nature of God and

Ill prophecy, and by the laying on of man. The glory of God is intelliThis clarification of the nature of hands, by those who are in authorgence, and men should strive to be

God and of man provides the basis ity to preach the Gospel and adlike God. The pattern for human

for the third great contribution, minister in the ordinances thereof,"relations set for the Church should namely, the nature and character it is also fundamental in the practice become a model for the human reof the Church as a great social of the restored Church that "no lations of all society:

organization. person is to be ordained to any "No power or influence can or

If God is a great personal being office in this church, where there is ought to be maintained by virtue of and Christ his real Son (demon- a regularly organized branch of the the priesthood, only by persuasion, strating to other sons and daughsame, without the vote of that by longsuffering, by gentleness and ters how a life may be lived); if church...."(D&C 20:65.) Also meekness, and by love unfeigned."

man's true nature (having been "in that "all things shall be done by (D&C 121:41.)

the beginning with God") is clear, common consent in the church...."If the nations of Europe, Asia,

then solutions can also be found (D&C 26:2.) Africa, America, and the islands of

for the ancient problems of church Thus the restored Church in its the sea would follow this pattern, organization. polity is neither episcopal (ruled we could visualize a new world.

i The church is not an ecclesiastical by bishops ), presbyterian ( ruled by This, then, is the second aspect of dictatorship. It is not a pseudoelders), nor congregational (ruled Mormonism in the modern world:

system of divineright monarchy by the congregation ). But all three to bring the message of God's and

designed to enslave its members, principles mesh and combine and man's nature, of the nature of orto dwarf them by fear, superstition, constitute a unique and remarkganization, to the world so that no or priestcraft. On the other hand, able ecclesiastical polity, one that power or influence is maintained

neither is it a drifting, rudderless provides adequate authority withexcept by persuasion and by love human association, beset by anout destroying individual freedom unfeigned. This is a large order to

archy, disorder; without shape or and liberty. Thus the Church's fill, in which every member must

meaning. It is not merely God's claim to "divine authority"is not a play an intelligent part. O

\ Era, November 1970 89 Dr. Lowell L.

Ben n /on, associate dean of students and professor of sociology, University of Utah

The Fruits of Religious Living in This Life

By Dr. Lowell L. Bennion

FRUITS

"Ye shall know them by their Of fruits. Do men gather grapes of RELIGIOUS

thorns, or figs of thistles?"Each LIVINGIK'

tree produces its own kind. What THIS LIFE

fruits may one hope to pick if one plants a tree in the garden of religion? This question demands an

answer for all those who would judge religion by its earthly harvest.

A short time ago a Gleaner girl made this confession:

"Two months ago I had faith; I

was happy in my religion. Everything seemed just right to me. Then

my father became ill and died, leaving my mother and several small children. We had prayed for him;

we needed him, but he went. And young people who have been reared history and teachings prove that

now, something has gone out of my in the organizations of the Church life is not that, and that religion life. I have lost the strong testi-—good, sincere individuals—who makes no such promise.

mony that was mine."feel that they have been deceived, The book of Job has as a moral

A young man recently made this that religion is not what it is purthat man should not deny God even statement: "My father has worked ported to be. The difficulty somethough he suffer loss of family, of

all his life for the Church. He is as times lies in the fact that religion property, and is sorely afflicted.

honest as any man who ever lived. has been misrepresented to them, One hundred thousand Jews died in

In fact, he is too honest. Men have leading them to expect the wrong defense of things sacred to them as

taken advantage of him. During thing from religious living. Syrians and Romans desecrated

the last few years he has lost the The two stories related above their sanctuaries. Early Christians

little bit that he did have. I can't represent the two most common suffered repeated persecutions unto

see where his religion has helped misconceptions of the fruits of redeath because of their faithfulness him any."ligious living. The first is that to the cross. John Huss, Savonarola,

We meet with people of all ages religion will save man from all sufand others lost their lives in defense and various experiences who have fering, sorrow, and disappointment of religious truth. The Huguenots in

become disillusioned about religion. in life. Religion, thus conceived, is France, the Puritans in England, the

Among them are sons of pioneers, a guardian angel who steers life's Jews the world over have suffered converts from the old country, ship over smooth seas. But religious because of religious conviction.

No Latterday Saint should forget the floods came, and the winds must suffer for my name's sake."

the lives that Mormonism has cost blew, and beat upon that house; (Acts 9:1516. Italics added.

to date. In the history of the Morand it fell not: for it was founded No, religious living does not inmon church, men have endured upon a rock. sure us against all tragic experialmost every form of persecution "And every one that heareth ences in life. Religious people die

and privation that man and the these sayings of mine, and doeth like everyone else. They become

elements can impose. Joseph Smith them not, shall be likened unto a involved in accidents not of their

experienced this in both life and foolish man, which built his house own volition or fault. Sometimes

death, giving fervid expression to upon the sand: they suffer things that the carefree

it in his prayer recorded in Section "And the rain descended, and the escape.

121 of the Doctrine and Covenants. floods came, and the winds blew, Rut religion does spare one from

Religion literally leads men to and beat upon that house; and it much suffering. The keeping of the

places where sorrow, suffering, and fell: and great was the fall of it."Word of Wisdom in its fullest sense

difficulties abound. Jesus came to (Matt. 7:2427.) will help to keep one physically fit

share the burden of the sinner, to All those who base their lives on and better able to resist disease minister unto the sick and afflicted, the teachings of Jesus build their and physical and mental strain. In

to comfort those who mourn, which house upon a rock. Those who do prayer, faith, and administrations

means, in effect, to share the burnot, build their house upon the to the sick, religion offers one dens of life, and he said unto his sand. Note this, that both houses unique aid to health.

disciples. "Go thou and do likereceive the same punishment. The Most of the suffering and sorrow

wise.""Feed my sheep."rain descends, floods come, and man experiences is not physical, but

The religious life is not a fairywinds blow and beat upon both mental and spiritual. It is here that

land existence that promises eshouses. The difference is that one religion makes perhaps its finest

cape from the realities of life, but withstands the onslaught, the other contribution. The enemies of good

rather a life that shares responsidoes not. mental health are based largely on

bilities in the most vital of life's The Master said to his beloved a wrong conception of the place of process. It is not a flight from the disciples: "I send ye forth as sheep self in the world. The religion of

world either in thought or deed. among wolves."And they found Jesus gives man the true conception

Jesus makes this clear in his Serout that his words were true as they of self in relation to other selves.

mon on the Mount: laid down their lives for him. To The religious man is spared the life-

"Therefore whosoever heareth Ananias, who objected to the bapdestroying attitudes of envy and these sayings of mine, and doeth tism of Saul of Tarsus, the word jealousy that result from selfishthem, I will liken him unto a wise came ness; the hatred and licentiousness

man, which built his house upon "Go thy way: for he is a chosen which follow from a want of sym-

a rock: vessel unto me.... For I will pathy and reverence for life; and

"And the rain descended, and shew him how great things he the fear, worry, and anxiety which

Era, November 1970 91

spring from ignorance, wrongdren, physical, mental, and social alty to his Church, love of service doing, and a lack of proper perhealth, and are not dissipated in to fellowmen, the love of giving, spective. channels that are destructive of or the joy of practicing unselfishness

The second misconception illusindifferent to man's truest needs. are more noble and more blessed.

trated by the statement of the But people will be disappointed Yes, religion reaches down and young man is that religious living in religion if they think that it permeates our material wellbeing, will make one prosperous. There is guarantees one a rich share in the and indirectly leads to happiness

justification and evidence for this material goods of the earth, that and success in this important phase point of view. It is a belief held by one of the chief functions of religion of life. Yet, let it be remembered

is to make people wealthy. The that the Lord "maketh his sun to

'The second fruits of religion cannot be mearise on the evil and on the good, sured in material terms. History and sendeth rain on the just and

misconception is that records the ironical paradox that on the unjust."( Matt. 5:45. ) Let no

even when religion led to prosone measure the fruits of religious religious living will perity, this, in turn, tended to unliving primarily in dollars. It is not

make one prosperous. ''derminewas true theof religiousPuritan andspirit.NephiteThis fairIn to onethe purposesof the mostof religion.beautiful

history. It is also evidenced in the chapters in sacred literature (Alma

the Hebrews, Book of Mormon lives of many individuals. 32), Alma pleads with his people

peoples, the Puritans, and LatterIt was certainly not the primary to plant the seed of faith with this day Saints. purpose of God to make the Latterpromise:

History has vindicated this belief day Saints prosperous when he di- "... behold, it will begin to swell

in certain religious groups. Book rected them to leave the fertile within your breasts; and when you

of Mormon history repeatedly testilands of Ohio and Illinois, potenfeel these swelling motions, ye will fies to the prosperity that followed tial commercial and manufacturing begin to say within yourselves—It

righteous living. The followers of centers of great magnitude, to must needs be that this is a good

John Calvin, particularly the Purstruggle with the physical hardseed, or that the word is good, for itans of Holland, England, and ships of the Rocky Mountain counit beginneth to enlarge my soul;

America, who were the preeminent try and its more restricted types of yea, it beginneth to enlighten my creators of our modern industrial economic endeavor, compared with understanding, yea, it beginneth to order, were greatly inspired by rethe East, the Pacific Coast, and the be delicious to me."(AX. 32:28.

ligious beliefs and practices. The Great Lakes regions. Italics added.

Jains and Parsis, two small sects of Motives more important than maThen, comparing the religious

India, are the most prosperous of terial interests led Brigham Young life with a tree, Alma writes the native people of India. Their to develop agriculture rather than "But if ye will nourish the word,

prosperity is attributed in large mining in the West, resulting in the yea, nourish the tree as it beginneth measure to their religious way of acquisition of the greatest sources to grow, by your faith with great life. The religious influence on the of wealth here by nonMormons. diligence, and with patience, lookeconomic status of Latterday Saints Then, too, much of the wealth proing forward to the fruit thereof,

has long been apparent. duced by the Latterday Saints goes it shall take root; and behold it

The gospel of Jesus Christ does into (economically speaking) nonshall be a tree springing up unto and should produce prosperity productive channels, such as miseverlasting life.

in two ways: first, by developsionary work, temple work, the "... behold, by and by ye shall

ing the wellnamed economic erection and maintenance of beaupluck the fruit thereof, which is virtues—industry, honesty, integtiful houses of worship, recreation most precious, which is sweet above

rity, punctuality, thrift, and fruhalls, charity, and religious eduall that is sweet, and ivhich is white gality. These inevitably lead to cation. above all that is white, yea, and

financial success, other things beThere are a dozen better reasons pure above all that is pure; and ye

ing equal. Second, a religious philfor paying tithing than the hope of shall feast upon this fruit even unosophy of life gives good direction material blessings in return—the til ye are filled, that ye hunger not,

to one's expenditures. Earnings are spirit of making a trade with the neither shall ye thirst."(Al. 32:41invested in the home, educational Lord. Love of God, a sense of shar42. Italics added.)

and cultural advantages for chiling in his work and purposes, loyIn 2 Peter 1:5-8 we read:

Is the (SweCWewso in

"... giving all diligence, add to your home?your faith virtue; and to virtue

knowledge; "And to knowledge temperance;

and to temperance patience; and to

patience godliness;

"And to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness

charity. "For if these things be in you, and abound, they make you that ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of our

Lord Jesus Christ."( Italics added.

Paul enumerates the fruits of Every week the Deseret News "Church News"Section religion in Galatians 5:2223: bringsthe ChurchLatterdayand containsSaints together.reports, instructionIt is an officialand newsorganthatof

"But the fruit of the Spirit is love, should be in every L.D.K. home. It costs very little. Mail this

coupon now for information.

joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, "Meekness, temperance: against (SKurcgCWew*

such there is no law."143 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah 841 10

Among the most delicious fruits "ChurchPlease sendNews."me subscription information on the

of religious living are things spiriName tual, as these writings testify. They Address

relate to the mental and moral life City State Zip of man; and where is life with its

possibilities of either joy or misery, if not in the mind?

Religion opens up a new world to man. The truly religious person

becomes identified with law. He

learns to thrill in the satisfaction that comes from freely living in harmony with God's laws. To love

fellowmen, to hold life in reverence, is no more a duty, but a passion that needs to be satisfied.

And such a man, hungering and Ask the woman whothirsting after righteousness, will surely be filled. Religion will not preserve man owns a GAS dryer.

from all sorrow and suffering, nor necessarily make him prosperous, Let her tell you how much less it costs to operate and but it does promise him the precious maintain than the other kind... how it keeps up with

fruits of the spirit—peace, joy, love, her washer... and how well it dries—from the most

and a meaningful life. And that delicate lingerie to work clothes and throwrugs. Talk

promise holds for today, as well as to her—then see your gas appliance dealer.

for tomorrow.

It is also clear from the context of these writings that these fruits of the spirit tasted are to be and FUEL life in this as inenjoyed well as Gas<?GIVES YOU MOUNTAIN SUPPLY COMPANY ABETTEReternity. O DEAL -NotuAoA Svu/cceGoa

Era, November 1970 93 Marba C. Josephson

(18971965), formerly associate managing editor of the Improvement Era Volume 50, July 1947

I IN TH! FORWARD! MARCH OF THE CHURCH B, liuLCJU, |Woman's Place

in the Forward March of the Church

ifffjaHftj'Vl:

By Marba C. Josephson

Who shall say who played the the mother, when, forgetful of her doing their work well and giving most important part in the hundred own fatigue and destitution, she of their time and energy to improve years that have passed since the took unwearied pains to fix up, in the conditions of the place in which pioneers entered the valley of the a most palatable form, the allotted they dwell; their children become

Great Salt Lake? Men's names portion of food, and as she dealt respected members of their school

come immediately to mind because it out was cheering the hearts of and neighborhood and Church their work is that of recorded hisher homeless children, while, as I communities—and grow to a welltory. The story of the women truly believed, her own was lifted adjusted maturity, keeping so busy

behind those men is rarely told to God in fervent prayer that their in wholesome activity that they and more rarely recorded. And yet lives might be preserved, and, above have no time to indulge in those

behind nearly every man whose all, that they might honor him in actions which would tend to make name assumed greatness stands a the religion for which she was an them delinquent.

woman whose untold power helped exile from the home once sacred Thus, to Latterday Saints the make him what he became. to her, for the sake of those preforemost concern of women of all

Women endured the rigors of the cious ones that God had committed time is the welfare of those in their trail along with the men, and in to her care."homes, and the greatest ideal for

addition gave birth to children Woman's first concern must ever Latterday- Saint women consists who would bear the heritage of be the home, for without it all in the rearing of respectable, Godfaith. And this ordeal occurred civilization will fail, and if civilizafearing families.

under almost every variety of tion fails, the Church itself cannot But there are those, even among circumstances imaginable, except survive. Hence, it is of no small Latterday Saints, who perhaps

those to which the women had importance that the General Aumay not marry, or, having marpreviously been accustomed. thorities stress the need for women ried, may unfortunately be denied

Eliza R. Snow said: "Many of to train themselves for wifehood the right of motherhood. They have

our sisters walked all day, rain or and motherhood as the greatest of great capabilities that turned to shine, and at night prepared supall careers. Through motherhood use can help other mothers probpers for their families with no women make their most important ably not so gifted. Many of these

sheltering tents, and then made contribution to the world as a women labor as teachers, as social their beds in and under the wagons whole and to the Church in parworkers, as nurses, as writers; and

that contained their earthly all. ticular. When women fulfill their their abilities, their aptitudes help

How frequently, with intense symdestiny, their husbands become rebetter the community through the pathy and admiration, I watched spected members of the community, sublimation of their mother love.

logical thewhich, being denied entered successhave Women Invest now in inculmination physical fully motherfields all the if not into most hood, impels them to become into which men have entered. To

mothers of the community. each of these professions women

There are other women whose have made their own particular abilities have made it possible for and peculiar contributions. In the

them to rear their own children early days when the throes of well and still have enough energy childbirth were so stark and tragic and capability to turn their minds that even strong men quailed beto other activities outside the four fore the ordeal, woman's humaniwalls of their homes, to the benefit tarian qualities came to the front BANK OF of the world and the lasting satisto make her do that which she could SALT LAKE faction of the women themselves. to ease her sisters'suffering and

The classic example from biblical curtail the infant mortality which and enjoy times is Deborah, who originated, had reached such staggering proso far as we know, the proud title, portions.

"a mother in Israel."Deborah Even at the time when doctoring

undoubtedly was a most gifted was considered exclusively a man's EQUITYwoman, in addition to being a field, Brigham Young "called"cermother, for the Bible records, "And tain women to enter this field. In a

Deborah, a prophetess, the wife of conference session of 1873, PresiLapidoth, she judged Israel at that dent Young stated, among other plustime."(Judg. 4:4.) things: "If some women had the

The Latterday Saint women reprivilege of studying, they would call with a great deal of pride that make as good mathematicians as in a time when women were conany man. We believe that women

sidered as chattel by most countries are useful not only to sweep houses, of the world, and Blackstone tried wash dishes and raise babies, but to assure this inferior position to that they should study law... or

women, the Church of Jesus Christ physics.... The time has come for

For as little as can you $248.75 a place with in forth as doctorsaccorded woman to come man, women

of in fastest invest Utah's one

.. thatrecognizing without of the these valleys mountains. woman You'll a high enjoy banks.."growing

man could not attain his full staWhat that call meant, only the interest rate of 8V2% plus an ture. They recall also that when women themselves could tell—pioequity in Bank of Salt Lake

the Lord created Eve he said, "I neering into a man's field, leaving through ownership of its comstock. monwill make an help meet for him."home and loved ones in order to This new offering, made through

And the definition of the word follow the profession to which they the prospectus, consists of Units "meet"means suitable, fitting, and wished to dedicate their lives. In of Common Stock and Capital

they are content. the medical schools of the East, Notes. Each $248.75 buys one

To enumerate the great women these women were looked down of8Vz%CommonCapital Stock.Note and 45 shares

of the Church, either past or presupon as something less than women For full details on this sound ent, would of necessity be to elimiso to demean themselves as to investment opportunity, send tonate many whose names may shine enter schools where heretofore only day for a free copy of the offerwith equal lustre. But the names male students had been in attening circular.

of all of them will probably never dance. MEMBER F.D.I. C.

be known. Their deeds have transBack home again, they had often AND MASTERCHARGEA FULLSERVICE BANK

ferred themselves into the lives of to defend themselves from men those whom they have touched, doctors of their own faith who deBANK OF SALT LAKE but their stories have passed into cried women's following so unusual or3081260SouthSouthState13th StreetEast the shadow of oblivion, from which a profession. But women's hearts Salt Lake City, Utah

it may be impossible to resurrect were tender toward those who sufPlease send a free copy of the Offertheir deeds until the last judgment fered, and they resolved to temper ing Circular to:

day when the unknown shall be that suffering to the best of their Name known and the unhonored, honored. innate sympathy and their careful Address

City

State Era, November 1970 95 Zip REMEMBER

training. Their hearts refused to The challenge for the women of

harbor the thought that disease and the Church is as great today aswas death should strike mothers and that which faced the earlyday pioMuskQuality and Service Since 1911Co, innocent children. They studied neer women of the Church. Impor327 Broadway diligently methods for curtailing tant new frontiers still wait to be

Idaho Falls, Idaho epidemics and fighting contagion. conquered by the courageous deFOR EVERYTHING MUSICAL In the field of letters and the scendants of the pioneer woman.

arts Mormon women are certainly These new problems lie well within

CHORAL sassa-ssaasab-satbttbb deserving of honor. At a time when a woman's sphere: the brotherhood

VOCAL SOLOS secular and sacred women in other parts of the world of man, because man does not sense were so dubious about appearing the full import of this belief; worldPIANO SOLOS

under their own names that they peace, because man has a comPIANO METHODS assumed men's names when they bative nature that the mothers of

PIANO COLLECTIONS wrote, Eliza R. Snow was publishmen must sublimate to good; and

SACRED PIANO COLLECTIONS ing poetry that stirred the hearts of the fatherhood of God, for women

ORGAN METHODS men and women. Emma Smith, as the children's earliest teachers

ORGAN COLLECTIONS wife of the Prophet, was collecting, have the golden opportunity to lay

POPULAR VOCAL FOLIOS at the Prophet's express request, the this foundation securely in the hymns of Zion that all, men and hearts and minds of the new genPOPULAR SHEET MUSIC women alike, might sing praises to eration.

of today must not Write for new lists their Creator. From that time to the We women present women have been interfail—dare not fail—our foremothers.

Orders filled immediately ested in music, some making it a And if we do not fail, our descen-

P. O. BOX 2009 - ZIP 83401 career, others being content to endants can be as proud of us as we

joy its cultural influence in their are proud of our mothers and homes or communities. grandmothers. O

Longing By Blanche Kendall McKey

January 1930 And it will bring you back—

MEXICO The burst of spring, The low sweet calling of the whippoor- 23 days will And you will see the star above the lake

Sunshine & Flowers And watch the firefly dance below the

Jan. 9-31, 1971 hill,

Fine Hotels—Delicious Food The throbbing of your heartsong hushed

Pure Water and still.

Excellent Entertainment Fabulous Ruins—Ocean Paradise Oh, it will bring you back—

Visit: Mazatlan The burst of spring;

Guadalajara Mexico City The gardenfolk a-dance ivith joy set free,

Acapulco Taxco The oriole a-singing in the tree,

Yucatan Peninsula The little path a-gleaming in the sun

Only To welcome one $399 all17inclusivemeals BesideContenttheawhilebranchto stay.the oriole is swinging—

ERMA and ARNOLD WHITE But I shall be too far away,

YOUR TRAV-A-LEADERS Too far away "FIESTA TOURS"1795 East 3170 South To hear his singing.

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 4849752 Let This Be Heaven By Harrison R. Merrill—18941938

November 1935

crystal streams, Oh, God, let this be heaven—I have been healed by

/ do not ask for golden streets, Which fall from snowcrowned peaks to the day incense dawn burns Where walls, jasper long for Or

Harrison in streaks. the sky And paints shores pearly I sigh for do R. Merrill Nor(18841938),

managingformerly falls; never twilight Where

of theeditor these peaks, Dear God, let this be heaven—beside leave me here Era JustImprovement In this rough western land,—/ do not ask for angel wings,

/ love this dear old world of thine—Just leave that old peak there

: Dear God, you understand. And let me climb till comes the night—

/ want no golden stair.

Oh, God, let this be heaven—

. / do not crave white, stainless robes; Then, when I say my last adieu

I'll keep these marked by toil; And all farewells are given \i

Instead of straight and narrow tvalks Just leave my spirit here somewhere—

I love trails soft with soil; Oh, God, let this be heaven! *

,k %

'in mn

t***

V"

y* 1,-*% ""sr**-

JpPPwt

r

"%****.

WjesStK PIONEER iffiS;;- humor;;

: ""-'r—*><-.>.-. HARRINGTON aX

T3.eeir

K.

YOU CAN By Judge Daniel Harrington (18601943), Utah jurist LIVE IN

SALT LAKE CITY EsisHsii SSSSfSff* SHS5S at the While the Utah pioneers of 1847 telling the causes of the Latterday and those immediately following Saints'coming to the Salt LakeNEWHOUSE were a seriousminded people, on Valley, he was wont to say: "We

Center of City occasion they dealt with and encame here willingly because we

Overnight and Residential joyed many fine phases of humor were obliged to."Free Parking

Family Rooms and repartee. Those who knew the late PresiDaily from $8.00 There is the story told of a perdent Jedediah M. Grant, especially

son who got the impression that those who knew him in his missionre- President the in the Southern States, Brigham Young ary work had MONTHLY RATE gift of interpreting several dreams. This count anecdotes and bon

to his prestige $200. individual had been troubled with mots which added

quite a fantastic dream throughout and his popularity. It was currently

PRIVATE ROOM—BATH the night. So in the morning, he stated by the friends of Elder Grant

ALL—MEALSMAIL FORandDETAILSSERVICES—toldasked ofPresidenthis excitingYoung dreamif he couldand thatthirtyheminuteswas ableon anyto speakgiven attext.leastSo

give him an interpretation of it. some of those who thought they

NEWHOUSE 4th South and Main The President listened to his could show this claim to be absurd,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 statement. After the dreamer had at one public meeting handed up to

Name finished, Brigham Young asked, him on the rostrum a folded blank "What did you have for your supsheet of paper. This the elder unper last evening, Brother Jones?"folded meticulously and after pausAddress The party answered: "Well, I had ing a few moments proceeded to

quite a hearty dinner. L had some deliver an address with the paper

Print Name and Address pork chops, some vegetables, and I before him. This he did in a very

ate half a mince pie for dessert."apt way by saying that he was glad

The President looked at him in a to receive the paper in that it quizzical way, and said: "Brother showed the infirmity of a great

Jones, you go home tonight and eat many of his critics who insisted If there is a booh the other half of that mince pie and that they believe in a God without any booh - you'llPresidentget theGeorgeinterpretation."A. Smith was body,very typicalparts, ofor passions,their oracle.""so this is

ash us about it. knownOne wellknownfor his drywitticismwit andofhumor.PresiwhichPerhapslightenedit was thepioneerpioneerhardshipshumor

specialize We in outof-print dent Smith has been currently—and we who follow the pioneers Utah publications. LDS and

known for many years. In sermons are glad for the leaven which they

ZION BOOK STORE on several important occasions in developed. O

254 So. Main

Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

98 Era, November 1970,:...::, '.:

Hi.:/;.":.;.,v,—salt lake city, utah. --- D,;co, It"...maybringhavegood goodsseemedheresimpleand selladvice:them

as low as possible"... but it has been the

..:.! /::* ri/: orsanizeo tses, -? '1<l8 'foundation for a long and satisfying life

Manufactur&t's, SmporttrB orici Dtililil In for America's First Department Store.

Happily, ZCMI continues to grow, to

I serve more and more friends in the inter-G- E N ERAL MERC H ANDIS K,

WMH.eS/,LE AKB KETAIL. mountain west—but always with gratitude

for our wise pioneer founders.

"In regard to tills cooperative institution, it is our duty to I bring good goods here and sell them as low as possible, and divide I the profits with the people at large, u-*-Prest. Brigkam Yeiingi.u /S6S, 1

j These fundamental principles have been and are our guide.

The thousands who dea! with us know this, and hence we retaintieir patronage. o:rv<r i T. G. WEBBER, Superintendent. zSALT LAKE COTTONWOOD VALLEY FAIR OGDEN

Qihrles has the smoothest line in town.

Charles is just full of flattery. The smoothest line in town. Many

exciting styles and shades of superior hosiery to fit every budget and serve every need.

Look for longlasting Charles hosiery in discriminating business outlets which cater to the feminine mystique—beauty salons,

boutiques, fashion shops. Charles helps you look your best.

After all, you deserve it.

Qrarlesnc. 2520 S. STATE, SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH 84115

NAME.

ADDRESS.

CITY STATE. ZIP.

D Please send names of Charles dealers nearest me.

still available to service estabdistributorships Please on send information territories. exclusive dealer O lished accounts in

ABSOLUTELY NO OBLIGATION Advertisement

is for Medicine, Music is for Architecture and Mathematics

is for Business... and Ballet

is for Social Work

is for Computer Science

is for University of Utah

is for Law

is for Zoology

Every missing letter signifies courses and degree offerings. The University of Utah offers programs

leading to bachelors, masters and doctoral degrees in more than 90 fields of study. That's more than

any other University between Denver and the West Coast. If you would like all the details, please write

for "The Goal is Learning"or telephone direct to Director of Admissions, 309 Park Building, University of Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah 84112, (3227281).

President J. Reuben

Clark, Jr., former

U.S. Ambassador toMexico and member Who is youth? When is youth?

of the First Presidency from 19331961

who is youth?

t *uy wt *iligi> IN unmiii c*r. jw hi* yu* mi

By President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.*

I should like to touch upon a very few of the many long ago day of ours. We are a little shamefaced about

problems which confront you. I warn you they are them now, because even to our dimming eyes and

the veriest commonplaces; the obvious; you have jaded imaginations, the actual realities bear, to the

heard them often before; wisdom seemed to suggest things we boasted and prophesied, hardly the resemit might be well for you to hear them again. They blance of a thin, pale shadow of a defaming caricature.

concern you as the youth of today. And in turn, the things we then had the courage to

And speaking of youth, I wish to touch upon some boast and to prophesy were but the faintest echoes of of the ideas underlying the socalled youth movement what we dreamed and visioned.

of the day—not because I am justified in feeling that On that faraway day, some of us strutted off the

you here are infected with these ideas, for I must campus great warriors, others sort of smirked off as assume, to the contrary, that the spirit and teachings renowned diplomats, eclipsing Machiavelli at his best of this church will have given you the true view of—or worst; others went forth jurists, statesmen, orators,

life, its meaning, its high purpose, its destiny of ultipainters, dramatists, officers of cabinet, presidents.

mate divinity. But I shall do it merely by way of Strength knotted our muscles, courage fired our blood,

inoculating you against future contagion or infection. the will to do was king; hope leaped to the top of the

I shall do it with such soberness as an old man can topmost sky, ambition was a roaring lion, victory muster, who has had some experience, some disillustood with arms outstretched, fame smiled and becksionment, but who stands in a faith which strengthens oned. Oh, what a glorious day it was! What a disday by day, with some vision of the beauties and tinguished class we were!

glories of the gospel and of its eternal principles which, So we went forth in ecstasy, treading on air. Then

obeyed, will lead us on to salvation and exaltation. we dreamed on, and dreamed to put the world in

We again, all of us, even though we have passed by step, our step, the step of buoyant, vibrant youth. But

the deadline of seventy years, still remember in a youth passed on away from us, with the world, not sort of debilitated way how we felt when we went ourselves, still out of step.

over the top for a piece of sheepskin. I say "went over In this time we first learned some rather obvious

the top,"but some of us slipped through between the things, that to then we had not really known. Of course

bars, and others just managed to crawl under the you know them already. We learned there were

bottom one. But, old as we are, we remember some day and night, that there were twentyfour hours in a

of the things we boasted and prophesied on that great, day and 365 days in a year; that we did not keep the

same age, but year by year we grow older ( that is, half address delivered at Brigham Young University, June "Commencement 1937. 9, of us learned this ); that every year had four seasons,

Era, November 1970 101 falling in the same sequence; that the rain fell on the trust in the divine will and purpose. And so we passed

just and the unjust and that the sun shone on all alike; to the middleaged maturity.

that when it was cold it was cold for everybody, and As knowledge grew and experience multiplied, we the same with the heat. We found that springtime gathered wisdom, the most precious of God's gifts to

was the time of planting, that fall was the time of the mind. Then this maturity, which had so gradually

harvesting; that if we did not plant in the spring, we worked its way amongst us, it too passed on. Ripecould not harvest in the fall; that seasons of big crops ness came, sometimes overripeness; and finally we

might be followed, and in the long view were always are become as you see us today—your parents and your

followed, by small crops or none at all. We found that grandparents, and rightly or wrongly, we see ourselves

the earth and its people were governed by law and in you. And because we passed through all these

order and not by whim and caprice, nor by our desire. things I have spoken about, and our parents and grandWe learned that the mass of people cared little for parents passed through them before us, and theirs

what we said and less about what we thought. And before them, we, from this experience of ours that I

Nature did not even know we had spoken or thought. have told you about, conclude that you will travel

These things we learned; a dreamdestroying conalong by the very same way.

Someone shakes his head. May I ask him to think

of this: The experiences of humans through the ages

prophesy what each generation will do with its time, its effort, and its life. Sometimes political, economic,'No baser thing was ever

or moral plagues afflict humanity and the prophecy concocted than the idea that seems to fail, just as diseases and physical plagues poured out upon men may seem to break for a time the mortality rules of the actuary's insurance tables the sex impulse is like which predict the length of human life with the accuracy of an algebraic formula. But time in each

the impulse of hunger and thirst case rights all this, and the great constants of human life resume control. Nothing is more certain in all the

its variaand is to be like gratified..."universe than human nature, even though in

tions among individuals it approaches infinity. Youth

may not expect any change in this principle.

If I were reading the thoughts of someone holding sciousness began to come to us as it does to one who the ideas of the youth movement of today, I should awakes from a sound sleep. Our eyes slowly opened; see plainly written out on the illuminated leaves of

we blinked out upon a strange world, one of realities. his brain, a protest against what I am saying and a

Then along came full manhood and womanhood to declaration that these times are different; that old

live with us. We began to feel the press of gaining a rules are gone; that old laws have been changed; that

livelihood, the responsibilities of a family; we met a new world is here with new hopes, new ideas, new

greed and avarice; we came to know deception and standards, new aspirations, new achievements, new

falsehood; cheating and dishonesty visited us; the adjustments; that the world belongs to youth, which

bitter conflicts of life pushed themselves upon us; is to come now into its longpostponed heritage.

we had to do battle for the existence of ourselves and To us who have been working, struggling for a lifeloved ones. We learned we could not cheat, cajole, time to get a small portion of the earth, this idea of

deceive, or defraud nature, nor great natural laws, nor owning the earth has its allurements. As our early

spiritual laws, either. We found that the law always youth dreams were not pictured in quite such bold

exacts its penalty. colors as yours, two questions come to our aged minds,

This time was, for all of us, the time of disillusiondisciplined by many disappointing years: Who is

ment, and, for some of us, the time when hope died youth? Is it you who are here today, or those who

and discouragement came to dwell with us. But as were here a year ago or ten years ago, or those who

troubles piled higher and higher, there came to those will be here a year hence, or ten years hence? And the

who lived righteously enduring faith, the hope of other question is: When is youth? Is it from 15 to 18,

eternal life, a knowledge that God lives, an understandor 19 to 20, 21 to 24, or 25 to 30, or all the way from ing of the truths of the gospel and of its saving prin15 to 30; and if 15, why not 14, and then down to the

ciples, a love for God and for fellowmen, an abiding cradle roll; and if 30, why not 31, and up to take in

us of the classes of the '80s and the '90s of the last did not have. Our freedom, our guarantee of liberties,

century? This latter idea looks so attractive to us that our constitutional government, these were not threatwe should like time to consider it. ened when we went forth. The world threatens them

Of course, if you include anyone more than 21 or now, in every land and clime. Lawlessness, disorder,

22, you will find that the older ones have already greed, avarice, swagger about us. Free government, the

staked out a claim to some of the earth's crust and government of democracy, is challenged. If it is to be

they may not willingly give it up. Furthermore, when saved, then the youth of yesterday, the youth who are

you have reached that age, you will have staked out here, the youth who are coming, must save it.

your claim and you may not be quite willing to give it Civil war again threatens, indeed may even now up to some youngster who is three or four years your have begun. This time it is class war, the most cruel,

junior, just because he feels the acquisitive urge. You the bloodiest, the most inhuman of all, as the French

will think he might go to work and earn his own, just and Russian revolutions and the civil war in Spain so as you did, and not take what you have worked for. clearly show.

But even if youth (whoever and whenever it is) A few generations back, your ancestors gave their could accomplish these little turnovers to themselves lives to establish democracy on this continent: your

of flocks and lands, houses and stocks, that belong to grandfathers fought and died to give the freedom of someone else, what about jobs and places and posithat democracy to all men, irrespective of race or tions requiring experience and long cultivated skill? color; some of your fathers and brothers went to the

A playwright for instance; the public may not confront in World War I to maintain democracy, and

sider each one who wishes to write a Shakespeare, some of them never returned. The price of human

The public is peculiar that way, and has its own inliberty has always been human suffering and human convenient ideas. So of painting and sculpture, and sacrifice. You may have to determine how much this

music and law, and so through the list of professions freedom, which has come to you without price, is and of the management of any great business, indusworth to you and to your children, what price will trial or financial. And the same principles hold true you pay, whether, if necessary, you also will make the

in the schools, in the Church, and in all activities of final sacrifice as did your forefathers. I pray the Lord

life. People want in responsible places persons of to give you wisdom and courage. You will need both,

experience in whom they have confidence and trust; We may not set up falsehood in any of its myriad

but experience, confidence, and trust are plants of forms, and worship it; false lives, false living; false

very slow growth. standards; false ideals; false doctrines; false principles;

Some may say: We could learn. Surely youth can false companions; false prophets; false Christs; false

learn. And that answer solves the problem. But learngods. This we must not do.

ing takes time, and time breeds age, and age murders I must not get the profits and pleasures of my life youth. So if it be to youth that the earth belongs, from the goods and sorrows of others. What the world

then youth loses by robbing itself through gaining age. needs today as badly as it needs anything is a knowlBut another one may say you are speaking of the edge between meum et tuum—between mine and

grossly material things. True, there are things we yours. You may reasonably expect to enjoy your own

have to eat, to drink, and to wear; these are rather rights and your own goods only if you will respect

important, too. But we are thinking of the higher the rights and goods of others. There can be no

things that make—I wonder if I dare say it, it is a peace and safety in the world, and no liberty, without

fine phrase—the "more abundant life."Some youth are these. Indeed, with these gone, civilization will go. I

saying we are planning new laws of economics, new pray you ponder this over in your minds; its truth will

political tenets, new rules for finance, new principles come to you. Then guide your actions by it.

of international conduct and relations. We will let you For a full century it has been our declared Church

old men do all these other oldfashioned, necessary belief that "no government can exist in peace, except things. such laws are framed and held inviolate as will secure

I am sure that study and reflection will show that to each individual the free exercise of conscience, the our economics, our politics, our finance, our princiright and control of property, and the protection of pies of international conduct and relations are at least life."(D&C 134:2.)

a part of the best of all that has gone before. Not all The movement of the world today against these is

bad has yet been cut out; but over the centuries the not inspired from above,

worst always dies; the best lives. And in this relation, let me urge you to consider

But the times also bring youth other problems we this: It is one thing for an individual to fail to live

Era, November 1970 103

a standard, and quite another for him to change his tuted among Men, deriving their just Powers from the standard of life, even though "he does the same wrong Consent of the Governed...."O

each time. Society has survived arson, pillage, robbery,

and murder, however widespread they were, in fact, Another notable item from President Clark's when they were under the ban of social order and of address to the youth of a modern day is here reprinted:

the mass conscience; we shall not continue as a social "No baser thing, nor more destructive of all the

organism when these crimes shall become the standard finer sentiments and sensibilities of life, was ever conby which the mass is guided, no matter what the cocted than the idea that the sex impulse is like the avowed motive or pretended need for the standard, and impulse of hunger and thirst and is to be like gratified, no matter how circumscribed the occasion for doing This doctrine is born of the evil one; it leads to

s the crimes is made. Because in the one case, the destruction. Sex is scarcely held in bounds when

standard is righteous, with some man falling away banked about with all the restraint and control which therefrom; the other standard is unrighteous, with all a mature and disciplined will can build up, and when

men paying their homage thereto. It is in this last that will is helped by attaching to sex the sanctity

direction that the world now plunges. We must count which belongs to it as being placed in man that he

upon you to save it, that human liberty and freedom of may help carry out the divine plan of giving bodies conscience shall be saved, that the Lord's work may to waiting spirits. But when sex is bidden to well up

continue on earth so that men's souls may be saved. within the bodies of immature, undisciplined, unknowHow glorious the principles of our great Declaration ing, unwise youth, it becomes a boiling caldron that

of Independence consumes all the finer instincts and leaves its victims "We hold these Truths to be selfevident: that all physical and moral wrecks.

Men are created equal, that they are endowed by their "You youth, facing the divine relationship of parentCreator with certain inalienable Rights, that among hood, do not, I beseech you, drag yourselves and your these are Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Happiness—children down to the ground among the beasts; rather

That to secure these Rights, Governments are instiraise yourselves to the skies among the angels."O

To the Old Year By Mary Hale Woolsey

December 1929

Old Year, Old Year! They've opened wide Oh, do you grieve, this fickleness to see?

the door. Or do you smile, unhurt by any slight,

The time is drawing near for you to go. Now that you stand so near eternity?

Their gay shouts rend the midnight frosty And are you calm because you understand air, And value properly each joy and pain,

And bells ring out across the silver snow. Knowing that time will heal the bitter hurts

The little, trembling New Year waits close And bring some share of happiness again?

by; This wisdom did you bring to me, Old

The bells, the shouts, the clamor are for Year!

—Forhim.you, an unmourned passing in the CanAndivelcomeI, who oncein thelookednew, forwardwith faithfearfully,made

night, strong None caring if your silent path be dim. Because you, Old Year, have been kind

A year ago, such wild acclaim was yours! to me.

104 Era, November 1970 NOW AVAILABLE in response to many requests a reissue of one of the great books of the Church:

twelfth edition of GOSPEL STANDARDS by President Heber J. Grant

A whole new generation of Church members will welcome the inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom of the seventh President of the Church in this vitally significant Church work.

Typical Excerpts

'Now I want to make all mistakes on the side "The Lord is no respecter of persons, and will

it. all in for If I can of a while success to to see give work mercy. who want But once

. -:;::-:

bit of of justice the the only impress a little get just youth of a chanceI upon minds among people."Zion the eloquence, the inexpressible elo-

J. Grant—Heber J. Grant quence of work, I shall feel fully—Heberrepaid."

WP:Ml:0M::9B

"Gospel themes are elaborated; practical

questions of life discussed; wise suggestions made; and more than forty of President Grant's favorite spellbinding stories

are retold. It will hold the interest of all

to the last, and will come to occupy an

L. Evans important place in Mormon—Richardliterature."

Price is only $4.95 postpaid

Order from

79 S. State Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

And at book dealers everywhere.

Arr Improvement Era publication

Evan Stephens (18541930), composer; director

of the Tabernacle Choir for 24 years Volume 17, June 1914

Songs and Music of the Latterday Saints Swoifr ***& Mwtic of:("Gutter day SaJMU

By Evan Stephens

The songs and music of the LatSaints hymnbook strikes the key Others have in lesser numbers terday Saints are in perfect accord true, and is characteristic of what given us songs of perhaps equal with the spirit of the newly revealed should be the nature of our songs merit. Note the kindly gentleness

gospel of Jesus Christ, as restored and music. The apostle Parley P. of that sermon in song written by

in modern times through the Pratt was the singer, and in my President Charles W. Penrose:

Prophet Joseph Smith. judgment he had but one peer in

In contrast to that generally used the Church as a writer of Latter- "School thy feelings, O my brother;

by the churches of the day in day Saints songs or hymns—the Train thy warm impulsive soul;

which this church was set up anew beloved Eliza R. Snow. Note its Do not its emotions smother,

upon the earth, they are as light dignified, exalted brightness. But let wisdom's voice control."

to darkness, or brightness to gloom.—Hymns, No. 340

Expressions of fear and sorrow, the "The morning breaks; the shadows

terrible confessions of and lamenflee; The music composed for some of

tations over sin, the constant Lo, Zion's standard is unfurled! these, by Professor George Careless

dwelling upon the sufferings of our The dawning of a brighter day and others, fits so perfectly the crucified Savior, and the eternal Majestic rises on the world."character of the texts as to seem

tortures in store for sinners—these -Hymns, No. 269 inseparable from them, and one

give place in the songs of the cannot but think how much the

Latterday Saints to expressions of Needless to say that any hapwords must have suffered in exhope, joy, and the sense of sins hazard tune, fitting ever such a pression before this complementary forgiven. More emphasis is placed good, longmetered hymn, could music was used in their singing.

upon the love and glorious connever express that; every word and Let it be understood that we lay

quest of our Redeemer than upon sentence needs its own peculiar no claim to exclusive inspiration in his earthly sufferings; more on the fitting tone to tell it in music. the matters of songs or music; we

final redemption of all erring huThen hear the feminine, gentler not only believe that to a most manity than upon a neverending harp of Eliza R. Snow, and mark eminent degree great poets and

torment of souls. When the heart the prevailing note of joy in it: composers of all time and place

strings and the fount of tears are have been inspired, but from their to be specially touched at all, it is "Though deepening trials throng inspirational writings we freely with tenderness, sympathy, and joy your way, cull the material most suitable and rather than with terror and sorrow. Press on, press on, ye Saints of expressive of our religious thoughts

This is equally true of the keynote God! and emotions and use them in their

of text and music, when the songs Ere long the resurrection day full spirit and meaning. The splenare really characteristic of the preWill spread its life and truth did, devout songs of Watts, Wesley,

vailing spirit of "Mormonism."abroad."and others, we both use and revere.

One hymn in the Latterday—Hymns, No. 285 They were great prophetic heralds

of the coming dawn. We hold in These are expressions insepatwenty-five or thirty years, has

similar reverence, love, and adrable from the religious thoughts come into constant use, and truth miration the master works of the and feelings of the Latterday it is that it does not suffer in effecclassic composers, particularly those Saints, just as are such heroic tiveness by the side of classical of Protestant faith, writers of orastrains as the youth loves to sing: music.

torios from Handel to MendelsAnd the same can be said of consohn. "True to the faith that our parents cert pieces, though the great operas

The texts of the Catholic mass, have cherished, of every nationality lend their most being more ritualistic in character, True to the truth for which martyrs attractive numbers to make our make this magnificent music, writhave perished, best concerts musical events which ten for this special form of worship, To God's command, Soul, heart, visiting artists of highest rank speak less adaptable and quite generally and hand, about with enthusiasm. True it is

unsuited for our use. An "Ave Faithful and true we will ever that pretty, "taking"things, by

Maria,"for instance, is doctrinally stand."popular writers, appeal to the

opposed to our belief, as we do not—Hymns, No. 157 masses, but it is equally true that in

believe that prayers should be adour larger towns, and especially in dressed to the Virgin Mary, and so It isn't words or music to dream the great Tabernacle of Salt Lake as to many other points, even the over; it is that pulsating with the City, programs of this light type

general character of much of the life and action of today. If mystery would not be tolerated by either

music so expressive to the Catholic is an element of sublimity, as I beconductor or audience. Of course,

form of worship is unsuited to ours. lieve it is claimed, and rightly in we have, in the class of entertainBut much of the texts of the great literature, our songs are wanting ment, houses devoted to the frivoratorios, especially of Handel and in that element, but they make up olous, all the trashy music heard

Mendelssohn, fit our modes of for it in practical clearness, devoelsewhere in such places, and it is thought, expression, and even the tion, and fervor. enjoyed by the audiences not yet

experience, trials, and historic inciYesterday was the dreamer's day. risen above that standard in their

dents of our church, so generally Today belongs to the active, widetaste, but such is in no sense a charthat one might think they were awake worker, and our religion is acteristic of the songs and music of specially writen for our use. preeminently in harmony with tothe Latterday Saints.

A note of home love runs through day, and its unparalleled degree of The songs of the Sabbath schools, many of our most beloved songs, activity. while light, bright, and unpretentoo, that is very characteristic of Our songs and music, to a degree tious, musically are earnest, clean,

our feelings and a real part of our at least, are here again in harmony and natural, in tone and expression, religion. As the ancient singers of with our religion, as they should and effective for young voices.

Israel sang of their beloved Jerube; and, true to its active, optimisPerhaps we have here been a little

salem, Judea, and Canaan, so the tic character, our young people too much impressed by the rhythLatter-day Saints love to sing of sing: mic swing of socalled "gospel

their mountain home, their Zion hymns,"out of which error I trust and its associations: "We will work out our salvation; we will gradually emerge, as we

We will cleave unto the truth; realize more and more that youth,

"O ye mountains high, where the We will watch and pray and labor while naturally in harmony with a clear blue sky With the fervent zeal of youth."rhythmic flow that is expressive of

Arches over the vales of the free, -Ibid. the exuberance and life of youth,

Where the pure breezes blow and still can be touched and reached the clear streamlets flow, While anthems and choruses are by a more ennobling quality of deHow I've longed to your bosom to considerably selected from the votional expression and earnestness, flee! standard works of masters, German, and of deeper things musically.

O Zion! dear Zion! land of the free, Italian, French, English, ScandiWe should labor to continue the

Now my own mountain home, unto navian, Welsh, Scottish, and Ameradvancement of this living up to thee I have come, ican, the texts of the same being the Psalmist's injunction, "Let all the

All my fond hopes are centered in generally from the holy scriptures, people praise him,"until the conthee."we have music of this class by our gregations sing in harmony like a

—Hymns, No. 145 composers which, during the past choir. O

Era, November 1970 107 Milton Bennion Volume 12, December 1908 (18701953), formerly general superintendent of the Deseret Sunday School Union but first and chiefly to care about the greatest improvement of the soul. I tell you that virtue is not

given by money, but that from virtue comes money and every The other good of man, public as well as private. This is my teaching, Philosophers and if this is the doctrine which

corrupts the youth, my influence is ruinous indeed.... Whatever you of Conduct do, know that I shall never alter

my ways, not even if I have to die

By Milton Bennion many times.

Professor of Philosophy, University of Utah Do not, then, require me to do what I consider dishonorable and

The selections in this number are Men of Athens, I honor and love impious and wrong, especially now, restricted to the Apology, which you; but I shall obey God rather when I am being tried for impiety

occupies about forty pages in than you, and while I have life and on the indictment of Meletus. For

Jowett's translation of Plato's Diastrength I shall never cease from if, O men of Athens, by force of logues. The necessity of brevity the practice and teaching of philospersuasion and entreaty, I could

makes it impossible to give selecophy, exhorting any one whom I overpower your oaths, then I should tions that properly represent the meet after my manner, and conbe teaching you to believe that circumstances, and the arguments vincing him saying: O my friend, there are no gods, and convict myof Socrates. For this purpose it is why do you, who are a citizen of self, in my own defense, of not

necessary to read the Apology enthe great and mighty and wise city believing in them. But that is not

tire. Our aim has been to give of Athens, care so much about laythe case; for I do believe that there

those passages that illustrate best ing up the greatest amount of are gods, and in a far higher sense the moral principles of Socrates. money and honor and reputation, than that in which any of my acand so little about wisdom and cusers believe in them. And to you

truth and the greatest improvement and to God I commit my cause, to

Selections from the "Apology of the soul, which you never rebe determined by you as is best for of Socrates"* gard or heed at all. Are you not you and for me.

Some one will say: And are you ashamed of this? And if the person There are many reasons why I

not ashamed, Socrates, of a course with whom I am arguing, says, am not grieved, O men of Athens, of life which is likely to bring you "Yes, but I do care,"I do not depart at the vote of condemnation. I exto an untimely end? To him I may or let him go at once; I interrogate pected this, and am only surprised

fairly answer: There you are misand examine and crossexamine that the votes are so nearly equal.

taken: a man who is good for anyhim; and if I think that he has no I had not the boldness, or imputhing ought not to calculate the virtue, but only says that he has, dence or inclination to address you

chance of living or dying; he ought I reproach him with undervaluing as you would have liked me to

only to consider whether in doing the greater, and overvaluing the address you, weeping and wailin'g anything he is doing right or wrong less. And thus I should say to and lamenting, and saying and do-

—acting the part of a good man or everyone whom I meet, young and ing many things which you have

of a bad.... For wherever a man s old, citizen and alien, but especially been accustomed to hear from

place is, whether the place which to the citizens, inasmuch as they others, and which, as I say, are he has chosen, or that in which he are my brethren. For this is the unworthy of me. But I thought

is placed by a commander, there command to God, as I would have that I ought not to do anything he ought to remain in the hour of you know; and I believe that to this common or mean in the hour of

danger; he should not think of day no greater good has ever hapdanger; nor do I now repent the

death or of anything, but of dispened in the state than my service manner of my defense, and I would grace. And this, O men of Athens, to the God. For I do nothing but rather die having spoken after my

is a true saying. go about persuading you all, old manner, than speak in your manner

"Dialogues of Plato, Jowett's translation, and young alike, not to take thought and live.

New York: C. Scribners Sons. of your persons or your properties, The difficulty, my friends, is not

A SPECIAL HERITAGE

At TRACYCOLLINS we feel very much a part of the Utah Heritage. We've been

tg-y helping to plan for tomorrow since 1884.

So we've had original drawings done to in avoiding death, but in avoiding imprint on a special series of Heritage unrighteousness; for that runs Checks. The drawings reflect our state and

informacomplete community. our I now... And death. thanfaster yet, drop better write tion or phone For—or to by you condemned hence,depart you. nearest office TRACYCOLLINS the by

suffer the penalty of death, and TRACYCOLLINS IS UTAH'S ONLY they [the accusers of Socrates] to MAJOR BANK TO OFFER FREE MINIMUM WITH A CHECKING go their ways condemned by the $98.00! JUST OF BALANCE

truth to suffer the penalty of villainy and wrong; and I must abide

theirs. abide them reward—letmy

killing If men BANK InsAND TRUST that by you think you can avoid the accuser censur1516South Main Street ing your lives, you are mistaken; 475 East Second South

that is not a way of escape which 4707 Holladay Blvd.

is either possible or honorable; the 888 East 4500 South

easiest and the noblest way is not Salt Lake City,(801)Utah328816184111 to be crushing others, but to be Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation improving yourselves.

Wherefore, O judges, be of good cheer about death, and know this of to evil happen can no truth—that a THERE IS ONLY ONE

life or after in either a good man, death. He and his are not neglected BEAUTY "COLLEQE"—by the gods; nor has my own apChoosingso chooseacarefully.career schoolIf youis wantthe beginningajDrofitableof andtomorrowrewarding

proaching end happened by mere beauty career, then there's only chance. But I see clearly that to one choice. Study with Robert Steur

die and be released was better for and a staff of highly trained, me; and therefore the oracle gave awardwinning instructors.

the finest with graduate also, I You'll reason, sign. For which no available., beauty EDUCATION or accusers not angry with my am

my condemners, they have done me Jf&>l>&tl <tewt no harm, although neither of them BEAUTY COLLEGE OF

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH AVE. meant to do me any good; and for 1205 WILMINGTON

this I may gently blame them.

Still I have a favor to ask of Please send me complete information them. When my sons are grown up, Name

I would ask you, O my friends, to Address punish them; and I would have you City State Zip

trouble them, as I have troubled you, if they seem to care for riches, Telephone Age or anything, more than about virtue; or if they pretend to be something when they are nothing—then

reprove them, as I have reproved June 7 July 5, '71 you, for not caring about that for JohnTour& LucileEscortsWeenig RED CARPET TOUR EUROPE which they ought to care and thinkwhen something are they that ing Sweden, Norway, Scotland, London, Country Tour: week, 11 4

if you nothing. And are really they Belgium, France, Switzerland, Austria, Germany, Denmark, will have sons I and my do this,

received justice at your hands. Holland. Hotels, tours, bilingual guides, insurance, two meals

The hour of departure has arper day—Good Hotels.

rived, and we go our ways—I to die

and you to live—which is better, For more information

God only knows. O Write: Christopherson Travel Total Tour Price

Box 43, Provo, Utah $1,069 3735310

Era, November 1970 109

Dr. Sidney B. Sperry,

professor of Old Testament languages and literature, Brigham Young University

"fomni tm oLati THE STORY OF THE WRITING OF THE

TITLEPAGE TO THE BOOK Of MORMON Moroni the Lonely:

AE The Story of the Title Page BOOK OF Mi to the Book of Mormon

By Dr. Sidney B. Sperry

?<**.:

A dramatic but tragic story lies manded by my father. of our Lord and Savior."(Morm.

behind the writing of the title "And now it came to pass that 8:1-6.)

page to the Book of Mormon. after the great and tremendous What was Moroni doing those

Before the last great battle enbattle at Cumorah, behold, the sixteen years alone? Where did he

sued between the Nephite and LaNephites who had escaped into the go? What adventures befell him in

manite armies at Cumorah in the country southward were hunted by enemy country? These and a host

year a.d. 385, Mormon entrusted the Lamanites, until they were all of other questions we may ask ourthe plates containing his abridgedestroyed. selves, but all to no avail. The

ment of the plates of Nephi to his "And my father also was killed record is silent. But what would

son, Moroni. (Morm. 6:6.) Neverby them, and I even remain alone we not give for a day by day actheless, after the battle—in which to write the sad tale of the destruccount from the pen of Moroni

he was wounded—Mormon again tion of my people. But behold, they himself! At any rate, it was probobtained the plates and added some are gone, and I fulfil the commandably the memory of his father's

final words found in chapters six ment of my father. And whether command that led him to retrace

and seven respectively of the book they will slay me, I know not. his steps to Cumorah, there to write

called after his own name. All of "Therefore I will write and hide a "few things"and "hide up the

the other records of his people he up the records in the earth; and records in the earth."And "few

had previously hid up in the Hill whither I go it mattereth not. things"he did write at that time,

Cumorah. "Behold, my father hath made for as we read along to verses 12

It seems almost incredible, but this record, and he hath written and 13 of the eighth chapter of the apparent fact remains that the intent thereof. And. behold, I Mormon, he suddenly breaks off

Moroni wandered alone over the would write it also if I had room his account by recording:

face of this land for sixteen years upon the plates, but I have not; and "... Behold, I am Moroni; and

before adding anything to the ore I have none, for I am alone. My were it possible, I would make all

abridged record as commanded by father hath been slain in battle, and things known unto you.

his father. Let the plates tell their all my kinsfolk, and I have not "Behold, I make an end of speakown story friends nor whither to go; and how ing concerning this people. I am

"Behold I, Moroni, do finish the long the Lord will suffer that I may the son of Mormon, and my father record of my father, Mormon. Belive I know not. was a descendant of Nephi."

hold, I have but few things to write, "Behold, four hundred years In the opinion of the writer this which things I have been comhave passed away since the coming statement was Moroni's original

farewell. A careful study of what "And I am the same who hideth to add another paragraph to his

precedes and what follows these up this record unto the Lord...."title page. This was a logical neceswords must lead one to realize the Thus begins Mormon 8:14. It is sity. Thus we read:

possibility of this being so. Verse quite natural for Moroni to identify "An abridgment taken from the

13 is a logical point for a chapter himself again, though we already Book of Ether also, which is a recdivision. It is quite likely that at know (verse 4) that he was going ord of the people of Jared, who

this point Moroni wrote the first to hide up the record. He writes were scattered at the time the Lord

paragraph (as we now have it) of steadily and in a somewhat differconfounded the language of the the Book of Mormon title page. ent mood from what we have people, when they were building

"Wherefore, it is an abridgment already observed in Mormon 8:1- a tower to get to heaven—Which is

of the record of the people of 13. Thus he continues until he to show unto the remnant of the

Nephi, and also of the Lamanites—finishes the book that is now House of Israel what great things

Written to the Lamanites, who are known to us as Mormon. He ends the Lord hath done for their fathers

a remnant of the house of Israel; it prayerfully and formally: and that they may know the coveand also to Jew and Gentile—Writ- "And may God the Father renants of the Lord, that they are not

ten by way of commandment, and member the covenant which he cast off forever—And also to the

also by the spirit of prophecy and hath made with the house of Israel; convincing of the Jew and Gentile

of revelation—Written and sealed and may he bless them forever, that JESUS is the CHRIST, the

up, and hid up unto the Lord, that through faith on the name of Jesus ETERNAL GOD, manifesting himthey might not be destroyed—To Christ. Amen."(Morm. 9:37.) self unto all nations—And now, if

come forth by the gift and power There may be those who will there are faults they are the misof God unto the interpretation prefer to believe that this is the takes of men; wherefore condemn

thereof—Sealed by the hand of point at which Moroni wrote the not the things of God, that ye may

Moroni, and hid up unto the Lord, first paragraph of the title page be found spotless at the judgmentto come forth in due time by way rather than at Mormon 8:13 as I seat of Christ."

of the Gentile—The interpretation have advocated. But no matterHaving done this, Moroni makes

thereof by the gift of God."Moroni finds that he still has space a statement that is throbbing with

He did not write the second left on the plates upon which he human interest and pathos:

paragraph of the title page at this may write something of value. He "Now I, Moroni, after having

time for the very good and suffiponders the matter and finally demade an end of abridging the accient reason that he had not yet cides on making an abridgment of count of the people of Jared, I had abridged the book of Ether, which the book of Ether for the benefit supposed not to have written more, is mentioned therein. of future generations. but I have not as yet perished; and

Having finished the first para- "And I take mine account from I make not myself known to the graph of the title page, it is not the twenty and four plates which Lamanites lest they should destroy unreasonable to presume that were found by the people of Limhi, me."(Moro. 1:1.)

Moroni hid up the plates entrusted which is called the Book of Ether."There is a note of grim humor

to him in the stone box built for (Eth. 1:2.) in the statement, "I have not as yet

the purpose in the side of the Hill If we take this statement literally, perished."So he continued to write,

Cumorah. He then departed, feelthat is, if Moroni determined to we may presume, at various times

ing that his work was finished, his get at the gold originals rather than and occasions as he felt inspired to father's commands having been use Mosiah's translation (Mosiah return to the hill. It is passing

carried out. How long Moroni 28:17) of them (a copy of which strange that he did not add a third

wandered over the face of the could have been in his possession ) paragraph to the title page of the land—whether to be reckoned in it would be necessary for him to Book of Mormon after finishing the

years, months, or days—we do not tunnel into the library of records final statements found in chapter

know. But sometime between the hidden in the Hill Cumorah by his ten of Moroni. By the time that

years a.d. 401 and a.d. 421 he again father. How Moroni accomplished chapter was written Moroni had

saw fit to come back to the Hill this without being detected by wandered alone some thirtysix

Cumorah. Taking up the sacred the Lamanites must, of course, be years (from a.d. 385 to a.d. 421).

record from its resting place in the left to our imaginations. And therein lies an epic for some

stone box he begins to write at the Having finished his task of clever novelist or dramatist to point he had formerly left off. abridgment, Moroni then proceeded exploit. O

Era, November 1970 111.

Journey to Bethany will make your family home evenings come

The 197071 Family Home Evening Program is taken from the New testament.

Beautifully dramatized, not narrated,

Journey to Bethany brings sacred events of the Savior's life into your homes.

Journey to Bethany is a must for inspired family home evenings.

Over three years in the making at a cost of over a million dollars. A cast of thousands, set in an imposing

backdrop of authentic Old World sound effects, relates

THE LIFE OF CHRIST in an unbelievably new emotional dimension. A REQUISITE FOR WARD LIBRARIES.

YOU COULD BE CHOSEN TO DISTRIBUTE

JOURNEY TO BETHANY MASTER CHARGE AND BANKAMERICARD available distributorships Managerialexecutive from $1,500, ACCEPTED FOR CONSUMER PURCHASE. inventory. fully secured no franchise fees, investment by

A BETHANY DISTRIBUTORSHIP GIVES OPPORTUNITY IS KNOCKING. WRITE TODAY.

YOU SO MUCH MORE.. Annual income from $20,000 to $100,000 available to distributors

chosen through personal interview. Interested?

E,xpensePaid Trip to Home Noncompetitive For personal interview in your area with home office executive, please

Office for Training Nondenominational write, giving name, address and phone number including area code.

High Volume Profits Proven Merchandising

Immediate Earnings Program Nationally Advertised National Financing CANADIAN INQUIRIES WELCOMED

JOURNEY TO BETHANY

2427 Blaine Avenue Salt Lake City, Utah 84108 across from Temple Square. It was

estimated that more than 118,000 saw TheChurch the 1970 production, which had 49 performances. In the July 1970 issue MovesOn

of Better Homes and Gardens, the musical pageant was named as one of the nation's 12 outstanding tourist attractions. Travel

tid New stake presidencies: President

Reed E. Price and counselors John H.

R. Peterson, Phoenix and JohnAugust 1970 Tanner

(Arizona) Stake; President North Robert CJfeartedljr

EsJ West Virginia Stake, the 522nd now J. Mawle and counselors Stanley H.

functioning, was organized by Elder Woods and Frank T. Tennant, BirmingEzra Taft Benson of the Council of the ham (England) Stake. FRIENDSHIP INNS

Twelve. Sustained were President David

L. Atkinson and counselors Wayne H. The appointment of Terrence L. OF AMERICA

Mexico, travel to Old Canada youMartin and Clarence R. Sheffield. Hansen as head of the missionary lanWherever

... there's California to Alaska..or. New York

guage training mission on the Brigham a Friendship Inn to serve you. Your reservation

E3 The annual allChurch softball Young University campus was anisRichfield,guaranteed,BP, andSinclair,your MobileUnion, Oil,and AtlanticConoco tournament began this morning, feanounced. credit cards plus TWA's Getaway Card are

turing 96 of the estimated 5,000 "like cash"* at all Friendship Inns.

Church teams that have participated in September 1970 softball tournaments through the FLY TWA AND TRAVEL for the thanChurch. Stake, more Paulo (Brazil) South A devotional Sao the FRIENDSHIP INNS FOR held players functioning, was organized1,200 tournament in 523rd now was

friendly, service you the Salt Lake Tabernacle last evening. from portions of Sao Paulo and Sao can count on. Swim

color), loads (most MEMBER TV softball of In the of tournaments comHinckley Council the Twelve the ice, of phones, roomm Paulo East stakes by Elder Gordon B. pools, air cond., free

.. calls wakeup. are (Utah) today,pleted Bountiful B. to Assistant David Haight, Elder 30th and

just a few of the little Ward won the allChurch senior fast the Twelve. President Saul M. de luxuries you can take

pitch tournament by defeating MonuOliveira and counselors Ferrer da Costa for granted.

ment Park West 5th; Whittier 7th deand Floriano V. Franco were sustained. FRIENDSHIP More than 800

INNS "Friendship Inns"feated another California team, Chula Niagara (Canada) Stake, the 524th, OF AMERICA

Vista, for the junior fast pitch title. was organized from portions of the Display this Sign

to Serve YOU.

Marietta (Georgia) won over Santa Fe Toronto Stake by Elder Thomas S. MonAmerican Express, Carte Blanche, Diners'

Springs (California) for the senior slow son of the Council of the Twelve. PresiClub cards also honored.

pitch championship, and Merced 2nd dent Elden C. Olsen and counselors FOR FREE TRA VEL DIRECTOR Y: Stop in

defeated another California team, El Cecil H. Taylor and James M. Rich were at any Friendship Inn or send a selfaddressed

Corrito, for the junior slow pitch title. sustained.

Des Moines (Iowa) Stake, the 525th, Friendship Inns Innternational

Doyle L. Green has been named was organized from portions of the 245 West on North Temple St.

managing editor and M. Dallas Burnett Central Iowa District of the KansasSalt Lake City, Utah 84103

assistant managing editor of the new Missouri Mission and the Cedar Rapids Please send me without obligation:

adult magazine of the Church, it was Stake by President Spencer W. Kimball [J Friendship Inns Int'l Travel Directory

announced. The roster of key appointof the Council of the Twelve. President L'J Oil Credit Card application

ments of the new magazines is now Donald G. Woolley and counselors Name.

complete. Derwin C. Merrill and Alan P. Kleinman Address

It was announced that Paul S. Rose were sustained. City

is the new secretary of the stake misNew stake presidency: President Country or State Zip

sions of the Church. Jack F. Joyner and counselors Richard

Promised Valley completed its season P. Winder and Theodore H. Strickland,

this evening in the outdoor theater Atlanta (Georgia) Stake.

Top independent motor inns desiring to participate in the Friendship Inn programs are invited to write to the address above for

Era, November 1970 113 information.

TERRACOR'S RECREATION COMMUNITIES:

One success leads to another...

First there was Bloomington south of St. George. Then came

Bloomington—two and onehalf miles south of St. George, Utah. Bailey Creek in Idaho, Stansbury Park near Salt Lake City,

The Pinery south of Denver. And there are others on the way.

Why does one success lead to another at TERRACOR?

We believe it's because of our. basic philosophy.

The Terracor Philosophy We started with a concept of what living should be.

We found that people prefer to live in pleasant surroundings with built in recreation facilities rather than dull housing units.

We planned thoroughly—constructed with care—and

dedicated ourselves to making our communities more special than anyone had before.

We Did What We Said We'd Do Another essential ingredient of our philosophy is dreaming

reality.Bailey Creek—five mik ith of Soda Springs, Idaho. exciting dreams—and making those dreams become

Our commitments at a development are farreaching and outof-theordinary. But in every instance, we've followed

through. When we promise a golf course or a sailing lake or

a country club or a stable, those promises are kept.

Bloomington... a Reality

Take Bloomington, for example. In warm, sunny Southern

Utah we've built a recreational community: country club,

18hole golf course, a stable with riding horses, tennis courts, swimming pool. There are homes.. people.. and real living!

Our First Mountain Retreat Or there's Bailey Creek, a private and exclusive retreat in the forested hills of Southern Idaho. Mountain living is enhanced

by a stable complex, boating on a nearby lake, snowmobiling in winter. And always that pineand-aspen setting.Stansbury Park—25 miles or 25 minutes west of Salt Lake City, Utah.

Living in a Park Stansbury Park, west of Salt Lake City, was designed to assure that living near a city can be exceptional.

Stansbury Park is designed around a 100acre sailing lake (with island), an 18hole golf course, a unique adventure playground, Kiddie Farm, a stable, tennis courts, and a carefully planned total community.

And now Colorado The Pinery south of Denver features halfacre homesites of pine and gentle hills surrounding a spectacular golf course now being built. Measured by sales to date, The Pinery joins

Bloomington, Bailey Creek and Stansbury Park as another

TERRACOR success.

Want to Know More?

The Pinery—22 miles or 22 minutes southeast of Denver, Colorado. Let us tell you about these TERRACOR communities and

about the people and the philosophy that makes TERRACOR what it is—and about living opportunities for you.

// you are interested, write

Salt Lake City, Utah 84102, 5216150. call and another... orTerracor, 529 East South Temple,

TERRACOR a concept of TERRACOR living as it should be.

BOOK OF

MORMON! a airrer il the hit

I *\i

The Book of Mormon as a Mirror of the East

By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Dr. Hugh Nibley,

professor of history and religion, Brigham Young University "The average man,"wrote the America may conceivably bring resemblance to truth might be degreat A. E. Housman, "believes that forth a wealth of evidence to suptected once, but hardly twice.

the text of ancient authors is genport the Book of Mormon, no findDoes the author or translator of erally sound, not because he has ings can be taken as unequivocal the book display any knowledge acquainted himself with the eleevidence against it. concerning that part of the world in

ments of the problem, but because It is a far different story when which it claims to have had its he would feel uncomfortable if he our book presumes to invade the origin? That is the question. By

did not believe it."The Book of soil of the East, giving specific way of answer—a mere opening

Mormon has enjoyed no such popunames, places, and dates. Here any wedge as it were—we shall briefly

lar support. Indeed, the "average imposter of the 1820s would be on discuss a few short years in Book

man"would like nothing better than dangerous ground indeed. No betof Mormon history, that stormy

to see it thoroughly exposed once ter handle could be asked for untime during which the system of and for all; it has made him feel sparing and rigorous criticism than rule by judges passed through some

uncomfortable for over a century. the outright commitments of the of those severe tests which finally

What is holding up the show? Book of Mormon on matters Egypproved its undoing. We shall

For one thing, the Book of Mortian. By harping on the peculiar match the story step by step with a

mon is immune to attack from the neoEgyptian language of the number of Old World parallels, and

West. No matter how much archaeNephites, by furnishing a list of after a few general observations let

ological evidence may pile up one their personal and place names, by the reader decide for himself just way or the other, the fact remains pretending to describe political conwhat significance should be atthat the Book of Mormon never flicts originating in the Old World, tributed to these parallels.

claims to be telling the story of the author of the Book of Mormon Book of Mormon all the people who ever lived in the plays right into the hands of modwestern hemisphere. Even within ern critics. For the Near East of Acting on the recommendation of

its own limited compass it is, as 600 B.C. is no longer the twilight King Mosiah, who was anxious to

Professor Sidney B. Sperry has zone of gorgeous mysteries it was avoid a throne controversy, the

shown, for the greater part "a in the days of Joseph Smith. Any people substituted for the kingship

minority report"and does not deal fabrication by him or even his most a system of rule by priestly judges with various branches of several learned contemporary would neces- "... we will appoint wise men

groups that came from the Old sarily appear today as a mass of to be judges, that will judge this

World. Thus, where research in blunders in which some accidental people according to the cqmmandEra, November 1970 115

WEDDING INVITATIONS & ACCESSORIES $5.75 MERCOTYPEFIRST 100 $7.75MERCOGRAPHFIRST 100 $19.75VED

Printed on finest plain or paneled Raised letters (thermography)—Genuine steel die engraved—

vellum wedding papers in sharp, plate Engraving distinctive beautiful and a and sent with your ments of God."(Mosiah 29:11.)

type faces. clean new order. delivery. this price. 15day at sincere value

We are not told where Mosiah NEW! Art rendering of all L.D.S. got the idea, but the eagerness and

Temples for your wedding stationery ease with which the people adopted

Over 60 styles from which to choose the system imply that they were including all the elegant vellums and finest parchments in silver familiar with it. (See Mosiah 29:37gray and beautiful pastels. Also 41.) This is definitely indicated by

informals, enclosures, thank you the account of one Korihor, who notes, at home cards, napkins, was able to gain a great following photo albums, L.D.S. wedding

books, and many accessories. in the land by charging "the high

priest, and also the chief judge

ORDERGUARANTEED Will SATISFACTIONBE PROMPTLY over the land"with reviving "ordiWITH COMPLETEOR REFUNDEDYOUR CONFIDENCE.MONEY AND CHEERFULLY

ALLTISSUEDWEDDINGAND INSERTEDINVITATIONSINTO INSIDEAND ANNOUNCEMENTSENVELOPES nances and performances which are laid down by ancient priests, to

FREE Gifts with every order usurp power and authority"over the country. (Al. 30:2124.) That

FREE CATALOG there was a real danger of reviving and FREE an ancient priestrule is apparent

Etiquette Wheel from the fact that the new system or (500 if airmail rehad no sooner been established quested) credited on than a certain Nehor, in the first your order.

case to be tried by the new chief is charged with being "first M E R C U R Y Name judge,

PUBLISHING CO. Address to introduce priestcraft among this

139 EAST 3900 SOUTH people."The chief judge on this

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 City. State. Zip occasion observes that such priestcraft if allowed by the people

"would prove their entire destruction."(Al. 1:12.) So we are told

that priestcraft had not been pracExtra Quality.

ticed in the New World, but that a

Built to last a lifetime!

tradition of priestcraft was vividly

Mills on hand. No waiting. remembered; its origin must therefore be sought in the Old World,

Grain and Corn mill if we would believe the Book of

Grinds and Prepares wheat, corn, Mormon.

nuts, seeds, etc.

The Old World Adjustable... Quickly and easily

regulates for fine or coarse From the eleventh dynasty on, grinding. the history of Egypt is largely conFiner Plates... All of our Coronas cerned with the efforts of the priests

equipped with "special made"of Amon, with the chief priest of grinding plates. Amon at their head, to gain control

Speedy... Easy to operate. of the country. About 1085 B.C.

Grinds about a pound per the chief priest of Amon actually minute! seized the throne of the south, and

$1 1.75 Postpaid West of Rockies from that time on "the high priest

$12.75 Postpaid East of Rockies of Amon... could and constantly

$14.95 Postpaid in Canada did reduce the king to a position of

1 The name of the Extra Grinding Plates—$1.95 Set Postpaid subservience."

Special prices to church groups. great priest who crowned himself

We also have breadmixers, juicers, and other useful items. in Thebes was Herihor or Kherihor. 2

The cornerstone of the priestly rule 99 North Main was a new system of popular law

Smithfield Implement Co. Smithfield, Utah 84335

116 Era, November 1970 courts, in which the priests of Whether or not Nehi and Nehri leader, Ammon, "who was high

Amon were the judges, and which are in any way related to the name priest over that people."Thence

at first competed with and then Nephi (there are other Egyptian he was "carried before the high supplanted the regular courts names that come nearer) 6 remains priest, and also the chief judge of everywhere. 3 The separatist tento be investigated. But no philolothe land."This higher court in

dency, which remains characteristic gist will refuse to acknowledge the turn "sent him to the land of Zaraof the priestly history, may have possible identity of the Book of hemla... to Alma, the chief judge,

been foreshadowed in the uniting Mormon Korihor with the Egyptian who was governor over all the of all the south countries as a single Kherihor, and none may deny, land,"as well as head of the administrative unit under Nehi, the philologist or not, a close resemchurch. (Al. 30:1920; 29ff.)

great governor of the eighteenth blance between Sam and Sam (the dynasty, as well as in the appearbrother of Nephi). The Old World

ance, beginning with Count Nehri, of a separate ruling family at The chief governor of Egypt was

Thebes, under the patronage of "the high priest of Amon"(or AmBook of Mormon mon), 7 his title being in EgyptianAmon.* Nehri's successor, by taking the name Sam Taioi, "uniter of The socalled "people of Amneter hem tep—"chief servant

the lands,"serves notice of a new nion,"a community noted for its (Hem) of the God."8 Hem is an

dynasty. 5 piety, took Korihor before their element in Egyptian proper names 9

"fin IF HID m and the beginning of another with exciting

in fashion change now progress at Auerbach's.

SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

and means the same as the exconcentrated in Upper Egypt.

tremely common Abdi element in A reflection of the Egyptian picwestern Asiatic names of the time ture may be detected in the coast (cf. the modern Arabic Afrrfullah, cities of Palestine, regularly under

"servant of God"). It is most inEgyptian influence, where governteresting that the brother of Ammon ment was also by priests and judges,

in the Book of Mormon actually who occasionally usurped the office bears the name of Hem. (Mosiah of king. This happened both at

7:6.) As for Amon (or Ammon), it Sidon and Tyre; in the latter city

is the commonest proper name in two priestly usurpers bore the name the Book of Mormon, and also the of Maitena or Mattena—a. name

Prices commonest and most revered name which has a number of variants and are LOW in the Egyptian Empire. 10 Here it strongly suggests the Book of Morin Idaho is time to point out that the Egypmon Mathoni. 1 "'

tian Empire at all times during the

Book of Mormon or of styles, thermographedScores Duralater period (after 930 b.c. ) predirect accessories. Buy all the graved,

and save from West's leading manufacturtends to embrace Palestine and The experiment with government invitations. er of mailorder wedding Rush regard Jerusalem as a dependent."by priestly judges collapsed, largely

shipped day received! orders same

The reverence shown the name of due to a rivalry for the chief judgeAmon in no way indicates the ship among three candidates, all slightest concession to paganism on sons of the great chief judge,

Send for FREE catalog, samples (25c if airmail the part of the Jews, since Amon is Pahoran. Their names are Pahoran,

desired). REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 no less than the Egyptian version Paanchi and Pacumeni. (Hel. l:lff.)

Name. of their own universal, one, creatorThe Old World Address - God, the Great Spirit, who is never

City, State, Zip conceived to be in animal form nor Such family rivalry for the office represented by any image. 12 He of high priest is characteristic of

first appears about 2140 b.c. in the Egyptian system, in which the

Scientists and Nutritionists now agree, southern Egypt, at Thebes, where office seems to have been heredi16 importary not an been to have seems by law but by usage.Wheat for Man he

13 Asia. tation western reflects Can from The the of Pahoran name

he be the God of Abraham? It is eastern Pahura, which is "resignificant that the name first rises formed"Egyptian, i.e., a true Egypto prominence in the years followtian title, but altered in such a wav

ing the time of Abraham's sojourn as to adapt it to the HebrewCa- in Egypt, and at a place where the naanite speech. 17 Pahuia (also writmost famous Jewish colony in ten Puhuru) was in Amarna times

Egypt was settled. This colony at an Egyptian governor (rabu) of

Elephantine may have been very Syria. 18 The same man, or another

ancient, since according to Egypman with the same name, was

A MUST FOR HOME STORAGE tian records it had been the cusplaced by Pharaoh as governor of

THAT INCORPORATES tom of the people of Palestine and the Ube district, with his head-

... ECONOMY ANDHEALTH to (cf. time at seek Syria from quarters eleimmemorial the Kumedi

is MILL originalThe and MAGIC new or inventormanufacturer settle in refuge from ofavailable such in the in Egypt and ment MorRumen Book variety offers a representatives andlocal 20 is It features: at communities. place conceded, unequalledof names). any mon

if Patented interdesign grinding stones rate, that the colony is a good deal Paanchi is simply the wellknown industrial motor duty heavy h.p. iJ2-k the records than Egyptian (also Paiankh rendered Hebrew flour older into tine of 5 lbs. wheat Grindif

minutes 4 to in 3 it J/2 cenfirst etc.). in the fifth from Pianchi, Paankh, which came 21 The

that drawer compactif Convenient, flour for dusty eliminates need bag tury B.C.; possibly it dates from important man to bear the name

if atedThe onlyelectricallystone millor thatwith canhandbe opercrank the middle of the seventh century. 14 was none other than the son of the

if FULLY GUARANTEED This would make it old in the time abovementioned Kherihor. He did

FOR MORE INFORMATION WRITE: of Lehi and furnish a possible exnot succeed his father on the throne,

MAGIC MILL, INC. planation for the strange tendency being content with the allpowerful p. o. box no of Book of Mormon names to be office of chief high priest of Amon,

FULER, IDAHO 83328 JOHNNIE and BESSIE KUEST, original owners, inventors and manufacturers.

but his son, Panezem, did become king. 22 In the middle of the eighth

century another Pianhki, a king of

Nubia, conquered virtually all of

Egypt, and claimed for himself the office of high priest of Anion at

Thebes as well as the title of Pharaoh. 23 His successor, when the Assyrians invaded Egypt, in the days

of Lehi, fled to a fortified city, as yet unlocated, which bore the name of Kipkip or Kibkib, 2 * a name that strongly suggests the Book of Mormon cityname Gidgiddoni ( cf. also

Gimgimno). (3 Ne. 9:8.)

Pacumeni, the name of the third son, resembles that borne by some **ximof the last priest governors of You'll learn to love rain, too... when you have an

dryer. clothesEgypt, whose names are rendered electric

dryer is more than keeping rain from your An electric

Pamenech, Pamnkh, Pamenches, clothes. It brings a change in your way of living.

etc. 25 The Greeks (who often furworryAn electricout ofdryerlaundry.takesThenthe hurry,givestheyourcarry,clothesand thea soft

nish the key to the correct reading touch.

to $40 less.of Egyptian names) put the gutAnd, an electric dryer costs less—up

tural before the nasal, as in the

Book of Mormon form, Pachomios 20

The most famous man of the name Buy Her an The "Sun"commanded all the forces of the Electric Dryer That Never Sets south, and was also high priest of

Horus. At least one other governorgeneral of Egypt bore the name. 27 Utah Power & Light Company

A striking coincidence is the predominance among both Egyptian and Nephite judge names of the prefix Pa-. In late Egyptian this is

extremely common, and has simply the force of the definite article. For

the Egyptian chief priests Panezem,

Pakebis, and Panas 2S we have no

Book of Mormon parallel, but from the Nephite list we must not omit the name of Pachus, since, though

I have not found it in the limited documents at my disposal, it is perfectly good Egyptian (meaning "he—Amon—is praised"), both elements occurring frequently in EgypHAND tian proper names. 29 Another Book

of Mormon judge, Cezoram, has a GRINDER ilS YOUR ENGLISH

Adjustable for of that an suggests that name BACK? YOU HOLDING FLOUR

the of overcome to and helped thousands have men women city: Syrian of a CRACKED effective governor WHEAT English poor handicap and become Egyptian

1. ofconversationalists. new Withto Iwriters, and my etc. MEAL, CORN METHOD,vocabulary,speakers, build yourC. mistakes, up stop making can 1% you Taj. 41, (Knudtzon, Chizi-ri Am.

skill, "secrets"the learn writing develop reading, your up speed on school. to back go have don't conversation. You the that It noted $11.95 booklerTakes should be 32page 2). Coststo home. at 15 a onlyof minutes day

zip and address or your name,little. Semi coupon mailed FREE.

letter a or card rode on TODAY! becoming quantity discounts upon Panezem, above

la Institute nder. Career Bo Don

Illinoisbooklet60060on English. king, took the name of Meriamon, Please mailDept. me16993,your FREEMundelein,."-{2-page

Maine—Address. Box mi

Calif. 92373 City. State-.ZipEra, November 1970 119 Redlands,

SELL THIS FLAVORSEALED A novel of a Mormon girl torn between PEANUT BRITTLE AND MAKE her heritage and the temptations of the Gentile world. to $500 CASH $50

SCHOOL, CHURCH, CLUB which has a Book of Mormon ring, FOR YOUR even if we don't read it Moriamon—

THE JAWBONE a perfectlySidon waspossiblethe variant.official port

through which the Jews traded with

it business, in the mercantile were OF AN ASS JW&ete Egypt. Since Lehi and his people

is the that Sidon surprising is not BY GLENA WOOD only Palestinian city besides Jeruprom- name figures salem whose. * exotic unusual, this narSm -?eatutt0rtttt* V* of heroine The of Mormon inently in Book is a young, Southwest the set in rative

beautiful ambitious girl. She is torn geography. Moreover, since Sidon

between her theatrical aspirations and OUR "5050"PLAN'was the common meeting ground love for a fascinating archaeologist, and MEANS MORE PROFIT! between Hebrew and Egyptian,

her Morto true remain to desire her languages in both since names and 10 members of your time every background. $50.00 beliefs and CASH religious mon PeaOld-Fashioned of sell 10 cans each of one group Mormon, in the Book occur entertaining. Absorbing; can. per at Brittle $1.00 nut

Peanut delicious this This most the MARKUP! expect 100% name of group would cans, costs your easyopen in Brittle, new 10 DAY FREE TRIAL-

$1.00! in sells for its Egypto appear and each place popular only 50c

lc! 120 Order EVEN NOT INVESTMENT! Press, NO Vantage its form. in to to days as 30 well as Hebrew tian today. up Take cans 1200 to N.Y. York, St., 31 Inc.New 120 W.

title, phone name, your Give payment. send list of copies (Albright's send Please form adme the Egyptian address, name, complete, The and number

group, of officer, each name at $6.50 etc. of 2nd dress, ASS"OF AN "THE JAWBONE is which Djidw-na, B, Office XXII, 4) Freight nearest desired, and quantity is $ Enclosed postpaid. Birmingham F.O.B., ship post). parcel (no We of to the close is Book full remarkably I for a return satisfied to cover fully may FREE INCLUDED with EXTRAS

only. days. in groups 10 accepted refundIf not cost. Orders shipping Giddonah. personal name Mormon

get the comparison we For easier

Address COLLIER Name VERNE placing tentative lists by 5-26 following DEPT.

900 No. 19th St., Birmingham, Alabama 3S203 the Old World (OW) words with

the New World (NW) or Book TOURNAMENT of Mormon (BM) words:

OF ROSES TOUR Amon (Ammon), (OW), the

Dec. 26 - Jan. 2 commonest name in the latter EmFrancisco Egypt south originally from pire; San FilmKodak Carmel and Monterey QUALITY DEVELOPING the commonest (BM), Ammon, Diego San

p Bowl Game Since 1933 name in the Book of Mormon SAVE UP TO 50% Rose ParadeSan Simeon of a chief Amanathabi, (OW), Egyptian city underK0DAC0L0R Developing and Jumbo Prints HAWAIIDisneylandTOUR Without"Thea TripWorry"Canaanite

D 8 Exposure Rolls: $2.55 Save 770 Leaves Jan. 2 domination. The name is "re-

$1.73 Save Rolls: $2.75 Exposure Egyptian. D 12 formed"CLAWS0N FOX VIDA Save.19 ea. from Reprints Negs: $ 13th East So. 216 3280303 10$ Phone: Aminadab, (BM), Nephite mis84102 Utah City, Lake Salt

KODACHROME or EKTACHROME sionary in the time of judges

Developed into Slides or Movie Film Chiziri, (OW), Egyptian governor of a Syrian city

Save Slides: $1.35 WINDMILL Mtd. 900 DUTCH 20 35mm, Cezoram, (BM), Nephite chief $1.20 Save Slides: $2.40 Mtd. TABLE LAMP35mm, 36 D

Super 8 or 8mm Movie: $1.35 Save 90$ WITH MUSIC judge

Natural from Holland. Direct Djidu-na, (OW ), Egyptian name

light Soft finish. Developing and Jumbo Prints wood shines for Sidon the Turn from windows. B & W

and music plays windmill arms Giddonah, (BM), i. high priest

.99 Save 85( Rolls: $ 12 Exposure Amsterdam."from "Tulips judged Korihor who Save ea..08 40 Prints: $ 11 inches high—$13.95 Jumbo

ZABRISKIE IMPORTS ii. father of Amulek

Sail lake (;!* Uton 84! 10 /USA Hem, (OW), "servant,"specifiGENEALOGY PHOTOS.HO Box.''!*

cally, of Amon Save.60 old 40Y from photos: $ Negs.

Save.08 4$ Hem, (BM), brother of Ammon negatives-. $ Prints from

"praised,"an Hes, Khesi, (OW), Utah order: Min. INSTRUCTIONS:

film $1.00Place Tax Sales dents add 3V2% proper name mail to: and envelope in heavy tance & remitresi- DIAMONDS Egyptian

Direct from Antwerp—Pachus, (BM), leader of the

More value for your money Contact Brother Leo Wins, 86, Pelikaan, Str.SAM'S PHOTO LAB 2000—Antwerp—Belgium

P.O. Box 1115. Dept. 2. Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 120 Era, November 1970

The institute is where It was the institute and my associaabsolute truths are presented tion with the instructors and all the without equivocation by kids there that helped me have the the with instructors teach who courage to convince my parents of my

Spirit. Holy power of the desire to join the Church.

Richard W. Thomas Kristine Rose

Boise Institute Odgen Institute

Just as Lehi found his guide, is religion The institute of ball (a round the Liahona of truly home. "away a "home from curious I workmanship), found

the LDS institute of religion. Lona Shelley

Joe Clark Ephraim Institute American River Institute

Institute classes I have taken have broadened my knowledge as The institute is like an oasis in the far as my concept about God is desert -a quiet, comfortable place to concerned and also have thrown rest and study away from the turmoil a new light on me. on campus.

Gabriel Ade Ogundipe Twylla Mortensen

Salt Lake City Institute San Fernando Institute (LDS Business College)

If it were not for our institute and the people I get more out of my institute classes associated with it, I most that will help me in my life than I do in likely would never have any other class I take at college.

finished my college education. Wesley C. Miller

Ron Micheli Logan Institute Laramie Institute

The institute is the icing on the Institutequestionsenabledand doubtsme toraisedanswerby themy cake of college life. atheistic teachers.

Judy Wunderli E. Orlean Koehle

Woodland Hills Institute Cambridge Institute

HERE ARE 1EN REAS8NS INSMUIE. F8Rmwm

Cut and mail to: Department of Seminaries and Institutes I would like to learn more about the institute program.

of Religion B-346 Smoot Administration Building Signed

Brigham Young University Campus

Provo, Utah 84601 Address O

faction that drove Pahoran from possibly under the Egyptian austhe judgment seat pices

Kherihor, (also written Khurhor, Mathoni, (BM), a Nephite disetc.) (OW), great high priest of cipleSPAIN Amon, who made himself king in Sam Tawi, (OW), successor to

South Egypt Nehri, who took the name Sam

Korihor, (BM), a political agita- ( uniter ) upon becoming king in the tor who charged the judges with South priestcraft, and was seized by the Sam, ( BM ), brother of Nephi people of Amnion Sidon, (OW), the port throughPORTUGAL Kipkip, Kibkib, (OW), a city in which all Jewish trade with Egypt from the extreme south of Egypt had to pass

Gimgimno, (BM), a Nephite Sidon, (BM), the only city name city of the Holy Land, beside Jerusalem,

Manti, (OW), Semitic form of which is a prominent Book of Moran Egyptian proper name, e.g., mon name $499

Mantimankhi, a prince in Upper It requires no great effort of the

Egypt about 650 b.c. Derived imagination to detect a sort of

Departs Las Vegas and Salt Lake from Egyptian Mntio—Month of parallelism between the two short

February 28, 1971 for 15 days. Hermonthis listings. But aren't we using unIncludes hotels, round trip air Manti, (BM), the name of a justified violence when we simply

fare, sightseeing and a special Nephite soldier, a land, a city, and take the names at random and place golf tournament.

a hill them side by side? That is just

Send for your free folder now Nehi (OW), great administrator what is most remarkable; we did

who "united all the south under his pick names at random, and we had

QharterQaveTuurs direction"the whole Near East to draw on,

Nehri, (OW), Count of Thebes with Egyptian names by no means 2387 P.O. Box who claimed independent dominion predominating numerically in the

Nevada Las Vegas, 89104 in the south of Egypt lists before us. Yet the only Old

Nephi, (BM), founder of the World names that match those in

Nephite nation our Book of Mormon episode all

Pahura, (OW), ambassador of come from Egypt, nay, from one

Egypt in Palestine particular section of Egypt, in the i. great chief far south, where from an indefinite HIDRY SOAP HANGER Pahoran, (BM),

judge date, but at least as early as the ii. son of same midseventh century, a Jewish colPaanchi, (OW), i. son of Keriony flourished. What is more, all

hor, the chief high priest these names belong to the later ii. ruler of the south who condynasties, after the decline.

quered all of Egypt; he was high The Book of Mormon tells us

priest of Amon at Thebes that Lehi was a rich merchant, who,

Cupshaped disc presses into any bar of Paanchi, (BM), son of Pahoran, though he "dwelt in Jerusalem all hand soap—then soap hangs to magnet Sr., and pretender to the chief his days,"enjoyed an Egyptian

COLORS judgeship education and culture, which he enwhite, pink, green, blue, yellow, black Pamenches ( Gk. Pachomios ), ( deavored to transmit to his children.

Stops waste ends—soapdish mess W), commander of the south and The book continually refers to the

for Hidry one $1.00

$2.50 for threeHi-Dry's high priest of Horus double culture of the people of

$7.20 for one dozen HiDry's Pacumeni, ( BM ), son of Pahoran, Lehi: Hebrew to the core, but

Special rates for fund raising Sr., and rival pretender to the proud of their Egyptian heritage.

INC. BELLISTON PRODUCTS, chief judgeship "Egyptian civilization was one to 1175 Dan Street Ogden, Utah 84404

Maitena, Mattenos, etc., (OW), be admired and aped,"writes H. B.

GENEALOGY SAFES two judges of Tyre, who at difHall, speaking of Lehi's own land ferent times made themselves king, and time. The only nonHebraic

Write for free information P.O. Box 1055 Draper, Utah

THE AMERICAN SAFE CO. 122

SPECIAL FOR GENEALOGY WORKERS

The Famous SmithCorona 16"Carriage Electric, Heavy Duty names to enjoy prominence among Perfect for the "Genealogist"the Nephites should, by the Book Clip this ad of Mormon's own account, be send it or

Egyptian, and such is found to be bring it in the case. SAVE

It will be noted that the names $40.00

exactly are never of thecompared alike, r |*., f f f ri 'f|S

Price Regular case of the the monoexcept in h syllables Sam and Hem. This, Limited

Time Only strangely enough, is strong confirmation of their common origin, since names are bound to undergo REGULAR $215.00 ALL MAILORDERS

some change with time and disPROMPTLY FILLED!

tance, whereas if the resemblance were perfect we should be forced ALL MAKES TYPEWRITER CO.

to attribute it, however fantastic it might seem, to mere coincidence. Corner 2nd South at State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

There must be differences; and Phone 1-801328-4941 (Call Collect)

what is more, those differences should not be haphazard but display definite tendencies. This A manysplendored gift GRANDFATHER CLOCKS

brings us to a most impressive as-—table model

pect of Book of Mormon names. NEW from Germany. Adds

Let us take for example the case charmroom. Handdecorated.and color to any

of Ammon. Being so very popular Jewelry Company 8% inches high—ivory, red,

a name, one would expect it to ocblue,you fromblack.Germany.Sent directly$5.95 to

as alone, as well incur compounds

Salt W. 2nd So.. 42 Lake City, Ut. 84101 ZABRISKIE IMPORTS is Telephone 3221039 sure enough, it (801) the commonand 2106, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 (USA) P.O. Box

est element in compound names, in the West as in Egypt. But in compound names Amon or Amun COX'S DELICIOUS

changes form following a general CreamedMoney AIDS HEARINGrule. Gardiner, in his Egyptian allin- one of the best in the U.S. savings on tiny, Huge

the behind models. bodyGrammar (page 431), states: theear,glass and ear, NeweyeSpecial Holiday tiny age are space so models perof class important "A very

closwell your concealed and Gift Boxes est friends even never may is containing thatsonal names notice. TRIAL, FREE HOME for Welfare payment. as i.e., down Low No $10 as theophorous,names known

monthly. guaranback Money Storage Purposes

tee. direct save. and Order elein one which namescompound

for free catalog and confidential today Write booklet. for (Write

, Dept. 77018. PRESTIGE, D-57 Houston, Tex. Box 10947, is deity. of a the name Nowment Brochure) Free

in GraecoRoman transcriptions it COX HONEY FARMS

Shelley, Idaho 83274 is the rule that when such a divine name is stated at the beginning of italics are [the a compound GardiBS QeaJuXifyuf SihAJhx vocalized it is less heavily ner's] than when it stands independently at the a compound."or end of / FAITH ARTICLES,o f then goes on to show!<%(.;,rliiic.u'lfi author The FULL COLOR PLAQUE IN EXCITING IWALL

that in such cases Amon or Amun HEAVY DUTY PLAQUES, 14yzX 21 MOUNTED ON '/4 INCH

PLAQUE MASONITE BACKING. EACH BEAUTIFUL DURON, A while regularly Amen, becomes in a.

IS SURFACE WHICH READY HAS A WASHABLE TO HANG AND disapthe vowel may some cases

LIFETIME. WILL LAST A A GOOD

pear entirely. One need only con- L.D.S. GIFT FOR ALL OCCASIONS.

sider the Book of Mormon AminiWITH BEVELED EDGES dab, Aminadi, Amnihu, Amnor, etc., AND TINTED COLD...

si isJ ROGNAN PRESS R.O. BOX 359. GLENVIEW, ILL. 60025

Era, November 1970 123 t

SPECIAL TO ERA READERS! to see how neatly the rule applies

in the West. In the name Helaman,

on the other hand, the strong vocalization remains, since the "divine WATER name"is not stated at the beginPURIFIER ning"Semiticof"1"themustcompound.always be Sincerenderedthe

Save up to $57 yearly! as "r"in Egyptian (which has no

Makes pure water by distillation! f T'), Helaman would, in "unAutomatically. refbrmed"Egyptian, necessarily apNo filters or cartridges. pear as the typically Egyptian HerNature's way of purification!

About 74 per gallon amon.

for pure water! To return to our question: What

ELECTRIC $119,501 did Joseph Smith, translator of the

FLAMEHEATED $ 89.50 Book of Mormon, know about the |j Old World? So much seems cerNEW! from Honey Bee tain,( 1 )thatA numberhe knew:of typically EgypFRUIT & VEGETABLE DRYER SURVIVAL tian names, queersounding words

Dries in approx. eight hours. GARDEN in no way resembling Hebrew or

FEED TO 220V. Easyto-use. Compact. SEEDS

FAMILY FOUR FOR any other language known to the OF

MONTHS! world of Joseph Smith's time. B-1 (1 bushel capac.) $129.95 SIX

Beans, beets, cabbage, corn, onions, B-2 (2 bushel capac.) 169.95 carrots, peas, (2) He knew the sort of plot

squash, spinach, tomatoes.

F.O.B. Redlands, Calif. Specially treated for vigorous and setting in which those names

in figure and the Old World would 90Wh only$4.50 SPECIAL MEMBERSHIP DISCOUNTS

at seems quite the Egypon home Add 5QC Postage (vacuumpackedmax, storage life)for ask tian scene. about DESERET SUPPLY CO.

distributorship 1 1 1 i Box Headquarters for your ) He gives a clear and correct opportunities ( 3 products. Redlands, yearsupply Calif. 92373

picture of cultural relationships between Egypt and Israel, with due emphasis on its essentially commercial nature, in the remarkably 'Please send the tou r brochures 1 have checked: W\>J\ convincing picture of Lehi—a typi-

, Name cal merchant prince of the seventh

Address B IJr3 century b.c. The picture of life

in the ancient east which the Book

City State zip V Ik Jfl of Mormon allows us to reconstruct

J Q Caribbean Cruise (January) D Europe (July) / is the more wonderful in the light * the World (August) Round Orient (March) D

Skousen, Cleon cond. B of those fantastic conceptions of (April) W. Hawaii I D

the gorgeous East which bedizened * "the * D Siberia/RussiaHack Miller, cond(J ine)uctor D SouthHawaii America(October)(October) scholars the best heads of even conductor Neeleman, Gary America (Jt jne) } South at the time the book came forth.

t Pacific (November) South Utah Symphony O

The whole field of Book of Mormon names still awaits the careful study it deserves—the purpose of

UNIT 1 the present sketch being merely to

NOW AVAILABLE in response to many 15 MONTHS OF FOOD indicate that such a study will prove requests- a reissue of one of the Packed so as to insure lasting flavor anything but a blind alley. As a

great books of the Church: and nutrition. Ideal for your year's parting example of the validity of

GOSPEL * supply. CHRISTENSEN'S bythisAlbrightclaim, we(Vol.cite a10,principlep. 12): stated"The

STANDARDSby President Heber J. Grant 706 FAMILYColumbiaSTORAGELane SUPPLYProvo, Utah monloss ofinthePalestinianending on placenames."is quite comAn Improvement Era publication Write for Free Information

Price is only $4.95 postpaid or

Phone 801373-4115 twelfth edition 15 op. cit., cit., Vol. Moret, 610ff; op. 3 Budge, found pp. 2, in 103, pp. and 108, orIn "reformed"Egyptian Egyp19:4. Petrie, History M. inF. Ne. W. Egypt of (London, A

10 striking parallel to Vol. the of 1905), Book latter 202, A Mormon the giving 290, 3, pp.tian ending such an would be account given is that Vol. Hall, phonetic p. values 254; by 3, "Piankh"reand "Pankhy"

Moret, spectively. p. 590. is Paanchi settled correct as the ofpreserved, have Book and so we 17 F. Albright, reading, Vocalization however, The W. principle the of Egypin stated by

tian Syllabic e.g., Orthography Gardiner, Gram., Haven, p. ( New "i"521: Am. as the here HeshEmron, placenamesMormon deals Or. occurring "is the with Soc, 1934, of final always problem consonant."

"reformed"22 Egyptian. suggests, author Lists The priestkings in of original pp. the form etc.lon, Jashon, Morianton, Moron,

lOff, a that orthography "new devised was Ztschr., in be Vol. Aeg. in may 20 (1882),

'foreign office'the ii., of the chancellery Taf. Egyptian (7a); 103. Budge, p. Mummy, feat, foundV It as small is no was demduring the twentieth 23 specifically for century"Hall, Vol. 273. p. CAH, 3,

dealing Palestine with Syria, 2 since and the Assyrian (British Text Cyl. article in "Original the Museumonstrated

scribes to is it necessary "found devise an orthogNo. in 1 12168The L. given First Steps King, W. 30 raphy which to in would enable Assyrian, theii read 78ff. them pp. of of the Book Mormon,"Words

records."this 25 own its the time From idiom on is in various new The discussed name form

progressive underwent constant in deterioration lot Spiegelberg, and of Stratege W. to "Der a picked Pamenches,"simply have

until, the seventh century B. by Ztschr, C. other Aeg. Vol. among 8892. 57 (1922), pp. An

things almost "an shift complete in closer even is quality the parallel original ofstrange out provided names and by Amarna of Egyptian vowels"place. taken Pakha-amna-ta, had given with variants in Knudt18 Knudtzon, son, AmarnaTafeln, shall air. of 117, 123, 132, Taf, say Am.the he 1566, what of But was governor we

1566. Amurru under Egypt.II,

Id., 10 Id. to 2. p. seems 1222. The have been 20 89, name notethe man who was able to pick the

27 a personal proper both the Nos. designaand and name 7 9 in

tionright Spiegelberg's list, p. 91. office (cf. of 28 an ones? above), Knudtzon, Spiegelberg, op. cit., p. 91. Hem O

1566ff. 29 Winlock, p. finds Egyptian 275, JNES,

20 cf. Ne. Kishkumen Thus 9:10), Kumen, at (3 commoners with Hesi. Thebes names Hesem, FOOTNOTES

cit., Kumenonhi; op. Albright, 30 44, pp. Era, Harold Lundstrom, 1948, February

21 See cut, accompanying which 85. be p. may58. Cambridge Ancient History, R. Hall, i H.

2 A Moret, Histoire de VOrient (Paris: Presses

Universitaires, 1941), Vol. 2, p. 591, renders

the name Herihor, the "h"being hard "kh."

The vowels are largely guesswork: thus E. A.

(Cambridge, 1925), The Budge,W. Mummy The October 5, 1969 Ztschr, Vol. Heriher; (Aeg. 20, Hurhorp. 103:

1882, Suppl. pi. ii); HerHeru. (E. Budge, TheNile, 1912, p. 50); HerHor, A Wiedemann, SpokenWord

"Beitrage zur aegyptischen Geschichte,"Aeg.

Ztschr., Vol. 23 (1885), p. 83; Breasted, like

H, R. Hall, prefers Hrihor. In this study we

followhave Moret, chosen to whose recent largely study the Take time for your children supersedesand thorough others. 3 Moret, op. cit., Vol. 2, p. 569. By Richard L. Evans

4 E. Winlock, H. "The Egyptian Eleventh this e "shall swiftpassing in these pass again notDynasty,"Journal Studies way"—and Near Eastern of / A \ of(University Press), Chicago Vol. 2 (1943), insistently, scenes to there seasons almost and seemsp. come—256. \/\/ 5 Winlock, p. 266. all cry: children. Take time for your compelling Vabove else—this n xiii early the (or Nehep), g., E. Neheb V

Nehsi,Dyn. of names great numbers and beMore and more, professional people are telling us that children are

It is justginning element with the Nebor Nep-.

possible, since the name it is a sobering in thestead Book isof writtenMormon,Nephithat theinshaped and molded at a very early age—so early that of Nefi

as in of"ph"represents, the Greek the same fact to face. Home, parents, early impressions set the pattern for the

thatperiod, case In an unstable "h"—"p-h."

to Nehor be equivalentBook would the that in this evidence nothing world is overwhelming in future—and version of Amenophisthe Hebrewof Mormon IV, who

Palestine is called Naphuria, is ever going the place to take Lehi there and would of wholesome, homes. happy And

standHebrewforLevi.Lephi,This,an however,Egyptian isequivalentpure specuof is more to this than food, shelter, and physical sustenance. There is the

lation. 7 A. H. Gardiner, Egyptian Grammar ( Oxford, shaping of attitudes, of minds, of morals; opening avenues of interest

429. p.1927),

activity; instilling at respect, prayers a reverence; honesty, and s mother's cit., op. Moret, Hall, in 518; p. Cambridge

History, Vol.Ancient p.: Hemnuter-tepi. 3, 268 fairness firmness, correction forth knee; with afterwards and "showing 9 E.g., priest the Hemisi of famous Dynasty

1xxiii, cit., op. Hall, 266. p. All all this this increase of love"be, and kindness. cannot we 10 the of oftener, an occurs Nephi Though name

in various formsAmnion seems to turn up as we cannot do, by not being there, by living separate lives, by an overan element far in proper name compounds oftener other than any in the of Book Mormon.

is entirely inThis keeping the with of absorption in outside interests. Take time for your children. They are behavior

Amarnathe namenamesof AmonAmandi,in Amanappa,the East. CompareAmanathabi,the so soon grown, so soon gone. "Is mother home?""Where is mother?"

etc., with Book of Aminadi, Mormon Aminadab; are the questions asked when they come home from anywhere. Oh, let

also has Ammunira relationship to the same

BookAmarnaof nameMormonKhamuniraAmmoni-hahhas toasBookthe ofderivedMorthem have the blessing of your beirig there. Take time for open arms;

Camenihah. for talking, for reading, prayer: For formon names, A. for hours. Amarna family evenings J. and home

Knudtzon, Die ElAmarna-Tafeln (Leipzig,

I I it: Vol.1915), discerning p. put "Richer a 1557. than As 2, poet the various For one vocalyou can had never be—izations as of Amon, AmenAmun-, Gardi- 2

ner, for fixing for read Egyptian to me."time mother memories; Take making Grammar, p. also 431. who Compareetc.,

Bookamon of(EgyptianMomon alwaysHelamanwriteswith "r"Egyptianfor SemiticHersure foundations that will last long after less essential things are far i l Moret, op. cit., Vol. 2, p. 658, and passim, forgotten. Mothers need to be home. A mother, a father waiting is a

isAncientvery insistentHistory, onVol.this3, point;p. 280:Hall,EgyptCambridge(in the source of safety and assurance. Parents need to give their children wholeseventh century) "never ceased to claim the someness and wholeness by the very lives they live. Oh, the blessednesswest lands as an ancient regarding dominion,"

Hittites Assyrians and interlopers. as mere

op. 12 Moret, cit., Vol. 43739, 567ff; of coming home and finding mother there, with love and kindness and 2, pp.

Wolf, "VorlaeuferW. der Reformation Echnatons,"Ztschr., Vol. Aeg. 109encouragement. Life goes quickly. Don't brush them off and turn them 59 (1924), pp.

19; Hans Bonnet, Verstaendnisdes "Zum before they're grown, bekretismus,"Aeg. Ztschr., Vol. 75 (1939), Syjipp. over to others. Take time for your children—

45f. fore they're gone. Oh, take time for your children.

13 Winlock, JNES, Vol. 2, p. 250; Moret, pp.

209, 436. 14 'D&C 121:43. Breasted, Ancient Records, Vol. 3, p. 27;

cf. 2Strickland Hall, op. cit., Gillilan, The Reading Mother. p. 294. Vol. 3,

Era, November 1970 125 End ofan Era Humor in the Era Throughout theYears

An intelligent farmer has "How soon shall I know A Sunday School teacher, discovered that by planting anything after I come out of having read during the week onions and potatoes in the anesthetic?""Well, that's that there are 3,566,480

the same field in alternate expecting a lot from an letters in the Bible, rows the onions become anesthetic."(1936) put the question to his class

so strong that they bring of teenage boys on tears to the eyes of the I rose and gave her my seat Sunday. The first answer

potatoes in such volume that I could not let her stand. he received was 3,000,533.

the roots are kept moist She made me think of Mother "Is that right?"he asked,

and a big crop is raised With that strap held in her hand. pursuing the question.

in spite of the drought. (1942) "No, "came a voice from the

(1899) back of the room. "Will

Mr. Jones: "I have a great idea you please tell us

for improving the taste of salt."how many there are, then?"

Mr. Hopeful: "I'm quite a near Mrs. Jones: "What is it?"The answer came with

neighbor of yours now. Mr. Jones: "Sprinkle it on a big, clarity. "Twentysix

I've taken a house by the river.'juicy steak."(1945) letters, sir. Just

Miss Golightly: "Oh, I hope twentysix letters."

you'll drop in someday."Bill Jones stopped in at a (1959)

(1907) pet store and was entranced by a remarkable bird that was not only beautiful to LifeAmong

The following conversation look at but also spoke in theMormons took place in a certain eight languages. He

wellknown college: "You are the paid a good round sum for the In our early morning

greatest dunce I ever met up bird and asked to have seminary class, our teacher with,"said the professor. it delivered to his house. asked for a show of

"Now, I don't believe that you Reaching home at dinnertime hands how many could repeat to me two that evening, he asked, had ancestors who had texts of scripture correctly.""Has the bird come?"crossed the plains.

"Yes, I can.""Well, do it.""Yes, dear,"his wife replied. Several hands shot up,

The student, with much "It's in the oven now."including that of a Lamanite

feeling and thoughtful "What!"he exclaimed. "In the boy of the Cheyenne tribe.

consideration, said: "He oven? Why, that bird could Aloud he added,

departed and went and hanged speak in eight languages.""Many times!"

Seminary City Ward Mesa, himself."Here he paused, "So?"asked the unperturbed—Basin(Junior Group),

then continued: "Go thou wife. "Then why didn't he Washington (1970)

and do likewise."(1902) say something?"(1950)

ft nft%wffi HOW TO LIVE RIOHTEOIJSLY...WITHOUT RBALLY TRYING

m -**jrPaBI. -

The Era

If r ofYouth U(

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

November 1970

(*i./i—PSTty

*.''- jk.

EfQ m YouWiK Of i W,: fc fillr

"**vjj

1 ML \ Jf

For ten years the Era of Youth has gone out across the Church monthly as an integral part of the Improvement Era. It has been an honor and

a matter of gentle pride for us to be associated with such a great magazine. It has been an honor to prepare and send to the people of

the Church for the benefit of the youth of the Church the choice and challenging materials published in the Era of Youth. We are deeply

grateful to have had that privilege. Your response has been rewarding.

Now a new and long hopedfor development is occurring: beginning in

January 1971 youth and young adult singles of the Church will have a magazine of their own—a fullscale, personal, special magazine exclusively

for them. God bless the enterprise.

For this month's Era of Youth (the last issue except for December's

Christmas special), we've selected a few choice materials out of hundreds of fine ones we've published as a kind of summation and farewell.

We pray you'll enjoy them.

God bless the young people of the Church! We've been so respectful of

you and your rich lives. Stay as great as you are—and keep on growing.

-The Editors

Editors'note:

Having been caught in that proverbial tug-o'-war, have you been pulled to the wrong side? Here's the way back.

January 1966

The Importance

of Being Alma

Alma, known as "the younger"because he bore so exquisite and so bitter as were my pains. Yea, and

I say unto you, my son, that on the other hand, there the same name as his father who was chief high again priest or president of the church, in company with (Al.can 36:1721.)be nothing so exquisite and sweet as was my joy.

four sons of King Mosiah, secretly sought to destroy

A father's faith and prayers inspired a son's con- y) the church by the use of "much flattery"and "many words."The record refers to them as "the very version.

to him? vilest of sinners"(Mosiah 28:4), and Alma as "a And Alma, the younger—what happened

very wicked and an idolatrous man"(Mosiah 27:8). He became the president of the church, succeedWhile thus occupied, Alma received a miraculous ing his father. He also became the chief judge, the

visit. An angel of the Lord appeared to him, explainhighest elective office of his people.

ing that his presence was an answer to the faith, the So? -

fasting, and the prayers of Alma's father. The angel So, from Alma, the younger, we learn that the

told Alma that unless he stopped his deliberate result of true repentance is not, in God's eyes, like effort to destroy the Lord's work, he would be de-—a board into which a nail has been driven, then

stroyed himself. withdrawn, but leaving a hole;

next three the During days and nights, Alma sufbird wing, with broken now mended, which—a fered torments the of the damned. He recounted high; again never can fly so

the experience to his son Helaman in later years:—a train derailed, back again on the track, but

it might have... as I was thus racked with torment, while I was never able to make the distance

harrowed up by the memory of my many sins, behold, I reached.

remembered also to have heard my father prophesy unto God has taught us, through the prophets, that the people concerning the coming of one Jesus Christ, a sincere

Son of God, to atone for the sins of the world.

Now, as my mind caught hold upon this thought, I cried REPENTANCE within my heart: Jesus, thou Son of God, have mercy BRINGS

on me, who am in the gall of bitterness, and am encircled FORGIVENESS everlasting about by the chains of death.—COMPLETE FORGIVENESS And behold, now, I thought when this, I could remember

my pains no more; yea, I was harrowed up by the memory Alma repented, and God forgave him. He became

of my sins no more. the chief high priest, the Lord's anointed. He

And oh, what joy, and what marvelous light I did behold; learned obedience and fulfilled his full potential—

yea, my soul was filled with joy as exceeding as was my in this life.

pain!K Yea, I say unto you, my son, that there could be nothing That's the importance of being Alma. o

Era, November 1970 129 me 1962

VTUINft

By Marion D. Hanks flnlnu

"Abide ye in the liberty wherewith ye are made free; Is it the product of money, education, social

prominence, political power, position?

entangle not yourselves in sin, but let your hands be clean, until the Lord comes."(D&C 88:86.) What Is Freedom?

Usually we think of freedom as absence of restraint on person or property or expression. We are

"Look, it's my life, and I'm going to live it. This is "free"when we are outside prison walls, or out of

a free country, you know, and I'm a free man. What debt, or are able to acquire and dispose of property,

I do is my business and not the business of anyone to manage our lives, or to meet together without else."limitation. Often we speak of freedom as the right

The youngster said it with a snarl and a sneer and responsibility to make decisions—free agency.

and with an intensity that made even the experienced These precious "freedoms"the boy in the councounselor's blood run cold. He tried to talk with selor's office is fortunate enough to enjoy. But there

the boy about a "free country"and "free men"and is a kind of freedom he does not have and does not whose business his serious moral misconduct really understand, that has no political boundaries and is. But the young visitor would have none of it. He nothing to do with dungeons or cells or lack of bread

was very sure of himself. He was "free"and inor opportunity. Sometimes it has burned particularly

tended to prove it by doing just what he pleased. This bright under just such conditions. It is the product

to him was freedom: doing just what he pleased, of free agency properly used. It is the freedom

without thought or reference to anyone else. spoken of by Jesus when he said,

When he had gone the counselor mused for a time "... If ye continue in my word, then are ye my

about freedom. disciples indeed;

Have you? Have you thought seriously about "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall

freedom? make you free.

Ask yourself, what is freedom? "They answered him, We be Abraham's seed, and

How can it be obtained, and protected? were never in bondage to any man: how sayest thou,

Who has it? Ye shall be made free?

"Jesus answered them, Verily, verily, I say unto lust of uncleanness, and despise government. Preyou, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin. sumptuous are they, selfwilled, they are not afraid

"If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall to speak evil of dignities.

be free indeed."(John 8:3134, 36.) "[They] speak evil of the things that they underFreedom is a condition of mastery over ignorance, stand not; and shall utterly perish in their own

unbelief, disobedience, unrighteousness. He who corruption;

escapes the bondage of sin is free. "Having eyes full of adultery, and that cannot

cease from sin; beguiling unstable souls...

How Is Freedom Obtained? "Which have forsaken the right way, and are gone

astray....

It is a gift of God through his Son to all who will "These are wells without water, clouds that are receive it...

truth. learning—by carried with a tempest; to whom the mist of darkness is reserved for ever.

I will walk at liberty: for I seek thy precepts.""And

"For when they speak great swelling words of (Ps. 119:45.)

vanity, they allure through the lusts of the flesh,—by obeying the law. through much wantonness, those that were clean

"I, the Lord God, make you free, therefore ye are escaped from them who live in error.

free indeed; and the law also maketh you free."

"While they promise them liberty, they themselves are of the servants corruption: a man for of whom—by(D&C accepting98:8.) Christ.

of the is overcome, is he brought same in bondage."

"And under this head [Christ's] ye are made free, (2 Pet. 2:9-10, 12, 1415, 1719. Italics added.)

and there is no other head whereby ye can be made

What Is Freedom Worth?—byfree..serving.."(Mosiahhim faithfully.5:8.)

"But whoso looketh into the perfect law of liberty, It is worth everything: every effort, every devotion,

and continueth therein, he being not a forgetful every sacrifice, every service. It is worth life itself,

hearer, but a doer of the work, this man shall be because it gives meaning to life. Eternal life with

—byblessedso inlivinghis deed."that we(Jas.may1:25.)have the Spirit of the ourfree, Fatherfinally, infromheavenignorance,will comeunbelief,to thosedisobedience,who are

Lord. unrighteousness.

"... where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty."(2 Cor. 3:17.) Who Is Free?

Those who learn the law of God, who know the

How Is Freedom Lost? truth, and follow after it. Those who truly love and

—by uncleanness, unrighteousness, sin. will not hate.

"Abide ye in the liberty wherewith ye are made He who is loyal and patient and forgiving. The girl

free; entangle not yourselves in sin, but let your who lives with happy memories and selfrespect.

hands be clean, until the Lord comes."(D&C 88:86.) The boy who passes the sacrament, or administers

"For if after they have escaped the pollutions of it, with clean hands and an honest heart. The young

the world through the knowledge of the Lord and people who refuse to trifle with bad habits, to cheat

Savior Jesus Christ, they are again entangled therein, in school, to keep bad company. They who know

and overcome, the latter end is worse with them than that freedom has a twin named responsibility. Indithe beginning. viduals who can respect themselves and who rever-

"For it had been better for them not to have ence God.

known the way of righteousness, than, after they These are truly free. They know a freedom that

have known it, to turn from the holy commandment the careless or dishonest or wilfully disobedient never—bydeliveredfollowingunto them."bad counsel,(2 Pet.being2:2021.)with foolish comacceptknow. theTheypayareor freegradesto lookthey othershave earned,in the toeye,thinkto

panions. without destructive memories, to live with clear

"The Lord knoweth how to deliver the godly out of conscience, to serve God in the temple or the mistemptations, and to reserve the unjust unto the day sion field.

of judgment to be punished: They are free to walk humbly and with confidence

"But chiefly them that walk after the flesh in the in the holy presence of God. o

Era, November 1970 131 September 1960 I I I have been called a student of science. But I am also

one who loves the gospel of Jesus Christ. For me there has

HO o difficulty in reconciling the principles been no serious of soco so co science the principles o 5 true of true religion, with for both are so"coco so CO C3i concerned with the eternal verities. -to

co s>eo< CO oco 13 S5< >5o True religion is not a narrow thing. True religion con-

$- cerns man and the en-<s> universe o tire in which -si so soo lives. his It concerns heso

so* relationships *o with himself and his fellow men, 1 coI with his environment, so and with God his Creator. It is therefore

-> limitless, and as boundless as eternity that o SO it teaches which ahead of every son liesof Oo God. "Be ye therefore

O perfect, even as your so Father which is in I to so o heaven(Matt. 5:48.)is perfect."What a

co challenge to every man1v. so

lies in these words from to Master, the develop strive, to to himself,-to <s> soco CO HO learn, to seek, to go for- > p ward that he might become as God! se

SO <s>SO CO d SO 1> * < aee > <s> aCO a: increas5O *< o the present of uncertainty as the such In times

5 & s*. COO in the place of ing effort scheme grand to understand man's CO 5*

&3 things proceeds at an accelerated pace. That understanding

alone for the laboratory; not is a problem many of its an- 5-'5 r0 * 2 CO 53

of the spiritual. in the realm found swers will be

I would like to suggest to youth who may feel inclined When I left home to go to college, my father said to me, to disparage religion as they pursue other studies, that they "Son, I have never intentionally told you an untruth.

will bring enrichment to their lives by cultivating faith and You must never believe anything that isn't true, no matter an interest in things of the spirit as they follow their other who tells it to you.

pursuits. Such faith will never detract from their abilities "Now, I believe the gospel is the truth. It is not a fragile

in other fields, but it will broaden their thinking and give thing and will bear searching examination.

added depth to their character. "Remember to be clean. Never profane the name of God.

Always live so that you will be comfortable in the company of good people. Search for truth diligently and prayerfully.

I believe that many of our young people have impover- I know you will be all right."

ished their lives by a thoughtless denial of the faith of their fathers in their desire to be what they call scientific and objective. The Lord himself outlined the procedure for discovering

religious 'truth when he said: "If any man will do his will,

he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or

Most scientists, I believe, would not presume to say that whether I speak of myself."(John 7:17.)

a thing may not be because they do not understand it, nor would they deny the validity of spiritual experiences of others because they have been without such experiences Contemplating the aweinspiring order in the universe, themselves. extending from the almost infinitely small to the infinitely

large, one is overwhelmed with its grandeur and with the limitless wisdom which conceived, created, and governs it

The restored gospel teaches that certain things are all. Our understanding, great as it sometimes seems, can be

known by revelation and by study, but much more remains to nothing but the wideeyed wonder of the child when measbe learned. God in his wisdom will reveal more as the need ured against Omniscience.

arises. We are engaged in a neverending program of eternal

progression. We learned from the Prophet Joseph that man lived before he was born; that life is a school where man is sent to

learn the things the Lord intends; and that he continues on

The scientific method which has served so brilliantly in into life after death. Death is not the end; it is but one more

unraveling the mysteries of this world must be supplemented step in a great forward march made possible by the reby something else if we are to enjoy to the fullest the blessdemption wrought by the Savior. This is the spirit of true

ings that have come of the knowledge gained. It is the great science: constant and eternal seeking.

mission and opportunity of religion to teach men "the way, the truth, the life,"that they might utilize the discoveries of the laboratory to their blessing and not to their destruction. God grant that in seeking the mysteries of his handiThere is need for added spirituality, of the kind that leads work, we may also learn his great religious truths (which we

to brotherhood, to go hand in hand with the scientific have been prone to disregard) that our efforts might become progress of our time. a blessing unto us.

f

or "'er later ""MNfrto a 'of e, drink *on* yU'! '

UI coavx yo. to toy??**"T a cigarette1**<!J

tompt dirt. Some. Z"dy wu,gojeeoff yon,* j."?"

6""'* r speed, or t*teP V'h moralleveJ f, dow"to

P'ead for an a!,, eboa> will

duri<r *!? exams f""** *l Just somebody mlght s

',on to God. 'n devo.

And about it?

Emerson, saia world How to | ll,e whni n e you m to.,. easy & to i;, e. afto'- (he oPtoi.'r?Ws H

*"*. "* Sreat * / *neWithstand idst *o in / of I..T *"Perfect *<*Ps Cro's he

Social h8'and <* * pCCtnlt

January 1968 You must, you know. Here are

five ways that work.

1. Make up your mind ahead No

arp. matter, howaow much, u youof time.

Consider WHY you have the standards you do. Go deeper

than merely saying, "Because Remember that vonr w, '

I'm a Mormon."Why do Mormons feel as they do? Consider

what comes next if you should to agam kind of the wrongsuccumb the inspiring scripture in esocial pressure. 6:13 -17: "therefor"answers. nI,7nt ready 2. Have tX Wh,e ""our Think up clever, interesting, ofGod tr

reply to things firmfun but tneeVV- and &K offer to lower given anwhen do* aft to stan7'your standards in any way. "My ha"f

computer says NO.""But I

'andmight break out in a terrible havinon?hf V* trUth

rash!""... and get grounded

d Afor a week?""Does a pay raise Ur f et S hod ""the Prep ara with it?"come tfn o; ththe e.'}. Act with confidence. peace; goaM of

You may be nervous or emfrightened, orbarrassed even h th\Shai,beshiew -'rr it let hesiDon'tbut don't show. ableto,uencnUt /f.f'erydartstate. Just 'everyone remember, ofthewicked

is NOT smoking or racing or petting or cheating.... YOU vation'ntofsalare not!

the Word of 4. Change the subject. \God."

Refuse to take such a stupid offer seriously. Quickly move on

to another subject. Begin by

asking, "In how many languages can you sing 'Silent Night'?"

"What do you know about the Mormons?"what has become a great lesson Oliver the Lord had to reply, of his notso-glorious career as to me. He said, "No one expected "Because you did not continue as

a high school quarterback. Alme to make a touchdown. Even you commenced... I have taken

though he made the team, the running the wrong way was unaway this privilege.... You

truth was soon evident, and midderstandable. But there was no feared, and the time is past, and

season found him the fourth of excuse for a quarterback without it is not expedient now."(See

four at that position. By season's shoes!"D&C 9:5, 11.) The opportunity

end, he had given up. During the In one of the revelations conof a lifetime had not been seized

final game he pulled off his shoes, tained in the Doctrine and Coveduring the lifetime of the opporwrapped himself in a blanket, and nants, Oliver Cowdery was told tunity, and it was gone forever.

settled down to watch his buddies that he was to be granted the gift Young people of the Church, perform. of translation. (D&C 6:25.) there is a great growth ahead for

Then it came. But here, in a far more serious you. There is permanent, peace-

"Hey, you! Get in there and contest, was another quarterback ful joy to be felt. Be faithful. Be

move the ball!"without shoes. He wasn't as ready ready. Believe in the battle, and

The sound almost stunted his as he had once been. His belief be willing to serve. To all who

growth. What should he do? His in himself and his cause had falwill hear, the angel is saying what

first impulse was to say "Wait, tered, and though he cried, "Wait he said long ago to Peter: "Arise

coach, while I put on my shoes."while I get ready!"he learned that... bind on thy sandals...

The next two possibilities were eternal work can seldom wait. To follow me."(See Acts 12:7-8.)

either to pretend he didn't hear or to lapse into a coma. He did

the only manly thing. Strapping on

his helmet as he ran, he made straight for the huddle, his stockinged feet conspicuously evident. Amid unbelieving teammates he called a play. But the

shock of his first game was a little disconcerting, and as he took the snap from center, it dawned on him that he had forgotten which play he called. As

his defense moved to the right, he nimbly went left and met the world of opposition head on and was swallowed up in the snarl of opposing linemen.

Though the story goes on to something of a happy ending, my friend takes the occasion to teach

September 1969

r

..",:.,, By Loye Wright

jjfcffll '3#vS"

a. in Goci / have Ron Clark does. In fact, he will never forget. He

put my trust; I will not fear what was lying pinned beneath a twoton cattle truck

at the bottom of a desert wash. Beside him were flesh can do unto me."(Ps. 56:4.) several of his best friends—dead. Around him

What were you doing on the afternoon of June was the bloody disaster that resulted when the 10, 1963? Probably you don't remember. But big truck crashed backwards off a cliff, bearing

August 1967

''< Illustrated by Sherry Thompson the precious burden of 45 people. Now 12 of those to sing at the funeral services."

45 were dead. Twenty more were injured. Ron How could he? His jaw was too badly swollen

himself was trapped near the front of the heavyfor movement. Besides... these were five very

vehicle where the greatest weight was. His jaw special guys.

had been severely knocked out of joint when the "You can do it,"President Lewis promised, "if truck went over, and his left leg was crushed you will pray, and if you really wantr to."

under the truck. He really wanted to. The next few days were

As soon as he could pull his arms and right leg filled with prayer. He knew only the Lord could

free, Ron set his jaw himself as best he could help him accomplish this incredible task.

amid all the crying and screaming of the hurt The morning of the funeral he couldn't eat;

passengers. The unhurt MIA superintendent who the jaw was rigid, and *he spoke through closed

had been accompanying the group of Scouts, for teeth. Practicing beforehand was a fiasco. With

whom this trip was to have been a super activity, those clenched teeth he could get no resonance was making the rounds, checking the extent of or carrying power. But he had given his word.

the damage. When he reached Ron he asked him His earnest prayers continued right up to the

how badly he was hurt. The young man tipped time he sat with his brother Bob in the choir loft

his head back. of the old Provo Tabernacle.

"Charlie,"his voice trembled, "I've lost my Then suddenly, minutes before he was to sing, leg."He couldn't feel a bit of life in his left leg, an overwhelmingly peaceful feeling settled on

and terrible visions of the future raced through him, and Ron turned to his brother. "I can move

his mind. But despite the pain and worry, it was my jaw!"he whispered. "It feels all right!"

Ron who kept telling the others, "It's all right. He picked up his crutches, limped over to the

They're going to get us out of here."organ, and with a faint smile nodded to organist

Ron was the last one pulled from the wreckage. Byron Jensen. The young Explorer stood up tall

Soon after he was taken to the Panguitch Hosand looked below at the flowercovered caskets pital, his family arrived from Provo. bearing the bodies of five of the friends he had

"I'm all right, Mother,"he had said. buddied with practically all his life. How could he

This 16year-old Explorer showed remarkable sing?

courage. And a few days later he was called upon His voice rose, beautiful and pure. "May the

to show perhaps even greater valor. good Lord bless and keep you...."The unwaverHe was sent home, where he had to be fed ing notes filled the tabernacle and soared to heathrough a straw because he could not move his ven on the summer breeze. "Fill your dreams with

badly swollen jaw. He could hardly speak. He sweet tomorrows. Never mind what might have

couldn't sing. For Ron that was very serious. been...."The melody was strong until the last,

All during his life he had brought a great deal but then... he couldn't go on. He faltered, then

of beauty and pleasure into the lives of those who whispered, "... till we meet again."*

had heard his incomparable voice. When he was Tears coursed down the faces of the fifteen

only 12 years old, he sang his way into the hearts hundred sobbing people gathered in the taberof those at general conference who heard his lovenacle—tears shed not only for the five boys who

ly renditions of "Listen, Dear Teacher"and had been taken, but tears also for the courage of "When He Comes Again."Only a year ago he a young Explorer with a puffy jaw.

had sung in a chorus at stake conference. His As for that jaw—immediately after the song,

friends had sung with him then—the same ones it locked shut again, and weeks passed before Ron

who helped plan the trip to Southern Utah. could open it.

He remembered how happy they all had been: Nobody can tell Ron that miracles don't happen.

Randy Miller, Lynn Merrell, Gary Christensen, He's had a few close calls since then, too, but he's

Gary Rasmussen, Joe Erickson, and Gordon Grow now living the dream of his life—a mission, in

—all good friends. Those were happy days. Ahead the Eastern Atlantic States. But miracles don't

of him now was Gordon's funeral and, the next happen all by themselves. It takes real faith,

day, the joint funeral for five of his closest pals. sincere prayers, and a lot of personal effort. In

Ron could only get around a little with the aid this case, all were supplied in abundance by a of crutches when the stake - president, Ben E. very strong young man. O

Lewis, called on him.

the Good Lord Bless and Keep You,"words *"May

Willson. Meredith "Ronnie,"he had said, "the families want you and music by

Era, November 1970 139 Christmas is for sharing knew that Homer had wanted canyon boots for as long

I as I could remember. He was eleven and I ten, and we

had spent many nights under the blue quilts at the cabin—bootstalking aboutthat wouldhow greatclimb itthroughwould bethornyto havebushes,somethatreal wouldboots

ward off rattlesnakes, that would nudge the ribs of the pony; we had planned the kind of leather they should be

and what kind of decoration they should have.

But we both knew it was just talk. The depression had

been hard on Father's business, and even shoes for school were usually halfsoled handme-downs.

Christmas that year had promised as always to be exciting, though mainly because of the handmade things we'd worked on in school for our parents. We never had money

to spend on each other, but we had caught early in our lives a sort of contagion from our mother. She loved to give, and

her anticipation of the joy that a justright gift would bring to someone infected our whole household. We were swept

up in breathless waiting to see how others would like what we had to give. Secrecy ruled—open, exaggerated secrecy, as

we made and hid our gifts. The only one whose hiding place

we never discovered was my Grandmother's. Her gifts

seemed to materialize by magic on Christmas morning and were always more expensive than they should have been.

That Christmas I was glowing because Mother had been so happy with the parchment lamp shade I'd made in the fourth grade, and Father had raved over the clay jewelry case I had molded and baked for him. Gill and Emma Lou

had been pleased with the figures I'd whittled out of clothespins, and Homer had liked the Scout pin I'd bargained for with my flint. Then Grandma started to pass out her

presents.

Mine was heavy and square. I'd been -in the hospital that

year and then on crutches, and I'd wondered how it would be to have an Erector set to build with. Grandma had a

knack at reading boys'minds, and I was sure that's what it was. But it wasn't. It was a pair of boots, brown tangysmelling leather boots.

I looked quickly to Homer's package. His was a sweater.

He'd needed one all fall. I wanted to cover my box before he

saw what it was. I didn't want the boots; they should have

been his. He came toward me, asking to see, and I started

to say, "I'm sorry, bruv."

But he was grinning. And he shouted, "Hey, everybody

look what Richard's got."He swooped the boots out of the

box, fondled them like treasure, and then sat on the floor at my feet to take off my halfsoled shoes and put on the brand new boots.

I don't remember how the boots felt, nor even how they looked. But Christmas rang in my soul because my brother

was glad for me.

RICHARD WARNER AS TOLD TO EMMA LOU WARNER THAYNE

December 1964 /-ms*.

* '*Uy

An African Adventure

by Rendell N, Mabey President, Swiss Mission

i N MY life I have had the "Is Salt Lake City beautigreat blessing of traveling ful?"she asked.

widely over the face of the "It is a very beautiful -city,"earth, including several safaris I replied.

and a number of visits in She said, "Have you ever

Africa. seen, the Mormon temple?"

Once in Northern Rhodesia "I walk by the temple al- i now known as Zambia) I met most every day,"I said.

the chief of police of the city She asked, "Have you ever of Lusaka, who had learned been in the temple?"

that I was interested in col- "Yes,"I answered. "I have

lecting a roan antelope. He been in the temple many

arranged to take us in several times. 1 am a Mormon bishop."

jeeps to a ranch about 100 Tears filled her eyes. She

miles away where we might arose, ran into her bedroom, find a roan. and returned shortly with a

It was a hot, dusty, sultry day, and the going book wrapped up in a silk scarf. It was a Book

was very difficult on the poor roads. Toward eveof Mormon. She told me that many years ago

ning, still a short distance from the ranch house when she was a little girl in Capetown, South where we were heading, our jeep broke down. The Africa, her mother had studied with the missionyoung ranch foreman came to help us, and we aries but had not joined the Church. The young

arrived safely, to be greeted at the ranch house by lady, however, later did. After her marriage to a

his young bride who immediately offered us a welNew Zealander she had moved to this ranch. She

come drink, "We have anything you want except had not seen a member of the Church for a long, water,"she said with a smile. "Water is very danlong time, and she was overjoyed that I had

gerous to drink out here unless it is thoroughly come.

boiled."'"I'd prefer an orangeade,"I said. There we were—the only two Mormons within

By noon the next day wo had a fine roan antelope. a thousand miles—and we had met on an isolated

After a lovely meal prepared by the young lady of ranch in the darkest part of Africa.

the house. 1 sat alone with her at the table, talking. Once again I learned how important it is that

She said, "Mr. Mabev. where did you say you are we always live our religion. If one wanted to hide

from?"from his religion, I suppose he could not find a

"I am from Utah, but most people in Africa don't better place than in central Africa, and yet, there know where Utah is located. Utah is some 700 miles 1 met a member of the Church.

inland from California."The world is not big enough for any member

"Yes, 1 know,"she said. "What part of Utah are of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterda v Saints

you from?":o iind a place where he

"Salt Lake Citv."sponsibilities of his membership.

A SERIES OF MESSAGES TO YOUTH /r

March 1967

$j*-,-ff.f Q. aSffof I

August 1965

f Cannon m*> roum h shall asei.. There.and heis beautywho hasin eyesall theto seeplaces one

peet—in Wordsworth's host of daffodil

field'sThoreau'ssea, winterin Emerson'sanimals,pompon.-in Willih

plains, in a!] thy orderly arrangement*

andGod's universe, There is a certain magnitude in even the smallest part.

places not one might are some There where

it. 1 for to be, t is found. but looking expect

all!beauty after

have Youth appreciating! on

fresha corner eyes, they uncluttered ads, eagerfor hearts. richness life in conies ben seeing miW..eauty, seeButiswith merely recofrnizin beauty than morereal

being in the presence of beautv is an texperience,

This takes some conscious effort This Itakes some work; well And worth

it if iftg; of itbeauty,is found,for. wherever cultivating-.To be aware

fully is enlivened. to to to it respond be imto be

In Plato's HtfYAfXisiitm Diotima tell i derates that to "one see has in who be&i due

t tie succession, order and conies learnedwhen ftyaward perceive end a of wondrous Baton absolute, beautywill isimple separate,. suddenly.,"beauty and the And'thisourlife,

tr everlasting."describe goes on to She

ascent in appreciating beauty, It begin?

of earth, beauties and upwan mounts beauty,"other froru one fair exemptfrompublic haunt, sake of that going form to "all fair forms, and from fail forms tu a*;d fair fair practises, fair ea jwractia to from tongues in trees, Finds until fair notions, notions |we] from artlveat'the

.. absolute notion God. beauty notton h

": says, Socrates,"dear she. which

1 brooks, li books in the running others lifethe myailof is.7e the should which This,above m

of absolute/*mm contemplation <::'beauty pi;rp"- this te issue the The to enc<jurage

stones, for search beautiful in the of phases Sermons in life, instil idea yoiall th to that the amongabout LBSus less in settle than idea! books, the highest for

clothes, entertainment, music, &xperien<*s, people thing,. every to andgoodin

is life. "Vi"<?\-e of the shortchange measure to gives

you quotation a to Shakespeare from start the search. are These only a few take

phrase or separately ere andlines,look butwh it eachcan lead rich you. a unfolding! Whatidea if

There IsBeautyAll Around... and he who has eyes to see shall see!

By Elaine Cannon

in Wordsworth's host of daffodils, in Masemoment. It is refining and uplifting and soulpect—There is beauty in all the places one would expleased and weaned from all other interests for a

field's sea, in Emerson's sunsets and Thoreau's strecching. It is a coming close to Christ.

winter animals, in Willa Cather's plains, in all the In Plato's Symposium, Diotima tells Socrates that orderly arrangements of nature and God's universe. "one who has learned to see beauty in due order and

There is a certain magnitude in even the smallest succession, when he comes toward the end will sudpart. denly perceive a nature of wondrous beauty...

There are some places where one might not expect beauty absolute, separate, simple and everlasting."

beauty to be, but looking for it, it is found, after all. She goes on to describe the order of ascent in apYouth have a corner on appreciating beauty, for preciating beauty. It begins with "the beauties of

they see with fresh eyes, uncluttered minds, eager earth and mounts upwards for the sake of that other hearts. But real richness in life comes when seeing beauty,"going from one fair form to "all fair forms,

beauty is more than merely recognizing it, when and from fair forms to fair practices, and from fair being in the presence of beauty is an experience. practices to fair notions, until from fair notions we

This takes some conscious effort. This takes some arrive at the notion of absolute beauty... which

cultivating. And it is well worth working for. notion is God. This, my dear Socrates,"she says,

To be aware of beauty, wherever it is found, to "is the life above all others which man should live respond to it fully is to be enlivened, to be instantly in the contemplation of beauty absolute."O

.

BUY ONE BOOK & GET ONE FREE for joining BEEHIVE BOOKCLUB

(Purchase $4.95 and choose any $4,Book Free!)

14 CHOICE BOOKS BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH:

to Gospel Questions1. Answers 3.25 ea. OTHER TITLES: 14. Saga of Bk.of AbrahamTodd 4.95 5 vols.

2. Seek Ye Earnestly (NEW) 5.95 10. Book of Mormon Digest 15. Doc. Commentary of Pearl of

3. Take Heed to Yourself 4.95 (New Hardback) 3.95 Great Price 4.95

4. Signs of the Times 3.50 1 1 Make a Treat with Wheat- 1 6. Outstanding Stories of Gen.

5. Essentials in Church History 5.95 Richards 1.95 Authorities 4.95

6. Teachings of Joseph Smith 4.50 12. Out of Best Bks Vol. 1 2.75 ea. 17. Remembering the McKays 2.95

7. Progress of Man 3.95 Vols. 2-5 2.25 ea.

8. Way to Perfection 3.50 13. Gospel Doctrine (Sunday Also order books by Hawkes Publications

9. Man, His Origin & Destiny 4.50 School manual) 4.95 Advertised on inside of back cover!!

Please enroll me as a member and send me a free catalog. I agree to return the "Review Card"each month

or else purchase the "Feature Book"for that month. For every $20 of nondiscounted books I will receive a

ISeehiVe FREE BOOK! I am purchasing $4.95 now and may choose any book under $4 free for joining. One per

person! (For postage and handling add 25c per book ordered. In Utah add 4Vi% sales tax.) I have enclosed

$ for the following numbered books: - -—

bookclub Print Name:...... - -

Drive 4663 Rainbow - - '- Zip Address: CITY, SALT LAKE Nov. 70 84107 but send books listed & paid for! d Not joining, UTAH

BALANCE YOUR EDUCATION WITH UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY and LOGAN LDS INSTITUTE

With 8,600 students, USU is large 'enough to provide A firstrate Institute faculty provides religious instruction.

quality education and a broad curriculum, yet small enough Other features:

to assure individual, personal attention. Regular lecture series by General Authorities and other

Students come from 50 states and 51 nations. About Church leaders; LDS Student Wards and Stakes; LDSSA

70% are LDS. programs—spiritual, social, cultural, recreational; David 0.

Logan is an ideal college city, with a clean, uncrowded, McKay Student Living Center, providing housing with LDS wholesome atmosphere, located in a picturesque recreation standards; Logan LDS Temple, 6 blocks from campus.

area.

For information, send the reply card, or write: Student Services, Utah State University, Logan, Utah 84321

.

MEANINGFUL GIFTS THAT LAST

HAWKES PUBLICATIONS

4663 RAINBOW DRIVE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84107 side and Inspired on other side 9.95 20. Many Called, but FewChosenAndersonl.25

(Send your name, address and titles) 8. Inspired Version of Joseph Smith 7.95 21. How to Survive in a Famine 1.95

9. Reprint of 1830 Edition: Book of M. 8.95 22. Genesis of Your GenealogyNichols 2.75

10. Trial of Stick of JosephJack West 2.25 23. Genealogical Atlas of the U.S.-Everton 3.00

1 Book of Mormon DigestHardback; 30 11. Book of Mormon on Trial 3.95 24. Handy Guide to Genealogical Library 1.50

new charts; 1700 questions & Digest 3.95 12. New Look at MormonismRich 2.95 25. How Book forGenealogistsEverton 2.25

2. New Testament Digest -softback 1.95 13. Great Leaders of B of M - color 9.95 26. Handy Book for Genealogists 4.95

3. Scripture Cards for Missionaries 2.50 14 He Walked the AmericasTaylor Hansen 6.95 27. Lives & Timesof our English Ancestors 4.95

4. Make a Treat with WheatHazel Richards 1.95 15 Beginnings - Carol Lynn Pearson 2,95 28. Sure Guide to Genealogical Research 3.00

5. Fascinating GirlAndelin (NEW) 6.95 16 Search -Carol Lynn Pearson 2.95 29. Halley's Bible Handbook 4.50

6. Fascinating WomanhoodAndelin 5.95 17. StarCounter - Dennis Smith 2.95 30. Smith's Bible Dictionary 4.95

7. Joseph Smith New Translation: Lists all 18. Eternal Gift - John Stewart 1.75 31. Lord of ExperienceLarson (Poetry) 5.95

verses changed; shows King James one 19. Mormonism & the NegroJohn Stewart 1.75 32. Singing with JoyJoy Baker (Children) 2.95

If think you can sell...we

we've got your number.

(801) 3648401

I'm Jay Horrocks. I'm in charge of marketing for Beneficial Life. (801) 3648401

is my phone number. If you're looking for greater sales potential, call me... collect.

Beneficial is growing. Rapidly. We have

just reached our first billion dollars in force and expect to be working on our third billion by 1975. Inviting new opportunities are opening up in nearly every state for agency

managers and consultants to tell the exciting

Beneficial Life story. Part of that story is that

our sales have more than doubled in the past year and are still increasing.

'Why?

Maybe it's because our consultants have what many say is the most rewarding new sales contract in the industry. Or maybe it's because we make insurance so easy to buy

($100,000 policy for less than $19 a month at age 30). It could be our new Professional

Whole Life policy, with a first year cash value of more than half the firstyear premium, plus a nonsmoker's discount. Then

there's our income replacement insurance.

It's tops too.

We think our insurance, placed by a weiltrained Beneficial Life consultant, is the finest insurance value in America today.

I've mentioned just a few of many reasons why we and our consultants are growing so rapidly.

Give me a call. Let's talk about

NEW GROWTH FOR YOU!

r Is your > life insurance Beneficial

eneficial Life INSURANCE COMPANY SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH