DO IT YOURSELF AND SAVE WITH

ALUMINUM PRODUCTS Twice the value... half the price... easily installed by anyone! Wepco

Aluminum Combination Doors and Windows have all the quality features found only in much more expensive products. Smartly designed lines

and rugged beauty give any home distinction and lifetime protection.

Send coupon today for additional FREE information.

extruded ALUMINUM n.mVWVWDm COMBINATION DOOR

America's highest quality, lowpriced door. Rugged, beautiful, precision built and over one inch thick. Converts in minutes from storm

door to screen and keeps your home more comfortable... winter

and summer! Complete with all hardware including pneumatic door

closer, outside aluminum Z-bar. Never needs paint... can't rust,

warp or bind.

2-LITE DESIGN, 2 storm panels, 1 screen... only $44.95

PtjtOMcdiC all aluminum 3-track COMBINATION WINDOW Tired of taking down screens... putting up storm windows? With

DUOMATIC 3-track design, you have nothing to remove or store.

Changes instantly from storm window to screen. Precision made of

aircraft aluminum for lifetime service. Has stainlesssteel interlock

for yearround, weathertight protection. Anyone handy with simple

tools can install DUOMATIC. AS LOW AS... $18.95

Windows Wide? New, DeLuxe

Windows Small? KANGAROO

SelfStoring WEPCO extruded Aluminum

AWNINGS COMBINATION Fit Them All DOOR Here is the door you've read about in Life... the only door

in the world with its own selfstorage compartment. Storm or

Slide in or out to fit all windows. America's most tomscreenpanel.inserts stored3lite insidedesign.bot-3

beautiful awning at a thrifty low price. Rugged, glass inserts. 2 screens. Comdurable... easy to install. plete with hardware.

AS LOW AS... $17.45 complete

MorrisonMerrill & Co.

Salt Utah Lake City, P. 1530, O. Box ojmkhk dtmPvML Hmhtx Jmlm the Name information rush FREE on Please

products i marvelous Aluminum Wepco checked below: Address,

DUODOR, extruded Aluminum MORRISONMERRILL & CO.! DUOMATICCombination CombinationDoor Window City

Building Material Distributors I NewCombinationDeLuxe KANGAROODoor l Wepco Aluminum Awnings State

JVOfVORDER for Cbrietmae (Stving.

JUST OFF THE PRESS:

i.

ETERNAL QUEST By Hugh B. Brown

Of special interest to book lovers is the release of this new book by

Hugh B. Brown, stake president, mission president, assistant to the Quorum

of Twelve. With skilful and picturesque language, Elder Brown presents

the philosophy of Mormonism, i.e., life is an eternal quest for new truth

or new applications of old truths. It contains inspiring discourses delivered

by the author throughout a lifetime of Church service and is mingled with rich, warm, soulstirring experiences gained during both peace and war. Includes also his "Rational Faith"series. $350

—inn

CHOOSE YE THIS DAY

By Emma Marr Petersen

Here is a delightfully different approach to the problems of youth, particularly those of college age. Entirely fictional and told in an

!.i understandable and easyto-read style, but carefully based upon fact,

this vital volume reveals the problems faced by young people in reconciling philosophy, science, and worldliness with religious truths.

If you liked "For Time or Eternity?"you'll like this book. An excellent aid to youth on such matters as marriage, the Word of Wisdom,

recreation, segregation and interracial marriages.

AN ADVENTURE IN FAITH

By S. Dilworth Young

Written for boys by a boy's man, here is high adventure at its very best.

It's the stirring story of Jed Colby, who, when just a boy, was shanghaied from his home in England, shipwrecked in the Gulf of Mexico, spared from a watery grave to join the Mormon Battalion and trek to California. This

exciting adventure story will appeal strongly to boys of Scout and Explorer age. It is the first release in the youth classics series, a series of good literature, a prime requisite to successful lives. $1 75

ORDER BY MAIL OR THRU YOUR LOCAL BOOKCRAFT DEALER. SEE ORDER BLANK ON NEXT BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

'- v,-. r,Kii tMsMfflmfflBmfflmm PAGE.

1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-7911 1 NOVEMBER 1956 769 GIVE BOOKS...

MOTHERHOOD, A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD

Compiled by Harold Lundstrom The first book written especially for mothers and wives, this authoritative volume contains the words of the General Authorities on such subjects as chastity, motherhood and wifehood, proper dress, and many other timely subjects. $3.50

TELL ME A STORY

Here is a priceless collection of the best stories from the pages of

The Children's Friend. A thrilling companion volume to "A Story

to Tell."Throughout its pages, exciting wholesome stories unfold

which will delight the hearts of all youngsters. An excellent teaching and training aid. $3.00

DOCTRINES OF SALVATION The sermons and writings of Joseph Fielding Smith 6. VOLUME I.

7. VOLUME II.

8. VOLUME 111.

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

This best selling series of three volumes is one of the most authoritative works to be made available to the Church in recent years. Simply

written and easy to understand, these volumes give new insight to dozens of little understood but much discussed topics. A must for

every LDS library. Each—$3.25

s?s8S; mmmmmmmmmfmmmm

9. TEMPLES OF THE MOST HIGH

Compiled by N. B. Lundwall

enlarged Revised and seller... best perennial editionnow includesof a

material on the Swiss, London, and

Los Angeles Temples. $3.25

10. PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

COMMENTARY By Dr. Milton R. Hunter

II. DELUXE BINDERS 12. TEMPLE BINDERS theAn authoritativedoctrines and workhistorycommentingof the Pearlon

Price, Great and their importance Rich leatherette emof leatherette Rich emExpandable. Expandable.

to Latterday Saints. $3.00 gold. Five temples bossed with Five temples gold. withbossed

from which to choose. Heavy from which to choose. S3. 00

duty hinge. $5.00

gJggiwSSggSiSSglHgSiHS

BOOKS FOR

GENEALOGICAL SUPPLIES ByCHILDRENDr. Deta Petersen.. Neeley.

Packet No. 1 Contains 35 Family Group, 10 Pedigree, 5 Fam13. THE JOURNEY TO THE PROMily History, 6 Personal Record, 3 Picture Pedigree Sheets.. $1.00 ISED LAND.

Acetate Sheets each.20 14. THEPROMISE.PRECIOUS LAND OF

Lineage Charts, Includes set of 16 charts (Mecham) 1.50

Book of Remembrance Guide Sheets 1.00 15. THETANCE.LAND OF THEIR INHERICharts Pedigree Large

fold 3 - 20 16. THEPROMISEDSAVIORLAND. VISITS THE

6 fold 30 STORY OF THE A CHILD'S Single Sheet - 10 17.

PRICE. OF GREAT PEARL

Genealogical Workshop Basic Course (Prince) 50 Here are five expertly written

How Book for Genealogists (Everton & Rasmuson) 75 toworkshelpforthemyoungunderstandLatterdaythe SaintsBook of Mormon and Pearl of Great Genealogical Handbook 50 storiesPrice. Adults,appealing,too, willinspirational,find these

and educational. $1.75

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..The Lasting Gift.

<3oob JSooke $a "flfoerr Cbristmas"all ear 18. THE FIRST 2000 YEARS 21. HOW TO PRAY AND STAY By W. Cleon Skousen long—AWAKE

By Skousen Max the covers that book absorbing An insight to efficacy the An of facts the of time from prayer devotion to written and of the to Abraham. days salientAdam all help understand appreand $3.25

this ciate sacred experimost ence. $1.75

COWLEY, 19. MATTHEW MAN OF 22. ADDED UPON FAITH By Nephi Anderson

Smith Henry A. By lives intermingled The of six

All the warm, human drama of a people who live and die in Zion life spent in the service of God are continued in the life beyond.

and man has been captured in A unique presentation of the this outstanding book. Faith prohereafter, $1.95

moting. $3.50 23. GOD'S COVENANT RACE

By James H. Anderson

Patriarchal the From times of the THE PEARL 20. THE STORY OF OF Old Testament generaPRICE GREAT tion, the author the toshowsthis con-

R. By Clark James tinuation of divine power and

Twenty years in the writing, this priesthood received by Joseph great work is recommended readSmith. Further explained by an

ing for every Latterday Saint. excellent chart. $2.00

The complete story—not merely in

story form. $3.00

i mms& h *:>sste<<v, immmmm

27. HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH

By his mother, Lucy Mack Smith of Smith The inspired Joseph 24. LOVE TO TO CHERISH AND in his dictated lifemother 1845 by and By Petersen Marr Emma tofor Preston edited Nibley by account moving the of heart- A interreading. with Packed day's break sorrow and caused by historical backexciting esting and the flaunting ties sacred of martruths and Intimate ground. riage.. fine story told a A by his son, from information about a storyteller. master $2.00 $3.00 mother.

25. TIME FOR ETERNITY? OR 28. LIFE LETTERS PAUL'S AND

E. By Petersen Mark B. Dr. Sperry By Sidney

This tells best seller the story of facts interesting and Many, many the courtship, romance, heartand life in experiences ministry the and of aches in love. two young people preauthoritatively are of Paul

Points the out necessity of temple in the scholar great sented a by marriage. $2.00 field the of $3.25 Testament. New ifksmw

29. IN RESEARCH GENEALOGICAL IF I 26. IN TEENS WERE MY WALES ENGLAND AND sparkling series the "Im- A

Smith By Frank and..from. in Era"written provement iW

E. Gardner David retrospect of leaders prominent by fmm his tracing everyone for must youth. A inspirational for guide An

The Wales. England and ancestry all teenagers. $2.00

years spent over 30 havein authors searching among the original records of these lands. $3.00

wSSSSSS&I iSi&iXmw?:**iv':;S:o:'W>S:v:-'W'-::-''

30. HIS MANY MANSIONS

By Rulon S. Howells BOOKS FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS

to need guess By Petersen No about Marr what Emma

... other churches believe this 33. Latterfor STORY young OF OUR CHURCH important lists authentically book

Saints day beliefs of Christian host a of

True, stories faithpromoting restoration of the denominations. $2.25

of the gospel. $3.00

31. FROM THE CROSSROADS 34. BIBLE STORIES for young Latterday Saints

By Richard L. Evans Rich, beautiful stories filled with scriptural

Here is the latest in the> popular lore. $3.00

series of choice desermonettes for STORIES young OF BOOK MORMON livered Richard by on 35. Latterday Saints

the world - famous L. TabernacleEvans will heartthe long people remember Young Choir broadcasts. $2.75 stirring Lamanites. story of the Nephites and

32. OUR PROPHETS AND PRIN- $3.00

CIPLES Published by "The Instructor", this 1 sparkles powerful volume with BOOKCRAFT Nov. 1956 |biographies of ancient and modern

prophets. disday Also contains

cussions of Articles of Faith by 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah the First Presidency. $2.50 Please send the following circled books: <

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 | 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35!.

for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

Name I BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

Address I 1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-7911 | City State.JI

NOVEMBER 1956 771 \Jfficial vJraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF 'The Voice of the Church"EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jhe Lhufch of

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Editor: Managing DOYLE GREEN

Associate Managing JOSEPHSON MARBAL. C.

Production Editor: J. Editor:ELIZABETH MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Manuscript Editor: EILEEN GIBBONS

- Editors: F. ARCHIBALD BENNETT DURHAM G. HOMERFRANKLINContributing HARRIS, NIBLEY - MILTON R. HUNTER HUGH

- LEE B. B. A. PALMERS. SPERRY SIDNEY CLAUDEJR. - PETERSEN General Manager: Associate R. Manager:- ELBERT CURTIS S. REEDER Jhe C-tover BERTHA

Business Manager: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Regional Advertising Representative: THAYER EVANS The magnificent, lighted towers of the

Salt Lake Temple are as a beacon to the traveler at the Crossroads of the West, a

THE EDITOR'S PAGE guide for all* who know for themselves the

Mission of the Church and Its Members.President David O. McKay 781 workwhichofbeginsthe Church.the sixtiethThe yearfullcolorof publicacover

CHURCH FEATURES tion for The Improvement Era was taken

Your Question: The Sons of God and the Daughters of Men from a transparency by Hal Rumel Studios.

Fielding Smith 782 Joseph Priesthood 860 The Church—Moves On 777 Melchizedek

Presiding Bishopric's Page 862 60TH ANNIVERSARY FEATURES The First Presidency Marba C. Josephson 784

The Twelve Apostles Joseph Fielding Smith 786

EDITORIAL BUSINESS OFFICES AND Patriarchal Priesthood Fielding The Smith 789 Joseph 50 Street North Main Assistants to the...Spencer Council of the Kimball 790 Twelve Apostles W.

Offices, Y.M.M.I.A. 50 St. North Main the First and Antoine Council The Seventy R. Ivins 792 Offices, 40 Y.W.M.I.A. North Main

History and Functions of the Presiding Bishopric...Joseph L. Wirthlin 794 Salt Lake City 16, Utah St.

Historian's Office Church The A. William 795 Lund

Copyright Mutual 195G by Funds, Inc., and School The Unified Church 796 System Edwin J. Butterworth published by the Mutual AssoImprovement

The Relief Society Belle S. Spafford 798 ciations of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatThe Deseret Sunday School Union...George R. Hill 800 terdayscription Saints.price, $2.50All rightsa year,reserved.in advanceSubThe YMMIA Association Elbert R. Curtis 802 foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance;

25c single copy. of the Growth The YWMIA

at Office, Salt Entered the Post Lake City, a Little From Rock Church as Utah, secondclass matter. for Acceptance to the World—The GrowthBerthaof theS.PrimaryReeder 804

special mailing at of rate postage provided Association Parmley 806 LaVern W. for in section 1103. au1917, of October Act Genealogical Society E. Petersen The Mark 808 thorized 2, 1918. July

Welfare in the Church Alfred W. Uhrhan 810 The Improvement Era is not responsible for

unsolicited conmanuscripts, welcomes but Tabernacle Choir The 812 (A Chronology) are paid for acManuscripts on

General Music The a at the 814 ceptancetributions. Committee and must word rate of l%c of the Church.. Tracy Y. Cannon

Profiles of the General Authorities of the Church 815 bedeliveryaccompaniedand return.by sufficient postage for

Editorial "The Improvement Era"60th Year of Publication DLG and MCJ 783 Change of Address

SPECIAL FEATURES address.Thirty days'Whennoticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease inof

address slip a recent clude issue of from The Christ Child Is Born—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—the magazine. be Address cannot changes

Doyle L. Green 816 made unless the old address as well as the new There Were Jaredites—"Our Own People"Hugh Nibley 818 one is included.

Man and the Gospel—(A Reprint).B. H. Roberts 820

Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L. Evans 840, 846, 856, 876

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Today's Family

Harris, Jr 773 Snacks: Snappy and Satisfying,

These Times: Volume One, G. Josephine B. Nichols 868 National Advertising Representatives

Homer Durham 774 The Magic Circle, Ethel Hopper..873

STORIES, POETRY EDWARD S. 110TOWNSENDSutter St. COMPANY

To Walk Uprightly Christie Lund Coles 823 San Francisco, California of the Hills Tale Charles (A Reprint) 832 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY Herman Coyotes—A 672 Lafayette Place Park Frontispiece, Let This Frost ArBe Heaven Anobel on a Window,

57, California Los Angeles (A Reprint), Harrison R. Merrill..779 855 mour

Poetry Page 780 Call of the Pibrochs, C. Cameron SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Johns 17, Y. York N. 864 New Indian Shuttle Song, Lael Hill..838 W. the...865 Wizard, Wind Maude Rubin DAVIS & SONS Withdraws, The Day Laban Thomas Morning 30 St. LaSalle Window, N. On Maud My

Johnston 840 Rubin 867 Chicago, Illinois

As Summer Goes, Ethelyn M. Late Gentians, Eva Willes WangsKincher 848 gaard 879 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How can a crisp cookie be so |, by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. meltingly%

tender?

Note: Had there been an "Exploring the Universe"in the first issue

of The Improvement Era, it could have read as below. These four great

discoveries which immediately preceded the birth of the Era resulted in It isn't easy, but Purity

Nobel prizes in three cases, and one should have been given also for does it by the bagful. X-rays.

Professor of Physics W. C. Roentgen

of the University of Wuerzburg,

Germany, has discovered a phenomenon which he calls "X-rays."By using a

glass tube from which the air has been pumped out and discharging electricity from an induction coil through the tube, he has found: "If the hand be held between the dischargetube and the fluorescent screen, the darker shadow of the

bones is seen within the slightly dark shadowimage of the hand itself."

Photographic plates are sensitive to the rays and have been used to take pictures of a hand and other objects in a closed box Lead is effective in stopping the rays. The scientific world has been so

excited by the discovery that over a thousand papers were published on

X-rays during the first year following the first announcement in December almost two years ago.

Uranium and its salts give off a penetrating radiation which affects photographic plates, according to Professor Henri Becquerel of the Ecole

Polytechniq'ue, Paris, France. Marie and Cookies that remind you of longago visits to

Pierre Curie, who are also studying this effect, have called it "radioactivity."Grandma's kitchen!

PECAN SANDIES—light golden cookies with a

Peter Zeeman, assistant at the University of Leyden, Netherlands, has tempting sandy texture that melt deliciously just the discovery announced of the inin your mouth. Nubby with chopped pecans.fluence of a magnetic a light field on

source. Nature in London, England, has And that flavor! Buttery rich,

recently given an English translation of irresistible!this discovery, an effect which was sugary and pecanish—practically

sought in vain by Faraday in 1862. By

heating sodium between the poles of an electromagnet it is found that the light given off by the sodium changes, and that it depends on the direction of the PECAN SANDIBSmagnetic field. The magnetic field

gives the yellow color both slightlyredder and bluer colors. "PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello (Concluded on page 879)

NOVEMBER 1956 773 BUILD MASONRY AROUND Volume One

by Dr. G. Homer Durham -The cAO/>WotHeat

Circulating Fireplace Unit VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

HEATFORM retains the hospitality of fireprovides a yet hearth,the open rate, do our President with compared Willard of the Latterwe Done How efficiency. Heating with furnaceplace

Saints'Is day City. Salt founders? in University Lake Improvement The firebox upper the and aroundchambers President articontributed improving? Talmage Are Era pace keeping an we

circulate largethroat a capture and cle, for set Case standards Providence,"the the of Special with early "A and lost to by the chimney heat ofvolume issues correspondence some volconcerning therein? a achieved and can Who fireplace.the oldfashioned canic eruption this abroad. President Certainly will answer? column Guff

Because HEATFORM is a complete guide for the not attempt to do so. But as this issue wrote on a current issue in American

of consisting walls (hearth to flue)masonry firecommences the sixtieth year of publicaforeign policy, "The Hawaiian Islands saving throat, damper, andbox, smokedome, some labor, firebrick and separate damper, a tion, it has been interesting to take and Annexation."President Tanner conHEATFORM fireplace costs little more than the some bearings from volume one, numtributed several articles, including items

allmasonry fireplace. ber one, which appeared November 1897 on Bismarck, "China and the European

The extra cost is returned many times over in as the "Organ of the Young Men's MuNations,""European Diplomacy,"and fuel economy and comfortable living. In cold tual Improvement Associations."Joseph so on. President Done did a series,

all furnishes fireplaceclimates, a HEATFORM in Characters the "Young Roberts B. H. were F. Smith and History"which

fall duringthe heat required and spring editors, included business Grant as with Washington, sketches on Heber Joan J. the of operating the expense savingmonths;

central heating system. In mild climates, a manager and Thomas Hull as his asof Arc, the Pitts, Frederick the Great,

HEATFORM fireplace is often all the heat resistant. and others.

quired in the average home. Using the index to volNephi Anderson, the

Build a HEATFORM fireplace in your den, recreaume one as a base, the author of Added Upon tion room, family room, or in any room where first thing to attract my and other works, entered desired. heat is or lakeIn mountainuniform attention was an article "A Plea for Fiction"tofireplace will cabins,shore a add HEATFORM

many weeks of vacation pleasure. by Elder James E. Hart, gether with some of his

"lately returned from a stories. Seymour B. Young

mission to Tennessee,"wrote on the Book of entitled, "Among the Mormon and the SpauldMormons without Purse ing manuscript; Orson F.

and Scrip."Elder Hart, Whitney on Gladstone;

impressed with the kindCharles W. Penrose on

ness of people to him during his mission, "The Witch of Endor"and also on had returned to Salt Lake City en route "Ingersoll's Best Argument Ever Adto his home in Bear Lake. He decided vanced against Christianity."Nephi L.

to series Studtake poll of on Bible did a regular Christian Morris a oneman fireplace.Model "A"HEATFORM

of charity his of the Council people. In ies. Antbon among H. Lund own raised inlets at ends ofAir

hearth. For greater heat delivcrisp narrative style he describes how, the Twelve wrote "A Word from The Far

ery, warm air outlet on face. as a supposed minister from Tennessee, East"from Haifa, while each month

he secured offers of board and room Thomas Hull, general secretary of the from B. Y. Hampton of the Hampton YMMIA, produced a chronological digest

House Hotel, a "shave and shingle"of current affairs under the heading, from A. E. Walker at the Temple Bar- "Events of the Month."William H.

ber Shop, a gift of $2.50 from Henry King, member of Congress, wrote a

Dinwoodey, watch repairs from John series of four articles on "Statehood and

Daynes and Son, a $5.00 pair of shoes How It Was Achieved,"together with a

from Col. T. G. Webber at Z.C.M.I., plea for US intervention in Cuba to

and filling for a tooth from a Dr. Gates help Cuban independence in view of

at the dental offices of Dr. Fred Clawson. Spanish failure and misrule—a plea beEvidently the foregoing all passed the ing thundered by William Randolph

test with flying colors. Elder Hart conHearst and others in the land.

Model "S"Heatform fireplace cludes his article with the words, "and Perhaps the most interesting feature, affords view of fire from front so the problem was solved to my satisin retrospect, to be found in volume one and either side. Air inlet and faction, for I had called on some of the is the "Series on Religious Faiths."The

outlet on right same as on left. prominent Latterday Saints of the city, editors of the Era invited each promiHEATFORM has many exclusive advantages. Beand they were not found wanting."nent Utah representative of the various

fore you build or remodel your fireplace, WRITE With this expression of human interchurches "to present its own doctrine for complete FREE technical information by est, of life in Salt Lake City sixty years from its own standpoint and by its own

America's leading authority; also for nearest ago, I was pleased to review further the representatives."Accordingly, a leading

of supply.source ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE. contents of volume one, number one. article in the first issue appeared enEQUAL!HEATFORM HAS NO

Authors represented included four titled, "The Doctrines and Claims of

SUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO. prominent Utah educational leaders: the Roman Catholics,"by the Rt. Rev.

Dept. IE567 Dept. IE562 President James E. Talmage of the UniLawrence Scanlan, Bishop of Salt Lake

Point 601 North E. 15th 1708 St. in subsequent Rd. versity President This Tanner City. was followed of Utah; J. M.

Maryland Baltimore 6,Los Angeles 21, Calif. Episof the Greek, Agricultural College; State treatment issues by of the Utah

California address after 7237-56: President Benjamin Guff, Jr., of the copal, Unitarian, Congregational, Meth4325 Artesia Ave., Fullerton, Calif. Brigham Young Academy at Provo; and (Continued on page 875)

774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Although Western Pacific is neither the oldest nor the largest railroad in the West, it is setting so many significant

operating records... is establishing such unusually high

standards to shippers and the traveling public... that it has

become "the most talkedabout railroad in the West". The most

A few Western Pacific "firsts": the California Zephyr, the

first VistaDome streamliner to the Pacific Coast; the first

RDC Budd car to be placed in regular passenger service; talkedabout

the first Compartmentizer Cars and the first Cushion

Underframe Cars were introduced by WP; and Western

railroad Pacific100% dieselizationwas the firstoftranscontinentalall freight and railroadpassengerto achieveservice!

in the West

ffl/assaasu [?a@a[?a

ROUTE OF THE VISTADOME

H. R. COULAM, Traffic Manager, Intermountain Region, 27 W. South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 1

NOVEMBER 1956 775 THE CHURCH MOVES ON to Day Chronology of Church Events A Day

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the dent William C. Olsen. President

August 1956 Council of the Twelve, dedicated the Anderson was President Olsen's first of the chapel Branch, Hamilton Clifford counselor. Elder CanaMcKinney, M.

j Scores the in annual allChurch n Mission. dian susformerly counselor, second was softball tournament:

existing the BerkeOakland counselor. From as first Elder tained and Arnold Division: losers: Junior Third round

stakes district in ley the East of Y. sustained as Stevens Bay second wasClearfield 3, Second Vineyard 2;

stakes, California, three ValNorthern the counselor.

ley 14, 6. Second View Eugene round

the OaklandBerkeley, Hayward, and losers: Fifth 16, San Diego Sutherland First formally Presidency o o The Creek, the were formed under Walnut

0; Southgate Third 1. Conarchitect's 11, Nampa drawing approved an ""direction B. of Elder the Harold Lee

solation: 11, East Second GarMenan of historic for calls the widening which of the of the Council Elder and Twelve

1.land 8; Third 8, Grant Weston will recongate be Gate. Eagle The B. Assistant to the Brown, Hugh CounSaltChampionship: Lake City Thirtieth that will in structed permit a a way of the Twelve. OaklandThe new

3, Studio City 2; Third Malad Street. State fourlane highway up will 3, CancilBerkeley Stake include the metro-

1. Firstnon

cities, of areas as those politan as well

Division: Senior Third round

districts. losers: the and Richmond Alameda September 1956

1, ThirteenthPalmdale Provo 0; Butler President sustained O. Leslie Stone was

1.2, losers: Wilson Second round that Elders announced was this of as president stake with new Q ItPleasant 14, 2; Pocatello Green Merced David E. Wonnacott, Clarence W. Elders Delbert R. Smith and H. Elmo

0. 2,Twentieth Inglewood Consolation: Keeler, A. Lewis Daniel J. Walin this as counselors. stake Evans, Rock Wards

St. Sixth George 6,. Valley View been Picco Miss Lucy had lace, and 1; San are Oakland, Third, Oakland OakDiego Fifth 3, Salt Lake City Twentyland Fourth, Oakland Fifth, Alameda, named to the general board of the

ninth 2. Championship: Terrace First Claremont, Berkeley, Berkeley Second, Deseret Sunday School Union.

3, Orchard that Mrs. Lorna It was announced East 1; San Antonio 10, Mesa Richmond, and Richmond. The

8.Tenth to had been appointed Broadbent mempresidency of the former Oakland Stake

2r Announcement was made that consisted of President Delbert F. Wright bership on the Primary general board.

w Elder and Mrs. Archibald E. and his counselors, Elders Elmo R.

of the Richard L. Evans Elder P. Milton Smith and Ream. The A of Centerville,Darley been Utah, had "dedicated Council of the Twelve of Berkeley Stake the former at presidencycalled to serve hosts as guides and

the Joseph Smith Home, Palmyra, New were President W. Glenn Harmon and the chapel of the Crystal Heights and

York. his counselors, Elders Emery R. Ranker Crystal Heights Second wards, HighThe Primary Association announced and Delbert H. Rock, Sr. land (Salt Lake City) Stake.

the appointments of Mrs. Myrl WashConstituting the presidency of the Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Asburn Hamilton, Mrs. Beth Snelgrove new Hayward Stake are President Milsistant to the Council of the Twelve,

servicemen's center the dedicated LDS P. ton Elders and his counselors, ReamDavey, Mrs. and Ada S. Van Dam to

California. at Pacific Grove, fiord A. Gi Jackson and Francis D. their board. generalmembership on

Scores and final placements in today's Winkel. This stake will encompass the President S. Dilworth Young of the

allChurch softball tournament: southern and eastern sections of AlaFirst Council of the Seventy dedicated

Junior division: Salt Lake City Thirmeda County. Wards are Oakland the Orem (Utah) Seminary building.

tieth 6, Malad Third (first and secSecond, San Leandro, San Lorenzo, HayPresident David Samuel Brown susond); Cannon First 4, Studio City 3 ward, Hayward Second, Castro Valley, tained as president of Juarez (Mexico)

(third and seventh); Valley View 2, and Centerville; and the Livermore Stake, with Elders Daniel Pi Taylor

Clearfield Second (fourth and eighth); Branch. and Don S. Bowman as counselors. They

San Diego Fifth 8, South Gate 2 (fifth The new Walnut Creek Stake will succeed President Irvin B. Romney and

counselors, his Elders Daniel P. Taylor

10, Secondand northern eastern Weston cover ninth); Menan Alameda and

and Melvin I. Turley. tenth). (consolation8 Contra and sixth, and Costa counties. are Wards

1, division: Senior Pittsburg, TerAntonio Martinez, San Rodeo, Concord, David O. McKay dedi-

1 (firstrace Hill, Pleasant Second, 7, Concord and second); Mesa Tenth Walnut (Alberta, the Calgary Can- -t- "f* catedPresident

; (third seventh) Creek; Palmthe Orinda Branch. andOrchard and center. Stake Presiada)

dale 2, Butler 1 (fourth and eighth) dent Emery R. Ranker was sustained as President Joseph Fielding Smith of

Pocatello Twentieth 8, Pleasant Green president, with Elders Norman B. Creer the Council of the Twelve dedicated the

4 (fifth and ninth); St. George Sixth 9, and Owen J. Cook as counselors. chapel of the Cannon Second and

San Diego Fifth 1 (sixth and consolaPresident Wilburn C West was susFourth wards, Cannon (Salt Lake City) tion, and tenth). tained as president of the Emigration Stake.

(Salt Lake City) Stake, with Elders Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the Coun- n n Elder Harold B. Lee of the CounLesley Brent Goates and Walter M. cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel

""cil of the Twelve dedicated the Home as counselors. They succeed of the Short Hills (New Jersey) Ward,

chapel of the Oakland (California) President Thomas W. Muir and his New York Stake.

Fourth Ward. counselors, Elders Rulon W. Clark Reseda Stake organized from a portion

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the and Rex W. Williams. of San Fernando (California) Stake,

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the President Archibald J. Anderson was with President Hugh C. Smith, formerly

chapel of the Kitchener Branch, Canasustained as president of the North president of San Fernando Stake, as its dian Mission. Sanpete (Utah) Stake, succeeding Presi- (Concluded on page 856)

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Begin YOUR Membership With This

Important New Book

Motherhood-A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD

Compiled by Harold Lundstrom

Here is the book the women of the Church have been waiting for! Perhaps the first in its field, this delightful

and inspirational volume contains instructions and advice to the women by leaders of the Church from the time of the Prophet Joseph Smith down to the present. Treated

under the general divisions of A Word to Mothers (And

Fathers, Too), A Word About Marriage, A Word About Our

Homes, A Word About Church Service, and A Word To The

Wives, 145 excerpts treat all ramifications of these subjects. This book will contribute to the success and happiness

of every wife and mother—in her home and with her

family. $3.50

Vour membership in the LDS Books 'Club will help enable you to

HOW THE CLUB PLAN WORKSIE gospel,increase assistyour youknowledgein buildingof yourthe 1. You join the club by ordering the book testimony, and give you these addi-

''Motherhood—A Partnership With God"or tional advantages:

one of the four alternates described below.

You may order two or more of the books SAVINGS if you desire. Fill out the coupon and mail of about 20% thru a free bonus book plan.

along with your check or money order.

(C.O.D. orders are accepted from U. S. or CONVENIENCE

possessions.) Your selection will be mailed of books delivered to your door*

to immediately. you

2. Each month after you become a memMETHODICAL

ber you will receive in the mail reviews of way of adding to your library.

selected, carefully withseveral books, one LDS BEST BOOKS NEW the month. If you book of thenamed as press. as from the they come

wish to receive the top book you do nothing—it will be sent to you in the mail, postOLDER LDS CLASSICS

paid, along with a statement. If you do such as the alternates below.

return the book, the postnot want you

SELECTION CAREFULcard (or alternate provided choice for an of ALL books recommended.

at all).none

3. After you have purchased four books,

a fifth will be sent you FREE. You select

this bonus book from a long list of choice

Church books which will be provided.

4. You need order only four books during the year, but you may order one ormore each month, if you desire. Books Club

ALTERNATE SELECTIONS FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW Origin andMan... His Destiny, by Joseph

Fielding clear, Smith. authoritative Contains a 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

the of explanationand convincing divine origin LDSGentlemen:BOOKS CLUB,

of man, his purpose here on earth, and the Please enrol me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the current glorious goal toward which he is moving. 563 selection, Motherhood—A Partnership With God, or/and the alternate(s) below. I understand

pages. $4.00 that I will receive a free bonus book with each four selections I buy.

Doctrine and Covenants Commentary by Hyrum NAME

M. Smith and Janne M. Sjodahl. One of the ADDRESS

greatest helps in studying and understanding this sacred book. 902 pages. $4.00 CITY AND STATE

The Temple Letters, by Claude Richards. A new Amount of Check or Money Order enclosed $ Please send C.O.D..

book which clarifies and dramatizes the im- (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

portance of genealogical research and temple Please send Motherhood—A Partnership With God—$3.50

service. 198 pages. $2.75 - ALTERNATES -

Brigham Young, by Olive Burt. New this fall. Please Send:

Written for the young people of the Church, Man... His Origin and Destiny $4.00 The Temple Letters $2.75

this thrilling account of Brigham Young comDoctrine and Covenants Commentary.. $4. 00 I Brigham Young $2.95

bines the elements of adventure and religious inspiration. 192 pages. $2.95 If you do not wish to mutilate this page, send information required on a separate sheet.

NOVEMBER 1956 777 A Thrilling Musical Experience Awaits You...

NEW, INSPIRING MUSIC FOR

OH 12"HIGH FIDELITY LONG PLAYING C#*tf WJUI RECORDS

TheMadrigaloutstandingSingers—

Madrigal group in the U.S. sing such

favorites as In Stiller Nacht, My Bonnie Lass, etc.

$3.95 Vol.A Cappella2. The B.Y.U.Choir—

One of the great musical groups of the Sing 10. Jessie Vol. Smith Evans

Lord, Ye Tocountry. The Soloist with the Tabernacle famed Ballad Brotherof loved Sings Saby hood. Blue Are Choir,cred Songs Hart. by "Mickey"everyone.W.

etc. Eyes, Her That The Missionary, Clean Hath A. He "

$3.95 Hands, Opened, Heavens The Were

They Found Him In The Temple, etc. $3.95

Vol. paniment3, 4,for5—L.D.S.OrganHymns.AccomVol.This 7.albumA Collectionwill be treasuredOf Treasuredby anyoneMormonwhoHymnshas

inspired of ever one been by that is to the answer Here Saints, I Come, Hymns. Ye Come theKnowMormon acor of piano no problem Lives, High, Mountains Ye Redeemer ThatO O My records these Play companist.

etc. $3.95 My Father, player have you and on your

the famous BYU pipe organ to accompany your group on each verse. Vol. 3 & 4 contain many of the best loved

hymns LDS IMPORTANT NOTICE such Theas: Come,Spirit Ye Saints, Come

Thee O Thank We Prophet A OfGodGod,For etc. Israel, 5 These records may be ordered by direct mail (we pay the Vol., Redeemer Of

features music for special ocpostage), or from the Deseret Book Co., the B.Y.U. Book Store,

Christmas Carols, casions: Palocal music and record stores, or through Stake Bookstores Easter, triotic, Thanksgiving,

etc. $3.95 each Vol. (70's Quorums).

Stake Bookstores interested in selling these records, please write Century Distributing Co., 160 West Olive Ave., Burbank,

Calif, for full information. Please enclose a letter from Stake

President stating that the organiiation applying for this franchise is the official bookstore for that Stake or area.

Dance music from the BYU. The Y's own and

favorite dance band play Crazy Rhythm, Reverie, I Speak To The Stars, Over SPECIAL LIMITED OFFER! The Rainbow, 'S Wonderful, etc.

$3.95 7"- 33 1/3 RPM

DEMONSTRATION RECORD SO* CENTURY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY This record contains selections from five of the 160 West Olive Ave., Burbank, Calif. aboveSaints (Vol.long 7),playingOh! Dearalbums:WhatCome,Can theComeMatterYe

(Vol. Blue Are Rhythm Be Gentlemen: Eyes 1)—Crazy(Vol. 2), Carry Her On (Vol.(Vol. 5)6),

for the folorder Enclosed you will encircled records: find check, moneyfor the lowing amount $ are offering this sample We

Ye Saints"by the B.Y.U. A

Name Cappella Choir with the Sym- (Please Print) phony Orchestra alone is

Addressworth far more than this amount. Order yours today.

City. -Zone..State. Our supply is limited.

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Improvement ERA EEPEINT

—Photo by Glen Perrins

God, let this be heaven Oh,I do not ask for golden streets,

Or long for jasper walls, Nor do I sigh for pearly shores

Where twilight never falls;

Just leave me here beside these peaks,

In this rough western land, I love this dear old world of thine

Dear God, you understand.

Oh,I doGod,not letcravethiswhite,be heavenstainless robes;

I'll keep these marked by toil;

Instead of straight and narrow walks

I love trails soft with soil;

I have been healed by crystal streams,

Let This Be Heaven WhereWhichdawnfallburnsfromincensesnowcrownedto the daypeaks

And paints the sky in streaks.

by Harrison R. Merrill1884-1938

let this be heaven God, Dear FORMERLY MANAGING EDITOR wings, for angel not ask I do

Just leave that old peak there

And let me climb till comes the night-

I want no golden stair.

Then, when I say my last adieu

And all farewells are given Just leave my spirit here somewhereFrom The Improvement Era, November 1935. Oh, God, let this be heaven!

NOVEMBER 1956 779 JACK FROST IS THE ARTIST OAK AND LAND SONNET FOR EARLY NOVEMBER

By Ethel R. Peterson By Helen Price Stacy By Helen H. Winn

tall a was and well he knew oak man, in with palette the canyonTV)wn Reluctant days. shortened TThese are and TIe11 the lay the*'brush * dawn, fields hills that neatly furrowed and Of artist of fame, worldwideAn die, to dusk, so quick to arise, and Late a gay made pictures, enchanting painted and rare.Has Morning's them. the light between Shutter fence in squares where Design patchwork is artist's Frost the name.Jack yawn briarstitched a edge

sigh. stifled evening's the almost by of of a yellow, splash dash tight, a rosenot enough to weave butA red, Was high, kindling the to time heap is the NowIs green, with summerBlended thorn hedge

is of gone, sun feeble the For warmth soon cliffs ofAgainst vermilion rugged children his wellmeaning Against who own of sky, graying early, the wash from Too sheen. a golden byEnhanced thought had

frosted chill lawn. the across shadows And life too lonely and widower's had His

Sycamore, maple, and aspen trees brought in colors gay, painted hasHe they will stand in soonBut nakedness Himterdowncloverfrom slopes just green with win- I'llMy needsolitarya pilefire. ofThenlogs toI willthrowlie upon

of pictures skies of gray. the fantasy drawn the watchBeneath And rover. of emptyhanded him an make To

flames, swiftly stroking and wonder why By they or planned, with Jane, two month A their will branches cover with WinterThen is of year this brief time daylight so The out west then and snow; here. are not so you days But long—because Bill Sue, with and time spend some To will bring; Frost jewels brightJack

rest could then he trees winter in whiteSo these adorned fare to his train back Before PEACE they bought AND NOW spring. of the magic awaitWill

townHis fields lay fallow, strewn with stubhled By Blanche Sutherland

ROSES IN SNOW corn and brown.

By Lucia Ward Phillipsen And understandso it was they talked and did not Ance,Stoodlongsureago,throughgreat cliffsearthquakeof rock stress /nly God would ever know The strong deep kinship of an oak tree and and shock;

How to cover a rose with snow. the land. But wind and wave and storm harried

the rest of windThe my garden swept clean. LONE DOVE OF PEACE Billow,them,breaker, and tide carried them trace a be seen,Hardly can of snow

Only the plot where the roses grow By Etta S. Robhins Bit by bit away as will

till rule oceans, fates the that TheHas He lovingly spread with a blanket of dove of peace with olive branch se- T one last, at at play children Humbled snow. *-* cure, castles of today. sand Build of them

crests crystal Breasting the on her mountain

THANKSGIVING AT GRACE way, IN REVERSE tour her continuing descends, low Then Daerr Marie By gray. deserts fruited plains the and Over Merchant Jane

foes reigns deBy tumult Searching and where at this board, gatherI ord, as we ride of well us aware each be May daughter's washing While clothes, my shall course her that no cause fraits that from Thee Determined harvest comeThat "mind stay, share. to to cherish, ours oursAre the once more, Confronts mystery of frothy the brine ocean wide, Skimming

that buttons anything behind Why rule night thoughts flight patience our understanding with pinionedLet Her pinafore. Is called a away. differences melt day; andAnd

May gentleness and truth be guides She seeks a country clothed in liberty,

Of deeds we do and words we say. Where men may toil and sustenance proTHANKSGIVING

vide, our lips, ready song be onLet offer fairer can whatFor praise A placefree, from wanton greed and conflict By Alice G. Harvey

Than hymns of gratitude for all Where brotherhood and tolerance abide. T'hanks for the glory of autumn,

The bounty of these gracious days? Fares there a land where love of right is Thanks for the beauty of spring,

days, hot the wild For might ajar gates souls'keepLord, we may those haze, blue with And the Dove of Peace may safely light? dwell A spot this us in with house mayThat bring. the majesty winter can And

yield, rich year's of theThe Giver

Who is our Host, our Guest, as well. Thanks for the bounty of harvests,

Thanks for the genius of thought,

FIRST SNOWFALL For the cures of disease,

And for nature's release, By Ethel Jacohson And the inventions that many have wrought.

Goft wet flakes for laughter, our freedom and Thanks the air Spangle for to share compassion Thanks

To swirling whiteness With others in need

Everywhere, Of whatever creed,

Blotting out sound, That burdens are easier to bear.

Blotting out sight a small To hushed world AUTUMN'S VALEDICTION white. Of dancing

The pines, the rocks, By Iris W. Schow

The troubled sea Are lost in dappled After the dahlia yields to night's cold

Opacity '* breath, These myriad flecks And crimson leaves grow paper thin in

Which leave the air death, Crisper, purer—Photo by H. Armstrong Roberts When even grasses droop a bit, there comes

For falling there. Marine Memorial The laststand valiance of chrysanthemums.

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Y

m

The Mission of the Church and Its Members

by President David O. McKay

at this moment each one of you were asked attainment. The gospel is a rational philosophy

If to state in one sentence or phrase the most that teaches men how to get happiness in this life distinguishing feature of the Church of Jesus and exaltation in the life to come.

Christ of Latterday Saints, what would be. your Today in the midst of the world's perplexity,

answer? Mine would be this: there should be no question in the mind of any

"Divine authority by direct revelation."true Latterday Saint as to what his mission is.

There are those who claim authority through The answer is as clear as the noonday sun in a historical descent, others from the scriptures, but cloudless sky.

this Church stands out as making the distinctive In the year 1830 there was given to the people claim that the authority of the priesthood has of this land and of the world a divine plan wherecome directly from God the Father and the Son, by individuals can find security and peace of by revelation to Joseph Smith. mind and live in harmonious accord with their

Founded upon that principle, accepting it as fellow beings. In all men's theories and experiabsolute gospel, we have clearly defined in our ments since history began, human intelligence

minds some fundamental principles: has never devised a system which, when applied

First, that God is a Personal Being; that he has to the needs of humanity, can even approach this

a SpiritPersonality. plan in effectiveness.

The acceptance of divine authority by direct In simple words, this is the word which we revelation also reveals to us the fact that Jesus should preach and live—the gospel plan of salvaChrist is the Only Begotten Son in the flesh, for tion.

the Father appearing to Joseph Smith stated in First: Preach and live, in season and out of

definite words, "This is My Beloved Son. Hear season, belief in God the Eternal Father, in his

Him!"(P. of G. P., Joseph Smith 2:17.) Son Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost.

Correlated with that revelation is another Second: Proclaim that fundamental in this

fundamental fact, that the Lord is interested in gospel plan is the sacredness of the individual, his people, that the whole human family is rethat God's work and glory is "to bring to pass lated as his children, and he loves them, and the immortality and eternal life of man."(Moses

that he has authorized men to officiate among 1:39.)

the children of the world to bring them back into Under this concept, it is a great imposition, if his presence. not indeed a crime, for any government or any

The Father and the Son appeared to Joseph other organization to deny a man the right to

Smith and restored authority to establish the kingspeak, to worship, and to work.

dom of God on earth. Third: Preach and live the belief that governThe glorious mission of the Church is to proments were instituted of God for the benefit of

claim the truth of the restored gospel; to uplift man. Man was not born for the benefit of the

society that people may mingle more amicably state. Preach that "... no government can exist

with one another; to create in our communities a in peace,"and I quote from the Doctrine and

wholesome environment in which our children Covenants, "except such laws are framed and may find strength to resist temptation, and enheld inviolate as will secure to each individual the couragement to strive for cultural and spiritual {Concluded on following page)

NOVEMBER 1956 Page, 781 5Editors messengers bestowed upon the Prophet Joseph Smith and The Editor's Page others associated with him divine authority.

(Concluded from preceding page) Sixth: Preach and live that the responsibility of defree exercise of conscience, the right and control of claring this plan of life, this way of life, this plan of

property, and the protection of life."(D & C 134:2.) salvation, rests upon the entire membership of the

Fourth: Preach and live the sacredness of family ties Church but most particularly upon those who have been

the perpetuation of the family as the cornerstone of ordained to the priesthood and who have been cabled as society. leaders and servants of the people.

Fifth: Proclaim that God's Beloved Son, the ReGod bless the Church. It is worldwide. Its infludeemer and Savior of mankind, stands at the head of ence should be felt by all nations. May divine guidance

his Church that bears his name—that he guides and be given bearers of the priesthood who hold the responsiinspires those who are authorized to represent him here bility of declaring to the world the restoration of the

on earth—authorized by the priesthood when heavenly gospel of Jesus Christ.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Sons of God and the Daughters of Men

"Will you kindly explain the meaning of "And Noah and his sons hearkened unto the Lord,

Question: the first two verses of Genesis, chapter six? and gave heed, and they were called the sons of God.

There seems to be a difference of interpretation in our "And when these men began to multiply on the face priesthood quorum, and none seems really to compreof the earth, and daughters were born unto them, the hend the meaning."sons of men saw that those daughters were fair, and they

The verses in question are as follows: took them wives, even as they chose.

"And it came to pass, when men began to multiply "And the Lord said unto Noah: The daughters of thy

on the face of the earth, and daughters were born unto sons have sold themselves; for behold mine anger is

them, kindled against the sons of men, for they will not hearken "That the sons of God saw the daughters of men that to my voice.

they were fair; and they took them wives of all which "And it came to pass that Noah prophesied, and

they chose."taught the things of God, even as it was in the beginnmg "i

11P|'S.;:111m1 The verses following this quotation indiBecause the daughters of Noah married the sons of

cate thai this manner of marriage was men contrary to the teachings of the Lord, his anger was offensive in the sight of God, and therefore he reduced kindled, and this offense was one cause that brought the age of man upon the earth. There is a prevailing to pass the universal flood. You will see that the condoctrine in the Christian world that these sons of God dition appears reversed in the book of Moses. It was

were heavenly beings who came down and married the the daughters of the sons of God who were marrying daughters of men and thus came a superior race on the the sons of men, which was displeasing unto the Lord.

earth, the result bringing the displeasure of the Lord. The fact was, as we see it revealed, that the daughters

This foolish notion is the result of lack of proper informawho had been born, evidently under the covenant, and tion, and because the correct information is not found were the daughters of the sons of God, that is to say in the book of Genesis Christian peoples have been led of those who held the priesthood, were transgressing the astray. commandment of the Lord and were marrying out of

The correct information regarding these unions is the Church. Thus they were cutting themselves off from

revealed in the inspired interpretation given to the the blessings of the priesthood contrary to the teachings

Prophet Joseph Smith in the book of Moses. Without of Noah and the will of God.

doubt when this scripture was first written, it was perThe Lord has revealed to us in this dispensation that fectly clear, but scribes and translators in the course of those who obey his will, will be called the sons of God.

time, not having divine inspiration, changed the meanIn the days of Adam the Lord decreed that this should ing to conform to their incorrect understanding. These be the case:

verses in the Prophet's revision give us a correct mean- "And he [Adam] heard a voice out of heaven, saying:

ing, and from them we learn why the Lord was angry Thou art baptized with fire, and with the Holy Ghost.

with the people and decreed to shorten the span of life This is the record of the Father, and the Son, from henceand to bring upon the world the flood of purification. forth and forever; (Concluded on page 879)

The verses referring to this bit of history are as follows: iMoses 8:1316.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President David O. McKay President George Albert Smith President Heber J. Grant President Joseph F. Smith

EDITOR 1951 TO PRESENT EDITOR 1945 TO 1951 EDITOR 1918 TO 1945 EDITOR 1897 TO 1918

The Improvement Era Begins

60th Year of Publication

ITH THIS ISSUE THE 1MPROVEserved as editors. Today this repearance and improve the readability

: ment Era begins its sixtieth sponsibility is in the hands of Presiof the magazine. The page size was

year of publication. For nine years dent David O. McKay, and Richard increased in 1929 when the Era was

more than half a century the "Voice L. Evans of the Council of the combined with the Young Woman's

of the Church"has been providing Twelve. Journal. Color, both inside and on

informational, entertaining, and inThe Era's growth in circulation the cover, has been added.

spirational reading, while carrying the has been gratifying. The first issue But the purpose and the message

message of the restored gospel to declared the magazine had no capital of the -magazine have not changed.

Church members and friends throughstock except "confidence in the loyalty Many of the articles and stories are out the world. and unselfish devotion of the young as vital today as they were when

Great, inspired men have guided men of the Church."At the close published earlier. The editors have

the destiny of the Era. Joseph F. of the first year the editors revealed, decided therefore to share with you

Smith, who became President of the "We started at first, and with some some of the past treasures in this and

Church, and B. H. Roberts of the misgivings, to publish a five thousand subsequent issues.

First Council of the Seventy, were the edition. We increased the issue to We trust that this issue, featuring

first editors. Heber J. Grant, later seven thousand, and had to reprint pictures and stories on Church orPresident of the Church, was the first the first three numbers."ganization, will prove valuable.

business manager. The serviceability of the Era has Doyle L. Green,

President Grant, President George grown along with its circulation. ImManaging Editor

Albert Smith, and John A. Widtsoe provements in publishing have been Marba C. Josephson,

of the Council of the Twelve have adopted in order to enhance the apAssociate Managing Editor

Elder Brigham H. Roberts Elder John A. Widtsoe Elder Richard L. Evans

EDITOR 1897 TO 1899 EDITOR 1935 TO 1952 EDITOR 1950 TO PRESENT

NOVEMBER 1956 783 President David O. McKay

The First Presidency of the Church of Jesus

By Marba C Josephson ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

ittle did the young lad, Joseph Smith, realize when of man. He felt the imperative urgency to see that the

he read the stirring verse in James—and acted on it gospel message reach the entire world. To him this asthat he would be the instrument of reestablishing an signment had come directly through revelation not long

organization of everlasting significance. He was later to after the organization of the Church:

write, "We believe in the same organization that existed "Hearken, O ye people of my church, saith the voice in the Primitive Church, viz., apostles, prophets, pastors, of him who dwells on high, and whose eyes are upon

teachers, evangelists, etc."(Sixth Article of Faith.) The all men; yea, verily I say: Hearken ye people from afar;

Prophet Joseph Smith knew that the organization was and ye that are upon the islands of the sea, listen toeternally planned, but that he had the great responsigether.

bility of perfecting it in the latter days. "For verily the voice of the Lord is unto all men, and

As prophet, seer, and revelator, he became the recipient there is none to escape; and there is no eye that shall

of the direct teaching from divine beings who restored not see, neither ear that shall not hear, neither heart the priesthood and the ordinances of the gospel. But that shall not be penetrated."(D & C 1:1-2.)

the burden of organization must have lain heavily upon It was the Prophet's responsibility to see that this the Prophet's shoulders. True, he had the inspiration of message reach the far corners of the earth. The Prophet

the Lord, but he also had to combat the human frailties had been given the keys of the kingdom prior to this 784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

Christ of Latterday Saints

time since he and Oliver Cowdery had received the appears, "... Elder Rigdon expressed a desire that himAaronic and the Melchizedek priesthoods at the hand self and Brother Frederick G. Williams should be orof John the Baptist, and Peter, James, and John. The dained to the offices to which they had been called, viz.,

Church also had been organized, April 6, 1830. those of Presidents of the High Priesthood, and to be

In June 1829 the Prophet, Oliver Cowdery, and David equal in holding the keys of the kingdom with Brother

Whitmer were also given a revelation concerning the Joseph Smith, Jun., according to the revelation given

calling of the Council of the Twelve Apostles. (D & C on the 8th of March, 1833. Accordingly I laid my hands

18.) That the organization of the priesthood was early on Brothers Sidney and Frederick, and ordained them

perfected is clearly demonstrated in the Doctrine and to take part with me in holding the keys of this last

Covenants wherein the order of baptism and the duty kingdom, and to assist in the Presidency of the High of "... elders, priests, teachers, deacons, and members Priesthood, as my Counselors;..."(History of the

of the church of Christ..."are mentioned. (D & C Church, Vol. 1, p. 334.)

20:38.) In this excerpt as well as in sections of the Doctrine

In March 1833 Sidney Rigdon was ordained and set and Covenants the calling of the First Presidency is apart as First Counselor to Joseph Smith. In the History made clear. In section 68, for instance, the calling

of the Church under date of March 18, 1833, this note (Continued on page 866)

NOVEMBER 1956 785 Joseph Fielding Smith Harold B. Lee Spencer W. Kimball

Delbert Leon Stapley Marion G. Romney LeGrand Richards

The Twelve Apostles

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

arly in his ministry Jesus chose twelve men and Simon was colored, but this is not the case. He was

ordained them apostles and gave them authority called a Canaanite because he was from Cana in Galito preach his gospel and administer in all the ordinances lee. 2 Each of the apostles was an Israelite, likely reprepertaining to the gospel. They were: "Simon, who is senting one of the tribes. In their callings as apostles

called Peter, and Andrew his brother; James the son of they became special witnesses of the divine mission of

Zebedee, and John his brother; Jesus Christ and were his advocates to every nation,

"Philip, and Bartholomew; Thomas, and Matthew the kindred, tongue, and people. It was the plan of the

publican; James the son of Alphaeus, and Lebbaeus, Lord that this chosen body of witnesses should be perwhose surname was Thaddaeus; petuated through all time, holding the keys of divine

"Simon the Canaanite, and Judas Iscariot, who also authority, with power to build up the Church with all betrayed him."1 It has been thought by some that Scott's Commentary. Clark in his Commentary says: the word is from the

Hebrew, Kana which signifies zealous, "probably, from his great fervency in iMatt. 10:2-4. preaching."

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ezra Taft Benson Mark E. Petersen Henry D. Moyle

Adam S. Bennion Richard L. Evans George Q. Morris

the gifts and blessings for the salvation of the truly (branches) worthy of his attention, and each of these repentant in all parts of the world.:i This quorum was was severely rebuked."Moreover, in many of the epistles

continued for a time, and other apostles were ordained written to the members of the church scattered abroad, when vacancies occurred. 4 Early in the first century, the warning voice of the apostles was raised calling

even while some of the original apostles were still living, them to repentance and pointing out the time when dissension commenced to enter into the branches of the spiritual darkness would set in and the priesthood would

Church. When Paul took leave of the elders of Ephesus have to be taken back to God and the Church driven

to return to Jerusalem, he said to them: into the wilderness. 7 In time all ordinances of the gospel

"Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the were changed, commandments were broken, and the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you simple principles of the gospel were mixed with pagan overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath philosophy by the "grievous wolves"and apostate purchased with his own blood. disciples who displaced the prophets and apostles who

"For I know this, that after my departing shall grievous had divine communion with the heavens. Spiritual darkwolves enter in among you, not sparing the flock. ness set in, and unrighteous men took command and

"Also of your own selves shall men arise, speaking perverse things, to draw away disciples after them."5 closed the heavens against themselves. Visions and conSo bad was this dissension by the end of the first tact with the heavens ceased, and the gifts of the spirit

century that the Lord could find only seven churches came to an end. The blessings and presence of the

(Concluded on following page) s l Cor. 12:28; Eph. 4:1116.

"Acts 1:2326; 14:14; Gal. 1:1. "Rev. chapters 2, 3.

5Acts 20:2830. "'Ibid., chapter 12.

NOVEMBER 1956 787 power at the same time. If that were the case, there

The Twelve Apostles could be no head. The interpretation of these state-

(Concluded from preceding page) ments is that the twelve apostles hold all the authority twelve apostles ceased, and the cry went forth that they and power that is vested in the First Presidency, but were no longer needed. it cannot be exercised as long as the First Presidency

This condition wasnot to continue forever, for the is intact. On the death of the President of the Church,

Lord had promised that in the last days he would pour the First Presidency is dissolved, and then the Council out his Spirit, and there would come a restoration of of the Twelve Apostles exercises all the authority that all things, as predicted holy the since prophets by all until this continues and vested in the Presidency, was the of world began. 8 In the time the due the Lord the again becomes is organized and Presidency the First

Church of Jesus Christ was again established by the presiding council in the Church. If the time should ever

opening of the heavens. The Holy Priesthood was recome, which is improbable, when both the First Presistored by heavenly messengers, and the gifts and blessdency and the entire quorum of the apostles should be

ings of the gospel were once more found on the earth. destroyed, then, and only then, would The First Council

In addition, the Lord again gave to the Church his of the Seventy have the power and authority mentioned special witnesses, the First Presidency holding the keys of in the revelation. In no other way are these three counpower over the Church and exercising the authority cils equal in authority, and the First Presidency holds

which had been bestowed on Peter, James, and John the keys of authority while the President of the Church in former times. The twelve apostles were also called is living.

to act under the direction of the First Presidency, holdTo reject the counsels and testimonies of those men ing the keys to unlock the doors for the establishing of chosen to carry the message of salvation to the world the gospel and the Church in all the world. In defining or others sent under their direction—would bring down

the labors of the Twelve in this, the last dispensation upon the heads of all who do so the judgments of the of the gospel, the Lord has said they labor under the Son of God. The twelve have been sent by divine

direction of the First Presidency in the following words: commandment to the peoples of the world to open the

"Of necessity there are presidents, or presiding officers doors of all nations for the preaching of the gospel and growing out of, or appointed of or from among those the establishment of the work of the Lord among "every who are ordained to the several offices in these two nation, kindred, tongue, and people."This appointment,

priesthoods. like that given to Peter and his associates, is a divine

"Of the Melchizedek Priesthood, three Presiding High commandment renewed in this the last dispensation. In

Priests, chosen by the body, appointed and ordained to the very beginning of the restoration of the gospel, the that office, and upheld by the confidence, faith, and Lord gave this instruction and warning:

prayer of the church, form a quorum of the Presidency "And verily I say unto you, that they who go forth, of the Church. bearing these tidings unto the inhabitants of the earth,

"The twelve traveling councilors are called to be the to them is power given to seal both on earth and in

Twelve Apostles, or special witnesses of the name of heaven, the unbelieving and rebellious;

Christ in all the world—thus differing from other officers "Yea, verily, to seal them up into the day when the

in the church in the duties of their calling. wrath of God shall be poured out upon the wicked

"And they form a quorum, equal in authority and without measure power to the three presidents previously mentioned.

"Unto the day when the Lord shall come to recompense "The Seventy are also called to preach the gospel, and to be especial witnesses unto the Gentiles and in all unto every man according to his work, and measure to to every according the measure which he has man differingthe other officers in the from world—thus to his fellow measured man.

calling. of their in the dutieschurch

"And they form a quorum, equal in authority to "Wherefore the voice of the Lord is unto the ends that of the Twelve special witnesses or Apostles just of the earth, that all that will hear may hear:

named. * * * "Prepare ye, prepare ye for that which is to come,

"The Twelve are a Traveling Presiding High Council, for the Lord is nigh;

to officiate in the name of the Lord, under the direction "And the anger of the Lord is kindled, and his sword of the Presidency of the Church, agreeable to the instituis bathed in heaven, and it shall fall upon the inhabitants tion of heaven; to build up the church, and regulate of the earth.

all all in nations, the affairs first unto the of the same of shall revealed; the be and the Lord the arm "And

* * * theGentiles unto and secondly Jews. will of that they not the voice cometh hear day who

"The Twelve being sent out, holding the keys, to the Lord, neither the voice of his servants, neither give open the door by the proclamation of the gospel of Jesus heed to the words of the prophets and apostles, shall

Christ, and first unto the Gentiles and then unto the be cut off from among the people;

Jews.""For they have strayed from mine ordinances, and

There has been a slight misunderstanding on the part have broken mine everlasting covenant;

of some because of the statement that the twelve are equal in authority and power to the three members of the "They seek not the Lord to establish his righteousness,

First Presidency. The fact that it is also stated that but every man walketh in his own way, and after the

is in the likeness of the seventies hold equal authority has also caused some image of his own God, whose image misunderstanding. It is impossible, of course, for two, the world, and whose substance is that of an idol, which

old perish in Babylon, even Babylon and shallmuch less three, councils, to have equal authority and waxeth fall."10 shall the great, which

8Acts 3:1921; Joel 2:2832.

D & C 107:2126, 33, 35. 10lbid., 1:8-16.

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WUWWWWUWWWHWHVUUHWVUUUWW

The Patriarchal

Priesthood

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE

|*ww%%w*vwv%*w*%%**ww%%*w**v***%*%*%w%%%v**w%wv*%wv%*\*%*v*w*

Eldred G. Smith

Jfter the organization of the Council of the Twelve the promise of God by his father, that his posterity

Apostles in Kirtland in 1835, the members of that should be the chosen of the Lord, and that they should council were called to go into the mission field. be preserved unto the end of the earth;

March 28th of that year they came to the Prophet seeking "Because he [Seth] was a perfect man, and his like- a revelation in relation to their duties that they might ness was the express likeness of his father, insomuch understand more perfectly what the Lord required at that he seemed to be like unto his father in all things, and their hands. In answer to this request, the great revelacould be distinguished from him only by his age."1

tion on priesthood (D & C 107) was received. In this In the following verses are named the other patriarchs

revelation certain knowledge was revealed concerning from Seth to Noah, with the ages of each when ordained.

the Patriarchal Priesthood and its descent from the beIn Genesis we find the descent continued as follows:

ginning of time. Regarding this priesthood the Lord Shem, Arphaxad, Salah, Eber, Peleg, Reu, Serug, Nahor,

said: Terah, Abraham. (Gen. 11:1026.) The father of Abra-

"It is the duty of the Twelve, in all large branches of ham from what we learn in the book of Abraham, turned the church, to ordain evangelical ministers, as they shall to the worship of idols; therefore he either lost his priestbe designated unto them by revelation hood or it passed him by; nevertheless the descent came

"The order of this priesthood was confirmed to be through him to Abraham. From Abraham the birthhanded down from father to son, and rightly belongs to right went to Isaac and from him to Jacob, who was

the literal descendants of the chosen seed, to whom the named Israel. From Israel it went to Joseph, the firstpromises were made. born son of Rachel. The reason for this birthright not

"This order was instituted in the days of Adam, and going to Israel's oldest son or to any of Joseph's older came down by lineage in the following manner: brothers was evidently because each had forfeited it by

"From Adam to Seth, who was ordained by Adam at transgression. Therefore the birthright and the Patrithe age of sixtynine years, and was blessed by him archal Priesthood continued through the seed of Joseph.

three years previous to his [Adam's] death, and received JD & C 107:3943. {Continued on page 852)

PATRIARCHS TO THE CHURCH

1. Joseph Smith, Sr. Born July 12, 1771, at Topsfield, Mass., ordained

December 18, 1883, under the hands of Joseph Smith, Jr., Oliver Cowdery,

Sidney Rigdon, and Frederick G. Williams; died September 14, 1840, at

Nauvoo, Illinois.

2. Hyrum Smith. Born February 9, 1800 at Tunbridge, Vermont, ordained January 24, 1841 by Joseph Smith, Jr.; died a martyr June 27, 1844, at

Carthage Jail, Illinois.

4. John Smith. Born September 22, 1832, at Kirtland, Ohio, ordained

February 18, 1855; died November 6, 1911, at Salt Lake City.

5. Hyrum G. Smith. Born July 8, 1879 at South Jordan, Utah, ordained

May 9, 1912; died February 4, 1932 at Salt Lake City.

6. Joseph F. Smith. Born January 30, 1899 at Salt Lake City, ordained

October 8, 1942; released October 6, 1946 because of ill health.

7. Eldred Gee Smith. Born Tanuary 9, 1907 at Lehi, Utah, ordained

April 10, 1947.

*%*vvvvvv*vv*vv*%*vvv*vv*vvv*v*vv*v**%\%v*****%vv%vv*vvv*vvvvv%*v%vv%*w

NOVEMBER 1956 789 Thomas E. McKay Clifford E. Young Alma Sonne

o be an high priest is a signal honor, and to be There will be no fixed number of these Assistants. Their numchosen an high priest with a special calling is a rare ber will be increased or otherwise from time to time as the necessity

of carrying on the Lord's work seems to dictate to be wise.

privilege, and to be set apart as such by the prophet of God to such a specific work is glorious. In the feeling of the writer, this above declaration could

Such is the Assistant to the Twelve Apostles of the well be prefaced with the much used phrase of yesteryear:

Lamb. He, like his Savior, is "... called of God an high "Thus saith the Lord."It is revelation in the same

priest after the order of Melchisedec..."(Heb. 5:10), category as the following statements:

and he holds the highest priesthood known to man.

Again, like the Redeemer, he is "... made like unto his... three Presiding High Priests... form a quorum of the

brethren, that he might be a merciful and faithful high Presidency of the Church. (D & C 107:22.)

priest."(Ibid., 2:17.) and

traveling twelve councilors are called to be the Twelve The

The Assistant to the Twelve is "... taken from among... Apostles. (Ibid., 107:23.)

men, is ordained for men in things pertaining to God... and

[to have] compassion on the ignorant, and on them The Seventy are also called to preach the gospel, and to be that are out of the way; for that he himself also is comespecial witnesses unto the Gentiles and in all the world—...

passed with infirmity."(Ibid., 5:1-2.) (Ibid., 107:25.) and

in are to act Seventy of the Lord, under the direcof the name calling Assistants The the is of recent The date—within

... of (Ibid., 107:34.) the Twelve. of of lifetime us. In April 1941 thethe following tion most

pronouncement came from the First Presidency and the

Twelve: And now in 1941 comes this:

In the past history of the Church, especially in President Brigham... Assistants to the Twelve, who shall be high priests, who

Young's time, it was found necessary for the First Presidency or shall be set apart to act under the direction of the Twelve in the

The Twelve or both to call brethren, frequently designated as performance of such work as the First Presidency and the Twelve counselors, to help carry on their assigned work in the Church. may place upon them.

The rapid growth of the Church in recent times, the constantly The revelation of 1835 on priesthood gives us this:

increasing establishment of new wards and stakes, the ever widenstakes, steadily theing covered geographical area wards by and for necessity inpressing increasing missions our numbers and all theIt isotherthe dutyofficersof ofthetheTwelve,Church.also,...to (Dordain& C and107:58.)set in order

all toefficiency brought that the the conGospel men, be may tinual multiplying of Church interests and activities calling for more rigid and frequent observation, supervision and direction So it now becomes the privilege of the Assistants, under all have built up an apostolic service of the greatest magnitude. direction of the Council of the Twelve, as indicated, to

The First Presidency and Twelve feel that to meet adequately perform many of the functions of that quorum. They are

their great responsibilities and to carry on efficiently this service set apart usually by the prophet of the Lord. They are

for the Lord, they should have some help. assigned to hold stake conferences, to tour missions, and

Accordingly it has been decided to appoint Assistants to the to ordain and set apart most officers of the Church. They

priests, shall to high shall beTwelve, be set apart who who act have the sealing power to perform temple marriages by of direction the of in theunder the such performance Twelve work as the First Presidency and the Twelve may place upon special authority from the Prophet. They may serve

them. on committees, assist the twelve in organizing and divid790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Assistants to the Council

of the Twelve Apostles

by Spencer W. Kimball

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

EIRay L. Christiansen

John Longden Hugh B. Brown Sterling W. Sill

ing missions and stakes, and, in general, to set in order Apostles belong to their own quorums, the Quorum of the affairs of the Lord's Church as they are directed. the First Presidency and the Quorum of the Twelve.

Eleven great and good men have served and are servAssistants are not junior nor alternate Apostles and do ing as Assistants. Five men were called and sustained not succeed to apostleship nor to the Council of the

on April 6, 1941, as the first in our generation to serve Twelve when vacancies come in that body. However,

in this capacity. They were: Elders Marion G. Romney, on two occasions Assistants have been called to that

Thomas E. McKay, Clifford E. Young, Alma Sonne, and council: Elder Marion G. Romney on October 6, 1951,

Nicholas G. Smith. Others in the order of their call and Elder George Q. Morris on April 6, 1954. Two

were George Q. Morris, Stayner Richards, EIRay L. have died in office: Elder Nicholas G. Smith, who died

Christiansen, and John Longden, who were added on October 27, 1945, and Elder Stayner Richards, who passed

October 6, 1951. Elder Hugh B. Brown was sustained away May 28, 1953. The present number is seven, and

October 4, 1953, and Elder Sterling W. Sill was sustained the following men are now serving as Assistants: Elders

April 6, 1954. Seven men still are serving as Assistants. Thomas E. McKay, Clifford E. Young, Alma Sonne, EIRay

They are always sustained in the order of their call to L. Christiansen, 'John Longden, Hugh B. Brown, and

service but have no special quorum or council organizaSterling W. Sill.

tion. They belong to the high priests'quorum of their God bless the able, loyal, and efficient men who have

respective stakes, whereas the Apostles do not. The been called to this high calling!

NOVEMBER 1956 791 The Seventy and

The First Council

by Antoine R. Ivins

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Levi Edgar Young PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL

OF THE SEVENTY

n the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints It was but a short time after the organization of the the First Council of the Seventy constitute a body Quorum of the Twelve Apostles that the Prophet called of specially selected men with a very definite major seventy men to be ordained and also to form the First purpose. They are appointed and ordained to aid the Council of the Seventy. An organization very different

Quorum of Twelve Apostles in delivering the message from that which existed in the other quorums of the of the restored gospel to the world. In the Doctrine and priesthood was given the seventies, for, instead of a

Covenants we read: president with two counselors, they were given seven

"The seventy are to act in the name of the Lord, under presidents, each with the powers of presidency.

the direction of the Twelve or the traveling high council, From their initial organization until the martyrdom in building up the church and regulating all the affairs of the Prophet there was at any one time but one set of of the same in all nations, first unto the Gentiles and presidents for all the seventies, who numbered then about then to the Jews."(D & C 107:34.) three hundred sixty or more members, in four quorums.

From what we read in the New Testament and modAn interesting thing, also, is that the first quorum was ern revelation, we feel justified in the thought that our always kept complete, that is, it always had seventy present organization may be a replica of that which members. If a member was taken out of the first quothe Savior set up during his ministry in Palestine. We rum for any reason, his successor came from the second

read in Luke the following: quorum, and this vacancy was filled from the third

"After these things the Lord appointed other seventy quorum:

also, and sent them two and two before his face into After the death of the Prophet a change was made every city and place, whither he himself would come. * * * in the organization. The number of seventies was greatly

"And the seventy returned again with joy, saying, increased, and the members of the first quorum became

Lord, even the devils are subject unto us through thy the presidents of the quorums from the second to the name."(Luke 10:1, 17.) tenth. The first seven presidents remained the directing

We do not learn from the scriptures of that day just head of all the seventies, but the members of the first how the seventies were organized, but we do learn that quorum were now heading the other quorums in groups their purpose was the same as it is today, namely, to of seven. Theoretically they were still considered as the

preach the gospel to the world. first quorum, but as they became scattered or died, their

The Church was within a few months of being five places were not filled and have not been up to the presyears old when the Prophet Joseph Smith, Jr., was inent time.

spired to organize both the twelve and the seventy. The The number of seventies has increased until we now

Saints were already more or less familiar with the duties have around twenty thousand men in the various quoof the elders and high priests, but they had never experirums, constituting a veritable army of special witnesses enced the leadership of the twelve nor seen the seventies to the restoration of the gospel.

in action. While the seventies are especially selected and orWhile the Saints did not realize it, the Lord saw fit dained as "witnesses,"they are not now under constant

to prove many of them in the great journey called Zion's call for active field work as missionaries. Since they hold

Camp. Out of the trying circumstances which were the Melchizedek Priesthood, they may be used by stake

experienced in that journey there emerged a band of and ward authority for many of the other functions of great leaders, and from them were selected the men who the priesthood.

were called into the Quorum of the Twelve and those It should be definitely understood, however, that the who made up the First Quorum of the Seventy. primary obligation of every seventy in the Church is

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Antoine R. Ivins Oscar A. Kirkham S. Dilworth Young

Milton R. Hunter Bruce R. McConkie Marion D. Hanks

to be ready for missionary service if and when the having seven presidents, have a chairman and two counChurch has need of his particular type of service. selors. When sufficient strength develops, the unit is

In the beginning the quorums of seventy were organorganized into a quorum. No unit is ever organized in

ized without regard to ward or stake boundaries, and any stake which already has sufficient seventies to make their management and direction was the exclusive re- a quorum. That means there can never be a quorum and

sponsibility of the First Council, always under the direc- a unit in any one stake.

tion of the twelve. Bishops had no control over these Over the years many of our seventies have, for various

men in a quorum capacity and neither did stake presireasons, moved into the mission fields of the Church dents. Of course each had a direction over them as where there was no organization to take care of them in

individual members of the ward and stake. Not many a quorum capacity. The need of keeping in contact with

years ago it was decided to ask the presidents of the them has resulted in a recent ruling that when there stakes to aid in the direction of these quorums, but bishmight be enough seventies in a mission area, they can ops have no jurisdiction over this group or any of the be organized into a quorum or a "unit,"as explained

Melchizedek Priesthood quorums, as such. above. This, however, must be done only with the perUntil recently no organization of the seventy could be mission of the President of the Church.

made within a stake unless there were enough seventies It is now felt that there has never been, in the history to make a majority of a quorum. Now, by change of of the Church, a time when we have been able to mainrule, made by proper authority, we organize seventies'tain better contact with the members of the Quorum of

"units"in stakes where there are not enough seventies to the Seventy than at the present time and that we have meet this majority requirement. These units, instead of never had more devoted and able seventies in the Church.

NOVEMBER 1956 793 Thorpe B. Isaacson Carl W. Buehner

SECOND COUNSELOR FIRST COUNSELOR

Joseph L. Wirthlin

PRESIDING BISHOP

History and Functions of the Presiding Bishopric

by Joseph L. Wirthlin

PRESIDING BISHOP

Ihree men sit in earnest council together. The dethe temporal affairs of the Church. John the Baptist

cisions they make will be far reaching and will affect in restoring the Aaronic Priesthood said that it

J the lives and activities of many people. The serious-... holds the keys of the ministering of angels, and of the gospel

ness of that which is under consideration is reflected of repentance, and of baptism by immersion for the remission upon their faces. of sins;... (D & C 13.)

Today as on previous days they have knelt together Its activities have had to do with the ministering of the in humble prayer. They rely upon the Lord for guidoutward ordinances of the gospel. The Presiding Bishopance and are confident that he will temper their judgric are responsible for the organization, promotion, aid

ment and inspire them to make wise decisions and proper administration of the Aaronic Priesthood program. From

solutions for the problems at hand. They realize the the installation of the first Presiding Bishop until the

responsibilities that the Lord has placed upon them to present time, those who have been called to the Presiddirect the spiritual and service activities of more than a ing Bishopric have been concerned with the material hundred and fifty thousand of his sons who hold the interests of the Church and its members. They have

Aaronic Priesthood. They are concerned, too, by virtue administered the law of consecration; received, disof their divine calling, for the temporal welfare of all tributed, and accounted for the contributions and tithes

the Church. They are the Presiding Bishopric of the of the people; looked after the poor; comforted the weary;

Church. admonished and exhorted to good works those who falThe responsibilities of the Presiding Bishopric are tered; provided and maintained adequate places of wormanifold and varied. Their position is both executive ship; and accounted for the records of membership,

and judicial in nature. They are called and ordained activity, and advancement of all members of the Church.

to this office by the First Presidency, under whose direct The Presiding Bishopric accomplish their objectives supervision they serve. through promoting Sacrament meeting attendance, adThe executive activities of the Presiding Bishopric ministering a ward teaching program, and through directcan partially be understood by analyzing the power, auing the many and diversified Aaronic Priesthood activities.

thority, and commission given to the Aaronic PriestIn addition to the administrative responsibilities, the hood over which they are the presidency. office of the Presiding Bishopric has a judicial capacity.

The lesser priesthood is an appendage to the higher Soon after the Lord appointed Edward Partridge Bishop or Melchizedek Priesthood and ministers primarily in {Concluded on page 830) 794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church

Historian's Office

by A. William Lund

Joseph Fielding Smith A. William Lund

CHURCH HISTORIAN ASS'T. CHURCH HISTORIAN

ONwasthe organizedfirst day athatrevelationthe Churchwas officeMany andmeetingsfor thewereHistorian'salso heldOffice.here. instructedto build a BishopfireproofAlonzovault inH. theRaleighHisgiven to Joseph Smith, the Elder Richards was the official camp torian's Office building. Many of

Prophet, in which the Lord comhistorian of the pioneer band in which the books and documents were placed manded that a record should be kept he traveled from Winter Quarters to in this vault, but it was soon disby the Church. Accordingly, Oliver the Salt Lake Valley. covered that the vault was damp, and

Cowdery was chosen the first Church In 1854, Elder George A. Smith was the contents were immediately rerecorder, and a history of the Church sustained as Church Historian and moved.

was commenced. Soon, however, it General Church Recorder to succeed In August 1856 the Historian's Ofwas found that Elder Cowdery had Willard Richards, who had died. As fice was completed, and on September

too much to do in his other Church the labors of the Historian's Office in- 9, 1856, Elder Wilford Woodruff duties properly to care for this office; creased it was found necessary to apcalled on President Young and told

therefore John Whitmer was appoint assistant historians, a custom him that the new building was ready pointed Church Historian. Nowhere which still prevails in the Church. for use. President Young gave inis it stated that either of these brethIn October 1856, Elder Wilford structions that the building should be

ren had anyone to assist in the writWoodruff was sustained as Assistant immediately occupied. The next day

ing; it is very likely that they did Church Historian, the first person to the official staff commenced moving

much of it in their own homes, where be so sustained. books, records, papers, etc.

they also kept their records. September 15, 1956, marked one

After the apostasy of John Whithundred years since the first Histori- r\N Monday, September 15, 1856,mer, others were called to help in an's Office building in Salt Lake City "Elder Wilford Woodruff offered keeping a history. Among those was dedicated. A few details conthe dedicatory prayer, from which the

called were John Corrill, Elias Higbee, cerning its construction therefore may following is extracted:

Robert B. Thompson, and James be of interest. "And inasmuch as we have the

Sloan, who spent most of their time privilege of having an office built for in this labor. However, it was not Inasmuch as the Historian's Office Thy servants to occupy while writing

until 1843, when the Prophet Joseph was in an upper room of the Council and keeping a history of Thy Church appointed Willard Richards Church House, the General Authorities felt and Kingdom upon the earth in these

Historian and General Church Rethat a separate building should be last days, we feel it a privilege to bow corder, that the Historian's Office erected. The site chosen for this before Thee and dedicate this house

became recognized as a distinct part building was on the south side of unto the Lord our God, even our of the Church organization. Elder South Temple Street, almost oppoFather in heaven.

Richards was the first to be sustained site the office of President Brigham "And by virtue of the Holy Priestas both Historian and Recorder, but Young. The Medical Arts Buildhood vested in us, in the name of

each person succeeding him has been ing now stands on the site. The Jesus Christ, we do dedicate it and

sustained in that same manner. excavation for the Historian's Office consecrate it unto the Lord our God,

There is mention of council meetbuilding commenced in June 1854, and we set it apart that it may conings and other meetings in Nauvoo but it was not until July 1855 that the tain holy records of the Church and being held in the Historian's Office. stone foundation was completed and Kingdom of God, and we ask in the

When the pioneers were at Winter ready for the adobes. name of Jesus Christ that it may be

Quarters, Elder Willard Richards The brethren were very desirous sanctified and holy unto Thy name, built a house known as the Octagon. that a safe place be built in which and we pray that we may be inspired

He not only made this building his to place valuable books and other by the gift and power of the Holy home but he also used it for the post material; therefore President Young (Continued on page 853)

NOVEMBER 1956 795 Ernest L. Wilkinson Harvey L. Taylor William E. Berrett William F. Edwards

ADMINISTRATOR AND EXECUTIVE ASS'T TO PRESIDENT VICE PRES. IN CHARGE OF VICE PRES. IN CHARGE OF

PRESIDENT OF BYU RELIGION FINANCE

The Unified Church School System

by Edwin J. Butterworth

ASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF JOURNALISM,

PRESS RELATIONS DIRECTOR, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Justizationthreeof yearsthe Church,after thea organsmall havethe mid1830's,toiled unceasinglyLatterdayfor educationSaints educationcould offer."that the primitive colony

group of men started holding a and learning. "The glory of God is Here is an early record from Fill-

"School of the Prophets"in Kirtland, intelligence"has been for them more more: "We immediately commenced

Ohio, (D & C 88:127) in one of the than a platitude; it has been a goal to build a corral for our cattle; we

first efforts at adult education in assiduously sought, and the national then built a school house and estabAmerica. leadership of the Church in education lished a school."

Since that time, Church education attests to its success. This story was about the same

has continued to grow until today The School of the Prophets was everywhere.

thousands of teachers are instructing held in Salt Lake City, St. George, At one time the Church operated

more than 65,000 students in hunand other places, as late as 1872, but twentytwo academies in addition to dreds of buildings in a vast program there were many other schools also. its many elementary schools. Theseextending into many states and forJoseph Smith organized a secondary were located throughout the westerneign countries. school—or high school—for the valleys from Raymond, Alberta, CanThis is the present composition of young people of Kirtland in 1837. ada, on the north to Colonia Juarez,

the Unified Church School System The studies included Latin, matheMexico, on the south. In 1850 was

which was set up in July 1953, with matics, history, and English. established the University of Deseret,

Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson, president of The Saints made plans for a school which later became the University

Brigham Young University, as adeven in Far West during the terrible of Utah.

ministrator: Brigham Young Unidays of persecution, and in Illinois With the rise of public schools, it

versity, Provo, Utah, the largest they established the University of was natural for the Church to give university in the intermountain area; Nauvoo. up some of these functions. It estabRicks College, Rexburg, Idaho; LDS Education came with the pioneers lished seminaries close to public

Business College of Brigham Young across the Great Plains. The first schools and institutes near colleges

University, Salt Lake City; McCune band of pioneers arrived in Salt Lake where large numbers of Latterday

School of Music and Art of Brigham Valley in July 1847, and by October Saint students were enrolled.

Young University, Salt Lake City; they had a school in operation. Soon However, the Church retained a

Juarez Academy and elementary they moved into the many valleys few of its academies and in 1921 and schools, Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, of the intermountain area, and hardly 1922 organized them into junior colMexico; 116 fulltime and 236 parthad their wagons stopped when the leges. Those retained were Weber

time seminaries; 20 fulltime and 13 ring of axes began to announce the College in Ogden; Ricks College,

parttime institutes.* construction of homes and schools. Rexburg, Idaho; Gila College in

Down through the decades since A history of Manti in 1850 states: Thatcher, Arizona; Dixie College in

also schools operates other Church *The which are "A log school house was erected and St. George; Snow College in Ephraim;

part of thisnot system are administered which but in missions. the include These The Church College the children were provided with the the LDS College in Salt Lake City;

of in Hawaii, Tonga, College Pesenga Liahona

School in Samoa, and LDS College in New Zealand. best opportunities for obtaining the and Juarez Academy. These schools

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John L. Clarke Kenneth S. Bennion N. Lorenzo Mitchell John Bennion Tavlor

PRESIDENT RICKS COLLEGE DIRECTOR LDS BUSINESS DIRECTOR McCUNE SCHOOL OF SUPERINTENDENT JUAREZ

COLLEGE BR. OF BYU MUSIC BR. OF BYU STAKE SCHOOL

greatly augmented the educational 1912 the school had 300 students in Twelve in a recent address. He said

systems of their states and were in elementary and high schools. Last in part:

operation about fifteen years. year 456 students were enrolled.

In the 1930's Weber, Snow, Gila, Classes are taught in English and is Theto teachfirst truth,purposesecularof ourtruth,Churchso effectiveschools and Dixie Colleges were turned over, Spanish. J. Ben Taylor is superinly that students will be free from error,

without cost, to the various states, tendent. free from sin... free from vain philoswhile the Church retained operation In a farreaching change to conophies and from untried unproven theories

science.of Ricks; LDS University became exsolidate this widespread organization of second objective and purpose is to The

clusively a business college; McCune for more efficient and effective adeducate youth, not only for time, but for all

School of Music and Art, Juarez ministration, the First Presidency in eternity.

Academy, and Brigham Young UniJuly 1953 announced the unification The third objective is to so teach the versity. of the entire system of universities, gospel that students will not be misled by

Ricks, established in 1888 as Bancolleges, schools, institutes, and semitionspurveyorsor faultyof falseinterpretation.doctrines, vain speculanock Stake Academy, became a twonaries under one administrative head. The fourth objective, to prepare students

year junior college in 1931. In 1950 Dr. Wilkinson was named administo live a wellrounded life.

it graduated its first fouryear stutrator, with Brigham Young UniverAnd the final objective of Church schools:

for stage set the students a to acquiredents, but has been reorganized again sity as the mother institution. to

reality of testimony the and the of God into a twoyear college effective this Assisting Dr. Wilkinson are three divinity of his work... and to help youth

year. President of Ricks is Dr. John other executives, also at Brigham to gain a testimony that God lives and that

L. Clarke. Young University: Harvey L. Taylor, his work is divine.

LDS Business College began in executive assistant to the president of let us take a closer look at1886 as Salt Lake Stake Academy in the University; William E. Berrett, Now

Social Hall. In 1887 it was comvice president in charge of religious some of these institutions:

bined with Brigham Young's private education; and Dr. William F. EdIn 1912 the first seminary building

school near Eagle Gate and in 1889 wards, vice president in charge of was erected next to Granite High became LDS College. In 1903 it finance and business administration. School south of Salt Lake City. It is

moved to the present site on Main The purposes of the unified Church believed to have been the first school

Street and in 1907 absorbed the Salt School System were stated by Elder of its kind in the United States. This

Lake Business College. In 1931 it Harold B. Lee of the Council of (Continued on page 846)

became strictly a business college and is now a branch of Brigham

Young University with an enrolment of about 1,700 a year in night and day classes. Its director is Kenneth

S. Bennion.

The McCune School of Music and

Art began in 1917 in the music department of the LDS University, and A. Ted Tuttle

moved to its present location in the former McCune Mansion in 1920. It Boyd K. Packer

became a branch of BYU in 1952.

It now enrolls 2,085 students a year. SEMINARY SUPERVISORS

Dircetor is Lorenzo Mitchell.

The Juarez Stake Academy in northern Mexico had its beginning in a oneroom log house in 1897. By

NOVEMBER 1956 797 Marianne C. Sharp Belle S. Spafford Velma N. Simonsen

FIRST COUNSELOR PRESIDENT SECOND COUNSELOR

and conditions; to develop leadership

The Relief Society ligion,among women;education,to fosterculture,loveandfor rere-

finement; to develop faith; to save

by Belle S. Spafford souls; to study and teach the gospel.

Membership in Relief Society is

PRESIDENT open to any woman of good character.

Theof JesusReliefChristSocietyof Latterdayof the ChurchSaints sistersgood worksmight inprovokelookingtheto brethrenthe wantsto was organized March 17, 1842, by of the poor, searching after objects the Prophet Joseph Smith, in Nauvoo, of charity and in administering to

Illinois. their wants—to assist by correcting

Sister Sarah M. Kimball, relating the morals and strengthening the virthe circumstances which led to the tues of the community, and save the

organization of Relief Society, stated elders the trouble of rebuking; that

that the sisters wished to form a they may give their time to other "Ladies'Society"in order that they duties, etc., in their public teaching."

might combine their means and (Ibid., p. 15.)

efforts to assist those who were workWhile the fundamental purposes of ing on the Nauvoo Temple. Sister the Society were clearly outlined by

Eliza R. Snow drew up a constitution the Prophet Joseph Smith at the

and bylaws which the sisters subinitial meeting, supplementary inmitted to the Prophet Joseph Smith. structions were later given by him

The Prophet replied "... this is not and have also been given by the

what you want. Tell the sisters their Presidents of the Church who have

offering is accepted of the Lord, and succeeded him. Following is a sumHe has something better for them mary of the aims and objects of the

than a written constitution. Invite Society as gleaned from the early

them all to meet me and a few of records of the institution and from the brethren in the Masonic Hall the instructions given from time to over my store next Thursday aftertime by the Church leaders:

noon, and I will organize the sisters To manifest benevolence; to care

under the Priesthood after a pattern for the poor, the sick, and unfortuof the Priesthood."(A Centenary of nate; to minister where death reigns;

Relief Society, p. 14.) to assist in correcting the morals and

At the first meeting of the Society, strengthening the virtues of comPresident Joseph Smith addressed the munity life; to raise human life to

sisters: "... to illustrate the object its highest level; to elevate and enof the Society that the Society of the large the scope of women's activities

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is expected that all Latterday Saint and closely identified with the welthey had so recently accepted, and women will avail themselves of the fare activities of the Society, has alin testimony bearing. Since 1902,

blessings, privileges, and opportuniways been a vital part of the work of formal class instruction has been ties of membership and contribute to Relief Society. The visiting teaching given in regular Relief Society meetthe work and advancement of the program provides that every Latterings. At three of the four meetings

Society. day Saint family in every ward or held for the general membership each

branch of the Church be visited once month during the membership year,

The basic work of the Society since a month by two Relief Society sisters October through May, uniform *- its inception has been to "seek who carry greetings and messages courses of study in theology, literaout and relieve distress."Tens of from the Society to each home and ture, and social science, prepared

thousands of hours of service have who observe conditions within the under the direction of the general been given in caring for the sick, home and report confidentially to board, and of recent years approved by comforting the sorrowing, assisting the ward Relief Society president any the Church publications committee, where death reigns, and rendering cases of need they may have observed have been presented. One meeting

other compassionate services. Since or which otherwise may have come each month is devoted to sewing,

the inauguration of the Church welto their attention. principally welfare sewing, and to

fare plan in 1936, Relief Society has In line with instructions from the other homemaking arts and skills.

not only continued its compassionate Prophet Joseph Smith, the Society has The educational program of the services, but it has also supplied always engaged in activities of an Society is designed to strengthen the countless hours of sewing, canning, educational nature. Although durtestimonies of Relief Society members

and other service for the Church weling the beginning years there was no to the truthfulness of the restored fare program. Of particular imformal class instruction, many diversigospel; to make Relief Society memportance have been the visits made fied educational opportunities were bers better Latterday Saints, better

to families in need by ward Relief afforded the sisters through the Somothers, better homemakers, and

Society presidents under the direction ciety, and the sisters engaged in disbetter citizens.

of their respective bishops, wherein cussions of the restored gospel, which (Continued on page 838) family needs are determined and

The Relief Society general board members are from left to right:

recommendations made to the bishops First row—Florence J. Madsen, Josie B. Bay, Evon W. Peterson, First Counselor

for meeting these needs. Relief SoMarianne C. Sharp, President Belle S. Spafford, Secretarytreasurer Margaret C. Pickering,

ciety fully cooperates with the Anna B. Hart, Blanche B. Stoddard. Second row—Aleine M. Young, Winniefred S. Manwaring, EIna P. Haymond, Edith

Church welfare program in meeting P. Backman, Annie M. Ellsworth, Gladys S. Boyer, Charlotte A. Larsen, Helen W. Anderunusual or emergent welfare needs. son, Alberta H. Christensen, Mildred B. Eyring, Christine H. Robinson, Leone G. Layton,

Louise W. Madsen, Mary R. Young. Absent from the picture were Second Counselor

Visiting teaching, initiated in 1843, Velma N. Simonsen and Edith S. Elliott.

NOVEMBER 1956 David L. McKay Lynn S. Richards

FIRST ASS'T. SECOND ASS'T.

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT George R. Hill GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT

out of his love for children, founded

Instructor purfor the the Juvenile to chilthe gospel pose of teaching Deseret Sunday School Union dren, was chosen president of the by George R. Hill new society. Edward L. Sloan was

made general secretary, and Robert

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT L. Campbell and George Goddard,

great movements in history A painting by Arnold Friberg of corresponding secretaries. Brigham

Young, Jr., Albert Carrington, andTheare the expressions of the inspirathis first Sunday School hangs in the

tion and vision of great men and general board room at 50 North Main, George A. Smith were appointed as

their dogged determination to see Salt Lake City. a reading committee.

these inspirations become realities. How that first Sunday School has

In the Church of Jesus Christ of grown! In 1955 there were more than

Latterday Saints, Sunday Schools 4,000 Sunday Schools in the stakes were held at irregular times at Kirtand missions of the Church. The Sunland, Nauvoo, and Winter Quarters. day School enrolment was 1,196,780

When Brigham Young was president in the stakes and missions reportof the British Mission, Latterday ing, with an average weekly attendSaint Sunday Schools were organized ance of 463,427, or 38.72 percent of

in England probably as early as 1841. this enrolment.

(The Instructor 84:376.)

In the years immediately following

Sagebrush was growing in the 1849, Sunday Schools sprang up in streets of Salt Lake City when that settlements up and down the terrilovable and tireless Scotsman, Richtory of Utah.

ard Ballantyne, rushed to completion the 18 by 20 foot living room of These Sunday Schools were indehis modest adobe cottage at First pendent of each other. The only auWest and Third South Streets, Salt thority they looked to was that of

Lake City. He invited the boys and the ward bishopric. There were no

girls to come to his first Sunday outlines or guides to follow, no manSchool, December 9, 1849. They uals, teacher's supplements, or even

if songbooks. Schools But the Sunday girls boys andcame—twentynine

of real in significance were to be bitterat 8 o'clock in the morning on a cold, windy day. They were seated teaching the gospel to the children

on split logs supported by wooden of the Church, they had to be given pegs before a roaring fireplace. There guidance and centralized direction. At

they listened intently to stories from a meeting November 11, 1867, Presithe Bible and the Book of Mormon, dent Brigham Young proposed that and learned about the gospel restora- a society be formed under the name tion from the Mps of this great teacher, of "Parent Sunday School Union

Richard Ballantyne. "I felt the gosSociety."The name was unanimously

pel was too precious to myself to be adopted.

withheld from the children."George Q. Cannon, who in 1866,

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For five years the Parent Sunday books, lesson enrichment stories, and prayerful and capable conscientious

School Union Society struggled along, songs. work of Sunday School musicians

visiting Sunday Schools and learnprior to 1884 in developing songs that ing much from observation and study Tn 1877 the First Presidency directed teach the gospel.

of the needs of these rapidly multiply- *- that the Sacrament be adminThese giants of the Deseret Sunday ing Sunday Schools of the Church. istered in all of the Sunday Schools of School Union were humble, hardThe Bible, Book of Mormon, and the Church. working men who sought and reDoctrine and Covenants were recomIn January 1884 a second edition ceived much inspiration from the

mended for purchase for each Sunday of Deseret Sunday School Union Lord. They reached out and deSchool library. Reading around was Music Book, containing eightyeight veloped musical and teaching talent,

a common method of teaching. David songs, at least sixtyfive of which resulting in many choice gospel

O. Calder was appointed to teach the were by home composers, was pubhymns and songs which were effectonic-solfa system of singing to Sunlished. Twentyseven of these sixtytive in teaching the gospel to the

day School teachers, and song writers five songs are in the hymnbook tochildren as well as their parents.

were stimulated to provide gospel day, and another seventeen are in The term "general board"was songs, which were published in The The Children Sing—testimony to the (Continued on page 849)

Juvenile Instructor.

GENERAL BOARD OF THE DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION In 1872 the Parent Sunday School

Union Society was reorganized, and First row, left to right: A William Lund, Earl J. Glade, Gerrit dejong, Jr., General

the Deseret Sundav School Union, SecretaryMcKay, GeneralRichardSuperintendentE. Folland, FirstGeorgeAssistantR. Hill,GeneralSecond AssistantSuperintendentGeneralDavidSuperintendentLawrence

with Elder George Q. Cannon as genLynn S. Richards, A. Hamer Reiser, Marie F. Felt, Wendell J. Ashton.

eral superintendent, took its place. Second row, left to right: Kenneth S. Bennion, }. Holman Waters, Leland H. Monson,

Alexander Schreiner, Lorna C. Alder, William P. Miller, Ralph B. Keeler, Vernon J. LeeThis grand leader and his farseeing Master, Claribel W. Aldous, Eva May Green, Melba Glade.

associates adopted many procedures Third row, left to right: Addie L. Swapp, Henry Eyring, Carl J. Christensen, Hazel F.

and tried numerous expedients to Young,son, ClarenceBeth Hooper,Tyndall,ReedNormanH. Bradford,R. Gulbrandsen.Frank S. Wise, David A. Shand, Delmar H. Dickstabilize and unify Sunday School Fourth row, left to right: Wallace G. Bennett, Addie J. Gilmore, Camille W. Halliday,

work. Texts and teaching materials Margaret Hopkinson, Mima Rasband, Edith M. Nash, Marion G. Merkley, Minnie E.

Anderson, Alva H. Parry, Royden G. Derrick, Harold A. Dent.

of various kinds were brought into Fifth row, left to right: Assistant General Treasurer Paul B. Tanner, Horace A.

use. Christiansen, Catherine Bowles, Raymond B. Holbrook, Wayne G. Brown, Lorin F. Wheelwright, Joseph Fielding Smith, Jr., Fred W. Schwendiman.

The Juvenile Instructor became the Members absent when picture was taken: General Treasurer Wallace F. Bennett,

Bates, A. Parley Dixon, Sperry, F. Bennett, Archibald H. Aldous Witbeck, Lucy G.official organ of the Deseret Sunday Inez

S. Allen, Asahel D. Wilford Lewis, Florence Castleton, M. Burton, Hazel W. W. Lowell

School Union. It published outlines, Woodruff, James L. Barker, Clair W. Johnson, Henry L. Isaksen, Bernard S. Walker.

NOVEMBER 1956 801 A. Walter Stevenson David S. King

Elbert R. Curtis

and organized throughout the Church, so that we shall know who and where they are, so that we can put our hands upon The Young Men's Mutual them at any time for any service that may be required. We want them to hold meetof bearget the habit into of speaking—and Improvement Association ings where they will stand up and speak to be meetings are testimony. ing These

for our young men, to be composed of young of society improvement—a

There improvement. by Elbert R. Curtis menyoung formentheirfor mutual

GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT, YMMIA is your name: "The Young Men's Mutual

Improvement SociAssociation."

YMMIA magic letters—what do to see that the lighting effect was just

they mean to you? Perhaps they right? Perhaps, in later years, YM

mean your very first night away MIA has meant a Special Interest from home with a troop of Boy Scouts; class, and the opportunity to study a

perhaps they mean your Tenderfoot littleknown but fascinating facet of pin, and all the rest of your Scout the restored gospel.

and Explorer awards, your Junior M Yes, the magic letters YMMIA can

Men awards, and finally your Master mean many things. But of course they

M Man pin, with its six pearls, each stand for Young Men's Mutual Imrepresenting a field of achievement, provement Association—the Church's

delicately set in gold. great weekday activity (together

Perhaps they mean your first dance, with its partner, the Young Women's and how concerned you were to hold Mutual Improvement Association) for your best girl the right way for fear young adults and adults who like to that she would break in two; or stay young.

when the stake rented the best ballHow did this organization come room in town for a stake banquet and about? Let's go back to the year

dance at the conclusion of the year; 1875. At that time the "Retrenchor singing in a music festival or dancment Society"which Brigham Young

ing in a divisional dance festival; or had organized first for his own daughparticipating in a speech contest or ters was five and onehalf years old.

the great athletic tournaments. It was the thinking of the great piothat neer leader the young men of first gave Perhaps you your YMMIA

1 organization. a similar Zion needed grease paint to apply and takechance

part in a play or a roadshow? PerIn commissioning Junius F. Wells,

haps they gave you the opportunity then in his twentyfirst year, to form to make your words come to life from an organization in the Thirteenth the stage as they assigned you the Ward in Salt Lake City (which ortask of writing a roadshow act or an ganization has become accepted as original play. Remember the long the beginning of the YMMIA prohours you put in as a scenery painter gram), President Brigham Young

for that special performance, and how said:

you, the electrician, worked overtime We want to have our young men enrolled 802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA That evening (it was Thursday, City on the north and St. George on assistant secretary; George F. Gibbs,

June 10, 1875) Elder Wells went to the south. Then on November 1, corresponding secretary; and Mathoni

the Thirteenth Ward Assembly 1875, Elder Wells departed to fill a W. Pratt, treasurer. When the

Rooms on Second South, just east of mission to the Eastern States. "branch societies"(ward or stake)

State Street, where the meeting had Elders John Henry Smith, Milton were organized, each president of a been called to organize the associa- H. Hardy, and B. Morris Young were society automatically became a memtion. He found the room filled with called by the First Presidency on ber of this central organization. There

men, some of whom were expecting November 6, 1875, to continue the were other members of the central to be addressed by Brigham Young. YMMIA work. group as well.

But President Young had a previous The work grew, more organizations One of the notable fields of enappointment. Elder Wells addressed were formed, until the need for a deavor other than youth activities

the group for fifty minutes, outlining central organization became pressin which the YMMIA has engaged the new organization, and covering ingly apparent. This was formally has been in the field of publications.

the points of the interview with Presicompleted in the Council House, Junius F. Wells was the editor and

dent Young. At the close of the meetSalt Lake City, December 8, 1876, publisher of the first issue of The

ing he requested those who were willwith Junius F. Wells, president; M. Contributor in October 1879. The

ing to join the organization to remain, H. Hardy, first counselor; Rodney C. title page of volume -one proclaimed

and he took down eighteen names. Badger, second counselor; John Nichthe magazine as "representing the

Because Elder Wells was about to olson, secretary; Richard W. Young, (Concluded on page 844)

go on a long trip, in President Young's company, to southern Utah, regular OFFICERS AND GENERAL BOARD OF THE YMMIA:

meetings were not commenced until First row, left to right: Harold Glen Clark, E. Allen Bateman, Assistant Secretary

Charles E. Mitchner, Jr., General Secretary Alma H. Pettigrew, First Assistant General

the nineteenth of August. Elder Superintendent A. Walter Stevenson, General Suprintendent Elbert R. Curtis, Second AsHeber J. Grant (later President of sistant General Superintendent David S. King, Frank W. McGhie, Crawford M. Gates,

the Church) was the secretary of the Joy F.SecondDunyon.row: Clark P. Russell, Clark N. Stohl, W. Floyd Millet, Lynn Hales, Forace

association. Green, Richard L. Gunn, William B. Smart, George LaMont Richards, Elvis B. Terry.

During the late summer and early Third row: Albert O. Mitchell, Rulon B. Stanford, John U. Webber, Lee Jepperson,

fall the work of organizing associaTedI. Cannon.Bushman, Kenneth H. Sheffield, Gordon Owen, Harry Clarke, Alma Heaton, George

tions of the young men in the various Fourth row: Adolphus P. Warnick, Francis L. Urry, Doyle L. Green, Royal L. Garff,

communities of the Church was conIrving P. Beesley, L. Clair Likes, Knight B. Kerr, Stanford G. Smith, Roy W. Doxey,

J. Darley,Ashton. Leon L. Imlay, Armond F. Carr,tinued. A tour was made to "distant"WallaceThoseF. notToronto,pictured:RichardRalphS. W.Tanner,Hardy,MarvinRoy M.

communities as far away as Brigham David Llewellyn Roberts, Lester F. Hewlett, Jr., Parley H. Liddle.

NOVEMBER 1956 803.

Emily H. Bennett LaRue C. Longden

Bertha S. Reeder

wonderful women and their gifted

The Growth of the Young Women's wardscounselors,and thestakesfaithfulhaveworkersimplementedin the the program, adapting it to the needs of individual situations which have

Mutual Improvement Association existedThe YWMIAin their hasareas.spanned the years

from the horse and buggy days of

November 1869 to the age of the jet by Bertha S. Reeder airplane in 1956. But fundamentally

GENERAL PRESIDENT, YWMIA the purposes have remained stedfast and true, insuring the building of happy lives for those young women [ightyfive years of growth and "I have long had it in mind to who make these purposes their own.

I achievement have made the organize the young ladies of Zion In the early days the YWMIA conYoung Women's Mutual Iminto an association so that they might provement Association a magic forassist the older members of the mula for providing spiritual food for Church, their fathers and mothers, young women in both lessons and in propagating, teaching, and practisrecreation. The lessons, pointing up ing the principles I have been so long

the way to ideals of life, and the in teaching. There is a need for the

activities such as dance, public speakyoung daughters of Israel to get a ing, drama, and music, indicating the living testimony of the truth. More

way of recreation in wholesome fun testimonies are obtained on the feet—both have brought enrichment of than on the knees.*** I want you to

living to all members of the YWMIA. vote to retrench in your dress, in your

Basically the same ideals that tables, in your speech, wherein you prompted President Brigham Young have been guilty of silly, extravagant to organize his own daughters into the speeches and lightmindedness of "Young Ladies'Department of the thought. Retrench in everything

Cooperative Retrenchment Associathat is bad and worthless, and imtion,"forerunner to the YWMIA, prove in everything that is good and still persist among the more than beautiful."

152,000 young women enrolled in Each succeeding President of the this organization. Church has indicated the importance

President Young's admonition to of the assignment of the YWMIA his daughters—and therefore to all among the auxiliaries of the Church.

young women—was succinct and Each President has expected the YW

straightforward: "I desire to organMIA to do its part to assist in buildize my own family first into a society ing the kingdom of heaven on earth.

for the promotion of habits of order, Five general presidents of the thrift, industry, and charity; and, YWMIA have labored diligently and

above all things, I desire them to rewell to build better lives for all the trench from their extravagance in girls who have or should have endress, in eating, and even in speech. rolled in the Mutual. Under these

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sisted of one large class, young and and in 1921 a further department was it differ from commercial recreation old attending and listening to the introduced which had been perfected or that in nonLDS organizations.

same presentation. It was not long, by Granite Stake. It became the No theatrical presentation occurs

however, before the leaders recogGleaner department. As the Church without first asking for the Lord's

nized that the language and problems has grown, the YWMIA has grown, spirit to be in attendance; no dance is

of the younger members differed and today there are divisions for the held without prayer—both before and

markedly from those of the older folk. various age groups, each with its after; and each Mutual session is conProvision was made that, although own lessons and with its own indivened and dismissed with prayer.

the same lessons would be used, the vidual activities, as well as general There is no activity so small that the younger women might be divided recreation for the entire association. spirit of the Lord is not invoked to be

from the older ones and be given the Even as the divisions were made present; and likewise, no activity is so

lessons adapted to their language, for age groupings (today including great that it can dispense with the understanding, and needs. In 1913 Bee Hive, Mia Maid, JuniorGleaner, same spirit.

the work of the Camp Fire Girl proGleaner, and Special Interest), so the Each general president has made gram was introduced, largely for sumactivities have been separated from her particular and peculiar contribumer work, for the fourteen and fifteen the lesson departments into special tion to the work of this auxiliary.

year old girls, since that was then the committees, including music, drama, And each has met the problems of her age for enrolment in the YWMIA. dance, speech, and sports. And with day and, with the capable workers in

Although this program proved a good these activities came the great impetus the wards and stakes, offered soluone, it was not quite adaptable to of spiritualized recreation which has tions which have made the YWMIA the girls of the Church. In 1914 characterized the MIA and has set an effective organization for good

when the Bee Hive program was its stamp on the organization to make (Continued on page 842) adopted, Dr. Luther Gulick, founder

and president of the Camp Fire Girls, OFFICERS AND GENERAL BOARD MEMBERS:

commended the committee of the Front row, left to right: Ruth H. Funk, Irma R. Heiss, Gladys D. Wight, Norma P.

YWMIA which had established the Anderson, First Counselor Emily H. Bennett, General President Bertha S. Reeder, Second

Bee Hive department by stating, "In taryCounselorHelen LaRueD. Lingwall,C. Longden,Marba SecretaryTreasurerC. Josephson. Helena W. Larson, Attendance Secresome respects you have I believe Second Row: Jeannette H. Demars, Edna K. Pay, Merle P. Poulson, Hazel A. Snow,

struck a truer note"than even his Sara D. Yates, Carol H. Cannon, Florence B. Pinnock, Gladys E. Harbertson, Pearl B.

organization. The Bee Hive program Johnson.Third Row: Hulda Parker, Moana B. Bennett, Rita J. Nash, Caroline E. Miner,

started largely as a summer activity Marie Stuart, Margrit F. Lohner, Lorraine Bowman, Kathryn Fairbanks, Violet H. Grix,

program but shortly thereafter was DoloresFourthG. Merrill.Row: Lorna Tayler, Dorothy Jacobson, Virginia H. McDonald, Jane Thompson,

adopted for the entire year's work. Edith F. Shepherd, Joyce Roberts, Betty Killpack, Allie Howe, Joie E. McKean, Grace C.

This new department alleviated the Milner,BoardAlicemembersC. Christensen,absent fromCarolynpicture:Dunn, EthelEdna Leaver,Baker Callis,Karin 1.VelmaAronson.Harvey, Clela B.

situation somewhat, but not enough, Jorgensen, Iva Lou Peterson.

NOVEMBER 1956 805 Arta M. Hale Leone W. Doxey

LaVern W. Parmley

Sister May Green Hinckley was ap1940. president pointed in January

offithe administration herFrom a Little Rock Church to the World During

THE GROWTH OF THE PRIMARY ASSOCIATION cialadopted.seal, Thetheme,seal anddenotescolorsfaith wereand

service. The theme reads, "And they

by LaVern W. Parmley shall also teach their children to pray,

and to walk uprightly before the

March 1878, Sister Aurelia Spenanswer she wrote: "I feel assured that Lord."Red, yellow, and blue are the

In cer Rogers felt the need for an the inspiration of heaven is directcolors of the Primary. These colors

organization where young Lattering you, and that a great and very are the foundation colors from which day Saint boys could be taught important movement is being inall others are made. In a similar way

"everything good and how to beaugurated for the future Zion. We

have."She noticed that many of must have the girls as well as the

them were allowed to be out on the boys. They must be trained tostreets at night and were learning gether."

things that little boys should never Sister Snow suggested the organizalearn. Some of them were growing tion be called "Primary."

up tobe "hoodlums"rather than good On August 11, 1878, Sister Rogers

Latterday Saints and gentlemen. was set apart to preside over the first

Then Sister Rogers had an idea. It Primary. The children, 115 boys and

was inspiration from our Heavenly 100 girls, were called together in the

Father, who is always concerned little rock church for the first time on about his children. Sister Rogers asked August 25, 1878.

Sister Eliza R. Snow, "Could there On June 19, 1880, Sister Louie B.

not be an organization for little boys Felt was appointed the first general and have them trained to make better president of the Primary Association.

men?"A sound foundation was laid for

Sister Snow consulted President teaching lessons in faith, obedience,

John Taylor and members of the and devotion to the ways of righteousCouncil of the Twelve who approved ness.

such an organization. Sister May Anderson followed as

A letter was written to Bishop John general president. Under her superHess of Farmington, Utah, who then vision the Primary was divided into

asked Sister Rogers to preside over ten groups according to ages and the first Primary in the Church. Up given names such as Home Builders,

to this point the girls had not been Trail Builders, etc. In 1952, the name

mentioned, but Sister Rogers felt a for the sevenand eightyear-old meeting would not be complete withgroups was changed from Zion's Boys out them. Singing was necessary, and and Girls to the Pilot groups. In

it needed the voices of girls as well 1956 the four-, five-, and sixyear-old as of boys. A letter was sent to Sister groups were named Sunbeams, Stars,

Snow asking her opinion, and in her and Rainbows.

806 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Primary lays a foundation for a are regarded as suitable for this pur- "Most careful attention should be testimony of the restored gospel. pose. The Primary Association will given to the selection of leaders who

Sister Adele Cannon Howells was also take from the Young Men's Muare spiritually qualified and capable the fourth general president. Many tual Improvement Association the reto direct the activities of scouting.

projects were instigated under her disponsibility for and supervision of the "The instruction of the Church has rection. Primary workers and chilBoy Scout program for elevenyear- been, and still is, that scouting for

dren contributed funds for the mural olds."the elevenyear-old boys is a daydecoration of the baptismal font room The following excerpts are from a time program. Overnight camping

in the Idaho Falls Temple. letter written to Primary leaders by trips should not be planned for these

A weekly quiz show now called President David O. McKay in regard boys."

Junior Council was inaugurated. This to the scouting assignment:

program is still being televised and "May I take this opportunity of ex- 1?rom a humble beginning in the

is one of the oldest television programs pressing my appreciation to Primary * little rock church in Farmington, in Salt Lake City. leaders for the work accomplished in Utah, the Primary now reaches all

Various assignments have been preparing boys to receive the priestparts of the world. There are 1,988

given to the Primary Association by hood. organized Primaries in the stakes and

the First Presidency. "With the addition of scouting we 1,233 in the missions. The lives of

1. "We approve the recommendaadd strength and interest and reach 213,769 children were touched by

tion that the Primary Association out to include every elevenyear-old Primary last year. There is an avershall have charge of the conducting boy. I am convinced that participaage weekly attendance of sixtynine

or directing of the leisure and recreation in this combined program is one percent of the boys and girls enrolled.

tional activities of the children of of the most helpful experiences a There are 8,159 nonmember chilthe Church from four to eleven years boy can have. (Concluded on page 842)

inclusive. GENERAL BOARD OF PRIMARY

2. "We assign to the Primary AssoFirst row, left to right: Thelma B. de Jong, Thelma J. Ryser, Delsa P. Stevens, Arta M.

ciation the responsibility of carrying Hale, first counselor; LaVern W. Parmley, president; Leone W. Doxey, second counselor;

secretary; P. Parrish. F. Eileen Henrichsen, Beth Knight, R. Dunyon, Mary Normaon a weekday religious program for Helen

F. left to right: Alta Miller, Second Groesrow, C. Dutson, Lucy Lyon, Hermana Lue

the children of the Church. beck, Lucelle R. Taylor, Myrl W. Hamilton, Amy M. Casto, Bertha B. Proctor, Vauna S.

3. "We have assigned to the PriJacobsen, Phyllis H. Shorten, Naomi W. Randall, Norma O. Nichols.

mary Association of the Church the TessieThirdG. Post,row, Fernleft toF. right:Whipple,LucilleKathrynA. Douglas,S. Gilbert,SarahEdnaL. M.Johnson,Faux, RegenaMinnie J.B. Anderson,Sorensen,

duty of establishing the Cub Scout Bernice Einzinger, Catharine A. Rich, June Carlisle.

program of the Boy Scouts of AmerFourth row, left to right: Helen B. Evans, Ada B. Maxfield, Beth S. Davey, Ada S.

ica among the boys in the Church VanSybil Dam,W. Hansen,Blanch JohannaD. Sundberg,V. Sharnborg,Edith S. ArdellaPatrick,R.OlgaLowry,C. ZinaBrown,C. ClaraBrockbank,W. McMaster,Orpha S.

of eligible age, wherever conditions Boyden.

NOVEMBER 1956 807 Joseph Fielding Smith Mark E. Petersen Archibald F. Bennett

PRESIDENT VICEPRESIDENT SECRETARY

The Genealogical Society

by Mark E. Petersen

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

discipline contrast to its is in great ciety of the is progressive and in the doctrines today and

Christ beginning. of Latterday of Jesus the beginTheforwardChurchlooking. This is one humble Church But

of the reasons for its amazing ning of the society was a wise one; Saints and set forth in the revelations

growth throughout the world. the work was directed by inspired of God; said association to be conOne of its most modern developleaders; and upon the foundation ducted in harmony with the rules

ments is the work of the Genealogical which they laid with such remarkand order of said Church."

Society which has kept abreast of the able foresight the structure of today The society was incorporated on times in such a manner as to provide has been built. November 21, 1894, with a fiftyyear

for the Latterday Saints a remarkUnder the name of The Genecorporate charter.

able means of searching out the recalogical Society of Utah the organizaAt the end of the fifty years, the ords of their dead in preparation for tion was formed in November 1894 society was reincorporated under a temple work. through the sponsorship of the First changed title: "The Genealogical SoThere is hardly a member of the Presidency of the Church. A few ciety of the Church of Jesus Christ

Church from America or Europe brethren vitally interested in geneof Latterday Saints."

whose ancestry may not be traced alogical research and temple work The first president of the society with considerable success through the met in the old Historian's Office at was Elder Franklin D. Richards,

facilities of the Genealogical Society. 60 South Temple Street in Salt Lake Church Historian. His great enIts records have been obtained in City and formed the society with couragement and foresight were largemicrofilm or book form from virtually their objective stated as follows: ly responsible for the early success

every are Caucasian today nation and the undersigned members "We of of the organization. It was he who

available in Salt for research Lake of the of LatterJesus Christ Church hisof the tendered the upper room

City. day Saints do hereby associate ourtorian's office for the use of the soWhereas in the past many were selves together in an organization to ciety, and he made some of the first

obliged to visit Europe and there be known by the name and style of gifts of books which formed the search the records of their own famiThe Genealogical Society of Utah, nucleus for a genealogical library.

lies, now they need but contact the the purposes of which are benevolent President Anthon H. Lund, also

library and archives of The Genein collecting, compiling, establishing, Church Historian and Recorder, was alogical Society of the Church. There and maintaining a genealogical liappointed to the position of president

they may see in photographic form brary for the use and benefit of its of the society upon the death of the very records on which their fammembers and others; educational in Elder Richards in 1899. He in turn

ily names were kept in foreign lands disseminating information regarding was succeeded by President Charles and may study and transcribe them. genealogical matters; religious in ac- W. Penrose in 1921, by President

The most modern devices are availquiring records of deceased persons Anthony W. Ivins in 1925, and by

able to help them do so. in connection with ordinances of the Elder Joseph Fielding Smith of the

As is the case with other activities religion of our Lord and Savior Jesus Council of Twelve, Church Historian of the Church, the work of this soChrist, as that religion is understood and Recorder, in 1934.

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A. William Lund James M. Kirkham L. Garrett Myers EIRay L. Christiansen

DIRECTORS

President Joseph Fielding Smith has In addition to that, much microthe present time, there are nearly been associated with the society in filming of vital records has been done 6,000 active research accounts being an official way for over fifty years. here in the United States. It has handled by the society. TwentyHe has served as librarian, secretary, been completed in Connecticut, Delaseven researchers are steadily entreasurer, director, vice president, ware, Maryland, New Hampshire, gaged performing work in Denmark,

chairman of the executive board, and North Carolina, Rhode Island, TenNorway, Sweden, Holland, England, first editor of the Utah Genealogical nessee, Vermont, and Virginia, and is Wales, Scotland, Ireland, Germany, and Historical Magazine. still being carried on in Florida, Switzerland, Finland, the United

Speaking in a genealogical meeting Georgia, Hawaii, Kentucky, Maine, States, Iceland, Canada, and France.

in the Assembly Hall in 1910, PresiNew Jersey, New York, Ohio, PennAmong the researchers the following dent Francis M. Lyman of the Counsylvania, South Carolina, and Utah. languages are spoken: Swedish, Norcil of the Twelve urged the Saints Where the society has not sent its wegian, Danish, Icelandic, Dutch,

to pay great attention to preserving own photographers, it has purchased German, French, Italian, Spanish, the presentday records of their somicrofilms from other organizations and medieval and ancient Latin.

ciety, and predicted that the day in virtually all of the states of the Genealogical conventions are held would come when the society would American Union. The census recin every stake of the Church once a

be one of the greatest and most powerords of the United States for 1830, year as a means of teaching the stake ful organizations in the Church. It 1840, 1850, 1860 are in possession of and ward genealogical committee how

is that today. the society and are generally comto assist the members of the wards

The library was commenced with plete for all of the states of the Union. in performing their research work,

about one hundred volumes which Part of the 1870 census is also in the preparing their genealogical records, consisted primarily of genealogies and library. In addition to all of these and beginning their temple work.

families.pedigrees of English Howfilms, many thousands of other books Textbooks have been provided forever, the library 11, 1899, by April

are available.

had 388 books, and since that date study classes in the wards. Lesson

the number of volumes has steadily It should be mentioned that one courses have been given in connecincreased into many thousands. Unof the most fruitful departments for tion with the Brigham Young Unitil 1938 the records of the society research is the archive section, where versity, and some genealogical inconsisted of printed books and manuat the present time about 3,000,000 struction has been given by radio to

scripts. family group sheets are accessible. many people who have followed the

The Genealogical Society began the The daily growth in this department programs given over the air.

use of microfilm in 1938. Since that is approximately 1,000 sheets. About

time the microfilm work has become 3,500 cards are sent to the index The present officers of The Geneone of the great factors in the progress bureau every day for filing. Facilities alogical Society of the Church of

of the society. It has gone on to the for the public have been so increased Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are

point where now the society has. in the archives that there are now as follows:

available in film to be placed on spaces for 48 people to work at desks Joseph Fielding Smith, president reading machines 210,281,238 pages of records. Photographers have visited in that one department alone. There and treasurer; Mark E. Petersen, vice

Sweden, Great Britain, including Ireare about 450 binders given out every president; Archibald F. Bennett, secland, Scotland, Wales, and the Isle day for the use of patrons. retary; L. Garrett Myers, general suof Man; Denmark, Finland, the perintendent; with other members of

Netherlands, Germany, Mexico, NorrPHE Church Genealogical Society the board being: A. William Lund,

way, Switzerland, Iceland, Canada, provides for the Saints a remarkJames M. Kirkham, and El Ray L.

France, Italy, and other countries. able service in research activity. At Christiansen.

NOVEMBER 1956 809 Henry D. Moyle Harold B. Lee Marion G. Romney Paul C. Child

CHAIRMAN MANAGING DIRECTOR ASST. MANAGING DIRECTOR

Welfare in the Church

by Alfred W. Uhrhan

SECRETARY, GEN'L CHURCH WELFARE FINANCE COMMITTEE

underlying principles of the "Behold, I say unto you, that ye J. Ballard, Harold B. Lee, Mark AusTheChurch Welfare Program of the must visit the poor and the needy tin, Stringam A. Stevens, and CampChurch of Jesus Christ of Latand administer to their relief...."bell M. Brown. The Church itself

terday Saints have been a part of (D & C 42:3031; 44:6.) was organized into thirteen regions.

the gospel since the beginning. "In And thus, whenever the true Regional, stake, and ward welfare

the sweat of thy face shalt thou eat Church of Jesus Christ has been upon committees were organized, and the bread, till thou return unto the the earth, it has presented a program Church began the tremendous task ground...."(Genesis 3:19.) In these to care for the economic welfare of of taking Church members from pubwords the Lord gave to Adam and its membership. lic relief rolls. The goals were to

Eve as they left the Garden of Eden provide these members with work the economic law of independent selfTn 1936 President Heber J. Grant within the program on Churchspon-

reliance under which men were to *- was inspired to inaugurate the sored projects, supply food and clothlive out their lives upon the earth. program we now know as the Church ing through bishops'storehouses and

"But if any provide not for his own, welfare plan. cash needs through the fast offering

and specially for those of his own "Our primary purpose,"said the fund, and ultimately rehabilitate house, he hath denied the faith, and First Presidency, "was to set up inthese people in selfsustaining emis worse than an infidel."(I Tim. sofar as it might be possible, a system ployment in private enterprise.

5:8.) In these words the Apostle under which the curse of idleness About six weeks after the anPaul outlined the responsibility of would be done away with, the evils nouncement of the welfare plan in

each family head for the care of his of a dole abolished, and independence, April 1936, remarkable progress beown. The fifth commandment (Exoindustry, thrift and selfrespect be came apparent in the announcement

dus 20:12) further expands this reonce more established amongst our that 212 farm, industrial, canning,

sponsibility: "Honour thy father and people. The aim of the Church is to and sewing projects had been estabthy mother...."help the people to help themselves. lished. An additional 238 projects

"If thou wilt be perfect, go and Work is to be reenthroned as a rulwere ready to start within another sell that thou hast, and give to the ing principle in the lives of our few weeks. Fourteen hundred eightypoor, and thou shalt have treasure in Church membership."seven acres had been planted to garheaven: and come and follow me."To carry out the detailed adminisden crops. Great emphasis was

(Matthew 19:21.) The Master here trative work of such a comprehensive placed upon the monthly fast. Two

outlined the general responsibility we program, the First Presidency organmeals were to be abstained from the have for the poor. In the Doctrine ized a general Church welfare comfirst Sunday of each month, and the

and Covenants the Lord continues, mittee to assist the General Authorimoney saved thereby was to be turned "And behold, thou wilt remember the ties in the work of coordinating and into the Church as a fast offering to poor.... supervising the labors of the reguprovide for the cash needs of the

"And inasmuch as ye impart of larly established Chuch organizations. welfare plan.

your substance unto the poor, ye Originally this was a fiveman comThe newly appointed general will do it unto me;... mittee consisting of Elders Melvin Church welfare committee had made

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mark B. Garff Leonard E. Adams J. Leonard Love Walter Stover

William T. Lawrence Lorenzo H. Hatch Walter Dansie LeRoy A. Wirthlin

great progress in effecting the welover the years has put hundreds of ing LDS garments for sale to Church fare plan organization at regional, people to work at productive labor, members.

stake, and ward levels and many taught many people new skills, and In February 1940 construction beemployable members were already channeled hundreds of Church memgan on the huge grain elevators at being placed in permanent remunerabers who would otherwise have been Welfare Square. This was a marveltive employment, with complete ecounemployed into private industry, ous testimony to the inspiration of

nomic rehabilitation in sight. where they have become selfsupport- the welfare plan and the effectiveness

ing. Deseret Industries now has three of its organization. The elevators

/\ne earlyof periodthe workwas theprojectsconstructionof this retailmajor stores.processingMembersplantsof theandChurchmany werethat onebuiltcouldby usingliterallymovingsee theformsbuildso

of the main building now located on and others have given this program ing grow. Men and equipment were

Welfare Square. Ground was broken excellent cooperation over the years available around the clock for eight

for this project in June 1936. Wel-—turning in used clothing, furniture, and onehalf days until the project

fare workers salvaged from the demand appliances so that these items was completed—a monument to coolition of a building in downtown could be repaired or rebuilt for sale operation and to faith and devotion

Salt Lake City, 1,500,000 common or use in the bishop's storehouse proto an inspired program. The tower

pressed bricks, 250,000 feet of lumgram and provide employment for rises 240 feet from the ground level, ber, 40,000 feet of flooring, and large hundreds of workers. and the bins provide space for 318,000

quantities of glass, doors, electrical In 1937 the Deseret Clothing Facbushels of grain.

wire and plumbing. Nearly all of tory was established for the purpose The program moved very early to

the work on this tremendous buildof manufacturing LDS garments and provide its own facilities to can and ing project was either contributed or providing additional opportunities for process foods required by needy accomplished by men receiving asmany of our people who were unemChurch members. In March 1940, a

sistance from the welfare plan. ployed. This factory now provides committee of experts was called to

In August 1938, the Church welthe welfare plan with all LDS garcontribute of their time and knowlfare plan adopted the now famous ments needed and with many other edge to supervise these activities. At

Deseret Industries program which knit goods in addition to manufactur- (Continued on page 852)

NOVEMBER 1956 811 Richard L. Evans J. Spencer Cornwall Richard P. Condie Lester F. Hewlett

COMMENTATOR CONDUCTOR ASST. CONDUCTOR PRESIDENT

The Tabernacle Choir

1848 On October 8 the choir sang at the general con1908 (Approximately) to 1938 David A. Smith served

ference of the Church held in the Bowery. as choir president.

(Journal History of the Church.) The nucleus 1909 Toured Northwest, giving concerts in La Grande,

of this choir came across the plains in an organOregon, and Seattle, Washington.

ized form in 1847 with the first pioneer com1911 Choir was engaged to sing at Madison Square panies. (See Col. Kane's Diary.) Garden in New York City for two appearances

1849 John Parry was appointed director of choir. daily for ten days, November 3 to 12. Left Salt

1854 Stephen Goddard was appointed director. Lake City October 23, returned November 26,

1856 James Smithies was director. having traveled 5,500 miles and sung fifty concerts,

1862 Charles John Thomas was director. including one at the White House for President

1865 Robert Sands was director. and Mrs. William Howard Taft.

1867 Organ sufficiently completed to use for October 1916 Anthony C. Lund appointed director.

Tabernacle. The in present conference general organist Tabernacle Schreiner became Alexander the 1924 by accompanied at. this conference, choir sang also was appointed 8, 1924. April Frank W. Asper

organ. organ1924. (Other 27, April organist Tabernacle

1880. until director Careless1869 George of the history long the assistants during ists and to hundred one increased of choir Membership1870 Daynes, John included choir Joseph J. have J. Careless became and Director George voices by Y. Cannon, P. Kimball, Tracy McClellan, Edward

choir. Tabernacle Salt as Lake known

others.) and outconcert in choir of appearance First public1873

side of Church services on July 4. 1926 Choir traveled to San Francisco, Sacramento, Oak1875 Choir participated with others in a performance land, south to Los Angeles, giving a concert in

of The Messiah (June). Beginning of oratorio

presentation in Salt Lake City.

1880 Ebenezer Beesley was appointed director.

1882 Choir gave a concert for the benefit of Deseret

Hospital. 1889 Evan Stephens appointed director.

1893 Choir left Salt Lake City for the Columbian Exr position at Chicago, where they took second prize.

Gave concerts en route. Evan Stephens, director.

1896 Choir toured northern California cities, giving concerts at Oakland, April 14; San Francisco,

April 15, 16, 17, 18, and a sacred concert Sunday,

April 19; San Jose, April 20; Sacramento, April

21. (Locations: Oakland, Congregational Church;

San Francisco, Metropolitan Hall; San Jose, Auditorium; Sacramento, Congregational Church.)

1896 (August) Went to Denver Eisteddfod.-

1902 Toured California cities, giving concerts in San The Salt Lake Tabernacle

Choir Francisco, Sacramento, Palo Alto.

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Alexander Schreiner Frank W. Asper Roy M. Darley

ORGANIST ORGANIST ASS'T. ORGANIST

the Hollywood Bowl, and at San Diego, then base of the Great White Throne, Zion National traveled to Pomona, and back to San Francisco. Park, on Memorial Day, May 30. Guests of the

1929 First radio broadcast Monday afternoon, July 15, Union Pacific Railroad. It snowed in the park

1929. Anthony C. Lund directed the first broadthat day.

cast; Edward P. Kimball was the organist; and 1938 As a feature of the October conference, dramatized

Ted Kimball announced the program, succeeded performance of Elijah with Mr. Rollin Pease,

by Roscoe Grover and others. baritone.

1930 Richard L. Evans became commentator on the lQ3g Lester F. Hewlett became president of Tabernacle

Tabernacle choir broadcast in June. choir February 26.

1932 In August 1932, when KSL became a 50,000 watt /930 Choir appeared in concert at Sun Valley as guests outlet and joined the Columbia network, it was of the Union Pacific Railroad.

decided that the broadcast would go with the JQ3Q Elijah again presented at October conference in station and become a CBS feature. dramatic form.

1934 At the invitation of Henry Ford, the choir pre1940 Music of the Tabernacle choir and organ was feasented a series of concerts for one week, Septemtured, along with Leopold Stokowski and the ber 10 to 16 at the Century of Progress Exposition, Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra, Paul Robeson,

Chicago. Concerts were given twice daily. Choir baritone, and Walter Armitage, in a demonstraalso gave a concert at Denver en route home. tion of stereophonic reproduction of sound, pre1935 Choir gave fourteen concerts at the Californiasented by the Bell Telephone Laboratories at

Pacific International Exposition at San Diego on Carnegie Hall, New York City. The music had

invitation of the Ford Motor Company, and also been recorded at Salt Lake City by Dr. Harvey

gave a concert at Iriglewood Bowl. J. Spencer Fletcher.

Cornwall, present director, was appointed. 1941 Dramatized version of St. Paul (Mendelssohn)

1936 Choir sang with the Philadelphia Symphony Orpresented as a feature of the April general conchestra under the direction of Leopold Stokowski, ference. Concerts in the Hollywood Bowl August

May 5, Salt Lake Tabernacle. 20, and San Francisco Civic Auditorium August 21.

1937 Regular Sunday program broadcasted from the (Concluded on page 861)

;il H liil 111

$pg { I %pxi I;

+>XV% >i|f,. wj m:f. f. f.

NOVEMBER 1956 813 The Music Committee

by Tracy Y. Cannon

EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN

Three months after the organiza- Y. Cannon, Evan Stephens, George

tion of the Church a revelation D. Pyper, Horace G. Whitney, Lizzie

was given through Joseph Smith Thomas Edwards, Joseph Ballantyne, directing Emma Smith to Margaret Summerhays, and Jane R.

Crawford.... make a selection of sacred hymns, as

it shall be given thee, which is pleasing At the first meeting of this comunto me, to be had in my church; mittee, held September 28, 1920, the Tracy Y. Cannon

in the soul delighteth song of For my following excerpt from a letter from is the righteous the heart; yea, song ofthe

First Presidency the read: was it shall be answered prayer and unto me,a Cornwall, Frank J. Spencer W. Asper,

heads. their a blessing uponwith (D & C Mitchell, Alexander N. Lorenzo success in great Trusting you will have25:1112.)

developing the music forces of the Church Schreiner, and Leroy J. Robertson as

According to this revelation a selecand in carrying forward the organization of members of the executive commitin the committees music and stakes wards oftion and pubwas made hymns large, at one tee; and as members are, brethren, your as contemplated, we

that in in Kirtland, lished 1835. From of the auxrepresentative from each

Grant J. H. time on music has been an important HeberAnthon Lund iliary general boards. Carol H. Canpart of our Church program. Charles W. Penrose non is secretary of the committee,

Realizing the need of direction in and William M. Foxley is the comdeveloping the music potential of the After the death of Elder Ballard, mittee's fixed representative.

Church and keeping it in harmony the writer of this article was apIn carrying forward its assignment with the principles of the restored pointed chairman of the general to develop the music forces of the gospel, the First Presidency organized music committee, and he has served Church, the general music committee the general music committee, with as chairman and then as executive set up the following objectives: (1)

Elder Melvin J. Ballard as chairman chairman to the present time, with correlation of the music program of

and the following members: Anthony Elders Harold B. Lee, Spencer W. the Church, (2) advancement of con-

C. Lund, B. Cecil Gates, John J. Kimball, and Mark E. Petersen of gregational singing, (3) recommendaMcClellan, Edward P. Kimball, Tracy the Council of Twelve as advisers: (Continued on page 854)

GENERAL MUSIC

COMMITTEE

Left to right: J. Spencer Cornwall, Alexander

Schreiner, Carol H. Cannon, LeRoy J. Robertson,

Frank W. Asper, and Lester F. Hewlett. Seated,

Tracy Y. Cannon.

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Profiles of the General Authorities

of the Church

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY Council of the Twelve April 9, 1951; set February 12, 1908; president, Netherlands

12, apart April President 1951, set by Mission, David re- O. apart 7, 1913, November born September McKAY,DAVID OMAN McKay. turned 10, president, Eastern July 1916; at Huntsville, 1873, 8, Missions: Utah.

States (shortterm), Mission 1926 January Britain Great (Scotland), 1897Sep- August to born LEE, president, July March States 1926; Southern MisHAROLD BINGHAM president, Mission,tember European 1899;

at Clifton, 1899, 28, sion, set Idaho. Mission: apart West29, returned 1933, December 1924. 1922 to SusNovember December

States, ern 1920December 1922; November 1937. 23, Bishop, June Sugarhouse Ward astained a the of of the Council member president (Salt Pioneer (Salt Stake, City) Lake City), of Lake bishop 1919; June April 8,Twelve, 1906; apostle ordained an

of director 1930; October managing (California) Glendale Church 1930; July Ward,April 9, F. President 1906, Smith. Joseph by welfare since program sus1937; president January Stake, (California) Hollywood to the general ofAppointed the board

as of tained of the a Council April 1931. the member Sustained as Presiding Bishop,Deseret susSchool 1906; Sunday Union, April 6, apostle, 1941; April Twelve 6, set ordained 1938; an apart April 14, 1938, by as assistanttained second superintendent April 10, President 1941, by President Grant. Heber Grant. as Heber Sustained J. a J.of the Deseret School Sunday Union, Octoof the of the April Council member Twelve, first 6,ber 1906; sustained as assistant super1952. 6, apostle, born April Ordained SPENCER KIMBALL, 10, an WOOLLEYintendent in the Deseret School Sunday

28, Salt 1895, at City, March 1952, Lake President Utah. by David O. McKay. 4, AprilUnion, 1909; sustained as general Mission: States, Central to October 1914superintendent, Deseret School Sunday born DecemBENNION, SAMUEL ADAM 1917. President (AriMt. Graham 1918.Union, 27, Sustained November ber Taylorsville, 2, 1886, Utah. formal No Stake, as Januaryzona) sustained 1938; February as a in FirstSecond the Counselor Presidency call mission 1911in active but York New of the of Council the member Twelve Octo-

6, set 1934,October apart and October 11, 12, 192223. 1916, Chicago Berkeley Mem- 1, ber 1943; apostle, ordained an October 7, 1934, President by Grant; Heber sustained J. ber, general of 1915Schools, board Sunday 1943, President by Grant. Heber J.as in First Second Counselor the Presidency of superintendent 1953; schools, Church

set 1945, 21, that apart andMay day by 191927; sustained of the Council member born 4, August EZRA TAFT BENSON,President Albert George Smith. Sustained of the Twelve, April 6, 1953; ordained an 1899, Idaho. Whitney, Mission: Greatas of President the April 9, Church 1951, apostle, April 9, 1953, President by David Britain, 15, to 1921, July 2, 1923; November set April apartand 12, 1951, the Council by O. McKay. president of Mission, European Februaryof the Twelve, President Fielding Joseph

to 1946 president December 1946; Boise voice. beingSmith President dediborn 23, LOUIS March RICHARD EVANS, McKay Stake, president 27, December 1938; Washthe at Saltcated 1906, City. Swiss British Mission: September Temple Lake 11, 1955, ington (D. C.) Stake, 30, 1940; susJune the andand European; Los departed Angeles 5, 11, 1926, Temple, November March as tained of a the of Council the member

1, 1956. returned 1929. September served as Has

1, Twelve October 1943; apostle, ordained an "radio of voice"the of Crossroads the West

7, October 1943, President by Grant. Heber J. (Salt choir Lake Tabernacle 18, born L and organSTEPHEN RICHARDS, June

at since 1879, program) 1930. Utah. Mendon, general June Member, Member YMMIA born MARK PETERSEN, NoEDWARD general of board,board 19351948; April Deseret sustained as School Sunday Union,

7, at Salt 1900, vember City, Lake Utah. a of 1906; First as sustained the of assistant Council the member second general Seventy Mission: 13, Canada, to 1920, January Julysuperintendent, 7, 1938, October set apart, Deseret and School October 13, Sunday director, 7, 1922; Genealogical Society, Octo1938, by President AprilUnion, director, 4, 1909; apostle ordained Heber Grant; an J. ber 9, 1934; board, member, general Sunday of President F. Bureau Informationby Smith, Square, on Joseph Temple 17, January School, 1943. as Sustained a of member 1947. first as Sustained1917; sustained of assistant a the general superCoun- member the of the Council April 6, Twelve 1944; cil of theintendent of the 4, Twelve Deseret October ordained 1953; School Sunday ordained apostle, an April 20, 1944, by apostle, an 8, 1953, OctoberUnion 27, President 1918; November by sustained as President Grant. Heber President Vice J.First O. in First David the Counselor McKay. Presidency April Genealogical Society, 1953. 9, December set 1951;9, apart April 12, Presi1951, by

Februborn MORRIS, QUAYLE GEORGEdent David O. McKay. born MOYLE, HENRY DINWOODEY at 1874, Salt City. Missions: 20, ary Lake

Salt at April 1889, City, 22, Utah. Lake British, president, States, 18991902; Eastern born JR., CLARK,JOSHUA REUBEN to Switzerland Mission 1909 and Germany, 19481952. Salt Bishop, City FourLake 1, Grantsville, at 1871,September SusUtah. to president of 1912; Cottonwood (Utah) 191424, teenth Ward, member YMMIA Firsttained as in the Counselor Second Stake, 1927; 21, chairman, November Church 192448; general general board, YMMIA set 6,Presidency 1933, April apart and 1937. welfare program Sustained December 1948. superintendent October 1937October 7, PresidentApril 1933, Grant. by Heber J. as of the of the a Council Twelve, member as to Sustained Assistant the Council of ofSustained a the the Council member April 1947, Presiapostle ordained by an of apart, the set 5, 1951; October Twelve First inTwelve, the Counselor then and 10, Albert 1947. dent April George Smith, President 1951, 24, October David O. byFirst Presidency, 6, October 1934; ordained

Sustained of the as a member set apart and as First Counselor bornan apostle STAPLEY, DecemMcKay. DELBERT LEON

orApril 6, 1954; Council of the Twelve 11, ber 11, 1896, Arizona. 1934, Mission: at Mesa,October by President Heber J.

Grant. Sustained as First Counselor in the Southern States, April 9, 1915, to July 4, dained an apostle, April 8, 1954, by PresiFirst Presidency May 21, 1945, and set apart 1917. President Phoenix (Arizona) Stake dent David O. McKay.

that 7, 1941; region President December Smith. chairman Arizona George Albert day by

First as of PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCHSustained Sustained Church welfare. in the Second Counselor as member

Presidency April 9, 1951, and set apart the Council of the Twelve October 1950; ELDRED GEE SMITH, born January 9,

April 12, 1951, by President David O. ordained an apostle, October 5, 1950, by 1907, at Lehi, Utah. Mission: German,

McKay. President George Albert Smith. October 1926June 1929. Stake mission,

Liberty (Salt Lake City) Stake. Bishop,

born SepMARION GEORGE ROMNEY, Salt later City Twentieth Lake and Ward THE OF COUNCIL THE TWELVE at 19, 1897, tember Colonia Juarez, ChihuaSalt susCity Lake Twentieth North Ward;

born July SMITH, FIELDINGJOSEPH Mission: Austraila, Mexico. 19201923; to tained as Patriarch the April Church 6,

Salt1876, at City. Mission: Lake May19, hua,bishop, Salt Thirtythird City Lake Ward, set 1947; apart ordained 10, April and 1947,

Britain; 1901, 190110, Great1899June home of 193538; president (Salt Bonneville Lake President Albert George by Smith.

missionary, Salt Stake; Lake member Stake, City) sustained 1938; Assistant as an

board, 19031909; general appointedYMMIA to of the the 6, April Council Twelve, 1941; ASSISTANTS THE COUNCIL OF TOsecretary Society, Genealogical and director, set apart, 21, 1941, Grant; by Heber May THE TWELVE1907; assistant historian, April 1906; Church assistant director managing of welChurchJ.

appointed to general board of Religion fare plan; sustained as a member of the THOMAS EVANS McKAY, born October

Classes, 1909. Sustained as a member of Council of the Twelve October 6, 1951; or29, 1875, at Huntsville, Utah. Missions:

the Council of the Twelve April 6, 1910; dained an apostle, October 11, 1951, by Great Britain (but once in Europe he was

ordained an apostle, April 7, 1910, by PresiPresident David O. McKay. reassigned to labor with the German peodent Joseph F. Smith. Sustained as Church ple) August 1900September 1903; Swisshistorian, 1921. President of Genealogical LeGRAND RICHARDS, born February 6, German, January 19091911; president SwissSociety, 1934; president of Salt Lake Temple, 1886, at Farmington, Utah. Missions: German Mission, July 1937April 1940.

June 194551; sustained as President of the Netherlands Mission, April 15, 1905, to * (Continued on page 878)

NOVEMBER 1956 815 the

Christ

Child

is

Born!

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

—From a painting by Carlo Maratta

TheBut roadnow hadat lastbeenshelongand forherMary.hustion.up"forThethe ancestorspurpose ofof futureboth Josephtaxaluxurycould havefor hisaffordedyoung wife.such a great

band Joseph were nearing their and Mary lived in Bethlehem. Both This road from Galilee to Judea

of the great was crowded with memories for Mary.destination—the little town of Bethleof them were descendants

hem, high in the Judean hills. From king David. She had made a similar trip about

their home in Nazareth of Galilee, The long journey from Nazareth to nine months before to visit her cousin, about 87 miles to the north, they had Bethlehem in those days was hard Elisabeth. The great secret that

come because of an order of the enough for a person in good condiMary carried in her heart then was

Roman emperor, Caesar Augustus, tion to travel. But for a young almost more than she could contain.

"that all the world should be taxed."1 woman who was about to become a And how happy she was when she

It may seem strange to us that a mother, it must have been difficult reached her cousin's house and told carpenter from a village in the northindeed. Ordinarily the trip would her the wondrous news!

ern part of this country of Palestine have taken three or four long days, How could it be that she, a humshould be required to travel so far to but Mary and Joseph probably moved ble Jewish girl, was favored above all meet this obligation, but such was the more slowly than the other journeyers. the other women who had ever lived

Roman decree. Following Jewish Traveling by those of humble circumupon the earth? She, Mary, was to

custom, each individual was to go stances was nearly always by foot, be the mother of the Son of God!

"into his own city,"or the place although donkeys were owned by True, the Jews had long expected the where his family originated. Hissome of the more fortunate. Camels coming of a great king and prophet

torians generally agree that this "taxand horses were in wide use by armies among them, and Jewish girls were ing"was a registration or "signing and by men of means, but it is not taught that they should live so as to

Luke, article are from in this quotations XA11 the 1. likely that the carpenter of Nazareth be worthy to be the mother of the 1 Chapter Matthew, from Chapters and 2, and

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a son. This in itself was a MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRIST-V have

miraculous thing.

Messiah. Prophets had also said that Then came the wondrous anElisabeth had been married for

he would be a descendant of David, nouncement: "And, behold, thou many years and had never borne a

as was Mary. In spite of all this it shalt conceive in thy womb, and bring child, and now she was "old,"past

still did not seem possible that she forth a son, and shalt call his name the time when women give birth to really could be the chosen one. Jesus. children. The angel reminded the

She was probably very young, per- "He shall be great, and shall be wondering Mary that with God nothhaps still in her teens. And she was called the Son of the Highest: and ing is impossible.

from a family of humble circumthe Lord God shall give unto him The angel awaited a response from stances, living in an obscure village. the throne of his father David: the maiden. She surely knew that

there problems be would comand if country of the typical Their home, shall reign the over house he "And plications. Faithfulness to one's times, building a was and for ever; of his of kingdom and Jacob

a strict requirement. betrothed was side into divided two shall there end."low,sections—onesquare be no

for the family and the other for the Now although Mary was "esUnfaithfulnessishable by death.was sometimes puncattle.

poused"to Joseph, or in other words answer placed completeMary's her true: the angel Gabriel But it was wife, his taken to be vows had still ly in hands. God's unwavering With to glorious with her himself come had married. she asked not she was How,

said, faith she simdevotion and art "Hail, that saying, thou news, this be. thing the angel, could

ply, of the the "Behold handmaid is the with favoured, highly Lord thee: blessed art thou among women."Answering, the angel said: Lord; be it unto me according to thy

Naturally Mary was startled and "The Holy Ghost shall come upon word."

perhaps even frightened by the apthee, and the power of the Highest With this great secret in her heart pearance of this messenger, and she shall overshadow thee: therefore also she hastened to visit her cousin. Just

must have marveled at his words. To that holy thing that shall be born of where in Judea Elisabeth and her husput her at ease the angel said: "Fear thee shall be called the Son of God."band, Zacharias, lived we do not

not, Mary: for thou hast found favour Then Gabriel told Mary that her know, although many suppose it was

with God."cousin Elisabeth was also going to (Continued on page 834)

"THE ARRIVAL OF THE SHEPHERDS"by Henry LeRolle "And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there

was no room for them in the inn."(Luke 2:7.)

*!*& 817 There Were Jaredrfes

by Dr. Hugh Nibley

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

8 As in other "OUR OWN PEOPLE"a classicalAt least writera centuryrecountsbeforean Arthur,ancient himchastenedas hethe wicked.righted wrongs and

all the epic cultures the three tale of how one hero rode among all heroic societies, the queen was inOf friends considered in their long the tribes of Gaul scattering gifts with dependent and had her own palace, bookfilled discussions, the most such lavish hand that people followed which exactly paralleled the king's involved and interesting were those his wagon everywhere and elected in all its appointments and arrangehaving to do with our own ancestors. him king of all the tribes. 3 Since ments. 9

True, their records do not go back to generosity had to unite with prowess In numerous legends that tell how the third and fourth millennia B.C.; in war and noble blood to make kings, successive waves of invaders come to

yet they are closely related in race it is not surprising that the Celtic the islands, the invaders are always and language to people whose records mythological cycles are full of hordescribed as coming from the Great do go back that far; for example, the rible deeds of bloodshed and intrigues Plain to the East, the Land of the

Hittites and Hurrians seem to be most among the great houses. The most Living, and laying oppressive tribute

closely related to the Celts, whose interesting thing about these cycles on the inhabitants of the lands—the

truly epic civilization and heroic litis the way each great house or nation descendants of earlier invaders, deerature Chadwick has examined at is completely exterminated—with the manding a tribute of everything inlength. exception of one survivor—by the cluding children, to be paid on the

That scholar, however, is interested next great house or nation, and so on. night of Samhain feast: twothirds of

in giving us only the evidence found One of these lone survivors wandered all their produce had to be carried in the Celtic writings; a thousand through the world for fifty years, livyearly to Mag Cetne, the great shrine

years earlier classical writers describe ing on memories, "as in a fever at the exact center of the earth."10

the same Celtic heroic culture in far dream."4 These wars of exterminaThe king "gave privilege of refuge,

more clear and objective terms. One tion were carried out with ritual i.e., sanctuary, to the roads... leadneeds only recall the once familiar formality. ing to the cities and temples,"and

pictures from Caesar's Gallic Wars: Thus when the Tuatha De Danaan especially to the royal person, as in

Here we find great nations on the refused to halve all Ireland with the Persia. 11 In legend the royal estabmove, princely messengers of great Fir Bolg, their hero formally challishment is described as a great and

houses constantly coming and going lenged the strongest of the Fir Bolg fabulous tower that has contact with with propositions and challenges; beto meet him in single combat, while the other world. 1 - The great Merlin

trayals, plots, coalitions, and conjurathe two armies met at Mag Tured describes the taking over of the land tions are the order of the cay; vast and agreed to spend one hundred in terms that might have been taken

masses of humanity with all their days preparing for battle. For the right out of the Pyramid Texts, when

furniture and arms piled on lumberbattle "it was agreed that there he tells how under "the favor of the ing wagons pour through the passes should be no general engagement but Thunderer... the seats of the blessed

of the mountains and inundate the that an equal number of warriors shall be renewed throughout the plains. should go out and fight each day!"5 lands, and shepherds shall be set in

For the classical writers the Celts Among all the Celts we meet the places befitting."13

are the people who are constantly story of the two brothers who fight a It all seems to be right out of the moving about in their painted wagduel in which the winner becomes Egyptian or Babylonian epics, and ons. In prehistoric times the Latin sole ruler of the land. The kinghero indeed scholars have long since and

language borrowed from the Celts a of the Celts is a "curious mixture of often pointed out the extremely close vocabulary "drawn chiefly from the cruelty and paternity."6 resemblances between the Celtic epic

following semantic categories: riding, A good king would "do what the literature, especially the Grail saga,

driving, warfare, clothing, and social men of Byrgwin held best, giving of and the Babylonian and Egyptian hierarchy: common Roman words for food and drink to everyone who legends and rituals. 14

serf, and our own word ambassador came..."while a bad king "makes

(Ger. Amt: official office) are taken a progress Vound Ireland, demanding W/ho AS A child has not stood befrom the Celts."1 It was strictly a the wives and treasures of his hosts,""tween two mirrors and seen his

heroic vocabulary. The greatest of who are honor bound to receive him image repeated with perfect accuracy

all Celtic heroes, King Arthur, built since, like Arthur's knights, they but diminishing brightness into green up his body of knightly followers by have all taken mighty oaths to the and mysterious depths where "nothgifts and grants, and "was so prodigal king. 7 We have the picture from ing is but what is not"? The eerie

of his bounties that he began to run Joinville of St. Louis as king, going and disturbing quality of such an

short of things to distribute among about from place to place in royal experience is the nearest thing to what the huge multitude of knights that progress and sitting under the oak, at one feels in reading the Germanic came to him."2 which time anyone could approach epics and the Norse sagas. Most

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sagas of the North must be interlenged the lot as usurpers and into a time when Attila "collected the preted on a number of different time vaders. 18 children of princes from the lands of

levels at once. The minstrels of what Othinn is in legend the Wild all the lords and kept them as hostages

the Germans call the "High"MidHuntsman, who leads the terrible at his court, from which they were dle Ages, themselves living in the host through the sky. The peasantry always trying to escape."23 This rocompletely heroic world of courts and dread him as a warrior and a wanmantic theme was more than poets'

camps, sang the deeds of Richard and derer in the earth; 19 sometimes he fancy: the Roman ambassador Priscus

Taillefer in romtantic times gone by. comes traveling in disguise to spy out who visited the court of Attila had a

But Taillefer had led the charge at the land, coming in a great raincoat good deal to say about these hostages.

Hastings as he "with a loud voice and floppy hat with a staff and a As to the sordid and bloody afanimated his countrymen with songs patch over his eye—for he has literalfairs between the princely houses,

in praise of Charlemange and Roly given his right eye for knowledge Schneider says, "There is nothing land."15 Charlemagne and Roland in and power. As the god of runes he fictitious about this wickedness; it

turn, like the heroes of the saga time brings writing with him, and magic, makes the thoroughly convincing imthat followed them, had listened to and hidden knowledge, and autopression of having been actually exthe hero tales not of their own age cratic rule. perienced... the Asiatic tyranny is

but of a totally different age of migra- "There is something eery and real."And another authority writes:

tion 500 years earlier. treacherous"about him, we are told, "We believe that the actual experiBut the Germanic heroic tradition that suggests "the autocratic daring ences of the Heroic Age often enough

does not even begin with Attila and adventurer."The people do not love found expression in the tragic view of

Ermanrich, for there is evidence of him: he is their father and their life (Weltbild). Much noble blood

a still older Frankish heroic tradition, ruler, but just the same they dread was shed, brave nations vanishedand a Gothic one before that, while him—"they are afraid of his intelwithout a trace after performing

the oldest of the Scandinavian sagas lectual superiority and aristocratic mighty deeds, the foundations of emphatically refers everything back daring."No popular oath or prayer great empires collapsed, the noble

to Troy! 16 Every time our northern of the many that have survived is had to perish and the base to triancestors have found themselves livever dedicated to him: The common umph."

ing under heroic conditions of migrapeople dread and avoid him. 20 Even the fabulous story of Siegfried

tion and world upheaval, they have When Othinn enters the land as and Brunhilda, we are told, "could revived an authentic heroic literature, an invader, he finds Thor, Frey, and come right out of a typical Merovingbut always they have taken as their Njord already in occupation: They ian chronicle, in which the deadly

subject not the deeds of their own invaded earlier, and have now settled hatreds among the royal ladies, the age but some preceding migrationdown to become homebodies and slaying of each other's vassals, treachtime. But the heroic songs of those popular gods. But a closer examinaerous ambushes on the hunts, and so

earlier times went back to still other tion has shown that originally they forth, are so richly attested."24 It is

migrations, and so on. Hence the too all did exactly as Othinn is doing. not history, indeed, but it is "a snapbedizening impression of duplication Tyr, for example, goes back to an shot of the real contemporary world

and repetition and the sense of being IndoEuropean expansion time at of the Franks."24 And way back in

lost in a maze of time or a hall of least a thousand years before Othinn's Tacitus we still find it: the inherited

mirrors. day. "As Zio he is identical with Zeus feuds between the great houses, the

Let us go back to the earliest of as director of wars...."His sign, riotous banquets, the fighting, gamthe old Norse texts, the prose Edda, like Othinn's, was the spear, and "if bling, and bloody vows.

and take a look at Othinn, the great Getic, Scythian and Gothic tradiSince the writer has read sagas at prototype of the first kings. 17 He tions meet anywhere, "it is in the least once a week for thirty years, he

comes with the storm, especially in a worship of his spear, which led the is sorely tempted to exploit the vastprehistoric as migrantsterrible wind, and his spear whatever field. this of neglected the staff of ness But since

21 led Israel. once ator rod is is instantly pointed dediMoses of progress the education the with

catedEinherja—theto destruction;great destroyer;he is the archhe is figureThe offascinatingOthinn, thatandremindsfrighteningus so books,comic bookwe musthas besupersededcontent toallpresentother

the Sigfadhir, evervictorious, who strongly of the prehistoric kings of the epic world of but one representahaving subdued the land builds his Egypt and Babylonia of whom we tive saga. It is the Thithrikssaga af

castle, Sigtun, the victory fort, where have said so much, is no invention Bern, a truly gigantic piece and "a he can sit in a high tower on his high of scaldic fancy, however. There great storehouse of Germanic legend,

seat, the HUthskialf, and through a actually were such men, and one of though in a new style imitated from special window survey all that goes them was Attila the Hun, the hero of French romance, but recording old on in the earth. At the slightest sign half the Germanic epics and the viltradition...,"25 The great hero of

of disaffection his arrows dart forth lain of the other half. For the Franks, this saga is not Theodoric the Goth,

to overcome the most distant opposiAttila is the treacherous tyrant, "pure as we might expect, but Attila. And

tion in an instant. His rule was won 'Asiatic,'"while "for the Bavarians it is the real historical Attila. In the

by force and is maintained by force, and Ostrogoths he is the model of Thithrikssaga, Europe is described as Loki once reminded the gods when the benevolent protector."22 as an appendage of Asia—and that

in their cups at a great feast he chalThe earliest German epics go back (Continued on page 857)

NOVEMBER 1956 819 C$>o 0*60 0tft><%0

From The Improvement Era, l:826ff.MAN

istence with God in another world; strength of that intelligence and nothat God is the father of their spirits, bility to which their spirits had

2 firstborn. bein the Christ being attained the heavenly Jesus kingdomand the tangible fore one; it bodies took That existence they was a upon earth.

involved the realities of life in the Their grandeur of soul could not all heavenly kingdom. Each spirit there be suppressed by environment in this

was as much an entity as each man life, however inauspicious for theirGOSPEL. is in this present life. Each spirit development. As the sun struggles

there had its agency as each man has through clouds and mists that at it here; and was at liberty to take times obscure his brightness, so these

that course he elected to pursue. 3 "At spirits, stirred by their innate nobility, Qs the first organization in heaven,"says breaking through all disadvantages

the prophet, "we were all present, and attendant upon ignoble birth and iron saw the Savior chosen and appointed, fortune, rise to their native heights by B. H. Roberts. and the plan of salvation made, and of true greatness.

we sanctioned it."If a wider survey be taken of manFORMERLY EDITOR Some spirits went so far in the exerkind, and, those advantages and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cise of their agency as to rebel against disadvantages under which whole

God. Lucifer, the Son of the Morngenerations, nations, and races of men

ing, did so, and drew away with him have lived be taken into account; if

onethird of the hosts of heaven; and the fact of their preexistence be conEXT IN IMPORTANCE tO they became the devil and his angels. 4 sidered in connection with that other

what the Church teaches This is not only the teaching of Joseph fact that the spirits of men before about God is what she Smith, but also of the Bible. 5 coming to this earth were of unequal

teaches in regard to man. One thing, however, Joseph Smith intelligence and of every degree of

if it be remembered that inNext to God man certainly is the taught which, as far as I know, the nobility;

most important thing in the universe; Bible does not teach, viz., that the that preexistent state all spirits had

for whether we view him from the spirits of men in their preexistent a free agency, and that they there standpoint of his relationship to estate attained unto a variety of demanifested all degrees of fidelity to other animals, the beauty and majesty grees of intelligence and nobility of truth and righteousness, from those of his physical organism, the sucharacter. In the book of Abraham it who were valiant for the right to those

it, andperiority of his intellectual endowis written: who were utterly untrue to

ments or the sublimity of his spiritual rebelled against God; if it be further

aspirations, something will be found Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraremembered that doubtless in this in each that argues for him a special ham, the intelligences that were organized earth life these spirits are rewarded all these before and was; the world among for their also willplace in the universe, and

great of the there noble and were many that belief preexistent thefurnish grounds for good faithfulnessstate—ifand diligenceall this, inI ones;

that a special relationship exists beAnd God saw these souls that they were say, be considered, much that has tween him and Deity. good, and he stood in the midst of them, perplexed many noble minds in their

The distinction given to man above and he said: These I will make my rulers, effort to reconcile the varied circumall other known creatures might well for... heandstoodhe amongsaid untothoseme:thatAbraham,were spirits,thou stances under which men have lived

lead the Psalmist, when addressing art one of them; thou wast chosen before with the justice and mercy of God,

himself to God, to say: thou wast born.6 will disappear.

The doctrine of the preexistence What is man, that thou art mindful of This doctrine throws a wonderful of spirits, relation as also their of sonvisitest that thou of the son man, andhim? light upon the being and nature of

little lower hast a is thou him Forhim? made ship to Deity, a all doubt beypnd

than the angels, and Hast crowned him with man. Notwithstanding the great inscriptural doctrine; but it seems to

of environparentage to fluence and honour.glory madest him and Thou

of for the reserved have been Church of thy hands; over the workshave dominion light of character, in the ment upon

1 Saints Christ of Latterday Jesus feet. all his hast things put underthou this doctrine, we may understand how

clearto give teaching her through

The question of the Psalmist, "what it is that in spite of indifferent parentness and force to it. The Fatherhood

is man?"is answered by the Church age and vicious environment some of God, and its necessary corollary,

"The son of God"; and this explains characters arise that are truly virtuthe brotherhood of man, are trite

why it is that God is mindful of him. ous and great; and that purely by the phrases much in fashion in these

Sec. 93. & 2D G Prophet taught Smith Joseph isThe days; questionable but it modern

93:2931. & C

spirits beforethat the they 3D of men to the conveyed if they have minds of 29:3638, also Pearl of Great Price, Abra- *D & C

3:2728.tabernacled in the flesh had an exham

sSee Rev. 12:7-12. II Peter 2:4. Jude 6. men any definite ideas of the actual

iPsalms 8:4-6. "Pearl of Great Price, Abraham 3:2223. relationship of father and son exist820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

09 6$

ing between man and Deity. In the 'T'he atonement of Jesus Christ afmouths of sectarians the phrases un- -*- fects man in two ways: generally

der discussion have always been emand individually.

ployed to express some mystic or By affecting him generally I mean indefinite relationship not clearly exthat the atonement of Jesus Christ plained or explainable. It was reredeems all men from the conseserved, I repeat, for the great modern quences of Adam's transgression, inprophet to give these phrases reality. dependent of any action on their

He declared the relationship to be as part; for it is evident that in the transreal as that existing between any gression of Adam the individual

father and son on earth; that man's agency of man was not a factor; and

spirit was actually the offspring of therefore justice has no claim in visitDeity—"A spark struck from his own ing penalties upon the individual for

eternal blaze."With him the Fathersins committed by Adam; and though

hood of God and the brotherhood of Brigham H. Roberts death, which was the penalty visited

man were not mere abstractions more upon Adam and his race in conseor less beautiful, but a reality. The everlasting perpetuation of life in that quences of his transgression, falls upon

words taught by the Savior of men to degree of glory suited to the developall men, still free redemption is prohis disciples as the proper mode of ment attained by each individual—vided in the atonement of Jesusaddress to Deity—"Our Father which every man being judged according Christ; and the advantages that ac-

9 That future existence crue to man in this present existenceart in heaven"—are not meaningless to his works.

verbiage, but express true relationis to be accompanied by every possiabundantly compensate him for his ship of man and God. ble means of advancement along the temporary subjection to the power of

This teaching of the Church receives lines of intellectual, moral, and spirdeath.

support from the language of Paul in itual progression, ascending step by The free redemption from the conhis discourse to the Greeks in Mars'step through various degrees of desequences of Adam's transgression hill, where he approvingly quoted the velopment, of honor, of glory, of through the atonement of Jesuswords of the Greek poet Aratus—"As power toward God, until at the last Christ is clearly sustained by the

of alsocertain poets have your own all evil of authority great he says: and embodying Paul when 7 overcoming

alsosaid, are his offspring."for we sit death, with Jesus all good, they by "For came since by down man

"Forasmuch then,"he continues, "as in his throne, as he overcame and man came also the resurrection of we are the offspring of God, we ought sat down with his father in his the dead. For as in Adam all die,

not to think that the Godhead is like th:rone. 10 even so in Christ shall all be made

11 silver, stone, or or gold, gravenunto alive."in conagain says he And to respect in these views man With 8 art device."man's andby the sublong a cluding argument on regards future, the Church past and

to of the future the As Church man ject, of offence as the "Therefore by proas a merely existence present the literal resurrection theteaches from all to one judgment upon came men exthat acquires bation where man is, after the reunion thatthe dead; rightso the even condemnation; by that gains knowledge perience and spirit of the body. the anddeath gift free of the eousness came one

12And from thenceforward she teaches which shall prepare him for the future upon all men to justification of life."

state of development and glory which Hence the Church teaches in her artiTollowing, in part, is the poem:

voice mortal Zeus no"With begin we—let awaits him, if in this life he fulfils cles of faith: fills unpraised. the hauntsLeave Zeus Zeus of men

fills sea, the the shores, the object of his mission to earth.The marts—Zeus

live Zeus. in whereThe we We believe that all men will be punished too. to Friendly streets,harbors—everyhis offspringthe man,We are

gives sets prognostics;He men to their toil pronouncement no however, for makes Church, their own sins, and not for Adam's he

of etc."daily bread; needBy enlightened, those of fate once the concerning who transgression. 17:2829. 8Acts gift, heavenly the and been made tasted having and

partakers of the Holy Ghost, the good word of God, world of the powers and the altogether It follows as a literal sequence of thus to come—turncrucify to themselves the truth, from and away

afresh, to and put him the Son of God an open these doctrines that if man himself so 6:4-6). characters such Concerning (Heb. An shame

Improvement becomewho, by Sonstheir greatof Perdition,sin of highthetreasonteachingagainstof God,the lives that he commits no sin, the reERA exceptChurch thoseis thatsonsGod of"savesperditionall thewhoworksdenyof histhehands,Son demption wrought out by Jesus Christ after the Father has revealed him. Wherefore he would be allsufficient without reall shall everinto saves except go away them—they or * * other * the pentance works on any their dieth lasting where punishment, worm iXhir JruliN 1

is fire their not not, quenched, the which and his to insure part complete of man thereof, place the neither isend the torment—And

thereof, their neither torment, knows, was no nor man all salvation. die in Therefore who is, will it revealed neither revealed, neither unto be

are partakers except to thereof; man, them who made a state of innocence (this includes

I, it Nevertheless, Lord, the unto show by vision many, but straightway shut it up again, Wherefore, surely all who die in infancy) are the end, the width, the height, the depth, and thereof, not, they understand neither any ui 15:2122. Cor. except are ordained to this them miseryman condemnawho

5:18. MRom. 76:4348.) tion."(D & C Sec.

iRev. 3:21. (Continued on following page)

NOVEMBER 1956 821 Man and the Gospel the human weakness still remains, human inclination to sin still drives (Continued from preceding page) of this conclusion may be more clearly man on toward error, and his impercompletely redeemed and saved in seen when it is looked at from the fect judgment is not sufficient to guide the kingdom of God. negative side, and the questions asked: him aright; his human strength alone

is not sufficient to make him equal By the atonement of Jesus Christ Why is it that the atheist does not affecting men individually, mentioned come to God? Why is it that he to the task of living in harmony with

above, I mean that the Church does not repent of sin in response to the divine law. God knew this would

teaches that through the Messiah's the commandment of Jesus Christ? be the condition of man and hence

suffering and atonement the way was Why is he not baptized for the remisprovided in his gospel even a better opened for salvation from the consesion of his sins? In each case the anbaptism than that in water, the bapquences of man's individual sins by swer is because he does not believe in tism of the Holy Ghost; by which

absolute obedience to conditions prethe existence of God or that Jesus man's life is brought in touch with scribed in the gospel of the Lord Jesus was the son of God, and hence he the life of God, and some of God's

Christ. Hence the Church teaches does not account himself under oblistrength imparted to him by reason

that: gation to yield obedience to the laws of which he may hope to overcome

of salvation prescribed by them. the world, the flesh, and the devil.

of Christ, all the Atonement Through of in the receives companionship first princiHe is the therefore, Faith, saved, to obedience be bymankind may of the privilege the and Holy Ghost, necessity, beple of the gospel from gospel. the of ordinancesthe laws and

cause of the nature of the thing itself. perpetually walking within the circle

And she teaches that the principles It is the incentive to all rational acof his influence, an unction from the to be accepted and the ordinances to tion, and by reason of that becomes Holy One, by which he may know all be obeyed are, first, faith in God the the foundation of all righteousness, things, an anointing which, if it

Father, in the Lord Jesus Christ, and and the first principle of revealed abide upon him, will teach him all in the Holy Ghost; second, repentance religion. things. 13 Under this companionship

of sin, which is contrite sorrow for Faith in God once established it is and its influence man begins the work sin, leading to a resolution for the not difficult to convince men that of character building, which at the future to forsake it; third, baptism by they have lived in violation of the last shall prepare him to dwell with

immersion, which represents the righteous laws of God; that they have God. It is not an easy task nor one

burial of the Lord Jesus Christ and trampled under their feet the rightthat can be completed instantaneoushis resurrection to a newness of life eousness commanded in the law of ly. It means constant watching,

and is accompanied by forgiveness of heaven; and as a result of this confervent prayer, the practice of selfre-

sin; fourth, the reception of the Holy viction of sin, sorrow takes hold of straint, the purging out of iniquity,

Ghost through the laying on of hands, them and leads them unto repentand grafting in of virtues; it means

by which to men is imparted the ance, the full fruition of which is a learning line upon line, precept upon power to walk within the circle of reformation of life. precept, acquiring of virtue here a

the influence of the Holy Ghost, and No sooner does sorrow for sin take little, and there a little, and so on to have access to him as the Man of hold of one than he desires forgiveness through all the years of man's life their Counsel, Comforter, Companof past offenses. Many times in the and continues in eternity we know

ion, and Guide. midst of his groanings over sins he not how long; but certainly until all

That the order of these principles says in his heart: "I would give five, unworthiness, under the help of God,

and ordinances of the gospel is in ten, or twenty years of my life, or is purged out; and all which makes

strict accord with the scriptures has life itself, if such and such an act for truth, for righteousness, for holibeen so frequently demonstrated in could only be obliterated and beness, is brought in; and the whole

our literature that I do not undercome as if it never had been; or if it man through the grace of God coutake in this writing to point out that could be forgiven so that there could pled with his own desires and selffact, but I wish to call attention to be reconciliation between me and effort is made fit for the heavenly

the reasonableness and logical order God, between me and my conscience; kingdom.

feel sense of that again that exist in this presentation of the that I might is plan of salvaeasy not an HPhisgospel.

I I before innocence which knew is, with tion, compared that when

FVith is not regarded by us as the plunged into wrongdoing. These are some theologies which define the

* first principle of the gospel bethe natural longings of the human scheme of man's redemption from his cause of any arbitrary arrangement heart when the spirit of repentance fallen state; but it is the easiest in

but because of the nature of the thing takes possession of it, and the gospel reality, for the reason that it is the itself. "He that cometh to God must of Jesus Christ in the logical sequence only true gospel, and is the plan debelieve that he is"(that is, that he of its teaching rises to meet this convised in heaven for man's salvation,

exists), is the language of Paul; and dition and tells the sinner that though and the one which all men must at

the truth of his words is selfevident: his sins be as scarlet yet, since he has the last accept, for there is no other.

for if men do not believe in the exfaith in God and sincere sorrow for This is the everlasting gospel, the istence of God, it is very evident that his sins, by baptism in water, in the same through all ages and dispensathey will not consider themselves unname of the Holy Trinity, his sins tions. Those who have lived on the

der obligation to be obedient to him, may be washed white as wool—the earth in periods of time when this

and without obedience to God no past forgiven, and reconciliation with gospel was not taught and divine auprogress whatsoever can be made toGod effected. 13I John 2:2027.

wards man's salvation. The strength But after forgiveness of past sins (Concluded on page 865)

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To Walk Uprightly

by Christie Lund Coles

Marie sat in the cool chapel remembering how the superintendent of the Sunday School had come up to her last week as she walked out.

He had smiled his genial, loved smile and said, "I think it is about time you started teaching Sunday

School."She had laughed, asking, "You do?

Why?"He had grown more serious then, telling her, "We were mentioning your name in officers'meeting. We

really do think that you would do a fine job in the Junior Sunday School.

And we need someone. Would you

consider it?"

She shrugged slightly, saying, vertibleShe sawon thethe othersmartsidetwotonedof the street.con-

"Mother has always taught me to say Debbie and the two men... were

yes when I'm asked to do somesitting in the convertible seat laughing 15)thing.can I suppose I will. That is, if and talking.

"We don't have any doubt about that. We will get the manual to youand maybe you can start next week. father told her, a bit selfconsciously, birthday party—with several friends

The class is the sixyear-olds."yet with deep sincerity. there for dinner—had been wonderShe had walked home happily, her Now, as she remembered the week ful, with singing and kidding, and

navy box suit jacket swinging as she that had passed, the words came gifts. Then, on Saturday, Debbie, a

moved, her high heels making a back to her vividly. She was only friend she had not seen for three

pleasant sound on the cement. She half hearing the teacher in monthly years, came to town and called her.

told her parents as they sat down to preparation meeting although she Marie invited her to dinner and she eat the dinner her mother had preknew what she was saying. She knew came, beautiful and smiling.

that little ones to reach the at she the way Yet Marie was amazed how salad, the nightpared before—potato patience, kindness, through light hair changed. Her had and had pie was tomatoes,cold roast, and lemon

and they were both pleased. a soft, soft voice that made them want been further lightened by a rinse or

to be quiet, to listen. She knew that bleach; her eyes were made up; and

"Seems no time at all since you just teaching them this morning, lisshe wore too much lipstick. It

her father category,"in thatwere little to the things still tening they to had strange Marie, to seemed who little his napkin. "Oursaid, opening their their parprayers say about and a face just scrubbed her used and

girl has certainly grown up."ents, was one of the sweetest experitouch of color on her lips.

"I'll soon be of age,"she assured ences of her life. She had always Debbie didn't have much to say

them, "then I can do anything I loved children. Even when she was to her parents, but she told Marie

please."Her eyes twinkled as she small herself, she was always motherabout the fun she had on her vacaadded, "Eighteen next Thursday."ing them. tion, of all the things there were to

"Just be sure that what you please And this morning they had all see and do. Marie's own days seemed

is right,"her mother said, smiling. seemed to love her as they argued colorless by comparison.

"Naturally, it will be,"Marie which should sit by her, asked her When the girl was ready to leave, agreed, passing her plate for a secto hold their handkies, and told her she drew Marie onto the porch to ond helping. that she was pretty. whisper, "Listen, kid, there are a cou-

"Always walk uprightly,"her It had been a happy week. The (Continued on page 864)

NOVEMBER 1956 823 HEADQUARTERS

Sw*- >

the WHY THE KING < 1 PresidentJAMESJ. ReubenVERSIONClark, Jr. ARCHAEOLOGY In his masterful, easyto-

style, President Clark AND THE readexplains the why BOOK OF MORMON James Version of the BibleKing

Milton R. Hunter is the translation accepted

by the In Church. LDS

relates President excitHunter this, doing offers he the his ing experiences tours on of of views the best scholars Mexico and Central America.

Everywhere he saw evidences and authorities on the that parallel of Book Mormon subject, answers and many scriptures Indians in the questions raised on the extreme:southernwhite jungles of

Mexico; paintings on ancient revised versions. $4.75

> templeand darkwallspeoplewith representedboth white statues and paintings of a "Whitebearded God"that re*- sembled Christ in both Mexico and Central America, and many other highly interesting findings. Illustrated with scores of

beautiful photographs in both color and black and white. $4.50

HOME MEMORIES OF

PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

Compiled and written by Dr. Llewelyn R. McKay

This book tells the story of President David 0. McKay's

early life—his home in Huntsville; his love for his.

parents and brothers and sisters. It relates many experiences he enjoyed as a teacher of youth; as a member of the Quorum of the Twelve and the First Presidency, and finally as President of the Church. Also

included in this personal account are his "world tour"notes, along with personal poems and tributes. $3.75

CHERISHED EXPERIENCES

From the Writings of David O. McKay

Compiled by Clare Middlemiss

Inspiring experiences of a personal and spiritual nature are shared by President McKay with Saints everywhere in this outstanding book, which reveals this eminent leader's deep sensitivity to life and profound understanding of the Restored Gospel. $3.00

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the best place to bu ALt Church Books

OUR LORD OF WHERE IS THE GOSPELS President WISDOM? 1

of Addresses From J. Reuben Jr. Clark,

L Richards Stephen Excellent for study and THE PRESIDENTS teaching is purposes this This adcontains book harmony of all the events in dresses excerpts and from THE OF CHURCH the of Jesus as in found speeches given Presiby Preston the Nibley Fourlife Gospels of the King dent Richards Stephen L James version and Third Contains the essence of capture biographies which in Nephi the Book of Morspirit of author's the and all nine presgreat - mon $5.00 reader to bring the a idents of the sw 155. LDS keen the sense of meaning and purpose behind Church—from 1830 to

its Church, the LDS 1956. possiWherever

doctrines. and its ble, direct quotes have $3.50 \w-*s/ leaders,

been made from the RfcY* lustrated.leaders themselves.$4.00,Il-

// "... I THEE WED

Dr. Rex A. Skidmore

Dr. Skidmore points the way

maritaltoward happiness in A LOOK AT MORMONISM7.

an uncertain world, and ofrtoi Compiled by Benjamin Alward fers helpful suggestions on 375 picturesque black and to stretch in dollars thehow P\ white photographs highhousehold to budget and how lighting achievements ofget chilbetter along with the Church its and people.dren. is filled Each page Every department of the interesting trueto-lifewith is Church represented inexamples. especially Written attractive pictures, includfor this wives, husbands and ing Church members who willbook gift. ideal an make REX A. have achieved both na-

$2.00 tional and international

prominence. This modern

approach will hold readers'interest from first page to last, and give them up - to - the - minute views of the Church throughout the world. Size

7% x 10%. $4.00

Visit the new Deseret Book for a complete selection of Christmas gifts and greeting cards.

Official publishers to the THE TEMPLE

L.D.S. Church. LETTERS

Claude Richards This book offers a wealth of background material, taken from the writings of General Authorities, on the purpose '"""Iiili of temples, on temple work ill lllltll for the dead, and the on satisfaction and personal glory that comes through temple illuswork. Fully Co. DesoutiiltBooh trated. $2.75

-***.... 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah

W/mnuiHlAlm NOVEMBER 1956 825 1 $5QUARTERS

MAN, HIS ORIGIN AND DESTINY 11. Joseph Fielding Smith

discoverrecent scientific the world, DOCTRINES OF Withies electrifying highly timely and has a In message. SALVATION booksignificant this

controverof confusing, physical, Vol. I, II, HI midstsial scientific, the and

Compiled by philosophical theories, it shows

Bruce R. McConkie howtrue, theeternal,gospelandmessagefulfilling.remainsA

in reading experience wonderful of material A wealth! $4.00 searchers of truth and for the writings from

discourses of President Joseph Fielding Smith is contained in these volumes. A large part

of it is new material, taken from his personal correspondence.

$3.25 each FAITH OF OUR; PIONEER FATHERS

Bryant S. Hinckley

A wonderful anthology with twentytwo stories 13. taken from the lives of

THE KINGDOM Prophetsuch greatJosephleaders asSmith,the

OF GOD Taylor,Brigham LorenzoYoung, JohnSnow,

RESTORED George Albert Smith, Carter E. Grant David 0. McKay, and

others. story conEach

information concerning New a fullpage photoestablishment of the of LDSthe tainsgraph the leader in the early porChurch days makes this book invaluable in the study trayed. $3.00

of history history. This Church reads with all the fascination m

of novel, a and appeal. has wide

It the spans years early &9,we4VSS38 from pioneer days in Pennsylvania to the present administration of

President David O. McKay. $4.00

*??:-Z-x-:*:-v:-K'--:}y&. y:::tmmM TO LOVE AND / eMm Wm TO CHERISH

fix*:-<':--xg:t*;wfc:,:. Emma Marr Petersen lM /

K. A stirring story of a:/

and man woman who r*<i'*-r:;<5

:y yy.-yyyy-yy.-: yyyy OUR PROPHETS AND fail to abide the mar-.::.v.x.:;,s..;:..:,,:.:,,. riage covenant, of and PRINCIPLES '<<: '<<>'-.,

the heartbreak and sufPublished Instructor,"by "The x. tty\y:'yfy:.y:Xyi:.'::>.'.::'.>::. 'fering that %:": follows. the School Sunday Magazine.'...yyyyyiyy.:'/,; ''.'>''.:''.:< This timely apEnlightening discussions o n proaches a "Articles of of Faith"the modernstory each

given problem are by with members insight

Presidency First and Quorumof the...;-.-jv*:.::-.:yyyy.. and understanding mzr. of of Twelve, with a summary offers a reading. ex- -.-.:-;-:-.-::- articles in these action by made

,.-:->...x-i-x-x-.'v:-.-:.<:;-::-;; ':<:::'-:-:;:<.*.:::<::::-::>:: >::::-:;:v-.-x-;>-: perience long to included President Also rebe McKay.

biographical of sketches each of;#<< membered. $2.00 the prophets, prophets yyyyyyyyyyy-y yyyyyyyyy:.:::.:::::;::: yyy.,yyyy-!&..

'of the other Church, and ancientLDS y.. 'yyy ''". yyy::::yMAiyy;.:::>:.:,y yyyyyyy y; yy.yyyyyyyyy;yy...: contributions. $2.50 valuable

.:::; mm<:.:,:-<:::/.::::: WyWMMM.yyyy:::: **M \ n <yy- m. Hi

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SKSCORCH BOOK*

17. PROPHECY AND

ISRAELI MODERN TIMES DO YOU KNOW? W. Cleon Skousen

LeGrand Richards Latter - day prophecies

The promises made to are discussed with inthe House of Judah by sight and understandeasy- in a pleasant, ing related are Lord the style. Today - read insight and to deep with

compared with timely and the future are rehappenings in this outvealed in the prophstanding book. Here, in ecies concerning the

printed work, you beMillennium, the Second come aware of the Coming of Christ, actual fulfilment of anAmerica and Palestine, cient prophecies. $2.00 and others. $1.75

I

PjtW YOUTH, LOVE AND MARRIAGE Dr. Rex A. Skidmore

Many perplexing quesTHE GOSPEL tions that trouble

TEACHINGS IN THE youth, such as developfriendships, ing dating, OF MORMON BOOK courtship, and adequate L. Marler Ezra |||||| /v/: preparation for marpocketbook-size is second the This riage are discussed by of Mormon Book the of member ifttM '- Gospel the with deals It Dr. Skidmore. Trilogy. This

of Mormon Book in the teachings is excellent book an form. subject in classifies them and gift for or young can men one so is indexed book The

on quotations girls in their of 'teens find or Mormon Book easily. and quickly subjects various early twenties are who aid helpful very A seeking maturity and of Mormon in Book

teaching or in happiness. $2.75

speech preparation.

$1.00 CHRIST IN THE BOOK OF MORMON Ezra L. Marler

21. Visit the new Deseret Book for a comSTORIES HISTORY AND plete selection of Christmas gifts and w m IN THE greeting cards.

BOOK OF MORMON Ezra L. Marler?;'/*

:-*i-:::::::'i

::v;: Official publishers to x.:vmm

the L. D. S. Church

22. niiiiiTTi

MOTHERHOOD, Ijlllll 111 A PARTNERSHIP I111

WITH GOD 'mm.m Compiled by DescrPtfesBooh Co.

Harold Lundsrrom 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah -

This inspiring book demands reading by every wife and mother. It contains the

words of the General Authorities and choice editorials

Relief from the Society m* Magazine and The Children's

Friend which deal with chastity, how to dress to con- 4.:

form to LDS standards, courtship and marriage, wifehood, responsibilities of motherhood, and many other pertinent topics. $3.50

NOVEMBER 1956 827 afl

BRIGHAM YOUNG

A great new biography by Olive Burt

A rare combination of adventure and religious inspiration = # highlights this -colorful new biography on Brigham Young.

All ages from 12 years up will enjoy the easy, readable style of writing that gives a clear, concise picture of

Brigham Young's boyhood and his mature years as leader, organizer, and empirebuilder. $2.95

': 'S

*s* -* LITTLE STEPPING 25. STONES Gertsch Lucy Thomson CHILD'S STORY THE OF ten There are characterPEARL OF PRICE GREAT building stories children for in M this colorful beautibook, Deta Petersen Neeley fully illustrated Erla by Stories the from Pearl of Great Price as Young. Virtues such are presented in easyto-read dramatic

honesty, the Sabkeeping narrative, following pageby-page the reliability, bath, others and original text. Included: creation The

in stressed are taught and account of all people the from Book a $2.00 charming way. of Moses, the council of God, and

the vision of the Prophet Joseph

Smith. Beautifully illustrated. $1.75

THE COMING OF THE KING COMING Nativity | the of THE Story THE—The THE COMING OF

- KING Peale Vincent Norman OF THE MORMONS of story reverently the Simply and

Jim Kjelgcmrd told. Dr. Peale Christ birth of the

Illustrated by Stephen L. Voorhies. all wonder, mystery,is captures the

again Once the mighty migration of of this event and drama the Saints Illinois from to the Salt entire course the of humanthat changedhistory.

Lake Valley, under the leadership of Beautifully illustrated by William

Brigham Young, has Moyers. $2.00

time in a style wellsuited been told—thisto the

imaginations of young people. $1.50 30.

THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH THE WORLD WE (For Young Latterday Saints)

Petersen Marr Emma LIVE IN doctrines, bioevents, Essential and this special In 216page of leaders graphical the material on tion of Magazine's "Theediin this the book, are contained Church you'll Live In,"World WeLife in style great holds that written a find superb than 150 more of interest for the young. Some color paintings, maps, and stories the interest greatest human photographs the taken from unrevealed rare ever told are with original version that show $3.00 derstanding sympathy. and countless splendors of our

stars planets, and sea, reland world—theformation of and

markable creatures and plants that live in oceans and deserts, fields and jungles. An excellent gift that will keep a

child fascinated for years $4.95

THE STORY PRINCESS STORIES

Alene Dalton Salt Lake's own Story Princess, who has become nationally famous in her appearances on the Howdy Doodie and Perry

Como shows, tells delightful stories about

Benjy Bear, Grandma's Pet, Piggy Wiggy and Fred, Phil and Burt, and Becky Ann

Visits Storybook Land. These are beautifully illustrated on every page in brilliant,

warm colors. $3.00 k

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WVRESEARCH IN AMERICAN GENEALOGY

E. Kay Kirkham

The latest book on American genealogical research... it offers

excellent suggestions on how to start the genealogical record, do research by correspondence, and analyze the genealogical problem.

It includes replies from 100 genealogical libraries, county histories of all 48 states, special treatise on state census records, upto-theminute treatise on government records, early maps of the United States, and many other aids. $4.00

THE ABC'S OF AMERICAN GENEALOGICAL

RESEARCH E. Kay Kirkham

This recently revised textbook contains a wealth of information valuableResearch—especiallyto both beginnergood andon Governmentveteran in Americanrecords. Genealogical$1.75

OUR FAMILY THROUGH34. THE YEARS

This post binder will hold up to 300 sheets. It's bound in durable

imitation leather in white, maroon, black, or tan. On cover, embossed in gold is the title "Our Family Through the Years"and

your choice of the following temples: Salt Lake, Logan, Manti,

Idaho Falls, Los Angeles, Mesa, Alberta and St. George. $3.00

OUR FAMILY35. RECORD

Durable binder in maroon, tan, or light blue. On the cover, embossed in gold, your choice of any of the following temples: Salt

Lake, Logan, Idaho Falls, Mesa, St. George, Los Angeles and

Alberta. $5.00

mil

iiiiiiI "WW %\ <*> Deseret illM 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

"wm > -vvwrPfiTOWni Rifttifvtv- 1

QuanBook Quantity Book No. Quantity Book No. tity No.

DESERET BOOK CO.

44 East So. Temple

5"Lk* cl,, u, --,>'<**I > I t am enclosing; of, amount m—total * fortor triethe

to mmy AccountAce |[ ) add 2/o 'Charge of Utah (residents..,

sales tax)n ftornr tnethe bookso<-> checked,

Name Street or RFD—

Zone. State..

CityNOVEMBER 1956 829 History and Functions of the Presiding Bishopric

(Concluded from page 794) souri River and supervise the emigramissionary in two missions, president to the Church, he revealed through tion of the poor Saints to the Salt of Hollywood Stake, and president the Prophet Joseph the duties of the Lake Valley. His business and orof the Netherlands and Southern

Bishop and his Counselors relative to ganizational ability, his sense of jusStates missions. During his term of

their duties as judges of the people tice, and his experience as a bishop office, chapels and other Church as follows: especially qualified him to succeed buildings were built on an unprecehis very dear friend Bishop Whitney dented scale. An organized program

this in standeth mission And whoso is as the Presiding Bishop. During his for senior members of the Aaronic

Israel,appointed in a judge to be like as it was in ancient days, to divide the lands administration he placed great emPriesthood came into being. New

of the heritage of God unto his children; phasis upon the payment of tithing emphasis was placed upon attendance

And to judge his people by the testimony and offerings. He was sustained as at Sacrament meeting. Greater stress

of the just, and by the assistance of his Presiding Bishop on April 7, 1856, was laid upon the ward teaching counselors, to the according laws of the and remained in office until his death visits as a means of increasing spirare given prophetskingdom which by the of God. (D & C 58:1718.) on October 16, 1883. ituality in the Church.

Bishop William B. Preston sucThe eighth and present Presiding

There have been eight Presiding ceeded Bishop Hunter as Presiding Bishop is Joseph L. Wirthlin. He

Bishops since the restoration of the Bishop. He was set apart on April was set apart as Presiding Bishop on

gospel. There have been eight first 6, 1884, and remained in that office April 10, 1952, having previously

counselors, one of whom became the until shortly before his death on served as first and second counselor

Presiding Bishop. Of the twelve August 2, 1908. Bishop Preston's exto Bishop Richards. Percentages of

second counselors, five became first perience was rugged and practical attendance at priesthood and Sacracounselors. and fitted him for the great responsiment meetings have reached a new

bilities of directing the Aaronic high under the guidance of the pres- f\N February 4, 1831, an unexPriesthood and handling the temporal ent Presiding Bishopric. Tithing recall-time at ords are peak. an affairs of the The served as Church. He in development Church pected of families visited percentage ward the first by bishop of Logan, comwhich place.organization took Prophet The

is greater teachers before. ever than to colonize. munity helped he He revelation received in aJoseph which

Edward Partridge was called from his also became president of Cache Stake. With the approval of the First

business to be the first Bishop to the Bishop Charles W. Nibley was orPresidency, the present administraChurch. He was well -qualified by dained a bishop and set apart as tion has brought about a change in

experience and native ability to fill Presiding Bishop on December 11, the age schedule for ordination in the the position and held the office until 1907. He was an excellent financier Aaronic Priesthood. The senior memhis death in 1840. and businessman, having had expebers of the Aaronic Priesthood have

organized been into functional quorience in organizing operating and the It was Lord by known made groups. rums or railroad, lumber, sugar and comthat other bishops chosen be would

in addition to Bishop Partridge. On ofpanies.PresidingHe wasBishoptaken tofrombecomethe officethe Bishop Wirthlin has called two

4, 1831,December Newel K. Whitney spiritual business and to President Counselor Second Heber outstanding

called as appointed bishopwas and leaders, B. Isaacson Bishop Thorpe 1925. Grant on May 28,of Kirtland. in experience His mer- J. as his Carl and Bishop W. Buehner,

chandising and in business affairs The sixth Presiding Bishop was first and second counselors, respecgenerally qualified him for this imSylvester Q. Cannon. He was ortively.

portant position. He became the Predained and set apart on June 4, 1925,

siding Bishop, being sustained at the and served in office until called as an Bishop Wirthlin and his counselors

April Conference of 1847, which posiassociate member of the Council of love the boys and men over whom tion he held until his death in 1850. the Twelve on April 14, 1938. He they preside as the presidency of the

was a man of great faith and was deAaronic Priesthood. Their collective

The third Presiding Bishop of the voted to the Church and its growth. effort has given great impetus to the

Church was Edward Hunter. He, During his administration emphasis programs they are called to direct.

too, had proved his business acumen. was given to accounting for the recThey put the Lord's work first and

of their time and meansHe had been a staunch defender of ord and activity of the members of give freely the faith and a personal friend of the the Church. for the building of the kingdom of

Prophet Joseph Smith. He had made God. They seek his counsel in the

enormous contributions to the Church Bishop LeGrand Richards was set judgments they are called to render.

at a time when they were sorely apart as Presiding Bishop on April They are subject in all things to the needed. He served as a bishop in 14, 1938. He was called to be an presiding authority of the First Presithe Nauvoo Fifth Ward, the Winter apostle and released as Presiding dency and solicit the cooperation of

Quarters Seventh Ward, the South Bishop on April 6, 1952. He had all organizations and all members in

Fort Ward, and the Thirteenth Ward been a successful businessman before strengthening the Church and preof Salt Lake City. He was called by his call to be Presiding Bishop. He paring for the establishment upon

the First Presidency to go to the Mishad served as bishop of three wards, earth of the kingdom of heaven.

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Families agree on KSLTV

NOVEMBER 1956 831 WAS TEN YEARS OLD that to spring, and just "aching"to get away from the city to revel in the glow of time, and when summer came, the family in the should and live come hills, old the good where Wyoming old log just cabin that stood COYOTES-A Tale below the since spent I had summers I was a year old; and when a boy wants a the quakingasp grove. My father

thing, with his whole heart, there is was a sheepman of no great possesFrom The Improvement Era, 9:215ff. (January 1906.)

always great strength in his pleadsions, and in the springtime, when ings. I think that his conviction lambs came to make work for extra

afternoon, however, away. saw The to great a men, he deal do managed if his voice earnest, makes more and increase in a steady the downfall, of extra the himself, thus work and is the object to positively be not won

I steeper a our with grade. road I expenses. save Although young, was it. unattainable, will surely he win stayed a horse got on and good my I felt that out, could go he "catch and it so with me. the was And Near soaking. until were Not making we little. a on"of after April, middle long, cold a our the through halfthawed way I of gate, rode out the after As I of hibernation, fairly winter was drifts of old that the capped snow bidden affechaving mother an my to get wild from home. away The this I of to divide did assent summit I felt tionate farewell, exceedingly to leave, expecting morning were we father's wish, into climb the and my first life, proud. in For the time my in little covered our with wagon, my Certainly wagon. surrounded were we I sitting in saddle, a man's was with buckskin pony, to happened be conditions that by dewould have stirrups the just right length. the No cloudy, exactly not stormthreatening,

of the stroyed boy, courage any and soft, cushion, however could have a sorry sky. simply

it I to strange seems that since me the strong compared with smooth, I arising after early, very remember for did think not a were moment we of seat saddle. that as a deThen, restlessness, of a night to feed our in despair. reason, of course, The I token, parting straightened myself animals, then spending nearly and an

I that to looked a was ahead stirrups, in the hat, place—waved and my for caringhour mount. own my When I to paradise me. only the sun, saw signal the to gave go, on. go did She I finally got the saddle her back, on

this shining ahead. land upon little the buckskin, the cut of and I gazed the animal upon with an

indescribable pride. I was happy. the morning air was like life anew. The descent into East Canyon was

With this feeling of utter joy, I The distance was just five miles to rough and steep, but the distance skipped into the house. I had only the mouth of the canyon, which penewas comparatively short. We were

entered, however, when a remark trated the Wasatch. In less than an given the privilege of making a bed

from father came to my ear: "I think hour we were hidden from the sight in an old barn, that evening, where

we should not start today; the sky is of our home by those giant hills on the water dripped on us all night.

very threatening, to venture on so either side. But I did not think of The next morning I was as full of

long a trip into the mountains."home. The magnitude of nature held hope as ever, and still anxious to get

There was a great fall in stocks. my mind. on. Th'at day we had snow, and for

Instantly my throat was blocked, and At noon we stopped in a dell of three days it continued to fall, until

I wanted to cry. To delay our expethe mountains, having traveled just we were forced to stop for a time at

dition for even one day, after the sixteen miles. While we were eating an inn, about halfway through Chalk

anticipation I had endured, was most our lunch, the first drop of rain fell, Canyon. When We started again,

repugnant to me. But after a moand I could see a look of worriment there were nearly eighteen inches of

ment's struggle, I braced myself, and spread over my father's face. Still snow on the level, and drifts in every

the way I talked, gestured, and I persisted in saying within myself hollow, causing us great struggle to argued that the sun would shine by that I could see blue spots in the sky get the wagon along.

noon, and that there was no use in and that the clouds would soon blow We decided, after the first night, being bluffed by a cloudy sky, would have made any jury swerve. My

father was no easy man to persuade, but finally he gave the word to go.

Father and I were to go, at this

An Improvement ERA REPRINT

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pt

coyotes, made ravenous and desperate I know not what Father thought,

I afraid. sorely I was

sobs! To beof the Hills throughsnow hadthehinderedlong storm.the movementsThe heavyof butcouldfor notmyself,control my

everything. The smaller animals, candid, I lost all hope. I expected to

by Charles Herman which form the food of these creadie. My dear father's presence was

tures, had not emerged from their my only relief, and I rode up very winter's sleep. The sheep were also close to him.

that it would be impossible to take held back by the storms. The yelping was all around us.

the wagon farther, so we took the Our progress became more and Father looked at me and said: "Be

front wheels off, and made a mounmore impeded. It was almost imbrave, my boy; you're safe!"How

tain cart. On this we placed only possible to pick our way between could I doubt him? But those howls

mere necessities, and began once more snowdrifts, and, consequently, we spelled death to my child's mind.

our heavy journey. In this manner were often floundering in one of these Once during that awful period,

we pushed along over some seven traps of nature. When we did get when the howling seemed to cease

miles of the eighteen that remained into such a predicament, the only for a moment, I thought of the mornof our trip. Here we got stuck in a thing we could do was to dismount ing we left, and seemed to realize

bank of snow, and all efforts to extriand lead the animals through. This that I was the cause of all this. Surecate ourselves proved futile. fell to my lot; but as I was light, the ly my youthful enthusiasm had

But there is always a way, so Father crust of the snow held me up. proved of less worth than my father's

says, and I believe him. We unMy father was a cripple, having judgment. "O,"I cried, my spirit

hitched our team, and prepared to lost a limb in an accident when very broken, "God save us!"The prayer,

move on horseback. We limited our young, and he was now using a taught me by my mother, came to my

pack to the bedding and a little flour. crutch. How to get through was to heart, and I felt better: I ceased

We had now crossed the Wyoming him a serious problem. At the first sobbing.

entering the line were and to his sheep step, almost his crutch sank situation! mortals Imagine the Two chosen place the country, by flockface. to his shoulder, and he fell on surnature, imprisoned and by

masters for lambing ground, because But where there is a will there is a rounded by evil spirits, for I really of its location near the summer ranges way. My father, therefore, lay down believe that nothing can be so sugand its comparative protection. This on the snow, and often rolled over, gestive of the uncanny evil as the

country was a basin about seven miles hundreds and hundreds of yards on howl of one of these slinking creacould one see in width. Nowhere times miserable an that day. Many see them, notnot tures! We could south outlet. the west and since, To he could I have wondered how of evidence strong the withstanding

towered a range of mountains covered have had the fortitude. their presence. Oh, it was frightful!

of timber. growth The a heavy with fully the concomprehended I now father felt it, yet he may I know my which through we had canyon just dition to which we were reduced, I. as death dreaded Be and not have

emerged penetrated this great wall, my heart completely gave way. Althat as it may, he clutched his crutch,

but all traces of the outlet were obmost simultaneously with the sinking as if all he asked for was a fair chance.

of peculiar formation literated by the settle spirits, to fog of a began my it for thus, hours, Sitting seemed perpenalmost ridge, foothills. the A us, until over engradually were we to discordant the be appeared melody feet, five rising nearly hundred dicular, great cloud, in a waterspent veloped

us. of the utterances wall around the east to the basin's the rim formed all or direction of trace landmark and

it closer Closer horse came. and The one surrounded, north. Thus and lost! to use gone. were was No We at leading length that gave were we the easily appreciate name could fatigue ourselves under and wander snort, a fearful threw whirled around, Basin. piece next the conditions. such On off quilts his placed'the on had we

Over the hills and hollows, now of earth we touched, we did the only back, then dashed out into the obmade almost level by the drifted thing possible—stood still! livion of the fog. All we could hear

snow, roamed hundreds of wild The maudlin yelp of the thievish was the clink of his harness, with now horses, who devoured a goodly share coyotes continued, growing louder and then a frightened whinny, which of the grass, and were, therefore, and louder! While we were moving, brought our horses'ears to the alert.

much hated by the sheepmen. our minds were too much occupied A moment later, a black demon

But on our entire journey we had with other things to notice their apcame rushing towards us and jumped proach, but now that we were standat my horse's head. As the beast neither heard nor seen a trace of

still, their nothing but ing we heard father again, to the dropped ground others. these As wild animals or any the world, music. from awful Cut off it fairly struck leaned and forward a faint our journey anew, began we foot, to it seemed and hand bound It crutch. the with on the head

howl, away in the distance, broke the me that matters could not be worse. on its side and twisted a moment, thenfell

silence and greeted our ears. It was Sitting on our horses'backs, we could struggled to its feet again, and stagfollowed by another, until we realized scarcely see a foot from their heads, gered out to its invisible comrades.

that the country was swarming with owing to the thickness of the fog. (Continued on page 858)

NOVEMBER 1956 833 song of praise and thanksgiving that

The Christ Child Is Born since has been set to music and is (Continued from page 817) repeated. He had said: "Fear not, sung in many churches.

in Hebron, about one hundred miles Zacharias: for thy prayer is heard; For about three months Mary

from Nazareth, and seventeen miles and thy wife Elisabeth shall bear thee stayed with her cousin. The records

south of Jerusalem. This would be a son, and thou shalt call his name do not tell us whether or not Mary

still in Elisabeth was when Judea route, shortest the SaJohn. throughby

it is to pleasant son, birth her but gave shalt gladthou have joy and "And If, of themaria. because Jewish

rate, was. she that At to think any rejoice shall ness; at his and many this for thehatred Samaritans land

was to be avoided, Mary might have birth. eight days after the boy was born,

crossed the Jordan River and traveled "For he shall be great in the sight the relatives came, according to custhrough the land of Perea. At Bethaof the Lord, and shall drink neither tom, and began calling the boy

bara she would have recrossed the wine nor strong drink; and he shall "Zacharias,"after his father, but

river at or near the place where be filled with the Holy Ghost, even Elisabeth said that the name must be

Joshua and the children of Israel from his mother's womb. John, "the gift of Jehovah."The relaentered the Holy Land twelve hun- "And many of the children of Istives objected, saying that the name

dred years earlier. After reaching rael shall he turn to the Lord their John had never been used in the

settled the family. matter father The God. it halfbeenJericho but would have

is "His a tablet, by writing on name "And he shall go before him in of city to the holy journeyaday's reZacharias Immediately "John."spirit of Elias... the and power third roadJerusalem. have would A filled with gained his voice, and being It is easy to understand why of shores the thetaken her along

Mediterranean Sea, then over the Zacharias wondered if this were a the Holy Ghost, prophesied and mountains of Ephraim. No matter real angel and if his words would praised the Lord.

what the route, it seems safe to asactually come to pass. In the first "And they marvelled, all."

sume that she went the fastest posplace the priests of Israel had not seen Mary must have returned to her sible way. an angel, nor had any direct comhome in Nazareth with much foreAnd when she met her cousin, what munication with God for many years. boding. What would she tell her

a time of rejoicing they must have Then, too, both he and his wife were friends and family? Should she tell

had! These were good and righteous old. How could they have a son? Joseph? And if she did, would he

people, both of the tribe of Levi, and When he asked the angel, "Wherebelieve her? It took a great deal of

kept all of the commandments of God. by shall I know this? for I am an old courage to return. Still there was

Mary was glad to be with them. man and my wife well stricken in nothing else to do.

Elisabeth, too, had a marvelous years,"the angel answered, Being espoused to a man among story to tell. Zacharias, a descendant "I am Gabriel, that stand in the the Jews in those days was more than

of Aaron, was a priest, and at given presence of God; and am sent to speak what we know as an engagement. In

unto thee, and to shew thee these some ways it was as binding as marintervals he spent time in the temple glad tidings. riage itself, and required formal proat Jerusalem performing the functions

of his office. Much to his joy a few "And, behold, thou shalt be dumb, ceedings to end it. When Joseph

months before Mary's visit he had and not able to speak, until that learned that Mary was going to have been chosen by lot to perform an holy day that these things shall be per- a child he considered ending his reordinance burning incense in the formed, because thou believest not lationship with her in the least emtemple at Jerusalem. This ordinance, my words, which shall be fulfilled in barrassing way, until an angel apwhich was a symbol of Israel's prayers their season."peared to him in a dream saying:

to God, was so sacred that no priest After Zacharias'service in the tem- "Joseph, thou son of David, fear not was permitted to do it more than ple was completed, he returned home to take unto thee Mary thy wife: for

once. On the day appointed, after and doubtless communicated his marthat which is conceived in her is of

the assisting priest had placed the hot velous experience through writing the Holy Ghost.

coals on the altar in the Holy Place, and signs, to his devoted wife. At "And she shall bring forth a son,

Zacharias was left alone to pour on the time of Mary's visit he still could and thou shalt call his name Jesus:

the incense and offer the accompanynot speak. for he shall save his people from their

ing prayer. In the outer court, Elisabeth must have known that sins."

separated by a veil, those who had the Messiah would soon be born, for What joy must have surged through come to worship also offered their the angel had told Zacharias that Mary's soul when Joseph took her prayers to God. their son was to be a forerunner of home with him to be his wife. What

As the ordinance was being perhim. And as Mary unfolded her a comfort that the Lord had sent an

formed a wondrous thing happened! story the Holy Ghost testified to angel to him, too, and now he knew

An angel appeared, and stood on the Elisabeth that this, her young cousin, her great secret and could share her right side of the golden altar. Mary was to be the mother of the Lord. unspeakable joys. How wonderful

could understand how Zacharias She said: "Blessed art thou among that this man who now was her husmight have been frightened, even as women, and blessed is the fruit of band was so willing to become the

she had been when this same mesthy womb."She was thrilled belegal father of her baby and relieve

senger had come to her. And how yond measure that Mary had come to her of any shame that might otherfamiliar the words of the angel must visit her. wise have come upon her!

have sounded when she heard them Mary's response was a beautiful (Continued on page 836) 834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Tbuv S/wjcuL Qov&JiaqsL fare NONDRINKING DHIVERS!

PHEFERRED RISK'S NEW PLUS POLICY

DOES YOUR GIVES TO ALL PREFERRED RISK POLICYHOLDERS: PRESENT POLICY

PROVIDE THIS?

(1) New "Family Automobile Policy"protection Yes D No D (2) Insurance with other nondrinkers only Yes D No D (3) Low starting rates—with possible additional savings up to 25% on Yes Q No D

Preferred Risk's Merit Reduction Plan

PLUSPlus (1) Payment for Personal Effects stolen from car—up to $100 Yes No D

Plus (2) Waiver of Attorney's Fees and court costs for suit to recover for Yes D No D damages to your car Plus (3) Payment of Emergency Transportation Expense up to $25 Yes D No D

Plus (4) Payment of Emergency Road Service charges up to $25 Yes D No D

Plus (5) Payment of Emergency Road Service charges while driving Yes D No D other cars Plus (6) Collision coverage on Temporary Substitute Automobile Yes D No D

Plus (?) Full Limits Death Benefit (up to $2,000 per person) under MediYes D No D

cal Payments Coverage on insured and/or spouse

Plus (8) Waiver of depreciation on new car Yes D No D

is collision of Deductible when Plus (9) Waiver with another Preferred Yes D No D

Illinois) in applicable (Not Risk policyholder.

Plus (10) Waiver of Notice of Mortgage Yes D No D

Plus (11) Waiver of Right to Repair Yes D No D

Plus (12) Payment of premium for Bail Bonds up to $5,000 Yes D No n

MAIL THIS COUPON NOW (No Obligation) SOMETHING MISSING?

f FOR INFORMATION WITHOUT OBLIGATION—ACT NOW—USE THIS COUPON

MY AUTO INSURANCE EXPIRES: Home

.''; Month. Address Daj.... PREFERRED RISK

City State Year.

Occupation In Ho. of Cars household

of Cylinders MUTUAL INSURANCE CO. No. Make of Car Year

Body Type and Model (Series) Use of Car: Pleasure—fj Business—Q To and From Work..Miles One Way

Circle Owner ALL OTHER DRIVERS "America's First Total Abstainers of This Car—MYSELF PRINCIPALDRIVER and

Give requested information Age? Automobile Insurance Company* about all

DRIVERS OF AUTOMOBILE Sex?

Jo&ir 366 South 5th East.HELPPAtl ACCIDEWSOf PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL Suite 102103, Dept. 116 INSURANCE COMPANY

Salt Lake City, Utah 366 SOUTH 5th EAST, SUITE 102103, DEPT. 116, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co.

NOVEMBER 1956 835 The Christ Child Is Born

(Continued from page 834) "V/foNTHS had passed, and the time QUESTIONS ''* was near at hand for the baby to be born. What thoughts must

About Saving Money: haveshe trudgedgone throughalong thoseMary'slast fewmindlongas

miles as they approached the wonderTo have the unequalled proful old city of Bethlehem! Perhaps 1. WHY SAVE?

tection of money in the BANK - IMMEDIATELY AVAILshe remembered that many years beABLE whenever you need it or want it. fore her ancestor, Jacob, who became

of the Twelve father Israel, the as as much Keep PosSAVE? TO 2. HOW this road very traveled once dollar get and Tribes, you——of every sible of your income

BANK IT! with his family. As he neared the

city of Bethlehem the time arrived wife, Rachel, to give 3. WHERE TO SAVE? HERE - where your for his beloved money is handy, fully potected and—to repeat—birth to a child. And near this very

AVAILABLE AT ONCE, whenever it's needed or wanted. city she died while bringing her baby

into the world. Perhaps Mary wondered if she, too, would remain in We Welcome Your Account

Bethlehem in a stone tomb, as Rachel 2h/ Interest on Savings had.

Surely she thought of King David, who had been born here and who as a boy had wandered the nearby hills,zion's savings bank tending his father's flocks. And in

this "city of David,"while still a lad he had been anointed by the great prophet Samuel to be king of Israel. & TrustDAVID O. McKAY,CompanyPRESIDENT

South Temple & Main. Salt Lake City Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. How appropriate that her son would

be born here. She must have known

that the Prophet Micah had named this city as the birthplace of the MesmU siah.

Wake Up With the World! hardest.The last Perhapsmile mustnighthavehadbeenoverthe

taken them, and it is likely that they were the last travelers on the road.

How long seemed the steep hill that led into the city and to the inn where they hoped to find rest.

But alas, the inn was crowded with travelers, and so this royal couple found refuge in a stable where the

Pick up The Salt Lake Tribune from your doorstep, animals were kept. Tradition points

this spot, and the sacred to a cave as and there in front of you is the world, the west—YOUR is as there are possible numerentirely

Intermountain your community. hapWhat West—and hills limestone around in the caves ous

pened last night in Pakistan is as clearly told as to you to house were used they the city, and what happened in the P-T A meeting at your neighborhood animals.

school. You're a part of the world and a citizen of the Just where the place was and

Intermountain West. whether it was a cave or a building

You step out on the street knowing that your whole are not important to us. The simple

day will be one of awareness, because the world and your truth is that Joseph and Mary found accommodations in the very humblest own neighborhood have been brought to your breakfast of circumstances.

table in proper perspective, in your morning copy of And here the Christ Child was born!

What a glorious night! How

blessed were the peoples of all creation! Never had the world witnessed

an event as important and momentous. The Son of God, the Creator of

(Concluded on page 838) Step Up to a/JOHN DEERE TRACTOR and Enjoy

New power to turn out more work per day... new economy to

cut costs in every way... new adaptability to handle more jobs

more conveniently than ever before... new ease of handling to

save muscle and relieve fatigue in the field—that's the story in a

nutshell of the advantages you'll enjoy with a new John Deere '520,""620,"or "720"Tractor.

Just look how a John Deere fills the bill on every job. New,

more powerful engines provide the heavyduty lugging power you need at tillage time... new Custom PowrTrol offers

you a choice of single lift, delayed lift, or selective lift for NEWFull 3-plow3PLOWtractors 520availableSERIESwith gasoline or LPGas engines and a variety of frontwheel assemblies. Deeasier, faster, better work with cultivators and a wide veloped approximately 36 belt h.p. in factory tests on

variety of other integral tools... the new Independent NEWgasoline.4-PLOW 620 SERIES

generalpurpose tractors which standard Heavyduty andPower TakeOff and the 1 y% mph "creeper"gear team up belt tests h.p. in factory approximately developed 48 on

to handle powerdriven equipment efficiently in heavy gasoline. Also available with LPGas engine.

crops. The versatile new John Deere Universal 3 -Point NEW 5-PLOW 720 SERIES

Diesel approxiengine. LPGas, or DevelopedHitch, featuring exclusive Loadand-Depth Control gasoline,Generalpurpose and standard models with choice of

in belt h.p. factory gasoline. mately 58 tests on

brings you modern "pick up and go"farming the year- 'round. Advanced Power Steering, new FloatRide Seat,

exclusive Roll-O-Matic "KneeAction"front wheels—

these are just a few of many other features available. See

your John Deere dealer soon and drive a new "520,""620,"or "720"Tractor.

JOHN DEERE MOLINE, ILLINOIS

NOVEMBER 1956 837 The Christ Child Is Born

(Concluded from page 836) ten. They can easily be committed "And the angel said unto them,

the earth, had come to earth in the to memory in a short time. Such a Fear not: for, behold, I bring you

form of this little mortal babe, to be great treasure should be in our hearts good tidings of great joy, which shall its teacher and Savior! and minds so we can recall it often: be to all people.

How Mary must have wondered "And she brought forth her first- "For unto you is born this day in as she held that precious little bundle born son, and wrapped him in swadthe city of David a Saviour, which is close to her. Undoubtedly she did dling clothes, and laid him in a manChrist the Lord.

not know the full significance of what ger; because there was no room for "And this shall be a sign unto you;

was happening, for she could not them in the inn. Ye shall find the babe wrapped in

have understood the fulness of the "And there were in the same counswaddling clothes, lying in a manger.

great plan of salvation. try shepherds abiding in the field, "And suddenly there was with the

It is interesting to note that in the keeping watch over their flock by angel a multitude of the heavenly

Bible only a few brief verses are denight. host praising God, and saying,

voted to the great happenings of this "And, lo, the angel of the Lord "Glory to God in the highest, and most holy of all nights. Yet these came upon them, and the glory of on earth peace, good will toward

are among the sweetest and the greatthe Lord shone round about them: men."

est words that have ever been writand they were sore afraid. (Next Month: The Child Grows)

Relief Society of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

(Concluded from page 799) became a charter member of the Na13,462 class leaders engaged in 'The Society has always encouraged tional Council of Women. It still teaching the courses of study. Com-

"music, both congregational and continues as a member of this counpassionate welfare services showed a choral singing. Almost every local cil, through which it enjoys affiliation marked increase in 1955 with 247,878

Society now has a chorus of singing with the International Council of visits to the sick and homebound and mothers which provides music for Women. 25,510 full days'care of the sick.

special gatherings. Great cultural upCountless hours of service were given

lift and a moving power for good The women of the Church. have by Relief Society women on Church

are expressed in this vast army of *- published a magazine since 1872. welfare projects, and 11,093 visits

singing women. The Woman's Exponent, the first were made by Relief Society presiThe educational, cultural, and welpublication owned and printed by dents to families in need, under the

fare activities of the Society have a Latterday Saint women and the secdirection of the bishops.

marked influence upon the lives and ond woman's publication west of the Relief Society has realized the fulcharacters of Relief Society members, Mississippi River, was first issued filment of a dream of Relief Society broadening their outlooks, deepening June 1, 1872. The Exponent ceased sisters of the past as well as the

their appreciations, developing their publication in 1914 and was succeeded present—the dedication of a Relief

talents, increasing their abilities, and by the Relief Society Magazine, a Society building in Salt Lake City.

enlarging their souls. It makes of monthly periodical which continues With the approval of the First

them happy, welladjusted women, to serve the Society as its official Presidency of the Church and the who live purposeful and useful lives. publication. sustaining vote of the Relief Society

At various periods throughout its Relief Society is now growing rapidmembers in attendance at the annual history, Relief Society has engaged ly in size and influence. According general conference of the Society,

in special activities important to the to the 1955 annual report, there are October 4, 1945, the erection of the time; for example, in the early days at the present time 223 stake and 42 building was officially sanctioned. The

the sisters erected Relief Society halls, mission organizations, with a total building, which is now completed, promoted home industry, engaged in of 3,736 local Societies. There are will house the general offices of the

sericulture and grain saving. The 163,513 members enrolled in the SoSociety; it will stand as a memorial to

early Relief Society leaders were acciety. During 1955 there were 2,797,- the enlightened concept of the Prophtive supporters and effective, conspic264 visits made to the homes by et Joseph Smith when he inaugurated

uous figures in the National Woman 65,512 visiting teachers. There were by divine inspiration this ennobling

Suffrage movement, and Relief Sowork for women; it will be a symbol

ciety sent delegates regularly to the to all people of the lofty position acNational Suffrage conventions to lend INDIAN SHUTTLE SONG corded the faithful daughters of our support to this great cause. LatterBy Lael W. Hill Heavenly Father in the gospel plan.

day Saint women rejoiced with other Relief Society was divinely inspired women of America when complete TVTow scarlet leaves and is a greatly blessed organization suffrage was given to women citizens Are Andwovengoldlythroughripeneddayssheaves for women, being organized under of the United States on August 29, Brown with pihon nuts, and grays the priesthood and after a pattern early dusk, designed with care Of1920. of only woman's the priesthood—the prayer. be a blanket for autumnal To

In 1891 Relief Society, with the society so organized in the world advice of President Wilford Woodruff, today.

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Sfac YOURSELF i*h*

This is really living—in a great big way. Luxurious surroundings

... smart, colorful styling... large dome windows and

restful divan seats placed at an angle for easier viewing...

superb accommodations... and fine, fresh, appetizing food!

Don't put it off a day longer. Call your Union Pacific Railroad

ticket agent—tell him where you're planning to go

and he'll tell you how little it costs on a Domeliner.

Yes, little—actually less than driving your own car...

and certainly a great deal more relaxing.

It's smart, it's economical, it'sfun to ride the Domeliners

THREE FABULOUS DOMELINERS: Avoid driving worries. If a car is needed,

"City of Los Angeles"and The "Challenger"yourHertzticketDriveYourselfagent can arrangecar to meetfor a you.fine

... between Los Angeles and Chicago.

details, reservations, For with or help "City of Portland"travel plans, your nearest see your HERTZ PACIFIC ALL AGENCIES UNION AND Portland and Chicago.... between Pacific ticket Railroad agent. Union KAIL CREDIT TRAVEL CARDS HONOR

Union Pacific Railroad

NOVEMBER 1956 839 (0'X3\;>X>3sJSK3sK

Id Sweet... Jruwf the ilaktf

Richard L. Evans

There is in Ecclesiastes, a significant short sentence that * suggests a subject: "Truly the light is sweet, and a

pleasant thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun."1 "Truly

the light is sweet"—and if one need any convincing of it, he

need only wrestle with problems, with worries, in the doubt and discouragement that sometimes come with darkness.

"Truly the light is sweet"—and one lesson we all have to

learn is to wait at times for the light—to wait for the light

in making decisions, to wait for the light in appraising the seriousness of symptoms, to wait for the light in assessing any situation—for darkness can and does distort. All people

have their problems and perhaps almost all people have periods of despondency of spirit—when the weight and the

worry seem almost more than they can carry. And usually

the same problems seem heavier in darkness than they do in daylight. In darkness, problems have a way of becoming'

confused. In darkness symptoms have a way of magnifying

themselves. In darkness our judgment may be distorted

in many matters. When our loved ones—our children

are overdue at night, the things we sometimes think could have occurred can cause acute mental and emotional distress.

Darkness quickens morbid imaginings and sometimes makes unsolved problems seem unsolvable. Nighttime has its place.

its its for quality, covering time for energies day. the next But It's great fun for groups sleepIt hasandits ownfor thekindrenewingof quiet,of

going to the big games, when worries become intermixed with the dark imaginings of conventions, outings night, sleep leaves, and so does peace; and so sometimes does

time, has Everybody a better in. else its uses, enters anguish whatWhatever

going together in a for night, decisions darkness of the be said prifaith—andever else can

vate, modern coach, should not be dictated by darkness. And in times of sorrow,

with a skilled driver who takes you where in times of despair and despondency, we should hold on you want to go, in faith, from hour to hour, if need be, and wait for the wften you want to go light to return—and make no commitments in the distorat very low cost! tion of darkness. "Truly the light is sweet, and a pleasant

Call your local thing it is for the eyes to behold the sun."Both in the

Greyhound Agent confidence of youth, and in the caution and discouragement of more maturity, light must be an element in all

GREYHOUND safe thinking, in all safe decisions.

CHARTER SERVICE Like Spoken Word from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, AUGUST 26, 1956 Copyright 1956

GET YOUR WARD MOVIES FROM 'Ecclesiastes 11:7.

THE DAY WITHDRAWS HILLAMS

500 FREE sponsored films. By Laban Thomas Johnston

200 religious, including 'TPhe cooling shades have spread like liquid And in their stalls the unmilked cows are "Oliver Cowdery"and stains lowing.

"Choice Land."Rental Across the fields. Only the rockrimmed

rates reduced! wall These sounds have made the twilight hour

200 Entertainment Films. That guards the east horizon now retains And complete,now the droning scythe is strangely

The yellow robe a morning sun let fall. hushed,

The breeze no longer stirs to liquefy Even the yellow leaves beneath our feet HILLAMS FILMS The heavyheaded wheat. Dull lamps are Whisper their vain protest at being crushed,

54 P. O. PLACE showing. For pauseone enchanted moment night must

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH From distant heights the quail cock sends While leisurely the outworn day withhis cry, draws.

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Kennecott's Bingham Mine was about a quarter of the nation's established in 1904 on a revolutionnewly mined copper.

ary principle—mass mining and procThrough the years, new methods,

essing of low grade ore. Many greater efficiency and better equipment have turned into ore, millions mining men scoffed at working with

of tons of material that was once 2% ore. Despite this, a new mine was waste. The life of the mine has been

born. lengthened.

But even 2% ore didn't last long. Kennecott continues to try to

In 10 years the copper content of the lengthen the mine's life by practicore was down to V/2%. In 20 years it ing good conservation. Research

dropped to 1%. Today, Kennecott is projects seek methods for recovering

mining ore that averages only 82 more copper from low grade orehundredths of one per cent. millions of dollars are plowed back

into the business for new and better

By standards of the past, the equipment.

Bingham Mine should have died Lengthening the life of the Bingmany times. But like the cat with ham Mine means a longer life for

nine lives, it's still very much alive. the benefits of Kennecott's operaIt continues to be the greatest tions that help bring prosperity to

copper mine in the world, producing our entire state.

Kennecott Copper Corporation

'A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah"

NOVEMBER 1956 841 From a little Rock Church to the World tion of over 105,000. Today it is given a top rating among children's

magazines. (Concluded from page 807) the girls and their fathers. During One of the most important projectsdren attending Primary in the stakes national Scout week in February,

and 5,567 in the missions. Serving Guides have a fun night with their sponsored by the Primary Association

is the Primary Children's Hospital.

teachersas are 42,071 devoted dads. women. Builder Holiday The Home in The first hospital was opened and fortynine stakes affords hundred a gettogether for the One and June

J.seven missions have Cub packs. Of Larks, Bluebirds, Seagulls, and their dedicated by President Heber

Grant in 1922. The beautiful, modthe 12,741 elevenyear-old boys in mothers. July is the anniversary

the Church, eighty -eight percent are month of the Trail Builder program. ern structure used today was occutaking their first year of scouting in To celebrate, a Funda-lay is held. pied by the patients February 12 and

the Guide patrols. The parents join in the frolic and get dedicated March 2, 1952, by President

The objectives of the Primary are: better acquainted with their sons. McKay. The objective of the hospiis tal to children help be can who

1. to children the pray. teach To longfelt a the need, answer To to or norrehabilitated cured become

2. for prepare children baptism To to a instigated has Primary program citizens. hospital useful mal, The in the Church. membershipand reverence. the promote Throughout eligible serves child twelve under any

3. effectively gospel teach the To year introduced, are standards and race, of to years regard without age

in interesting way. anand to are children the encouraged make color, creed. or Children from come

4. girls for buildprepare home To lives. of their part a daily them They all States, of parts the United Caning. to are their taught Heavenly honor the ada, Mexico. Hawaii, At and

5. receive to the prepare boys To to of Father, respect the the house is a there patient present time youngpriesthood. to their parents Lord, obey and from Tonga. considered has Primary always The their to leaders, to kind and be Children's Hospital Primary The of responsibility the preparingthe is friends. standard emphasized Each thirtythree admitted seven hundred Priestto receive theboys Aaronic of scripture verse a the with which in patients there 1955, were and

its trusts. of sacred one mosthood for children example, the memorize; visits. the outpatient 2,456 During at conference, a Primary Speaking for standard September October and first this year, of seven 506 months "I said: L. WirthlinBishop Joseph for 1956, was: Reverence our Heavchildren admitted, been have and appreciation heartfelt thebring you scripture Father. enly was: "The The there outpatient been 1,690 have

allof Bishopric, Presiding the and will serve, his our Lord and God we visits.

for of bishoprics the thethe Church, voice will obey."24:24.) (Joshua we the has Primary program Although in are preexcellent doing you work says: Elder "Rever- B. Brown Hugh of developphases undergone many to receiveparing the Aaronic boys

is of attitude heart ence an and mind its in of seventyeight years ment is auxiliaryPriesthood. the only This

in expressed conduct."Primary The ideals the growth, never and have specificin that the the has Church

all this attitude. to get children wants it for organized purposes which was 'to prepareassignment young men entails reverence True communion forgotten. the gosbeen Teaching of receive restoredto priesthood the

feeling his Father, with our Heavenly girls to pel of Christ boys and Jesusthe Lord Jesus Christ."

Spirit. nearness, having his force, the motivating has always been Primary program is a logical The

is published and those who have inaugurateddevelopment of the gospel plan on The Children's Friend a level that a child can understand. by the Primary Association and is the changes have done so confident that

During the first years of his life the voice of the Church to the children. the change would be a means of

seed of faith in God is planted in his This magazine has grown from a few better achieving the Primary objecheart. He is taught to pray. Then hundred subscriptions to a circulatives.

he is taught the importance of baptism and the story of the restoration. He

studies the life of Christ, which is The Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association presented as an example for him to follow. Through a study of the Arti- (Continued from page 805) difficult tasks was encouraging the

cles of Faith the boys and girls are among young Latterday Saint women to assume their positions begiven a foundation of what the its stamp on the organization to make fore the public. On one occasion she

Church believes. women. To enumerate all of the acinstructed the officers, "When young

Officers and teachers need the cocomplishments, would be wearying lady officers are asked to preside or operation of parents if the Primary even if it were possible to do so, but sit on the stand, they should accept is to fulfil its purposes successfully. each year has brought additional insuch invitation, no matter if it be a

ParentPrimary partnership is essenspiration to make the program better trial."That it was a trial is clearly

tial. The Primary can only supplesuited and more enjoyable to the evidenced throughout the early days

ment the teachings of the home. young women of the Church. of YWMIA. Gifted as these women

Sister Elmina S. Taylor was the were, they felt that their specific

rPo strengthen the Primaryparent first general president of the YWMIA, qualifications did not prepare them

A relationship and to provide recserving in that capacity from June for public appearances.

reation for the boys and girls, various 19, 1880, until her passing, December Martha Home Tingey was the secactivities have been included in the 6, 1904. Hers was the phenomenal ond general president and was folprogram. In January, the "Daddy task of organizing the auxiliary lowed by Ruth May Fox, who was

Date"is a high light in the lives of throughout the Church. One of the (Concluded on page 844)

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Savings Account has a big job to do!

higher earnings mean bigger dividends in family happiness!

In any average family there are a lot of dreams to be PER fulfilled and the family savings account is usually called upon

ANNUM to do the job. It stands to reason that higher earnings now

will help your family realize its dreams sooner. You can earn

more with safety, too; 37 years of continuous service is good eviCOMPOUNDED

dence that your money is safely and wisely invested. SEMIANNUALLY

STATE WITHDRAWAL REQUESTS PROMPTLY HONORED. SUPERVISION

OPEN A SAVEBY-MAIL ACCOUNT - Savings Postmarked by the 20th Earn from the First!

UTAH SAYIIGS lAHi SAYIIGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION AND LOAN ASSOCIATION 65 NORTH UNIVERSITY AVE. - PROVO, UTAH NINTH AND JEFFERSON - BOISE, IDAHO

NOVEMBER 1956 843 A second desire of the current

The Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association presidency has been to provide every girl with a camping experience. Each

(Concluded from page 842) eight years, it is that the dream of the succeeding year has seen greater parsucceeded by Lucy Grant Cannon, current presidency—that the YWMIA ticipation in this activity. During the

whom I followed as general president. must account for every girl in 1956 season approximately 26,000

Each of the presidents put uppermost ward from the ages of 12 to 18 inmembers of the YWMIA have hadin her position the calling to help clusive—has been realized. When the thrill of attending camp.

build lives of lasting happiness among this assignment was turned to the I cannot close this brief article on the girls with whom they labored. presidency, the "girls'program"was the YWMIA without bearing testiThe YWMIA has been carried forformulated, which actually is the mony to the wonderful work of my

ward by the valiant work of the YWMIA. This program has prodded predecessors in the organization and

countless thousands of officers and each class leader and each YWMIA expressing gratitude to my counselors teachers in the wards and stakes who officer to account for every girl in and associates for the work that they take the manuals and handbooks and each class in the ward. It has been do continually to help bring the

translate them into living words of a source of the keenest satisfaction daughters of Zion safely back to our truth. Not enough can be said of the that we have evolved plans whereby Heavenly Father.

diligence and faith of these workers each girl in every ward and stake is The inspiration behind the YWMIA at the grass roots of the association. accounted for. The stakes have been is daily demonstrated in the lives

They seek out the lost; they interest impressed with the necessity of enof the young daughters of Zion

the weak; they bring back to activity couraging the girls in their attendwho are led in paths of righteousness

the inactive. ance, not only at YWMIA, but also toward eternal joy through its spirIf there is anything that should be at Sacrament meeting and at Sunday itualized program of lesson work and

said of the administration of the past School. recreation.

158,619; participating in drama,

The Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association 53,871*; participating in vocal music,

(Concluded from page 803) an enviable record in the field of 84,283*; participating in instrumental

Young Men's and Young Ladies'Muscouting. After careful investigation, music, 13,211*; participating in bastual Improvement Associations of the beginning in 1910, we applied for a ketball, approximately 26,000; particiLatter-day Saints."Elder Wells was charter. The charter is dated May pating in volleyball, approximately

at the helm of this valuable maga21, 1913, and is the first charter 8,250; participating in softball, apzine for the seventeen years of its granted by the Boy Scouts of America proximately 25,100; gold and green

existence, the last issue of The Conto a church sponsored organization. balls, 1,513*; ward dances on MIA

tributor being October 1896. Then The percentage of LDS boys who are nights, 9,767*; ward dances other

for a year the YMMIA had no magatrained in scouting is consistently nights, 1,394*; ward speech contests,

zine. In November 1897, The Imhigh. 1,174*; participating in speech conprovement Era began publication, Since the end of World War II tests, 5,735*; participating in speech

with Joseph F. Smith and B. H. America has been appalled by this (other than contests), 40,711.*

Roberts as editors, and Heber J. Grant thing called juvenile delinquency. Extensive research by many friends of the Mutual

as business manager. The Era has Still, thinking persons everywhere overthe facta longthat periodthere ofwereyearsmanyhas LDSbroughtorganizationsto light

alwavs had a member of the First know that it is just a small portion oforganizedyoung inpeople1875. formedMany beforeof themtheno YMMIAdoubt conwas

Presidency as its editor, and since of the youth of today who are giving tion.tributedAn somethingincompleteto listtheof firstthese YMMIAorganizationsorganizafol-

the lows: In days of the Smith, in Prophet Joseph1901, the President of the Church has the rest the bad name. In the slightly

at 1843, a Nauvoo, January and Gentlemen "Young been so designated. Beginning in more than a decade since the end of Ladies Relief Society"was organized, and it is beNovember 1929, the Era was comWorld War II, our YMMIA has lievedmore ofthatthethemeetings.Prophet attendedMeeting withtwo andthe perhapsMutual

bined with the Young Woman's grown phenomenally with the Church thatgeneralthe boardmovementin 1900,commencedElder Heberas earlyJ. asGrant1852. saidIn

Journal, a publication that had as it has worked with the youth, addPolysophical1854-55 ElderSociety.LorenzoPresidentSnow Josephhad organizedF. Smith oncethe

served the Young Women's Mutual ing to its program a variety of activirecentlyrecalled received,in the Eraindicating(Octoberthat1907)in thea letterfall ofhe 1853,had since 1889. Since that time the Era ties, such as junior basketball, volleyPresident Heber C. Kimball called George Gardner,

has served the Church, as well as ball, and track tournaments. On calla blacksmithto your nearassistanceMfll Creek,the bestto help"take youthe canlead find.and

I want the you young in to hunt up all men the Farm, Creek, Mill Churchthe Mutuals, as a general magazine. August 31, 1945, YMMIA enrolment Thenand around and Canget together at least them once a

their feet bearing testimony on An early activity of the YMMIA was 49,367; today it is 158,619. week,yon Creek,and getandthem

was the calling of fulltime missionSo the YMMIA has grown from tonamedthe truthby Presidentof the gospel."Kimball Amongas prospectivethe youngmembersmen

F. Smith, future Patriarch

of the Church.aries who went from community to humble beginnings to its present posiwereto theJohnChurchSmithandandPresidentJoseph

in organization Springville, in Utah,community, laboring with young tion. It is true that an organization theTherespringwasofan1866. In Salt these City were Lake

men, striving with and encouraging is effective only as it touches the lives organizations: Twentieth Ward Institute, which'was

them to do better. Elder George of individuals, and we believe that we organizedin the SixteenthDecemberWard;30, 1873;the SixthanotherWardpopularInstructivesociety

Albert Smith, later an apostle, genhave touched the lives of many indiAssociation,Young Men's organizedLiterary Association,in 1873; theorganizedTenth JanuaryWard

Association of 12, 1874; Men's the Thirthe Youngeral superintendent of the YMMIA, viduals for good. Every worker who teenth organized 10, 1874. There March Ward,

filled society of a in several the been the Fourteenth President Church, Wardand had spirit the has caught of YMMIA earlier there just can yearsalso these named. than were And

field in call to missionhis first the organizations City. probably other in Salt ward Lake to that. bear testimony But statistics

just that way. are interesting, and here are some OnfoundedApril in20, Ogden,1873, anotherUtah, atsimilarthe organizationhome of Elderwas

The YMMIA and the Church have of our latest statistics: enrolment, Franklin"Jointly D.withRichardsYWMIA.of the Council of the Twelve.

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Standard plant foods help the West produce better meals at less cost

". j.v if'1 '

Broadcasting of Standard's new uniform chemically blended plant food by airplane can turn sparse hilly acres into rich pasture for livestock

RICHER SOIL means better crops, yet the West has never had food production must increase enough soilbuilding fertilizer. To help meet farmers'needs, 35% to feed the 26</z million

Standard opens a $16 million plant next month which will propeople who'll live here by 1965 duce petroleumderived plant food* in pellet form for Western soils and crops.

This uniform blend of essential plant growth elements is so effective that 400 pounds on an acre of grassland often enables it to feed 3 to 5 times more livestock. On other crops, too, it increases

profits per acre. With this better use of Western land, your family

will get tastier, more nourishing meals for every budget dollar.

"One of many ORTHO PLANT FOODS, made and sold by Standard's whollyowned subsidiary, California SprayChemical Corp.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA puts petroleum progress to work for you

NOVEMBER 1956 845 Speed (Continued fromThe pageUnified797) Churchdents,Schoolhas grownSystemsteadily into a vast important development was impleprogram of 116 fulltime and 236 mented by the late Elder Joseph F. parttime seminaries with 38,285

Merrill of the Council of the Twelve, students in 195556. This movement when it's

who was then Church Commissioner has spread to every high school in of Education. The first teacher was the state of Utah, except two small

Thomas J. Yates. ones, and throughout Idaho, Arizona, urgent This program, which started at Nevada, Oregon, California, WashGranite High School with 71 stuington, Hawaii, and Alberta, Can-

, CN\iN>s>>3s?v>3\5s5&5

independent jeoT Richard L. Evans

Tn any area of activity where two or more people participate, there sometimes comes the question as to whose part is most important—Whose service is most essential?—Who

could get along best without the others? This question of

comparative importance sometimes occurs in communities, in business and industry, in athletics, even in families, and in all organized activity. Fathers who come home tired from

the duties of the day, could feel (and no doubt sometimes do) that theirs is the important part—and that what happens

in the household is more or less a routine matter. But then

sometimes the household becomes disorganized when the one who is most responsible for its activities is absent or ill—and

the indispensable nature of the socalled routine tasks is soon and sharply in evidence. Or let the winner of the livelihood

suddenly become ill or absent, and soon the importance of the part he plays is also sharply apparent. Sometimes children take things very much for granted—or may even feel

that they are imposed upon. But later, with family obligaPrompt claims settlement has tions of their own, when they are faced firsthand with the

always been a policy of problems from which parents have somewhat shielded them,

little of. they by others for once were aware them—which

safely of wives cannot that the MUTUAL OF Husbandsthey soon learn of the weight and the work that was carried suppose and work one is above that of the other, or that both do not, now and ENUMCLAW always, need each other. Nor can children or brothers and

Thousands of Northwest policyholders sisters. And so it is in all society. Innumerable people, most

of safety, provide for us comfort know, and we never whom have been delighted with the prompt services. essential Literally there innumerable such and is no

action they've received in their dealings thing as an independent person—even if some of us somewith Mutual of Enumclaw. If and when times act as if we were. All our lives have become so interfire strikes be sure you're protected by twined that the comparison of Paul is ever more impressed

upon us, as being as true, or more so, as when first it was

Mutual of Enumclaw. written some nineteen centuries ago: "For the body is not

one member, but many.... And the eye cannot say unto

No Membership or Joining Fees the hand, I have no need of thee: nor again the head to the

feet, I have no need of you... Z'1 The fact is that the whole

core and content of life is so dependent upon the performance

MUTUAL.OF need,of othersto be thatgratefulall offor ustheneedservicesall ofof allus, others.and all of us have

ENUMCLAW INSURANCE Jke SpokenJpotien 1/1/{/wordOfa FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

FIRE, AUTO and COMPREHENSIVE..SINCE 1898 PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Home Office: Enumclaw, Washington SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 2, 1956

SALT LAKE BRANCH OFFICE *I Corinthians 12:14, 21. Copyright 1956

909 So. State

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ada, parts of Wyoming, Montana,

Colorado, New Mexico, and Texas.

Requests to start seminary classes \o which of your loved ones have come from eastern seaboard and midwest states.

Last year the releasedtime classes will you give these Bibles were taught by 219 professionally certified and qualified teachers and this Christmas?

thereers—a weretotalalsoof 353572—devotedparttime toteachthe

religious education of youth. And

they are more than teachers—associated closely with the spiritual life

of young men and women, they become also their recreational directors and counselors in serious life problems.

The institutes on the college level had their inception in 1926 at Moscow, Idaho. There are now twenty

fulltime institutes, each of which has a separate building of its own and a fulltime director. In addition there are thirteen parttime institutes and seventeen parttime

teachers. The total enrolment in

195556 in Utah, Arizona, Idaho,

California, Wyoming, Nevada, and For a future brideCanada was 5,558. (See accompany135x The Scofield Reference Bible in beautiful white French

ing list.) Morocco, limp, round corners, gold edges, ornamental gold

The program of the institutes conroll. Family Record. Gift boxed. $15.00

sists of ( 1 ) formal classes in religion in which regular university standards For a reverent young person - of scholarship are maintained and 158x The Scofield Reference Bible in handsome red Frenchfor which college credit often is given;

Morocco, limp, leather lined, round corners, gold edges, orna- (2) a social program which includes mental gold roll. With Family Record. (Also available in

student discussion groups, formal and black.) $15.50

informal parties, dancing, banquets, and other recreational features, most Names,Both theseSubjectBiblesIndex,containandConcordance,colored mapsDictionarywith indexedof ProperAtlas.

of which are sponsored by Lambda Ultrathin Oxford India Paper. Handy size: 4% x 7Vi6> only %"

Delta Sigma chapters; (3) a regular thick.

worship program which in most institutes includes a ward or branch For a serious studentorganization officered and taught by 382x Looseleaf edition of the Scofield Reference Bible, printed institute students, enabling them later with generous margins on special writing quality Oxford India to take over important positions in paper; ideally suited for study purposes; 150 pages (75 sheets)

wards and stakes; (4) a counseling of ruled bond paper for notes; opens flat. Durable Vinyl

program in which college students covers, overlapping edges, round corners, red under gold are given personal consultation with edges. With maps. Large size: 614 x 9 x VA". $22.50

religious counselors.

For wife and motherThe largest single unit in the set in easy to read * Church school system is Brigham 02289x A new Oxford Concordance Bible in of five choice bindings colors. Authoryour—superbYoung University. It was established type references, with center maps, column Version ized King James

by a deed of trust signed in 1875 by Dictionary of Scripture Proper Names, Subject Index, and

President Brigham Young, who sent Concordance. In Natural Grain Morocco, half circuit, leather

Dr. Karl G. Maeser, a German scholar lined, round corners, gold edges. Ultrathin Oxford India

and schoolmaster, to take over the Paper. 5 x IVs, only 1% G // thick. Blue, green, purple, red, or

academy. Brigham Young gave him black. $14.00

these instructions as he departed for AT YOURpAMfrfcttatf BOOKSELLERiAjt*!

Provo: "I want you to remember that you (kfoniAmericas Gift Bi6fe $inc& 1675 ought not to teach even the alphabet

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS. Inc., 114 Fifth Ave., N.Y.II, N.Y.

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1956 847 The Unified Church School System

(Continued from preceding page)

or the multiplication tables without the spirit of God. That is all. God

bless you. Goodbye."

Dr. Maeser started the school with

aUlu twentynine pupils and guided it through nearly two decades of hardship.

It's easy to starch while you rinse Add hot starch to last rinse water, when you use Faultless Starch. (Clothes after filling the tub about half full with The admonition of Brigham Young

get rinsed perfectly starched in and hot water. starch one medium (If you in a is carried of. out in the today as time

easy operation time work!) wringer and washer, run 2 min. machine about Dr. school although the Maeser has First step is to 4 qts. 2 to of in to mix.) articles heavy.make.. saves to Put starched; be

hot starch, following the easy directions rinse and wring (run wringer washer 2-4 grown to national prominence with an on each Faultless Starch box. min.) Wring with loosened wringer. annual cumulative enrolment of

10,675. More than half of these stuAS GOES SUMMER

Ethelyn M. Kincher How to starch By

HThere was a frost last night; the ivy vine

Is sagging on the wall its tendrils chose.

bush, infinite by design, some deep kept the thorn while you rinse AHas the rose. and cast away

Now every tree takes on a gipsy dress,

The wind sighs of the winter days to come;

The sun has lost some of its warm caress,

And fields are finished with the harvest's hum.

So now against the cold I lay my fire,

And bring out memories to warm my heart.

I will recall the spring and young desire,

And columbines in summer's fairest art.

These things endure as long as memory

And cannot pass with seasons, transiently.

dents come from outside the state of

Utah, and the source of students is just about coextensive with the

If you have an automatic washer (with Heavy articles such as work and play geography of the Church. The stuslipcovers, cycle drapes, that wash and rinse throw can stopped clothes, be rugs, dents represent most of the stakes of full half and reset), fill about with starched etc., can be quickly and easily medium

hot water. Add 2-4 qts. heavy hot Faultwith the Faultless StarchRinse. And bethe Church, many missions, all of

less Starch. 2 Faultless Starch penetrates machine min. to cause about Run so deeply the states of the Union and twentyin articles everything mix starched. gets a longwear- starch. Put to be and evenly,

Run 2-4 min. Drain. Spin dry 1-2 min. ing, beautiful and dirtresisting finish! nine foreign countries.

To teach the rapidly growing student body, BYU has increased its faculty to five hundred and is constructing buildings rapidly to meet the upsurge.

Oarents and young Latterday * Saints everywhere should consider the advantages of complete education as offered by the Unified

Church School System in its schools or in the religion classes which supplement public schools. President J.

Ironing is quick and easy, too—a joy, There is no quicker, easier, better way Reuben Clark, Jr., from the pulpit at

it'snot starched! Unlike Starch. Faultless to starch with than a job—when It's Brigham Young University, hasstarches finest the surface "coat"the starch that merely laundry can buy. money

of fabrics, Faultless Starch penetrates—Look for it in this familiar package—new pointed out that inspiration has gone

leaves starch globs to in starch no undissolved the blue box, Perfumed mar Blued & hand in hand with hard work since

Faultless for Starch regular of your ironing.the beauty white in the box. white Look

gives you ironingaids already mixed in! it at your grocer's. the Church was brought forth by

actual application of the admonition

FREE BOOKLET to help you do perfect starching and easy ironing with less work is of James: "If any of you lack wisdom,

yours on request. Send your name and address to Faultless Starch Co., Kansas City 1, Mo. let him ask of God...."

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "This great promise, in measure a command, has been repeated over and over again by the Lord to us of this day,"said President Clark. "He

has never permitted us to forget it.

It is basic to the whole plan of the restored gospel. It means that God

still speaks to men in pulpits, before altars, in laboratories, in workshops, in plowed fields, in the bowels of the earth, on the mountain heights, in our secret chambers of prayer—wherever

men move and work and search, there revealshe speaks and to them the of truthseternal the wonderful the universe, mysteries of God."

Annual Cumulative new LD.S, books

Institution Enrolment Brigham Young University (regular daytime) 10,675 BYU Extension (off campus, night, etc.) 5,005

BYU Secondary Laboratory School 350 BYU Elementary Laboratory School 212 Ricks College (regular daytime) 999 Ricks Extension 467 McCune School of Music and Art 2,085 LDS Business College 1,700 Juarez Academy and Elementary Schools 456

Seminaries 38,285 Motherhood by Lundstrom

Institutes 5,558 A partnership with God. The

clear picture of a Latter Day 65,792 Saint woman's world as it was, is, and should be, 3.50

Research in Genealogy E. Kay Kirkham answers quesThe Deseret Sunday School tions and problems of those starting genealogy study or those

advanced in the work, 4.00

(Continued from page 801) I Thee Wed by Skidmore probably first used at the April conAn experienced and religious ference of 1887. The Sunday School answer to problems arising in

Superintendency were George Q. early and later married life. AdCannon, general superintendent; vice for a happy marriage, 2.00

George Goddard, first assistant; John Tell Me A Story

Morgan, second assistant. A group of fifty stories from

Tn 1897 George D. Pyper was chos- "The Children's Friend", to

*- en secretary of the Sunday School Interestingstress integrityand useful,and character.3,00

general board, serving as secretary, ZCM! BOOKS—Street Floor

generalassistant superintendent, and years. for fortysixsuperintendent He MailMARGOTordersMANNERS,to: ZCMI 1 ]/| E

compiled Deseret Sunday School Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Songs, which was published in 1909. Please send the following new L.D.S. books:

This delightful book taught the gosQuart. Title Price

pel in song to Sunday School members for thirtynine years and until the present hymnbook was published in 1948. Cash [JCharae DC.O.D.

At the close of 1900 the Deseret Name

Sunday School Union purchased The Address

Juvenile Instructor from George Q. City Zone State,

Cannon and family. In 1930 the Include 12# postage on each book. Utah residents add

(Concluded on following page) 2% State Sales Tax.

NOVEMBER 1956 849 later published as quarterlies and

The Deseret Sunday School Union finally as manuals with teachers'sup- (Concluded from preceding page) arrange supporting topics logically, to plements. Each embraces a full

name of this indispensable "right arm provide timely illustrations from variyear's work.

of the Sunday School"was changed ous sources, and finally to write out These manuals, one for each year, to The Instructor to broaden its con- a practical application of the lesson are adapted to the age levels of chilnotation. in the child's life. At a weekly prepadren from nearly three years of age

Lesson helps are now published in ration meeting for all officers and to adulthood. Classes are arranged

the form of manuals and teachers'teachers in each ward, every detail in twoyear cycles.

is Instructor theresupplements. The of following the Sunday's was work of study course School Sunday nPHE its to able concentrate broader on specifically programmed. * entire plan, gospel with the covers for gospel teachmagazine each once a meetingbymission—a union At restoration special the emphasis oners auxiliaries, in the priesthood all officers of the teachers and month the Prophet of gospel through the in thequorums, home. and instructions for general stake met are taught Lessons Smith. Joseph April 1901, George In Cannon Q. stake and superintendency the from historias doctrinal a as well an from first ashisdied. George Goddard, conducted department, each then by opporstandpoint, with cal abundantsistant, his in died 1899 had and stake trained board specially a by participation. class for tunity in assistant, Karl G. Maeser,second a through been had member who to the Sunassignment made The 1901. a general boardFebruary At to prepare series meetings of weekly

is First Presidency the School by day President 9, 1901,meeting May for his meeting. union Each him to the gospel to the teach membergeneral appointedLorenzo was Snow this union teacher from away came

is its of obThis the Church. ship his insuperintendent. death At for outlines lesson four meeting with that gospel to the teach jective—so F. President 1901,October Joseph or a suggested ahead, aim the month its of testimony conviction a and general superinappointedSmith was illustrations, applicaobjective, and as strong follow, will so truthfulness until servingtendent, November living to for tions them each make in the result in a determination to1918. O. Elder was David McKay pupils. lives of the lessons in the live to of by heart every member superintengeneral appointedthen President 8, April 1906, McKay On standards. gospel to until called asdent, serving such of the to called the Council was effectively, a teaching such do To 1934. in First Presidencythe October to memberimmediately Twelve and for children School Sunday Junior general as served D. PyperGeorge general School the ship Sunday on to eight or nine three almost from to 1934 Octobersuperintendent from later Six board. he was months in or three of taught years age and to 1943. 1943 MarchJanuary From suassistant general chosen second Senior a Sungroups, age four and 1949 Bennion Milton wasSeptember the that time perintendent. on From or eight nine for students School day superintendent; fromgeneral and refinevarious improvements and in of are provided years age and up time, to present the 1949September preparation in lesson and ments branches. all larger wards and in that Hill served R. hasGeorge in out presentation worked Weber parent in genealogy, and Coursescapacity. adopted by passed Stake and were on gospel child, youth, and parent and

President David O. McKay has the other stakes of the Church. Union doctrine are also taught. A twenty-

* made outstanding contributions meetings, until then rather desultory six week preservice teacher training to Latterday Saint Sunday Schools. affairs, rose to new highs. course, usually held during the worAfter graduating from the University Clearcut departmentalization of ship service when classrooms are

of Utah in 1897 and spending two Sunday Schools took place in the next available, is taught in most wards. A

years as a missionary in Scotland, he ten years, with many new departgospel essentials class for investigators was made second assistant superinments added. Moreover, a weekly and friends, for new converts, for

tendent of Weber Stake Sunday family home night when parents members of the Senior Aaronic PriestSchools in 1899, under Superintenmight have a regular evening each hood and members of mixed families, dent Thomas B. Evans. He was week to spend with their children is also provided.

given the responsibility for classwork. was advocated. Parents were helped A general board of seventy memFor the next six years, with Weber by the parent's class in Sunday bers holds annual superintendents'

Stake Sunday Schools and board as School. conferences, conventions, and insti-

a laboratory, he worked out methods, At the October conference in 1928 tutes to acquaint and train stake organization, and procedures for the the Sunday School and priesthood board members of the 229 stakes of preparation, presentation, and appliclasses were merged to form the priestthe Church in the procedures and cation of Sunday School lessons. His hood Sunday School. After a few years helps they in turn should give to

plan included a careful grading of they were separated, the length of ward and branch Sunday School students and a definite course of study Sunday School was shortened from workers at monthly preparation meetfor each department. With stake two hours to ninety minutes, necesings, faculty meetings, on visits to

board supervisors for each departsitating reducing the time for song Sunday Schools, and with individual ment and a permanent and adequate practice to ten minutes, eliminating ward Sunday School workers.

teaching force in each ward, he the concert recitation, and streamThe Era is a great source of help taught these workers how to outline lining all other features of the proin the preparation of Sunday School lessons for effective presentation. gram. lessons in providing abundant and

Teachers were asked to study each The Sunday School lessons which timely illustrations. It should be in

lesson at home, to decide upon a were developed for the priesthood every ward Sunday School library as definite aim or objective for each, to Sunday School were perfected and well as in every home.

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Welfare in the Church (Continued from page 811) the present time we have thirtyone modern, clean, and wellsupervised canneries, and two milkprocessing units. These are a tribute to the work

of this early committee, to the local'people who contribute time and effort toward maintaining high processing standards, and to the expert and untiring efforts of Brother John L.

Campbell who, from 1942 until his death in July 1956, served as Churchcanning supervisor. SAFEWAY

the acquired 1944 theTn Church. A Friend of the Family

located MillA Deseret and Elevators at Kaysville, Utah, for the purpose Just about everyone knows that SAFEWAY'S consistently of milling flour and cereal and maklow prices have helped mothers buy more with the grocery ing feeds for livestock on Church welallowance. Therefore, SAFEWAY has become a friend of

fare projects. This has been a most the WHOLE FAMILY.

successful operation, and in 1950 additional concrete elevators were constructed to hold 164,000 bushels of grain.

In 1947 the general Church welfare committee took over the active operation of the Deseret Coal Mine in

Emery County, Utah. The mine had

been operated on a small scale by the

Central Utah.- Region. This mine

now supplies all the coal required by the welfare program, in additionto supplying coal to all Church inSAFEWAY stitutions and chapels in Utah and A Friend of the Farmer

Idaho. Much of the food sold throughout SAFEWAY'S stores is The welfare program has proved

is a good exampleitself in many emergencies, some of bought from local farmers. BEET SUGAR

which are mentioned in the followof how SAFEWAY works with Utah and Idaho farmers.

ing paragraphs. BEET SUGAR meets every requirement for table and canThe welfare plan moved into the ning use in home and industry, a sugar that has the highest

emergency of the flood in Mt. quality rating.

Graham Stake, Arizona, September 1941 largely with supplemental asLast year SAFEWAY purchased $1,307,300 of homefour UtahIdaho companiessistance—to permit the flood victims grown BEET SUGAR from

to help themselves. Bedding, fencing, Amalgamated, Franklin, Layton, and UtahIdaho sugar

feed for cattle, and building materials companies.

were provided along with heavy Much of this sugar was purchased for shipment to Safeequipment for reclaiming farms. way stores in other areas.

Nine thousand man hours were contributed under welfare program Thousands of pounds of Beet Sugar also went into the direction in cleaning sixty basements manufacture of Safeway's wellknown Party Pride Ice Cream, and one hundred fifty yards and Skylark Bread and other bakery goods.

parking areas, in August 1945 when Utah and Idaho Safeway Stores have ALWAYS'boosted a flood on the avenues in Salt Lake Beet Sugar because the beet sugar industry was born in the

City occurred. Some food and clothWest, the same as SAFEWAY, and what helps the Utahing was distributed as bishops found

Idaho farmers also helps Safeway.

need.

When a flood ravaged Mt. PleasSAFEWAY IS A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY

ant, Utah, (July 1946) 5,280 man... AND A FRIEND OF THE FARMER

hours were donated by Church members in cleaning out fiftynine homes yards.and pJ- f The entire town of Vanport, Ore-

(Concluded on following page) MM 851NOVEMBER 1956 Welfare in the Church year ending 1955 reveals the following interesting information:

(Concluded from preceding page) man gave willing consent and was 1. There are now 26 welfare regon, was submerged, May 1948. The very much surprised to learn that gions.

welfare program administered to the we had in our warehouses the sup- 2. The program now contains 689

needs of Church members and led plies all ready to send. welfare production projects, largely

them to adequate rehabilitation. When our last shipment reached in the field of agriculture but also in

Fiftyeight thousand, three hunEurope in 1949, the Church welfare manufacturing.

dred and one man hours were had shipped 133 carloads of food, 3. The bishops'storehouse system

donated by 6,606 Church members clothing, and bedding valued at more now contains 140 bishops'storehouse under welfare program guidance on than one million dollars. Untold units.

flood projects in the April 1952 suffering had been relieved, and in 4. From 1943 through 1955 an

emergency in Salt Lake City. The the words of Elder Delbert L. Stapley average of approximately 50,000 peoRelief Society served flood workers at the October 1955 general conferple a year have been assisted in some

more than.5,000 meals. Eight hunence: "I sincerely believe and am way through the welfare plan with

dred twenty -three Church members bold enough to suggest that one of cash and commodities. In 1955 alone

donated 9,880 hours in cleaning and the chief foundations and contributmore than 8,000 people found emreclaiming 74 homes. Doctors, nurses, ing factors leading to the erecting of ployment in commercial enterprise

and Relief Society sisters donated the Swiss Temple, with all its blessthrough the welfare plan and more more than 2,000 hours in giving over ings to the European Saints, can be than 92,000 people donated approxi15,000 injections to 5,734 flood viccredited to this magnificent welfare mately 790,000 hours of labor totims to prevent spread of disease. effort."ward the operation and construction

The flood at Yuba City, California, The welfare program contributed of welfare projects.

December 1955 received the attention more than eight hundred quilts and Through the welfare plan memof about five thousand man hours of blankets to the Netherlands governbers of the Church have become incontributed labor cleaning out homes ment in July 1953 to assist flood creasingly aware of their responsiand reclaiming and repairing home victims there. In February 1954, the bility to maintain their own indefurnishings, appliances and supplies. program sent six carloads of food to pendence. Many Church members

Four large truck loads of food, cloththe earthquake victims on the Greekhave organized in their own homes ing, bedding, and furniture were sent owned Ionian Islands. food storage programs. Many have

from general Church warehouses to followed the counsel that we avoid

In addition, generous contributions debt, increase our savings, and live relieve suffering.

At the close of World War II in have been made throughout the years within our incomes.

1946, President George Albert Smith to Community Chest activities and The lifegiving and lifepreserving and other Church leaders met with alcoholic rehabilitation centers. principles of the Church welfare plan

President Harry Truman to gain perremain unchanged, and rich blessings mission to send food, clothing, bedPhe foregoing represent some of the are yet available to members of the ding, and other supplies to our needy *- high lights of welfare program Church who heed counsel and follow members in Europe. President Truactivities throughout the years. The and participate in the welfare plan.

let my servant William [Law] be apThe Patriarchal Priesthood pointed, ordained, and anointed, as (Continued from page 789) 1830, a few days after the organiza- a counselor unto my servant Joseph,

Just why it was continued through tion of the Church. In this revelain the room of my servant Hyrum,

Ephraim rather than through Manastion the Lord said to him: that my servant Hyrum may take the

seh, his older brother, we have not "Behold, I speak unto you, Hyrum, office of Priesthood and Patriarch, been informed, but we may be sure a few words; for thou also art under which was appointed unto him by

that the Lord had sufficient reason. no condemnation, and thy heart is his father, by blessing and also by

From that time until now, this birthopen, and thy tongue loosed; and thy right;

vestedright has is been in the decalling forever, the... unto church shall "That henceforth from he

2 ofscendants Ephraim. of family."because thy and this blessof the keys the patriarchal hold

In the Dispensation of the Fulness This appears to be a clear intimaings upon the heads of all my people, live,of in the Lord Times which we tion after that he descendants and his shall blesses "That whosoever he this of birthright that therevealed this patriarchal should hold him aublessed, be and whosoever he curses 3 Israel tofirstborn in belonged Joseph thority. shall be cursed; that whatsoever he

of fatherSmith, Prophet, the the and

After of the Patriarch the death shall earth shall be bind on bound the first patriarchhe ordained was

Smith, Smith, Joseph shall in heaven; who Sr., Hyrum whatsoever and he

in this dispensation. After his death

serving in counselor as second was loose on earth shall be loosed inthe office and priesthood was con- 4 of the First Presidency the Church, heaven.

ferred Smith, the Prophupon Hyrum

is was called to take the office of patriIn the same blessing and appointliving brother.et's oldest There

arch, and the Lord said: ment an additional authority wasan interesting statement in a revelation given to Hyrum Smith in April "And again, verily I say unto you, conferred upon Hyrum Smith, for he

2 1 Ghron. 5:1-2; Jcr. 31:9; D & C 133:3034. SD & C 23:3. Hbid., 124:9193. See also verses 93125.

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA was appointed to be an assistant

President of the Church in the place of Oliver Cowdery, and all the keys and authorities that were given to

Oliver were transferred to Hyrum

Smith. 5 Today in each stake of Zion a patriarch is ordained, in some cases more than one. The patriarchs are

authorized to give blessings to all faithful members of the Church, within the borders of the stake in which they live, who come properly recommended by their bishops.

Hbid., verses 9495.

Church Historian's Office

(Continued from page 795)

Ghost while acting as Historians or clerks for the Church, and may we keep a true and faithful record and history of Thy Church and Kingdom and Thy servants, and may it be kept in that way and manner that it may be acceptable unto Thee, O Lord, and unto Thy servants, the presidencyof Thy Church. And we dedicate Sinks take a

this house unto Thee, from the foundation to the top thereof; and we pray

that the spirit and power of the

Devil may never have dominion over any man, or power or place in the so why not design your new kitchen mind of any man who labors in this around a Stainless Steel sink and room. counter top? No other metal resists

"And we ask Thee to bless us and corrosion so well. Handsome sinks

prosper us in all things, and we pray and tops won't chip; they are unthat Thou wilt bring to our rememaffected by the hottest utensils and

brance all things which are neceswipe clean with a damp cloth.

sary to the writing of this history.

And that papers and documents and all things necessary may be brought to us, to enable us to compile a right, useful and proper history."

The building was also used for many important meetings of the preUNITED STATES STEELsiding brethren. The growth of the

Church and the increasing number of records made known the need of * PROFOUND A Book for larger quarters for the Historian's * STIMULATING YOUR FAMILY

Office. In 1914 the cornerstone of * INTERESTING

the beautiful Church Office Building was laid, and in 1917 the Historian's "Gospel Ideals"Office was moved from its old home to the third floor of this new building. In Its Third Edition

Here, in steel vaults, cases, and

Selections from the Discourses of shelves, have been gathered thouof records.sands other books and It President David O. McKay office to of thisis the gather all aim

books, pamphlets, tracts, newspapers, records, etc., published by the Church $4.00 at all bookdealers

(Concluded on following page) NOVEMBER 1956 853 Church Historian's Office

(Concluded from preceding page) and excommunications which have and those written by members of the taken place in the Church.

Church; those books pertaining to When Elder George A. Smith was

Western History, especially when chosen as first counselor to President dealing with the Mormons; also books Brigham Young, Elder Albert Carwritten by nonMormons which are rington became Church Historian

friendly in their nature and those and General Church Recorder. He

written by antiMormons. We have was succeeded in turn by Elders

also in the Historian's Office hunOrson Pratt, Wilford Woodruff, dreds of early records of the missions, Franklin D. Richards, Anthon H.

and since 1907 all the records of Lund, and the present incumbent, births, baptisms, ordinations, deaths, Elder Joseph Fielding Smith.

The General Music Committee of the ChurchMEN TO (Continued from page 814) our various types of gatherings, it isMATCH tion of good, appropriate music divided into four sections, one for literature, (4) training of music mixed groups, one for priesthoodMY leadership, (5) organization of ward meetings, and one for gatherings of choirs, (6) encouragement of home women. The other section consistsMOUNTAINS composers. of hymns to be sung by ward choirs.

By Irving Stone, author of Sensing the importance of congreThese choir hymns are unique to our "Lust for Life"and gational singing as a medium through Church. They were Written by our

all vocally worship which for may choirs the early composers toown "Love Is Eternal"gether, constantly the committee has trathe they directed from and differ

The great names that opened and built encouraged this phase of musical exditional hymn in that their vocal until arethe 1840 from 1900 West all in pression, only not in Sacrament meetrange is greater and their music more this fascinating book. Prominently new also in the priesthood ings but and florid. areincluded Young, Brannan Bfigham Sam

also auxiliary organizations. It has hisother inand names famous Mormon the three congregational Each of

tory. Controversial C. Fremont; John to provide appropriate conKit sought serve purpose, a definite songbooks Clayton,Carson, "Broken Jim Hand"Fitzpatrick, and other famous "mountain gregational song literature for the and together they fill the basic needs

the tragedystalkedmen;"Donners and membership. Church

Sutter, fabulousReeds, opportunist John Following Pike, the publication of Emma ofin allthe typesChurch.of congregational singing Hastings,Lansford Zebulon and

collection Smith's original of hymns, the ofGeneral heroes West Kearny—the

... all here,are big as life the and additions rasvarious and substitutions

cals, too! of their pageant The

until were in 1889 the made LDS isstories told in fascinating detail—andinterwoven

had, measure,each an in some first effect on finally the emerged, Psalmody /ne generalof themusicmajorcommitteeactivities ofis thethe the others. These Were the men who sizable hymnbook of the Church conmusic education program which it the the deserts, Rockies conqueredtamed

and the Sierras, the men who dreamed taining both words and music. Since sponsors. This program is one of

great dreams, built great cities and railthe advent of the Psalmody, several farreaching significance and has atroads, found gold and tracted the attention and interest of of destiny, thethe men silver.men toThesematchwerethe congregational hymnbooks have come

mountains and shape the pattern of history. into existence. music educators and music leaders of

$5.95 other churches throughout the naOne of the Mainstream of America series. Tn 1947 the general music committee tion. It was first instituted in 1935

*- was given the assignment by the with the approval and support of the

First Presidency to compile three First Presidency. From a modest beDesGrctlSSBooh41 East South Temple -- Salt lake Cily. UtahCo,:Jum hymnbookbooks for generalfor adultChurchgatherings,use: (1)(2)a scopeginningandit hasis nowhad aChurchgreat -wideinfluencein

DESERET BOOK COMPANY a recreational songbook, and (3) a in raising the quality of our music

East 44 South Temple Salt City, Lake Utah children's songbook. These books leadership.

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check were to replace all others then in The aim of the program is to devel-

( ) money order ( ) charge to my account circulation. The result of the comop confidence and leadership ability

the following amount $ for mittee's efforts are found in the presin the great army of people, many copies of MEN TO MATCH MY MOUNent Hymns, Church of Jesus Christ of them young in years and experiTAINS. of Latterday Saints (1950 edition), ence, who are called to serve as conName... Recreational Songs, and The Children ductors and organists of ward choirs

Address Sing. and in the various auxiliary organizaCity Zone..:.., State The present hymbook is the most tions. The instruction is given on a

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. utilitarian and unusual of any other group basis with approximately twenAdd 15c postage. yet published. To meet the needs of ty conductors and ten organists in

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a class. A complete course consists musical forces. Thousands of these The committee has always enof twelve twohour lessons. The booklets are distributed annually to deavored to encourage those who are

teaching is done by outstanding those responsible for the music proseriously bent on the study of church

Church musicians, some of whom gram of the Church. music. It is hoped that those who

travel from stake to stake in order to Another project of the general are pursuing music as a vocation will make it possible for those in the far music committee is to encourage the contribute greatly in providing leadercenters of the Church to receive the organization and maintenance of ship and in building a music literais choirs. This donehelp and inspiration they have to good ward ture truly representative of the

offer. clinics, helps, choir printed through gospel. restored

The popularity of this training is combined ward choir festivals, and evidenced by the constant requests the distribution of appropriate choir of rPHE music in future the Church into the committee'sthat pour published has office music. committee The A is full of promise. TaberThe the stakes of thefrom Church asking is conseveral books and anthem

the opportunity to participate. More tinually examining thousands of nacle Choir and other large choruses,

than 23,000 students have enrolled compositions to find those worthy of the constant growth in number and and received training under this prorecommendation to choir leaders. quality of ward choirs, the great Salt

gram since its inception. Lake Tabernacle organ, the many

To help meet the needs peculiar to organs that are being installed in the the conductors and organists of our ward chapels, the very fine musical FROST ON A WINDOW programs of the auxiliary organizaChurch, the committee has published two textbooks, Fundamentals of ConBy Anobel Armour tions, the contributions of our uniducting by J. Spencer Cornwall, and HPhe sun has come, and I am strangely lost versity to music, are all factors

The Organist's Manual by Tracy Without my window trees which were showing the way to greater heights frost, white of musical expression. But all theseY. Cannon. The committee's handthey were like the forests which I knew, For

book, Some General RecommendaThe mountain forests where green pine avenues of expression must be cotions Concerning Music in the winds blew. ordinated, encouraged, and kept in

Church, provides the answers to many For though I would not go back if I could, harmony with the principles of the questions on Church music policies Finding my prairie man and furrows good, gospel. So let this be our motto:

My heart stops suddenly at seeing trees, and contributes to the proper underEven if only frost and frail—like these. Variety of expression, but unity of

standing of the organization of the purpose.

Never before has the great story of the Mormons been so skillfully woven into the epic of the American West

MEN TO MATCH MY MOUNTAINS THE OPENING OF THE FAR WEST, 18401900

story of peace in Zion are at last placed into proper perspective. Only the author of by I rvm Ston Lust For Life and Love Is Eternal could g have written this sweeping narrative of the

mighty men who conquered California,

Nevada, Utah, and Colorado to build a new ou'll be absorbed as you read this superb civilization in an untamed land. A rich Ynew book by one of America's great writers reading prize for all Americans, Men To

—in which the founding of the LatterDay Match My Mountains will be particularly

Saints, the struggles and accomplishments absorbing for its accurate chronicle of the of Brigham Young, Heber Kimball, Orson birth and growth of The Church of Jesus

Pratt, and other Mormon pioneers, and the Christ of LatterDay Saints.

Mainstream of America Series $5.95; the autographed Far West edition, $10; at all booksellers

DOUBLEDAY & CO., INC.

NOVEMBER 1956 The Church Moves On

page 776) {Concluded from Elders and Isaac Lloyd E. Howard BANK SERVICES president, B. Jacobson and Elders James Pratt Elders as counselors. Sorensen

, pin pointed to Theand Davidstake G.is madeClark upas hisof counselors.Woodland dentand HowardSmith ofwerethe counselorsold San Fernandoto Presiyour needs Hills,Reseda Encino,Second, ConogaGranada Park,Hills Reseda,wards, Stake. With a membership of 4,003,

and the Simi Branch. The stake's the stake consists of Studio City, North

membership is 3,283. Hollywood, North Hollywood Second,

Burbank Stake organized from porand Burbank wards, all from the San tions of San Fernando and Glendale Fernando Stake, and Burbank Second (California) stakes, with President Ward, formerly Sunset Ward, from the

James D. Pratt as its president and Glendale Stake.

(c>3sr3\9s>s3\3V;s-7v39sK2v3s-9\3

thoviakts'? we think Jhe

Richard L. Evans

Complete Banking Tt was Cicero who said: "To think is to live."1 Many other

* eminent observers have suggested the prime importance

Service of the thoughts a person thinks—for thoughts are the forerunners both of utterance and of action. Sometimes we will

hear someone say, "If I had only thought, I would have done 2 1/2% INTEREST differently."But for every rational deed we do, at some time

On Insured Savings or other, we must have set the pattern, we must have thought

Compounded Semi Annually the thought. Sometimes people complain that they cannot

control what they think. Perhaps they cannot altogether

Checking Accounts always; but if there could be no control of thought, there

could be no control of action. There is nothing constructive

Trust service in fiduciary done without its being preceded by plan and purpose. The

capacities, abstracts of blueprint precedes the building—if not on paper, at least a

title and title insurance. blueprint in a man's mind. And similarly it is suggested that

before the unworthy or destructive act or utterance, comes first the thought—maybe not with complete awareness of its

Member consequences, but sometime, somewhere, there must first

Federal have been the mental plan and pattern of mind and imaginaReserve

System tion. Sometime, somewhere, within the mind, the spirit,

the intelligence, the knowing part of a person, there must first have been the mental commitment. But just because

a person thinks something doesn't mean that he is helpless

UTAH SAVINGS thoughts,before thewethought;should alsofor ifbe wehelplesswere tohelplesscontroltoourcontrolactionsour

TRUST CO. and the Lord God hasn't left us in such helplessness; he expects us to move toward improvement and perfection, which

235 SOUTH MAIN STREET would not be possible unless we could, increasingly, crowd

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH out evil or unworthy intent by thinking clean, constructive thoughts. There is still and always before us the ancient

scriptural axiom: "... as he thinketh in his heart, so is he."-

And all of us have an obligation to determine what we will think about, what we will read, what we will study, what we "Enter into his gates with thankswill give our attention to. And no one of us would be justigiving, and into his courts with fied in assuming that he is in no way responsible for the

praise: be thankful unto him, thoughts he thinks. If we don't want to build the building, his and bless name. For the Lord

is good; his mercy is everlasting; there is no point in making the blueprint. If we don't want

and his truth endureth to all to invite action, we'd better not think the thought.

1 Cicero: Tusculanac disputationes, V. 45 B. C. generations."—Ps. 100:4-5. 23:7. 2Proverbs

Jh& Jpokenken vi/oraWord 'from temple square LEON BROWN PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING FLORAL COMPANY SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 9, 1956 5th South10th West Phone EM 4-5544 Copyright 1956 $

Salt Lake City, Utah

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President Don, Carlos Brown, Jr.,

sustained as president of the San

Fernando Stake, with Elders James E.Craddock and Robert L. Baird as counBIND YOUR

selors. The stake now consists of SherONLY

man Oaks, Van Nuys, Van Nuys SecImprovement Eras ond, Van Nuys Third, Pacoima, SanFernando, San Fernando Second wards, $00 for years of future use and Newhall Branch. The stake membership is now 4,884.

Elders Spencer W. Kimball and Letg**"f\&rrv—-.?a* * only atGrand Richards of the Council of the

Twelve effected these changes.

President Marion D. Hanks of the DESERETFirst Council of the Seventy dedicated \

the remodeled and enlarged chapel of NEWS PRESSthe Coltman Ward, North Idaho Falls -A (Idaho) Stake.

The valuable instruction and reference Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate There Were Jaredites closematterat inhandThe inImprovementbound volumeEraformwill forbe Up to 150 miles 43 year's each future miles have use if you 150 to 49 300 (Continued 819) from page the Deseret issues bound by handsomely to.59 miles 300 600

is necesplus cost Press. $3 Theis exactly miles a 73 600 to 1000 how Jordanes, issues 12 each bound. for Goth who Newssary postage

witnessed the events of the time, deAll orders must be accompanied with 1000 to 1400 miles 88 scribed it. 26 paymentrate guidein toadvance.determineUsepostagethe followingcosts. Over1400 to18001800milesmiles.....1.061.23

Attila sets up his stath, or administration center, in Susam (Soest) and there receives a constant stream ofembassies from the whole earth, while Deseret News Press he sends his messengers abroad to THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS proclaim and execute his will. (Ch. 31 RICHARDS STREET EMpire 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

47, 48.) Priscus, who actually visited

the court of Attila on the Steppes, describes it as a woodand-tent city, 350 TABLE/675 CHAIR/*712714 CHINA BUFFET dominated by the huge palisade and ofbuildings the central palace—all

of Likewise our wood. 27 saga (Ch.

252) tells us that the great castles of the time were all of wood. In the

royal economy the amount of stuff that changes hands in the form of gifts is enormous: it is acquired on

cattle raids.great raids-—primarily

(Ch. 51.) Attila is the soul of generosity, but he has his motives: "To win

a man over to him he would give him clothing, weapons, and a horse."

(Ch. 145.) "He took cattle and

wealth away from his enemies and gave it to his friends"(Ch. 181) is a

formula that might have been taken right out of the Avesta.

In return his friends were bound to him by terrible oaths. (Ch. 241.)

Before a knight could "ride,"that is, go forth alone on an adventure, he had to receive royal permission after first explaining exactly where he was going and what he was going to do;

and on return his first duty was to go immediately to the royal castle and report. (Ch. 149.) Gifts were AVAILABLE AT LEADING FURNITURE AND DEPARTMENT STORES

proportionate to the value of services VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO., Los Angeles 45, California

the include could evenrendered, and "GOD GRANTS LIBERTY ONLY TO THOSE WHO LOVE IT AND ARE ALWAYS READY TO GUARD AND DEFEND IT "Dan.ei Webstepage) (Continued on following

NOVEMBER 1956 857 There Were Jaredites ZwickerJubainville,(Ed.),op. cit.,Fontespp. Historiae15, 57, 60ff,Religionis98; J.

Celticae (Berlin 1934), ii, 143-4.

(Continued preceding page) Irish Jubainville, D. from 4H. Mythological The

cit., op. "Geoffrey, Ill, 5 (ed. Griscom, pp. Celtic Cycle and (Dublin, Mythology 1903), classic of bestowal the of the hand Iff for the 28 version) op. cit.,; Rhys, Welsh 72f, 1921, 7693, 146155; Morris, pp. Henry king's half daughter the 13. with king- p.

]nl. Partholon Legend,"Soc. "The Royal of

dom as dowry. (Ch. 159.) Antiquaries, LXVII (June 1937), 5772. I2It is also identical with a tumulus and

(To be continued) 5Jubainville, op. cit., pp. 91f. Geoffrey, op. subterranean palace—the world of the dead

cit., IX, 11. to which the ancient Celts were so attached.

BIBLIOGRAPHY eChadwick, Growth of Lit., pp. 66ff. See Jubainville, op. cit., pp. 146ff.

fL. R. Palmer, The Latin Language (Lon7Geoffrey, op. cit., Ill, 7. "Geoffrey, op. cit., VI, 3-4 for this and a

don: Faber & Faber, 1954), pp. 52f, 36. 8Joinville, Chronicle of St. Louis (Everygreat deal more to the same effect.

2Geoffrey of Monmouth, Historia Britanman Edition), pp. 148-9. "Rhys, op. cit., pp. 155ff, 160ff, 562; Mary

niae, IX, 1; Cf. Ill, 7. "Goeffrey, Bk. ix. Williams, "An Early Welsh Ritual Poem,"

3This was Luernius, in Athenaeus, Deip1GJohn Rhys, Celtic Heathendom (HibSpeculum, XIII (1938), 38ff; A. H. Krappe,

nosoph., IV, 34, 15; 37 (152). bert Lectures, 1886), pp. 608, 584, 412; "Who Was the Green Knight?"ibid., XIII,

213ff; R. Heinzel, "Ueber die franzozischen

Gralromane,"in Wiener Akad. Denkschr.

40 (1892); and especially Von Schroeder,

"Die Wurzeln vom hlg. Gral,"ibid., 166

(19I0f), Pt. i.

Percy, 15Thos. Essay on Ancient Minstrels

iii.Continue Your Education in England,

ll!This whole theme is treated at length

by Hermann Schneider in two works which clearly illustrate the complete change of thought that has taken place on the subject of the epic milieu between the two dates of publication. They are H. Schneider, Germanische Heldensage (Berlin &

Leipzig, 1928), pp. 1-42, and Heldendichtung, Geistlichendichtung Ritterdichtung

(Vol. I of J. Petersen & H. Schneider,

Geschichte der Deutschen Literatur, Heidelberg: Winter 1943), pp. 1-37.

"The description is from the Formali, the original introduction to the Prose Edda.

18In the Lokasenna, the eighth poem of the Poetic Edda.

J. Grimm, Teutonic Mythology (Ed. J.

Stallybrass, 1882), III, 918950.

This description of Othinn is from the 5th edition of TieleSbderbloms Kompendium der Religionsgeschichte (BerlinSchoneberg, 1920), pp. 486-9.

Ibid., pp. 481-6.

You can take college work in "Schneider,"Ibid., pp. 2632.Heldendichtung, etc., p. 12.

your own home. Brigham Young "Ibid., p. 31.

University's Home Study depart2Ti. V. Gordon, An Introduction to Old

liv. (Oxford, Norse 1927), p. Your Church ment offers 268 courses by mail, this have discussed in Western Po20We from to Accounting Zoology, inlitical 247-9. Quarterly, IV (June 1951),

cluding 2 'Priscus Legatio Rhetor, in LDS religion courses. ad gentes, University

Migne, Patrol. Graec. CXIII, 724, 732f, 737.

Will Teach You At Home ENROLL NOW. Coyotes - A Tale of the Hills

CLIP THIS COUPON AND MAIL TO (Continued from page 833) f BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY ] After this, I was positive that I

Extension Division—Home Study could see the demons darting hither

Provo, Utah thither us. I thought all around and

iI Name father's so horse again gave a when

Street attack quick plunge forward, from an

l City & State iII rear, as in the learned. afterwards we Please send without cost, Brigham Young University's HOME

catalog. STUDY Luckily, a Father hold good on had

I J the reins. Those moments seemed

and give us an opportunity to fight Brigham Young University years! Would the fog never leave for our lives? Why should we be

Extension Division—Home Study made helpless and then attacked?

Provo, Utah ageableOur horsesnow, wereand webecomingfelt thatunmanif the 858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fog continued our end was near. I der the timber's edge, stood that band As we stood thus, thinking, the sun

sat stiff in my saddle, braced against of horses, glad to rest after their wild touched the top of yonder mountain, the bridle reins, struggling to keep chase. We could observe the trail and creeping slowly down, spread its

my horse under control. The poor they had made across the basin; and beneficent rays over the basin, then

animals were terribly frightened, and not more than onequarter of a mile climbed up to us, and kissed our they quivered until their knees were from where we were imprisoned, lay weary souls with that golden spirit almost touching the ground. a large object. Around it, like a which only the weary can appreciate.

The strain was becoming unbearswarm of ants, were the persistent Our hearts answered, "Surely we able, with the horses struggling so coyotes, feasting on the carcass of were in hell, and have arisen to fiercely. Suddenly there came, from the poor horse. heaven."

a seemingly great distance, a faint roar as of rushing wind. Its volume

grew until we felt that something desperate would soon happen. But

it gave us hope, though we could not imagine what it was. But anything OLIVE PELL BIBLEwas a relief.

Every moment the sound grew A magnificent, condensed version of the King James Old and nearer, until it seemed suddenly to New Testaments. Not one word altered! Retains the beautiful

burst upon us. Then, looking ahead Elizabethan English of the Original Text. Perfect for travelers:

large, clear print; easy on the eyes. Just the right size for man's

only a few feet, we beheld a black pocket or lady's bag "beautifully bound in black leatherette over mass rushing by. From the sound, board."Every verse and chapter numbered; name of book at top

we knew it was a band of wild horses, of each page; ideal gift for boy or girl, especially at Christmas!

followed by a pack of hungry demons.

Sarah Blanding, PresiIt was the hand of Providence in the Handsome edition on Bible paper. dent of Vassar, says, "I

form of a band of much persecuted 392 pages. always use an Olive Pell

mustangs. The coyotes that were toBibleleadwhenin prayer."called upon

tormenting us fell in with the more exciting game and left us. Thank BibleDanis Polinga reverentsays: work"ThisofOlivefine andPell

God! It was some minutes, however, consecrated scholarship without a

before we knew that they had gone. singleexplanationword ofor personalcomment opinion,added.

As the roar of the retreating horses The achievement of twelve purdied away, and no further attacks poseful years. Condensed to

were made on us, we began to realize onefifth,ways thosebut passagesthere remainthat offeral that we were saved. 'the greatest consolation and

to With the going of our tormentors, healing the "distressed of soul.'body and

the fog lifted, or rather, blew away, cloudfor heavy could we see it—a Post Emily says: "There Large to Fifth the ridge in its progress bystayed Pell Olive should an be Printing

the east. The fog lifted from our Bible in every home."AT ALL GOOD BOOKSTORES,hearts, also, and left us as humble

and thankful as two mortals could AND be. CROWN PUBLISHERS, INC., 419 fourth ave., new york

All around we beheld the tracks of the baffled coyotes, and tracks of blood followed the prints of the beast

Father had struck. We estimatedthat there must have been nearly one HOW TO CHOOSE AND

hundred horses in the band, by thetrail they left, for, owing to the nuUSE A HEARING AID merous hills to the west, we could not Confused by all of the difWatson, author of internaaid tionally ferent hearing claims? text 600 page known

there is a Testsget sight of the animals themselves. Wondering why "Hearing Hearing and

Another mile of struggle, and we difference in performance, Instruments", has just comfound ourselves ready to climb the size and price? Would you pleted a valuable booklet that

ridge skirting the eastern boundary like to know what to expect is filled with information on of the basin. The ascent was steep, in amplification, power, wearhow to select an aid. We will

but we found a good trail, and maning convenience... 20 imsend it to you free in a plain

aged to keep out of the deep snow. portant factors to look for in envelope. Write for your

Thus, in due course of time, we were a hearing aid? Mr. L. A. L. A. WATSON copy now!

standing on the brow of the ridge, I L. A. WATSON, Room 56E

looking back with trembling, I con21 North 3rd Street, Minneapolis, Minn.

fess, on my part, over the scenes that Name had been so horrible to us. Away Address

over, across, was the mountain covCity State ered with heavy timber, and just un- l

NOVEMBER 1956 859 Melchizedek Priesthood

dent to the stake president, so that

Using the Standing Committees to Save the stake president, who is chairman of the stake Melchizedek Priesthood committee, may know the status of

Precious Souls all priesthood holders in the stake, and watch the progress being made to reactivate those not engaged regularly in work. ChurchTHEMelchizedekSTANDING PriesthoodCOMMITTEESquorumsill the nevermen arebeeninactiveasked tobecausedo anything.they have will study presidency quorum The

have an important part to play in How is the information required the recapitulation sheet and, noting the salvation of the souls of quorum for these cards to be obtained? By the list of men not assigned to any

members and their families. asking the men themselves? If we apChurch activity, will call for the cards

fail to use these committees ask To is proach an and him inactive man assigned. of those not These men

failto to use of the for this some most effecwill information, immewe basis study. cards the of further will be

tive "tools"we have in carrying fordiately put him on notice that he is ward the great program of helping the subject of study on the part of the Some thoroughly worthy men may members of the quorum to "work out quorum, and if for any reason he at be in the unassigned list, having just their salvation"through participation first does not desire to be "worked returned from military service, rein the program of the Church. on,"he may resist our entire program cently been released from missions,

How may these committees be thus with determination. newly moved into the ward, or newly

released from positions in the ward orused? shall not go to him. So we will We

stake. tactfully the inobtain and The FactFinding Committee: A skilfully

wise man once said: "There is no formation through active quorum Since such is often the case, and

substitute for facts, so get the facts."members who know him; we will go since some good men may never have

It is difficult to accomplish anyto the bishop, who will authorize us been asked to work, and are therefore thing if one works in the dark. Facts to obtain from the ward clerk facts idle, the quorum presidency will seek

mean information. Information means and figures about the family of the an interview with the ward bishopric,

light, and light means greater effiman, as well as the man himself. so that they may study together all

ciency in performing the task at hand. For whom are the cards to be filled possibilities of assigning these men

Since there is no more important out? Inactive men only? or all male some kind of responsibility in the

task than that of saving souls, there members, active and inactive alike? ward. It may be in ward teaching,

is no work in which facts and light For all members of the quorum is the on the welfare farm, or in some are so important. What was it the correct answer. auxiliary organization. It may have

Savior said about the blind who lead Who keeps these cards, once they to do with Aaronic Priesthood, either the blind? Without necessary facts, are filled out? The factfinding comfor the senior members or those under

without the beacon of light, it is diffimittee will keep the cards, because twentyone.

cult to lead one to salvation. So let these brethren will want to keep them There will be some men not asus get the facts. upto-date as men move in and out signed through such a consultation.

And how are they to be obtained? of the quorum, and as their activity The next step will be for the quorum

And once obtained how are they to status changes from time to time. presidency to develop quorum projects

be used in this program? When the cards are filled out and in which as many of the remaining

To assist the factfinding commitin the hands of the chairman of the men as possible may be engaged. All

tee in the performance of its work, committee, what is the next step? members of the quorum may well be

and to lay a pattern for assisting in The committee then will make out assigned to work on quorum projects, the direction of the reactivation of a recapitulation sheet, in duplicate. but particular effort should be made

men who have slipped into inactivity, This sheet, which is provided by the to employ unassigned men on these a little white card had been provided general committee, provides room for activities.

by the general Melchizedek Priest- a list of all quorum members, together Herein is the opportunity for the hood committee. This card helps us with spaces in which may be recorded other standing committees of the

to record vital information pertainall Church activity in which each quorum to become active in the proing to each member of each Melchizequorum member is engaged. At the gram of saving the souls of the men.

dek Priesthood quorum, and provides extreme right is a place in which we It is well understood that in any if a man is not assigned to type of organization, it is activitytwo important things: One,—backmay show

ground information which assists any activity. which promotes and maintains interworkers to make an intelligent apOne copy of this recapitulation est. If the organization is interesting,

—informationproach to an inactiveas to whetherman, andor two,not presidentsheet shouldto bebe studiedsent to bythe himquorumand teresting,members willthey attend.will not come.If it is Projectsnot inthe individual has been assigned to his counselors, and the other copy promoted by the quorum can make

any kind of Church work. Some should be sent by the quorum presithese quorums interesting and at860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tractive and insure attendance and recently distributed to all quorum terest of new ciders recently advanced participation. presidencies, pertaining to the work from the priests'quorum.

Let us take a quick glimpse into of the personal welfare committee. The Next Step: Try as we will,

the work of these other standing comThese valuable suggestions, if folthere still may be some unassigned mittees: lowed, would lead to intense interest men who will not respond to invitaChurch Service Committee: The on the part of the quorum members. tions to work on either ward assignobject of this committee is what the They would develop a greater spirit ments or quorum projects. How are

name itself implies, that is, to engage of brotherhood through mutual helpthey to be interested?

in Church activity all the members fulness, and would relieve much disThis is where the "personal misof the quorum. tress where it exists. In addition to sionary approach"comes in. This

Recently there was distributed to that, considerable assistance would be program, being stressed particularly the quorums throughout the Church given to the bishop of each ward in during the past nine months, is in- a lengthy list of suggested Church his work as chairman of the ward tended to be a confidential means of service projects. It was not intended welfare committee in the Church bringing in men through a casual,

that all of these suggestions be welfare program. friendly approach. Sincere friendadopted by any one quorum, but The chairman of each of the three ship may lead to a breaking down of

rather that they form the basis upon standing committees should obtain prejudices and eventually to a rewhich quorums might develop their from the stake presidency lists of these enlistment of interest and activity own projects best adapted to local project suggestions if he has not alwhere previously such interest was needs and conditions. Every quorum ready received them. Requests should nonexistent.

presidency 'should see to it that the go through the quorum president to The "personal missionary aplist sent out is studied carefully by the stake president. proach"is intended primarily for those

the Church service committee, which The quorum president is always who do not respond to other types of in turn will make recommendations chairman of the personal welfare approach as described above. It

to the quorum presidency for their committee. His counselors head the should be handled with great care.

consideration and action. other two committees. Whenever the The assignments should be carried

These Church service projects may presidency holds a council meeting, out in a confidential manner.

include fundraising to assist in the all three committees are therefore repIt provides a means whereby quomissionary program of the Church. resented. rum members may be good neighThey may be directed toward the dePurpose of Projects: Projects are inbors to other quorum members, and

velopment of more interest in the tended primarily to promote interest in this practical manner, apply true weekly meetings of the quorums; they in the quorum as a whole. They Christianity to everyday living.

may stimulate wider participation in should maintain the interest of the The quorum presidency will take class discussions of the regular lesmen already attending to their quothe lead in assigning active men to son course; they may encourage home rum duties. They should also enlabor in this program with unassigned

reading of gospel subjects; and many gage the interest of reactivated men men, using the standing committees

other activities. newly brought back into the quorum, to promote activities which will bePersonal Welfare Committee: Anand they should form a basis on come interesting to the men as they

other lengthy list of suggestions was which to hold the attention and inbegin to respond.

The Tabernacle Choir

(Concluded from page 813) of the radio program, and later presented an encased gold 1944 Tabernacle choir program was ranked second in religious phonograph record plaque bearing the inscription: "July 15,

programs (topped by "Church of the Air") in the annual 1949. To the Salt Lake Tabernacle choir from CBS. In

report to the stockholders of the Columbia Broadcasting gratitude of 20 magnificent years on the air."

System. 19491950-19511952 Brahams'Requiem sung on Easter.

1944 April 30 choir received annual George Foster Peabody Award, for most outstanding entertainment in music. Award was 795/ Choir named recipient (May 16) of the major award for

announced by the University of Georgia as one of the seven national musical service by one of the National Federation citations to radio programs. of Music clubs. Choir presented Requiem for the organization's convention.

1944 July 29, choir received "certificate of merit"from National

Federation of Press Women. 7952 Music recorded for Cinerama. First sixtrack sterophonic

1944 Choir presented The Creation with symphony orchestra as sound recording.

feature of Days of '47 in University of Utah stadium. 7953 Choir presented three concerts in Las Vegas to assist in

1947 Choir was featured in the centennial celebration of San raising funds for the Moapa Stake youth center.

Bernardino, leaving Salt Lake City, October 8th. 7954 First television program, "See It Now,"celebrated twenty1948 Approximately five thousand people attended the one thoufifth year of broadcasting July 15. September announcement

sandth broadcast Sunday morning October 17. Church and of European tour.

civic leaders were present.

7955 August 10, choir of 361 voices left for European tour, Gave 1949 (June) Music for two "Anniversary Albums"was recorded. fourteen concerts in twelve major cities.

Albums released October 5, 1949, and March 20, 1950.

7956 July 12 choir departed for Denver, Colorado, where it pre1949 July 17, Dr. Frank Stanton, president of CBS, participated sented three concerts and its regular weekly radio program

in the broadcast in recognition of the twentieth anniversary from adjacent Red Rocks.

NOVEMBER 1956 861 The Presiding

President David O. McKay

Study Guide For Ward Teachers SPIRITMUST PROMPTOF THE WARDLORD TEACHERS

WHEN ASKING QUESTIONS November 1956 "One day, when my brother and I were in our teens, we were ready to leave the "Remember the Sabbath Day to Keep It Holy"barnyard and go out to the field for a load.. he hindof hay.him,Fatherand thencamelookingout, shuttowardsthe thegatesidebe- You will recall that when God created the heavens and the earth, ".

rested on the seventh day from all his work which he had made. And walk, saw two men coming towards the

God blessed the seventh day, and sanctified it...."(Gen. 2:2-3.) house. He recognized them as ward teachThe observance of the Sabbath day, therefore, is commended to the ers, Al Sprague and Eli Tracy. He said,

children of men from the very foundation of the world. 'Boys, there are the ward teachers, tie up

In the commandment to honor it, as recorded in Exodus 20:8, there are your team, and come into the house.'

demurred, Seated obeyed. we Though we three strong words: Remember—Keep—Holy.

say, father heard as a family, our 'Now we 1. asked, We are first of all, to remember the day—to be aware of its brethren, are hands.'in your we significance—to appreciate the privilege of having it. If we had no Sabbath "I give you the picture. Now I give you if every day were a workday—how we would hanker after a day of respite. what the teacher said: He started with my

How wonderful that the Creator planned for us a day of rest—a day for father, who was the bishop of the ward,

meditation and the renewing of covenants. However busy we become and asked him if he was doing his duty;

if he was living in harmony with his neighhowever great our obligations—it is wise—not by way of compulsion—but

bors; if he was sustaining the authorities. out of choice—to remember the Sabbath day.

2. In the second place, we are asked to keep the day. To hold in reHe asked Mother questions about doing her

membrance its meaning. To keep a day is to make of it something special. duty, and he went from the parents to each

We keep birthdays and anniversaries. We keep Christmas! It is a mark of child"Thosewho teacherssat aroundemphasizedin that meeting.one part of

character, of gentility, of supreme trust in and appreciation of the goodness their duty. First, Father submitted himof God—to keep the Sabbath as a day apart from all other days. self to them, for they came as his repre-

3. We are asked to keep the day holy. It is to be a holy day—not a sentatives and would be in every home.

holiday. Their duty was to see that 'each member

Any thoughtful man can appreciate the fitness of reading one of the does his duty.'Now that takes tact and

gospels or attending a sacramental service as against going to a ball game, a some of you say for teachers so to question horse race, or participating in the entertainment of a tavern. the people gives offense. I grant you all

it. But thing. To make of Sunday a holy day is not to make it a dull day. A person that,the Lordand hasI amaskednot yougoingto doto discussjust that can rest—he can read sacred scriptures—he can enjoy the association of How you do it, the inspiration of the Lord choice friends—he can call upon the sick and the unfortunate—he can, above must prompt."(President David O. McKay,

all things, take himself to the house of the Lord—there to partake of the General Conference, April 1956.)

sacred emblems of the Sacrament—to sing the songs of Zion, to share in the

rich fellowship of wonderful friends, to meditate the meaning of life and project his possibilities into an eternal exaltation. No need to go to the

movies on Sunday—there are six other days for that. Challenging Record

Remember that the Lord, himself, assured us that the Sabbath should be sensibly interpreted:

And he said unto them, The sabbath was made for man, and not man for the sabbath:

Therefore the Son of man is Lord also of the sabbath. (Mark 2:27, 28.)

To appreciate more fully the rich promises given to those who

Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.

read again: Isaiah 58:13, 14; Ezekiel 20:20; Mosiah 18:23; D. & C. 59:1012.

But learn that he who doeth the works of righteousness shall receive his reward, even peace in this world, and eternal life in the world to come. (D. & C. 59.23.)

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR DECEMBER 1956

Modesty and Virtue Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?

If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the temple Gary Hack

of God is holy, which temple ye are. (I Cor. 3:1617.)

Gary, a teacher in the Tucson Third

All of us, old and young, should realize the absolute necessity for purity of life in the Church and kingdom of God. Virtue is the foundation of character. It is Ward, Southern Arizona Stake, has atvital that we are virtuous in thought as well as in deed. Modesty, too, is very tended all priesthood and Sacrament

essential. It is that quality which gives us a sense of propriety. meetings in his ward since he was ordained a deacon, November 1, 1953.

862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Aaronic Priesthood Award Suggestions for Passing the Sacrament

New Award Requirements First to the Highest Authority for 1956 Reviewed Passing the Sacrament first to the highest authority "who is sitting on the stand"deserves more careful attention.

The end of the year is near. Our The following suggestions will be helpful in effecting the desired uniformity

award records for 1956 are nearly in complying with the recommendation.

finished. The new requirements, effec- 1. When the deacon receives his tray from the priests at the Sacrament table,

tive January 1, 1956, should be given he should immediately proceed to his assigned position in the chapel, face the careful review as follows: stand, and wait until the deacon assigned to pass the Sacrament to those sitting

1. The minimum required attendance on the stand serves the highest authority first.

at Sacrament meeting was increased 2. It should be especially noted that the deacon assigned to pass the Sacrament

from 50 percent to 75 percent, effective on -the stand should take his position and wait until all other deacons have reached

January 1, 1956. (Requirement number their assigned positions and are facing the stand.

two.) 3. When the highest authority "who is sitting on the stand"has received the

2. Requirement number six is new. It breadto all (water)other membersfirst, thenof allthe deaconsChurchwillon theimmediatelystand andproceedin the tocongregation.pass the Sacrament

specifies that every bearer of the Aaronic For further suggestions see the Presiding Bishopric's Page in The Improvement

Priesthood under 21 must attend the Era for June 1955 and the Handbook for Leaders of Aaronic Priesthood Under 21, in his tithing settlement annual ward pp. 8081. his tithing account the with and settle bishop, whether he has earned money or not or whether he has paid tithing or not. No one is exempt from this reWANSHIP WARD, SUMMIT (UTAH) STAKE SETS THREEYEAR RECORD

quirement who hopes to receive the inIN ATTENDANCE AT AARONIC PRIESTHOOD SOCIALS dividual Aaronic Priesthood award for 1956. 3. A deacon must gather fast offerings

at least 75 percent of the months he is a deacon during the year. (Requirement

number nine.) This requirement was

changed from 50 percent to 75 percent, effective January 1, 1956.

4. A priest or a teacher must serve

as a ward teacher and visit in the homes of the Saints at least 75 percent of the months he is a priest or a teacher during the year. (Requirement number

nine.) This requirement was changed

from 50 percent to 75 percent, effective

January 1, 1956.

For a complete list of requirements for 1956, see Handbook for Leaders of

Aaronic Priesthood under 21 (1956 edition), pp. 5559. Enjoy Aaronic Priesthood Socials. For three years the Aaronic Priesthood bearers and

their leaders in the Wanship Ward have set the highest ward attendance records at Summit

Stake Aaronic Priesthood socials: Their attendance records are: 1956—100 percent; 1955

Ward Teaching 84 percent; 1954—100 percent. In the 1956 stake social, a father and sons banquet, not only

were all Aaronic Priesthood bearers present, but all fathers of the boys were present.

Included in the photo are Bishop William Reed Judd, back row, third from right and "Perfect Love Casteth Out Fear"his two counselors, LaMar Ercanbrock and George A. Smith; quorum advisers and quorum

presidencies.

Are you as a ward teacher easily discouraged? Are you afraid to defend You handicap yourself when you lose possessed of fear. Throughout the misthe gospel? Are you timid in the presconfidence in your ability to achieve. sion of the Master, he demonstrated

ence of indifferent members? Do you Fear and faith are not companions. Why fearlessness. Although the Savior stood

lack confidence? Are you true to your should you fear teaching the truth? alone most of the time, his great love for

convictions? Do you agree with some Ward teachers are fortified with the us led him to perform his duty faithpeople, knowing in your heart they are priesthood, which is God's power. They fully. If you love those whom you are

wrong? Are you afraid to oppose people? are also endowed with the spirit of inexpected to teach, as you should, you

Do you give up too easily? Does your spiration. Fear is overcome in the will have no fear. "There is no fear

conscience protest when you take the faithful performance of duty. in love; but perfect love casteth out

easy way out? The greatest of all teachers was never fear."(1 John 4:18.)

NOVEMBER 1956 863 To Walk Uprightly IT'S EASY TO DECIDE WHEN YOU (Concluded from page 823) Her step that had been swift and pie of dreamy boys visiting here. easy slowed a little as she went

They've asked me to get another girl. through the door amid the clatter of HearWould you go with us?"voices, as the women went their

in GREAT answered,Marie, feeling"Yes, herI guesseighteenso."years,She separateThen sheways.was out on the step. She

was about to add, "I'll have to ask my looked about at the parked cars on folks,"but she kriew this would sound every side of the chapel. She saw the CONN silly to her friend. She said goodbye smart, twotone convertible on the

"Artist and went into the house to kiss her other side of the street. Debbie and

parents before going to bed. the two boys—who weren't boys at

But she lay awake for awhile all, really, but young men at least thinking about the blind date, wonfour or five years older than she dering if this first decision "on her were sitting in the front seat, laughown"had been a wise one. ing and talking. It came over her.

it would be The preparation meeting was comswiftly how much fun ing to a close. One of the teachers riding through the warm, beautiful

was asked to offer the prayer asking day in the conspicuous redand that they might be protected, guided creamcolored car.

until they met again. And yet, somehow, as she looked

Marie stood up with the others at Debbie's bright hair, and the makewho spoke to her, told her their up that was visible even from here, names, welcomed her into their group. and the two strangers, she knew she

Ideal for Large Homes, She felt good, really good. She went didn't really want to go. She didn't

out into the hall and started toward want all these women and girls to Churches, Schools the door. Then suddenly she resee her get into the car. Particularly,

A truly fine organ that sets a new membered that Debbie and the boys she didn't want the Sunday School standard of musical excellence. Defwere to pick her up here to go for superintendent to see her. It was an

initely a winner in the moderate a ride in the canyon. instinctive thing she supposed, based

price field. Compare the CONN on the fact that she knew, even if

"Artist"with all other makes. Ask they didn't, that this was a blind date,

to have its many superior features a pickup almost. She had never gone

explained to you. It offers incomparable tone, amazing range of CALL OF THE PIBROCHS out like this before, and she couldn't

parents'not her without do it now, performance, ease of playing and By C. Cameron Johns or not approval the knowledge, with low, low cost!

See it choose, you... comehear itin. to. Daynes. play it!MusicBeforefor InLet thetemplesway rise.everlasting wouldn'tfeeling deepquite bewithinright. her that it

free demonstration without a vision with new obligation. Eye Since seen her, not Debbie had its Thrilled performance, marvelous by death. bitter The

it to decide. you'll find easy swiftly dishe in the opposite turned

Willows weep in the glen rection. If she cut through the block,

waters Where hum hymns they would not see her, and she felt a choir of men. Like aunes Music Kilted and tartaned, certain that they would not come to

Sporran steady, the house if they did not find her 15 E. 1st SO. Chiefs of the clan wait here.

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO J'2260 WASHINGTON BIVD..OGDEN Malcolm. Malcolm

After a few moments her step Stand on ironed hearth slowed, and she realized she must as oat Invincible

In fields of earth. return and tell them she couldn't go

Jl&tl Crying ages are hushed with them.

light, angel prefer In watchers And mm QUIET and Your name. praise derstandDebbie, it.perhaps,Perhaps,couldMarieneverdidn'tunit herself. She just fetfpf COMFORT The pibrochs'lusty tones quite understand

for restful Awake choirs, hymnals, praise, knew that she felt good, as she had

... felt this morning, and on her birthclan meditation TheyEvery callthousandthe multitudesyears mighty

International church seating with Uproaring the greens day, and in the meeting. She felt

individual chairs provides thouMarching to the song proud, and right. She was able to

sands of churchgoers with the Of Malcolm. look at all the world—and, as her

peaceful comfort they prefer. Surge, sail, and sun the lakes. father had told her—to walk upAsk for full information today. With sound of voice rightly.

And white of hair it all, night. to the black After a serious thing was division of Belie seat international centuries flung Thirty of to age come and own make her INC, CO., Shall templepraise UNION CITY BODY

Union City, Indiana With Malcolm. decisions.

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Man and the Gospel

(Concluded from page 822)thority was not on earth to adminWith Safety ister its sacraments must assent to it in their minds and accept it in their hearts wherever they may be; while

the outward ordinances thereof must be performed on this earth by those authorized to act for and in behalf of them. This acceptance of the gospel

applies to all those who have not died in a state of perfect innocence.

Those who have died in their innocence are saved to the uttermost by virtueChrist—onalone suchof thejusticeatonementhas noof claimJesus

whatsoever. They rest secure in the

arms of God's mercy.

This is the teaching of the Holy

Church of Jesus Christ—the gospel

she is teaching to the living, the sacraments of which she is administering both to the living and for the dead; for having received through

her first great prophet, Joseph Smith, the keys of divine authority, and especially those which pertain to the salvation of the dead, she is carrying on the work of redemption both in this and in the spirit world; and her

especial mission is to unite all dispensations that are passed with this present Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, of which she is the exponent. Her mission is to link family with family and generation with

generation, until all the chains are WORLD'S FINEST BASKETBALL complete which shall bind the whole race of men and women in bonds of love and salvation to our Father and our God, through Jesus Christ our

Lord.

COSTS WIND THE WIZARD By Maude Rubin NO Ue wields a flashing sword, twoedged, iceMORE whetted, Flailing the quaking aspens'naked limbs THAN

To matchwood tinder. The static pine is

fretted ORDIBy lunging stab and thrust. Persistence NARY trims

The poplar's lush endowment leaving starkness BALLS

Where pendant crystal hung through summer rains.

Low sunfire pales to early prescient darkness,

Great tumbleweeds leap high across the plains.

Over the swampland screams a swooping Complete Team blizzard Harrying greenwinged teal in arrowed Uniforms flight in Stock To some far marsh of refuge.... Wind the SpoaCwvg.<3opclM

Wizard Provo—Bennett's, OgdenThreatens to end the earth with demon Bennett's,

Logan Logan Hardware, might.

Falls Co., Paint Eastside IdahoBut morning's wand is gentle, spreading

Pocatello Co., Glass & Paint ISxMAAJttEL Idaho light

On the silent calmness of this world of 65 West First South—Salt Lake City Twin Falls Glass & Paint Co.

white.

NOVEMBER 1956 865 of the Twelve or the traveling high

The First Presidency council, in building up the church (Continued from page 785) "The Twelve are a Traveling Preand regulating all the affairs of the of bishops was expressly revealed. siding High Council, to officiate in same in all nations, first unto the

"Wherefore they shall be high priests the name of the Lord, under the diGentiles and then to the Jews."

who are worthy, and they shall be rection of the Presidency of the (D & C 107:3334.)

it must haveappointed by the First Presidency of Church, agreeable to the institution How heartbreaking the Melchizedek Priesthood, except of heaven; to build up the church, and been for the Prophet, following the

of the perfecting the Church and literal of Aaron."descendantsthey be of affairs the regulate all the same in

of reorganization the priesthood responsibilities 68:15.) The(D & C

first Gentiles all nations, the unto sponsibilities, to of those have someof of Council the and of the Twelve the Seventy were clearly defined in the and secondly unto the Jews. who labored closest to him fall vicrevelation recorded in section 107 of "The Seventy are to act in the tims to the apostasy that crept into

the Doctrine and Covenants: name of the Lord, under the direction the Church! He must have thought

often of that verse in the Bible when the Savior was left alone: "Then all

the disciples forsook him, and fled."

(Matt. 26:56.)

But the work of the restored gospel must go forward, and in the face of personal disloyalty the Prophet organized again to fulfil the calling that had come as a responsibility in his leadership of the Church.

Early in the organization of the

Church, therefore, the pattern was set concerning the duties of the First

Presidency. Theirs is the responsibility for the entire working of the

Church, both spiritual and natural:

the missionary system, the welfare program, the priesthood organization, the auxiliary system. As the Church

has grown, the responsibilities have remained essentially the same, but the administration of these responsibilities has multiplied manyfold. Now

the Church is worldwide, and Saints

Whatever the age group, there is a qualify in distant parts must be considered

Proof of Clarin's exceptional Clarin chair just right for the purpose. Seat in all plans that go forward.

long term economy is the unheights graduate each inch from 12 through One brief example might illustrate. rivalled ten year guarantee

that accompanies every Clarin 18 inches. When the Church was in its early

folding chair. Write for complete catalog. stages, plans were perfected for one

temple at Kirtland, Ohio, and another

MANUFACTURING COMPANY was are being erected in farCLARIN Dept. 65 4640 W. Harrison St., Chicago 44, Illinois two builttemplesat Nauvoo, Illinois. Today

distant parts of the earth: one in

Newchapel, England, and one near

Hamilton, New Zealand. Two other

temples have been recently dedicated:

in Bern, Switzerland, and in Los

Let Us Demonstrate The CLARIN Folding Chair Angeles, California. Temples serve

WE ALSO SELL the Saints in Utah, where there are

HeywoodWakefield Choir Seating four temples; in Idaho, in Arizona, in

Church Pews Folding Partitions Canada, in Hawaii, where there is

Flannelboards Blackboards Stage Curtains one temple each; and others are in

Paper and Janitorial Supplies prospect for other areas. The adMimeograph & Ditto Machines ministrative situation for temples

alone has multiplied rapidly. Other

activities likewise have added responsibilities as the Church has grown & SUPPLY COMPANY throughout the years and in the various countries.

SALT LAKE * OGDEN * IDAHO FALLS Language barriers have gradually dissolved before the persistent efforts 866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the First Presidency, who have dihas as his predecessors Frederick G. whole. This Church has ever been

rected the opening of missions in most Williams, Hyrum Smith, William a missionary Church, and has grown of the European countries, South Law, Willard Richards, Jedediah M. from its initial membership of six

Africa, South American countries, Grant, Daniel H. Wells, Joseph F. when the Church was organized April

and the islands of the sea. The first Smith, Anthon H. Lund, John Henry 6, 1830, to 1,357,274 in April 1956.

Presidency is the directing head; the Smith, Charles W. Penrose, Anthony The work of the First Presidency in

other Councils carry forward their specific assignments. Truly, the First W. Ivins, Charles W. Nibley, himself, organization has promoted this

Presidency is inspired in the work and David O. McKay. growth. And in keeping with the

that continually goes forward under To each First Presidency have divine calling, the First Presidency their direction. Each First Presidency been given the keys of the kingdom must serve both at home and abroad

has recognized the urgency with to administer for the spiritual and in their endeavor to bring the chilwhich the revelation came to the temporal wellbeing of both the memdren of our Eternal Father back

Prophet: bers of the Church and the world as a again to him.

"For behold the field is white already to harvest; and lo, he that

thrusteth in his sickle with his might, the same layeth up in store that he perisheth not, but bringeth salvation to his soul;

"And faith, hope, charity and love, with an eye single to the glory of God, qualify him for the work."$tzh

(D & C 4:4-5.) For finest

ON MY MORNING WINDOW performance, use

By Maude Rubin

Cummer's passing is watched By the gull and the tern, But nothing of beauty is lost.

Now my window is etched With white bracken and fern In the crystalline transience of frost. all New gasoline

Our present leader, President the most powerful, cleanest motor David O. McKay, takes his place

among the other eminent Presidents of the Church. He is the ninth in... availline in the position and has achieved fuel science can make

an undying name for service with his predecessors in this calling: the

Prophet Joseph Smith, Brigham able in both Ethyl and Regular. Young, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. Smith,

Heber Smith. J. Grant, and George Albert Octane ratings boosted to allHis Counselors also follow in the *

footsteps of many great men whose service days they in bygone are emutime high. It's another Utoco lating today. President Stephen L

Richards as First Counselor to President David O. McKay follows such

men as Sidney Rigdon, Heber C. exclusive feature.

, Kimball, George A. Smith, John W.

Young, George Q. Cannon, John R.

Winder, Anthon H. Lund, Charles

W. Penrose, Anthony W. Ivins, J. UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

Reuben Clark, Jr.

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

Second Counselor to President McKay,

NOVEMBER 1956 867 Vitamin C. It is easily assembled by

busy mothers and easily consumed by the "starving"- youngster—or the hardplaying son who doesn't want to stop

for nourishment in the midst of a game.

Other "mealin-a-glass"treats might include:

Eileen Gibbons Plain Eggnog Editior 1 egg well beaten 1 tablespoon sugar 1 cup chilled milk Y4 teaspoon vanilla Sprinkle of nutmeg Snacks: Snappy and Satis

together egg and sugar. Beat in } Beat

milk and flavoring. Serve cold.

by Josephine B. Nichols

Fruit Eggnog DIRECTOR, STERLING W. SILL

HOME LIVING CENTER, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH Follow the same recipe as for plain eggnog, substituting two tablespoons of

No whenone herneedsgradeschoolto tell Motheryoungsterthat makedrinks, goodfresh snacks:or dried milkfruits,or wholemilk fruitcherry)juicefor (grape,vanilla orange,and nutmeg.raspberry, or

bursts into the house a good grain cereals and crackers, cookies, For chocolate eggnog, follow plain three hours before the dinner hour bread, vegetable or fruit juices. A fig eggnog proportions but omit sugar and

and says he'll "die if he doesn't eat or raisins will frequently satisfy a beat in one tablespoon of chocolate right this minute"he means it! child's hankering for something sweet. syrup.

Growing, active children—and The following suggestions might Molasses Milkmany adults—do require food beappeal to your school child who

tween meals to satisfy a very real "can't wait for dinner."A molasses milk drink is delicious,

hunger. The pep and efficiency different, and provides muchneeded

which a child or jobholder has in the Orangegg iron. Mix together one cup milk and

afternoon depends largely on what one tablespoon molasses. Sprinkle with

if desired. eight nutmeg add egg well, beat one Simplyhe had for lunch and for a snack.

beat juice, and of chilled orange ounces tasty combinations substiFor other

Studies show a definite relationship well again. Use either fresh juice tute caramel or postum for the molasses.

between nutrition and progress in oranges or frozen or canned juice. Fresh fruits can be snack favorites if

school or on the job. In a recent isOrangegg is an inexpensive mealin-a- attractively prepared. Apples, bananas,

sue of The Journal of the American glass that provides immediate energy oranges, grapes, and/or other fruits,

Medical Association, farmers were and substantial amounts of protein and (Continued on page 870) urged to copy their city cousins by taking midmorning and midafter- noon breaks for snacks. It is pointed

out in the article that this would reduce the high farm accident rate by stepping up efficiency and lessening fatigue.

Snack meals should be served about the same time each day—not too

near a meal. They should be light

and easily digested. Very sweet and

fatty foods should not be served since they will destroy the appetite for good wholesome food. Snacks should be

easy to prepare—but they should be

prepared! Leftovers, with a little

planning, can be wonderfully disguised. The most important thing

to remember in snack preparation is that foods served as snacks should contribute their share of the body's daily need for minerals, vitamins, protein, and other healthprotecting nutrients. Snacks should be planned

with the other meals of the day in mind.

Many foods usually kept on hand Orangegg—A healthful, quickenergy snack.

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A PUMPKIN, sunning itself in a field at fall, that just naturally conjures up visions of the good things of life... like a

goldenbrown pumpkin pie, with its special spicy flavor and meltin-yourmouth goodness. For Thanksgiving and other specialoccasion days this fall, you'll want

plenty of U and I Sugar on hand. Make sure you have the complete U and I family

of fine sugars: Powdered, Brown, Fine Granulated and Superfine Dessert.

THE. UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

NOVEMBER 1956 869 Snacks: Snappy and Satisfying

(Continued from page '868) whole wheat slices. Add one of the

thoroughly washed and dried and arfollowing fillings: Deviled ham with

ranged as a kitchen table centerpiece, mayonnaise, peanut butter and honey, are likely to catch a hungry child's eye. coconut with brown sugar, creamy

Or, in ten extra minutes, they can becheese spread, or something of your own come an appealing fruit plate. creation. Cut into four squares. String

one or two squares on a small wooden

Fruit Plate skewer. Bake at 475 F. eight minutes

or toast in broiler, turning frequently.

Arrange on crisp lettuce leaf a variety They're fun to eat.

of fruits, such as pineapple chunks,

So good for babies slices,grape clusters,and bananaapple pieceswedges,rolled'orangein pineapple juice, then finally chopped...that Special nuts. Let a youngster take his pick, or

prepare as individual plates for the enMorning Milk tire family.

So easy to digest, Special Morning Fruit Milk Shake

Milk is the only evaporated milk 1 cup chilled milk, beat with one of he following:

especially developed for babies... /2 banana

the only evaporated milk with extra /2 'cup orange juice

Sticks Vitamins A and D added in the 4/2 cupcup prunecrushedjuicesweetened strawberries. Bread

amount doctors believe best to help Surprise your snackhungry child—or easiestToastedsnackbreadtreatssticksto areprepare,one of andthe promote sound bones and teeth and the entire family—with nutritious bread they're good served alone or with bevervariations, following, as the which such ages, salads, or soups. Children love build resistance to disease.

or alone with beverages can be served them.

and salads. Butter bread slices, cover with grated

Ask your doctor about Special parmesan cheese, sprinkle with minced

Morning Milk for your baby! Cheese Puffs parsley, chives, poppy seeds, caraway

Y2 pound grated nippy cheese seeds, or grated orange rind plus sugar \/2 cup butter or honey, or brown sugar and coconut flakes. Cut into four strips. Toast at "BANQUETMASTER"Vi CUP sifted flour

THE NEW! ALLNEW TABLE Dash of paprika (optional) 475 F. for eight minutes. BANQUET FOLDING

Designed for today's beautiful Combine cheese and butter, work in Toasted Rolls Schools Churches

Cafes Private Homes flour with paprika. Chill thoroughly.

Shape chilled mixture into balls the size Cut hamburger or frank rolls in half.

of large marbles. Place on ungreased Spread with butter. Top with ground

Sample table cookie sheet. Bake at 450 F. for five to minced ham mixed with mayonnaise

sent at seven minutes. Serve warm. and cheese or top with peanut butter costno

write and jelly. Toast in broiler. Serve with

for Cheese Snack Bread beverage. details

"BANQUETMASTER'Snacktime can also be a fun time for 1 table folding pkg. with banquet reThe new of family, time entire a casual hot roll mix the

at choice tops of colored your no 1 egg or with visiting together laxing cost. and extra

sent Sample table at no cost to 5 tablespoons milk friends who may have dropped in. Suginstitutions. churches and all

trucks design of Storage advanced grated 1 teaspoon onion (optional) "family snack, for evening the gestions tables. for chairs Write and

salt teaspoon last the refrigeror raid on the prices description, night,"guarantee. and for l/2

D. H. Loosli Co., Inc. 2 I/2 cups grated yellow cheese ator, might include desserts saved from

Idaho Falls, Idaho iy2 teaspoons poppy seeds dinner, hot or cold tomato juice with

Prepare dough as hot roll mix packassorted crackers and cheese, hors age directs. Cover. Let rise in warm d'oeuvres, small sandwiches, cereal sunplace (85 to 90 F.) until double in daes (cereal topped with milk or cream

bulk (30 to 45 minutes). Spread in and fresh, frozen or canned fruit), or FILMS! wellgreased 13"x 9"pan. Let rise in

served with either hot or cold beverages: DEVELOPED warm place until light (30 to 45 minspecial breads, such as the following,

grated onion, utes). egg with Combine Boston Brown Bread and PRINTED top grated cheese. Spread on salt, and

of dough. Sprinkle with poppy seeds. 1 cup allbran cereal

425 F. for 20 Bake at to 25 minutes. l, 21 cupcup sourraisinsmilk 12 pieces. Serve warm. Makes

2 tablespoons molasses MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! Kahobs l 3 cup sugar

PHOTO1115, Dept. SAM'SP. O. Box AALAB Make a fourdecker sandwich with 11 teaspooncup sifted sodaflour

City, Salt Utah Lake buttered bread, alternating white and!/4 teaspoon salt

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mix together allbran, sour milk, raisins, and molasses. Let stand ten to

fifteen minutes. Add flour which has

been sifted with soda and salt. Fill a

number 303 greased can half full, cover tightly with aluminum foil, and steam two hours. Serve hot, sliced.

Quick OrangeCaramel Rolls before you Y4 cup sugar 1 teaspoon grated orange rind buy a orange tablespoons \ l/2 juice water heater, '/4 teaspoon or nutmeg mace 1 tablespoon melted butter 12 brown 'n serve dinner rolls

Combine sugar, orange rind, orange juice, mace or nutmeg, and butter.

Spread over bottom of greased shallow pan. Place rolls with tops down, over

sugar mixture. Bake in hot oven (400

F.) for 15 minutes. Let rolls stand in

pan two minutes before inverting pan and removing rolls, so that the orange caramel topping is up. Serve immediately.

Waffled Toast

Trim crusts from bread, spread about one teaspoon butter on both sides of each slice of bread. Place buttered

bread in a preheated waffle iron for about three minutes or until brown. To There's a lot more

slice in half.serve cut each Serve hot n price to consider

sugar.with or cinnamon honey

when you buy a water heater.

Fowler water heaters have stood the test of time.

For nearly half a century they have delivered dependable water heating service at lowest cost.

By being the first to offer glasslining, Fowler water heaters have proved conclusively that durable porcelain... bondedto-steel inside the tank

... prevents rust and corrosion. Fowler water

heaters with glasslining consistently outlast other makes In addition to glasslining, Fowler has safe "black heat"elements, triple insulation against heat loss, external adjustable temperature controls for top operating efficiency.

Fowler glasslined electric water heaters are

Cream Scones backed by the manufacturer's 20year warranty.

See Foivler Whatever your requirements, there's a Fowler 2 cups sifted cake flour at your dealer's soon, water heater to meet your needs. For only a few

teaspoons 2 baking powder dollars the cost than of more an ordinary water or write salt teaspoonY2 this better can you sure buy Fowler the factory and be for heater, sugar 2 teaspoons 4 tablespoons butter or margarine full details. of satisfying service for many years to come.

1 egg and 1 egg yolk!/3 cup table cream

1 egg white, slightly beaten

Mix dry ingredients and sift. Cut in

shortening. Add egg, egg yolk, and ELECTRICcream all at once. Stir until product GLASSLINED and gas WATER HEATERS

lightlyleaves sides onto of bowl. Turn

board.floured about 20 seconds. Knead DISTRIBUTED BY: FLINT DISTRIBUTING CO. 316SALTWestLAKE2ndCITY,SouthUTAHStreet

(Continued on following page) NOVEMBER 1956 871 Snacks: Snappy and Satisfying

(Continued from preceding page)

Roll l/2 inch thick, cut in triangles.

Bake on electric grill or heavy skillet or place on ungreased baking sheet.

Brush with egg white and sprinkle with sugar. Bake in hot oven (450 F.) 1215 minutes. Makes 12.

The following are delicious served as dips, or as spreads for wheat crackers, potato chips, or bread sticks.

Crab or Shrimp Dip

1-5 oz. can cleaned shrimp or crab

Y4 cup salad dressing Dash tabasco sauce 2 teaspoons onion juice 1 teaspoon lemon juice Salt Pepper Cream

Cut or flake shrimps into very small bits, mix well with remaining ingredients. Add cream to make desired

consistency.

Give a DatiOnal Bible Avocado Cottage Cheese Dip 1 cup cottage cheese, sieved 1 avocado, mashed sold at leading Bible stores everywhere J

Salt and pepper Pickle relish Horse radish Onion, grated Cream or mayonnaise specially for your...

Blend cottage cheese well with avocado and seasonings. Thin with cream H or mayonnaise until desired consistency.

Unusual, and a little special, are:

Angels on Horseback

Wrap half strips of bacon around small oysters, fasten with toothpick.

Place in shallow pan. Bake at 400 F.

until bacon is crisp or broil under broiler. Serve hot.

Beef and Cheese Stick

Cut American cheese in sticks Va inch by y4 inch by 2 inches. Wrap

We* untileach stickcheesein isa driedslightlybeefmelted.slice. ServeBroil

hot on toothpicks.

menus special souvenir Ham Toastwich if pee,ol attenhion

COFFEE y42 tablespoonscup butter prepared mustard 12 slices bread SHOP 6 slices boiled ham

Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Managei V32 slightlycup milkbeaten eggs l/4 cup shortening 872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Combine butter and mustard. Spread

on bread. Make six sandwiches by Rom. here to HQwaiitheylove that "y&astjriz"crust t

placing a ham slice between slices of buttered bread. Combine eggs and

milk. Dip each sandwich into egg mixture, turning it to coat both sides. Brown

sandwiches on both sides in small amount of hot shortening. Serve hot.

Without being reminded, no one will overlook America's favorite dessert: ice cream and cake or cookies. Serve them QAW

plain or dressed up. Perhaps an ice

cream cake sundae, decorated with your favorite topping, would be just the thing for tonight.

Remember that snacks should be not only easy to fix but also healthful, that if they are leftovers, they should be attractivelyprepared leftovers. Let these

few suggestions be a stimulus to your own imagination, and make snacktime a favorite time in your home.

The Magic astEiz"Gcast ujttLtt*Q/YY\j with Prick minutes. 20 about bulk, in shortencup min- 1/4 in Stir 8 350F.Tor milk. at 1/3 cup oven in Scald Bake fork teaspoon 1/4 bakeor and and Fill sugar Circle tablespoons brown. not 6 ing Do into crusts store Measure use. To to lukewarm. to ready until Cool salt. utes.Ire in Ethel by (Cool foil. Hold Hopper water in hot) (not wrap and stack warm cup 1/4 cool, bowl 3. Add Makes yeastO days. 1-10 compressed for refrigerator lukewarm to Yeast, Fleischmann's Filling is cake circle. or a about magic Just package 1 Ham dissolve. toThere or Stir baked ground compressed. or cups dry 2 active together circle"the bring "family words Mix beaten 1 crumbs mixture bread dry milk fine cup lukewarm in Stir ham, Vz boiled flour enriched and of security feeling under- a nulk and cup sifted 1 cups mustard, dry l*i and teaspoon egg i/2 additional an in Stir crushed smooth. until of togetherness. drained sense a standing and Beat cup +gj+* (about), g Yeastflour into enriched mixture sifted Spoon cups can. 2 li/4 No just feeling This happened, have in may bug, tablespoons doubled until 2 rise Combine Let Crust knead r dtvide with down, Margarine it Punch of the hours. outgrowth but be again Bonnet may Blue about 10incn cup into 1 m remaining each Roll and pieces. sugar 3 brown into circle several things. people In a 9-inch meltedS3 into firmly Press circle. V*jFJ*. dnhrt crushed**&**?g Brush Sprinkle fork face other, one's of see can each tines and mixture with of ham edge top Press on Spoon dec in (To white. Bake coconut. egg beaten slightly shredded 1 tell voice that iA cup eyes the with and much with smafl or minbraid 2025 thin for place 350>F. at crust, oven orate moderate Brush not. does rim servings. 4-6 around dough Makes of hot. cutouts Serve xes doubled untd rise Let white.) egg with there before were Undoubtedly

stoves, families gathered about a fireplace. The warmth and seclusion rr

would have relaxed the members and Only yeast can make would have made it hard to be pretentious or evasive. Casual remarks such a dream of a crust,

were more likely to have assumed says Mrs. Iwalani Kamoku, prizewinning cook of

their true meanings. Hilo, Hawaii. "It's wonderfully light and so delicious.

We know that gathering about the week,I like tokeepbake'emtwoin orthethreerefrigeratorcrusts earlyfor thein the evening campfire was the high light of weekend... ready to fill and brown.

a pioneer's day. During the daylight "But be sure the yeast you use is Fleischmann's

the family might have separated, the kind prizewinning cooks depend on. Use

gathering fuel, trudging behind, the cake yeast or use Fleischmann's handy dry yeast helping others, or riding with a that keeps for months."

friend. But the campfire drew them

together, to eat, to foster acquaintanceship, to gather courage, and to TRYYEASTTHE INDRY Freewith a Recipes"yeastriz"forcrust.otherPizza,maintoo!dishesAt

join in prayers of thankfulness and "THRIFTY THREE'S"your grocer's Fleischmann's Active Dry display Yeast to or send supplication. stories love were Many: Yeast, Dept. YH

Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc. 48515, Los Angeles. P. O. Box page) {Continued following on

NOVEMBER 1956 873 Why Share Your Space The Magic Circle with a Swinging Door?

(Continued from preceding page) told by the flash of eyes across the It's entirely circle.

Later the circle was shifted to the kitchen table, and from there to the Automatic dining room table. Three times a day

all members met around it. Then,

more than any other time, children ELECTRIC learned their standards of conduct, their "manners."They shared not only food but also experiences, and WATER

each learned from the other. Around HEATING the table the spirit and ideals of the

parents were "caught"by the children. Around it they learned to wait costs the average

a "MODERNFOLD"patientlyand while untilfather otherscarved werethey learnedserved, familyonly door takes none to take second choice with a smile. about

* MORE SPACE FOR LIVING Problems might be ironed out under a dime

BEAUTY * NEW COLORFUL RIGID - STRENGTH OF STEEL the mellowing influence of hunger a day * * MOVABLE WALLS satisfied. Around the table the chilto their heads dren learned that fold bow the doors toBuy from Your Dealer or Plumber accordion like an their Father gether Heavenly to thank

modernfold forthattheprovidedfood andandforpreparedthe dearit. hands Be Modern

The intimacy of the table gave Live Electrically brother to admit the courage poor UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. For demonstration write or phone or the touchgot in English grade he

down he didn't make. How refreshALDER'S

960 South Main Salt Lake City ing to wash hands and face and come

Phone EM 4-8444 to a big friendly table to his own now!

Please send me your free booklet entitled chair, his own plate! Love and se-

"More Space for Living"iE10. curity were there, although he didn't FOLDING CHAIRS

. NAME know the words. Address

City State.. IN*COLOR

Around that table Sister learned what well -cooked food can do for AT NO a family, how rewarding the hours spent in preparation can be. Father EXTRA

PIKES PEAK COST!

Highest Quality

#2600 All Purpose FLOUR Model Samsonite STRONGEST... LASTS LONGEST!

Now a new feature in America's bestselling folding chair: color. At no extra cost, allsteel folding chair with

nonchip, rustresistant enamel finish in your choice of 10 smart decorator colors. Sturdy tubular steel construction won't tilt or wobble. Folds easily,

stores compactly. Samsonite costs least

because it lasts longest.

, FREE! COLOR CHART,

SHWAYDER BROS.,

Institutional Seating Division,

Dept. IE-6, Detroit 29, Michigan.

Please send Samsonite's free me new

Color Chart allsteel for folding chairs.

Name Organization.

Address City -Zone State L.

Also Makers Card Tables and Chairs,of SamsoniteClassroomLuggage,Furniture 874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA could look around at his loved ones, and, catching mother's smile, forget his hard day. And where else could

father be so completely the head of "SEZ"the family? SANTA CLAUS

Today the circle is in danger of I HAVE DELIVERED SO MANY being broken. There is the breakfast

nook into which we slip in and squeeze out. There is the "snack bar"ORGANSbetween kitchen and living room. HAMMOND

their pull the kids andDad stools THESE PAST FEW YEARS THAT I HAVE HAD TO times. different it, usually atup to

They hook their feet over the rounds USE EXTRA REINDEER. TO BE SURE OF DELIVERY

and balance their elbows on the bar FOR CHRISTMAS, I ADVISE YOU TO ORDER YOURwhile Mom cooks and slides the hamburgers over to them, hot from the HAMMOND EARLY FROM griddle. It is handy!

is there tray. television the Then

Fill in the kitchen,, your and GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. own

without knowing or caring, supper is OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO over. A sad or glad time is had by 2546 Washington Blvd. 74 So. Main 57 No. University Ave.

all, depending on the program. Surely we are losing something when we

discard the old quartersawed oak dinner table. r

KITCHEn CHflRITl GRIND YOUR OWN

CEREAL & WAXED PAPER FLOUR These Times this sturdy with (Continued from page 774) KEEPS FOOD odist Episcopal, and other positions. In FRESHER LONGER! WHEAT MILL

nearly all cases, local ministers reto the invitationsponded extended by ONLY the instances, Era editors. In some few

the Era was obliged to print statements of authoritative character from other $650 sources. The series stands in print today as an admirable effort and expresPOSTPAID

sion. ANYWHEREIN

The lead article in the first issue was AMERICA by Edward H. Anderson, whose pen

was later to contribute much to the

Era. As the past general secretary of Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all

the YMMIA, he offered a historical ackinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds V/2

count entitled "The Past of Mutual pounds of flour or cereal per minute.

Improvement,"which stands today as... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's.

a basic source of organizational history. SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS

is Please send If one me Wheat Mill. Inclosed is there in a curio the first volume

order.) or (check money

itof result $6.50 the too is there Era, as a

of the work of Edward H. Anderson, Name

with the encouragement of the editors, Address especially B. H. Roberts. Entitled "The City

Book of the Revelation of Abraham"State this piece ran in three issues as "Translated from the German of Professor G.

WITH MILLIONS POPULAR Bonwetsch,Nathanael of the UniverHARDWARE PEHRSON OF HOUSEWIVES SOUTH 11th EAST... 2102sity of Goettingen, T ALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Germany, by Edward H. Anderson and R. T. Haag."AT ALL LEADING GROCERS

First appearing in August 1898, this interesting secured from document was

Professor translated as DRINK Home Sewing Opportunity! Bonwetsch and

the result of an account carried in a $200PlayTimeMonthlyDresses;Possible,LacingSewingLeatherBabywear—Moccasins; Sandals. house to Francisco preceding the Baby NoSan newspaper New ficq A delightful selling! house Rush stamped, selfaddressed people noted alert EraJanuary. The for further details! for those envelope hot beverage

that the article contained "many things who don't drink coffee. BABYGAY, P-13, WARSAW, INDIANA

of a character... that ran parallel AT YOUR GROCERS I

NOVEMBER 1956 875 These Times (Continued from preceding page) discovered in the University of Moscow, with what is recorded in the Book of Russia.

Abraham, given to the world by Joseph Those interested in curios can turn

Smith in 1836...."Letters were writto volume one and read Anderson's and

ten to Professor Bonwetsch, who sent Haag's translation of Bonwetsch's transto the Era a copy of the document, said. lation of the old Slavic manuscript for

to be from an old Slavic manuscript themselves. In comparing the book of

with new end American Seating offers comfort and dignity in church furniture vsnnsssixSiSW

For comfort, dignity, and quietness in

Seating seating, choose American church and Jke Jenslovi of jretenSe offer beauty chairs. upholstered They

durability, correct posture; are adaptable Richard L, Evans

to curved rows.

Seating American buy More churches tales in are, in literature of intense life, some and are here other If you make. any products than

life. *- the tensions leading In from a double that come write or build, remodel, to reseat, planning

us in detail about your seating requirements. the field of espionage, for example, there would seem to be

little time for relaxing, little time for the real living of life,

AMERICAN when a person must constantly pretend to be something he

SEATING isn't, or pretend to be doing something he isn't doing. Under

Dept. 169, Grand Rapids 2, Mich. such circumstances, he would likely be afraid of every unWORLD'S LEADER IN PUBLIC SEATING

, guarded act or utterance—even afraid of what he might say

in his sleep. This ties in with a significant sentence by Anne

recently written: Lindberg, somewhat Morrow "The most SKIN PROBLEMS? 1 exhausting thing in life, is being insincere."I have discovered, troubled with rough, dry, If you are

skin itching scaling or given and have up the It is a provocative thought: exhaustion of insincerity—of

in despair, thinking product no would pretense. exciting if a can be colorful and A masquerade

skin, relieve heal or then your you owe it to yourself to try H & M OINTMENT. person can drop the costume and the mask when the evening

Your druggist has this marvelous healing is over. But a permanent masquerade would surely wear a

will gladly ointment refund your and reman away. Acting also is exciting to some. But always to not with pleased you are money if

sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and be acting would surely be altogether exhausting. There are

skincolor. many kinds of pretending: the pretense of pretending to be

something other than we are; of pretending to be doing

something we aren't doing; of pretending to be keeping commandments we aren't keeping; the pretense of trying to

SATISFY. TO ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED justify All acts ourselves or utterances. prein unworthy

order from it atHyour Get drug*Mstore, or tense is altowearisome, even wearing and when we aren't gether aware & LABORATORIES H 151 transparency kind of NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH EASTM 2ND of it, for also—becausewith it come athoseconstantwho strain,are closeand toa

1 oz. - $1.25 really aren't, even 2 oz. - $2.00 us seldom those who we deceive—and POSTPAID sincerity often of perception a kind concerning to have seem

EASY QUICK orquiteinsincerity.so satisfying,Thereas isa nothingquiet, honestquite sincerity—theso convincing, showingnothing

of an honest face and front. And the effort of explaining whyEARNINGS we aren't doing what we ought to do, why we aren't being The Christian Way what we ought to be, why we aren't living as we ought to

Officers, Teachers, Church Members live; the talking back to conscience; the attempt to justify, to

—both men and women—can enjoy explain away what shouldn't be, do worry and wear. There

part or full time, steady earnings isn't much chance to repent, to reform, to improve, to progress dignified Christian most face facts; honestly merely the going through and we or enjoy until community own

art insincerely or or relying motions the masquerade, on the workingway—yourtravel. Endorsedin a by ALL Protestant

... groups Many NO COMPETITION. of acting, are all part of an exhausting kind of pretense, an

to full time people make $10,000.00

$15,000.00 a year. exhausting kind of insincerity. One of the most exhausting

A rewarding lifetime career offered things in life is insincerity.

34 years a by company old. Write JAnne Morrow Lindberg, Gift from the Sea.

fully to Antwerpen, Mr Paul van

IE, 1018 So. Room 601Wabash Ave., Jhe Spoken lA/ord from temple square 5, Illinois. Chicago

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING... A minister writes, "GOD answered SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 16, 1956

my PRAYER and showed me how to earn Copyright 1956 $3600.00 first year working only spare

time."876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Abraham with "The Book of the Revelation of Abraham,"(so translated from the Moscow source, via Goettingen), one may still bear in mind the thoughtful comment of Editors Smith and

Roberts with respect to the latter: "...

how much is tinged with fable... we

cannot pretend to say."

Fiction, poetry, news of the Church athome and abroad, current events, politi- (00 cal commentary, biographical sketches, items of varied religious appeal—all

combine to make volume one of the.. and

Era impressive. Whether handling

theological questions, presenting myth, it's good fantasy, or thoughtful exposition, Editors ASmith and Roberts laid out their work for them in grand style. Business manager of Milk

Grant and his assistant Hull offered the Royal Baking Co whole for a subscription price of two Salt Lake and Ogden in Every Loaf dollars a year—a price maintained

through wars, depressions, panics, and Enriched with VITAMINS and IRON inflation for many, many years. In the

second issue, the twelve to fourteen hundred missionaries were offered the magazine for a special missionary rate of one dollar. By the time the third issue

appeared, the business and spiritual The work and glory of God is to bring energy of Heber J. Grant had produced ofto man.pass the immortality and eternal life

a situation whereby missionaries were UHHHHH magazines, through distribuprovided tion to their respective mission headquarters, at no cost to themselves at all.

In the fifth issue, March 1898, William

H. King's article "Through WarStrick-

en Cuba"appeared. To keep faith with

readers, the editors had Congressman

King send 4,600 words by special disPRESERVE REDWOOD'S NATURAL BEAUTY neglect Thompson's Use Redwood!patch from Washington in order for Don't

Stain waterproof Redwood way—the new

this to as article scheduled appear and to preserve, restore enhance, protect and colored improved and The new penetrating, natural long beauty. Deep hispromised. thought Mr. King manuSalvation"of chart "Plan should

lasting, moistureresistant contains Thompin every complete most home. bescript the 15, 1898; on due was A March

... son's builtin Seal pigments Water all for visual useful teachaid and it 15.editors expected February on retard that fading. with brush, Apply ers in missionaries, the Church,

roller cloth, spray. or to covers Gallon up passed, the deadline "There was 24"size etc.When seminaries, complete

feet. direct; Pint or square dealers 400 At references. section of a with Only as to done. hesitancy should beno what postpaid. Gallon $5.32 Quart $1.30; $1.72;

it is at here. Available shown

Inc., C.O.D.'s. Co., E. A. No. fail to neither publish Thompson Era mustThe Store, Salt Deseret Lake Book

Calif. Francisco 3, Mart, Merchandise San it articlethe promised, nor had one be City, or

day late in issuing its February number."(Vol. 1, p. Employing 370) the THE VISUAL AIDtelegraph, the editors Mr. King and

went to work and demonstrated that BOX 134, ROOSEVELT, UTAH, PHONE 111 journaliststhey were true determined PRICE $2.00

a journal's responsibilitiesto maintain Whenever you moveto its readers.

Evidenced by Elder Hart's checkup Send your old mailing label toon certain "prominent"readers in 1897 and by the designs and achievements gether with your new address to of the editorial and business staff, it is plain that the men of sixty years ago IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

ERA THE IMPROVEMENT big. castwere long shadows. They of Canker, in treatment simple Aids

asBetter, of speech, torches a figure the Street North Main 50 throat sore minor mouth and other in their far light the hands shed down irritations. and throat Salt 16, Utah Lake Cityyears. editors, contributors Readers, and

in these times will have to run fast to their to or willexceed shadows, have Allow us 30 days. HALL'S REMEDY

stretch their pretty high with arms good City, Utah Salt Lake lamps to produce as much illumination.

NOVEMBER 1956 877 How to The General Authorities enjoy deluxe (Continued from page 815) California),Sustained as aAugustmember1931of theto FirstMarchCouncil1934.

World War II president of European Misof the Seventy, October 1931; set apart, "fountain sundaes sion. President Ogden (Utah) Stake 1919October 8, 1931.

37. Sustained as Assistant to the Council

Set 5, 1941. April Twelve, the at home with of born January apart, OSCAR KIRKHAM AMMON President 21, Heber 1941, by J. Grant. May at Lehi, Utah. Mission: 22, 1880, German,

secretary, executive 1909, 1900; YMMIA, born DecemEARL YOUNG, CLIFFORD of previously a having been TbuineXftide member YMMlA City. Missions: at Salt Lake ber 7, 1883,

as of general board. Sustained a member British, Swiss 1905February and 1906; July toppings First the Seventy, of the Council October 5,

1908. 1906February February German, apart, set Presi1941, 1941, 18, October by 19281941. Stake, Alpine (Utah) President

Grant. dent Heber J. of to the Assistant as the Council Sustained

Twelve, April 6, 1941, set apart, May 21, 1941, by President Heber J. Grant. SEYMOUR DILWORTH YOUNG born

September 7, 1897, at Salt Lake City. MisStates, to Central January at sions 5, 1884, born March SONNE, ALMA

president, 1, 1922; October New13, England1920, to 1910Britain, Missions: Great Logan, Utah;

1912; president European Mission, October States Mission May 17, 1947, to April 1,

1946November 1949. President Cache 1951. Sustained as a member of the First

(Utah) Stake. Sustained Assistant to the Council of the Seventy, April 6, 1945, set

Council of the Twelve, April 6, 1941, set apart, May 23, 1945, by President George apart, May 26, 1941, by President Heber J. Albert Smith.

Grant.

MILTON REED HUNTER born October

EL RAY L. CHRISTIANSEN born July 13, 25, 1902, at Holden, Utah. Sustained as a

1897, at Mayfield, Utah. Mission.?: Central member of the First Council of the Seventy,

Now make sundaes like a fountain proStates 192425; president, Texas Mission, April 6, 1945. Set apart, May 23, 1945, by

fessional—the Towne Pride way! Big, May 1937August 1941. Bishop, Draper George F. Richards.

luscious, mouth - watering sodas and (Utah) First Ward, 1935; president Logan

to eat. a sundaes that are president 1952; dream Temple, Towne May 1943February born July 29, McCONKIE, BRUCE REDD

it 1951easily, do Pride Toppings (Utah) Stake, for you March East Cache—so 1915, at Mission: Michigan. Ann Arbor,

so simply. Makes serving ice cream five March 1952. Sustained as Assistant to the Eastern States, October 1934 to December

times as enjoyable. Comes in five delicious Council of the Twelve, October 6, 1951; set 1936. Sustained as a member of the First

flavors: chocolate fudge, strawberry, apart, October 11, 1951, by President Council of the Seventy, October 1946; set

butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup. Stephen L Richards. Director of Geneapart, October 10, 1946, by President George

alogical Society December 9, 1953. President Albert Smith; servicemen's coordinator,

Salt Lake Temple, December 29, 1953. June 1947.

JOHN LONGDEN, born November 4, 1898, MARION DUFF HANKS, born October 13, at Oldham, England. Mission: Central 1921, at Salt Lake City. Missions: Northern

States, October 1921March 1924. Bishop States, February 1942February 1944; asSalt Lake City Nineteenth Ward, September sistant director, Temple Square Mission,

1925September 1930; assistant LDS service1946. Sustained as a member of the First

men's coordinator, 19421945; sustained as Council of the Seventy, October 7, 1953; set

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, apart, October 13, 1953, by President David

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. GRIND Octoberby 6, 1951; set apart, October 11, 1951, O. McKay.

24, born October B. BROWN, 1883, JOSEPH LEOPOLD WIRTHLIN, born AuBritish Mission, Utah. Missions: WWOWN HUGHat Granger, THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

FLOUR! September 1904November 1906; president, gust 14, 1893, at Salt Lake City, Utah. MisBritish Mission, 193740 and 194446; presisions: SwissGerman, 1913 (finishing in

dent Lethbridge (Alberta, Canada) Stake, Central States), Ensign Stake Mission, 1919Enjoy 192127 and Granite (Salt Lake City) Stake, 1920; bishop, Salt Lake City Thirtythird

April 14, 1935; April 22, 1928, to Ward, coordinator, flavor 19291936. servicemen's finer LDS

(Salt City) president Lake of Bonneville as Assistant to 1942. Sustained the Council and greater

nutrition of of the Twelve, October 4, 1953; set apart, Stake, October 28, 1935, to May 16, 1938;

whole wheat October 20, 1953, by President David O. sustained as second counselor in Presiding

set April apart 14, April 6, 1938, grain... McKay. Bishopric,

first Grant; Heber 1938, by President J.

ground! freshly Bishopric, in counselor Presiding December SILL, born March STERLING WELLING

14, Albert Smith; President George 1946, by at Mission: 1903, 31, Layton, SouthUtah.

every food element 6, April Bishop, 1952; as Presiding sustained Everincreasing States, 1926. 1924April Bishop, January TOis ern WRITE set apart, 10, 1952, in April David popularity by President (Salt Lake Bonneville Park prices—FREE retained!DAY for Garden Ward,

Everyone knows fcrcfsl O. McKay. 19361946. Stake, City) Sunday that recipes—food"Member, other cereal bread and

foods made with whole SPECIAL School general board, 1952 to 1954. Susfreshly grain ground Septemborn ISAACSON, BEAL THORPE to of the FLOUR Assistant the Council tained OFFER—

is tastier richer far and as Set apart at Utah. 1898, 6, introber for Ephraim, coupon Send set apart, April April 14, 6, 1954; Twelve, nutriin healthgiving offer 5-lb. of ductory Presiding Bishopric the in counselor second it's President the O. ments. 1954, And David McKay. by pkg.. wheat Smith Deaf AlPresident 12, wise someGeorge where—1946, home by December flour, richAmerica's

it. is thing about done in first est food elements, in as counselor sustained bert Smith; FIRST OF COUNCIL THE THE select or -Minn., Wis. efficient, the Rapid set 6, April Bishopric, 1952; Presiding the—flour stone wheat SEVENTY Electric—Household Lee President 10, apart, Stephen April 1952, by it's the ground day FlourMill reduceswhole

shipped. 2, February born LEVI YOUNG, L Richards. EDGAR for fluffy flour to grain

fraction of a to penny Salt City. Eastern at Missions 1874, Lake a

LEE ENGINEERING all, of pound. a president, CO. States, 1897, 1901; Germany, born DecemBUEHNER, WILLIAM Salt CARL 3, Wis. Milwaukee it's STONE BestGROUND—presi1922-35; Mission, Square Temple Lake at Stuttgart, Mis27, Germany. 1898, ber

I.E. Dept.,LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, 1939States Mission, dent, England 1919. States, Bishop New sion: oLForest Eastern

Ave., 3, Wis. Milwaukee Wisconsin2023 W. First of the as 1941. a Sustained member Stake, City) (Salt Lake Granite Dale Ward,

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 Council of the Seventy, October 6, 1909; set August 2, 1938January 24, 1942; president

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 apart, January 23, 1910. Granite Stake, January 17, 1946 to 1951;

Name member general welfare committee, JanuStreet ANTOINE11, 1881, atRIDGEWAYSt. George,IVINS,Utah. bornMission:May Presidingary 16, 1951;Bishopric,set apart'Aprilsecond10, 1952,counselorby Presiin

City.....State President, Mexican Mission (headquarters in dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Question announcing

(Concluded from page 782) "And thou art after the order of WINTER him who was without beginning of days or end of years, from all eternity QUARTER to all eternity.

"Behold, thou art one in me, a son NEW CLASSES START JAN. 2

of God; and thus may all become sons. "Personal attention and

2Amen."... all the development

Today there are foolish daughters advantages of a small school."

of those who hold this same priest- ] LDS BUSINESS COLLEGE

Street 70 Main Northhood who are violating this com- I

City, Salt Lake | mandment and marrying the sons of Please send Utahfull information about the [ l College. men; there are also some of the sons MAIL

of the those priesthood hold who who TODAY! COUPON of theare marrying daughters men.

will receive immediate You on ] City Zone State j information reply with is this ofAll of will contrary to the etc. tuition, classes, schedules,

God just as much as it was in the days of Noah.

PHONE mid., 6:6668. BUSINESS COLIEGE

Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY Exploring the Universe

(Concluded from page 773) Last April 29th Professor J. J. ThomYOUR ERA SUBSCRIPTION MAY EXPIRE

son of Cavendish Laboratory, Cambridge University, England, announced... when you're least expecting it. But it needn't. For, by

the existence of some particles or corpusknowing the expiration date—and by renewing at least two

cles called "electrons."He has summonths before that date arrives—you can insure against missall concludes: the evidencemarized and ing even a single issue of The Improvement Era.

particles are all of the these"1. That

same mass and carry the same charge of Check the address label on the back cover of one of your negative electricity from whatever kind copies. If the numbers on the last line read "037"for example,

of atom they may be derived, and are the last issue we can mail you under your present subscription a constituent of all atoms. 2. That will be March 1957.

indivisible, for negativelyatoms are not To renew just mail your payment of $2.50 along with a

torn particleselectrified from can be them by the action of electrical forces, copy of your address label to impact of rapidly moving atoms, ultraviolet light or heat. 3. That the mass of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

these particles is less than onethou- 50 No. Main Street - Salt Lake City, Utahsandth part of the mass of an atom of

hydrogen."

LATE GENTIANS mowioe. By Eva Willes Wangsgaard k FOLDING WEA COMPLETE OFFER..

SERVICE'Today was warm as any summer day. BANQUET ENGRAVING

I wandered through the garden. Grass TABLES Catalogues.From Missionary Portraits to the Largest green. was

Belated roses'blooming made a gay, scene. Direct Prices & Mail Orders Given Prompt AttentionCerise intrusion on November's

All out of step with Time, who never halts Discounts to UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

His tortoise steps for gardens or for me, Churches, Schools, 231 Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah

The Indian Summer warmth, seductive, and all Institutions false, Spread living jade where crystal white should be.

I azure gathered gentians. Unaware,

JOHNSON & JOHNSONI let their fringes tears. falling TRUCKS with dew storingMONROE eyes, else nothing your were and wasThey Forthe wayTables Chairstruck L.D.S. Geneaiogscal Research easyeither EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables handles there.

of tion storage chairs.permits No. TSCor Storage Tronjport Truckspace. in limitedI years, stood the confronted empty by TS in Truck No. Specializing

Weeping for gentians, neither flesh nor their inquiries to Church Units may direct the U.S. Census Records and

47 Department, East Purchasing Church bone,

All my bereavement wakened by their tone. South Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Pension Records

THE rWon*Oe COMPANY Box 3188Washington 9, D. C.

249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX. IOWA

NOVEMBER 1956 879 Washington, Pennsylvania Dear Editors:

| happened to procure the April 1956 issue of The Improvement

Era, and while I read through it, I liked best the article on "Archaeology and the Book of Mormon."

The unsolvable past is very intriguing to me, and anytime I read "of the uncovering of the past, I'm very inquisitive and want to learn about my past!

And to make the coincidence more mystifying, I saw the movie,

Quest of the Lost City, from the findings by the Lambs, a husband and wife team discovering the lost city of the Mayas in Central

America.

My purpose in writing is to find out if I could, in some way, procure back issues of The Improvement Era, to have the complete file on that article, or just the articles themselves. If I could

get either request filled, I'd be more than pleased.

I would be pleased to hear any and all correspondence relating to the above subject.

Yours very truly, /s/ Peter Shulin MUTUAL GIRLS HONORED AT BANQUET

Deart- -p.Editors:j., Glendale 6, California

I ast March it was announced that the young men of Henefer T have stopped before completely scouring our second bathroom,

Ward, Summit (Utah) Stake, had made an excellent record and the two small - fry we borrowed (so their mom can have in attendance at priesthood and Sacrament meeting. The twenty- a complete hairdo job) are jabbering, and the sprinklers have

two girls enrolled in Mutual decided to see what they could do. gone well beyond their time, and I expect our grown, hardworking

All the girls had achieved at the end of the MIA year, May 31. teenage boys home momentarily for lunch: BUT I must immeIn August the girls were honored at a banquet given by the ward diately thank you humbly and sincerely for accepting for a future

bishopric and their wives. copy of The Improvement Era, "Secrets are Kept."Can you

Those in the picture, left to right, first row: Darlene Richins, realize how much lift an occasional sale of a poem gives a poet,

Sharon* Wilde, DiAnn Wilde, Saundra Stephens, Janice Mischke, particularly when it is accepted by a market of your high quality,

Mary Ackerson, Ann Taylor. Second row: Marilyn Richins, dignity, esteem, and circulation?

Selma Taylor (Jr. Gleaner leader), Ethel Taylor (Bee Keeper), Sincerely

Melva Richins (YWMIA president), Violet Ovard (manual counhi Mrs. Edith M. J. Hounsell

selor), Ruth Francis (Mia Maid leader), Connie Wilde. Third

row: Dorene Mischke, Vera Wright, Nadine Fawcett, Frances Dear Editors: Blue SPrin Missouri

Stephens, Virginia Tweed, Ila Dawson, Joan Foster (attendance Tt is impossible to write in just a few words, the thankfulness I secretary), Carol Richins, Cleone Richins, Marsha Stephens. Not feel for my membership in the Church of Jesus Christ of

present when the picture was taken were Elsena Jensen Jones, Latterday Saints. Out here where the branches of the Church

Leone Roberts Creager, and Shirley Francis. are small and far between, it is easy to stray from our teachings.

I was brought in contact with the Church after a ten year absence, and this second chance means more to me than I can say. At last my two young sons are in Primary and Sunday

School, and my Catholic husband is an earnest investigator.

Fort Stewart, Georgia The very first Sunday that I came back, an elderly sister sold

Dear Editors: me a subscription to The Improvement Era, and it is the best

Oeing so far away from our home in Utah, we have found The way I know for my family and me to become acquainted with the

Improvement Era our one sure way of hearing all the Church leaders of this great Church.

all the. missionaries those I wish so I have known and who special issue. the conference enjoyednews. Much We especially

the gospel to explained could of the know my husband it is faithfully to attend since our meetingsof the time unable we have been quite a long drive, and we always look forward to receiving our changes and the happiness in our home.

Era each month. Sincerely,

Thank you very much for making this magazine possible. hi Mrs. Joseph De Long

Sincerely, P.S. It is fourteen miles to the nearest branch, which is in

hi Sp-2 and Mrs. J. N. Stephens Independence, Missouri.

ST. GEORGE STAKE MIA MAIDS ACHIEVE

A fter three years of trying, the Mia Maid leaders and the execuwhich led past four mileposts: First Year Mia Joy award, Second

** tives of the YMMIA of the St. George (Utah) Stake reached Year Mia Joy award, Silver Gleaner, and Golden Gleaner awards,

their goal—their stake Rose Bouquet tying. Eightyeight Mia Maids on to temple marriage. Every ward in the stake which had a Mia

of a possible 117 girls in the stake, and five leaders received Mia Maid class had an assignment on the program.

Joy awards. The theme of the evening was "Stepping Stones,"Submitted by Mrs. Elmer Hall.

II:.'1W>1 880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA You've seen the pathetic little figure—just on the

edge of all the fun. Would you care to picture your

child in the shadows? Behavior problems like this

often have farreaching effects in later years.Child

That's why it's so important that modern parents will help you guide him have a guide to help direct their children along the in getting along with othe properChildcrafcourse.t is the only help of its kind available

to you. It is America's famous child development

plan, offering you the services of 150 leading child guidance and educational experts. In addition,

Childcraft is crammed to the covers with pictures, poems, music, science, and projects to stimulate the young and growing mind.

Childcraft can mean a better, happier way of life for you and yours.

Send Now for FREE BOOKLET!

Mr. George Smith

Childcraft, Dept. 324A

Box 3565, Chicago 54, Illinois

Please send me FREE, without obligation, my copy of the new 24page booklet, "Their Future Is In Your Hands,"which contains a summary of "Education Is a 'Round The

Clock Process."

Name- a set of Childcraft earn family. for your Inquire how you can For Address- -Countywrite Lucile to Mrs. Orr, Childcraft, information, 424A, full Dept.

Box 3565, Chicago 54, Illinois City -Zo7ie State—

Field Enterprises, Inc., Educational Division, Chicago 54, 111. My Children's ages are.

#m w #Cdij||:# PPSBSiPv

n it pays to "be prepared Why

After arising in the cold predawn, and strugbusiness opportunity, a chance to retire when we gling to get to the blind in time for the first want to, or to give our children a fine education.

shooting, these boys still weren't ready when the Whatever the objective, Beneficial's Planned Fuducks flew over. Like many of us, they just weren't tures program can help you prepare for it. But you

prepared for their opportunity. can't wait until you need the money. Be prepared.

It's pretty much the same with money matters. Make a date with your friendly Beneficial Life

There are times in our lives when we need agent soon... and let him tell you more about

extra money for special purposes. It may be a the benefits of a Beneficial "Planned Future."

Call your nearest Beneficial Life agent or write to the address below for complete information about "Planned Futures."

BENEFICIAL LIFE 'Mkifaitwe ompanu 47 West South Temple XO / Salt Lake City, Utah

David O. McKay, President