IMPROVEMENT

Or$ai? of tl?e priesthood Quorums ai)d tl?e Youi}0 /T\eij'g

/T\utual Improvement /tesociatiops of ttye <$urel?

of Jesus <$rist of Catterday 5aii)ts

Vol. XII. JUNE, 1909. No. 8.

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board $2.00 PER ANNUM

Scenic Line if the World

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO Before the Smoke Clears flwiv

On your flre9tricken shop, factory, office or itore, you can resume business if inDENVER, sured with us. No long unnecessary ST. LOUIS delays in adjusting, no haggling over

terms; but prompt payment of losses AND

every time. It's to our interest to get you set up in business again—we c*n GHIGAGO

insure you again.

Nome Fire Insurance Company of Utah

For Folders, Booklets etc.. adHIBIli, GI1IT ft Co.. General Itfs. dress I. A. BENTON, G.A.P.D.,

3036 Seutk Mala St., Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES. 351.

Jos. Wm. Taylor

UndertakerIUtah's Leading and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel. Private

Parlor.Show Rooms and Morgue

OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT 21. 23, 25 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

Bank. of utah nits rr

semiannually, Interest, solicits computed Bank the accounts of on THIS Deposits. Saving* firms banks, individuals, and and

to extends all its branches. such customers in every Banking4%Commercial

Accounts of Banks and Individuals solicited. reasonable courtesy and facility.

Customers assured the best accommodations consistent with conservative and safe banking.

Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, JtutphAnthon F.H.Smith,Lund.f.Prts.Prut, Chas.S.U T McEwan,Aist.CaihBurton, Cashitr

President. Cashier.

(When ivriting to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Songs Zion of No turning of l*ave while singing. Every > m*

song complete on the open page. Order - /*

sample copy. Price, cloth postpaid... yJ\-J V-'

SEND ORDERS TO

IMPROVEMENT ERA, 214 Templeton Bldg. Salt Lake City

19081909 ReadingCourseMIA BOOKS FOR JUNIORS "The Last of the Mohicans"Cooper. 40c

"Cortez"Abbott 40c FOR SENIORS "A Tale of Two Cities,"Dickens... 40c

"Hypatia,"Kingsley 40c "Joseph Smith, the ProphetTeacher"B.

H. Roberts 75c

This is a little booklet of 74 pages printed on heavy deckleart paper, in special type, with artistic lettering, and beautifully bound in cloth. It will prove very helpful as supplementary reading to the Seventies'year book and

the Young Men's senior manual.

Send to Improvement Era, 214 Templeton Building

Salt Lake City, for these books. Cash

must accompany orders (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1909.

Joseph F. Smith, | CiUll'orBpdit Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderion, f Alpha J. Higgs, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Rachel Ridgeway Ivins Grant. (With Portrait) 515

Our Indestructible, Immortal Identity Prest. Joseph F. Smith 591

Nauvoo Today. (Illustrated) John Zimmerman Brown.... 600

Prayer and Purpose W.I. Gray 608

Come Into His Fold. Anthem Edward H. Anderson

William C. Clive 610

Advice. A Poem 616

Typical Turkish Scenes. (Illustrated) Joseph O. Phelps 617

Choose Thou For Me. A Poem Brigham S. Young 620

The "Three Nephites"E. D. Partridge 621

Character /. W. Fletcher,. 624

Native Races of South Africa. (Illustrated) Orson M. Rogers 525

Queer Truths 635 The Massacre at Fort Laramie. (With Portraits) Lydia D. Alder 636

He Dreamed Dreams. A Poem 638

SelfControl—XIII. The Dignity of SelfReliance William George Jordan 639

A Song—Early in the Morning. A Poem Ruth May Fox 643

Turkey's Revolution. (Illustrated) John T. Woodbury, Jr 644

Peace William Halls 653 People and Places in the Orient. (Illustrated).... Frank J. Hewlett 658

Editor's Table—Devotion to the Cause of Zion.... President Joseph F. Smith.. 668

Messages from the Missions 674

Priesthood Quorums'Table 678 Mutual Work—Annual Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A.

Conference—Maricopa Mutuals—Sheffield

M. I. A.—Social—"The Land of the Prophet's Nativity"680

Interad at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, as 8econdClaai Matter

Vol. XII. JUNE, 1909. No. 8

RACHEL RIDGEWAY IVINS GRANT.

[At an early hour on the morning of January 27, 1909, Rachel

Ridgeway Grant, affectionately known as "Grandma Grant,"and the mother of Heber J. Grant, died in Salt Lake City. Sister Grant was the sixth child

and third daughter of Caleb Ivins, whose grandmother was a Shreve, a family whose members have conspicuous mention in the history of New Jersey. While

residing in Hornerstown with her uncle she first heard the gospel. She eventually

joined the Church, and in 1842 went to Nauvoo, where she became acquainted with the Prophet Joseph Smith and other leading spirits of the Church, passing through many severe experiences incident to those days. After the martyrdom,

she returned to Hornerstown where she resided until 1853, when, with her sister

Anna and others who had joined the Church in that vicinity, she emigrated to

Utah, arriving in Salt Lake City on the 10th of August that year. Two years

later she married Jedediah Morgan Grant, and November 22, 1856, her only son, Heber J. Grant, of the quorum of Twelve Apostles, was born. Nine days

later she was left a widow in very humble circumstances, preferring that condition to accepting an offer from her wellto-do relatives to return to New Jersey and to renounce her religion. She was president of the 13th ward Relief Society for upwards of thirtyfive years, and was always faithful to her duties and

cheerful under every condition. Of late years she was almost deprived of her

hearing, which unfortunate condition restricted her public work. She bore it all,

however, with that great patience and calmness so characteristic of her noble life.

She was in her eightyeighth year when she passed away, and since the celebration of her eightieth birthday, passed her days with her granddaughter, Lucy

Grant Cannon, in peace a nd restful happiness. Her remains were buried from the

58G IMPROVEMENT ERA.

27th ward chapel, January 29. The speakers who paid tribute to this

true soldier of the cause and choice jewel of God, were Elder John Henry Smith,

President Richard W. Young, and Presidents Joseph F. Smith, John R. Winder

and Anthon H. Lund. Bishop James Maxwell preside 1.

Pall bearers.—B. F. Grant, A. W. Ivins, J. H. Grant, John H. Taylor,

Ashby D. Boyle, Geo. J. Cannon.

Quartette, "Thou dost not weep to weep alone"—George D. Pyper, H. S.

Ensign, Lizzie Thomas Edward, Mabel Cooper.

Prayer by Elder Joseph E. Taylor.

Solo, "Sister, thou wast mild and lovely,"by George D. Pyper.

Elder John Henry Smith and President Richard W. Young spoke, and Mrs.

Lizzie ThomasEdward sang, "Who are these arrayed in white?"Presidents

John R. Winder and Anthon H. Lund spoke and Horace S. Ensign sang "0

my Father."President Joseph F. Smith then delivered the closing sermon,

reported by F. W. Otterstrom. The quartette sang "Farewell all earthly

honors,"and the benediction was pronounced by Elder RulonS. Wells. Editors.]

Elder John Henry Smith said:

is a privilege to be in attendance upon My Brethren and Sisters:—It

these services this morning, and to stand in the presence of one such as

Sister Grant, one who has been a genuine soldier of the cross all her life long, and who has lived to this good age and enjoyed good health, enabled to perform the duties that have attached to her life. She has

been faithful, true, devoted and earnest. Her life's mission has been a

labor of love and devotion to the truth, as she accepted it in her young womanhood, and with that earnest devotion and faith she has met life's vicissitudes with a spirit of heroism and with unwavering courage and faith. She had her part to bear, passing through a variety of tribulations and trials, during the early experiences f the Saints. Having

been faithful, she has fulfiied her mission and gone forward. She went

to her rest, with that faith unabated in any sense of the word.

This seems to be a day of the gathering of some of those aged and devoted heroes and heroines of this latterday work, who came into this western land and put the best there was in them to the building up of this country, and the advancement of the cause of righteousness.

While it was not her privilege to go out into the world to travel preach and minister, as some of our brethren have done, who have recently gone to their sleep; yet within the circle of her life she has

shown that faith and virtue which hive made her a stay and a strength to the people with whom she mingled—a guardian angel among the

sick and afflicted, a prudent, conscientious and careful counselor to those who were in distress and needed counsel. She was an exemRACHEL RIDGEWAY IVINS GRANT. 587

plar of every one of the ideals that we hold best in our lives, a genuine, devoted wife, a loving, earnest, thoughtful and prudent mother; a consistent Latterday Saint; a thoroughly genuine, bighearted, generous

soul whose lifework has been the uplifting and betterment of her kind.

Few can be found who have as faithfully fulfiled the duties and responsibilities that have rested on their hands. Left a widow in her

early days, she followed out with devotion and courage the duties and responsibilities that she had accepted in her motherhood, and in the extension and spread of the work of the Almighty to which she had if we can ever have joy in the presgiven her young life. It is a joy—

ence of the dead—to feel that such has been the heroic character of

this good woman. It is also a joy to realize that she has gone to her

wellearned rest upon the other side, where that army of kinspeople and friends and loved ones, who have gone before, will welcome her with open arms and receive her into their companionship. They will have

joy in her devotion and faithfulness while here, and in the fulfilment of her work. She has gone to that reckoning that must come to us all.

No words of mine can add to or take from the labors of such a woman as Sister Grant. Her work is done; her mission here is ended.

We are to lay her away to await the morning of the resurrection, and that she will come forth clothed with glory, immortality and eternal life, in the due time of the Lord, there is no question in the minds of those who have known her, who have enjoyed her companionship, who have loved her as a mother, as a neighbor, as a friend, as a sister in the

Church. We know her virtues and have felt that spirit of love and

kindness that was so manifest in her character. Oh! I wish there were

more women of her type of womanhood in this world. She was a woman

whose devotion and faith, and the character of whose life has made a deep impression in the circle in which it has been her privilege to move, for all the men and all the women who have known her must, if they speak the truth, say that she was indeed one of the jewels sent of our

God in the dispensation of the fulness of times, to have part in the establishment of his great latterday work. We must recognize them

as jewels sent of God; we recognize their exemplary lives, their consistent conduct, their unfailing courage, their thorough devotion to the

principles of righteousness which the Lord has established. Such was

the life and character of our sister whose remains lie here today.

I pray that the blessings of our God may attend her son, his children and grandchildren, and make th<-m equal to the responsibilities that rest upon them. May they follow out the ideals exhibited in the life of

such a mother, and may we who have known her intimately in our child588 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

hood, as boys and girls, and who have grown up under the immediate inspiration of her spirit, ever be able to hold in remembrance her memory, and may we recollect with satisfaction and joy the good words that she has spoken, the genial, and the proper example that she has set, the evidence of motherly worth, of wifely devotion, her consideration for the unfortunate, and all those elements that go to make both men and women pleasing and satisfactory to their Heavenly Father.

May God's blessings attend you, my brethren and sisters, and may his peace be over you, is my prayer, in the name of Jesus, Amen.

President Richard W. Young said:

My Brethren and Sisters:—I cannot recall the time in my life when

I was not acquainted with Sister Grant. Through living very closely

together, and I ihink possibly chiefly through being thrown together in the Sunday schools in the old Thirteenth ward, Brother Heber J. Grant

and I became intimate very early in our lives, in an acquaintanceship that developed a friendship that has continued until this time; a friendship

which, on my part at least, has been marked by an admiration for his character, for his ability and for his devotion to his mother, whose funeral we are attending today. Through that close intimacy and

friendship with Brother Grant, I was very frequently in the house of

Sister Grant, very frequently at her table, and I slept under her roof on many and many occasions. I am satisfied that my own recollections

and opinions of Sister Grant are the recollections of all who are present.

We who know anything of her life respect and admire her for the great fortitude of character which she displayed in her early days in identifying herself with an unpopular Church. We know how devoted she

has been to that Church. We know how she has served the people.

We know how devoted she has been as a mother, as a grandparent. We

know what a benignity and peace have possessed her soul. We cannot

remember her without the utmost satisfaction. She had a peace and a

patience about her that is perhaps more truly characteristic of a testimony of the existence of God and a future existence than any other quality can possibly be. It seems to me that those who are truly converted to a future state must in patience rise above the petty annoyances of this life; they must or should show forth in their daily lives

and intercourse with others an imperturbability to the annoyances of life that they cannot otherwise possess. One who is deeply convinced

that he will live forever cannot be weighed down and perplexed with the trivialities of this world.

There was a calmness and a peace, as I have said, in the face, in

RACHEL RIDGEWAY IVINS GRANT. 589

the words and in the life of Sister Grant, that I am satisfied convinced all who came in contact with her that she had an abiding faith in God and in his everlasting kingdom, and in her own salvation. She has died

with the love of all who knew her and the respect of the entire community. May God preserve her memory, her blessed memory and example, to her generations after her. May God pour comfort into the

heart of Brother Heber, who, though he knows, of course, that she has died full of years, and has lived beyond the ordinary and allotted time of men and women, yet parts from her with great sorrow and great grief. May God bless him and all the other members of the family, is

my prayer, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

President John R. Winder said:

While we may have some sad reflections on occasions of this kind, there are many things that bring us joy and satisfaction. When we

think of it, what a happy thought it is, that our sister has been faithful, and has gone to her eternal rest. While sitting here, I was thinking what a grand army she will meet on the other side, five presidents

of the Church, a number of their counselors, and her honored and be"loved husband. I remember him with much pleasure, always, because

when I came to this country, a stranger in a strange land, her husband was among the first of those who extended the hand of kindness and fellowship to me, and gave me words of comfort and consolation which

I have never forgotten.

I well remember the time, fiftyfive years ago, when I had the pleasure and the honor of meeting with Sister Grant in our social gatherings; and from that time to the present I have never lost sight of

her. I remember distinctly just exactly how she looked at that time

beautiful in appearance, and so lovely in disposition and character, even in her younger days. I have never met her since then without feeling

better because of meeting her and conversing with her. I always felt

happy and cheerful, because of the beautiful and delightful spirit which she had with her.

Again I say it is a happy thought that we feel so confident and sure that she has gone to a happy and glorious reward, and a pleasant reunion with her friends on the other side. Think of the joyful meeting

and the honor and glory that will be her reward throughout all eternity;

Isn't it a happy thought, my brethren and sisters?

She was just a few months older than I am—I do not remember

how many, but only a few months. She has lived a happy life, always

doing]the best she knew how in all her dealings, no matter with whom 500 1MPR VEMENT ERA.

she came in contact. She was always desirous of benefiting and doing

good to all. I hope, my brethren and sisters, that we will remember

her example, that we will strive, during our lives, to do all we can for the benefit of others, as she has done, that when we shall be called upon to go to the other side we may be as well prepared as she is. I hope

that will be my lot.

I pray that the blessings of the Lord may rest upon the family. I

pray that he 'will bless her son. I remember, also, the day when her beloved husband passed away, when she was left a widow, with our beloved brother Heber, her son. I remember the day of the funeral and

all that pertained to it. All these things loom up before me this morning, just as clear as I see your faces, and bring to my recollection many

good things that I might say in relation to her and her beloved husband and also her son Heber. May the Lord bless the family. May joy and

peace be with them always, and when their time shall come, may they be prepared to go and meet her, is my prayer, in the name of Jesus,

Amen.

President Anthon H. Lund said:

We are in the presence of the dead. Brother Young has said she

has filled a glorious mission here upon the earth, and, as Brother Winder remarked, it is pleasing to contemplate such a life as she has lived. I

have not been acquainted with her until of late years, but whenever I have met her my heart has gone out to her. She was the personification

of patience. At social gatherings, although she]could not hear what was

said, she would sit patiently looking on, and she would enjoy it because she saw that we were enjoying ourselves. Whenever we looked at her,

she had a smile for us. I loved that woman. I loved to meet her and

shake hands with her. She had a beautiful spirit and led a useful life.

I feel that it is indeed well with her, that she will meet her beloved husband and those who are near related to her, whom she loved here, and also the many friends that have gone before, with whom she was acquainted here upon the earth. More than a half century she was a

widow, devoting herself to her son, who did not have the pleasure of knowing his father, his father being called away s early. She was devoted to her son, and in time was rewarded by seeing him called to be

an apostle of the Church of Jesus Christ. This must] have given her

great joy. Later she had the joy of seeing her nephew called to the

same position. I know it is well with Sister Grant. She gave herself

to her husband—one of the greatest missionaries the Church has had,

earnest and forceful, oneVho could convert souls and who could persuade.

RACHEL RIDGEWAY 1VINS GRANT. 591

men and women in the Church to live nearer unto the Lord. Such was

the husband she chose, and she has lived true to his memory. Today we

meet here at her bier, and in a sense we feel no regret that she has been called away. Her son and all who knew her will miss her, but there is

a happy reunion in store for them and for us all. May God bless us all

and help us to follow the beautiful example that she has given us, and may we live so that it can be said of us, as has been said of her today, that we have well and truly fulfiled our mission here upon the earth, as she has done. May our Heavenly Father comfort her son and his children and all those who mourn, is my prayer, in the name of Jesus,

Amen.

OUR INDESTRUCTIBLE, IMMORTAL IDENTITY.

BY PRESIDENTJOSEPH F. SMITH.

I trust that I may be able to control my feelings and that I may say just a few words in connection with the many most pleasing and excellent things that have been said. I have felt especially and rather peculiarly touched since hearing of the sickness

and death of Aunt Rachel Grant; not that the result of her sickness is anything extraordinary or unusual at her period of life,

but because memories of the past are brought up, memories of relationships that have made her rather more to me than a mere sister or friend. Her life's history, altogether, may not be publicly known, and it is not my purpose to say anything especially of

that, more than that the relationships and ties that have been formed here under the bond of the new and everlasting covenant are most sacred things of which the Lord himself will take cognizance and will adjust in the great future, according to his own wisdom and principles of righteousness.

I have learned to look upon Aunt Rachel as very near to me, from the days of my childhood, and I have regarded her in the light in which she has been spoken of by my cousin, John Henry

Smith, and those who have spoken of her. Hers was a life exceptionally grand and pure and lovely. She was not only lovely in

her appearance, and in her earthly being, but she was lovely in her spirit, her faith, her love of God, and in her integrity to the truth that she received in her youth. In heart and soul she has

been true to these things all her life 592 IMPROVEMENT ERA

What a glorious thing it is to know and be true to that which has been revealed in these latter times through the instrumentality of the Prophet Joseph Smith. It was revealed anciently by the Savior himself, and he exemplified that glorious principle of which I wish to say a few words, and which has been

renewed and emphasized more especially in these latterdays through Joseph Smith—I refer to our identity, our indestructible,

immortal identity. As in Christ we have the example, he was

born of woman, he lived, he died, and he lived again in his own person and being, bearing even the marks of the wounds in his also a testimonyflesh, after his resurrection from the dead,—so

has been given to you, in latterdays through the Prophet Joseph

Smith and others who have been blest with knowledge, that the same individual being still lives and will always live. Jesus is possessed of immortality, and eternal life; and in evidence of his

existence and his immortality, and in evidence of the great and glorious truths of the gospel which he taught, the death which he died, and the resurrection that he wrought from the dead, he has revealed himself and borne his own record and testimony to those who have lived and still live in this day and age. What a glorious thought it is, to me at least, and it must be to all who have

conceived of the truth or received it in their hearts, that those from whom we have to part here, we will meet again and see as they are. We will meet the same identical being that we associated with here in the flesh—not some other soul, some other

being, or the same being in some other form, but the same identity and the same form and likeness, the same person we knew and were associated with in our mortal existence,even to the wounds in the flesh. Not that a person wiil always be marred by scars,

wounds, deformities, defects or infirmities, for these will be removed in their course, in their proper time, according to the merciful providence of God. Deformity will be removed; defects

will be eliminated, and men and women shall attain to the perfection of their spirits, to the perfection that God designed in the beginning. It is his purpose that men and women,

his children, born to become heirs of God, and joint heirs with

Jesus Christ, shall be made perfect, physically as well as spiritually, through obedience to the law by which he has provided the

OUR INDESTRUCTIBLE, IMMORTAL IDENTITY. 593

means that perfection shall come to all his children. Therefore, I

look for the time when our dear Brother William C. Staines, whom

we all knew so well, and with whom we were familiar for years—

I was familia with him all my life, just as I was familiar with

Aunt Rachel here all my life, and do not remember the time when

I look for the time, I say, when BrotherI did not know her—

Staines will be restored. He will not remain the crippled and deformed William C. Staines that we knew, but he will be restored

limb, every joint, every part of histo his perfect frame—every

physical being will be restored to its perfect frame. This is the

law and the word of God to us, as it is contained in the revelations that have come to us, through the Prophet Joseph Smith.

The point in my mind which I desire to speak of particularly is this: When we shall have the privilege to meet our mother, our

aunt, our sister, this noble woman whose mortal remains lie here now, but whose immortal spirit has ascended to God from whence it came, when that spirit shall return to take up this tabernacle again, she will be Aunt Rachel in her perfection. She will not

always remain just as she will appear when she is restored again to life, but she will go on to perfection. Under that law of restoration that God has provided, she will regain her perfection, the

perfection of her youth, the perfection of her glory and of her being, until her resurrected body shall assume the exact stature of the spirit that possessed it here in its perfection, and thus we shall see the glorified, redeemed, exalted, perfected Aunt Rachel, mother, sister, saint and daughter of the living God, her identity being unchanged, as a child may grow to manhood or womanhood and still be the same being.

I want to say to my friends, my brethren and sisters, and to the kindred, that the Lord Almighty has revealed these truths to us in these days. We not only have it in the written word, we

have it in the testimony of the Spirit of God in the heart of every soul who has drunk from the fountain of truth and light, and that witness bears record of these words to us. What else would satisfy us? What else would satisfy the desire of the immortal soul?

Would we be satisfied to be imperfect? Would we be satisfied to

be decrepit? Would we be satisfied to remain for ever and ever

in the form of infirmity incident to age? No! Would we be satis594 IMPR0VEMEN7 ERA.

fied to see the children we bury in their infancy remain as children only, throughout the countless ages of eternity? No! Neither

would the spirit that did possess the tabernacles of our children be satisfied to remain in that condition. But we know our child

will not be compelled to remain a child in stature always, for it was revealed from God, the fountain of truth, through Joseph

Smith the prophet, in this dispensation, that in the resurrection of the dead the child that was buried in its infancy will come up in the form of the child that it was when it was laid down, then it will begin to develop. From the day of the resurrection, the

body will develop until it reaches the full measure of the stature of its spirit, whether it be male or female. If the spirit possessed the intelligence of God and the aspirations of mortal souls,

it could not be satisfied with anything less than this. You will

remember we are told that the spirit of Jesus Christ visited one of the ancient prophets and revealed himself to him, and he declared his identity, that he was the same Son of God that was to come in the meridian of time. He said he would appear in the

flesh just as he appeared to that prophet. He was not an infant;

He was a grown, developed spirit; possessing the form of man and

the form of God, the same form as when he came and took upon him a tabernacle and developed it to the full stature of his spirit.

These are truths that have been revealed to us. What for? To

give us intelligent hope; to give us intelligent aspiration; to lead

us to think, to hope, to labor and accomplish what God has aimed and does aim and design that we should accomplish, not only in this life, but in the life to come.

I rejoice exceedingly that I know and have known nearly all my life such a noble woman. I do not remember the first time

that I saw Aunt Rachel, I can't recall it; it seems to me I always

knew her, just as I knew my mother in my childhood and all the way through life; and I rejoice exceedingly in this testimony of

the Spirit of the Lord that has come to us through revelation in the latter days. Through this testimony I am confident that I

shall see Aunt Rachel by and by; and when I go—and I expect to

I exgo, perhaps, long before she shall recover this tabernacle—

pect to meet her there. I expect to meet the same individual that

I knew here. I expect to be able to recognize her just as I could

OUR INDESTRUCTIBLE, IMMORTAL IDENTITY. 595

recognize her tomorrow, if she were living. I believe [ will know

just exactly whom she is and what she is, and I will remember all

I knew about her; and enjoy her association in the spirit as I did

in the flesh; because her identity is fixed and indestructible, just

as fixed and indestructible as the identity of God the Father and

Jesus Christ the Son. They cannot be any other than themselves.

They cannot be changed; they are from everlasting to everlasting,

eternally the same; so it will be with us. We will progress and

develop and grow in wisdom and understanding, but our identity can never change. We did not spring from spawn. Our spirits

were from the beginning, have existed always, and will continue forever. We did not pass through the ordeals of embodiment in

the lesser animals in order to reach the perfection to which we have attained in manhood and womanhood, in the image and likeness of God. God was and is our Father, and his children were

begotten in the flesh in his own image and likeness, male and female. There may have been times when they did not possess

the same intelligence that they possessed at other times. There

are periods in the history of the world when men have dwindled into ignorance and barbarism, and then there were other times when they have grown in intelligence, developed in understanding, enlarged in spirit and comprehension, approaching nearer to the condition and likeness of their Father and God, and then losing faith, losing the love of God, losing the light of the Spirit and returning again to semibarbarism. Then again, they have been restored, by the power and operation of the Spirit of the Lord upon

their mind, until they again reached a degree of intelligence. We

have reached a degree of intelligence in our dispensation. Will

this same degree of intelligence, that now exists throughout the world, continue to exist? Yes, if the world continue to abide in

the light that has been shed abroad in the world by the Father of light, with whom there is no variableness nor shadow of turning.

But let them deny God, let them deny truth, let them depart from righteousness, let them begin again to wallow in wickedness and transgression of the laws of God, and what will be the result?

They will degenerate; they will again recede possibly into absolute

barbarism, unless they repent, and the power of God be again restored to them and they be again lifted up by that light which 596 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

shines and is never dim, except to men who shut their hearts and eyes and ears against it and will not receive it.

I did not expect to enter into any lengthy discourse. I thank

God for my relationship and acquaintance with this noble, good mother. I expect to be associated with her throughout all the

ages to come, if I can be as faithful as she has been. I desire to

faithbe, and that isn't all—with the help of God, / intend to be

ful, as she has been faithful, that in the end I may be worthy to dwell where she will dwell, with the Prophet Joseph Smith, with her husband with whom she was associated here in the flesh, with her son and her children, from generation to generation. I

expect to be associated with them in the mansions that are prepared for the righteous, where God and Christ are, where those shall be who believe in his name, who receive his work and abide in his law. Oh! that I could be instrumental in the hands of the

Lord in bringing every loved soul unto him, for there are souls that are still lacking, whom I luve, and if it were possible, how I would love to be instrumental in the hand of the Lord in bringing those loved souls to a knowledge of this truth, that they might receive of its glory, benefits and blessings in this life and in the life to come. From my childhood, I have always tried to be a

savior on Mount Zion, a savior among men. I have that desire in

my heart. I may not have been very successful in my ambition

to accomplish this work, but I have desired it, and I still desire that I may be instrumental in helping to spread this truth to the earth's remotest bounds and the testimony of it to the children of men in every land. I know it is true. It appeals to my judgment, to my desires; and to the aspirations of my soul. I want

my family, I want those the Lord has given to me; I want them

now; I want them forever! I want to be associated with them

forever. I do not want them to change their identity. I do not

want them to be somebody else. This idea of theosophy, that is

gaining ground even among socalled Christians, in these latter days, is a fallacy of the deepest kind. It is absolutely repugnant

to the very soul of mm to think that a civilized, intelligent being might become a dog, a cow, a cat; that he might be transformed

into another shape, anuther kind of being. It is absolutely repulsive, and so opposed to the great truth of God, that has been reRACHEL RIDGEWAY GRANT

Born, March 7, 1821; Died, January 27, 1909.

"I grieve'that I cannot hear: but while I cannot hear the good things that are

said, my peace is not marred by the evil that is spoken."—A sentiment expressed by

Sister Grant, and treasured by Lydia D. Alder.

598 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

vealed from the beginning, that he is from the beginning always the same, that he cannot change, and that his children cannot change. They may change from worse to better; they may change

from evil to good, from unrighteousness to righteousness, from humanity to immortality, from death to life everlasting. They

may progress in the manner in which God has progressed; they

may grow and advance, but their identity can never be changed, prinworlds without end—remember that. God has revealed these

ciples, and I know they are true. They assert their truth upon

the intelligent mind and soul of man. They embrace or embody

that which the Lord has planted in our hearts and souls to desire, and give it unto us. They put us in the way of receiving that

which we most desire and most love, that which is most necessary and essential to our happiness and exaltation. They take of the

things of God and give them to us, and they prepare us for the future, for exaltation and for eternal happiness, a reward which all the souls in the world desire, if they are correct in their lives and thoughts. It is only the vicious and the truly wicked who do

not desire purity; they do not love purity and truth. I do not

know whether it is possible for any soul to become so debased as to lose all regard for that which is pure and chaste, good and true and godlike. I believe that there still lingers in the heart of the

most vicious and wicked, at times at least, a spark of that divinity that has been planted in the souls of all the sons of God. Men

may become so corrupt that they do not have more than mere glimpses of that divine inspiration that strives to lead them toward and to love good; but I do not believe there is a soul in the

world that has absolutely lost all conception and admiration of that which is good and pure, when he sees it. It is hard to believe that a human being may become so depraved that he has lost

all desire that he might also be good and pure, if it were possible;

but many people have abandoned themselves to evil and have come to the conclusion that there is no chance for them. While there

is life there is hope, and while there is repentance there is a chance for forgiveness; and if there is forgiveness, there is a

chance for growth and development until we acquire the full knowledge of those principles that will exalt acd save us and prepare us to enter into the presence of God the Father, who is the

OUR INDESTRUCTIBLE, IMMORTAL IDENTITY. 599

Father of our spirits, and who i? the Father, in the flesh, of his

only begotten Son, Jesus Christ, who joined divine immortality with the mortal, welded the link between God and man, and made it possible for mortal souls, on whom the sentence of death had been placed, to acquire eternal life, through obedience to his laws.

Let us, therefore, seek for the truth and walk in the light as

Christ is in the light, that we may have fellowship with him, and with each other, that his blood may cleanse us from all sin.

May the Lord comfort my Brother Heber, and I know he will.

Brother Heber does not feel that there is any death here. I don't

think I could weep for sorrow. I could give way to tears just

now, but they would not be tears of sorrow, of mourning or of grief, for this good soul. They would only express the love I have

for her; they would only indicate my feelings toward her, for

the noble and pure example she set before me and all who have known her. I could weep for joy in the knowledge that I possess

that she, in her spirit life and being, is and will be associated with all those who have been endeared to her by the persecutions, the experiences and the trials through which she has had to pass in this world. With them she is rejoicing today, as one born out of

death into life everlasting. She is not dead; she lives! What

greater proof do you want of that fact than to see her lifeless form? Where is she? This is her casket. This is her mortal

tenement; this is but the clay that enveloped the immortal, living

Aunt Rachel, the living spirit. The spirit has fled. Her spirit, the

immortal part, has departed from this tabernacle; hence, this

tabernacle lies here lifeless and ready to return to mother earth from.whence it came, but to be restored again, every element to

be recalled and reformed in its perfect frame, when Aunt Rachel will come and take possession of it and inherit it forever, just as

Christ came and took up his body that was not suffered to see corruption, and inherited it in its immortal state, never to be separated again; so it will be with her.

God bless you, my brethren and sisters. May he help us to

be faithful to the light of truth and walk uprightly in it, is my prayer in the name of Jesus. Amen.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

NAUVOO TODAY.

BY PROFESSOR JOHN ZIMMERMAN BROWN, OF THE UNIVERSITY OF

UTAH.

II.

Among the Utah friends who had come up the river from

Keokuk were B. W. Driggs of Pleasant Grove, and F. W. Cox of

Manti. These men were once boys in Nauvoo being about ten

Mulholland Street, Looking East. Nauvoo, 111.

years of age at the time of the expulsion. Although sixty years

had elapsed since that time, they exhibited a remarkable familiarity with the scenes and events of their boyhood days.

The Cox family once lived in the Morley settlement near

Lima, twentyfive miles south of Nauvoo, in Adams county. In the

NAUVOO TODAY. 601

fall of 1845, the inhabitants were burned out by a mob a\id compelled to move into Nauvoo for safety.

Our Illinois friends at the hotel listened with the keenest interest to Brother Cox as he related the circumstances connected with those events.

One night just after his father's crops had all been gathered and great stacks of grain were ready for threshing, the house was surrounded by a mob and the family ordered out. At

that time Brother Cox was a boy of nine; he was ill with ague,

and could not walk far. He therefore took a little mat to lie on,

placed it on the opposite side of the road, and from this position he saw the invaders set fire to everything his father owned,

At this same hotel we found an elaborate collection of '"Mormon"relics, including books, papers, maps, public documents, fragments of temple stone, and cannon balls. Most interesting

among the papers was one of the original copies of the Nauvoo Expositor, a small eightpage anti-"Mormon"journal published June 7, 1844.

The proprietors were Mulholland St., Looking West,

William Law, Wilson Law, Nauvoo, 111.

Charles Ivins, Francis M.

Higbee, Chauncy M. Higbee, Robert D. Foster and Charles A.

Foster. Sylvester Emmons was editor. The paper was to be

issued on Friday of each week. The complications resulting from

the destruction of this press by the Nauvoo city council culminated in the martyrdom at Carthage just twenty days after the first and only issue of this paper. The copy we examined is kept in a large

picture frame with double glass so arranged that it can be read on both sides.

The first point of interest we visited next morning was the building on Mulholland Street in which this paper was printed. It

602 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

is a brick structure fifteen by thirty feet with a lumber addition along one side. It has been used for a store but at the present

time is unoccupied. Brother Driggs related here the circumstances

surrounding the destruction of this press, and told how he and other little boys filled their pockets with pieces of type that were thrown into the street by the city officers.

A little farther east, he located the site of Lathorp's store and then related the following thrilling incident:

As a little boy he had come to this store on an errand; and, on his way out he

saw two men on horses riding into Nauvoo at breakneck speed. They dashed

up to the store, purchased some alcohol and quickly forced it down the throats of their lathercovered animals, hoping, no doubt, to

Where David Candland Taught School, revive them.

Nauvoo, 111. These men were Porter

Rockwell and Sheriff Jacob B. Backenstos of Hancock county, who had just made their escape

from an excited mob.

According to the story, Porter Rockwell and John Redden were engaged that morning in moving families from the outlying burnt districts into Nauvoo. Suddenly the sheriff rushed toward

them at frightful speed demanding, in the name of the state, protection from an infuriated mob that was pursuing him. As the

mob approached he ordered the men to fire; Rockwell did so and

the leader fell dead from his horse. The man who was killed was

Franklin A. Worrell, a constable, who was officer of the guard at

Carthage jail the year before when Joseph and Hyrum Smith were killed.

Brother Driggs also located the Hatch property and the former homes of Nymphus Murdock and Zebedee Coltrin, as well

NAUVOO TODAY. 603

as the house where, with the Hatch and Murdock boys, he and others had attended school, their teacher being David Candland.

For the purpose of visiting the old farms of Lewis Robison

Lewis Robison's Farm Daniel H. Wells'Farm Opposite, Nauvoo, 111.

and Daniel H. Wells we next drove down into Parley Street, and

followed it out into the well known Carthage road across Casper

Hollow.

A few miles farther out on a hill in a grove of pines to the

'Mormon"Cemetery, Nauvoo, 111.

coi IMPROVEMENT ERA.

west, we saw the old "Mormon"cemetry; but many of the graves

are obliterated now, and the ground is overgrown with hickory, wild cherry, oak and underbrush. Many of the grave stones have

fallen, and a few have been carried away. But some are well pre.

served and their inscriptions are as distinct as they were when they were first chiselled.

I copied a few of them:

John Standing

Abraham, Son of W. and S. Mendenhall. Died Aug. 27, 1844.

Nancy, Consort of Joseph Holbrook, Died July 16, 1842.

Ann, Wife of Joseph Picketts, Died March 25, 1844, Age 60

YEARS.

This cemetery covers about three acres of ground and is enclosed by a wire fence that was built a few years ago by the "ReHome of Uriel Drigg3, now owned by William Clark, Nauvoo, 111.

People from left to right, Mrs. W. Clark, her Daughter and Wm. Clark of Nauvoo;

B. W. Driggs, Howard R. Driggs and F. W. Cox, from Utah.

NAUVOO TODAY. 605

organized Church."It was abandoned after the Saints left Illinois,

and is not used by the present inhabitants f Nauvoo.

On our return, as we drove from Parley into Warsaw Street, we visited the old home of Brother Driggs's grandfather. The

ti JSSM, "iM*f Sp?U WitKfBn

rmmzr*-*''T 1. "f"* I!- <2i ifc- **;?'*?* fj *f]fc HfeMf* '"",—-—-rzi-

rvfeHO 5 |ri|tt|flttM—MMmm Jm

In Nauvoo—where Shadrach F. Driggs built Wagons for Crossing the Plains.

Nauvoo—Home of Wilson Law, Young Street.

GO*! IMPROVEMENT ERA.

house as the accompanying cut shows, is a small frame structure and has undergone hut few changes. The handhewn timbers and

cross beams are features of the two small up stairs rooms.

The property is now owned by a Mr.Wm. Clark who received

us kindly and manifested deep interest in the affairs of the "Mormon"people. He said his father, Francis Clark, was converted to

"Mormonism"in Lancashire, England, and came to Nauvoo in 1841.

He was an expert stone cutter, and was a foreman on the Nauvoo

Temple. Among those in his father's employment he named Miles

Romney [father of Bishop Geo. Romney of the Twentieth ward].

Francis Clark did not come west with the Saints but remained in Illinois. William Clark has lived in Nauvoo since 1841, and for

many years his home was on Parley Street.

The latter Clark property consists of a house and three acres of land, and lies in the Hibbard addition. It has been transferred

as follows: Hibbard to Uriel Driggs; Uriel Driggs to McCofferty;

McCofferty to William Clark. The last transfer took place in 1867,

the price being $150. The property fronts on Kimball Street,

which, by the way, was never opened all the way through to the east. Just opposite on the east side of Warsaw Street, Mr. Clark

drew our attention to a small brick house, telling us that it was at one time the home of John D. Lee.

Farther north, at the corner of Warsaw and Ripley Streets,

Brother Driggs also located the site of his former Nauvoo homeBut the lot is now vacant, being used as a garden. On this spot

his father, Shadrack F. Driggs, kept a wagon shop. Just across

Warsaw Street to the west and a little farther south, Martin H.

Peck kept a blacksmith shop. Many of the wagons used by the

Saints in crossing the plains were built by Shadrack F. Driggs and

,- roned by Martin H. Peck. During the winter of 1846 there was

.-uch a demand for wagons that Father Driggs took in help. They

used up all the seasoned timber he had on hand; and, when it came

to making his own wagon, there was nothing but green timber left.

He was not handicapped, however, for Reynolds Cahoon, one of the Temple building committee, told him he could have the wheels of the big cart that had been used in moving the large building stone around the Temple grounds.

From the spokes of these two big wheels, he made enough

NAUVOO TODAY. 607

spokes for two wagons, one for himself and one for his brother

Lorenzo.

We continued northward across Mulholland Street, passing the site of the old Public Green, where Governor Thomas Ford paraded his troops at the time of the martyrdom. A little farther

to the southeast is the site of the "Mormon"intrenchments, thrown up during the Nauvoo battle in 1846.

Proceeding west on Young Street, we passed the homes of

Parley P. Pratt's Home, Corner Young and Wells Streets, Nauvoo.

Wilson Law and Howard Coray. At the corner of Young and

Wells Streets, we stopped a few minutes before the Parley P. Pratt

property.

The Pratt home was torn down about a year ago and a modern structure has been built on the foundation. The place is owned

by the Catholic church.

The "Mormon"arsenal on Wells Street, where the Nauvoo

Legion kept their arms, is now part of the dormitory of the St.

Mary's academy. It is a small structure built of temple stone.

Salt Lake City, Utah, [to be continued.]

PRAYER AND PURPOSE.

BY W. I. GRAY.

When a child, and under the care of a pious grandparent who like the prophetprince Daniel devoted herself thrice each day to earnest, faithful prayer, I used often to tiptoe to her chamber door to listen, for I had learned to know that in every one of these prayers she would ask the Lord to watch over her little grandson and lead him in the right way.

When I was thirteen years of age, this good lady passed to her rest, and one year later, I went out upon the high seas to earn my bread as cabinboy in a New England whaler.

Twelve years of seagoing brought me in contact with many people of various tongues and races. Twenty years more of roving about in many parts of the world have afforded me familiarity

with many modes and customs of diverse humanity.

Many are the forms of religious persuasion brought to my observation; many the theories to which I have listened. Of some

Christian sects and theologies I have made careful study; sometimes with earnest desire to know the truth; sometimes but seeking to clearly discern the halfevident fallacy of their claims. Is

it to be wondered at if I had grown to the belief that, after all, religion is but an uncertain mixture of sentiment and theory;

that no one persuasion could prove out higher than another: that

an ethical life was man's best. The law of moral philosophy

seemed the only guide to acceptable manhood, and one's opinion looked as good as another's.

When doubling the "Horn,"passing over the briny graves of three of my kinsmen long since sunk to rest in those heaving fathoms, I wondered why I had ever come to such a remote and cheerless quarter.

Drifting into the harbor of Honolulu, with every nerve racked with the slowtorturing scurvy, I could not imagine what mad

PRAYER AND PURPOSE. 609

caprice had led me to such a welcomeless shore. Once more

upon the Pacific shore of my native land, I thought only of seeing my dear old "Bay State"again.

I pressed Over the Sierras and out on the desert—eagerly

on until, on a beautiful Sabbath morning, as I lounged upon a pallet of hay in a little campshack, on the bank of the serpentine

Humboldt, trying to devise some way of shortening that protracted day, I felt a hard, unyielding something beneath my body, and thrusting my hand under the matted hay, drew out a little old volume, on the binding of which I could barely decipher the words, "Voice of Warning."

"I 've had quite a lot of warnings in my time,"I thought, "one more will not scare me."

Anything is good enough to read on the desert where literature is about as scarce as fresh violets. Of course, I read that

I reflected.little book—clear through—then

Next morning I rose with a new idea of curiosity. I wanted

to see the "Mormons."I soon covered the distance between the

Humboldt and the Weber, and found a settlement of these peculiar people cuddled down in a canyon of the rugged Wasatch, and then for forty days I studied the old lessons, but all new now.

Then for the first time in my varied life, I saw a pure and undefined religion. There I learned of the true personality of my God;

saw the returning light of the prophecies; heard the echo of the

hopeful Psalmist. The veil of unbelief and disregard was torn

away, and a clear, comprehensive view of things foretold and promised was opened up before me. The prayer of that trustful

heart was answered; I had been led in "the right way."

What though death did close those watching eyes? They will

open again to such a realizing joy as only the redeemed of God can know.

That little, old, worn volume? No, I did not keep it treasured up, I tucked it back under the hay where I found it, and I

pray that some other wayfarer, yes, many others, may have found it to their soul's profit. May its author ever enjoy a rich reward

at the hand of Him who never fails to answer unwavering prayer, is my petition.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

r

COME INTO HIS FOLD.

ANTHEM.

Words Arranged by Music by Edward H. Anderson. William C. Clive.

Not too fast, Moderato M. J—32

/I It 4-4-—*-—*—F-J—#f——-—=

Praise the Lord, praise the Lord,come in - to the fold of

I* ft -0- M

* {* * **? 4 V——Ff—r B—

,4=A- P S—H * # -—h—I—*—.-F* S—>

V v 9 * * $ V $ r V $ God,and so be called his peo - ple.Sing his praise in the faith,and re-

-P-P- f2 d w -M p |L v v v W—1ii=

-0*-:tfc* -4—i-

=ttt i—'i—V V—

pent with a de sire to do his will. Let the

-P- i—-P—P—P- -—

-p w—w- i =:

to do his will.

Copyright, 1909, by W. C. Chve.

t J

COME INTO HIS FOLD. 611

though; s be in the heart to help to bear one an - oth - er's

t-rt t t f—rr—EE=g=3

i 1 1—\—m 1 1—b"=—n #J———'* fcP7 1—'i——i m—J-0- |-V—#-a|

I 1 1 i m—1 IS> -n—- rL- m—

, #—ftJi J1——c*—*-#-W—-=3:—*—S—-d——1

bur dens that they may be light, ani to comfort

* r -I- -i—F- 1 -EEEb=bz=c: -fcMr t=f f

-J 1 1. rr-l- PV—is

1 -—P> 1 ri-t-. m S - oi hd =—g———* fi -7—Yf-: *—H*

I '/ those who mourn. Be - hold this is the way to

-# la- m

,N JN #=- N K /-f=M- j—0—0 -J- * * * Prh 1

praise his name, Be washed in the wave and feel theSpirit's power.

#-*- I - -0- -0- -f- -*—0—*- -0—W- E-*-*-h 0--P-1

J

( 12 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Come, be numbered with the fold that ye may gain e-ternal life.

A

lst&2nd Sop. Adagio

B=rte—*—y- They are blessed who comfort those who stand in need,and who are

See 1

I J i:q-*=ti.

pp -#- 4 * 4 * 3t 75- -% gf LHI t H

In ev 'ry place and

--r-4—4\—4- -=-z? ===i '*. i b>—y—

witnesses for God, in ev 'ry place and time, amen, even

Alto or tenor --N——N- -A—(V

JB-f-t--. "*-in

==1—=p =1 V

-!=- 1 -#- -+-*--+:-- -#—i- -&

K -?A 1 t h i

COME INTO HIS FOLD 613

Soprano and alto.

til death. &- i=P5=pH—-—?—=flfc*

til death, yea until death, They are His redeemed and

His re-

i

Tenor and bass.

fll 1 3 1fcz ** * f J:==Fi -—F- -z—:!i-cn e

V 2nd - -at- -*- they shall have e ter nal life. ter - nal life.

deemed -0- -0- -- -0- # |

-b 1—PfeEp

lst V 2nd -zf. - h-gj—*0 * - - V 1r>——gpI Hrft. 'ffj

=?= ffi*y t -t=*= =Be a

-27fct -—*-

I g JI

614 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

. 1—X: q=?—*

Praise the Lord, praise the Lord,come in - to. the fold of

r-r f=E =r: 3e= I

p\ I 'n'J mT m dJ K * * / riii - p p p p -—'—--#——#

* y v d + $ $ $ / God,and so be called his peo - ple.Sing his praise in the faith,and re-

1 *- m m *- -*- i -?.—J L( 1 F P I—fff Pf?—F—p -h-w—L—P = t=F V

i b b 1/

to do his will.

1 n s S—-A1 mJ"3—J5tH -fah 1*!——4 *—a* *"1—rJS1 1 I

-g- g \-0-—l-Sf—[-0—ga|—i—SH

thoughts be in the heart to help to bear one an - oth - er*!

t*-:P=p: t& P=R=-=fe COME INTO HIS FOLD 615

iJ.-vfl J pii i I* J"J J#=J7T3f 1

bur dens that they may be light, an I to comfort rf D5H 4- -P>- -y-t-?EEEE

-fc=r-| 1 r r 4: s N

-z- 16s > r. / those who mourn. Be - hold this is the way to

-- of.&-! m *=*

JS,N fc—P NMV*j=t i

XX praise his name, Be washed in the wave and feel theSpirit's power.

H -0-I mP- -0- s—Ifc:tj.t-I Tv I—%—5- -0-

F *:r=ES v b u y '

?=*=t

I \J IPip Come, be numbered with the fold that ye may gain eternal life.

:gt> f: P-P—PP-

J L l L mi Ip

616 IMPROVEMENT ERA

i==t- praisethe Lord, men, a men, a men, a

1 1 1 P a p—Q a r r rP > m m d—F—r—p p p mmiJ—p—r i—P l?\7 m i F 1—P Pr—P P I—p

men, a - men, praise the Lord, a - men. Sing praises to the

-p- -- +-*- --f - --M- f- 1* * * * mp 1 i 1 (CJ(m\'i i*r PrFi* 1F m p # r p r i yE i -?-—M—y * yp—j—U E Tj J P-P-*

rit. \ * r fr b 5 f—rl LTi r P W eft*

Lord, Sing praises to his name, a - men, a men.

2- -iC- - &L- E i

ADVICE.

Go fight the world, my lad, yet know

You should remember this:

It will return you blow for blow

And kiss for kiss. Success.

TYPICALyrURKISH SCENES.

BY JOSEPH 0. PHELPS, OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS MISSION

IN TURKEY.

If the people of Europe and America could see the things that have grown commonplace to us, they would consider it quite

From a drawing by Joseph O. Phelps.

Soldiers "Guarding"a Police Station.

a unique experience, but inasmuch as they cannot all come here and see them, they can at least read and hear about the curiosities of this world, though perhaps in a more or less conglomerated way. It will not be long before the antiquities of this country

will be no more, as the signs of civilization are in evidence every018 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

where. The old Arab with his caravan of camels transporting goods

across the country is being replaced by the more modern modes of transportation, as are many of the once noted curiosities of the Orient.

And since the establishment of the new regime in the governmental affairs, great strides are being made, and things and conditions are being rapidly changed. But

while they yet remain let us take a look into a typical Turkish town and see if there is anything to interest the stranger.

Those "Weary Willies"over there are supposed to Drawn by Joseph O. Phelps.

be regarded in the light of "His Pension"—a sketch from life. soldiers, they are guarding (?)

Drawn by Joseph O. Phelps.

Coppersmiths.

TYPICAL TURKISH SCENES. G19

a police station. Inside the station are some old blankets, two or

three copper buckets, and a bundle of old clothes. If the soldiers

were not there, the old clothes would perhaps walk off. In this

country soldiery is compulsory for all able bodied Mohammedan men and boys, they serve different lenghts of time, and if they don't get killed in battle or die of some plague or disease while on duty (as is often the case), they come home after serving their country, and, not finding any work, many go to begging for a living.

One may find hundreds of beggars in a small city, many of them wearing their old soldier coats, signs of their former occupation. While

serving in times of peace they get about $1.25 per

month and board, and the board is pretty knotty too, consisting mainly of ricesoup and bread.

A thing that.greatly impresses the stranger here is

the markets or bazars, and Drawn by Joseph O. Phelps.

the old adage, "Birds of a Street in a City, Turkey.

feather flock together,"is brought to memory in seeing the different tradesmen crowd to themselves. The gold and silver smiths are all to be found in one mahalle, or district, as are coppersmiths, shoemakers, tailors, woodturners, basketmakers, blacksmiths, and in fact nearly any and all

trades that are practiced in this country. The workmen go at

their work somewhat crudely, in the eyes of one accustomed to seeing modern methods employed in manufacture. For instance,

the woodturner turns his work with a sort of bow, the string of which is wrapped around the wood, and by a foreward and back620 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ward motion, he holds his chisel with one hand and feet and cuts away. Hut they become experts at this work, and do it with as

much ease as a turner would with a modern lathe.

Aintab, Turkey.

CHOOSE THOU FOR ME.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Teach me the way of life, dear Lord,

And make me strong for what will be;

That I may live by every word,

Choose thou for meThough dark the lonely way and drear,

My groping path I dimly see;

That I may walk in thy great fear,

Choose thou for me.

And when my recreant heart would lead

My willing feet away from thee,

And e'en though sorrow be my need,

Choose thou for me.

Help me, great Sire, to be thy son,

And do thy will whate'er it be,

That thou at last may say "well done,"

Choose thou for me.

Brigham S. Young.

Raymond, Canada.

THE "THREE NEPHITES."

DID ONE OF COLUMBUS'SAILORS SEE THEM?

BY E. D. PARTRIDGE, OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

Members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints are always on the lookout for evidences of the Divine origin of the

Book of Mormon. This interest led me to mark many passages in

Irving's Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus, some of which seem to be worthy of more than a mere passing notice.

Columbus, though steeped in the superstitions of his day, was a very humble man. Often, while sailing abroad, he would

spend a whole night in prayer and supplication. He felt that he

was doing God's will in making these voyages of discovery; and no

doubt, it was this feeling which caused him to say to his officers and men, when implored to return, and even threatened with death, "Sail on—sail on!"Irving says—*(Page 17) "He attributed his early and irresistible inclination for the sea, and his passion for geographical studies, to an impulse from Deity, preparing

him for the high decrees he was chosen to accomplish."And

when he came before the king of Spain asking for royal and financial support,"he unfolded his plan with eloquence and zeal; for

he felt himself, as he afterwards declared, kindled as with a fire from on high, and considered himself the chosen agent by heaven to accomplish its grand designs"(page 64). This is very significant when compared with the following: "And I looked and beheld

a man among the Gentiles who was separated from the seed of

* All quotations from Irving in this article will be from the works of

Washington Irving, vol. 6. The Life and Voyages of Christopher Columbus,

published in New York by Peter Fenelon Collier, 1897.

622 IMPROVEMENT. ERA.

my brethren by the many waters; and I beheld the Spirit of God

that it came down and wrought upon the man, and he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the seed of my brethren who were in the promised land"(I Nephi 13: 12).

By far the most interesting paragraph in the whole volume is found beginning on page 329, which I will give after quoting a few passages from the Book of Mormon. I have always been

deeply interested in the account of the "Three Nephites,"and have often wondered if there were not on record somewhere an account of their having been seen by someone outside of the Church. I

am almost convinced that Irving has made just such a record.

Turning now to III Nephi, 28th chapter, we read:

And it came to pass when Jesus had said these words, he spake unto his disciples, one by one, saying unto them, What is it that ye desire of me, after that

I am gone to the Father?

And they all spake, save it were three, We desire that after we have lived unto the age of man, that our ministry, wherein thou hast called us, may have an end, that we may speedily come unto thee in thy kingdom.

And he said unto them, Blessed are ye because ye desired this thing of me:

therefore after ye are seventy and two years old, ye shall come unto me in my kingdom, and with me ye shall find rest.

And when he had spoken unto them, he turned himself unto the three, and said unto them, What will ye that I should do unto you, when I am gone unto the

Father?

And they sorrowed in their hearts, for they durst not speak unto him the thing which they desired.

And he said unto them, Behold, I know your thoughts, and ye have desired the thing which John, my beloved, who was with me in my ministry before that I was lifted up by the Jews, desired of me.

Therefore more blessed are ye, for ye shall never taste of death, but ye shall live to behold all the doings of the Father unto the children of men, even until all things shall be fulfilled according to the will of the Father, when I shall come again in my glory with the powers of heaven.

* * * For ye have desired that ye might bring souls unto me while the world shall stand.

I was about to write the names of those who were never to taste of******Behold death; but the Lord forbade; therefore I write them not, for they are hidden

from the world.

But behold I have seen them, and they have ministered unto me,

And behold they will be among the Gentiles, and the Gentiles knoweth them not.

''THE 'THREE NEPHITES. 623

The "Three Disciples"are mentioned in several other places by Mormon, and Moroni says, (Mormon 8: 10, 11) that he saw

them, and they ministered unto him. Here we have evidence

that they livd and labored among the people several hundred years after the great promise was made to them; and we believe

they are still living and performing the mission given them by

Jesus Christ.

I will now give the above mentioned paragraph from Irving.

It is in the account of Columbus'second voyage of discovery to America. He was cruising along the coast of Cuba,

when one day he anchored near a beautiful palm grove

Here a party was sent on shore for wood and water; and they found two living springs in the midst of the grove. While they were employed in cutting wood

and filling their water casks, an archer strayed into the forest with his crossbow in search of game, but seon returned, flying with great terror, and calling loudly upon his companions for aid. He declared that he had not proceeded far, when

he suddenly espied through an opening glade, a man in a long white dress so like a friar of the order of St. Mary of mercy, that at first sight he took him for the

chaplain of the admiral. Twe others followed in white tunics reaching to their

knees, and the three ivere of asfair complexions as Europeans. Behind these appeared

many more, to the number of thirty, armed with clubs and lances. They made no

signs of hostility, but remained quiet, the man in the long white dress alone advancing to accost him. But he was so alarmed by their number that he had

fled instantly to seek the aid of his companions. The latter, however, were so

daunted by the reported number of armed natives, that they had not courage to seek them nor await their coming, but hurried with all speed to the ships.

It is stated that Columbus sent two different expeditions in search of the three white men and their followers, but both returned unsuccessful. Irving apologizes for the appearance of this

item in his record, and states that, since no tribe of Indians was ever discovered in Cuba who wore clothing, the matter probably arose in either error or falsehood.

No apology is needed, however, by the Latterday Saints.

The account given by the archer portrays conditions just as they would naturally be with the "Three Disciples."They lived among

the people when the vision recorded in 1st Nephi was taught.

They were, of course, looking forward to its fulfilment. They

were to bring souls to Christ till he should come again, and had probably been busy gathering bands of followers all over the coun-

G24 IMPROVEMENT ERA

try. They, of course, taught their followers to wear clothing and

to live as much of the gospel as they could. They naturally would

have to arm themselves against their savage neighbors.

Columbus and his sailors were looked upon by the natives as visitors from heaven, and their appearance among them was heralded all over the country. Their movements were watched closely

from the shores, since whenever they landed they found themselves not unexpected. It does not take much imagination to see the

"disciples''and one of their bands following the movements of the ships from the trees or mountains, awaiting a favorable opportunity to make themselves known. In fact, there is nothing in the

report of the archer which is in the least at variance with what might be expected from our knowledge of the Book of Mormon.

As I said before, I am almost convinced that this is the record I have been looking for.

Provo, Utah.

CHARACTER

BY I. W. FLETCHER.

Character is not built up in a moment, but constant effort is necessary. Act upon act make it. It is the continued dropping

of the water that wears away the stone. So it is the constant acquiring of Divine truth, and the continued application thereof, that

form character.

We must ever look to a Divine source for the necessary material to perfect such a character.

The true basis of the attainment is the principle of ever becoming.

By exercising the divinity within us we never grow old

Olympian bards who sung divine ideas below,

Forever find them young, and always kept them so.

As one breathes pure air to avoid dullness and lethargy, so the

Saints should breathe the spirit of the gospel of our blessed Redeemer, to keep from becoming dull and indifferent. It is the sure

way to build character.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

NATIVE RACES OF SOUTH AFRICA.

BY ELDER ORSON M. ROGERS, OF THE SOUTH AFRICAN MISSION.

There are undoubtedly many readers of the Era who would like to know more about the different races of people who inhabit this world of ours than at present is their ken, and as I am laboring as a missionary among people of different types and customs from those we see in America, I shall endeavor to write something of Africa's native races. But I want to make clear to my

readers that there is much of interest regarding the aborigines of this continent that can not be learned, because of the fact that they have no historians, no literature, and no desire to perpetuate their traditions to their posterity.

In thinking of these dark skinned Orson M. Rogers.

inhabitants that I see all around me, the thought naturally comes up, "where did they come from?"

At home we can say to our Indian,

0, stop and tell me, Red Man, Who are you, why you roam, And how you gst your living;

Have you no God, no home?"

and, thanks to the revelations in the Book of Mormon, he can give us a complete answer. But I know of no such book that can

tell us much about our colored brethren on this hemisphere. We

have to consider theories of men, or form one for ourselves. And

G26 IMPR0VEMEN7 ERA.

a most difficult task it is. There are no ancient hieroglyphics to

go to, and there are no ruins of buildings to unearth. So recource

to ethnologists must be had. But those educated people who have

measured the skulls and bones to compare with other races, help us very little. The different races within Africa

vary so much from each other that our erudite professors are puzzled to solve the mystery. The early Dutch settlers who might have been

able to interpret a few traditions before the influence of the white people had changed some of their conditions, didn't try. They

found the natives here;

couldn't drive them away altogether, so they smoked their pipes, content to know that they could make slaves of a few. Bothering

about who the inhabitants were, or where they came from, didn't enter their heads.

But of the theories of A Kaffir. scholars, some are worthy of

consideration. One of the

most widely accepted hypotheses is, I believe, that the climate, environment and custom made them what they are. It is believed

that thousands of years of tropical suns beating down on our naked bodies would be sufficient to produce a change in the color of the skin that would eventually be inherited from generation to generation. Instances of the East Indians are cited as proof, and the

Arabs are also referred to. Although there are many great minds

who hold this theory, there are many who cling to others, and try to disprove that one. In doing so, they say that if three thousand

..

NATIVEfRACES OF SOUTH AFRICA. 627

years would not be sufficient to effect the change, then thirty thousand wouldn't. The Mongolians are pointed to, and the question is asked, ''why aren't the Chinese who live in parts equally

as hot as Atrica, black?"And many other different questions are

propounded. But asking a question doesn't disprove a theory, so

they advance one which they think is better.

One of them is that all mankind were originally black, and lost their color through disease. In proof of

that they say the fairer a race, the more sickly, and vice versa. We may

smile when we think of Adam as being black, but there are men noted for their learning who believe that theory. And, of course, they argue

that as there are about as many, if not more, colored people, than white, it is reasonable.

Another theory which has been advanced by a few, and not upheld by many, is that the dark skin is the result of a curse from Almighty God

One man, who, I believe, first brought Photo'by Alma T. Jones.

forward that idea in Africa, is a Rev.

Kaffir lad who had drunk a quart

Mr. Holden, who published a book, of sour milk.

"Past, Present and Future of the Natives."And he maintains that it took no more divine power to

alter the color of the skin than to confuse the language at the time when, "the Lord scattered them abroad from thence upen the face of all the earth,"and he supposes that the negro races date from that time. There is much good sense in what he says,

but I believe that all of the negro races are children of Ham.

Leaving, then, the theory as to color, let us consider as to how they got here. Some believe, as does Mr. Holden, that they

came here at the time of the scattering at the tower of Babel

But most of the writers believe that they made this country their habitat prior to that time. They must have migrated over the

Isthmus of Suez, and traveled southward long before Egypt was f,:s IMPROVEMENT ERA.

settled, for it is unlikely that they could have passed through great Egypt and not absorbed some idea of building, or other learning. There is not a single stone building in all of South

Africa built by the early natives, nor is there a scroll of writing.

So the history of these people under consideration must be very ancient indeed. It is supposed by some ethnologists that the great

migration moved from what is now Egypt to the Atlantic Ocean, thence down that shore to Central Africa where they must have gone inland, and were then forced south for various reasons, climatic, and in pursuit of game, etc. From what I have read on

the subject, I believe that to be the most plausible route. There

are, however, writers of no mean importance who think that the vicinity of the Cape of Good Hope was first inhabited and then the course was northward.

Having briefly considered a few theories, let us take up the subject of the different races.

When I first came here I thought every one was a negro who had a dark skin and kinky hair, or "wool,"but I found that there

Photo by Alma T. Jones

Kaffir Boys at Capetown.

NATIVE RACES OF SOUTH AFRICA. 629

are different classifications made by Colonials. The true negro, or

the highest type of the colored race, is seldom found south of the 20th parallel of south latitude. They are fine looking specimens

of humanity, with large sinewy bodies, well shaped and agile. In

height their average would exceed that of Americans, and they

Photo by Alma T. Jones

Kaffir Hut in Course of Construction.

are as straight as our Indians at home. The color is a dark chocolate shade, the lips are thick and the nose rather flat. It was

chiefly from the pure negro stock that the Dutch first took slaves to America, so the "coons"of the United States are of the high type of the negro race. Their home was probably near Zanzibar,

on the east coast of Africa, but they may have been taken from points a little north or south of there. The negroes cover a large

extent of territory in Central Africa, and have always been a warlike race, and are even now kings of their kind. Their language

is more difficult to learn than some of the jargons of the other native races. As the pure negro is so seldom seen in Cape Colony

I know very little of them from actual observation.

The Bushmen, unlike the negroes, are small of stature, even dwarfish, five feet two being a tall one. Their hair is hard twists

("30 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

clinging tightly to the skull, and the faces are wrinkled. No beard

grows on the chin, which is sunken, and cheek bones are very high, but the cheeks themselves hollow. The eyes are small and vicious

looking, and the nose is almost a negative quantity. In color,

brown, a little darker than a Chinaman, and lighter than an Indian. It is said that they have never been known to have been

tamed, having always fought their enemies to the death. They

have always lived nomadic lives in the superlative, never building even a hut larger than a dog kennel, and shifting about almost constantly. They were about the first with whom the early settlers

of this country came in contact, but no use whatsoever could be made of them as servants. The bushmen are perhaps the lowest

type of the human family, and in many respects, are much like intelligent beasts, but still there is too large a gap between them and the highest type of monkey or ape to form a connecting link.

Their life to them has always been a feast or a famine. When a

large animal was killed the whole family would move camp to where the carcass lay, and they would remain there until nothing

Photo by Alma T. Jones

Kaffir Boys.

NATIVE RACES OF SOUTH AFRICA. 631

but bones and stench remained. But their olfactory nerves were

so imperfect that even the worst odors arising from a dead beast wouldn't affect their appetices.

Their only weapon was a crude bow and arrow, which was always poisoned, and their only domestic animal was a dog. Caves

were usually their only home, and a few old skins or some tufts of grass, their only bed. Always sleeping, curled up like a little child

in winter, an ostrich nest would have made them a comfortable resting place. I have been in some of their caves, and the floors

were not even levelled off. They knew of only one way of making

a fire, and that was by rubbing sticks together. But when once a

fire was made it was the woman's duty to keep embers always alight.

It is not known how the Bushmen came to be, but it is generally supposed that they were at one time closely related with the aborigines of Australia, but no connecting link is shown aside from similarity in looks. They had no sense of modesty, and roamed

about absolutely naked, save on certain occasions they wove a belt, which, in times of hunger, they tightened. In remote times the

Bushmen were cannibals.

Now the Hottentots, who are more widely known than the

Bushmen, are a filthy people at the present time. They resemble

a Chinaman so much in features that it is thought by some writers that they are a cross between Mongolians and either Bushmen or

Kaffirs. Their eyes are wide apart, and some even slant. The

cheek bones are high, the nose flat and the lips very protruding and unforbidding. The color of the Hottentots is very light, and

there is a slight tinge of pink in some of them. The concensus

of opinion as to their origin is that they are of a mixed blood, but it isn't settled (and probably never will be) how, when, or where it all happened.

I said they were a filthy people. That I know from personal

observation to be true. They gladly live on the refuse of rubbish

heaps, and I have often seen them sorting out the garbage barrels.

But as low as they are, they have always been ahead ef the Bushmen, and even now are better educated than the other natives of the colony. So far as is known they always had cows, sheep and

dogs, and built huts of sticks and mud, and raised corn and a few 632 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

other things. They wore slightly more clothing than the Bushmen,

having a girdle around their persons; and married women carried

a shawl. Being good at imitation they were easily taught to be

good servants by the early Dutch settlers, and were a great help to them. In warfare they were savage, and knew no quarter. At

present they have no language of their own. They learned Dutch

because they had to when they were under Dutch control, so now they have the distinction, so far as I know, of being the only distinct race of people without a vestige of their mother tongue remaining.

The predominant native race of South Africa is that called the

Kaffirs. As there are nearly as many nations of them as there are

of Indians in America, I shall treat them as a whole, only mentioning that some of the well known names of tribes are, Zulus, Griquas, Fingoes, Bantu and Basutos. In color the Kaffirs are like a

cup of cocoa, as a rule, but some get very dark. They are not

so very far removed from the negro, and are called by many, negroids. I believe that if true negroes are the sons of Ham, then

the Kaffirs are, too. They have all the distinctive features, color,

"wool,"flat noses and thick lips.

They are by nature more of a pastoral people than the other natives, having cattle, sheep, fowls and dogs.. They have always

built huts of sticks, mud and willows, and live in communities called a kraal, and seldom move about. I have said that they are

the most numerous of the colored people, which one traveling about this country could see at a glance. They are found from

the Cape of Good Hope to Rhodesia, but their centre is probably near Queenstown in the eastern province of Cape Colony.

I shall not tell of the wars and troubles the settlers had with the natives, nor could I do so, if I wanted to write anything else.

Suffice it to say, there have always been wars, off and on, with them.

Just the other day the king of the Zulus, Dinizulu, was sentenced to five years imprisonment for complicity in treason against the

British.

Some of the peculiar customs of the aborigines would be interesting, so I shall relate a few, and unless I otherwise state, they are of the Kaffirs.

First then, as to dress. It doesn't take long to describe that,

NATIVE RACES OF SOUTH AFRICA. 633

for they think that clothing is unnecessary in a hot climate, and what is more, they have the# courage of their convictions. A pattern for a bridal gown could be cut from a. single page of this

book, and then there would be enough left for bracelets and headgear. The girls and bovs up to the age of about seven wear what

they inherited at birth, and after that age a few beads suffice. A

married woman, however, always carries a blanket. It doesn't

make much particular difference whether she uses it, but she has one just the same; then they have a short skirt from the waist to

the knees. Beads adorn their necks, arms and ankles, and they

Photo by F. A. Sheffield

Kaffir Hut, King William's Town.

are scarred over the breasts for beauty. They have absolutely no

false modesty, and it wouldn't matter much if I should strike out the word false. I have seen men, all bedecked in beads, carrying

a stick (which a Kaffir always has,) and a blanket or skin, called a "kaross."But sometimes clay is smeared all over the body. Then

the blanket and beads are dispensed with. So much for the dress.

The wives of the natives are bought at so many cattle for each, say two cows or four sheep, up to six cows or twelve sheep.

634 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

The girls have absolutely nothing to do with the courtship. If they

are sold by the father, they must go. But if they can escape from

their husbands the first night, they are forfeited, unless other cows are given the father for them.

There are several different marriage ceremonies, but the most common one is like this: the girl (aged about sixteen) is bargained

for, the wedding to take place at a certain time. Ten days before

that time she has to remain in a hut with old women, and it is a shame for anyone to try to see her or for her to dare to come out.

When the appointed day arrives, all the guests are at hand to make merry. They drink honey beer, smoKe and feast. Then the girl

is placed within a circle formed by the guests. After they have

all danced, and sung, and made remarks for a long time, the husband-tobe, steps up and places an apron on her. From that time

she is his wife, or more properly speaking, his property, and it is a shame for anyone else to touch her for a long time.

The morals of the natives are terrible, according to Christian standards, in fact they have very little sense of wrong.

They have some religious beliefs that make some people think they are of Israel, as they practice circumcision, although they don't know why. They believe that their spirits live after them,

and they have a partial belief in a resurrection, but their god is their ancestors'spirits, one of whom is the sun, another the moon;

the rest are the stars. They believe in mermaids in the sea, and

if a person drowns they believe it will bring a curse upon the one who rescues the body, as that would deprive the mermaid of her food.

The Bushmen would never drink any water unless they had first thrown something into it, such as meat, or a stick or arrow.

At the present day thousands of natives are converted to the different sects of Christianity, through the efforts of missionaries.

There are Catholics, Wesleyans, and Episcopalians, among others.

Schools and mission stations are established, and trades are taught them. In religion they are very devout, but will steal and tell

lies. Their conversion to Christianity may be a good thing in the

end, but according to the Colonials it is spoiling them. They are

very arrogant and smart. If one tries to correct them, the reply

comes, "I have the same heaven as you,"and such things. The

NATIVE RACES OF SOUTH AFRICA. 635

Boers handle the natives better than the English, because they are strict with them, and as it is the nature of a native to serve, he likes a Boer.

Some natives are comparatively well educated, and all of the converted ones would spend their last penny on fancy dress. They

like bright colors, and to use an old expression, "they dress to kill."Education does seem to rain them in many ways, for they

only learn (or only practice) the bad. They are quite apt at following the white people's bad ways. When a native has spent a

few years at school, living in the misery of civilization, he returns to his kraal, strips off his clothing, goes back to his former manners, catches cold and brings consumption into the camp. That

disease kills hundreds, but the natives are naturally so prolific that they are ever increasing, and it is feared that there will yet be a great race war for supremacy in South Africa. Cape Colony has

already granted the franchise, and other colonies may, but residents are predicting trouble.

In conclusion, I shall say that I have been so brief that I have just started on my subject, and have treated it more in headlines than anything else. Our missionaries do very little work

among the colored people, as we consider that our message is more important to the whites at present. Although we do little or no

work among them, we see so many that it will seem good some day to again be in a country where they are seen only on Pullman cars or in restaurants.

Port Elizabeth, C. C, Africa.

QUEER TRUTHS.

"The man we respect today we laughed at yesterday."

''Many a woman who has married for a living has starved for love."

"Our beautiful cities would still be in the forests and mines but for dream ers. "Nothing misfortunate matters much, if so be you can smile about it."

Success.

THE MASSACRE AT FORT LARAMIE.

BY LYDIA D. ALDER.

The emigrant train which left the frontier, in the spring of 1854, under command of Capt. Fields, was accompanied by a

government train which was bringing presents from the government to the Indians who were to assemble at Fort Laramie.

Sometimes the government train was ahead "of the emigrant train, then nearly beside it, or following after, but never very far away.

Just before they reached Laramie, an Indian stole a cow belonging to an emigrant and killed it.

The owner of the cow, proceeded ahead and Kiade complaint to the officers at the fort. A company of

twenty -eight soldiers were detailed to lay the matter beSamuel R. Parkinson, Preston, Idaho. fore the Indian chief. The

commanding officer of this company, it is told, inflamed his brain by freely imbibing firewater before his departure. When he met the chief, he demanded in an

insolent tone, that the offender should be delivered up to him, "If you do not,"said he, "I will blow the top of your head off!"

THE MASSACRE AT FORT LARAMIE. 637

The chief laughed at him, and said, "What will become of you, if you blow the top of my head off? See all these Indians

here!"pointing to the hundreds who had come in from all their

hunting grounds, to receive their presents.

The surrounding hills were black with their ponies, and their wickiups seemed without number. All this made no impression on

the officer who immediately ordered the soldiers to fire, which they did, killing the chief instantly.

The enraged Indians falling on the soldiers killed and scalped every one of them; then proceeded to the fort, killing as they

went, and helped themselves to the presents, and everything else they wanted.

"Our company,"says S. R. Parkinson, of Preston, Idaho,

''were ten miles this side of Laramie when this occurred, but runners flying for their lives overtook us telling of the dreadful massacre.

"Instead of camping that night, Capt. Fields ordered the train

on, traveling all night and notifying every one we met of the massacre at the fort. Prior to this time our train for various reasons

had been divided, eighteen wagons, among them George Dunford and his family, going before, under command of Capt. Isaac Groo.

As I had the only mule team of the train, Capt. Fields asked me to

go ahead and bear the news to them. At Deep Creek I overtook

the other train, and we took another forced march. We were accompanied by the terrified mountaineers and others whom I had

warned en route. At every trading point they gathered up their

ponies, waerons and belongings and joined us, for the greatest fear rested on all when they heard of the uprising of the Indians."

By an overruling Providence, these emigrants were unmolested, but it took a long time to overcome the scare. Others

following these trains were not so fortunate. The late Henry W.

Naisbitt told the writer that when he reached Laramie, he beheld the sickening sight of forty dead faces upraised to the blazing sun, murdered and scalped, but still unburied beside the wreckage of a train that had been looted by the Indians. This train, however, did not belong to our people; it seems that we were always

ahead or a little behind all such dreadful occurrences on the plains.

Almost the last time the writer conversed with Brother Naisbitt he 638 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

vividly related this massacre at Laramie. "Write it, "I urged

him, "that others may know what some of us escaped."He then

was ill and sat in darkness, so that the circumstance was not written that I know of.

Continuing his narrative, Brother Parkinson says, "By the time we reached the Sweetwater country, our cattle began to give out, we could not travel as before.

Capt. Fields, alive to the

emergency, and fearing a belated entrance into the Valley, bought up a lot of cattle there, which was a great help to the emigrants, expecting to make good his outlay when they reached the Valley.

This wise and humane act, George Dunford. however, proved a sad pecuniary loss to him, though

such a great blessing to his company, for he failed to make good his outlay. Later, stripped of his earthly possessions, he left the

chosen people for California, where he soon died. While those

who remained under his care with their descendants have helped to build up and make beautiful the Zion of our God."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

HE DREAMED DREAMS.

"I dreamed that I slept in an editor's bed,

When the editor was not nigh, And I thought as I lay in that downy coujh,

How easy editors lie!"Ladies'1 Home Journal.

SELFCONTROL.*

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN,

VIII.—THE DIGNITY OF SELFRELIANCE.

Selfconfidence, without selfreliance, is as useless as a cooking recipe—without food. Selfconfidence sees the possibilities

of the individual; selfreliance realizes them. Selfconfidence sees

the angel in the unhewn block of marble; selfreliance carves it

out for himself.

The man who is selfreliant says ever: "No one can realize

my possibilities for me, but me; no one can make me good or evil

socibut myself."He works out his own salvation,—financially,

ally, mentally, physically and morally. Life is an individual

problem that man must solve for himself. Nature accepts no

vicarious sacrifice, no vicarions service. Nature never recognizes a proxy vote. She has nothing to do with middlemen,—she

deals only with the individual. Nature is constantly seeking to

show man that he is his own best friend, or his own worst enemy.

Nature gives man the option on which he will be to himself.

All the athletic exercises in the world are of no value to the individual unless he compel those bars and dumbbells to yield to him, in strength and muscle, the power for which he, himself, pays in time and effort. He can never dovelop his muscles by

sending his valet to a gymnasium.

The medicine chests of the world are powerless, in all the united efforts, to help the individual until he reach out and take for himself what is needed for his individual weakness.

*From SelfControl; its Kingship and Majesty. Copyright 1889 and 1905

by Fleming H e Revell Company.

640 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

All the religions of the world are but speculations in morals, mere theories of salvation, until the individual realize that he must save himself by relying on the law of truth, as he sees it, and living his life in harmony with it, as fully as he can. But

religion is not a Pullman car, with softcushioned seats, where one else does all thehe has but to pay for his ticket,—and some

rest. In religion, as in all other great things, he is ever thrown

back on his selfreliance. He should accept all helps, but,—he

must live his own life. He should not feel that he is a mere passenger; he is the engineer, and the train is his life. We must

rely on ourselves, live our own lives, or we merely drift through all that is best, all that is greatest, all that isexistence—losing

divine.

All that others can do for us is to give us opportunity. We

must ever be prepared for the opportunity when it comes, and to go after it and find it when it does not come, or that opportunity is

Life is but a succession of opportunities. Theyto us,—nothing.

are for good or evil,—as we make them.

Many of the alchemists of old felt that they lacked but one element; if they could obtain that one, they believed they could

transmute the baser metals into pure gold. It is so in character.

There are individuals with rare mental gifts, and delicate spiritual discernment who fail uttterly in life because they lack all their enerthe one element—selfreliance. This would unite

gies, and focus them into strength and power.

The man who is not selfreliant is weak, hesitating and doubting in all that he does. He fears to take a decisive step,

because he dreads failure, because he is waiting for some one to advise him, or because he dare not act in accordance with his best judgment. In his cowardice and his conceit he sees all his nonsuccess due to others. He is "not appreciated,""not recognized,"he is "kept down.""He feels that in some subtle way

"society is conspiring against him."He grows almost vain as

he thinks that no one has had such poverty, such sorrow, such affliction, such failure as have come to him.

The man who is selfreliant seeks ever to discover and conquer the weakness within him that keeps him from the attainment of what he holds dearest; he seeks within himself the power to

SELFC0N1B0L. 641

battle against all outside influences. He realizes that all the

greatest men in history, in every phase of human effort, have been those who have had to fight against the odds of sickness, suffering, sorrow. To him defeat is no more than passing

through a tunnel is to a traveler—he knows he must emerge again

into the sunlight.

The nation that is strongest is the one that is the most selfreliant, the one that contains within its boundaries all that its people need. If, with its ports all blockaded it has not within

itself the necessities of life and the elements of its continual progress is weak, held by the enemy, and it is but a question then,—it

of time till it must surrender. Its independence is in proportion

to its selfreliance, to its power to sustain itself from within.

What is true of nations is true of individuals. The history of

nations is but the biography of individuals magnified, intensified, multiplied, and projected on the screen of the past. History is

the biography of a nation; biography is the history of an individual. So it must be that the individual who is most strong in any

trial, sorrow or need is he who can live from his inherent strength, who needs no scaffolding of commonplace sympathy to uphold him.

He must ever be selfreliant.

The wealth and prosperity of ancient Rome, relying on her slaves to do the real work of the nation, proved the nation's downfall. The constant dependence on the captives of war to do

the thousand details of life for them, killed selfreliance in the nation and in the individual. Then, through weakened selfreliance

and the increased opportunity for idle, luxurious ease that came with it, Rome, a nation of fighters,—became a nation of men

more effeminate than women. As we depend on others to do

those things we should do for ourselves, our selfreliance weakens and our powers and our control of them become continuously

less.

Man to be great must be selfreliant. Though he may not be

so in all things, he must be selfreliant in the one in which he would be great. This selfreliance is not the selfsufficiency of

conceit. It is daring to stand alone. Be an oak, not a vine. Be

ready to give support, but do not crave it; do not be dependent

on it. To develop your true selfreliance, you must see from the

642 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

beginning that life is a battle you must fight for yourself,—you

must be your own soldier. You cannot substitute, you cannot win

a reprieve, you can never be placed on the retired list. The retired list of life is busy with its own is,—death. The world

cares, sorrows and joys, and pays little heed to you. There is

selfreliance.but one great password to success,—

If you would learn to converse, put yourself into positions where you must speak. If you would conquer your morbidness,

mingle with the bright people around you, no matter how difficult it may be. If you desire the power that some one else possesses,

do not envy his strength, and dissipate your energy by weakly wishing his force were yours. Emulate the process by which it

became his, depend on your own selfreliance, pay the price for it, and equal power may be yours. The individual must look upon

himself as an investment of untold possibilities if rightly develmine whose resources can never be known but by goingoped,—a

down into it and bringing out what is hidden.

Man can develop his selfreliance by seeking constantly to surpass himself. We try too much to surpass others. If we

seek ever to surpass ourselves, we are moving on a uniform line of progress, that gives a harmonious unifying to our growth in all its parts. Daniel Morrell, at one time president of the Cambria Rail works, that employed seven thousand men, and made a

rail famed throughout the world, was asked the secret of the great success of the works. "We have no secret,"he said, "but

last batch of rails."Competithis,—we always try to beat our

tion is good, but it has its danger side. There is a tendency to

sacrifice real worth to mere appearance, to have seeming rather than reality. But the true competition is the competition of the

individual with himself,—his present seeking to excel his past.

This means real growth from within. Selfreliance develops it,

and it develops selfreliance. Let the individual feel thus as to

his own progress and possibilities, and he can almost create his life as he will. Let him never fall down in despair at dangers

and sorrows at a distance; they may be harmless, like Bunyan's

stone lions, when he nears them.

The man who is selfreliant does not live in the shadow of some one else's greatness; he thinks for himself; depends on him-

SELFCONTROL. 643

self, and acts for himself. In throwing the individual thus back

upon himself it is not shutting his eyes to the stimulus and light and new life that come with the warm pressure of the hand, the kindly word, and the sincere expression of true friendship. But

true friendship is rare; its great value is in a crisis—like a

lifeboat. Many a boasted friend has proved a leaking, worthless

"lifeboat"when the storm of adversity might make him useful.

In these great crises of life, man is strong only as he is strong from within, and the more he depends on himself the stronger will he become, and the more able will he be to help others in the hour of their need. His very life will be a constant help and a

strength to others, as he becomes to them a living lesson of the dignity of selfreliance.

A SONG—EARLY IN THE MORNING

(Dedicated to Hamilton G. Park.)

When Aurora glints the mountains, in the resurrection day,

While the dew is on the lilies where the fragrant breezes play;

When the angel sounds his trumpet for the dead in Christ to rise, may I behold the glory of his coming through the skies

Chorus: Early in the morning of the resurrection day,

When the dew is on the lilies and the fragrant breezes play.

In the joyous, sacred dawning of the resurrection day,

May I find my loved ones waiting to pursue our upward way

Through the flaming, golden splendor as we answer to His call:

Come, ye faithful, I will crown you—I, your King and Lord of all.

Chorus

When his presence fills the temple, in the resurrection day,

May I meet the seer beloved with the saints in white array;

May our voices intermingle in that glad seraphic strainHallelujah! Hallelujah! Christ has come to earth to reign.

Chorus: Ruth May Fox.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

TURKEY'S REVOLUTION.

BY JOHN T. WOODBURY, JR., OF THE L. D. S. MISSION IN TURKEY.

[On the 24th of April, after a fight with the loyal troops of the Sultan, in which more than a thousand, men were killed, the forces of the Young Turks or

Constitutionalists, entered Constantinople, took complete possession of the city and forced the unconditional surrender of the garrison of the Sultan Abdul Hamid's palace. Martial law was proclaimed and comparative order was soon restored;

measures were then taken for the protection of the embassies and all foreigners.

Three days later, on the 27th, Sheikul-Islam, who is the head of the church, issued a decree deposing the sultan, which decree was immediately approved by the national assembly with not a dissenting voice, Abdul Hamid is now a prisoner in a palace at Salonica, headquarters of the Young Turks. MehemmedReshad Effendi, the sultan's brother, who is two years younger than Abdul

Hamid, was chosen successor to reign under the title of Mehemmed V, The deposed sultan is sixtysix years old. The new sultan has for thirtythree years

been a prisoner in his palace at Constantinople, because of the jealousy and suspicion of his despotic brother wbo, it is now clearly evident was the instigator of the fearful massacres of Christians which has recently taken place in Armenia, jn which over 20,000 people have been murdered. The new sultan has expressed

himself in full sympathy with the constitution, and there is some prospect that another more civilized regime will be inaugurated in Turkey. Several Americans,

among them two newspaper correspondents, were wounded during the fight in

Constantinople. This article was written just before the events above referred

to took place. Editors.]

For years it has been a common saying among our people that Turkey's political affairs have reached such a state of corruption that any change, no matter what it might be, could hardly help being for the better. Perhaps the fact that our missionaries

have suffered many inconveniences due to looseness in government, lack of punctuality in officers and precision in methods, may have influenced them somewhat and made judgment a little severe. Loss of

letters and papers from the mails, otherwise their extremely late arrival, withholding,;'on thefpart of the officials, books which have

TURRETS R VOLUTION. 645

regularly been examined and marked to that effect by the seal of the censor; unnecessary and unlawful requirements made concerning passports, by ignorant and fanatical officers; banishment in

deed if not in form by placing soldiers to see that no conversations are held and no work done; compulsory travel in undesirable

directions, and in fact almost anything else that would go against the grain of Americanism's freedomloving spirit, have all been factors in helping us to the conclusion that Turkey's changes can only be for the better.

The present condition of the Ottoman empire substantiates

Drawn from life by Joseph O. Phelps

Plowing.

the words of our representatives to this people, wherein they have often said, that even if foreign powers did not interfere and reform this country, that it would in and of itself be revolutionized, because "a kingdom divided against itself cannot stand."

A majority of officers represent each an arbitrary government or power, wherein he concocts laws to suit himself, and any emergency that might arise, making sure that his concoctions will bring more bribe money his way; but at the same time he is very

46 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

careful that he is not treading on the toes of a superior, of whom more than likely he has bought his present office. If, however, he is

accidentally or otherwise brought to task by a senior whom he may have offended by taking a bribe which would otherwise have fallen to his accuser, he in turn bribes his more powerful adversary with a good round sum and returns to his old practices with renewed vigor, for he figures that he must, from some source, get a compensation for that which he has been compelled to pay his lawless superior associate. Thus, the officers, from the mail car.

rier on up to the head, buys each his respective office from the one next in rank, better. The offices are sold from the top down,

one man buys an office and then sells offices that come under his management. Each officer which he appoints sells the respective

minor offices that come under his jurisdiction; consequently, if a

change is made among the head officials, a great commotion follows. Under such a rule there is nothing which money cannot

buy. Freedom for the murderer is in sight, if he has a little gold.

Under such a tyranny nothing the poor man has is safe from the rich and not even the widow's portion is left to her unmolested.

CHANGES.

From an absolute monarchy the Ottoman empire has become a representative government with a constitution. At the time

the constituion was made public, most of the higher officers were changed about in order that no conspiracies might flourish. Next

all officers and soldiers were sworn to uphold the constitution in a peculiarly Mohammedan style with their Wallahe, Tallahe and

Belliihe. Next, the government sent representatives to all parts

of its domains to explain the new move and tell the people they have freedom. Many of the people mistook anarchy, or lack of

government, for freedom, and consequently many officers who had dealt very unjustly in past time were handled very roughly (some being killed) by mobs, urged on by leaders whose business it was to know that lack of government does not mean freedom. The

censor and secret service men were then dispensed with. The

presses and newspapers were made free to publish what they desire. All men serving terms of imprisonment for plot or conspiracy against the government were set at liberty. Thousands of

TURRETS REVOLUTION. 647

men were set free. This move gave other prisoners the idea that

they ought to be freed, and was a fruitful source of prison breaks.

In Sivas the prisoners, by some means or other, secured arms and rushed on the guarding soldiery, killing two. The soldiers stood

firm, and after killing nine men, succeeded in returning the remaining prisioners to their penlike prison.

Next, all Armenians, who, having left Turkey, desired to return, were permitted to do so unmolested. Word was given out

that if anybody desired to go to foreign countries, or even to other parts of Turkey, passports would be issued to such persons without giving them unnecessary trouble and without charging them an outrageous fee.

The Armenians are now permitted to carry firearms if they desire, but the government is yet careful to see that they do not supply themselves with rifles. Though bribery and injustice in

court were supposed to vanish entirely under the new system, it has by no means done so; nor could it consistently be expected to

be wholly uprooted in a place where it has flourished for so many years, and that in the face of laws affixing heavy penalties, too.

Equality of all subjects is a theme much harped upon but never practiced.

Drawn by Joseph O. Phelps

Threshing..

648 1MPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

Last, but not insignificant, is the fact that in this movement the Mohammedan has secured a handle by which he will be able to completely annihilate the Armenian nation. In the past, the

Turk has been, he thinks, handicapped by the interference of other nations when he has murdered the Armenian after taking all of his arms. Interference of the foreigner has been uppermost

in the Turk's mind, but now it will not be so. In the manner that

his cunning has helped him in past ages, it has again come to his rescue. During his six hundred years of tyrannical rule, he has

reduced the Armenian nation from thirtyfive or forty million to a number that will not exceed five million.

In event of another massacre, which the crafty, bloodthirsty

Turk would like to perpetrate on the handful of Armenians remaining, how could he excuse himself? Knowing that the Armenian desires absolute freedom, and that if any kind of a chance is

given him he will rebel; still further, knowing that if he does so,

he can at best cope with the Turk's millions for but a short time, the Mohammedan has given him a dangerous plaything in the form of a little freedom and at the same time furnished himself with a long desired excuse for exterminating his troublesome captives and obtaining what little property has been left unto them thus far. If a massacre should be the outcome of the movement

here, and the Turks were held to account by foreign nations his answer would most assuredly be, We gave the Armenian freedom

He has misused it, and brought this calamity on his own head.

By misusing his liberty he has stirred up our people, and their wrath has fallen upon him, and no one but himself is to blame.

Whether such a thing will ever be done or not, or whether the

Turk's prime motive foreshadowed such a thing or not, we may not know, but that it looks feasible can readily be seen.

ATTITUDE OF TURK.

Among the Turks there are several divisions. As a general

rule the old Turk is against any change whatever in the government, because he considers that besides taking power out of his hands, it is striking a telling blow at his religion and his pride.

Another class (I might call it the middle one) is willing to concede a little toward making life easier for people other than

TURKEY'S REVOLUTION. 649

the Turk. They are a sort of conservative class, desiring to make

a reconciliation with as little sacrifice of power as possible, at the same time, understanding that to be obstinate and sacrifice none, will mean, in time, to sacrifice all.

The third and important class known as the "Young Turk,"desires that the country be free, and that liberty prevail. His

motto is "Freedom, brotherhood, justice and equality."The

motto is good, but will it ever be a reality? A parliament may

make laws incorporating the grand principles in the four words above, but still, as long as existing conditions prevail there will always be an unwritten law which will say Armenians and Mohammedans are not brothers, and the Armenian is inferior to his haughty conqueror. There is no possibility whatever that, at

least this generation of Turks will consider the Armenian as his equal, or, for that matter, any body else. At present, even the

Turks say that there is equality among all the Sultan's subjects, but is it so? Not any more so than that it is a fact that the

negro of our Southern States is equal to the white man. The law

says he is, but the unwritten law says he isn't.

'Tis not an easy matter for a Turk to consider those his brothers or equals whom he and his forefathers for thirteen centuries have been taught are "ghower"or Godgiven especially for them to prey upon.

The Turk has become a worldrenowned fanatic, and it will take more than a generation to grind out of him the storage of more than a thousand years, unless some extraordinary powers are brought to bear upon his calloused heart.

ARMENIAN ATTITUDE.

The Armenians are divided into two main divisions, both having absolute freedom and dominion as their ultimate aim, but their modes of procedure differ widely.

One division says, let us accept the proffered freedom as a stepping stone to absolute freedom. Under present conditions

we cannot grow or acquire power, therefore it is absolutely necessary for us to accept the little freedom offered unto us that we may acquire strength to gain the freedom desired (a portion of the. With this little freedom weOttoman empire to rule by themselves)

650 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

can come into possession of arms and prepare to defend ourselves at the time when European governments decide to free us. If that

time never comes, we may in time be able to free ourselves.

The other division says, let us not accept this mock freedom offered unto us because by doing so, we will lose our case with other nations. They will say that since you have accepted the

terms offered you by the Turks, you have tied our hands and we can do nothing for you. Let us either die or be free! Now is the

time to strike!

This freedom movement is simply a trick to weaken us still more, therefore before we are downed never more to rise, let us do something and then implore the aid of foreigners. If they

come not to our aid, let us, at least, die fighting for freedom. 'Tis

much better than being lured into a trap, and then slain like so many rats, without even a chance of defense.

It would be impossible to picture the hatred which most of the

Armenians have for the Turk. In fact, I am free to say that if

the Turk and Armenian changed places now, that is, if the former were in bondage and the latter was his master, there would in a very short time not be enough Turks left to tell the story of their horrible butchery. The Armenian has proved that he is just about

as fanatical as the Turk and will give just as much if not more trouble to one who does not believe as he does, if it lies in his power.

The few officers chosen from the Armenians have proven beyond a doubt that they do not know how to use authority.

Even though his authority be insignificant, he becomes exceedingly proud, and commands as though he were ''Lord of Creation."

There are exceptions, but they are few.

IMPOSSIBILITY OF AMICABLE MUTUAL GOVERNMENT.

The mutual hate existing between the Turk and the Christian will be found an insurmountable barrier to peaceful mutual government, until it be removed, if such a thing is possible.

Coldblooded butchery perpetrated upon the fathers, wives, brothers, sisters and mothers of many Armenians of the present generation has engraved upon the hearts of those who were spared, vengeance and fear; vengeance for their relatives'spilled

TURKEY'S REVOLUTION. 651

blood, fear lest their own shall be mingled with that of their fallen relatives, and by the same hand that laid their loved ones low. Their despair engendering fear is so terrible at times that it

reminds one of a wicked people awaiting the pouring out of the wrath and vengeance of an offended God. The Turk also fears,

and therefore hates. He knows too well what it will mean to him

if the Armenian ever gets any power. During the time of the

massacre he received a warning never to be forgotten from a little

Armenian village called Zeytoon.

The few Mohammedans that were in that village at the time were butchered in a manner that could only be the fruit of an undying hate. Soldiers who had surrendered and given up their

arms to that village were afterwards slain with knives, clubs, hatchets, etc., in the hands of the villagers'wives. When the Turk

again gained power in that section is it any great wonder that he swore that he would oppress them with taxes to such an extent that they would never be able to again regain their feet?

After such things have happened, can the Turk and Armenian go to war together against a foreign nation? No; each would

fear that the other would turn traitor. More especially the Turk

would fear that the Armenian would fall into the ranks of his

Christian adversaries.

The Mohammedan does not and will not at present either give the Armenian justice, nor call him brother in earnest. Neither

will he consider him his equal under any conditions. Furthermore the Armenian does not desire to become either a brother or

an equal of the Turk in a mutual government. He wants, first

and last, a land of his own and a government of his own, wherein he may do as he sees fit.

His six hundred years joint residence with the Musselman has not prepared him to be a successful, selfgoverning nation. The

traits and customs of the Turk have been too deeply instilled into his life to permit him to be a just ruler or a conscientious servant.

A PERFECT MEANS OP ADJUSTMENT.

In his mad desire for a country of his own the Armenian is today ignoring everything else. He even says that religion is at

such a time a secondary consideration and any one of their people 652 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

who places it foremost ought to be slain. No doubt that his

religion could stand a second place, but true Christianity, never!

Think of it! Ignoring the whole plan of deliverance, made by the

King of the whole earth, and thinking that they can make a plan that will serve their purpose better. Even if they should become

freed from their Mohammedan yoke, they would still fall prey to their own depraved natures, which would be worse still.

If Turkey's contending parties would only accept true Christianity, the despised "Mormonism,"the gospel of love, they would have commenced the only solution to their difficulties. They

would have commenced a purification of their individuals and thereby make a sure foundation for a righteous, peaceloving nation. Acceptance of the gospel in deed, and not in word of

mouth, would put them in possession of the Holy Spirit, which would teach them how to be peaceable and loving, and how to banish their souldestroying hate, envy and vengeance.

May the Lord grant unto this benighted people the spirit of repentance, that they may have the privilege of enjoying the same blessings that the gospel has brought unto us. May they prove

in their lives that truth and truth only shall make them free.

Zara, Turkey.

Copyright, igoq, by Romans Photo Co.

Manufacturers Building, AlaskaYukon Pacific Exposition Seattle.

PEACE.

BY WILLIAM HALLS.

[The Hague Peace Conference was called by the present Czar, Nicholas II,

August 1898, and held first at the Hague, Holland, in May, June and July, 1899.

It was composed of representatives from all the chief powers of the world. The

call or rescript issued by the Czar laid special emphasis on "the terrible and increasing burden of European armaments,"and recommended for careful consideration the questions of "the maintenance of general peace and a possible reduction of armaments."This universal conference has given rise to several national

organizations. In this country we have the American Peace Society with at kast

ten branches—open to all who desire peace on earth and good will toward men,

the Utah Peace Society being one with ExGovernor John C. Cutler, president,

and J. M. Sjodahl, secretary. The society was organized two years ago, and meets

annually. For some years annual peace meetings have been held in many of the

wards of the Church, under the auspices of the Relief Society, in May. Editors.]

Blessed are the peace makers for they shall be called the children of God.

How beautiful are the feet of them that preach the gospel of peace.

As all reforms must be conceived in the mind, it is quite gratifying to see such a worldwide awakening in the interest of peace.

Peace can never prevail till men are prepared to receive it.

No people are more interested in universal peace than the

Saints; and no people more in sympathy with every intelligent

move leading to that desirable condition. It is their mission to

"lift up a standard of peace."They are ambassadors of th

"Prince of Peace."

Peace in its broad sense means much more than the cessation of war. It means political, social, and industrial equality; also

religious liberty.

On entering any vital reform, a few things may well be considered.

654 IMPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

The scope of the movement, the good to be achieved, the evils to be overcome, the difficulties likely to be met, and the means at command to meet them. As long as cause and effect

are related, efficient means must be used to accomplish our purposes.

What means shall we use to make peace? Is the theory, "to

secure peace prepare for war,"sound? It has not proved so in the

past; why should it in the future? Will not the building of fleets

and training of armies encourage the spirit of war? When the

ruler of one nation visits another he is welcomed by booming of cannon; he is entertained in witnessing naval displays and military

parades; and great pride is taken to impress him with their proficiency in the art of war.

In national fairs, holidays and festivals, the war spirit is emphasized; and in our institutions of learning, a misconception of

true patriotism inculcates the spirit of war.

We train pugilists to fight; horses to run; we manufacture intoxicants that men may drink; and make cigars and cigarettes for

men to smoke.

But we build battle ships and train marines and soldiers to insure peace! "Oh consistency, thou art a jewel!""Oh inconsistency, thou art man.""Whom the gods would destroy they first

make mad."Under present conditions for any one nation to disarm would be unwise; that it is necessary to be able to defend ourselves

against invasion is true; but that to prepare for war and encourage

the military spirit on every hand will inspire sentiments of peace, is contrary to nature, to the law of environment. It is a psychological absurdity. As well contend that to improve the quality and

increase the quantity of meat, and put it on the market in the most attractive and appetizing manner will promote vegetarianism.

If this theory were correct, it is impracticable, as there is no limit, no standard of efficiency; an army and navy of one nation

are strong or weak as compared with those of other nations; and

the army that is strong today may be by comparison weak tomorrow, calling for an additional levy. So that if we use 70 per

cent of our revenue for defense today, we may have to use 80 per cent tomorrow to maintain a balance of power; there is no end in

sight.

PEACE. 655

Assuming that the primary object of government is not only to defend its territory against invasion, but also to protect its citizens in their natural rights, including liberty of conscience; a

glance at the condition of mankind as far as we have authentic history without going into detail, will suffice to show that the governments of the world have not filled the purpose of their creation. They have not given their people freedom and peace,

especially is this true as regards liberty of conscience; intolerance

has been the rule; not confined to Paganism and the dark ages of

the Christian era, it has come down through modern history to our times, as witness the massacre of Jews in Russia; the Christians

in Armenia; and the Latterday Saints in America.

However sincere the advocates of peace may be, it is evident that very few have a clear conception of the magnitude of the labor before them, and the radical changes that must take place before their hopes can be realized.

The way the political world is at present constituted is incompatible with peace. If there were but two men in the world,

and only one woman each would want to kill the other for her sake. And as long as there are two independent nations in the

world and but one world to govern, each will want to subdue the other and rule the whole world, and as nations multiply strife will increase.

Before we can have universal peace we must have a universal government to which all nations, tribes and tongues will bear allegiance.

As the governments of the world after several thousand years trial have failed to establish peace, the Lord is going to take away some of their power and take the reins of government into his own hands.

Daniel tells of a time when the "God of heaven shalfset up a kingdom that shall never be destroyed."If the Lord could accomplish his purposes through existing kingdoms, there would be

no need setting up another kingdom; but new wine cannot be held

in old bottles. If the Lord could save his children spiritually, by

these manmade churches of modern Christendom, there would be no necessity for a new dispensation, and to organize another church; but new cloth cannot be put on these old garments.

656 IMPROVEMENT ERA

As to who will be king of this new kingdom and the extent of his dominion, Daniel says: "I saw in the night visions, and behold one like the Son of man came in the clouds of heaven; and

came to the ancient of days; and they brought him near before

him; and there was given him dominion and glory and a kingdom

that all people, nations and languages should serve him; his dominion is an everlasting dominion which shall not pass away; and his

kingdom that shall not be destroyed."As to the power this kingdom will exercise, see Micah, fourth chapter: "And he shall judge

among many people and rebuke strong nations afar off, and they shall beat their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks, nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more; but they shall sit every man under

his vine and under his fig tree, and none shall make them afraid."

We see by this that instead of the Lord adopting the modern fallacy of preparing for war to secure peace, he will secure peace by taking away the means of war, every man will be protected in his political rights and also made secure in the rights of property.

He may build and inhabit his own house, and plant and eat the fruits of his own vineyard, he will also enjoy religious liberty as

Micah goes on to say, "for all people will walk every one in the name of his God; and we will walk in the name of the Lord our

God forever and ever."

But before the Lord comes and peace prevails, there will be trouble such as the world has not known. These great fleets and

big guns and terrible explosives will come into use; this universal

fostering of the martial spirit will bear fruit. We can't sow war

and reap peace. "War will be poured out on all nations"(Doc.

and Cov., sec. 87). "And it shall come to pass among the wicked,

that every man that will not take his sword against his neighbor must needs flee to Zion for safety, and there shall be gathered unto it out of every nation under heaven, and it shall be the only people that shall not be at war one with another"(Doc. and Cov.,

sec. 45).

After this great destruction among the wicked ''shall the sun of righteousness arise with healing in his wings."And the righteous will go forth and grow up as calves of the stall and the wicked

will be ashes under the soles of their feet"(Malachi 4).

PEACE. 657

This movement in the interest of peace is inspired of the Lord and should be encouraged by all. Let the Saints cultivate peace

in there hearts, in their homes, in their communities. Let them

labor and pray for peacn. Let the elders go unto all nations and

preach the gospel of peace, that the people may be ready to receive the Prince of Peace when he shall come to ''reign on Mount

Zion and in Jerusalem and before his ancients gloriously"(Isaiah

Then shall the earth lest a thousand years, and the hopes of the peacemakers be realized.

Mancos, Colo.

A Bit of the Wasatch Range, at Uintah, Utah.

PEOPLE AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT,

BY FRANK J. HEWLETT, DIRECTOR OF THE UTAH STATE FAIR AND

PRESIDENT OF HEWLETT BROS. COMPANY.

I.—AS THE GOOD SHIP SAILS FAR AWAY.

Not so very long ago a sturdy son of old Ireland, with his wife and family, anchored in New York. His first quest was

for employment, so he applied to the manager of a large manufacturing establishment. The manager asked him his name, which

he replied was Patrick Maloney. A few minor questions were

asked and answered satisfactorily:

''Let me see your references,"said the manager.

"And what is that,"asked Pat.

"Why a paper stating your habits, how long you were in your it is a certificate oflast situation, why you left, etc.—in fact

good character."

"All right, Sir, will have it here in a half hour."

Almost to the minute he returned with a clean sheet of paper neatly folded, and handed it to the manager, who read as follows:

"He is a hard working man. Has good habits. Does not use

liquor or tobacco. Was in his last place seven years, and left it

of his own accord to emigrate to America."

Signed "Patrick Maloney."

The man of business scratched his head, while a puzzled expression passed over his countenance, as he said, "Didn't you say your name was Patrick Malony?"

"Yes, Sir."

"I expected to find this paper signed by your last employer, also some of your neighbors and friends, who have known you for a considerable time."

PEOPLE AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 659

The reply was brief and direct to the point.

"What I see, I see. What I know, I know, and can't I tell the

truth about myself better than anyone else?"

The manager smiled at the unique reply. Suffice it to state

that the son of Erin obtained the situation.

With me it is a labor of love to contribute, the best I can, a few articles for the Era, and if at any time in depicting a few word pictures of people and places in the Orient, my pen—to use an

old phrase—should suddenly drop

from the sublime to the ridiculous,

I trust that you will forgive me and remember the words of my Irish friend.

Just imagine you are in San Francisco and rushing with a large concourse of people to the Pacific

Mail Docks, where the S. S. Siberia,

a fine ship of eighteen thousand tons, is chained to the pier, breathing like a thing of life, ready to sail across the Pacific.

There is something so fascinating about the sailing of a great steamer, that it has not failed to Frank J. Hewlett.

draw a crowd, every time, for the last century. People go to see friends off, ostensibly, but there

are thousand who go merely to see the ship off, for a great steamship is about the most majestic creation of man. That man can

take a mass of eighteen thousand or twentyeigth thousand tons of steel, loaded with rich freight and with hundreds of human lives, and just by the ringing of a bell, now and then, direct it out of port and across the sea, is a triumph so splendid that it is not a wonder that it is a perpetual attraction to the men on shore.

The fact that it is a mass as big as the ark which Noah built to save all the human beings who heeded his warning, and the living things necessary to replenish the earth after the deluge, also that.

660 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

the brains of two or three men are going to take it out to sea and that things are so closely figured that we can tell almost to an hour when she will reach port on the other side, is the charm which draws men. It is such a triumph of mind over matter that

they are never satiated with watching it.

It is sailing day. All the freight, except what is perishable

has been passed through a cavernlike opening in the liner's side.

The slings that yesterday carried flour, sewing machines, phonographs, and other products of Yankee industry, are now swinging from wharf to ship ladened with rugs, trunks, and suit cases plastered with labels of every color and description advertising hotels in every part of the civilized world.,

Every member of the crew, from the captain in his gold lace frockcoat with cap to match, to the humblest of the foreguards, is dressed in his Sunday best. The Chinese

servants, who look neat and clean in their blue shirtcoats, and silk skullcaps, with red tassels on the tops, are anxiWireless Telegraph Station,

Mount Tamalpais, Cal. ously awaiting the arrival of

the passengers to whom they will be "boy"for perhaps many weeks. The first English with

which vou are greeted, as he approaches with a smile, is: "What

room?"The decks are almost as white as snow and the paint and brasswork are mirrors reflecting the quality of the conscientious work performed. Clean canvas covers have converted the gangplank into a grand stairway. The State Room doors fastened wide

open, show the dainty comforts of the modern oceanbedroom.

The rooms are warmed by electric heaters arranged with a switch.

A passenger who wants a temperature of seventyfive degrees

Fahrenheit may occupy a room adjoining that of another who wishes only sixty degrees. Each room is also electrically lighted.

There are also electric reading lights in each berth, under direct eontrol of the occupant, and so arranged as not to disturb anyone

PEOPLE AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 661

who may be occupying the adjoining berth. A private telephone

is also installed connected directly with the central telephone office, which commands the entire ship.

Our small traps and steamer trunk safely stored away in room fortyfive, our large trunk: marked "not

wanted"packed in the baggage room, we are once more at liberty to take a trip around the decks.

It is only an hour before sailing time. The throngs

that crowd the liner's deck Marine Exchange Summit of Mt. Tamalare divided into groups, from pais, California.

each of which bubbles a stream of animated conversation. In the

center of each group are the travelers or party of travelers surrounded by friends or relatives as the case may be, who came to say goodbye, and who are pouring forth farewell advice, taking notes of parting requests, or sending messages to friends in some far land where the travelers expect to visit.

There is a sister pleading with a brother who is about to depart for Manila. You

can tell by his eyes and general appearance that he had Seal Rocks, San Francisco.

been "having a time"with friends the night before. You can hear her saying, "Oh, Tom,

please don't taste a drop while you are away. Promise now, it

will make us all so happy."A little further along the same deck

you hear from the lips of a pretty girl "Byebye Molly, remember all letters, no postals."Messenger boys rush up and down the

gangplank bearing flowers, boxes of chocolates and other remembrances from friends unable to participate in the goodbye ceremony.

Every table and desk in the writing and reception rooms is 662 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

occupied by men and women, writing frantically on letters that will be brought ashore and mailed by the pilot, who leaves the good ship when he has seen her safely on the bosom of the Pacific.

More passengers and their friends are arriving every minute. More

violets, carnations, and other flowers on which California has prided herself, are being strewn everywhere to perfume the gentle breeze that is wafted across the bay. The crowds on deck are fast getting packed together until the broad promenade is crowded from

rail to bulkhead.

Lune Point and the Golden Gate from Land's End, San Francisco, ShowiDg

U. S. Cruiser, 'California''going to sea.

Like a clap of thunder from a clear sky a gong is heard. All

know what that means. The noise begins on the lower deck and

travels with increasing volume until the Chinese gong beater sent forth to announce the approach of the sailing hour, has chimed his message into every ear. A few moments later there arises

above the still ringing echoes of the gong a voice that resembles the one belonging to the redwaisted speeler heard at the last

Utah State Fair.

all ashore.""Visitors all ashore—all ashore—

The incessant clanging of the gong brings all light and trivial matters to a close, while the earnest goodbyes are now in order.

The warning is constantly repeated, and many a bashful lover summons up the courage to kiss the lips on which before he only gazed, when her eyes seemed turned elsewhere. That gonginspired

PEOPLE AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 663

courage has brought many a long courtship to a successful close, for the deck is Cupid's own particular preserve, and the gong one of his methods of luring victims within range of his loveshaft

You may near the last words, "We will write every day and twice on Sundays."They are now scrambling by the score for the gangplank. One sweet little maid of fifteen with tears running down

her cheeks is making an almost futile attempt to force her way back to dear ones. You can hear her voice above the din, "I will

kiss you all before I go."

S. S. "Siberia,"upon which Mr. Hewlett sailed.

All are in the covered warehouse on the pier now. The hardhearted laborers are slamming the sliding doors, thus shutting out

the last view of the loved ones. Suddenly there is a rush for the

rear end where the last peep may be had. A dozen bluecoated

policemen follow them to keep order and avert accident. Handkerchiefs are waving, flowers thrown that drop into the water. At

the lower openings to the steerage Chinese are pelting rice, and prayers on bits of white paper.

A prancing team drawing a wagon at a furious rate, defying all warning signs "Walk you horses"rattles down the wharf.

The big Irish policeman at the last gangplank sings out, "Out thur way fur office mail. "Stevedores rush the bags and packages

into the ship. For a moment there is a lull. Watches are con664 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

suited. Two minutes more. A company official at the head of

the gangplank looks up at the bridge where the noble captain stands, waiting to assume the important work, that years of hard training have fitted him for, to take the big ship across the Pacific to Hongkong, China, and back through the Golden Gate to San

Francisco. You can tell by the expression on his face that he

fully realizes the responsibility placed upon him. He will be king

in a miniature kingdom. His word is as the written law, and in a

few days he may be loved or hated by his subjects.

The time is up. "Let her go,"is shouted through a megaphone. The big ropes that have held her to the shore for the last

few days splash into the water. Sounds from a bridge telegraph

are now heard, followed by a whirr of machinery and swish of water as the great propeller begins to churn. From the brass

throat of the siren comes a tremendous and prolonged blast. It

is the voice of the liner announcing to the big boats, gasoline launches and smaller craft, "Clear the way!"

That parting blast puts a final quietus on conversation between ship and shore. Men and women are sobbing, losing all

restraint over their feelings as the loved ones are slowly fading away. The liner gradually settles down into the deeper water

beyond the wharf. The men who loaded her watch with critical

eyes for indications as to whether her immense cargo and precious freight have been properly distributed or not. If they have, she

will have a much smoother voyage. The whistle toots again, this

time thrice by way of parting salute. Her ensign is dipped,and her

voyage to all appearance is begun. She glides gracefully along into

the stream for probably a thousand yards or more, then the machinery stops and the ship is brought to a standstill. A steam launch

is being loaded at the pier. The same bustle and confusion prevail again only on a smaller scale. It is the last chance for belated

passengers. Uncle Sam's mail bags that have been filledjat the

last moment, are tossed aboard. A covered wagon loaded down

with Chinese, rattles right to the end of the pier, and about two dozen of them, with their bags and baggage are fired, without ceremony into the hold of the little launch.

They are a mournful looking crowd, and no wonder, for their fondest hopes have been blasted. They are now for various reasPEOPLE AND PLACES IN THE ORIENT. 665

ons being returned to China by our government officials. The

fussy little tug puffing so hard you begin to think she will explode, is soon alongside the Pacific mailship. Her load deposited, once

more the machinery starts and the big vessel is now sailing with majestic gracefulness towards the "Land of the Rising Sun."

Field glasses are now being used, as she slowly heads through the Golden Gate. The historic Cliff House, burnt down a short

time ago, is now missed, but will soon be built up again on a larger and grander scale. The Seal Rocks are seen, which are

once more nearly covered with seals, and thereby hangs a true little tale. From out of the depths of wild waves and the roar of

stormtossed billows came the plaintive cry of scores of seals, returning to their old rocky home beneath the destroyed Cliff

House. After the destruction of that place the animals found

themselves driven from their haven, and wandered forth seeking other sections of the shore whereon they might find food and shelter. Recent storms, however, drove them from all parts of

the adjacent coast; and as if obeying concerted and impelling

forces, most, or all of them returned to their former home, on the rocks, beneath the ruins of the old Cliff House, where countless visitors fed and petted them in past days.

We next pass the old brick fort on the headland, the steep bluffs of Point Bonita, and the sharp volcanic outlines of Temalpais, forming landscape features of the Marine Peninsula to the north, all of which are scanned by the voyager with great interest.

They are soon left behind, as the good ship Siberia moves westward over the ocean, past the Farallone islands.

A little fellow standing near me waved his cap, and opened the valve of pent up enthusiasm, as he realized the trip across the

Pacafic had now commenced in dead earnest, and shouted, "Hurrah for Hongkong'"

San Francisco, Cal.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

DEVOTION TO THE CAUSE OF ZION.

President Joseph F. Smith expressed his feelings of gratitude

to the Lord in the following words, in his opening speech to the great assembly of Latterday Saints at the first meeting of the annual conference of the Church, April 4:

I thank the Lord for all his mercies and loving kindness toward all his people, and, for that matter, for his continued mercy and kindness unto all men. I am very grateful that we have the

privilege of meeting together this morning under so favorable circumstances, possessing, as we seem to do, many, if not all, of the blessings of life, health and strength, peace and the desire in our hearts to honor the Lord by our presence, manifesting our faith by gathering here on this occasion.

This is a witness of our devotion to the cause of Zion. My

heart is full of gratitude to the Lord and of love for the Latterday Saints and for the Church of Jesus Christ throughout all the world. To me there is nothing in life that can compare with the

great work that the Lord is doing in the midst of the children of men in these latterdays. While it may be said, and it is in a

measure true, that we are but a handful in comparison to our fellow men in the world, yet we may be compared with the leaven of which the Savior spoke, that will eventually leaven the whole world. We have ample assurance of the fulfilment of this thought

in the growth and development of the cause from its incipiency until the present, for it has steadily and increasingly progressed and developed in the earth from a mere half dozen of men seventynine years ago until today the members of the Church may be numbered by the hundreds of thousands. We have passed through

the stages of infancy, of irresponsible childhood, and are indeed approaching the condition of manhood and womanhood in our experience in the gospel of Jesus Christ and in all the conditions incident to, and that are connected with, the growth of the

EDITOR'S TABLE. 667

Church and the people of God, thus far in the cause of Zion, and also the necessity the people of God are under to uphold and sustain principles of righteousness and of truth against all the prejudices of the world, as well as against their own prejudices, and individual likes and dislikes and preferences. We are learning

the great truth that man is insignificant in his individuality in comparison with the mighty cause which involves the salvation of the children of men, living and dead, and those who will yet live in the earth. Men must set aside their own prejudices, theiown

personal desires, wishes and preferences, and pay deference to the great cause of truth that is spreading abroad in the world.

To my mind there is nothing at all in the world so great and so glorious as the work that the Lord Almighty is doing in these latter days, and I feel grateful that I have been permitted as an individual to take part, in a humble way, in helping to promote the interests of Zion and to spread its cause abroad in the world, from the days of my youth until now. I sincerely hope and pray

that 1 may be able to endure faithful throughout the remaining portion of my life. I have lived too long to think of faltering in

the least now. I have put my hand to the plow, and it is too late

to turn or to look back: and for that matter, there has never appeared to me to be any reason at all why I should look back, or

why I should slacken my efforts or my earnest desire to spread the cause of truth and to help to build up Zion. Everything has

pointed to the justness and righteousness of the cause and made my duty clear to me assuring me of my advancement and growth in knowledge and understanding by pursuing the course that I still intend to pursue, by the help of God, to the end. I see nothing

to lose by following this course, but I think I can see that everything is to be gained by it. I am determined, therefore, to go

on and continue as faithful as I can be to my duty, to the trusts

I want tothat are imposed in me. As far as it lies in my power,

be faithful to the work of the Lord, that at last I may be able to give an account of my life and stewardship that will at least be acceptable to the Great Judge of the quick and the dead.

As it has been said many times in the past, "I am for the kingdom of God or nothing."Zion first and foremost. Seek first

the kingdom of God and his righteousness, that all other things may be added in the due time of the Lord, and in accordance with 668 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

his pleasure. These are principles that should pervade the minds

and hearts of all the Latterday Saints. We should have gained

sufficient experience by this time to realize that no man, no individual, no clique and no secret organization can combine with force and power sufficient to overturn the purposes of the

Almighty, or to change the course of his work: Many and many

an individual has arisen in times past; and these individuals have

been falsely impressed with the idea that they were going to work a wonderful reformation in the Church; they anticipated that in a

very short time the whole people would desert their standard, the standard of truth to which they had gathered and around which they had rallied from the beginning of the Church until then.

These persons thought the people would follow these "new shepherds,"but the people of God know the voice of the true shepherd, and the stranger's voice they will not heed, nor the counsels of him who assumes authority that does not belong to him. None

such will they ever follow. *

The Latterday Saints know the spirit of the gospel; they

understand the spirit of truth. They have learned their duty, and

they will stand by the truth no matter what may come. From

the beginning until now, we have had to face the entire world;

and the whole world, comparatively, is or has been arrayed against the work of the Lord, not all on account of hatred, not solely with the intent or desire in their hearts to do evil or to fight the truth but because they were ignorant of the truth, and. because they

knew not what they were doing. Many are deceived by the voice

of the false shepherds and are misled by false influences. They

are deceived; they know not the truth; they understand not what

they do, and, therefore, they are arrayed, as it were, against the truth, against the work of the Lord, so it has been from the beginning. From the day that the Prophet Joseph Smith first declared his vision until now; the enemy of all righteousness, the

enemy of truth, of virtue, of honor, uprightness and purity of life; the enemy of the only true God, the enemy to direct revelation from God and to the inspirations that come from the heavens

to man, has been arrayed against this work. You have never

found the friend to righteousness, the friend to revelation, the friend to God, the friend to truth, the friend to righteous living and purity of life, or he who is devoted to righteousness and is

EDITOR'S TABLE. 669

broad enough to comprehend truth from error and light from darkness—I say you have never found such as these arrayed against

the cause of Zion. To be arrayed against the cause of Zion is to

be arrayed against God, against revelation from God, against the

Spirit that leads men into all truth that cometh frGm the source of light and intelligence, against the principle that brings men together and causes them to forsake their sins, to seek righteousness; to love God witn all their hearts, mind and strength and to

love their neighbors as themselves.

The spirit of the gospel leads men to righteousness; to love

their fellowmen and to labor for their salvation and exaltation; it

inspires them to do good and not evil, to avoid even the appearance of sin, much more to avoid sin itself. This is indeed the

spirit of the gospel, which is the spirit of this latterday work;

and also the spirit that possesses those who have embraced it, and the aim and purpose of this work is the salvation, the exaltation and the eternal happiness of man both in this life and the life to come. Will any man, or any set of men who really love

righteousness, love God, love purity of life, and who are seeking for the truth, I ask, will such men array themselves against the work whose very object is that which they themselves seek?

Those who fight against Zion or against the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints are fighting against God: against his

truth; against light and knowledge and revelation from the heavens to man, which we know man ha's received of God in the day in

which we live. What shall we do? Our plain duty—so plain that

none should misunderstand it, none can misunderstand it, unless they allow their prejudice and weaknesses to prevail over their better judgment; our plain duty is to live in the spirit of forgiveness,

in the spirit of humility before the Lord, in the love of the truth more than the love of ourselves and our personal interests.

The Lord told the young man who loved the world, that if he desired to be perfect, he should sell all that he had and give it to the poor, then, said the Lord, "Come and follow me."This may

be a very simple manner of expression, but there is a great deal of truth in it; there is an essential principle involved in it. It is

the putting of that which is sacred and divine, that which makes for the peace and happiness of the souls of men, before our riches, before all our earthly honors and possessions. The Lord

670 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

Almighty requires this of the Latterday Saints, and every man and woman who has embraced the gospel ought to feel in his and in her heart today, and in their souls always that "whatever the

Lord require bh of me, that will I do, "or that will I give, no matter what it is. To a certain extent we have reached that point, to

the extent at least that we can forego the pleasures of home, the opportunity of making means, of devoting our time to labors and industries that bring great profit to us. We aie willing to

leave these things and for years consecrate our time and our efforts to the preaching of the gospel to the nations of the earth'and remain preclaiming the gospel in the world until it shall be said to us, "It is enough,"and we receive an honorable release to return to our hom a s. This is, of course, a step in the right direction. Many of us can do this and many are doing it from time to

time. Occasionally we come across an individual who thinks he

could not do it. He thinks he could not sacrifice his home interests, and the profits of his business, which need his personal attention. He thinks he could not leave these interests to go out into

the world to preach the gospel, and he asks to be excused from being called to such labor as this. I fear that in such cases, if he

were called upon to make a sacrifice of a portion of that which he possessed of a worldly character for the building up of Zion, or for the spread of truth, or for the defense of the people of God, that he would be wanting in his willingness to comply with such requirements also.

For my own part, I would like to so live that with open heart and mind, before God and all men, that if I were required to go to the ends of the earth and remain there proclaiming the gospel of Christ, I would be willing to do it; or if I were asked to give

up what I possess in the world, for the building up of Zion, for some special necessary purpose, for advancing the cause of Zion in the world, that I would be prepared and ready to say, Father, here is all I have; I place it upon the altar freely and give it for the

benefit of thy kingdom upon the earth and for the advancement of thy cause. I would like to live so that this would indeed be my

determination and that I would be able, if the requirement were made, to carry it out not only without regret but with pleasure.

I want to live so that no matter whatBut this I earnestly desire—

EDITORS TABLE. 671

any other man in the world may do, or say, and so far as I am concerned, there is but this one thing for me to do, and that is to be true to t'ue covenants that I have made with my God and my brethren to stand firm and steadfast for the advancement of Zion and for the building up of the kingdom of God in the earth. I

want to so live that I can have in me the spirit and determination to forgive my brother his trespasses, as I would desire him to forgive my trespasses against him.

We should all live so that the spirit of reconciliation, the spirit of peace, the spirit of love and of union may arise above the passions and feelings of anger and resentment that may be aroused in the hearts of men, inconsequence of circumstances which might arise from time to time. Our lives should be such that these

worldly things may sink into insignificance, and that the love of

God in the hearts of brethren might rise above all other things, no matter what conditions or circumstances may be brought to bear upon us to provoke or wound our feelings.

There is no salvation but in the way God has pointed out.

There is no hope of everlasting life but through obedience to the law that has been affixed by the Father of Life, "with Him there is no variableness nor shadow of turning;"and there is no other

way by which we may obtain that light and that exaltation. These

matters are beyond peradventure, beyond all doubt in my mind; I

know them to be true. Therefore, I bear my testimony to you,

my brethren and sisters, that the Lord God Omnipotent reigneth, that he lives and that his son lives, even he who died for ihe sins of the world, and that he rose from the dead; that he sits upon

the right hand of the Father; that all power is given unto him;

that we are directed to call upon God in the name of Jesus Christ.

We are told that we should remember him in our homes, keep his holy name fresh in our minds, and revere him in our hearts; we

to day, and,should call upon him from time to time,—from day

in fact, every moment of our lives, we should live so that the desires of our hearts will be a prayer unto God for righteousness, for truth and for the salvation of the human family. Let us guard

ourselves so that there may not come into our souls a single drop of bitterness by which our whole being might be corroded and poisoned with anger, with hatred, envy or malice, or any sort of.

672 1MPR VEMENT ERA

evil. We should be free from, all these evil things, that we may

be filled with the love of God, the love of truth, the love of our fellow men, that we may seek to do good to all men, all the days of our lives, and above all things, be true to our covenants in the gospel of Jesus Christ.

I know that this is Christ's Church. I know that the principles we have received are true, as far as I have been able to

comprehend them. I need not enter into a lengthy talk or discourse in relation to these principles, for you are "familiar with

them; but I do know that every principle of the gospel of Jesus

Christ, that has been revealed through Joseph Smith the prophet in these last days is of God and is true, and will stand for ever that is, on its merit, as to its truth, it can never be overthrown.

I know this with all my being. God has made me doubly assured

by the presence and influence of his Spirit, and by the inspiration awakened in my soul to love that which is good and to desire to forsake that which is evil.

I know, too, that the Lord Almighty will accomplish his purposes, no matter about me, no matter what individuals may do, or scores of individuals, for that matter, or hundreds of them, or perchance thousands of them that may turn away from the truth, or who may fall by the way, stumbling over their own weaknesses as a result of the little strifes and bitternesses that arise in their hearts, one against another. Hundreds of thousands may fall by

the way, but the kingdom of God will never fall. The work of the

Lord will never stop, nor cease, for God has decreed that it shall continue to progress in the earth until his purposes are accomplished. This being true, no power beneath the celestial kingdom

can hinder its progress. It can't be done, for God has decreed

it. I see in the progress of this Latterday work, from its incepdivine provition, that mighty irresistible power,—that wonderful

dence that makes for righteousness and for truth and for the adin and under and allvancement of the cause of Zion,—working

around this Church, until it has brought the Church to where it is.

That same power will become stronger and stronger and will work with greater rapidity and greater impetus in the future than it has done in the past, in proportion to the growth and development of the faith and knowledge and fidelity of the people of God in the

EDITORS TABLE. 673

earth. The kingdom of God and the work of the Lord will spread

more and more; it will progress more rapidly in the world in the

future than it has done in the past. The Lord has said it, and the

Spirit beareth record; and I bear my testimony to this, for I do

know that it is true.

We believe in righteousness. We believe in all truth, no matter to what subject it may refer. No sect or religious denomination in the world possesses a single principle of truth that we do

not accept or that we will reject. We are willing to receive all

truth, from whatever source it may come; for truth will stand;

truth will endure. No man's faith, no man's religion, no religious

organization in all the world, can ever rise above the truth. The

truth must be at the foundation of religion, or it is in vain and it will fail of its purpose. I say that the truth is at the foundation,

it permeates this great work of theat the bottom and top of—and

Lord that was established through the instrumentality of Joseph

Smith, the prophet. God is with it; it is his work, not that of

man; and it will succeed, no matter what the opposition may be.

We look now at the opposition arrayed against the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, and smile, so to speak, with feelings of confidence, doubly assured by the experience of the past, in comparison to the feelings that possessed the souls of our fathers and mothers in the early days of the Church, when they were but a handful, with all the world arrayed against them; just a few

poor, homeless people, driven from their possessions, cast out from the communities in which they sought to establish themselves and build their homes. When I think of our people, thrust into

the wilderness, wandering and seeking for a place where the soles of their feet might rest, and to see, then, the world arrayed against them, and to think of the little chance that appeared before them for success and the accomplishment of God's purposes,

I wonder that more of them did not tremble and falter than did;

but some of them were true in the midst of it all, even unto death.

If it had been necessary for them to have been martyred for the truth, willingly would they have given their lives, as they gave all else that they possessed in the world, for the knowledge they had of the divinity of the work in which they were engaged. Are we

as faithful today? Are we as devout as our fathers were? Oh,

.

674 IMPR YEMENTIERA

may God help me to be as true as they were! Help me to stand as

they stood, upon the pedestal of eternal truth, that no power on earth, nor in hell, may remove me from that foundation. This is

my prayer to the Lord, for my own sake, and it is my prayer to him for every Latterday Saint throughout the length and breadth of the world. God bless you my brethren and sisters. May he

continue to prosper us, and help us to increase in righteousness and faith, in union, and in love, one for another and for God our

Father, and for our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, to whom we owe the hope and promise of redemption from death, and from the power of endless banishment from the presence of God. This is

my prayer for you, my brethren and sisters, in the name of Jesus.

Amen.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

Elder Andrew Jenson, president of the Scandinavian mission, writes from Aalborg, Denmark, April 14, where he was attending conference in the new building of the Latterday Saints in that city, a cut of which is presented herewith. He says

that the elders in that mission are baptizing quite a number of converts and that they are I hopefuldent Jensonfor theappearsfuture.to be enjoyPresi-

ing his labors very much and states that the elders in that mission read the Era with great * m&- -"jjaf interest. He promises an illustrated article shortly for our

magazine.

President John C. Larson,

Jr., of the Manchester conferLatter-day Saints'Meetinghouse, Aalborg, ence, in a letter dated Hyde,

Denmark.

Cheshire, England, April 16, says: "I enclose a brief account of a new meetinghouse we have been building in

the city of Oldham. We have a good, thrifty branch of the Church there, with

EDITOR'S TABLE. 675

a good Sunday school and Mutual

Improvement Association doing active work the year around.

They were meeting in a hired hall, neither a fit place to worship the Lord in nor a desirable locality, so the elders and Saints decided to work to get a meeting house of their own. To this

end they began holding socials and parties to raise money, and were very successful, for in less than a year they had raised over thirty pounds. A mission

room was offered for sale very cheap which they very much wanted, but didn't have enough money to buy, so they applied to President Penrose for aid. He

helped them by securing from the First Presidency of the Church forty pounds, the purchase price, so the building was purchased. Four elders started Elders Frank B. Meads, Charles D.

Spence, W. S. Glenn and William Glenn at to work removing the building

work on the Church at Oldham. to the acquired site in another

Interior of the Church in'Oldham as it appeared on the day of dedication.

676 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

part of the city. Extra elders

were called to work from time to time until all had helped. It

elicited quite a comment to have the elders in working clothes bustling about early and late digging trenches, wheeling cement, laying brick, carrying timber from the lumber yard to save expense, putting up the frame work, and finally finishing and painting the house.

First the people laughed at us, but before it was finished, they began to say that the "Mormon"preachers were all right, and treated us very nicely, especially those with whom we had business. They loaned us scaffolding, timber and tools, thus saving us this expense. One lady

supplied us with water which saved us tbe cost of piping water to the building. Our greatest

obstacle was getting a satisfac-

A number of Saints and Elders cleaning and tory lease for the land, but that decorating the chapel at Oldham, England on the b attie waa fought and won by day before opening. President Penrose. We reluctantly applied to him for more money—reluctantly because he had already given

us more than we asked for. He responded with the needed fifteen pounds thus

enabling us to finish the building. On the 27th of March the Saints gave a very

successful and pleasant party, both socially and financially. On the 28th we

held three meetings attended by many people and by President and Sister Penrose, the conference president and twentytwo traveling elders. At the evening meetin? there were present two hundred and twentyfive people, and many were

turned away. We had a spiritual feast, and were taught the gospel in plainness

and power. In the afternoon President Penrose dedicated the house to the Lord

as a place of worship. The building cost, not counting labor, one hundred and

ten pounds, is lighted with gas and contains a hot water heating plant. The body

of the hall is twentyfour by thirtytwo feet. The stage is eight by twentyfour

feet, and back of the stage are two classrooms ten by twelve feet each. It is built

on a cement and brick foundation, of corrugated iron outside, and matched lumber on the inside, and is well painted."

EDITOR'S TABLE. 677

**..*# *# V

Elders of the Manchester Conference in front of the new Church at Oldham.

Top row: T. W. Duce, D. L. Pugh, S. B. Wallace (local), C D. Spence, A.

A. Atkinson.

Second row: A. Manwaring, C. A. Duke, N. F. Bullen, J. McMurdie, W. A.

Langton, C. W. Gibbs, J. L. Barrow, W. S. Glenn, Jno. E. Layne, J. E. Burns,

J. H. Bankhead.

Front row: L. G. Taylor, N. Doane, Rob't Blaine, Frank B. Meads, President C. W. Penrose, Sister R. B. Penrose, Conference President J. C. Larsen,

Jr., Wm. Glenn, J. F. Evans, Jas. Walker.

illMU wi MlNlNS *">KiJrAS?tmRS R, e6 UilHHl

Copyright, igog, by Romains Photo Co.

Mining and Manufacturers Buildings, AlaskaYucon Pacific Exposition, Seattle.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE.

Continuing Elders'Quorum Meetings During the Summer.—It is,

of course, desirable that all the Priesthood Quorums shall coatinue their regular weekly meetings during the allotted season. This applies not especially to any

one quorum, but to all of the quorums of the Priesthood. But particularly is it

necessary that the elders should meet regularly during the summer to study the lessons assigned to them, for the reason that they received such a late start on account of the difficulty of obtaining manuals, These Elders'quorums missed much of the very important Book of Mormon study in the early lessons outlined for them. The New Witness for God being now printed, text books are not now lacking to enable them to properly handle their lessons. It would be very regretable

to have these lessons neglected because of the unfortunate delay. They are of

great value to those who study them and of inestimable benefit to defenders and students of the sacred record—the Book of Mormon—so important that no elder

can afford to miss the facts and arguments therein set forth. Every effort should

therefore be made to keep the classes unimpaired and to induce the membership to finish the assigned lessons prior to the opening of the next season's work in

January, when new courses of study will be provided.

Approve the High Priests'Course.—Elder Freeman A. Allred, secretary of

the High Priests'meeting of Spring City, Utah, writes under date of April 30th:

''The High Priests of this ward have authorized me to express their approval of the present regulations of the Priesthood. They are very grateful to be placed

upon a progressive order of study and class work, feeling that much good can be accomplished by the course of study outlined, and also realizing that men cannot be saved in ignorance. Thanks be to the Lord that we now may be instructed

more perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, and in the law of the gospel. We

wish every success in this study for the members of the Priesthood."

MUTUAL WORK.

ANNUAL Y. M. AND Y. L. M. I. A. CONFERENCEThe Fourteenth General Annual Conference of the Young Men's and Young

Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints will be held in Salt Lake City, Saturday and Sunday, June 5, and 6, 1909.

All officers and members of the associations are requested to be present at all of the meetings of the conference, and a cordial invitation is hereby extended to the Saints generally, to attend the meetings to be held in the Tabernacle on

Sunday, June 6, at 10 a. m. and at 2 and 7 p. m.

Joseph F. Smith, Martha H. Tingey,

Heber J. Grant, Ruth M. Fox,

B. H. Roberts, Mae T. Nystrom,

General Supt'cy Y. M. M. I. A. Presidency Y. L. M. I. A.

MARICOPA MUTUALS.

The annual conference was held in Mesa, April 25. An officers'meeting in

the morning, and general meetings at 2 and 8 p. m. Leroy C. Snow attended

for the General Board. Supt. M. A. Stewart had this "M. I. A. Battle Cry"on

the neatly printed programs

Today life's battle's raging;

Enlist and fight today!

Today put on it's armor;

Help hold the right of way Life may be gone tomorrow, Obey it's call today.

SHEFFIELD M. I. A.

John C. Hall, president of the M. I. A. of Sheffield, England, writes, April

24, 1909: "I would like to report that our Mutual Improvement Association is

doing a good work. Since it was organized, October 23, 1908, we have held

680 1MPROVEMEN1 ERA.

twentyfour meetings and one social gathering. We have completed the Junior

Manual for 19081909 and are taking up the Manual for 19011902, "Principles of the Gospel."I think this will be of great benefit to the Saints and elders in

learning more fully the fundamental principles of the gospel. Our average attendance is twentyfive, and we expect to hold meetings all summer. We hope

to see a great improvement in the Saints by the time we complete the Manual we are studying at present."

SOCIAL.

The Mutual Improvement Association of the Halifax branch (Leeds conference) gave a very enjoyable concert on the 3rd inst. There were about one hundred and twenty people present, many of whom are not members of the Church.

The program delighted the entire assembly, and the concert was pronounced the best ever held in connection with the branch. The proceeds will be used for the

purchase of books, etc. Millennial Star.

'THE LAND OF THE PROPHET'S NATIVITY."

Elder Junius F. Wells, well known among the young people as the pioneer

worker in the Mutual Improvement Association, and the originator and promoter of the Joseph Smith Memorial Monument, in Vermont, has entertained over 15,000 people in Utah in the various stakes of Zion, with his lecture on "The

Land of the Prophet's Nativity."The lecture given with steroptican views artistically presented by C E. Johnson, is one of the most delightful and faithpromot-

ing it has ever been the lot of the writer to hear. Elder Wells gives a thrilling

account of the building of the Joseph Smith Memorial Monument, under the very adverse circumstances encountered in this remarkable enterprise; and with the

splendid views of the country he repeats a fascinating history of the land of the

Prophet's birth, as well as sketches of his ancestors, and personal bits of incident and biography that captivate and instruct the hearers while they bring them nearer to the Prophet and make him dearer to their hearts. It is safe to say that

no lecture, given in recent times to the young people, has produced more delight and been more edifying and instructive than this one by Elder Wells. It was first

delivered in February, in Whitney Hall, Salt Lake, to about 1,100 people; then on

the 7th of March, inOgden; on the 11th, at Provo; Brigham City on the 12th;Logan

on the 14th; Mt. Pleasant on the 16th; Manti on the 17th; Richfield on the 18th; and

Forest Dale on the 28th. It was repeated again at Payson on the 9th of May, to

a large congregation, and inquiries have come from Mexico and Arizona and many of the unvisited stakes of Zion to have it delivered, but Elder Wells has found it impossible to comply with their requests for the present.

Regenerated The Peoples PlaygroundWandamere

J5 O

c a.

THIS SEASON MORE BEAUTIFUL THAN EVER.

The fifty odd acres which comprise the resort, have been equipped with every device that ingenuity can suggest to make of Wandamere the "Dreamland"of the West. Booking excursions now.

ED. McLELLHIVD, Manager,

Salt Lake City. 30 Main Street,....

ROUND TRIP

$30.00 TO CALIFORNIA

JUNE 1-2, JUNE 24th TO JULY JOth

FINAL LIMIT OCT. 31st

Tickets on sale all stations in Utah

TRIPS LOW EASTERN ROUND 4-5-1112-1626, JULY 2-3-2324 JUNE

FINAL LIMIT OCT. 31st

Tickets on sale all stations except Salt Lake City

For full information write to KENNETH C. KERR,

District Passenger Agent Salt Lake City.

Also rates for June Conference.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Busts Joseph Smith Brieham Young:

your children the history TEACH of the Church, while they are looking at the prophets. Have

models before you and make the lesson more impressive. We have the

finest busts ever made of the Prophets

Joseph Smith and Brigham Young. The

highest recommendations from members of the families. Susa Young Gates, Zina

Y. Card and other prominent members

have ordered from us and recommend them

highly.

A pair of these in your home will cause you and your family to honor and respect these men whom God has honored. These

are made out of a composition that can be

tall. Satiswashed. They are 8f inches

faction guaranteed or money refunded.

Over 500 pairs sold In two weeks.

Greatest work of its kind ever performed in Utah. Prices, $2.50 per pair, express

paid anywhere in the United States.

Agents wanted everywhere, returned

Elders preferable. Liberal commissions

to right parties.

While in the city for the mutual conference make our office your headquarters.

SALT LAKE SCULPTURAL & DECORATIVE COMPANY 106 East Second South Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

"BROWNING'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun "Kir

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, "in the hands of an amateur, that won the "ecent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and fieldSend for our 150 page catalog; It is free. We hare "Everything for

Eirery Sport in Every Season."

- Ogden, Utah,BROWNING BROS. CO..

OUR INLAND SEA

The Story of q Homestead 13V ALrBED LHMBOURNE?\ Utah Subject A Utah Author. A Utah Product.

Artistic, Literarv, Descriptive, Naturalistic, Philosophic.

Printed on fine deckleedae art paper. Interesting,

Instructive. A beautiful present or souvenir.

THE WONDEREUL"BODY OF WATER DESCRIBED—Its Storms, Its calms,

. Its glorious sunsets, Its islands and Its shores

THE LIFE OF THE GULLS'—The bircl endeared to the hearts ot the people

of Utah.

SeiUPv mail, postage prepaid, on receipt of price. $2 50

As a special inducement to those who subscribe for the EDA we will mall It, price - - - - $2.00

IMPROVEMENT ERA, 214 Tempieton Building, Salt LaheCitv.

A (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Spring: Suits for Hen, Boys

fl. I.and Children at Z. C.

display. Every We never had a nicer

suit shows the unmistakable hand fashioning of mastertailors and is correct down to the minutest details of fashion, fabric, finish and fit. Prices range from

$15. 00 to $UO. 00

Every new shape in stiff and soft Hats in clack and the correct spring line shades—splendid

of Men's Furnishings.

Planet Jr.

A practical farmer wanted bigger crops with less labor—and he invented the

Planet Jr. It did better work and saved twothirds his time. Now he makes Planet Jr. No. 25

Seeders, WheelHoes and Cultivators for two million farmers and gardeners. Planet Jrs. do the work

of three to six men. Strong and substantially built.

Made to last and fully guaranteed.

and Plow combines almost every useful handgarden tool in one strong, light, easyrunning, simply adjusted implement—

opens the furrow, sows the seed in drills or hills 4 to 24 inches apart, covers, rolls down and marks out the next row. Does

thorough work as a double or single wheel hoe. cultivator and

plow. from the row. A splendid furrower. coverer, hiller and

horse hoe. Unequalled as a cultivator.

Come and see the different Planet Jr. implements

and let us explain their advantages.

If you cannot come write us for catalogue and prices.

Exclusive Agents in Utah and Idaho.

Consolidated Wagon & Hachine Co.

JOSEPH F. sniTH, Prest. GEO. T ODELL, Gen'l M'gr.

When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)