ffi!tfv'VVMtgfM&m

IWHJWWWHII I..I.J.HU.

Western Civilization

ANDREW JENSON Stories of Pioneer Trail A. WILLIAM LUND

Liberty Jail B. H. ROBERTS

A Pioneer Tourist dave rust Graveyard of Distant Era frank beckwith Story—Way of a Maid With a Man

linda s. fletcher

,JUV-;v: -. J.- iv.- -.:/,;..::. '.WVO

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL SUMMER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $40.00

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $47.50

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY MAY 15TH TO SEPT. 30TH

FINAL RETURN LIMIT OCT. 31ST

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

Garments LDjJ

at prices direct from factory to you For Ladies By ordering garments direct, For Men you save agent's commission No. 81—Flat thus and get better quality.95 9 Weave for less 92—Ribbed money. Order by No. $1.25 No. Light 82—Ribbed Wgt number and send meas- 1.25 Lt. Wgt ure, height and No. weight—webust 93—Ribbed No. 83—Fine fit. guarantee the 1.50 Fine.... Extra CotQuality

1.50 ton No. Specify 925—Med. OLD or NEW style. No. 862—Fine Light Light Wgt 1.75 weights usually made

Mercerized with short sleeves and I legs, No. Lisle 97—Med. 1.95 according to pattern. Temple Silk Wgt. No. weights Heavy regularly 822—Silk made 1.95 Stripe Stripe Med. sleeves with long and long Wgt 1.50 legs. Garments marked, 15c No. 975—Med. No. pair extra. a 821—Extra prepay Heavy Wgt... 1.75 We Silk Fine postage to of all parts U. S. Stripe 1.95 So. 9107—Wool No. 826—Fine Samples on Request and Cotton Rayon Silk.... 2.95 Mixture 4.00

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE 70 Main St., Salt Lake City

"Oldest Knitting Store In Utah"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry, Silverware

66 BOYD PARK Years JEWELERS y/

BOYD PARK BLDG 166 MAIN STRT Salt Lake City, Utah Fine watch and jewelry repairing—service by mail

Famous for Wedding Rings

Impossible. The Boss: "Robert, I hope

you try to save half of what you earn."

Office Boy: "I don't—Bostonget that much,Globe.sir."

Fond Fatherin-law: "How would you ZCMJ. UNIT SET CYCLORAMA STAGE. JiWARD

like a cow for a wedding present?"

Bride (Just from the City): "Oh, a cow We Specialize in making up

would give more milk than two would need.

A calf would be about right."Stage Curtains and

Draperies Modern and up to the Minute.

Oh, That's Different. Head of the House

Our work shop is equipped with the very (in angry tone): "Who told you to put

that paper on the wall?"latest appliances.

Decorator: "Your wife, sir."Call at Z. C. M. I. Head of the House: "Pretty, isn't it?"

Drapery Department Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

FREE OF CHARGE

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

'Where the Fire Burns'21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MISKIN SCRAPERS

EASY, * 7 TF\f TO FOR ("\ /TrJL/ HANDLE HORSES /Jhhssbi EASY %j-'v - v OR 'TO ""gMB TRACTOR 75 sjj-y PULL 3

WEEDS GROW UP ALL AROUND ALL OTHER SCRAPERS WHERE

THE MISKIN IS KNOWN Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN POSSIBLY BE MADE

AT THIS TIME, as it is well known that a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to irrigate and less lahor and time to produce an even distribution of crops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is

with a Miskin Scraper.

WRITE FOR CATALOG

Manufactured only by MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO

Does Advertising Pay? "Mom,"said little Missionaries and

Willie, bursting into the house all out of breath, "there's going to be trouble down Studentsat the grocer's. His wife has got a baby

girl and he's had a 'Boy Wanted.'sign in Our Offer Saves You Money

his window for a week."Mountain States

If you wish to get dependable suppliesMonitor.

at a real saving, call or write for the special offer we make you. The prices will

be much lower than you expect, the quality, just what you want. Our WATCHES,

That FellowFeeling. To drive home the BRIEF CASES, TRUNKS, SUIT CASES,

lesson which was on charity and kindness, KODAKS, FOUNTAIN PENS and other supplies have been carefully selected tothe teacher said:

meet your requirements. Missionaries or

"Robert, if I saw a man beating a donkey students who have dealt with us will and stopped him from doing so, what virtue tell you about our service.

would I be showing?"

"Brotherly love,"said Bobby, promptly.

: Not Concurrent. Lecturer (to audience)

"Now, girls, yo should work eight hours, (Siegel Co.) the same not eight Jewelryand sleep hours,—but 76 EAST 2nd SOUTH STREET States Monitor. Mountaineight hours."

Dependable Service for 24 Years

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *IMPROVEMENT ERA JULY, 1928 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor MELVIN J. BALLARD, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Primary Association Pageant at U. of U. Stadium - - Frontispiece

SEGO LILY. A POEM - - Alice Morrill 71]

Founders oe Western Civilization - Andrew Jenson 711

Salt Lake City Today Charles H. Fitz 730

Stories of the Pioneer Trail. Illlustrated - A. William Lund 731

"Mormonism"Survives Liberty Jail - B. H. Roberts 740

Saved Through Inspiration - LeRoi C. Snow 743

LONELINESS. A POEM Margery Warfield 74 3

New Priesthood- M. I. A. Plan - - - Melvin J. Ballard 744

H. SLOGAN Brimhall 746THE -Dr. George...- Martineau 747 POEMA PRAYER. May D.

THE CHOICE BEFORE Us - - - - Kemmie Bagley 748

Real Joy. A Poem - Alice Morrill 751.... Dave Rust 752A Pioneer Tourist

-The Neglected Grave of-..-..a "Mormon"Pioneer. A Poem

Frank C. Steele 757

A Graveyard of a Distant Era - - Frank Beckwith 75 8

Bryce Canyon. A Poem - C. A. Russell 76 3

- Linda S. Fletcher 764The Way of a Maid With a Man. A Story

A TRAGEDY OF THE DESERT - - - James H. Martineau 771

Retrospection -. Hector Lee 771... John A. Watts 774A TRIBUTE -

The Tides of Life. A Poem - Helen Kimball Or gill 775

An Indian War Averted - c. L. Christensen 776...The Unchanging Christ Ralph P. Smith 780.... 788The Book of Life -Messages from the Missions. Illustrated...- - 782Editors'Table—Liberty Under the Law 789

The June Conference - - 790...- - 791Priesthood Quorums - - - - - -

Mutual Work - - - - - - - - - 801

Passing Events - - - - - - - - -806

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

S ANNOUNCEMENTS v*- "\

The August number of the Era will be friends; but when it is said that it was

largely an outof-door number. Articles the largest gathering of our Church ever

and pictures relating to scouting and to held in Austria; that the newspapers gave

Fathers and Sons'outings are being much space to the "Mormon"question;

prepared, and an account will be given that most of them spoke in very favorable sihowing what "Mormon"athletes have terms of what they are doing; that an araccomplished during recent years. We ticle on the subject, written by the disthink these will be something which will trict president, was printed without any

arouse the interest of every redblooded change, the interest grows. But even yet,

youth, and we believe also that they will it is hardly a worthwhile message. Howbe no less interesting to our older readers. ever, a number of important lessons were

taught. The following is one of them:

Pictures of some of the winning conAt the hotel where some of the Church testants at the recent M. I. A. conference, visitors were stopping was a young woman

together with explanations, will also apabout twenty years of age. She smoked

pear in our next issue. These will be incessantly in the writing room, much to

printed with the desire to spur others on the annoyance of the others present. One

to enter subsequent contests and thereby of the missionaries remarked that she gain the development which friendly comwould smoke herself into an early grave, petition gives. and the sooner she did so the better it

would be for the world. Sister Rose

The new Priesthood plan is given con- E. Valentine, however, took a different

siderable space in this number. Naturally, view. She spoke to the young lady, and

to be successful, this plan must have the soon had her engaged in a Gospel conversawhole-hearted support of all who hold the tion. The girl was alone in that great

Priesthood; and before the members can city: she was lonely and somewhat disproperly support it they must understand couraged. Attracted by the kindly spirit

what the new requirements are. It is to of the mission mother, she admitted that

be hoped, therefore, that the explanations tobacco was not good for her; promised to

will be carefully studied. use less of it, and also promised to attend

the Mutual Improvement meetings of the past Messages From the Missions.—In Church. That was a real lesson to all whoyears numerous articles and pictures have witnessed it. A missionary message whichappeared in the Era under the title, "Mesreminds our readers of their duty, or thatsages From the Missions."Interesting as

touches upon some principle of the gospel,these have been, it is the opinion of the is what the Era is glad to receive. MakeEditorial department that an improvement

can be made in this direction. A conferyour message readable. Missionaries who

ence is seldom held in any mission in the keep their eyes open in an effort to learn world that does not bring out some imsuch lessons will be greatly benefited; and

is found, weportant message which would be profitable when something of this kind it be sent to the president offor the entire Church. To illustrate: A suggest that

the variousconference was held in Vienna, Austria. the mission. We are writing

April 15, 1928. That statement alone is presidents personally, asking them to apof no interest to anyone except those in point some qualified missionary to comattendance and perhaps a few personal pile such material and send it to us.

Sego Lily

I saw, in rugged Alpine place,

The great, white, restless Mer de Glace;

I viewed, where Russian millions trod

Old Fairs of Nezhin Novgorod;

Where mountain torrents fling, full free,

I've reveled in Yosemite;

Fanned by the South Sea's balmy breeze,

I've stood beneath Sequoia trees;

Where Colorado's canyon grand Hath carved its way through wonderland,

Where Western gnomes and giants own "Old Faithful"of the Yellowstone;

Where Russian breezes hour by hour

Blow round the great white Kremlin Tower;

Mine eyes were granted leave to see

The ruins of famed Pompeii;

With pleasure more than I could tell,

I viewed Old Quebec's citadel.

I've wandered far, amid nature's bowers

Where she displays here wondrous powers,

And felt her Eons'magic spell

Within her utmost citadel.

I've viewed with wonderment each place

Of man's Nature's grace device—of

Of Nature's tower and Builder's dome turned my footsteps home. And then—I

I stood upon my hillside waste,

With naked nature, pure and chaste;

And at my feet, all dank with dew,

Behold! a Sego Lily grew

A Sego Lily's chaliced cup Toward my thrilled heart reaching up,

With color clear and pure and bright.

I never saw more rapturous sight.

Tridetl. Utah ALICE MORRII.L

o b HZ<wo< zo h< uo Improvement Era +'jnrAr+'Ar+*J.-*rAm.

Vol. XXXI JULY, 1928 No. 9

Founders of Western Civilization

By Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian

YEARS roll on, and the west half of the United States of

America becomes more thickly settled, the achievementsAS of the early pioneers of the great West become matters of interesting study. No one who visits Salt Lake City at the present

time can afford to ignore the fact that the Latterday Saints were the first to raise the standard of AngloSaxon civilization in the great intermountain region and elsewhere. Nobody dares dispute

the historical fact that they were also eminently successful as pioneers, for the many flourishing cities, towns and villages with which that part of our country once known as the Great American Desert is now dotted testifies abundantly of the energy, the union, the determination and success of the "Mormon"pioneers.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized as a religious body in 1830, in the western part of the state oi

New York. Said Church was only about a year old when some

of its members became pioneers of the West. In the month of June,

] 83 1, Joseph Smith with a small body of men left the little village of Kirtland, Ohio, as missionaries, for the western boundary of the

United States, four men of the community having preceded them there in the beginning of the same year. Arriving in Jackson county,

Mo., in July, 183 1, Joseph Smith and his companions, together with

a number of families known in Church history as the Colesville branch, commenced operations as a colonizing community immediately east of where Kansas City now stands. There those

eastern people experienced most trying difficulties in establishing what we may term a Yankee colony in a slaveholding state. They

practically became the first farmers without slave labor in that part of the country, and in a remarkably short time they had a prosperous colony numbering about twelve hundred people in Jackson county.

In this colony was established a printing office, which at the time was 120 miles farther west than any other printing office in the

United States. The "Mormons"also opened a successful store, built

one or more mills, commenced schools and developed a number of 724 IMPROVEMENT ERA

flourishing farms on lands bought from the United States Government for $1.25 an acre.

But this colony of Latterday Saints existed only a couple of years as difficulties arose between the Saints (who were mostly abolitionists) and the older settlers (who were nearly all slaveholders), and so the year 1833 witnessed the exodus of the Saints from Jackson county.

Their next experience as colonizers was on the flat lands lying adjacent to the Missouri river and some of its tributaries on the opposite side of the Missouri, mainly in Clay county, Mo. There

they were again successful in turning the flat, low lands into fruitful fields. Much of the success there, as well as in Jackson county, and

also their future homes elsewhere, must be ascribed to their unity and that cooperation which is based upon brotherly love and mutual helpfulness.

The experience of the Latterday Saints in Clay county lasted only about three years, when it became necessary, in order to avoid trouble with their less industrious neighbors, to move out into an open prairie country, lying about sixty miles in a northeasterly direction from Liberty, Clay county. Those who were anxious to have them move promised that if they would locate in that

prairie country, where very few people had settled up to that time, they could have a county organization of their own. This was

consequently done, and the "Mormon"community, as soon as they had located in what soon afterwards became Caldwell county, Missouri, proved to the rest of the inhabitants that the prairies were not useless for agricultural purposes, but that with careful cultivation good crops could be raised. The consequence was that the "Mormon"community was more successful in Caldwell county, and also

in some of the adjacent counties, than they had hitherto been elsewhere, for soon the community grew from 1200 souls to as many thousands, and a promising town called Far West, which reached a population of 2000, was founded on the prairies of Caldwell, and the community found itself gaining rapidly in wealth and comforts.

In the meantime, another branch of the Church had experiences as pioneers in Ohio, not far from where the city of Cleveland now stands. Early in 1831, a number of the Saints located in an insignificant hamlet containing only a mill, a store and a few farm

houses, but soon they built a city containing about 2000 inhabitants with a beautiful temple in the midst of it. In this connection it may,

therefore, be said that the "Mormons"became the pioneer temple builders in North America, aside from masonic temples, so called, and other houses of worship. This settlement, known as Kirtland,

FOUNDERS OF WESTERN CIVILIZATION 725

Ohio, did not continue in their hands more than about seven years, as complications arose, and it became necessary in 1838 for the bulk of the people to vacate, leaving their temple and improvements behind, and migrate to Missouri, about nine hundred miles farther west.

In the meantime, trouble also arose between the "Mormons"and the other settlers in Missouri. I am not here dealing with the

causes of this trouble, but venture to say that jealousy, based upon the fact that the "Mormons"seemed to be more prosperous than their neighbors, was at the bottom of it. Suffice it to say that the

early part of 1839 found the Saints to the number of about 12,000 souls driven into exile, after a number of their people had been murdered, much of their property destroyed and nearly all the remainder confiscated. On this occasion, the Saints, instead of turning their

faces westward, traveled about two hundred miles eastward, in order to get out of the state of Missouri, the socalled exterminating order of Governor Lilburn W. Boggs having been issued, recommending

either extermination or expulsion.

In the little town of Quincy, Illinois, the exiles found temporary shelter, the people of Quincy treating them most kindly and taking immediate steps to relieve them of temporary wants.

But as the "Mormons"could never consent to live on charity, or to receive aid when there was a possibility of being selfsustaining, they immediately fell back upon their former tactics as colonizers.

About fifty miles from Quincy, up the Mississippi river, a little village known as Commerce had been founded some years before by eastern people who came there well supplied with money and property to found a settlement in the West, but the place being very unhealthful these people, instead of building a town on the banks of the

Mississippi river, built a goodsized graveyard on the slope of a hill. The facts were that the place was so marshy and swampy

that the inhabitants were nearly all taken with malaria, mostly fever and ague, and the mortality in consequence was very great. Hence,

when the Saints, through a committee appointed for the purpose, investigated conditions for buying land upon which to locate another settlement, they found the few people left at Commerce willing to sell on easy terms, and the consequence was the Saints located in that beautiful bend of the Mississippi river in Hancock county,

Illinois, where they, in the course of six years, built Nauvoo, the beautiful, and that too in the days of their poverty, plucked and peeled as they were through their losses in Missouri. Where the

comparatively wealthy people from the east could not build the village of Commerce, these persecuted "Mormons,"'by labor, built 726 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a city which, at its zenith, had about 20,000 inhabitants. The

city contained a beautiful temple, a number of manufacturing establishments, public buildings, a printing office and many substantial private residences. Here the Saints, again pioneers, drained swamps

and turned them into fruitful fields, and took other steps toward improving conditions until, according to the statement of the late

George A. Smith, Nauvoo became as healthful as any other place in

Illinois. Joseph the Prophet took a most active part in the building of Nauvoo, which, as years rolled on, became a most endearing

spot to him. This is exemplified by a remark he made when he

left Nauvoo, for the last time, to go to Carthage. Reaching the

temple, he turned around and looked with admiration upon that building and then upon the city at large, remarking: "This is the

loveliest place and the best people under the heavens; little do they

know the trials that await them."His bosom friend, John Taylor,

in his beautiful composition known as "The Seer,"in referring to

Joseph Smith and Nauvoo, says:

"The Saints, the Saints, his only pride,

For them he lived, for them he died.

Their joys were his, their sorrows too:

He loved the Saints, he loved Nauvoo."

Not only did Joseph Smith love Nauvoo and its people, but that beautiful place became the pride of all its inhabitants. Years

ago, when I first became acquainted with this intermountain country, and when many early Church veterans were yet alive, I often, in my endeavors to elicit from them historical information concerning pioneer days, listened for hours to incidents connected with that city;

and while they were telling of their thrilling experiences and their associations with the Prophet Joseph, I would in many instances notice the tears coursing down their weatherbeaten cheeks, as the pleasant or sad memories of the past touched their hearts.

It will readily be seen that the Latterday Saints had much experience as pioneers, founders of settlements and city builders before they came to the far West, and these experiences stood them well in hand when it fell to their lot to found settlements in these Rocky

Mountains.

If our socialistic friends want an illustration of what true Socialism, based on brotherly love, can accomplish, let them study the history of the "Mormons"after their expulsion from the State of

Illinois, and also their movements after their arrival in the Rocky

Mountains. Let them post themselves as to how the advance companies of what was termed the "Camps of Israel"planted and sowed

grain and vegetables at Garden Grove, Mt. Pisgah, etc., for the

FOUNDERS OF WESTERN CIVILIZATION 727

later companies of their coreligionists to reap the harvest. Let them

read also of the covenant entered into by the "Mormons"in Missouri in 1839, when the betterto-do members of the community pledged themselves to spend their last dollar in assisting their fellowsuf- ferers to leave the state of Missouri. From the story of "Mormonism,"it will be seen that the Saints were practically the pioneer

settlers in certain parts of Iowa, this being particularly the case in

Pottawattamie county in that state. They also became the first

actual white settlers in what is now the state of Nebraska, for up to that time that part of our country now included in said state had been in the hands of the Omahas, Pawnees, Sioux and other

Indian tribes, and not only were the Saints the founders of the first settlement in Nebraska, (Winter Quarters), where the little city of Florence, now a part of Omaha, stands, but they also took an active part a few years later in founding the city of Omaha, and a "Mormon"elder (Joseph E. Johnson) published the first newspaper (The Omaha Arrow) ever published in that city.

I now revert to the Mormon Battalion which left the Pottawattamie country in Iowa in July, 1846, and marched to Fort Leavenworth. From there the real journey to California was commenced.

Upon reaching Santa Fe, New Mexico, it was discovered that a number of families who had accompanied the Battalion were not able to pursue the journey to California, which led through dry and trackless deserts; hence, it was decided that those families, together

with a number of the soldiers who during the first half of the journey had shown signs of weakness, should change their course of travel, and, instead of continuing to California, go north and winter on the Arkansas river. This meant that the "Mormons"also became

the first AngloSaxon settlers in what is now the enterprising state of Colorado. In addition to the Battalion people, a number of

Saints who had left the states in 1846 with the intention of joining the pioneers on their journey to the Rocky Mountains that year were compelled to winter with the detachment of the Battalion at

Pueblo.

On the very day in February, 1846, that the actual exodus of the "Mormons"from Nauvoo, Illinois, began, the ship Brooklyn sailed from New York with a company of 230 Saints on board, mainly farmers from the New England states and citizens of some of the eastern cities. This ship had a wonderful voyage, doubling

Cape Horn, touching at the island of San Fernandez (the base of the Robinson Crusoe story), visiting later the Hawaiian Islands and finally landing at San Francisco, July 31, 1846, nearly one year before President Brigham Young and his pioneers entered the valley 728 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Great Salt Lake. On the arrival of the Brooklyn in California the Saints who had made the voyage in that ship found a

small village called Yerba Buena, standing near the Golden Gate.

The Brooklyn passengers outnumbered the native Californians, and the little Spanish village was changed to San Francisco, there being already a Catholic mission of that name in the vicinity. This

change was brought about partly through the influence exercised by the California Star, which was practically the first newspaper published in California in the English language. It was edited by

Samuel Brannan, the "Mormon"elder who had led the Brooklyn company from New York to California. Thus it can be claimed

consistently that the "Mormons"were the actual founders of San

Francisco as well as of Salt Lake City and many other places in the "Great West."

A number of the Brooklyn company who were farmers naturally desired to carry on agriculture in California, and, in looking around for a suitable place to locate, they selected a spot in the

San Joaquin valley, near the junction of the Stanislaus river with th?

San Joaquin river, and here the "Mormons"founded the first farming settlement in that great valley which now contains seven of the most flourishing counties in California. In 1851, the same people

that founded Salt Lake City located the flourishing settlement of San Bernardino in southern California.

We will now return to the main camps of the exiled Saints.

As soon as possible the following spring (1847) a selection of men and teams was made to push ahead to the Rocky Mountains, and

President Brigham Young, together with 142 other pioneers, three women and two children, left the Missouri river in April, 1847.

At Laramie, the pioneers were joined by a small advance company of Mississippi Saints. On Green River a small company of the

Battalion overtook the pioneers, who, when they arrived in the valley on July 22 and 24, numbered 156 persons.

Five days after the arrival of President Young and his company, the detachment of the Mormon Battalion which had wintered at

Pueblo entered the valley under the leadership of Captain James

Brown. Immediately the pioneers commenced to lay the foundation of

our beautiful city which now can boast of 130,000 inhabitants.

About 1800 Latterday Saints who crossed the plains and mountains in nine well organized companies reached the valley the same years as the original pioneers, besides a number of the Mormon

Battalion who, after serving their term of enlistment, made their way from Southern California northward, then across the Sierra Nevada

Mountains and what is now the Nevada desert to this valley. Thus

FOUNDERS OF WESTERN CIVILIZATION 729

nearly 1800 people spent the winter of 18471848 on what we now call Pioneer Square, but which was originally known as the Old

Fort, the beginning of Great Salt Lake City, which in 1868 changed its name to Salt Lake City.

From this beginning, Utah's several valleys were subsequently settled. The year 1848 witnessed the arrival of thousands of Latter-day Saints who had spent about two years on the frontiers,

and soon Ogden, Provo, Manti, and many other cities came into existence.

Carson valley, Nevada, which once constituted a part of Utah, became known to the "Mormon"people as early as 1847, when the discharged soldiers of the Mormon Battalion passed through on their way from California to Great Salt Lake valley; and as early as

185 1 the first "Mormon"settlement, which was also the first AngloSaxon settlement of any description in what is now the state of

Nevada, was founded in Carson valley, at a place known as Genoa.

Thus the same class of people who were the pioneers of Utah also became the pioneers of Nevada.

In 1855, President Young sent out a colony about 400 miles north into what was then Oregon and founded a settlement among the Indians on a branch of the Salmon river, and the "Mormons"therefore, became the first settlers of Idaho; and though this settlement (Fort Limhi) was broken up in 1858, the honor of founding

the first permanent settlement in Idaho was still retained by the "Mormons,"for the year 1860 witnessed the founding of Franklin in Cache valley, now in Idaho.

In 1854 a farming settlement known as Fort Supply was located by the "Mormons"on Black's fork of Green river, 12 miles south of the original Fort Bridger. This was the first farming

settlement in what is now the state of Wyoming.

Since the founding of Jamestown in Virginia in 1607 and the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers on Plymouth Rock in 1620, America has produced pioneers by the tens of thousands. History proves

that these pioneers showed great bravery in venturing farther and farther west among the Indians or into unexplored or unclaimed countries, until the vanguard of AngloSaxon civilization stood about half way across the continent, looking westward toward the

Great Plains, the Rocky Mountains and the Great American Desert, which save for a few forts and a few settlements founded in what was then Oregon were inhabited only by nomadic Indians. But

Brigham Young and his pioneers with one grand leap, so to speak, cut the great desert or uninhabited waste in half by planting Salt

Lake City in the heart of the Great American Desert, and thus it was 730 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that Great Salt Lake City became the halfway house between the

Missouri river in the east and the Pacific coast in the west, just as literally and effectually as Palestine in the Orient is the halfway house, so to speak, between the great river Euphrates on the east and the beautiful Nile on the west.

By the founding of the American halfway house the emigrants from the east bound for California found it possible to make the long journey across the continent with comparative ease, for if they, on their arrival in Salt Lake, found themselves short of provisions, or delayed by wornout animals, they were able to replenish their provisions and obtain fresh horses, mules and oxen to continue on to the coast. Not only were these overland travelers able to

obtain supplies, but they found the "Mormons"an honest and upright people who were not inclined to take advantage of the situation.

This meant much to the Saints by way of contradicting the numerous falsehoods which had been circulated by the enemies of the "Mormon"people at an early day. It must be remembered that the

pioneers of Utah lived in these valleys about four years before even a territorial form of government was granted by the Federal Government, and during these years the "Mormons"lived under laws enacted by themselves and were ruled most justly and successfully ""by officers of their own selection. They could have built a regular

robbers'roost in these mountains had they been so disposed, but, instead, they built a prosperous, Christian community.

In August, 1842, Joseph Smith the Prophet predicted that the

Saints should be driven to the Rocky Mountains and there become a mighty people. How literally and completely this prophecy has

been fulfilled!

Salt Lake City Today

"I like Utah. Its surrounding hills give one the feeling of security. It's> different.

I like Salt Lake City. Its wide streets give one a feeling of freedom; its running waters

that of cleanliness; its bubbling fountains of pure mountain water entice one to drink

more and more. Its restaurants are filled with the best of food and all served in the

most courteous manner.

"Its people extend to the stranger a cordial hand of welcome and good fellowship.

that does not apply toWe have all heard the song 'Out Where the West Begins'—but

Salt Lake for there is where the West is, was and, I hope, ever shall be. Salt Lake's

streets are blessed with the absence of childless women leading pug dogs, but there are ever present the most beautiful children in the land.

"Utah, where the pink and golden rays of a wonderful sunrise kiss the snowcapped peaks that dimple the sky, crowning them with all the glory of a newborn day and where, at evening, the crimson light of the setting sun baptizes the whole with a benediction of holiness of celestial harmony."Chas. H. Fitz, Traveling peace—the

Salesmanager, Woodrow Manufacturing Co., Chicago.

Stories of the Pioneer Trail By A. William Lund, Assistant Church Historian

The Beginning of the Trail

the fall and winter of 18451846 great persecutionDURING was heaped upon the Saints. President Brigham Young, in

behalf of the people, had entered into an agreement with the mob leaders that as soon as possible he and all his followers would remove from Nauvoo. Suggestions were made that the Saints go

to Vancouver's Island or to Oregon. Judge Stephen A. Douglas,

one of the committee appointed to draw up this agreement, stated that "Vancouver's Island was claimed by the United States, and he felt sure there would be no objection to its settlement or to the settlement of Oregon."Others suggested some place beyond the

Rocky Mountains. All agreed that the "Mormons"must leave.

This sentiment is shown from a sentence in the committee's letter of October 2, 1846, to President Young: "We are convinced that

affairs have reached such a crisis that it has become impossible for your Church to remain in this country."Governor Ford wrote,

December 29, 1845, in a letter to Sheriff Backenstos: "I also think

The city of Whittingham, Vermont, birthplace of President Brigham Young 732 IMPROVEMENT ERA

it is very likely that the government at Washington will interfere to prevent the 'Mormons'from going west of the Rocky Mountains.

Many intelligent persons sincerely believe that they will join the

British, if they go there, and be more trouble than ever, and I think this consideration is likely to influence the government."

In the face of persecution and with the knowledge that the

Saints would have to leave their homes, the High Council issued, on January 20, 1846, instructions to all members of the Church that they intended to send in the spring a company of pioneers consisting mostly of young, hardy men to the western country. These

pioneers were to find a permanent place to settle and were to take with them all kinds of farming implements, mill irons, grain and seeds. In these instructions, also, we find sentiments which express

the highest type of loyal citizenship:

"We also further declare for the satisfaction of some who have concluded that our grievances have alienated us from our country, that our patriotism has not been overcome by fire, by sword, by daylight nor by midnight assassinations which we have endured, neither have they alienated us from the institutions of our country.

"Should hostilities arise between the government of the United

States and any other power, in relation to the right of possessing the territory of Oregon, we are on hand to sustain the claim of the

United States to that country. It is geographically ours; and, of

right, no foreign power should hold dominion there; and if our

services are required to prevent it, those services will be cheerfully rendered according to our ability. We feel the injuries that we have

sustained, and are not insensible of the wrongs we have suffered:

still we are Americans."

After making plans to try to sell their property the Saints commenced, in February, to cross the river and turn their faces westward, ready to encounter the hardships and difficulties of the dreary and almost uninhabited regions in which they were going to make their homes.

A Miraculous Feeding of LatterDay Israel

It was not long after the first company left for the West that those who remained in Nauvoo were illused by the Anti- "Mormons."These men who had pledged their word that the

Saints might have time to dispose of their property and move from

Nauvoo in peace, disregarded their agreement and commenced committing various despicable acts against the afflicted people. These

disgraceful acts continued until the first part of September, 1846, when the mob issued an ultimatum to the Saints that they must leave

STORIES OF THE PIONEER TRAIL 733

Nauvoo. The mob did not even wait for this command to be

fulfilled but came against Nauvoo fully armed and determined to destroy all the residents of that city.

The "Mormons,"under Capt. William Anderson, resisted as

best they could. Capt. Anderson and his son lost their lives in

defense of their homes. Becoming convinced that the mob was

determined to destroy them, the Saints entered into another treaty by which they gave up all arms and immediately commenced to leave their homes. They crossed the river and made an encampment

on the banks of the Mississippi, opposite Nauvoo.

The St. Louis Weekly Reveille gives the following vivid

description of their condition:

Charity for the "Mormons""The present condition of the expelled 'Mormons,'opposite

Nauvoo, 111., appeals to humanity in tones not to be resisted. We

know their wretched state, not from report, but from eye witness, of misery which is without a parallel in the country. They are

literally starvirig under the open heavens; not even a tent to cover

and children, widows and orphans, the bedridden,them—women

the agestricken and the toilworn, the pauper remnant of a large community. Mr. Joseph L. Heywood, one of the trustees left to

dispose of the 'Mormon'depreciated as to be property—now

nearly in St. Louis, with ample certificates from the valueless,—is

mayor of Quincy, and others, for the purpose of soliciting aid for his homeless brethren. He asks for provisions, but chiefly clothing

to shield weak ones from the approaching cold. Money, of course,

will be thankfully received, but only to be applied as above.

"The 'Mormons'desire to reach the first station of the earlier emigrants, in the west of Iowa, where a crop was planted for them and huts raised. There they will spend the winter. In the name

of Christian mercy, let us not be insensible to the miserable hard-

ship of their case. Mr. Heywood is at 'Scott's Hotel.'

What cared the mob for the suffering of these poor, homeless

Saints. What did they care for the women and children whose

husbands and fathers were in the United States army? What did

they care for these poor people who were without food or clothing?

Not a tinker's thimble. Instead, they rejoiced in the fact that they

had driven the despised "Mormons"from their own homes.

On the ninth day of October, 1846, when the condition of these poor Saints had reached its most terrible extreme, death and starvation staring them in the face, God, their Father, sent flocks of quail into the camp. They lit upon the wagons, the beds, upon

734 IMPROVEMENT ERA

empty tables and upon the ground. Even the sick were able to

catch them. Before partaking of their meal, made from these quail,

the whole camp knelt in prayer and thanked their God who had so mercifully saved them.

This great event was seen, not only by Church members, but by others who were in the camp. Even those on board a steamboat,

passing by on the river, marveled at this wonderful occurrence.

The quail came more than once through this day and followed the camp when it left the river.

The feelings of the Saints in regard to this miracle is well described by the following words, copied from a letter written by the

High Council to Elders Orson Hyde and John Taylor, who were on a mission in England:

"Tell ye this to the nations of the earth. Tell it to the kings> and nobles and

the great ones! Tell ye this to those who believe in that God who fed the children of

Israel in the wilderness in the days of Moses, that they may know there is a God in the last days, and that his people are as dear to him now as they were in those days, and that he will feed them when the house of the oppressor is unbearable, and he is acknowledged God of the whole earth and every knee bows and every tongue confesses that Jesus is the Christ."

A Striking Prophecy Many people have said that President Brigham Young did not utter a prophecy. The inspiration of the Almighty rested, on more

than one occasion, upon this great and good man, and he spoke as he was led by the Spirit of the Lord.

During their encampment at Winter Quarters, President Young told the brethren that they would build a temple in the tops of the

Rocky Mountains.

What more uninviting setting could a prophecy have had than this? Exiles in an Indian country, weakened in strength and numbers through the enlisting of 500 young and ablebodied men in

the army of the United States, depressed because of conditions of their beloved brethren and sisters in Nauvoo, without proper shelter or food and with all their possessions taken from them! Surely,

from human reasoning only, this prophecy could never be fulfilled.

He reiterated this statement on the 28th day of July, when, standing upon what is now the Temple Block, he struck his cane into the ground and said: "Here will be the temple of our God."

This is, no doubt, the first revelation given in these valleys of the mountains. How did President Young know that the Saints would

remain in this valley when they reached here? How did he know that

the people would sacrifice of their time and means to build a temple?

Only through revelation from God! One can readily imagine the

STORIES OF THE PIONEER TRAIL 735

thoughts which would arise in the minds of the people who had so recently been driven from their homes, and who had seen their beautiful temple at Nauvoo taken from them and desecrated. This

land appeared to be a barren waste and every condition seemed most uninviting; yet, in the face of these conditions, President Brigham

Young, on the 14th day of February, 1853, turned over the first shovel of dirt for the foundation of the great Salt Lake temple.

This temple was built by the sacrifice and faith of the Saints of

God so that ordinances of eternal life might be administered to the faithful.

Way Stations—Garden Grove

The exiles who left Nauvoo early in February, 1846, reached the east fork of Grand river, now Weldon creek, Decatur county,

Iowa, on April 24. Here they concluded to make a temporary

settlement, particularly for the benefit of those who should follow.

In the afternoon of that day President Brigham Young and Henry

G. Sherwood selected a location for a settlement which Brother Sherwood commenced to survey the next day.

At a meeting held on Sunday, April 26, 1846, it was decided that the brethren should commence immediately to make a home for the exiles. One hundred men were selected to make rails, ten men

were appointed to build fences, fortyeight to build houses, twelve to dig wells, ten to build bridges, and the remainder of the three hundred and fiftynine working men were employed to clear the land and commence plowing and planting.

Next day the brethren named the settlement Garden Grove, and immediately entered upon their labors. Some who could be

spared from other duties went into the settlements of Missouri and exchanged horses, feather beds, and other property for cows and provisions. Through this united labor, Garden Grove soon assumed

the appearance of a town.

At a meeting held on Sunday, May 3, 1846,'President Young impressed upon his hearers the need of united action and pointed out that the Lord had inspired the making of this settlement, and that other similar places should be made farther on. He commended

them for their wonderful faith and integrity. President Young

worked just as hard as the others in building bridges, etc. During

the following week the fence was completed around the field and a number of houses were built.

Again, the next Sunday, a meeting was held. Elder Jedediah

M. Grant addressed the people. At this meeting Elder Samuel Bent

with Elders Ezra T. Benson and David Fullmer were named as the

736 IMPROVEMENT ERA

presidency of the Garden Grove settlement, and Elder Charles C.

Rich was appointed to take some brethren and go west and locate the next temporary settlement.

In the instructions given to Brother Bent, it is interesting to note that he was to divide the land, to see that no man had the use of ground he did not till, to tithe the Saints for the benefit of the sick and the poor, and to see that the crops were cared for.

After making complete plans for this settlement, President

Young and most of the exiles started their march westward to the next location.

Mt. Pisgah After about five days travel from Garden Grove, President

Young and company arrived on the middle fork of Grand river, at the place Parley P. Pratt had called Mt. Pisgah.

Brother Parley P. Pratt in his autobiography writes the

following:

"After assisting to fence this farm and build some log houses, I was dispatched ahead by the Presidency with a small company to try to find another location. Crossing

this branch of Grand river, I now steered through the vast and fertile prairies and groves without a track or anything but a compass to guide country being entirely me—the

wild and without inhabitants. Our course was west, a little north. We crossed small

streams daily, which, on account of deep beds and miry banks, as well as on account of their being swollen by the rains, we had to bridge. After journeying thus for

several days, and while lying encamped on a small stream which we had bridged. I took

my horse and rode ahead some three miles in search of one of the main forks of Grand river, which we had expected to find for some time. Riding about three or four miles

through beautiful prairies, I came suddenly to some round and sloping hills, grassy and crowned with beautiful groves of timber; while alternate open groves and forests seemed

blended in all the beauty and harmony of an English park, while beneath and beyond, on the west, rolled a main branch of Grand river, with its rich bottoms of alternate forest and prairie. As I approached this lovely scenery several deer and wolves, being

startled at the sight of me, abandoned the place and bounded away till lost from my sight amid the groves.

"Being pleased and excited at the varied beauty before me, I cried out, 'This is

Mount Pisgah.'I returned to my camp, with the report of having found the longsought river, and we soon moved on and encamped under the shade of these beautiful

groves. It was now late in May, and we halted here to await the arrival of the

President and Council. In a few days they arrived and formed a general encampment

here, and finally formed a settlement, and surveyed and enclosed another farm of several thousand acres. This became a town and resting place for the Saints for

years, and is now known on the map of Iowa as a village and postoffice named 'Pisga.'At a meeting held in front of President Young's tent, it was decided that William Huntington be made president of the settlement at Mt. Pisgah and that the brethren should fence a farm of about

500 to 1000 acres, which should be divided by lot after the fencing

STORIES OF THE PIONEER TRAIL 737

was completed. Brother Robert Campbell was appointed postmaster and clerk of Mt. Pisgah, and the decision was made that the

land be surveyed into five, ten and twentyacre lots.

Elder Noah Rogers, who had lately returned from a mission to the Society Islands, became very ill and died. He was the first

of the Saints to be buried at Mt. Pisgah.

While encamped at Mt. Pisgah, Col. James Allen came into

the settlement with the historic call for 500 volunteers to help the

United States in the war against Mexico.

After leaving definite instructions how to carry on all affairs at Mt. Pisgah, President Young and many of the exiles moved

westward.

Winter Quarters President Young and the other pioneers had fully determined to reach the Rocky Mountains in 1846, but when the call came from the government for 500 men to serve in the war, it was decided that this would be impossible. So the exiles, after raising the 500 men,

later known as the "Mormon Battalion,"moved across the Missouri river and established themselves at a place about two miles farther west, called Cutler's Park. Soon, however, they moved to the west

bank of the river and established a settlement, called Winter Quarters.

Here, as at Garden Grove and Mount Pisgah, the brethren arranged for sheltering and caring for their brethren and sisters through the coming winter.

The people were called together and twentytwo wards organized with a bishop over each ward. These bishops were instructed

in their duties, and special stress was laid upon the necessity of looking after the poor and sick and the families of those who had gone into the war.

In council with the brethren, President Young decided that the best way to keep peace with the Indians was to build a house for them; and Reynolds Cahoon, Ira Eldredge and Stephen Markham

were appointed a committee to take fifty men and construct this house for the Omaha Indians.

The Saints built a flour mill, a council house, an octagon building where Willard Richards directed "The Church Historian's

Office."Other houses for meetings and dwellings were also erected.

Strict admonitions were given against the use of profanity and breaking of the Sabbath. All were admonished to lead pure and consistent lives.

Christmas day was celebrated in a very quiet, yet appropriate, manner. At the close of 1846 the exiles had built 538 log houses

and 83 sod houses.

738 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Saints numbered 3,483 souls, of whom 334 were sick.

They also had 814 wagons, 145 horses, 29 mules, 388 yoke of oxen and 463 cows.

It was from this place that the pioneers set out for the Rocky

Mountains in April of 1847. Here thousands of Saints fitted out

their teams for the long "trek"to the valleys of the mountains.

The Meeting With Jim Bridger and Others

In the spring of 1847, the pioneers left the camp at Winter

Quarters and commenced their journey westward. After passing

through many hardships, incident to pioneer travel, they came to

Fort Laramie, and about 1 75 miles farther on reached a splendid stopping place called Pacific Spring! Here they met a trapper by

For Laramie, Wyoming, where President Brigham Young and company camped, June 1, 1847

the name of Moses Harris, or Blask Harris, as he was called by the trappers. He gave the pioneers a very unfavorable report concerning the founding of a colony in the country known as the "Great

Basin."When the pioneers reached the Little Sandy, they met Jim

Bridger, a noted scout and frontiersman. He, too, made a most unfavorable report concerning the valley of the Great Basin, and

thought it very imprudent to bring a large population into that region, stating that he would give $1,000 for the knowledge that corn could be raised in the Basin. Many have doubted that Bridger

STORIES OF THE PIONEER TRAIL 739

made a statement of this kind. As for me, I believe implicitly in

the word of President Young on the subject.

In Salt Lake City, in a sermon delivered by President Young on

Sunday, July 8, 1849, the original minutes of which are on file in the Historian's Office, he said: "The mountaineers never thought

we could raise grain here. Mr. Bridger said he would give one thousand dollars if he only knew we could raise an ear of corn. I knew

in the temple of Nauvoo that we could raise grain here."

In a speech delivered on the floor of the Senate, July 8, 1850, on the bill, "To admit California into the Union; to establish territorial governments for Utah and New Mexico; making proposals

to Texas for the establishment of the western and northern boundaries,"Senator Truman Smith of Connecticut quoted a letter written to him, by Erastus Snow, which was dated at Washington City,

March 15, 1850. In this letter occurs the following: "Captain

Bridger and Vasques, who have a trading post at one of the most eligible trading points on Black's fork of the Green river, where several unsuccessful attempts at agriculture had been made, remarked to me, in the spring of 1847, that he would give one thousand dollars to know whether an ear of Indian corn could be raised in Great

Salt Lake valley."

Surely the statements made, within three years of their coming into the valley, by these two men, who devoted their whole lives to the making of this great state and for the development of their fellowmen, ought to be taken as proof that Jim Bridger did make this offer concerning the raising of corn.

The End of the Trail When the carriage in which he was riding reached the summit of Big Mountain, President Young asked the driver to stop and turn the carriage around. Here the eyes of the Prophet leader beheld

the Great Salt Lake valley which he had already seen valley—this

in valley too, that Joseph the Prophet had likewise bevision—the

held and to which he had prophesied, five years previously, the Saints would be driven.

The Spirit of Light rested upon the sick and toilworn body of the Prophet Brigham, and also hovered over the valley, and he knew they had reached the end of the trail and that the Saints would here find protection and safety.

"'Mormonism'Survives Liberty Jail

By President B. H. Roberts, of the First

Council of Seventy JAIL! How paradoxical the title! Liberty andLIBERTY

prison are antithetical, and are supposed to have nothing in common; but when it is known that this particular prison

is associated with "liberty"simply because it stood in a little Missouri town of that county seat of Clay county, and name—the

about fifteen miles directly north of seeming Independence—the

paradox vanishes. As will be seen by reference to the cut of this

"Mormon"historical monument, Liberty prison is fallen into ruins, and some years ago was entirely obliterated. The prison was built

of roughdressed limestone, the surface of which was of a yellowish color. It faced east and was about two hundred yards from the

court house. Its dimensions were about twenty by twentytwo feet

and the walls two feet thick. It had a heavy door in the east made

strong and of considerable thickness by spiking inch oak planks together. In the south side there was a small opening a foot and a

half square with strong iron bars, two inches apart, firmly imbedded in the stones of the wall. The contract for erecting this building

was let in April, 1833, and in the December following the jail was completed. It cost the county six hundred dollars, Solomon Fry

being the contractor.

It was within these gloomy walls that the Prophet Joseph

Smith endured some of the most cruel sufferings that were crowded into his eventful life. For several months during the winter of

1838-9 he was imprisoned within the rude walls of this old structure, awaiting a trial for offenses charged against himself and brethren during the troubles in upper Missouri in the fall of 1838.

Those imprisoned with him were his brother Hyrum Smith, Lyman

Wight, Caleb Baldwin, Alexander McRae and Sidney Rigdon; but

the last named prisoner was admitted to bail after a short time of imprisonment, owing to the delicate state of his health.

The rise of persecution against the Latterday Saints in Missouri, which culminated in the expulsion of more than twelve hundred of them from their homes in Jackson county, in the winter of 1838; as also their subsequent settlement in several counties north

of the Missouri river in 1836, together with the final expulsion of some fifteen thousand of the Saints from the confines of Missouri, in 1838, under the exterminating order of the governor of the.state,

"MORMONISM"SURVIVES LIBERTY JAIL 741

Lilburn W. Boggs, and executed by the state militia, are circumstances which belong rather to the domain of history than to this

article. It will be sufficient here to say that the measures taken

by the Saints for selfprotection were construed into acts of aggressive warfare; and acts of selfdefense were made criminal. It was for his

connection with these measures of selfprotection and selfdefense that the Prophet and his associates were arraigned before courts where well known mobocrats sat as judges, and imprisoned these men to await the slow process of courts reluctant to bring them to trial lest the exposure of the proceedings in upper Missouri would bring reproach upon the state. We are concerned here, however,

only with Liberty jail and the Prophet's life within its walls. His

suffering was great and went far beyond the irritation which comes to active spirits when confined, unwholesome food, and the petty tyranny of unfriendly guards. The Prophet could not forget that

while he himself was compelled to endure this enforced inactivity his own family and the entire Church, stripped of their earthly possessions, were being driven from the state at an inclement season of the year under circumstances of extreme cruelty. It was reflecting

upon these conditions which wrung from him the soulcry with which one of his revelations opens:

"O God! where art thou? And where is the pavilion that covereth thy hiding

place? How long shall thy hand be stayed, and thine eye, yea thy pure eye, behold

from the eternal heavens, the wrongs of thy people, and of thy servants, and thine ear be penetrated with their cries? Yea, O Lord, how long shall they suffer these

Liberty Jail—The PrisonTemple of Missouri

742 IMPROVEMENT ERA

wrongs and unlawful oppressions before thine heart shall be softened towards them, and thy bowels be moved with compassion towards them?"

To which the Lord made answer:

"My son, peace be unto thy soul; thine adversity and thine afflictions shall be

but a small moment; and then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt thee on high;

thou shalt triumph over all thy foesi; thy friends do stand by thee, and they shall

hail thee again, with warm hearts and friendly hands; thou art not yet as Job; thy

friends do not contend against thee, neither charge thee with transgression, as they did

Job; and they who do charge thee with transgression, their hope shall be blasted, and

their prospects shall melt away as the hoar frost melteth before the burning rays of the rising sun.

"The ends of the earth shall inquire after thy name, and fools shall have thee in derision, and hell shall rage against thee, while the pure in heart, and the wise, and the noble, and the virtuous, shall seek counsel, and authority, and blessings constantly from under thy hand, and thy people shall never be turned against thee by the testimony of traitors."

In the foregoing may be observed a prophecy which has met with remarkable Prophet's people have never been fulfilment—the

turned against him by the testimony of traitors, however determined they may have been in such efforts.

It was not all gloom in Liberty prison, either, during the time the Prophet and his brethren occupied it. As in all cases where the

servants of God are imprisoned, the sweet and peaceful influences of the Holy Spirit were enjoyed. Within those gloomy prison walls

some important revelations were received; petitions and remonstrances drafted, and letters of counsel and direction written to the

Saints by the Prophet and his associates. Friends visited them from

lime to time, to assure the Prophet of their esteem and confidence.

The wives of some of the prisoners, including the Prophet's, visited them to inquire of their welfare and take their leave of them before departing from the state.

The Prophet and his brethren having no confidence in the integrity of the courts of Missouri, and conscious of their own innocence, made several efforts to escape from Liberty jail, but without success. In April the prisoners were taken to Daviess county for

trial, but finding Judge Thomas C. Birch on the bench, a man who

had been connected with the courtmartial which had condemned the prisoners to be shot in the public square at Far West, but a few months before, they asked for a change of venue to Marion county.

This was denied, but one was given them to Boone county. Judge

Birch made out the mittimus without date, name or place and the prisoners enroute for the next place of trial, with the connivance of their guards, made their escape, and ten days later arrived among their friends, who meantime had gathered to the city of Quincy and vicinity, in Illinois.

MORMONISM"SURVIVES LIBERTY JAIL 743

It may be true that prisons, like chains, survive the captives they enthrall; but in this instance the prison did not survive the work, at

least, of its most illustrious captives; for while the prison is now

obliterated, the work for which these "Mormon"prisoners stood, flourishes in a mightier strength than it ever knew in Missouri.

Saved Through Inspiration

Lee's Ferry is one of the few places Under these terrible circumstances, what where it is possible to cross the Colorado could she do? She could send nowhere

river. This is where the UtahArizona for help. She gathered the children about

pioneers crossed and recrossed this great her, told them of the terrible danger they stream. The Arizona Indians also crossed were in, and said that only God could save

at this place, often to rob and plunder the them. They all knelt about their bed, the

villages and ranches in southern Utah. poor mother prayed first and then she

During the 80's the Indians were parcalled on each of the children, in turn, to ticularly hostile and committed many pray for protection. As soon as the last

murders and depredations. child had finished, the mother aros and

During this time Mrs. Lee lived at the said that while the children were praying

ferry. She had a number of children and the Lord bad shown her just what to do.

her house was small. One evening she saw Then she proceeded to do this remarkable

a band of Indians coming across the river. thing:

She had heard of their recent attacks and She carried the bedding out to where knew they were on the warpath. All the the Indians were camped and made her

men folks who lived at the ferry had gone bed within the circle of astonished savages.

be absent for several days. She was Then she took the children out also and—to

all alone with her children. The Indians went to bed with them. She was not

came to the house and demanded what molested during the night. The next

they wanted from her meagre store of supmorning as the Indians moved on, the big plies. She hoped they would move on chief came to her and she understood him

after supper, but they did not. They to say: "You are a very brave little womcamped at the side of her house. As they an. From now on you need never fear

were sitting about the small campfire she the Redskins. They will never do you

overheard their conversation. She underany harm."From that time on all Indians

stood enough to know that they were who passed that way treated her with planning to kill her children, rob the house respect, and she had no further fear of and to carry her away with them. them.- LeRoi C. Snow.

Loneliness There is a loneliness when man from man

Is severed, nor in all life's span

They meet and understand.

But the loneliness that wracking slays

Is the fearful lack all one's days

Of God's upholding Hand.

Springfield, Mass. Margery Warfield

I. A. Plan* New Priesthood-M.

By Melvin J. Ballard, Assistant General Superintendent

Y. M. M. I. A.

IS NOT my purposeITplan. That is the businessto goof intothis aconference.detailed discussionIt will beof conthis

sidered in the various departments, and my only desire is to try to get you into the right attitude towards it and to make you feel it is the best thing that has yet been devised for the promotion of Priesthood and M. I. A. interests. First of all, I should like to

say that the plan was devised primarily to give a simplified program for the membership of the Church involved. We have but one group

of men and boys and women and girls. There must be one unified,

simplified program for this work. No one organization in the

Church can do everything for the entire group. There has been

delegated to each organization its specific field. We recognize that

the Priesthood is the very life of the Church. It is to the Church

what the mainspring is to a watch, the power by which it goes. The

auxiliary organizations are but helps in government to the Priesthood. The Sunday School serves the Priesthood and gives the

opportunity not only to the Priesthood but to the whole Church to study its theology. The Mutual Improvement Associations help

the Priesthood in the leisuretime field, cooperating with the brethren in eliminating an unnecessary meeting. Therefore one night is chosen

for the consideration of Priesthood assignments and other problems.

Then in addition to Priesthood participation, the participation of the sisters of the Church in this program has been devised. In

Mutual Improvement classes, in the Young Men's department, we discovered that deacons, teachers and priests were studying programs similar to those in our Priesthood manuals, in some instances the very identical lessons, and in addition, an activity program was being built up. The Presiding Bishopric and Superintendency of

the Young Men, in studying this program, concluded that, having but one group, we could not have two competitive programs. And

so the fine things the Priesthood has been doing and the fine things the Y. M. M. I. A. has been presenting in the manuals for these boys

are to be consolidated in lesson work that will be given during the

Priesthood section; and the activities that have been presented in

both Priesthood and M. I. A. will be given by the Mutual Improvement organization. They are serving, one in one field and the other

in the other. When we come to the adult group there is an enlargement of our field work, because there comes to this division the

Address delivered at the General Joint Session of the Thirtythird Annual Conference of Y. M. and

Y. L. M. I. A., June 3, 1928.

NEW PRJESTHOOD-M. I. A. PLAN 745

adult people of the Church, where adult education in the Church can be projected in many lines, for there will be elective courses. It

is not expected that men and women will go home when the Priesthood period is ended. There should be a loyal support of this

period on the part of the M. I. A., and then a loyal support of the

M. I. A. on the part of the Priesthood, and men or women should

not fail to enter into the department provided for them.

We should like you, therefore, to feel that, after very careful thought and consideration on the part of all interested, this plan was conceived as the solution to a rather complicated situation that was arising because of this competition and rivalry and multiplicity of meetings. And so it is hoped under this simplified plan that the

M. I. A. organization may render service to and magnify the Priesthood, and in return we shall receive benefits by an increase, undoubtedly, in the attendance at the M. I. A. I am looking for at

least 25% increase in attendance and enrollment during the first year. We hope none of you will go home and complain about it

or feel that the M. I. A. is being shelved or sidetracked. We may

yield something, but we are yielding it for ourselves, for the Priesthood is the very heart and life of this Church, and anything that promotes and magnifies it is a thing to be desired by every member of the Church. So, if we are yielding something, it is to help keep

the Priesthood where it belongs, at the head of the procession.

But by willingly and cheerfully adopting this plan we are really losing nothing in the development of the work assigned to us, for we will receive the hearty cooperation of the Priesthood. I can see

a more glorious future for this movement than ever before. Though

its field is perhaps more elaborate, yet in its development we shall find employment for all our talents, our time and ability; and so let

us fall in line with the spirit of this program.

It is contemplated that work shall be done on Tuesday night.

M. I. A. will start September 1 and run until May 31. It is not

expected that summer work will be carried on, but if the Priesthood decides to continue on Tuesday during the summer, then a program should be planned for the Young Men; but where a ward

chooses to hold a Priesthood meeting at some hour on Sunday during the summer time, it is not necessary to plan an M. I. A. program. But when September 1 comes we do expect that Tuesday

night will be given up for our work. Let us give our loyal support

to the plan which has been studied out with care and thought, and have clearly in mind that we are servants in the Lord's house and, having been given our assignment, cheerfully accept it and with all our might, mind and strength help to accomplish it. God give us

power to develop it, I pray, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

The Slogan'By Dr. George H. Brimhall, of the General Board

Y. M. M. I. A.

that ten minutes has been allotted for this exerAM informed cise. If you look on the front page of your program you willI find, near the bottom, our slogan. We might take a moment

to read it. It has been suggested, on as good authority as I could

consult, that when we think this slogan or speak it or read it, that we think and speak and read it as consisting of two parts, the essential and the explanatory, and when we say, "We stand for law,"we have said it all, the other part is explanatory. In repeating it, we may

consistently place emphasis on the words, law, live and enforce.

This slogan has behind it, under it, on both sides of it, in front of it, and above it, some great fundamental truths, and one of these truths is that there is no escape from law. Law is in the universe,

of the universe and with the universe. There is no place in time

or space where law is not in force, some high, some low, some swift, some slow, some free and some coerce. God moves by laws, effect

and cause, throughout his broad domain. We must obey high

law, or stay where lower law doth reign. Law is inseparable

from liberty. What is liberty? The best definition of liberty that

I have ever seen is that liberty is the privilege of obeying law. The

higher the law, the greater the liberty, and the lower the law, the less the liberty. The sweep of this truth may be illustrated in the

flight of Lindbergh: Freedom, liberty, safety, speed, all the result

of complying with law: and then another youth led from the court

to the prison cell for life, all in conformity to unescapable law. It

takes a long time for people to understand these fundamental truths.

There is law in life, there is law in death, law in health and law in disease. When we step over from the domain of one law we are

immediately in the domain of another law. We have our liberty,

our freedom, the freedom to obey the law of the kingdom in which we choose to work our way.

This slogan has behind it one of the fundamental announcements of our religion: "We believe in obeying, honoring and sustaining the law."There are people who obey the law, but they

do not honor it by standing up and defending it. They will say,

'Well, I am a teetotaler, isn't that enough? Let men have their

Address delivered at the General Joint Se$sion pf the Thirtythird Arm"3 'Conference of Y. M. and

Y. L. M. I. A.. June 3. 1928THE SLOGAN 747

liberty or their privilege of accepting or rejecting without my interference or meddling with them, trying to proselyte them into temperance."Here we have a case of one who obeys the law but

does not fully honor it. Then there are others who will speak of

a law, as well as obey it, but they are weak on the point of sustaining it to a finish. That is to say they will not valiantly sustain the law by standing by the officers who enforce it. The slogan

has behind it that great fundamental truth announced by the

Prophet, that whenever any blessing is obtained (obtained not simply appearing to be obtained, but made a part of our eternal inheritance) it must be through obedience to the law upon which that blessing is predicated.

[Audience stood, at request of Dr. Brimhall, and repeated

the slogan:

"We stand for Law: For the People Who Live It and the

Officers Who Enforce It."]

is presented in the Now it is hoped that when this slogan various stakes and wards that the presentation will be accompanied with a seriousness and soul fervor that shall arouse and keep awake a determination to let our light so shine that men seeing our good works may glorify our Father which is in heaven.

May the Lord bless us to this end, I pray, in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen.

A Prayer

Teach me to live, that each successive day

May be more worth the living than the last,

That more of beauty, more of joy, I'll see

In simpler tasks.

I ask not for a life of ease or wealth,

Nor yet for power, glory, praise or fame,

But just that I may worship at the shrine

Of wisdom's light.

To know that thou, O God, with love divine,

Will lead me on in search of truth and light,

And keep my faltering footsteps in the way

Of knowledge bright.

That I may see more clearly how to live

Within the laws which emanate from thee,

And greater love and greater mercy see

In all life's acts.

Tucson, Arizona May D "MARTINEAU

The Choice Before Us* Stake By Kemmie Bagley, M Man, Cottonwood

E ARE living in a new world. There are situations

now that never existed before.wSteam, gasoline and electricity

are the three magicians which have accomplished the transformation.

They have annihilated space. They

have tunnelled the mountains and narrowed the seas. The continents

have been linked together. The nations are all neighbors. A thousand

new points of contact have been created. Nations can never go back

to their former isolation. Races can

never again hide behind mountains or seas. The neighborhood is here.

The problem is how to convert it into a brotherhood.

The difficulty in this program lies in the fact that the international world has never been moralized.

Statesmen have made a difference between personal morality and national morality. Deceiving others,

oppressing the weak, stealing territory, destroying property and murdering which are criminal between not rivals—acts men—are

considered wrong between nations. In short, the diplomacy of the

modern world is still Pagan. Barbaric standards have been allowed

to remain. It is because of the survival of these ideas that we have

also the survival of one of the practices of the primeval world, custom of settling international disputes by killingWAR,—the

men. War belongs to a low stage of human development. It has

no rightful place in the civilization of the day. There are men who

yet see in it something glorious, but they are men of stunted moral character. Men who are truly civilized look upon it with horror and

loathing. It belongs to the dogmas of barbarism.

* Speech which won first place at the grand finals of the Y. M. M. I. A. M Men Public Speaking

Contest, June conference, 192 8.

THE CHOICE BEFORE US 749

The greatest task that lies before humanity in the remainder of the twentieth century is to check, limit and finally to eliminate the institution of war. If war goes on unchecked, following its

present tendencies, it means the destruction of whole races, always the best races, and the downfall of civilization.

Yes! it will be difficult to eliminate war. It is so deeply

rooted in human institutions. It is so easy to stir up hatreds. So

hard to create understandings. It is not enough to want peace or

it. Like allto admire peace or to hope for peace. We must make

other fine things, it is the result of effort. Jesus pronounced no

beatitude on the peace wishers or peace dreamers or peace hopers, but only on the peace makers. And peace can only be made by

the efforts of tens of thousands of men who have determined that they will never give up until the victory has been won.

But sometimes every effort to get the world into a different mood and practice is discouraged on the ground that all such efforts are hopeless. "Human nature is what it is,"runs the argument,

"and cannot be changed. There have been wars from the beginning

and there will be wars to the end. They are forever inevitable

and consequently our only wise course is to prepare for them."

This belief that man's intelligence cannot determine the character of human society is not only crudely materialistic, but implies a gross spiritual slavery. It is not only antisocial, it is antihuman;

fatal, not only to internationalism, but to all the achieving aspirations of man.

History declares on every page that human nature can be changed. You cannot change the constitution of the human mind

nor the corpuscles of the human blood, but you can change man's ideals, his beliefs, his desires, and when you change these you change his conduct, and when you change his conduct you change the world. Because a thing has existed for centuries, it does not follow

that it shall always be.

And our protests against war are destined to succeed, just as, centuries earlier in the history of the race, the sentiment of pity and respect for human life called a halt to slavery, witchcraft, torture and sacrifice.

There came a time, to Greek and Jewish peoples, when a few set their faces against human sacrifice as a religious rite of their highest faith; bound up (like our wars) with old fealties and with

solemn customs and with their most desperate fears. Humble men

and women, out of sheer affection for their kind, revolted, and finally there came to be enough to carry a generation with them.

It took these people many centuries to rid themselves entirely of 750 IMPROVEMENT ERA

human sacrifice. During these centuries they relapsed again and

again in periods of national despair. So have we fallen back into

warfare, again and again, until in selfpity, in selfdefense, in selfassertion of the right to live, not as hitherto a few, but the whole people of the world will brook this thing no longer.

it as soon as we are willing For we can have peace. We can have

to pay the price. And the price, curiously enough, is not to be

expressed in money, nor in lives lost, nor in the abandonment of anything that makes for real national greatness. The only thing to

be sacrificed is pride. The only thing to be destroyed is the cruel

lie that lives in the existing conception of nationality. Unless the

creed of this nationalistic dogma is stamped out, the world war will be repeated again and again, with greater butchery and with greater shame.

The last war was the direct result of forces that were perfectly open in their operation and perfectly certain in their issue.

The statesmen of the world could not, or did not, rise above the provincialism of nationality. Remorselessly, or blindly, or stupidly,

will say drove the great machines of—some deliberately,—they

modern warfare into each other, head on.

And that titanic struggle taught us this, if nothing else, that any program that ignores the superlative value of human life must lead finally to disaster. Civilization based on the doctrine of nationality has failed. The old program is damned to all eternity.

The new program must rest on the idea Burns had in mind when he wrote, "a man's a man for a'that."It doesn't matter whether

he is stamped French or German, Italian or English, Scandinavian or Hebrew. Patriotism is, assuredly, one of the strongest and purest

instincts of the soul. Noble as it is, however, it cannot be regarded

as a complete and final virtue in itself, but only one step onward in the development of that final virtue which is the sentiment, not of country, but of humanity.

We all love America. We cherish her history, revere her heroes,

admire her people, hail her destiny. Noble sentiment? Yes! But

humanity is more important than nationality. One's first

duty is not to country but to mankind. "Let no man glory in

this,"says Baha, "that he loves his country. Let him rather glory

in this that he loves his fellowman."For just as surely as feudalism

gave way to nationalism, so must nationalism merge into federation in the movement of civilization.

Democracies must unite, not as nations, not as sovereignties, not as governments, but as peoples. The humanization of nations

means the passing of war.

THE CHOICE BEFORE US 751 Now there is a choice before us:

We can ally ourselves with the vanishing past. We can follow

the wasting precedents of former years. We can reerect the old

barriers, call up the old prejudices, rehabilitate the old fears, renew the old hatreds, reassert the doctrine of nationality and proceed to get ready for the next war.

Or—We can pledge our efforts to a better future. We can attempt a beautiful and original achievement, and, reflecting that

ancient saying, "nothing that is human is. to me foreign,"we can

become so united that neither militarism nor nationality nor the foolish pride of governments can ever again sow the earth with death.

Real Joy

The way to find joy in your life, young man,

Is to lose yourself in your work.

For the restless soul is the one who tries

All the uphill pulls to shirk.

Just fix a high goal for yourself, young man,

Not yourself, but the work of your hands,

Sureguided and manned by a clearset brain

And a heart that understands.

Just forget you are striving or struggling, boy.

Forget yourself and your cults,

Forget all the tiresome and wearisome hours,

With your eye on the great results.

With an interest keen and a purpose strong,

Go forth at each newborn day, Unnoted the heat or the wintry blast

Or the thorns along the way.

Remember no more the uphill climb,

Nor that you must push and sweat;

Remember no more the heavy road

The end you've no need to forget.

In the world's mad rush for pleasure, boy,

In its wild stampede for a "thrill,"

Is the curse of earth and Folly's crown

And a death blow to manly will.

After all, 'tis the aim that's the noble theme;

Rewards in the harvest lurk;

And your soul will thrill when the goal you've gained.

Man, lose yourself in your work.

Tridell, Utah MRS. ALICE MORRILL

Pioneer Tourist A By Dave Rust

(Albert Tissandicr, a French traveler, visited Utah and the region north of the Grand

Canyon during the summer of 1885. The following excerpt is a translation from his book

cf travels, Six Mois Aux Etats Unis.)

The regions of Southern Utah, the to get a few moments'repose during the a tiresomeprovince of the "Mormons,"and of the intense heat of the day—really

Kaibab Plateau, in northern Arizona, are journey. The roads were mere tracks. It is

almost unknown to Americans, much less necessary to refrain from writing about the to Europeans. Major Powell, director of number of bumps experienced and the

the Geological Survey at Washington, durgrievous state of our persons, unrecoging fifteen years, has made numerous exnizable on account of the clouds of dust plorations in this curious country, and produced by the wheels of the wagon.

by his grace and kindly counsel I was able Twelve hours we passed thus without to make this remarkable journey. much charm, until we arrived finally at

village, which From Salt Lake City the railroad conCedar City, a "Mormon"ducted me in thirteen hours to Milford, was certainly an oasis after the long, where the grand excursion really commonotonous route pursued since morning.

menced. This small journey on rails in This village had lovely avenues planted

the "Mormon"country did not resemble with trees, brick houses and enclosed yards any other. After having passed the valley filled with fruits and vegetables. Rivulets

and borders of Utah Lake, there wasin of living water descend from the mounview only the perspective of arid and sandy tain.

deserts. The stations and stops were very Mr. Lund was a "Mormon."He knew

primitive. One of them, by the name of all the inhabitants and his first care was

"Juab/'the most remarkable, perhaps, to conduct me to the bishop of Cedar, who was composed of six or seven wooden gave us entertainment for the night. The

houses. The railroad had given it birth. bishop was cultured. His wife appeared to

At the close of the day we dined with be intelligent. It was she who served us

the conductor and his aides at one side of at the table. The home, irreproachably

the baggage car. neat, served as an asylum for the rare

A single traveler, Mr. Lund, kept me travelers who pass through. It was also

company in the train. The cooking was the telegraph office. There were carpets

done in a frying pan. If the provisions everywhere, papers lay on the table. The

of the employees were modest, they were young daughters of the bishop, to close none the less offered with a good heart. the evening, played on the organ. One

The recompense demanded was insigof the boys sang some romantic songs nificant. with the girls. We visited several "MorThe severe panorama of mountains and mon"farmers at Cedar. In all the houses

plains developed drearily enough. At nine I noted the same order and neatness and

o'clock in the evening we arrived at Milin a country so far comfort—unbelievable

ford. A little house constructed of removed from civilization. It was necesplanks was the hotel. sary to depart at three in the morning.

At seven in the morning, with Mr. Mr. Lund accompanied me. We said

Lund, my amiable companion. I entered adieu to the good bishop and his family.

the postwagon which wasto take us to Every one arose to wish us the traditional

Silver Reef. The vehicle was without "bon voyage."

springs, the cover had a hole in the top, About one o'clock we arrived at Silver and it was impossible to lean back in order Reef and entered the grand rocks of Utah.

A PIONEER TOURIST 753

Certainly the character of this country fifteen hours of travel, we stopped at does not resemble in the least any of the Pipe Spring. In spite of the advanced

countries of Europe. The vegetation lies hour of the night, we were graciously reon the sandy soil of green, white, rose, ceived. The gate to the fort was opened

yellow, gold, of the most brilliant hues. at our call, and we spent the night enThe mountains, mostly of sandstone, are veloped in our blankets. The next day

vivid with similar colors. The diverse at noon we arrived at Kanab.

tints shading from one to the other give Kanab is situated on the bank of a river, a strange, indescribable effect. almost always dried Mp. The great rocks

I stopped a day at Silver Reef, a small of red sandstone bound the village on one town of about four hundred inhabitants side. It had a population of about five

from various parts of the world, Chinese, hundred souls. Isolation was complete,

Indians, Irish, Canadians, Americans, even but by industry, they were connected with some Sisters of Charity. Silver Reef was the most fortunate cities of their counon a boom because of silver mines distry. The telegraph was installed here.

covered there several years before. Mr. Each house was in an enclosure surrounded

Allen, director of one of the mines, wished with a hedge of yellow rose bushes. The

me to visit his. In the six years that it streets were bordered with acacias. The

had been exploited it had produced about "Mormons"love gardens and tend them $18,000,000. - with great care.

Before bidding me goodbye, Mr. Lund Nathan Adams, who was to be my fupresented me to the guide who was to ture guide, extended me hospitality. There

conduct me to Kanab. He was a Canadian was no hotel in Kanab. It was necessary

who spoke French well, educated in Canto lodge with an inhabitant or camp out ada in a family of relatively easy means. in the open. Kanab was the central point

He was a curious type. He had dissipated at which to outfit to make excursions into

all his allowance. After shipping as a the Grand Canyon country.

sailor, he became a miner. In San FranMy first journey in company with Nacisco he grew rich, but was ruined three than had for its objective Mount Trumtimes in a few years through speculation bull and the Toroweap, a trip of about

and was reduced to a common laborer. seven days. At the single village store

He was then a liveryman, and was we bought some preserved foods, and other thoroughly convinced that he would make things; there was scarcely any variety or

his fortune a fourth time. possible choice. Nathan led the way with

We installed ourselves in a wagon as his son who was a useful aide. We had

uncomfortable as that which brought me for ourselves three horses and another to Silver Reef, and the roads were not less one for our baggage.

bad. Happily, the country is magnificent. The regular life of the tourist organized

The rocks of the Virgin River are of rose itself about like this: Get up at four in

color and silver gray, and I regarded with the morning, breakfast at five, with the surprise their toothshape silhouettes in a tablecloth on the grass. We had bacon,

thousand fantastic shapes. We passed preserved salmon, water, and bread which

through the village of Toquerville, all the Nathan made three times a day. The tired

houses of which are hidden under trees and animals had nothing to eat but meagre vines. grass and sometimes hardly any water.

The solitudes commenced again. Several times we passed an entire day withThroughout the journey we were in the out any drinkable water. The heat made

desert. We encountered the Vermilion the water we carried very hard to drink.

Cliffs, a long chain of red sandstone mounBut the originality and splendor of the tains which dominate the grand prairie. country compensates largely for the want

As we journeyed into the night, the moonof complete comfort; one becomes rapidly

light illuminated all these grand scenes. accustomed to these small miseries.

At midnight, our horses fatigued by their On leaving Kanab, it was necessary to 754 IMPROVEMENT ERA

go back by way of Pipe Spring, one of relatively straight, this valley is enclosed by the rare spots where good water is found. colossal rocks of surprising colors. That

The inhabitants had already shown me evening we had no reason to complain at hospitality; this time I was received with our encampment at the foot of a wall

marked cordiality by the mistress of the like a fortress. Shaded by an old cedar,

house and her daughters. If I was aswe were on a plateau of rounded sandstone.

tonished at Cedar City by the welcome The scene changed but it was* none and attentions of the bishop, I was much the less stunning. Here at my feet was

more so at Pipe Spring. I wish to be the grand precipice of the Toroweap, at

sincere. These "Mormon"women were the foot of which flowed the Colorado.

distinguished and cultured in spite of the It was a matchless spectacle of erosion over fact that they were, in reality, only peasants three thousand feet deep. We were comliving in a savage and lonely place. In the pelled to make detours along the rim and

depths of our French country, in the least at each instant were presented more and known corners of our provinces, our more admirable views. We could not

fellowcitizens of the fields are a thousand camp long on the Toroweap plateau betimes less solitary than these people of cause of shortage of water. Nathan and

Utah and Arizona, and yet I can say they his son discovered a little stagnant rain are often less civilized. All about Pipe water in a crevice of the rocks but only

Spring herds of cattle pasture, watched our horses could drink it.

over by cowboys, hardy young men habiWe returned to Kanab by the same tuated to privations. I said goodbye to route in order to organize an excursion to

my gracious hostesses. Several cowboys the Kaibab. Upon arriving at the village,

wished me good health and "fresh water we were told that the Indians who often to drink,"while helping me to mount my camped in the vicinity, and among whom horse. I counted on finding a guide, had departed

We left the high escarpment of the Verto hunt deer in the forests of the Kaibab.

milion Cliffs to enter a real desert of They would not come back for a month.

desolate aspect. The horses traveled with I could not wait so long and commenced

difficulty in the powdery sands. The least to wonder if I would be able to continue

breeze raised at a distance small whirlmy journey. Nathan knew the country

winds. Under our feet numerous flowers well but he did not wish to take the reit was the month of June, a sponsibility of conducting me alone intogrew—but

little later everything would be burnt and this wilderness. He said, "I must have an

nothing left but dreary dryness. We enIndian with me; only they know how to

countered some antelope, and a troupe of orient themselves in the virgin forests."

wild horses. At the close of the day, we The "Mormons"advised me to go straight

emerged from the sands for we were apto the camp of the Indians, probably near a proaching Mount Trumbull. The numspring a long day's journey from Kanab.

erous clinkers which covered the earth Once there, Nathan, who knew some words attested to the disorders of past cycles. The of the Ute language, could certainly find

aspect of the route changes, and one can a guide. I was satisfied to follow this adsee a sort of sea of lava relatively recent. vice, and we left at once.

A mountain covered with meagre verdure The same evening at sunset we arrived borders the coulees which are black as the at Mangum Spring where we found the

Styx. camp as indicated by the "Mormons."It

We descended with difficulty from all was an improvised installation of eight or these rocks, leading our horses. Most of nine tents in a clearing; about twenty Inthe horses in this country are not shod; dians with their squaws and children.

in consequence, the clinkers bruised their Their tents were made from branches cut feet. However, there was no other route from neighboring trees, with a poor piece

to follow to reach the sandy valley of the of cloth or an animal skin covering these

Toroweap close to the canyon. Long and simple shelters. We camped near the In-

A PIONEER TOURIST 755

dians to get the benefit of the spring. Our as if by enchantment, from the Kaibab

horses fraternized with those of the savages 600 meters above their cabin.

and disappeared into the underbrush. Near Nathan introduced me. "This,"said he,

us under the pines were two shacks of "is a Parisian who has come to sketch the

Americans; they had some cattle, and like canyons of Arizona."I showed my colthe Indians lived in the forest with their lection of rough sketches. On seeing them,

families. Messrs. Gibson and Gillett were filled with

After supper the Indians paid me a visit. enthusiasm. "Stay with us,"they said,

a treasure to show you. We will I gave them a little of Nathan's bread and "we have

some sips of coffee. The children, almost lend you horses while yours rest."This

treasnaked, approached me. They were timid, lively friendliness charmed me. The

but a few grains of sugar sufficed to calm ure was a view of the Marble Canyon, them. Nathan explained as best he could which Nathan did not know. We accepted

of the best excurmy presence and the purpose of my trip. their proposition,—one

The next morning I returned the visit sions of the whole trip.

and saw their women, who, unfortunately, John, our Indian, seeing that we could are rarely pretty. During this time Nareturn from here to Kanab without his asthan was getting information from a guide. sistance, disappeared in the forest with his

Under his persuasions, a young Indian horse without saying goodbye and withwho was making his toilet in his tent out obtaining the money which was due decided to accompany us>. His name was him. Nathan had said that he would pay

John Panickos. His face was painted. I him at Kanab. That satisfied him; he

cannot think of a more handsome guide. had confidence.

He demanded $1.25 a day for himself Our hosts desired to show us their herds

and horse. That was agreed at once, and of cattle and horses. "We have been forwe started immediately. tunate this season, "said Mr. Gibson, "we

Through the forest we traveled for two have branded 500 calves. If this condays and arrived at Point Sublime. It tinues for a few years, we will have enough

is one of the most interesting on the Kaidollars to return your visit in Paris and bab. I stopped, dazzled and fascinated. to finish the rest of our existence in one of

When contemplating such a picture, I the large American cities."

cannot believe that I am really on the Our adieus were very affectionate. On

earth. It is a consecrated country. For the return, we camped at Cane Spring. In

several days I experienced the same sentithe morning about four, a band of horses ments of admiration. Between the colosdriven by a cowboy rushed in with a

sal fissures I saw from time to time the gallop. After having assuaged their thirst,

Colorado, its waters flowing beneath the they returned to the desert range. The efprecipices and lost in fantastic bends at a fect was startling. The young cowboy

depth of 1800 meters below me. remained behind, and asked permission to

I made a number of sketches. During accompany me. This was a favor easy to

the hours that I was drawing, our Indian accord. Nathan in the meantime was

armed with a flintlock musket hunted baking our daily bread.

deer. Thanks to him, we had plenty of I left Cane Spring with Nathan and my

choice meat. cowboy. We made a pretty hard stage, five

We descended, through inextricable hours in the desert under the full blaze of forests, the east side of the plateau into the sun, before arriving at Houserock, a the Pagump valley. Here two young spring almost as solitary as that which we

Americans living in a small cabin were left behind, except that here we found a taking care of horses and cattle. We were cabin occupied by an old man and a young

for them a distraction: an Indian, a "Morboy.

mon,"a Frenchman and four horses apMy last night in Arizona I spent at pearing suddenly. They ran to meet us, Navajo Well, a most solitary spot. Here

very happy to talk with mortals descended, we found, between two rocks, a trough 756 IMPROVEMENT ERA

filled with water. It was a sort of naentirely isolated. Only a few books, and

tural cistern. People came here to drink some maps hung on the wall of the comfor there was a long journey ahead over mon room. Rarely these solitary farmthe sands. This was an open place. The ers received news from the outside; there

red walls tinted the horizon. The last were not many letters expected. The

rays of daylight faded little by little. The postman passed in his primitive carriage,

moon commenced to give us light. From in which he had place for a traveler; but

the sages the crickets gave us a final conhe did not often make distribution at the cert merged with plaintive cries of doves houses. At some point along his route,

roosting in the stunted cedars and the a wooden box was attached to a post, tinkling of our horsebells, a charming to receive letters and parcels. The "Mordiversion in the quiet of the wild plain. mon"who hoped for news often rode a

Back to Kanab, I had to prepare to long distance to see if something addressed reenter civilization at Salt Lake City. to him might be in this box.

a lively faith in Like the rest, this last portion of my trip The "Mormons"have will always be interesting. From Kanab their religion. They receive baptism and

to Panguitch the country is not less inin other ways follow as closely as possible credible than that of Arizona. It is even the biblical customs.

in the promore curious, more extraordinary, withAfter my curious sojourn

I can assert out being so grand. The colors of the vince of Utah and Arizona,

rocks of Southern Utah are absolutely exthat the "Mormons"are hospitable, kind traordinary. I asked myself if, in reality, to strangers, mild and well instructed. Most

I was not dreaming these things which I of them take an interest in affairs of civildrew and tried to describe. ization. I often think with pleasure of

the cordial and touching reception; they Near Marysvale, I found more magas a more brother—what nificent scenes in the mountains. I was received me

could I ask? Upon returning to Salt reminded of the rocky defiles of the

Lake City, I was glad to see again some

Pyrenees; the same vegetation and similar kindly people who had aided me with adcascades. At Monroe, the same as at MarysGovernor of the Territory, M. vice—the vale, the verdure had a gay and refreshing Murray, and Andre l'Orme, attache of the

appearance. French Consulate. My adieus soon put

The "Mormon"families in these rean end to this, since I had to rush into mote regions lived after the manner of the other adventures and remain two days in ancient pastoral people. They were often a new sleepingcar.

Kanab, Utah.

The Neglected Grave of a "Mormon"Pioneer

Was it for this he strove:

This unfrequented path I see, This grave unkept, sunken, rude,

Unmarked save for a blackened board,

Symbol of man's ingratitude?

Men of today, I understand it not.

Was this the end for which he toiled and fought?

THE NEGLECTED GRAVE OF A "MORMON"PIONEER 757

This restingplace in ruin and decay,

These rank weeds feeding o'er his head,

This broken fence, this gate moulding in the mire,

This mean abandon of the deathless dead?

Have you forgotten how his winged faith

Outsoared the torments of Nauvoo;

How his brave heart and ready hand

Turned to the tasks ahead and saw them through

Through the black night when demons hissed

Their taunting whisperings of death;

Through brooding mists when Hope's faint voice

Called at the dawn with tremulous breath?

Have you forgotten, men of this smug day,

How this man sleeping here met faces

Purple with fever, eyes that begged rest, lips that spoke of heaven,

Praying in the speech of many races?

His all he shared, leaving his own oft scant.

Parted his bread, his drink, the shelter o'er his head,

Soothing racked souls mumbling in the dark.

"How peaceful is the journey of the dead!"

'Tis told he was a savior in those weary weeks

Of stumbling on through heat and wind and rain;

That oft he sang to children huddled near the fire

When darkness brimmed the overwhelming plain;

That, one night on the Platte, Death's Angel snatched

From his arms his winsome lad of three;

He buried him beside the frontier flood,

Thanking the Father for a friendly tree.

One of the first to plow this valley's sod,

He saw its rise, its seasons come and go,

Its people build their homes, its children multiply,

Its cities spread, its fields and orchards grow.

Was it for this he strove:

This unfrequented path I see, This bed beneath weed rising high

From the sweet earth which he once tilled

Under the glory of the morning sky?

Men of today, have ease and fortune driven

Remembrance to the wilderness?

Will you not pause a moment in your play

To make e'en now some measure of redress?

Lethbridge, Canada FRANK C STEELE

Graveyard of a Distant Era A A Time When Epitaphs Were Written by Animals

By Frank Beckwith Look at the photo of an ancient marine a fivepound lard pail full. My friend

animal, compressed in the shale of its own filled four handkerchiefs', which he tombstone, and then think of walking dumped into his hat, and in all, with that into a graveyard in which the epitaphs trip and four more during the same seawere written by the animals themselves! son, I must have found more than seven

Yet, that may be done in Millard thousand. I was enabled, after giving

county, and a story gleaned of the gray away numbers to friends, to send the dawn of time, in a distant past before Smithsonian Institution 3,300 specimens, any creature had a backbone. embracing eleven species, one of which is

It is a curious autograph album. quite rare, and another species found in

You recall the method of preserving the House Range only.

a flower by placing it between the leaves of a book, then shutting the volume tight What the Tombstone Says of to protect the delicate tissue from light John's Life and air, and later subjecting it to pressure, and that by so doing a dainty

Let us visualize the life of our triloflower may be preserved in its original bite; let us call him "John."Let usfreshness almost indefinitely. Well, just

bring him close to us, and reconstructso Mother Nature took a small marine inanimal, called a Trilobite (the word his environment, with living, "human means "three lobes"), laid him gently in terest"appeal.

death on a soft sea bottom, in the ooze When John was young he swam more on the floor, and quickly covered him or less freely on the surface of the water.

light, not theover with sediment before decomposition He was then thin and could set in, and under that cover was corpulent, large, heavy person he was later he preserved precisely like the flower beto become, slowmoving, sedate, and a tween the pages of the that stayat-home. As a free swimmer he book—except scientists find the samein this case Mother Nature piled tons roamed—for

upon tons of sediment and sea water upon species in British Columbia and in New

York that are found in Utah, and cousinshim and his coverlet, and squeezed the the day of gadding wasmud into enduring rock. Her book was in China. When

littlea stone volume with shale leaves! over, John chose a sheltered nook, a

In the most prolific field of fossil triloalcove or inlet, where food was good, and wave action at a minimum, and therebites I chanced to find, I dug out a few specimens from between thin layers of he "settled down."

shale, tightly compressed, the rock an The trilobite which is pictured at the eighth inch thick and of a dovecolored commencement of this article is named grayish blue. Those were safely ensconced Asaphiscus wheeleri; the first word means

in their coverlets, their long sleep un- "dimly marked;"that is, his wide, flat

broken, beautifully preserved. Weathered margin, so evident in the photo, is dimly

out from between the leaves of the stone marked. The second word means that

book, lying free upon the ground, scathe was named after Wheeler, who contered here and there, trod on by sheep, ducted a survey in this part of Utah and many of them broken by the sharp many years ago. The other trilobite pichoofs, I found so large a number that in tured is named Ptychoparia kingi, the

four hours of intense work I gathered first word of which means "folding

A GRAVEYARD OF A DISTANT ERA 759

check,"and the second, "to the honor of of legs; one set sturdy, strong, fitted with

King."claws on the ends, the leg member in six

The Powell purvey, and later the segments, as is the case with presentday

Wheeler survey, encountered many huncrustaceans. And he had another set of

dreds of trilobites near Wheeler Amphilegs, with a fringe of tiny tubes hanging theatre; the choice little spot "slept"or down from them, which tubes presented

was "lost"for several decades until I a great surface to the water, just exactly as happened to tumble onto it when hunting radiator tubes present much surface to the for water, tired, discouraged, and having cooling air. John's tubes were not given to

given up hope of finding them. A very him to lose heat to the air, but to extract

lucky circumstance. oxygen from water. Thus he got that

Both the trilobites I picture lived in lifesustaining gas. The scientific name

Middle Cambrian time, when not a living for these tubes is "setae,"tiny, hollow, creature had a backbone. An outer enhair-like tubes, so very fine that they look

casing shell, called a carapace, was the like a suspended fringe of delicate silk best provision of that time on which to athanging from his legs. They served as

thattach muscles for the leverage of movement. gills. Think of gills on legs!—but

John had this advantage though on his was long ago. Now we see a fish

neighbor shell was seg- "breathe"the water through his gills, creatures—his

mented, articulated, so that some of his opening and closing them, as he passes kind could curl up (some quite tightly, gulp after gulp over those tiny, bloodothers less so) to protect their soft vitals raw, breathing organs of his. But John

from attack by enemies. He had two sets was not so finely constructed.

Photos by Frank Becktvith Left: The epitapth of the Trilobite's own body on his tombstone. Technical name. "Bathyuriscus,"

one of eleven different species found in Millard county.

Right: A diagramatic hand drawing of Ptychoparia kingi Meek, he of the folded cheek. Note

well the eyes, and the segments of his middle, which add a new pair at each moulting in some species. These trilobites are found abundantly in Millard county.

760 IMPROVEMENT ERA

John had eyes. Both the animals I signature, written by his many legs, is a

show in the illustrations could see. But readable record of his time and day preclose relatives of John burrowed into the served all these years.

1 'mud. and were blind. I found dozens of Was ever signature so odd.

these latter, spiderlike, manylegged John was an animal like the coyote.

bugs, heads concealed in the bottom, their a scavenger. His was the task of cleantail parts only above the mud; and about ing up the sea bottoms. He lived largely

them are many of the debris of conon flesh, flesh of his own kind, or any temporaneous shells, flesh which fell to the sea bottom, prolife—brachiopod

things which look like worms- (annelids, vided only that such flesh be soft, for they are called,) and parts of other kinds John was "a gummer;"he had no teeth.

of this rich confusion of The inner sections of his main legs worked trilobites—all

life lay on the slab of limestone, a verithe food toward his mouth, shredding it table quarry for the student. in the act of working it forward, for that

In John's younger days, like certain part of bis legs was like the flail on a crabs or lobsters, he took to solitude, binder; rakes with spines on them, which

rubbed against anything hard, and lo! moved the shredded fibers forward under

he began to pry off him, by twistings him to his mouth. The last three pair

and squirmings and rubbings, his upper of these flaillike rakes were shorter, and coat, or carapace, and stepped out, a had sharper teethspines set in them, finer brandnew, shiny, brilliant creature, a and closer together, to shred the food quite glory to behold! His new raiment was minutely, so that it could enter his small

of thin, spotless chiton, which from the mouth.

wear of the next year was to lose the luster of freshness, when it in turn would Scientific Interest in the Trilobite be discarded for a new top coat. In other

The trilobite is the most popular smallwords, John "moulted."

He is very, very important, for In s-ome species of trilobites, each time fossil.

it is thought that from his family treethe shell was moulted, he added a new sprang the eurypterid, which was the seapair of thoracic segments, taken from the

A succeeding geologic age protail; the tail grew shorter and the thorax scorpion.

vided abundant verdure on the land, andlonger. He became large of girth and

behold! this relative of John's was createdportly. "Quite as my tall—around,"an air breather, and the wonders of alltailor says.

further complex creation began.

One of the closest living relatives'to John's Signature

John is the presentday Horseshoe Crab;

As John became big and heavy, his another a shrimplike creature, called an sturdy legs became more vigorous, necesApus; and the tiny little "Brine Shrimp"

sarily stronger to carry that greater bulk; of Great Salt Lake is thought to be in the

and when those many legs shoved his big same line of descent.

person along in the soft mud and ooze, John was one of the first highly orthe act of walking under those difficulties ganized creatures of which we have caused his legs to "dig in,"making a deep abundant evidence in fossils. There is

track or trail, as accurate as a signature. more interest in him, in his manifold

That written signature has been found forms, than possibly any other fossil abundantly, frozen into stone. They creature in small size. Whole volumes,

are oftimes called "crusiana,"and the and large ones at that, have been written

Smithsonian Institution pictures many of about John. His least idiosyncracy has

them. The late Charles D. Walcott menbeen made the subject of ponderous tome.

tions having found them in a canyon Thirtytwo hundred species of him have only four miles from where I worked. been examined, catalogued, and photoIt is certainly unique to me that John's graphs placed on record.

A GRAVEYARD OF A DISTANT ERA 761

The reason we find him now, so well on John's tomb. His sarcophagus was

preserved, after all these long years, is not rifled by the ruthless hand of time, because his "top coat,"or carapace, was nor shattered by earthquake. Many

made of a nitrogenous substance, called changes went on; yes, this great uplift

chiton, which is very much like our occurred more than once; but all "as

finger nails. It peculiarly withstands gently as a mother lays her babe to bed."

chemical action, and, being so well laid Mountain ranges were made, and even away in our autograph album, there was bore great glaciers which made a lake no mechanical injury to it. He has been with water one thousand feet deep over

found in black, oily rock, where condithe very spot where now I write this tions were just right for preservation withJohn's everlasting slumbers, message—but

out injury, in so excellent a state that in that soft, enfolding, protecting ooze, facets of his compound eyes in some were not broken until I visited him on species have actually been counted, and a camping trip.

found to be 28,000 pair! The lowest

number of facets is four. The Vista

Oh! The glorious vista of geology!

John's Record of Millard County a panorama of untold years; of creation going forward in orderly sequence John tells us, from the rock he is in,

upon sequence, species following species,from the sea weed alongside of him, and and genera succeeding genera; a new andfrom the other marine creatures—clams, better order of things that are followworms, and various shell fishes—around ing things that were at every step. Ithim, that he lived in somewhat shallow

is the creative process, sorting, choosing,marine waters. This mean3, that the

bettering, and at times, discarding thatarea in Millard county which now has which has served its end. It is God everan altitude of 6,700 feet, where his represent in his work.mains are found, was once submerged beis Intelligence!neath sea level. The Glory of God

Think what a vast, incomprehensible InFrom the sea weed along with him telligence planned this all! It transcends

(called fucoid), it means that this form the grasp of humans! Think of theof vegetation existed at that time. Tiny mightiness of that spiritual mind which

shelled creatures, half as large as a dime, foresaw all of this that is, even as an existed then, living alongside of John, architect foresees the finished building which continue down to today, in the before a blue print is even made. As

species of brachiopods, called Lingulella.

Emerson states, God sees nature as "aBut John and his descendants became extransparent law."

tinct at about the time coal was laid in

Price, or a little later. The Author Present in it All

John's record, of course, was written long before lava flowed near Fillmore; I once knew a very kind, old, silverlong before the great shrinking earth haired man of many years, who was the

"faulted"along that line which forms the soul of ideality. For a long time I was

Wasatch Range, just east of Salt Lake City. daily in his company. He was a student

He preceded that time in Millard county of science, and a practicing physician of when Delta (if Delta had been there then) high medical standing. I learned to love,

would have been under the waves of the honor, and venerate that man for his big, freshwater lake which evaporated innate worth, and thought of him as a down to the one now so highly mineralfather. (My own father was dead.)

ized by concentration, and called Great Never was there another man, with whom

Salt Lake. I came in contact, whose conversation

But whatever occurred (and there were was so uplifting, whose whole tone was many changes) no violent hand was laid so worthy, who lived on so high a level, 762 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and who so carried one upward to his "My boy, always, every morning, no own high plane, as did he. He was matter where, or in what company, I face

an ardent student of geology and the Splendor of Creation, wherein is the astronomy. physical embodiment most manifest of the

At one time we camped out, just he Author of This All, and I say:

and I alone. Never did sage hold disciple more spellbound with a flow of 'O God! Give me the vision to see,

wisdom than did he. He had mined deeply And the understanding to interpret.'

in his gathering of knowledge, and had culled with a high spirituality from a I ask it for the day. I begin each day

vast and extensive study. I was of that yearning that I might know."

impressionable age when it sank in deep- "Come. We will chant it in unison,"

ly, and that imprint has never been efhe said, and led me forth.

faced. No topic left that teacher's hands

As I said, I was at the impressionable but was worthily treated. No subject

age, and certainly that imprinted its meswas his unless it was worthy, and, in his since. Nowchoice, he took you upon heights to view sage deeply. It is many years

a-days we have "Fathers and Sons'Outit, and, in that rarefied air of his inings,"but never was one closer than that, tellectuality, tried your fledgling wings.

at As in all camping trips, one finally nor one more indelible. The next day

sunrise, I walked a few steps with him comes to know the other most intimately. We really became acquainted on that trip, toward the east; he halted,—a silence

the depth of emotion stirred although he had known me from infancy. wait—the—and then THE SUN! I chanted in Each morning he left the bed first,

unison with him. From that time I withdrew toward the east a short space

came away wishing to be a man, though in retirement, and there he faced the rising sun; I noted that he prayed. And I saw, of boy's years; wishing for continuance

I venerated too, that from prayer he 'turned to face of contact with that sage.

all the more. Certhe four cardinal points-, took in each my aged companion

object to be seen in a survey of all that tainly never such another man. Never

was around him, and then again faced the such another teacher of youth. And was

rising glory of day. With head bowed ever youth more favored?

and lips moving, he finished. This was What a simple prayer! Yet how allrepeated daily, out in those wilds, as embracing! Merely to ask for the vision

though to place him in tune with the to see, to search, to explore, to delve

Infinite for the rest of the day. for knowledge. And then to yearn for

Seemingly, he set the chronometer of the understanding of a correct interpretato make it my own; his inner man daily to a standard by that tion. He told me

act! to take it as a guide for life, even as he

With courage in hand, I decided to be had done. He told me on that trip that

present and hear that aspiration of his not a change in species occurred, not a inner self, for I knew it would be worthy. mutation in seemingsudden rise, but that

it All directed, willed and Next morning I said (I latterly called him the Author of "father"): brought into being the urge, which the

"Teach me your prayer, will you, creature obeyed and thought its own, wilfather?"ful, voluntary act.

He hesitated; searched me through and Next morning 1 chanted the simple

through with a keen, piercing, critical devotion in unison for the second time.

gaze, weighing. Evidently he was conBut why the survey to the cardinal points?

tent with the boyish idolatry of my hero Why sweep the horizon with a survey worship, and thought my motive sincere, which took in all? Was there yet somefor he placed his hand upon my shoulder thing I had not gotten, something withand said: held? For after we had chanted as one,

A GRAVEYARD OF A DISTANT ERA 763

"O God! Give me the vision to see, of a spiritual day, illumined from within

And the understanding to interpret,"as was the day without, he said:

Visi t0 n mC east afterI noticed the that again "? he faced 9?! to interpretAnd understanding lips the cardinal his points, moved.from *f Thee as Present in al things.

as though repeating an afterthought, and r, was allembracing surveyI said boldlv t

',... around! For all that he saw, he saw

.:in:it., ever.MJMpresent Father, teach me it all. nuod

Our eyes met, level, fixed. He * * * *

searched penetratingly for motive, worth; j h n Trilobite, you have not lived in

what reception would be accorded to his va in. Nor have you been a lowly insacred thoughts? Should he bare his soul 9tructor. To have brought this message

to its inmost depths? Did the aspirant back to me, over the span of years, vivid,

ask in all sincerity. clear, spoken in your being from a past

Apparently he was satisfied, for he said so far distant that it is vague, shadowy, simply, "I will. We'll set the day right gray in the dawn of time, you indeed speak

for two."And again facing the orb of with eloquence. I hope there are other

day, but just barely risen, marking the youths in my audience who receive vour dawn of a new era to me, the beginning message.

Bryce Canyon

Nature's hall of sculptured art,

Carved with infinite skill And endless patience in the heart

Of farflung Western hills!

Unspoiled beauty, majestic, grand,

Deepetched by wind and flood, Within a barren waste of land For ages thus had stood.

Graven forms in matchless white,

On pedestals of dun, Seem transparent in the light Of newly risen sun.

The brown and pink and dun, and, then,

The forms in brilliant red, Speak of the race of silent men

Who lived, and fought, and bled.

The land no longer barren lies;

Thy grace can't hidden be.

Another race now turns its eyes

And eager steps to thee.

Peace and rest for the weary soul

And strength for the tired feet

Of those who pause at thy mighty bowl,

Sheer lovliness to meet.

Payson. Utah C. A. RUSSELL

a Maid With a Man The Way of By Linda S. Fletcher

Carmenita cautiously parted the she thought. "The ideal lover to win the

branches of the thick squawberry bushes, admiration of all the femininity of the behind which she had concealed herself, world!"Carmenita was of the movies and

and peered through. Yes, there he was found it easiest to express her admiraagain, just where she had seen him the tion in terms of the screen.

morning before. He was seated on a "Well, well, always at it so early!"It

camp stool before an easel, working upon was the hearty voice of Jim Maddock, the his painting of The Altar of Sacrifice, forest ranger, who was just rounding a a magnificent pinnacle that towered becurve in the canyon road on his way from fore them across the canyon. It is one of his home in the village below, some few

the many richhued peaks that have won miles. As he neared the artist, who

for the colorful Zion Canyon the appellasmiled a welcome as he finished a careful tion, "Jewel of the Desert."stroke, Maddock threw the reins over

The girl raised her eyes to the towering his horse's head and, dismounting, came inspiration for artist and poet to the artist's side. There he stood gazingheight—fit

thought that it was indeed a rich critically at the picture.—and

reward for her earlymorning walk to be good. You're getting "Hum—prettyable to see the first rays of the hidden the old canyon's coloring true. Most of

sun turn to glowing crimson the stains the artists that come here don't do that.

that ensanguined the creamy slopes of the They daub on bright colors and don't peak and made its arresting name sigmake their painting natural at all."

nificant. "Glad you like it, Maddock."The

But best of all was the thrill she expeartist flushed boyishly at the praise; and

rienced as she watched the slender, sensiCarmenita, in her place of concealment, tive hands of the artist transfer this marvel murmured to herself: "How charming he

of scenic beauty to the canvas before him. is!"

An inexplicable tenderness, accentuated no "That is what I want so much to do, it on my canvas true."doubt by the morning's loveliness and flow-—get

erscented fragrance, filled Carmenita's dark His eyes glowed as he gazed in rapture eyes as she allowed them to rest on the at the peak.

slender, broadshouldered figure before her, "Did you ever see anything more wonso graceful in its pongee shirt, breeches derful?"he asked. "With the sun on it,

of brown corduroy, and high, laced boots, one could well believe that those red sandAs he occasionally rose from his seat to stone splashes washed down the sides are stand back and study hist canvas, she indeed blood stains of the sacrificial altar."

caught glimpses of a perfect Grecian nose, "Well, blood has mingled with those lips slightly full but repressed to a mere stains at that,"responded Maddock. "Did

graceful curve, and deep eyes of vivid grayyou ever hear the story of the Altar of green, under redbrown brows. His hair, Sacrifice, Vaughn?"

thick and with the suggestion of a wave in "Is there a story?"Julian Vaughn's

its brushed smoothness, was of the same voice was eager. "I should like to bear

color as his brows; and Carmenita found it. A story gives an emotional backherself clenching her fingers, as she ground to a picture that makes it possible

glimpsed that hair, to reinforce the refor an artist to inject into his portrayal pression of her desire to run them through the essence of a mysterious something that the shining locks. makes his picture live. At least, it always

"What a leading man he would make,"affects my work that way."

THE WAY OF A MAID WITH A MAN 765

"Well, I dunno but what I might as top of the peak we call The Altar of well tell you that story now, seeing that Sacrifice."

I have stopped for a while. It is more "But you have not described her to me,"

habit than necessity that bringsme into Julian interrupted. "Was she beautiful.''"

the canyon so early. That moving picture Maddock smiled. "There spoke the

bunch I told you about want me to help artist. But I was seeing her so plainly

them today, but they won't be working that I forgot you could not visualize her, yet awhile."too. Her Indian blood wasapparent only

He eased his rather stiff, tall, bony in the straightness of her blueblack hair eyes.body to the vegetationcovered ground. and the dusky depths of her luminous

When he was comfortably seated on the Her skin was fair, her nose exquisitely ahardy mountain verdure, he took off his straight and slender, and her mouth widebrimmed hat, revealing an expanse luscious thing of inviting curves-. The

of hairless dome above his kindly weathdeep carmine of her cheeks may have held something of Indian heritage. Ah, theerbeaten countenance, drew his sandyfelllashed blue eyes to mere slits, as if he lithe grace of her! The cowboy

madly in love with her sweetness and wildwould concentrate on his narrative, and charm."began:

Carmenita started. He might have been

"This happened a great many years ago, describing her own dark beauty. She

when the whites first set out to subdue recalled the preview of her most noted thissouthern country. Piute The thieving in picture charher which picture,—theIndians were not very friendly, got and we acterization of the sort of Indian maiden

into a great many scraps. At that time Maddock had described had won for her

they had living with them up in this part the coveted stardom. She was now in

of the country a white girl in whose veins the canyon making pictures for her first flowed some Indian blood,—father was a starring vehicle. But Maddock had requarter breed, I believe. He had come sumed:

back to live with the Indians after the "Well things went on this way for some death of his white wife, bringing the girl time. One night, however, when the cowwith him. She loved the wild beauty of boy returned from his tryst with the

the country and seemed happy enough with maiden, he found a band of young braves the Indians; but after her father's- death. driving off the cattle he had gathered into

she spent most of the time by herself, a corral preparatory to driving them to wandering around on her buckskin pony. the settlement.

She especially loved this canyon and, un- "Incensed at the thievery, he drew his like the Indians, did not fear it. An old gun and gave chase. The fierce bark of

legend makes them afraid to come here his weapon meant the death of one of the after nightfall. But Ronda, that was the thieves: and the others turned on him in

girl's name, often came here to watch the fury, their courage reviving when they moonlight on the peaks-. It was she who found that they had but one pursuer.

first found the Retreat. You have seen Knowing that it was folly to try to stand

the waterfall back of the camp?"Julian against so many, the cowboy turned and

nodded. "And she spent much of her retreated into the canyon. The Indians

time there. dared not pursue him in the dark, and

"One day while in the canyon, she he made his way down the dangerous trail, met a cowboy who was tending his small escaping unhurt.

herd of cattle on the heights above and "The next morning at dawn he climbed had ridden down a rough trail to explore the secret trail to the top of The Altar.

the country below. A romance developed The Indians searched the canyon for him

at once. They spent many moonlit hours all day but fruitlessly. When evening

on the white sands of the Retreat. She came, they set guards at all the canyon

even showed him her secret trail to the outlets in order that he might not escape.

766 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Ronda learned what had happened and the story goes on to say that, when the guessed where her lover had taken refuge. moon shines bright, Ronda waits for her

waterShe made no sign: but when night came, lover at the old trysting place,—the

made her way up the difficult trail, carryfall."

ing food and drink. She told him of his Carmenita clasped her hands and her

predicament and begged him to stay where dark eyes gleamed with excitement. Then

he was until she could arrange his escape. giving a vigorous nod of her head, she

"The next day she carried word, sped back to camp to prepare for the secretly, she thought, because she supposed day's work with the movie company.

none of the Indians knew of her love The time spent before the camera that the situation to the settlement day was unusually fatiguing, but Caraffair—of

near the mouth of the canyon and asked menita went through her scenes with early, that armed men be sent to the cowboy's unquenchable vivacity. Work ended

aid. But she was spied upon, the Indians as the sun does not long illumine this

learned of her treachery to them; and that canyon of skypiercing heights; and she

night when she started into the canyon forgot her weariness at the end of exacting with the message of hope and more food scenes, so well was she sustained by an for her lover, a bullet from the gun of a inner elation. She asked the maid to

concealed Indian dealt her a mortal wound. bring her dinner to the housetent she

On she rode, however, and at last reached occupied, however, and sent word to the her lover's hiding place, only to fall from director that she planned to retire early.

spent. Shortly after dark, Julian Vaughn made her pony into his arms,—almost

She told him that help would come with his way to the Retreat, a boulderenclosed the dawn, asked him to kiss her, and bit of beauty back of the Wiley camps.

died in his arms."As he rounded the huge rock at the enFor a few moments after the story had trance, he paused in wonder.

ceased, the two men sat musing in silence. On the white sands of the sheltered

Then Maddock rose to his feet, replacing nook, stood a slim figure, attired in some his sombrero. indistinct garb that looked like fringe-

"And that's a true story,"he combordered khaki. Her bare, white arms

mented, "for that cowboy was my uncle were raised toward heaven and her luminand I've often heard him tell it."ous, dark eyes gazed in the same direction.

thick, black braids made sooty lines The sun was just showing an arc of Two crystal purity through the rockbroken against her dress, nearly to her knees.

if at once sensing his presence, her horizon above them. As

"Well, those movie people will want arms dropped to her sides, she bent a to get to work while the sun shines,"conwistful look upon Julian, and then fled tinued the ranger, "so I'd better be moseystraight into the waterfall, which at once ing along."He turned to his pony. engulfed her in its shimmering silver.

"Haven't decided yet to come up and meet But somehow Julian felt her presence as he sat before the cascade, studying its the actors, have you? My invitation won't

hold good much longer for they'll soon every phase, making a mental picture to be through, now."transfer to his canvas on the morrow.

Julian shook his head. "They do not Under het spell, the scene before him

interest me. But thanks for the story; became a wonder from Fairyland, potent

I enjoyed it, even if it has ended my to awaken feelings of enchantment and painting for this morning. I shall think glamorous romance. As he let this sensaof Ronda with each stroke of my brush tion permeate his being, he prayed wordas I paint this picture and the other one lessly that he might be able to incorporate

I am doing of the waterfall by moonlight. something of its mysticism into his paint-

I shall work there, tonight."ing when he should attempt to reproduce

"Perhaps, then,"said the ranger, as he the scene the next day. It was with a

mounted his horse, "you'll get to see her; sigh of regret that he at last arose to go,

THE WAY OF A MAID WITH A MAN 767

when the moon no longer illumined the "Spirit of the waterfall, I need you for enclosure. my picture. Won't you stay awhile and

As he made his way back to the caralet me sketch you?"

vanautomobile in which he was making a After a short moment of indecision, tour of the beauty spots of the West, he the vision nodded uncertainly but moved took a pathway of his own and avoided the closer to the fall, wading into the water camp. A thought was struggling for with slender bare feet, as if she wished to

credence in his mind, but he shook his convey to him that she would vanish into head as he sought to dismiss it. the cascade should he alarm her.

"Of course such beautiful things do not Julian advanced a little and set up his happen,"he muttered. "I have been so camp stool. Then he set to work on his

long alone, that my imagination is getting sketch, penciling rapidly, as if he would the better of my common sense."use to the fullest the precious moments of

Carmenita could not resist taking the bright moonlight.

trail the next morning that led to Julian's His model said nothing until she saw easel. She wanted to see more of him him glance impatiently at the fast disand this time was hers. appearing moon. His time for sketching

On location, she playfully reminded was over. Then her voice, seeming but

Maddock that he had not as yet produced the echo of the rhapsody of the waterfall, the artist friend he had told her about. made music for his ears:

"Well,"the old ranger explained, "he's "Why would you paint me,"she asked;

just wrapped up in his pictures and don't "thou who hast eyes like my love's but seem to care for anything else. In the comest in strange guise?"

morning, he works at his picture of The "Because I would catch for my own

Altar, and in the afternoon, he is busy with your beauty and grace while the opportun- "The Waterfall by Moonlight."ity is afforded,"he answered. "Can you

He noticed the girl's eager interest. A not imagine how much loveliness you

shrewd light came into his eyes. will add to my picture? 'The Nymph

"Would you like to meet him, Miss of the Waterfall,'I shall call it."SudCarewe? I'm sure if he saw you he denly there awakened in Julian's soul a

would forget all about scenery and want strange hunger. He must not let her go

to paint you. Shall we just casually call He stepped nearer and held out his

upon him?"hand.

Carmenita looked up rougishly. "No, "Won't you be kind and let me feel

no, we mustn't do that,"she negated. your hand in mine?"he pleaded. "Surely

"We would not wish to disregard Mr. one so lovely will not leave me to think

Vaughn's unmistakable wish for solitude."her impalpable—unreal—

Her dimples twinkled as she turned away. But the vision eyed him haughtily.

"And surely you would not ask any maid "You drive me away, rash mortal,"she to pursue, so obviously, any man."flung at him, and vanished as before into

She disappeared in the direction of her the waterfall. * * *

tent. * * * As he worked next morning, Julian

That night Julian tried to discourage paused frequently, his eyes fixed on The the hope that kept singing in his heart. Altar. In fancy he saw, on its summit, a

He stamped along determinedly, remindslender figure with dark braids, poised for ing himself vigorously that he was indeed flight. And as he tried to paint, that day,

a dreaming fool to expect a repetition of always before him, blotting out the pichis experience of the night before. But ture on his canvas, was the moonil-

hope was persistent. lumined face of the nymph of the waterAnd there she was as on the night prefall.

ceding, but this time she was watching the The sweet coolness of early evening entrance intently. He did not advance but came at last, and he still dreamed of her

spoke softly, yet distinctly to her. as he waited for the moon.

768 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When the time came for his walk to last nearly in shadow, his sketch was comthe Retreat, the loveliness of the walledplete enough to be recognizable as the off canyon seemed intensified even to his Vision.

responsive senses. Was its hcauty so poig- "Does this please you?"he asked, as

nant because of the tryst of delight that he he held it out.

could but hope awaited him? The stars She hesitated.

in the narrow strip of sky above seemed "Surely you can trust me now?"

to twinkle with a restless secret; the Julian pleaded.

patriarchal peaks were more mysterious Without a moment's pause she came than ever, and the hum in the leafen- forward and took the sketch. She studied

shrouded darkness of shrubbery seemed it intently.

to speak of fairy conversation. And he "It will do,"she nodded, as she handed

was going with a song in his heart to it back to him.

meet whom? Someone as misty and She retreated but turned as she neared

elusive as the phantom? the cascade. moonlight—a

She seemed real enough, standing there "Do not fail to do as I have bidden,"before him. Did he but fancy the flush she admonished. "I could not wish that

on her light in her eyes? this parting would be forever."cheeks—the

were they but tricks of the senseenthralling And the water took her into itself, as moonlight? before

As he advanced, she again retreated to It was an unusually flushed and starrythe very spot where she had posed the eyed Carmenita that watched from the night before. But Julian yearned for the squawberry thicket the next morning as

music of her voice. It seemed more urgent dawn reddened the sky.

that she should talk to him than that he Julian seemed to forget his painting should use the precious minutes in sketchthis morning, when he appeared. He placed

ing, even though it was almost his last his sketch of the Vision on the easel in night for work. front of the Altar painting, and sat gazing

"Won't you tell me something about at it intently, lost in thought. As the

he held his time for sunrise approached, he kept anyourself?"he asked—and

pencil suspended. impatient watch of the curve where MadThe sighing of zephyrs was in her voice, dock would first appear.

an ache of longing in her pose, as she When, after what seemed a time of endanswered: "I but wait for my true love less waiting, the familiar pinto pony with

to come to me. The years of waiting are its khakiclad burden came in sight, Julian

so long."sprang to his feet in eager welcome.

"I that have come so eagerly at your Maddock was nonplused at his recepnot I be he?"tion. Always the artcall—could before,—although

The vision smiled, faintly and so wistist's greeting had been cordial enough fully. Julian had been too engrossed with his

I work to leave it to assert his welcome; "But you tarried so long. How can

be sure that you are he?"but now his greygreen eyes were black

"I would do anything that you ask. with excitement. The ranger was frankly

Try me and see."Julian's voice was puzzled.

sincere and halfpleading. "Well, well,"he exclaimed; "you look

She seemed to consider. as upset as if you had seen a ghost. I am

"Then listen. I would that you should flattered that you prefer me to that picfinish the picture you are making of me ture, for it is mighty good; but this is

and then show it to the quaint friend the first time you have let me think you that passes you each day. Perhaps I shall did."then become real—"Now look here,"responded Julian

Julian said no more but worked as fast goodnaturedly, but with something of

Ias possible. When the Retreat was at impatience; "don't talk this morning.

THE WAY OF A MAID WITH A MAN 769

want you to look at something, so get "Come and see,"he advised, as he mounted off that horse and do it as quickly as you and rode away.

can."The day seemed interminably long to

"May I talk, after I look?"asked Madthe restless Julian. What could the ranger

dock quizzically, as he dismounted. have meant by his advice? It seemed

"All you want to, then."answered idiotically irrelevant, but the Vision had

Julian, as he paused before the easel. bade him consult Maddock, and there

"What can you tell me about this picseemed nothing more to do.

ture! There was no moon, as Julian walked

Maddock studied the sketch thoughtto camp that night. The gloom of the

fully. canyon was as unfathomable as the gloom

"Derned if it doesn't look as I always that shrouded his spirits. Why had a

imagined that Ronda girl would look in creature of moonlight and magic come real life,"he vouchsafed, stroking his chin, into his life to take away his enthusiasm and studying Julian out of the corner of for his work and his contentment in his eye. solitude?

Julian's voice held a note of sharp The showing of the picture in the large rebuke as he turned on the ranger. tent dining hall was in progress when he

"Don't tell me that that is all you reached camp. The place was crowded.

No doubt the picturepeople had yieldedknow about the girl whose picture you see before you."Pleading crept into his to the importunities of the camp helpers,

at the park, and thetones. "Surely you know something about the summer visitors

trails men and boys the employed on I am certain you can tell me whoher—the existence been had vague but of whom is!"she

incidents to the seclusionseeking Julian "Did you paint her from imagination?"

had invited them all to be presentMaddock asked after a silent scrutiny of—and at the showing. Strange how these picthe picture. He seemed to be feeling his

tures appealed to those who had to seekway.

without themselves for something to il- "I must have!"Julian's voice held the

lumine life.

bitterness that comes from disappointment.

Julian realized, with a start, that his The ranger looked at him questioningly. selfsufficiency was also a thing of naught; "Did you ever see any of these moving and he was seeking the pictures.

interrogation seemed irpictures?"—the He hesitated at the door, but Maddock

relevant. came to his side from a back seat.

"Never seemed to have time to bother "Been watching for you. There's aabout them."Julian answered. "Why seat in here."

do you ask?"Julian followed him to a chair, and sat

"Well, I think your experiences have down.

been too limited for your own peace of The settings of the scenes being flashed mind."returned Maddock. before him were familiar enough, but the

He paused and studied Julian, who story was disjointed and uninteresting.

seemed trying to fathom his meaning. Julian wondered why he was there.

Maddock continued. "I happen to know Maddock explained: "Of course all of

that they are making some tests, up at the story is missing except the sequences

Wiley's tonight, of the pictures they have taken here. They are just trying these

made here in the canyon. Better come out before leaving location, to see if they

up."need to be retaken. We're so far from

Julian was impatient and somewhat bethe studio that it wouldn't do to have wildered. to come back and retake them."

"But what can that possibly have to do Julian merely nodded assent, for sudwith my problem?"he demanded. denly a figure on the sheet that was being

Maddock chose to be noncommittal. used for a screen caught his attention.

770 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It was a girl, and she seemed, somehow, talk so much about, so I reckon I can familiar; but he could not see her face as find her for you. Might have met her

it was turned from him. He found himbefore, but I couldn't get you to take any self in breathless suspense for her to turn interest pictures—in—moving

around. Julian grinned in the dark as he folShe seemed to be fleeing from a purlowed the ranger.

suer. Over the canyon boulders she "You might have found a way of con

clambered in frightened haste until she verting me to them,"he suggested.

came it was the rim of the ReMaddock chuckled, as he led the way to—yes.

treat. to where a hammock hung under the

Down the rocky wall she hurried withbig trees.

out pausing, and her broadbrimmed hat The soft glow of a carbide jet rehid her face. Small stones and earth, vealed to Julian that the hammock held

loosened by her descent, swept to the a mist of white, radiant as moonglow;

ground below as she slid down. Rushing and he strode forward, while Maddock,

to the waterfall she threw aside her hat with a knowing smile, lagged behind.

and turned for one last look at the brutal Carmenita was made a little breathless face that had appeared on the rocks above. by the abandon with which Julian knelt

It Vision. was—The at her feet and took her extended hands

Though dressed in shirt and breeches, in his. she was st ill unmistakably the girl of the are real,"he said, waterfall. "To know that you

The look of fear deepening in her eyes, and his voice told all the wonder he felt at the discovery, as if he had half feared she turned in desperation and fled to hope that he would find her so. straight into the foam of the cascade.

"Yes, I'm a shadow only in r-e-e-1 life,""Not many know there's a cave back of the waterfall."It was Maddock's voice laughed Carmenita softly, but there were

tears trimming her lashes. explaining, and Julian turned on him.

Maddock hurried up. voice was con- "Who is she?"—his

trolled to a mere murmur, but it trembled "Why, you haven't been properly inwith excitement. troduced!"he exclaimed in mock dismay.

"Derned if it didn't look like the girl "But, then,"he continued, as they smiled in your picture!"Maddock's voice was at him. "if Miss Carewe is leaving in the

thoughtful. morning, of course there isn't time to "Where is she?"Julian's second queswaste—

tion was impatient and he rose and strode "But Miss Carewe is not leaving in the to the door. Maddock following. morning."Carmenita announced archly.

"You mean Miss Carewe?"Maddock "She is staying in the canyon for her wellasked, dropping subterfuge. earned vacation."

"Yes. if that is the name of the girl we Julian smiled contentedly at her.

just saw.""Well the canyon is surely a good place

"Why, she told me she would like to in which to spend a vacation,"Maddock meet that artist chap she had heard me replied, approvingly, as he turned away.

Facts About Utah The yield of Utah farms per year is more than $10,000,000; livestock, $25,000,000.

Manufactured products yield the state each year approximately $300,000,000.

Utah ranks second in the United States in the production of silver, third in lead, fourth in copper, and sixth in gold.

Some of the finest building stone in the world is found in Utah. Granite, sandstone and

varied shades of marble, together with onyx and traverine are found in abundance.

Almost every cereal known can be raised in this state. The average yield in oats is 50

bushels per acre, barely 44 bushels. In the yield of potatoes Utah stands second.

Utah produces enough evaporated milk each year to make an unbroken line of cans from

Salt Lake City to Paris, France.

of the Desert A Tragedy By James H. Martineau

[This article was written in 1910. Since then its author has died, having passed

away June 24, 1921.—EDITORS.]

A recent publication notes the discovery miles-. We saw where they had cut a

in or near Death Valley, Nevada, of a roadway through cedar groves, and we heap of relics, supposedly those of a "Morfound, strewn along the way, numerous mon"colony on their way to California, reminders of the emigrants, such as an in 1849. This is an erroneous supposianvil and blacksmith's tools, boxes and

tion in one particular, as no "Mormon"things heavy and burdensome on a company ever perished in such a manner. journey; and later, fragments of wagons

But it is unfortunately true that a comabandoned as teams gave out or died. The

pany of thirty families of emigrants on Indians told of five wagons thus left in their way to Southern California did perone place. These items are mentioned

ish miserably of hardships and famine in as proofs of the veracity of our informant;

1849, in the locality named, and doubtless and as I am perhaps the only living the relics found pertained to them. survivor of that exploring party and pos-

I reThe writer was personally intimate sess perhaps the only record thereof, with one of the few survivors of that peat the story as it was told me.

party, a Mr. Bennett, who afterwards My informant said:

joined the "Mormon"Church, lived in "We numbered thirty families, fully 150

San Bernardino, and who was driven with souls, all well off, who separated in southern others from their homes by an antiUtah from a party of a hundred families.

"Mormon"association, styling itself on our way to Southern California. This

we did against the advice of our 'Mormon'"Rekabites,"in 1858, and came to Iron guide, who declared there was no practicable county, Utah, where I became acquainted route directly west from Iron county where pass north of thewith him. We were afterwards comrades we separated,—no known

in what was called the "White Mountain usual route to southern California; and that

we would find neither water nor grass forMission."This was an exploring exour teams. But one of our men had a map

pedition sent out by Governor Brigham of Col. Fremont's travels on which was repYoung and led by Col. William H. Dame. resented a mountain range running westerly

It consisted of sixty men, of which the to the Sierra Nevadas, thus forming the south "Rim of the Basin."The map also showedwriter was appointed historian, and still numerous streams issuing from that imaginary

possesses the original notes. range; consequently there must be water and

Mr. Bennett gave the writer the story feed along its base. Such a cutoff would

of the fearful tragedy, and proved his save several hundred miles; and we thought

identity repeatedly by his knowledge of Fremont's map more reliable than the opinion and advice of our guide, who confessed that us totallythe country we traversed—to

telling us what we would had his information only from Indian reportunknown—by he had never seen that country himself but

to theirfind on our next day's travel; as, for We started on that cut off—many

death, and all because of a faulty map.instance,—"Just over that low ridge you'll

range such journeyed, but no days we "Forfind water, but it's warm and brackish; 'It view. in or even hills came of mountains

but no feed there for our animals."Often must be farther on.'said the hopeful ones,

he described the country ahead, and aluntil hope died and we faced a life and death ways correctly. struggle. We had gone too far to think of

anyto stop starting to returning our point,—He was able to do this because we pur- a desert in starvation to die of was where now

sued the same route as did his unfortunate where was scarcely a living animal, not a single associates for about one hundred twenty tree nor stream of water, and where all the 772 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to sixty miles this time our sufferings greatly insprings—twenty apart—were "From

every one of them warm, salty or brackish. creased. Men. women and children wearily

We simply must go on, to live or die. stumbled onward, carrying what they could

"As our cattle grew weak, loads were diin their hands or on their backs, fainting in minished continually by throwing away things the boiling heat and thirsting almost unto not absolutely needed. And finally a wagon death. As time progressed the last ox was

was abandoned with most of its load, its killed and subdivided, the flesh being eaten surviving oxen being added to another team. raw. Soon that was gone. Now and then

"Coming finally to what is now appro- a rabbit was killed by a stick or a stone, propriatcly known as Death Valley, we rehardly a mouthful for each. Once we met

mained some time to rest our teams. At a few Indians who gave us some pinenuts,

length we started onward, but at camping but took much of our clothing from our backs.

time found no water, though all. men and 'Human endurance has its limits. The

animals, were in sore need after a day's journey weak began to die. Lying down at night

under a boiling sun. and through sand, alkali they never awoke again; and, unburied, their

dust and stunted grcasewood brush. To the bodies became the food of the hungry coyote

eye there was not the least indication of a or the raven.

spring anywhere. To advance another day "But there was no time for sentiment. All without water was an impossibility, for our fatherly, brotherly or motherly love seemed

teams would die of thirst. Hopeless and faintselfish for himself. Oneing, we returned lo our place of temporary lost,—a desire—each becoming too weak longer to proceed was left safety.

behind to die alone, for weakened men were "After a rest of a day or two we started not strong enough to carry any one else. Thusout in a different direction, hoping thus to husbands or wives abandoned their comfind water, but with the same sad result. panions, mothers their children, and childrenDeath now seemed our portion, but we were their parents, leaving them sitting down faintsaved by what seemed to us a special intering, but alive, to linger a few if notposition of heavy rain storm! days—Providence—a sooner, torn in pieces by wild animals—thenQuilts, sheets and all sorts of things were

to die alone.

spread out to catch the precious fluid until everything was filled which would contain "Finally, as we reached the eastern footit. and in a steady rain we again started on hills of the Sierra Nevadas. but seven were

our way, finding now and then a pool where left of all the company, six men and one lifeour teams could drink, and thus made our woman. Admiring her plucky fight for

day's journey safely, and the next also. we had helped her all we could, until she told

"But now our oxen, worn and famished, us all not to try to save her any longer. She

died day after day, and wagons filled with might as well die here and now as tomorrow.

valuable property were continually, though This seemed true. She sat down upon a stone

reluctantly, abandoned until all were thus left bade each goodbye and we left her alone.

standing mournfully in the desert. We drove But we had not been more than an hour in

our few remaining cattle to serve as food, camp when here she came, seemingly as well some of the stronger ones being loaded with able to travel as others. She said she had

the belongings of their owners. Among the felt resigned to die. until the thought came

if a wolf should find her and tear rest a woman rode a gentle ox. She was—what

wealthy and hated to abandon silks and finery: her in pieces! Deadly fear gave her renewed

so. in addition to her food tied on behind strength. She rose, staggering at first, but

her. she pinned laces and ribbons on her person, finally gained her comrades and camp. The

and rode in fine style for a time. But a gust following day we were discovered by a white

of wind set her finery a-fluttering. which man out hunting for game and he conducted

scared the oxen near her and the herd stamus to his camp where we found food and peded. She kept her seat in the midst of the safety."

herd, gained the front, and then fell. The

herd rushed over and around her, but not Such was the sad tale he told me, and one stepped upon her; she arose safe, but I personally had abundant evidence of its

with sadly besmeared and bedraggled adornments. Though in so sad a s ate. we had truth. But many have been the desert's

to laugh, in which she joined. victims, with not one left to tell the tale.

The Only Perfect Day No day can be perfect unless at its close we can catalogue to our credit, honest labor given to our employer, encouraging words to fellowworkers, courtesy to strangers, sympathy to sufferers, kind words to dumb animals, smiles to little children, love and consideration to the members of our own household and thanks to God for permitting us to live in this wonderful

C. Retsloff.world.—D.

a

Retrospection By Hector Lee He is getting old toward didn't have a rag, so father went to town now—well

eighty. His hair is white and his shoulders and got a heavy duckin'bag. He laid

stoop, but his heart is still young. Today it on the table and he carved it with a

means little to him and tomorrow less knife, but I got a pair of breeches—queerare only worthless filling of time est things in all my life. I forget just—they

between the golden past when life was how they was hung on, but they lasted life, active, virile, the end. me that winter—kept me warm till they objective;—and

The problems of mankind no longer conwas gone.

cern him. When he worries, it is over "How we lived through them cold

some matter pertaining to his immediate winters is a wonder. I declare. Why till

comfort or peace of mind, which in our I was grown I never had a suit of underindefinite way, we busy ones would call wear. Once father got a buckskin—

childishness. lovely piece of it I got some hide—from

Yes, he is only a pioneer, just like the breeches with pockets in each side; so me

one or two you have in your own comin my new breeches was the proudest kid munity. Look him up and get acquainted; in town; and then (because 'twas all I

ask him what the town looked like a few had) I wore 'em all around. I wore 'em

years ago. It will do you good, and you when I went to work; you bet they kept

with be surprised, too, to find out whose me warm, but once when I was herdin'old livery stable you have your garage now cows it started in to storm. When that

built over, or that your beautiful flower buckskin got moistened up my pants began bed was once soand-so's hog pen, or perto stretch. They got so long that when I'd

haps vice versa if you have a hog pen. walk the goshdurned things would ketch.

Not long ago I went to see this venerThey flopped around my heels and I cut able old fellow. I knew that he was 'em off up high; but pretty soon the sun

eccentric in that he was hard to "get came out and they began to dry. It didn't

started"on his past experiences, but once take much sunshine till I had an awful he was warmed up he took great detime, for when they got a little warm light in pouring forth a stream of stories them pants began to climb. Well when

about early days in Utah that would be them buckskin pants was dry ( I got interesting to everyone. With this in mind an awful thump), the darned things made

I began the conversation as tactfully as I me look like I was always on the jump."

could by remarking about the weather Then I asked him about the social cusbeing quite cold. toms of early days. He told me of their

"I guess you have seen some winters dances, parties, various "bees"and entermuch colder than this?"I put in after a tainments. "Many's the time I've carried

while, and he admitted that he had. a punkin along with me to a dance instead

"Do you think it was really colder in of paying a ticket,"he said.

those days, or does it just seem so beThe old gentleman told me that he cause you had so little clothing then?"had worked mixing mortar for the wall

I asked; and he loosened up: around the Salt Lake temple grounds, and

And then he told about the time when had once stood guard on Brigham Young's he was just a lad, and he helped to keep premises when Johnston's Army was in the family by working with his dad. His Utah. I am always glad to talk with these

clothes were very head and feet people and get their stories for they are scanty—his

were bare, and the other illmade garments going fast, and with each death there ends touched him only "here and there."forever the reminiscences of a full and

"At last I got so threadbare that 1 eventful life.

A Tribute By John A. Watts

Men and institutions arc what they are tions. They were men and women of

largely because of inheritance. Out of the caliber required for the establishment

the past come experiences that enable men of civilization on a rough and rigorous to build more wisely than did preceding frontier. Only a people made of the

generations. The field of possibilities has sterner stuff could have endured. These

widened as the horizon of men's vision has people possessed the fettle of fine feeling been extended. The realization of these and the steel of endurance.

possibilities has depended largely upon the "Self,"when it runs counter to, or at application of man's national endowments, variance with the welfare of the group, brain and brawn, to the problems at hand. must be put on the altar of sacrifice. The

Man for perpetuity must build with a pioneers, to establish the truth and freedom purpose, and that building must have more they felt were theirs, did sacrifice. They

than self and the present in view. Neighwere hungry, they were cold, they divided

bors and future generations must be kept their all, giving to the point where giving in mind. Life that comes out of the hurts. The world was against them; if

past, that is seized upon and lived by men, they were to live it must be by and through with no thought for the future, is not the only avenues open to them, sacrifice likely to endure, is not likely to enrich and labor. That they did sacrifice, that

the lives of its adherents. On the other they did labor, is selfevident. They were

had a people who fasten on to the best frugal, they were industrious and honest.

that has been and live nobly the present, They met death, not without a shudder still remembering future generations, are perhaps, but they met it.

bound to pass on to their posterity a By their frugality the pioneers wrung legacy that is rich indeed. Such a people from their surroundings a living where

we acclaim today. men said they could not live. Not only

Out of the silence came a voice, that did they live but they laid the foundations voice was life, and that life promised for the building of a mighty commonfreedom and progressiveness. Greater opwealth; one that is the pride of every

portunities for expression of the better native son, and the admiration of a critical self. It was the sort of life to which Jesus world. Frugality was not enough, they

referred when he said, "I came that men must needs labor. How well, how long,

might have life, and have it more abunand how arduously they labored can be dantly."The life here spoken of lifts seen in the attainments of today. That

men up and beyond themselves. Men are they were honest cannot be gainsaid; for

challenged. The people we honor today only an honest people build, so permaaccepted this challenge and set at work all nently, so enduringly, as did the fathers

their powers to realize a fulness of this of our state.

new experience. People of like qualities Commonwealths endure and fulfill their

were drawn from many parts of the earth purpose, in fact are builded not by the and made one by a common feeling. Each efforts of the few, but by the contributions

felt that the other was his neighbor and of the many. All must share in the burbrother. God had spoken; and when men dens requisite to the accomplishment of

believe that their actions have the endorseany great purpose. The pioneers realized

ment of the heavens there is no limit to that their strength lay. not alone in indiendurance and aspirations. With these vidual effort, but in the efforts of all, that

feelings, nay, convictions, firmly fixed, the by cooperative labors they could best pioneers set out to establish themselves, realize their ideals.

and pave the way for oncoming generaBy industry, frugality, honesty, self

A TRIBUTE 775

forgctfulncss and cooperative effort, the legger"will not be needed in our vopioneers, not only of fortyseven, but those cabulary.

of succeeding years, have passed on to the It is well to rejoice in the good that present generation, and generations yet to is bequeathed us, and hold in reverence come a gift rich beyond measure, a gift those who have passed on. but it is, or

wrung from adversity by toil in deepest should be, a part of our commemoration distresses and made sacred by the life blood to make happy those of hoary hair whoof those who died in the struggle. are still with us. They have given and

Our fathers have passed on to us the we live.

challenge. How have we received it? In

is the challenge hurled in ourour hands is the gift. How are we using What

are sacredly bound to rememberit? Do we, in the mad rush for wealth, faces? We

stop and count the cost? In our eagei the past, to live nobly the present, and look

search for pleasure do we realize the sacrisacredly to the future. Past and future

fice? In our endeavors for wisdom and are important but the present demands

learning, do we in humility of soul forget the best there is in us; the present chalthe God of our fathers? Are we carrying lenges our gifts to the future; what shall

is not so much conon as they would have us carry on? Are our gifts be? Life

we now building, as the pioneers builded, cerned with what we remember, but rather is but afor the future? Will future generations with what we are. The future

rise up and call us blessed? Are we loyal tomorrow; and tomorrow soon becomes

to one anoiher and to our country as were the yesterday of today. Yesterday, today,

thosie who paved the way before us? Do and tomorrow completes the circle. Life

is fit to passwe look to the constitution of our state, in that circle endures; and

life to whichand of our nation with the same reverence on only when men find that the founders of our state did? If we do Jesus referred and for which our fathers

it? If so,the locks might well be taken from our gave their all. Have we found

doors, our neighbor may rest easy in the let us live it today and the morrow will security of his possessions. If we have be safe; our civilization, that life for

proper respect for law and order, arrest which the pioneers labored, sacrificed and and fines will pass away; the term "bootdied, will endure.

Kanosh, Utah.

The Tides of Life

'Tis so easy to glide with each drifting tide.

To go where the crowds are found,

And it seems quite the thing to be in the ring

With those who are pleasure bound.

But ah, where is the gleam of each youthful dream,

When you gazed at the starlit sky,

Murmuring pledges to toil, burning midnight oil,

To gain some ambition high.

You must grapple with fate, for time will not wait.

And youth time is soon on the wane.

Choose the straight, narrow way, then work while you may,

And treasures untold you will gain.

Raymond. Alta. Canada Helen Kimball Orgill

An Indian War Averted By C. L. Christensen

Here is the narrative of an historical West telegraphed to government officials event that happened to the pioneers of San at Washington.

Juan county at a time when the records On January 5, 1895, a number of wellof that county contained the names of known men assembled in Monticello.

only 185 legal voters, mostly women. The county seat of San Juan. Among them

particular occurrence of which I desire to were Governor West of Utah; Col. Tatrecord the facts had its official beginning lock, of the Governor's staff; Col. Henry

on December 3, 1894. On that date Hon. V. Lawton, representing the United States

H. G. Green, now a banker of Moab, government and in command of the WestUtah, accompanied by Jack Silvey, went ern Division of the United States army

to Salt Lake City and reported to Govat that time; Dave Day, Ute Indian agent,

ernor Caleb W. West that the entire tribe and his interpreter, Mr. Smith, the latter a

of Ute Indians in Colorado, numbering good, competent official. Of course,

a total of about 1100 men, women and some of the most important members of children, had invaded San Juan county, the assembly, under the circumstances,

Utah, and that they were extremely imwere Chiefs Ignacio, Mariano and Binow, pudent. The Utes claimed Uncle Sam who were on hand to represent the Inhad sent them, and would soon give every dian cause. These three chiefs of the

white settler a sack of money in return aborigines were of the old style, slow of for which they were to walk out of the speech, but very emphatic. Their word

country, leaving houses and lands, furniwas law; they had fought for it and were

ture, bedding, stoves, sheep, cattle, horses, willing to fight again.

in short, everything, behind. With this Governor West, having a full underin their minds, the Indians went from standing of the threatening aspect of the

house to house and forced some of the situation, had brought with him a few more timid white women to provide meals chests of rifles and plenty of ammunition from the best they had in the larder. This to Moab. In that place he had made arcontinued until many settlers had nothrangements for fifty volunteers to come

ing left for their children to eat. The to the aid of the San Juan settlers if

settlers were alarmed at the invasion, and needed. In answer to his request fifty

with cause. men and more came to the front and

Those acquainted with my position may volunteered to accompany Sheriff W. Bliss

ask: "What were you doing as Indian of Grand county, all eager to help their

interpreter and peace maker?"The anneighbors in San Juan county. Hon.

swer is: I was feeding the Indians to the Robert J. Thomson, of Monticello, vollimit of my ability, and trying to make unteered to go to Moab for the rifles.

them understand it was all a mistake; that After he had reached Poverty Flat, on

some mischievous and unreliable persons his return to Monticello, he was overtaken had caused the misunderstanding. But by five men. Grand county officials had

they insisted that their source of informadecided it was not safe for him to travel tion was reliable. I told them Uncle alone, hence they provided him with an

Sam did not do business this way; that escort. The party reached Cane Springs

he had said nothing about the matter to at 4 a. m., suffering badly from the

our chiefs in Salt Lake City or in San severely cold weather. When they later

Juan county. arrived at Hatch Wash they met Sheriff

On receiving the information brought Butt of San Juan and his men, who had by Mr. Green and Mr. Silvey, Governor come to escort the rifles through the fightAN INDIAN WAR AVERTED 111

ing line of the Indians, as they supposed fellows, fell in line with the governor after it to be, for when the wagon and the the white chiefs came to an agreement how men came to Church Rock, in Dr*y valley, the removal of the invaders should be they encountered many Indians who managed. The Indians were still ignorant

seemed very nervous, it appearing to them of the official intention to move them back that help for the San Juan county settlers into Colorado. Governor West was dewas coming from somewhere. Of course, termined they must go, and at once, while

the Indians were unaware of the guns in Colonel Lawton and Agent Day were quite the party; otherwise they certainly would indifferent about the hurryup part of the

have tried to disarm the whites. However, procedure. So all the chiefs, both white

at length the men with the guns and amand red, were notified to meet at once munition safely arrived at Monticello after in the little log cabin used as church and the trouble had been settled. As herein school house. It was soon filled with an

stated, the expedition from Moab went anxious assembly, Governor West preout in extremely cold weather, and Mr. jdding. The Indians were informed that

Thomson was nearly frozen to death. the meeting was for the purpose of devisCol. Lawton. Governor West and Dave ing means of removing them to Colorado;

Day had a long preliminary talk to try that it had been decided they were into find out who was responsible for the vaders, and had no rights of domicile invasion of the Utes. Suspicion pointed in San Juan county. Instantly there was

to the Indian Agent, but definite responsi- a bedlam of voices, all the Indians talking bility at this time was not fixed on any at the same time, when the announcement person. was interpreted to them. The confusion

The discussion became acrimonious, and lasted for some time, the Indians accusing

Dave Day of having a forked tongue andfinally Governor West said if Uncle Sam would not move the invaders he would declaring that his interpreter, Mr. Smith,

would not defend their rights althoughmuster the territorial militia and put them out himself. This speech put additional they said he was a good man. To my

"pep"into about thirty cowboys, some surprise and consternation the Indians their interpreter. Figof whom had been drinking freely. The picked on me to be

rider9 were all well armed and declared uratively speaking, the Indians led me up themselves ready "right now"to exterby the ear, or nearly carried me, and minate all the chiefs of the Utes and President F. A. Hammond assured them

their escorts. Governor West found that that I was reliable and had been selected

his speech had aroused a dangerous spirit by the leaders of the Church as an interamong the cowboys, some of whom had preter and peace maker because of the

I had accomplished. Thisbeen party to the killing of seventeen Ingood work

dian men, women and children whose resatisfied the governor and also Col. Lawmains were buried in a common grave near ton, for the latter saw the earnestness deUpper Dove Creek, Colorado. The goverpicted on the faces of the Indians.

nor threatened to place the cowboys under When I began speaking my first statearrest if they did not tone down. He rement was regarding the mistaken informaminded them that they might kill a few tion given to the Indians, and this was

Indians, and then flee to some other state followed b*y the explanation that they for safety. But what would then bemust go back to Colorado. In spite of

come of the women and children of their actions, I made it plain that they

Monticello who would be left to the must go. Then came their speech—almercy of the numerous Indians? The ways the same: The land of their foresettlers were scattered all over San Juan fathers where they lived and died had been

county, located in the places that suited taken from them by the whites; their deer,

them best. The more conservative of elk and antelope had been killed. They

these wild, but peculiarly goodhearted nearly foamed at the mouth when engaged 778 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in speaking on these subjects. The inThey answered emphatically, in the

terpreter has one distinct strongest terms they knew: "Katch piadvantage—he

need not tell all that is said on either side, quie."(We won't go.)

and thus he can become a peace maker At this stage, President F. A. Hammond

and useful arbiter with the help of his became somewhat nervous and gave the heavenly Father. In the hundreds of cases Indians some good advice. He told them

where I have settled difficulties between to go in peace and not to resent and disred and white peoples the Lord has blessed obey the command of the Great Father me with judgment to say just enough to in Washington, and that we all had to make peace, and this is my testimony after obey the laws of our country. Ignacio

fifty years as a peace maker. If an intold him to sit down and called him an

terpreter tells all the nasty things an Inugly name. Then he said: "We were

dian says (for he always accuses the white both in Washington; I sat in the presman of introducing immorality, whisky ident's chair (Grover Cleveland was then

and many other dishonest and wicked prcsdient); you never sat in that chair;

traits), he adds fuel to the flames. And you are not fit to take part in this imif the interpreter lets loose all that is said portant move."Chief Ignacio did sit in

about the Indians, what might not hapPresident Cleveland's chair when the prespen! The Indian thinks you are assailident arose to greet and shake hands with

ing him, just as he is assailing you, and the chiefs and delegations of Indians from the white man says many things that are San Juan county and Colorado when they not true. visited Washington. Ignacio slipped

About four o'clock in the afternoon, around to the chief magistrate's chair, and

Col. Lawton received a dispatch from is said to be the only individual who ever

Washington stating that the Utes must occupied the chair of the president of the leave San Juan county at once. The mesUnited States other than the president

sage added that it was not the policy of himself during an official conference.

the department to permit Indians to leave Hence his braggadocio speech.

the reservation in Colorado to roam into Our powwow came to an end for the

Utah. Immediately the air was filled day and Col. Lawton sent couriers sumwith exclamations of "Liar, Traitor, moning troops to come and move the InSplit-tongue"and many other Indian dians. This was not a pleasant ending;

expletives. But Col. Lawton, a man of it had all the prospects of a war and the

experience and one who had much pashedding of blood, and those present keentience with Indians, took the situation ly sensed the danger.

in hand as the representative and arbiter Agent Day tried to pacify the Indians of the government. He was equal to by buying a couple of beeves and about

the occasion. I interpreted the message seven tons of hay from Mons Peterson.

from Washington to the Indians. Ignacio An Indian who has a favorable prospect

held up his right hand and extended his for a good "fill"usually tones down a fingers, to represent telegraph poles and good deal. I joined them and they seemed

said: "Mebbe so wire talk from heaven; glad to have me in the camp by their big

mebbe so from hell."He went on to say bonfire, which was much needed at the

that no message, whether sent from Washtime of the year, so near to the cold altiington or sent by Indians, ever reached tudes of the Blue mountains. However,

its destination truthfully. The intent of they told me I was a failure because I

the Great Father at Washington was alhad not convinced Uncle Sam that they ways misunderstood. This message was ought to own San Juan county. When

dead and had gone into the ground. Why I got my chance to reply (for the Inmake so much fuss over it? Col. Lawton dians always play fair and give their opsaid to me: "Ask them if they will go ponents a chance to talk) you should

back to their reservation in Colorado."have seen the maps I made on the ground.

AN INDIAN WAR AVERTED 779

I built up a mound of dirt to represent newspaper named The Solid Muldoon, the numbers of whites and the strength published in Durango, Colorado, and the of the government; my thumb nail repwriter of this story will say that he was

resented all the Indians in America. As no coward. He said anything he wanted

Ignacio had been to Washington and had to about or he anybody—high low—and

seen a large number of people he could could cut vulgarity so close and yet not not refrain from saying I was right, and use it that he kept his readerslaughing when I informed them that colored troops constantly. He could, and did, call men

were coming, they wilted, for they have ugly names, and yet not quite say what the an extreme dread of colored troops. name really implied. He was a very likIt was now daylight. We had talked able man, a great storyteller, and an unall night and Ignacio said: "Go find usually gifted entertainer.

'Black Eye'Lawton and tell him we will The department let Agent Day down go; ask for four days to move in, for easily for some cause and appointed his

we are numerous and heavily laden."I interpreter, Mr. Smith, to succeed him as

know of no happier experience in my life. agent. Later Day and Col. Tatlock en-

I found Col. Lawton, awoke him, and gaged in an unusual correspondence. Tattold him the good news, and in detail lock accused Day of being the cause of

informed him how I had accomplished the whole miserable deal Utah was being it. The officer was overjoyed and at subjected to, and this accusation was beonce sent another courier to countermand lieved by many. The correspondence was

the order commanding troops to march to published in The Solid Muldoon and reSan Juan county. He allowed the four printed in many other papers on account

days requested to move back into Colorado. of the humor contained in it.

Col. Lawton then turned the removal of But our troubles were still unsettled

the Indians over to Agent Day. Johnny Binow, a young Indian, about 23

Col. Lawton said to me: "You have, years of age, son of old Chief Binow,

no doubt, been the means of preventing was entirely dissatisfied with the cowardice bloodshed, and when I get to Washington (as the young fellow termed it) of his

I will see to it that you shall never want father and the other chiefs for entering for bread as long as you live."Had not into the arrangements for the removal of

Col. Lawton met death, the fate of many the Utes to Colorado. This "chief ap-

a soldier in the Philippines during the parent"would rather fight. He had

insurrection, he, no doubt, would have shown his fighting spirit several times. On

carried out his promise. Gen. Hugh L. one occasion he shot at Joe Christensen

Scott told me that the department took in Monticello because Christensen disgreat interest in my communications mounted the Indian from a stolen horse recommending building of schools on the He shot close, too. He hardly dared to

Indian reservations, so that Indian parents shoot to kill in the middle of the town.

were not compelled to send their children Another delegation had gone to Salt Lake hundreds of miles away, many of them City to report that this desperado had not never to return. To be partially responsiand would not go out as the other Utes

ble for the many beautiful schools now had done. Of course, he was not alone;

so successfully conducted on the reservathere were about thirtyfive others in his tions was a source of joy to me. gang, which had located on Montezuma

I now must finish my story. Col. Lawcreek, where good winter range was availton returned to his station, Governor West able. This winter range was used by the

and Col. Tatlock went back to Salt Lake settlers of San Juan county. Johnny

City. They submitted their respective Binow was the owner of many horses and

reports, each as he saw and understood his stock monopolized the range. In anthe affair, and I am now doing the same. swer to the S. O. S. call, Governor West

Agent Day went off home with his Insent down Captain John Q. Cannon and

dians. He was owner and editor of a George W. Gibbs. Hon. A. W. Ivins

'80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

came soon afterward. This episode hung they first settled in San Juan county.

fire a long time. These last named Sheriff Butt has gone to his reward. A

representatives of Governor West found braver man never lived. Outlaws shot at

that young Binow had shot at Sheriff him many times, but he never ran from

Willard Butt and his herder, George Perdanger or showed the white feather, and kins, who rightly belonged in this part the "bad"men admired him for his pluck of San Juan county and had his stock on and respected him highly.

the Montezuma creek winter range. I do The experience Binow had with the

not know what was said by Binow or by sheriff humiliated the Indian more than

Sheriff Butt on that occasion, but am any other experience of his life. He dared

sure the officer would stand by his rights not retaliate because his people were few and the rights of his people. Hence Binow's in number. Nearly all men find a time

shot was a warning as well as a sign of in their lives when it is best to turn the

Indian indignation. Binow is still in eviother cheek, and none more so than the

dence and ha9 annoyed us many times lonely pioneer who builds his log cabin since. He is usually the instigator of all in an Indian country. But the outlaw

our troubles with the Piutes, these Indians red man also finds at times that he has a having annoyed the pioneers ever since master.

f.Joab. Utah

The Unchanging Christ in a Changing World

By Elder Ralph P. Smith, Canadian Mission

The writer of the epistle to the Hebrews such change brings some new system of says of Jesus Christ that he is "the same religion or philosophy of life into promiyesterday and today, yea and forever."nence, to focus the attention of mankind

The idea of the "unchanging"may be upon some new problem that cries to good or bad, according to the point of heaven for solution. But out of the Babel

view. There is an unchangeableness that of voices comes Christ's own declaration

spells stagnation, that striving after samefor oneness of truth and his call for the ness that so often has laid the dead hand proclamation of truth, and the missionof the past upon men and movements, and ary impulse and enterprise do but make so thwarted progress. But there is his voice articulate, and proclaim his unan unchanging quality that is the opchanging lordship over all the world.

posite of the fickle or the changeable: There are unavoidable changes in huthe stable, steadying element which man life; changes about which there can be

provides the power and determines the dino reasonable complaint, and yet demandrection for life and growth. And the ing a principle of adaptation in religion

assertion in the utterance referred to is that that shall fit the message to the varying in a world of change, with variable elemood and hour and place. Such are the

ments, some natural and necessary, some natural variations of age:

incidental and menacing. Jesus Christ is

the constant factor in a vital process of "All the world's a stage, development. And all the men and women merely

Sometimes with slow, steady tread, naplayers:

tion after nation takes its place in the They have their exits and their enprocession of advance: sometimes with betrances;

in his time plays many wildering suddenness, as in wars and And one man revolutions, centers and spheres of influparts."ence are changed and interchanged. Every—Shakespeare.

THE UNCHANGING CHRIST 78!

Such are the continual changes in hiscould speak of his incarnation as the tory. Some gradual and developmental. declaration of the divine unwearying search

some startlingly sudden and catastrophic, for lost humanity; his cross as the inall creating new problems with which restrument of divine victory; and his resurligion has to deal. Such, too. speaking rection as the pledge of the triumph of life.

geographically rather than historically, are Better than any such attempt at phrasing the wide divergencies in racial characteris the summoning of the innumerable witistics and conditions of national life, pronesses to the fact of the power of the viding vastly different arenas in which reunchanging Christ to save the old and ligion has to prove its worth. hardened, the depraved and the thoroughThat Jesus has met human needs under ly bad.

all these changes: in childhood, youth and 2. in a passing word Sorrow.—Only

age. through the shifting scenes of hiscan we deal with the everpresent probtory, and under varying conditions from lem of suffering, but no one will deny

land to land, bears convincing witness to that "the thousand natural shocks that his lifegiving power, and supplies one of flesh is heir to"exact their toll in tragic the most unanswerable arguments for his disturbances in human thought and outessential divinity. look. And yet the most credible evidences

But there are other and more serious of Christian experience assert the power of changes, some of which threaten the very the fellowship of Jesus to extract the sting foundations of human progress; and the from sorrow, and to make the troubles of

majesty and miracle of Jesus lie in his life the creators of a stronger and sweeter power to cope with their menace to hutype of Christian character.

man character and destiny. Many as they 3. can question the Death.—Who

are. and impossible as it may be to classify sweeping changes effected by death, changes

them, we examine three of them as they that repel or madden or alarm us according challenge the resources of Christ and to our mood? At times the victory and

Christianity. sting of death seem terribly real: so many

1. it what we will: the evil things that have been will not be again, so Sin.—Call

in human heart, the wrong in men's lives, much that is irretrievable. In every other

the bad things, actual or potential, bound sphere there seems to be something that up in character or career, we are all aware, we or others can do; here we seem so

without being influenced much by theohelpless, there we are challenged with a logical phrases about it, not only that such new program, here we bow our heads and evil exists, but that it is capable of proat best can only wait and trust. But can

ducing the most alarming changes in huwe not go further? Can we put two of

man character. In the warping of judgPaul's utterances together in that sublime

ment the blunting of one's fine sensiphilosophy of his on the subject: "We

bilities, the callousing of feelings, the shall not all sleep, but we shall be coarsening of taste, and in countless other changed:"and then, "Thanks be unto God

ways we have seen and felt the dewho giveth us the victory through our teriorating influences of evil, until we have Lord Jesus Christ."Life in him—vigorcome somewhere near understanding Paul's ous, triumphant over evil, here and now.

melancholy idea of a breakdown of the while we are in fellowship with him, cells and tissues of personality as he cries: eternal life, not because it goes on forever,

"O wretched man that I am! Who shall but because of the very nature of it, there

deliver me out of the body of this death?"are the permanent elements of victory.

If we could in a few words hint at the So the greatest change of all triumphs matchless ministry and message of Jesus over the minor changes, and above them as meeting the menace of these changes, we all is the unchanging Christ.

Montreal, Canada.

Messages from the Missions

"Behold I sent you out to testify and warn the people, and it becometh every man who hath been warned to warn his neighbor."(Doc. and Cov. 88:81.)

Good Prospects in Alabama

President Charles I. Clousc of the Alaally. These missionaries know that they

bama district, of the Southern States mishave found in the Gospel of the Lord sion, reports they arc making rapid proJesus Christ a priceless treasure, and are gress in his field. During the first three unselfishly trying to give to their fellowmonths of this year they had twenty bapmen the same blessings which they have

tisms and still have many prospects. The received. To them the joy which

elders of that district and of the entire comes through declaring this message is a mission, under the direction of President foretaste of heaven.

Charles A. Callis. are working energeticMissionaries of the Alabama District

Front row, left to right: Lynn W. Hansen; Warren J. Osborn, shortterm (released);

Leslie F. Shirley; Charles A. Callis, mission president; Charles I. Clouse, district president;

Newel B. Cox, Levi J. Woods. Middle row: Joseph S. Biggs, shortterm (released);

Angus B. Bird. Stanley Peck (released), O. Melvin Parker. Hilton P. Marx, Lewis H.

Neeley, Charles R. Willden. Adolph M. Olsen. Back row: Edward Watkins, shortterm

(released); Lloyd N. Gleave, Eugene Lufkin. Earl F. Kleinman Edward Finlinson,

Charles M. Fisher.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 783

Marching on in Maryland President Clyde Barker of the Maryland home after presiding over the European district, with headquarters at Baltimore, mission, where he had served very sucsends'us the accompanying photograph, cessfully for somewhat more than three together with a report of a conference held years. President Henry H. Rolapp of the

in February. Well attended and interestEastern States mission, Secretary Mark K.

ing meetings convened in Washington, Allen and Sister Lola Bradford, mission

D. C, and in Baltimore. A special feapresident of Relief Societies, were also

ture of the occasion was the attendance of present and added words of instruction and

Dr. James E. Talmage, who was enroute encouragement.

Missionaries Attending Maryland Conference

Sitting, left to right: Winifred Cook, Virginia L. Driggs. Mark K. Allen, secretary of

Eastern States mission; Henry H. Rolapp, president of Eastern States mission: Lola

Bradford, president of mission Relief Societies; Elsie M. Jacobson; Winifred Cruikshank.

Standing: Marion A. Snow, Louis Gates Knight. Wilson K. Young. Ferrin D. Hickman,

Clyde Barker, president Maryland district; Howard W. Couch. Lorin Christensen.

Government Officials Honor Missionaries

An interesting missionary event ocRelief Societies, and Sister Marion Gardcurred in Salem, Oregon, April 23. Elder ner, president of the mission Y. L. M. I.

Hyrum G. Smith, Presiding Patriarch of A. and Primary Associations, were honored

the Church, President William R. Sloan by government officials as they entered

of the Northwestern States mission. Sister the city. President Joseph M. Flake of

Pearl C. Sloan, president of the mission the South Oregon district reports that very

784 IMPROVEMENT ERA

little missionary work has been done in ing without money, depending entirely on that locality in past years. Now, however, the hospitality of the people to whom they

sixteen missionaries are opening new fields bring their message. They are finding

with gratifying prospects. They are travelmany friends and not a little opposition.

Missionaries of the South Oregon District

First row, left to right: Phyllis Hoggan, Twin Falls, Idaho; Stella Bybee, Rexburg.

Idaho; Marion Gardner, Afton, Wyoming, president of the mission Y. L. M. I. A. and

Primaries; Hyrum G. Smith, Presiding Patriarch of the Church; President Wm. R. Sloan

of the Northwestern States mission; Sister Sloan, president of the mission Relief Societies;

Carol Woolley. Salt Lake City; Hazel Knight, Delta, Utah. Second row: Melvin J.

Hoggan, Salt Lake City; Ethel Hunter, Ogden, Utah; E. Weston Jackson, Salt Lake

City; Paul V. Hansen. Boulder, Utah; A. A. Perry, Vernal, Utah; Virgil B. Quinton.

Glenwoodville, Alta, Canada; Edna Lindholm, Idaho Falls, Idaho. Third row: Joseph

M. Flake. Snowflake, Arizona, district president; Clarence Mower, Roosevelt, Utah; Leslie

Stone, Portland; Rulon G. Sterling, Providence, Utah; Wallace Everton. Logan. Utah;

Dorrel Rogers, Lewiston, Utah.

Progress in California The people of the SacramentoGridley on February 10, 11 and 12. Much good

district were particularly favored by a visit counsel and sound advice were given by of Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the them to the large crowds which filled the

Council of the Twelve, together with Preschapels to their capicity. During the past

ident Joseph W. McMurrin of the Caliyear thirtythree converts were led into

fornia mission. These brethren made a the waters of baptism, and three new

tour of the district and held three very branches of the Church in that district successful meetings, in different localities, were organized. These are making rapid

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 785

progress and are increasing in membership. Joseph W. McMurrin also visited the

Many successful cottage meetings have been Fresno district, and their visit was given held in the homes of members and inmuch favorable publicity in the two leadvestigators, and much good has been acing local papers. Each paper sent a press

complished. President Fon R. Brown of photographer to all the meetings, and rethe SacramentoGridley district and Elder quested from Elder Nielson a full report of

Kenneth Stephenson, who joined in makthe services. The work is progressing in

ing this report, state that they find much Fresno. A new branch was recently added

pleasure in reading the Improvement Era. to the district and a new Sunday School

Elder Glenn E. Nielson reports that organized.

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith and President

Missionaries of the Fresno District

Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve, and Mission President Joseph

W. McMurrin are in the front row, at center.

Making Headway in France The first branch conference ever held in Swiss, Lyons and Marseilles districts of the quaint old city of Besancon took place the French mission. Besancon is famous

January 14 to 16, 1928. The city is because of being the birthplace of one of

scenic and picturesque, surrounded by the greatest French authors. Victor Hugo.

ruins of mediaeval fortresses with the This was the largest gathering of "Mor peaceful Doubs river winding through it mon"missionaries ever held in one French like a huge serpent. Forty missionaries city. Among them were a number of

were gathered together, representing the elders so tall as to cause great surprise 786 IMPROVEMENT ERA

among the French inhabitants. An excel Ernest C. Rossiter and his wife were

lent program was given, one of the prin present and gave valuable instructions to cipal features'being a Book of Mormon the missionaries. It was a time of repageant, which aroused unusual interest joicing. Samuel H. Cortez, secretary

and has already resulted in the sale of LyonsMarseilles districts.

1 of this book. President many copies

Missionaries of LyonsMarseilles Districts

First row, left to right: Arthur L. Newman; Ray C. Moody, mission secretary; S. Call

Nelson, president Marseilles district: Venus R. Rossiter. president Relief Societies of French

mission; Mission President Ernest C. Rossiter; Klenner F. Sharp, outgoing president of

Swiss district; Leon L. Cowles, outgoing president of Lyons district; Stewart A. Wright,

John S. Ness, Artell E. Johnson, LeGrand H. Lamb, Royal Ballif. Second row: Ethan

O. Huffaker, George E. Brunt. Clarence H. Manning, Gordon N. Cope. Cleo V. Hickman.

Peter R. Christensen. Benjamin M. Bingham. Samuel H. Cortez. John S. Griffin, A. F.

Hampton. Parker P. Warner. Almon L. Brown, incoming president of Lyons district.

Third row: George Y. Jarvis, Eugene W. Willey. H. Gibson Berrett. Cecil E. Hart, Wayne

H. Knight. Joseph H. White. Carl J. Harris. Wm. R. Shaw. LeGrand M. Silver. Clarence

P. Durrant. James R. Kennard. T. Donald Creer, Elliot D. Holt. Reed H. Jensen.

Philadelphia to Have New Chapel

A large threestory residence in Philaauxiliary organizations. Six Primary asdelphia was recently purchased by Pressociations are now organized in the district,

ident H. H. Rolapp of the Eastern States directed by the women missionaries, which

mission, to be remodeled and renovated are proving very effective. In many infor a district chapel. The work will be stances, non-"Mormon"parents have been

done under the supervision of District induced to attend by the appeal made

President A. K. Romney. When comthrough their children. An excellent sumpleted, the building will accommodate 1 75 mer program has been planned. Street

persons, and provide class rooms for all meetings are held regularly in Philadelphia,

MESSAGES FROM MISSIONS 787

and the officials have given us concessions success. R. F. Dickson, shortterm misfor some of the best corners in the city. sionary.

Our diligent trading is meeting with good

Missionaries in Philadelphia District

Sitting, left to right: Martha Elggren, Salt Lake City; A. K. Romney, district president.

Rexburg, Idaho; Nellie Mathie, Huntington, Utah; Veloy Peterson, Brigham City, Utah;

Grant Patterson, Clinton, Utah. Standing: Kenneth Sproul, Blackfoot, Idaho; Clyde

Hallingshead, Minersville, Utah; R. F. Dickson, Layton, Utah; Eugene Millet, Mesa, Arizona;

Joseph Lyon. Firth, Idaho; Wilwood Griffin, Byron, Wyoming.

"It Works"

Under this caption, District President Jesus Christ. President John A. Widtsoe

Cecil B. Kenner sends the Era a report of of the European mission and other misan interesting event, held amid Easter sunsionaries gave valuable instruction at the

shine and enthusiastic crowds, at Sheffield, various meetings. On Monday the M. I.

England, April 8 and 9. The report in- A. spirit took possession of all. Contests

dicates, not only that "it works,"but were held in debating, singing, oratory, also that they work. A gratifying inessays, etc. This important organizacrease in tithes as well as in all phases of tion promises to become a mighty missionmissionary activity was shown. Local paary factor. Already the fruits of this

pers contributed their share to the success gathering are manifest in the various of the occasion by publishing satisfactory branches of the district. There has been

accounts of the conference. The Sunday a notable increase in membership, attendSchool program emphasized the importance and efficiency. "It works,"always

ance of a testimony of the divinity of and everywhere, if you work it.

788 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elders Attending Sheffield Conference

Front row: Weston W. Taylor and Richard L. Evans, of the Liverpool office; Cecil B.

Kenner, president of the Sheffield district; Dr. John A. Widtsoe, president of the European

mission, Leah D. Widtsoe, president of the Relief Societies of the European mission and

Ralph V. Chisholm, of the Liverpool office. Center: Richard K. Knight, Heber J.

Matkin. president of the Birmingham district, William F. McKelvey, Thomas E. Paskins,

of the Birmingham district, Eudora Widtsoe, Justin B. Lillywhite, Joseph S. Savage and

Merlin G. Wood. Back row: Arthur R. Livingston, Nephi Cutler, of the Leeds

district. LeRoy S. Taylor. R. LeRoy Blamires, Ralph A. Garner and William F. Forsey,

of the Liverpool district.

The Book of Life As an assistance to a clear definition of right and wrong the Bible is indispensable.

In it we have a growing moral order with an ever developing type of character that finds perfect fruition in Jesus of Nazareth, who in turn is interpreted in the apostolic life of the early church. Careful students of the Bible will marvel at the revelations

to the conscience. They will find before every dangerous temptation a warning post.

They will see across every chasm a well marked bridge. They will note for every sin

a cleansing method. They will observe for every guilt a cleancut redemption. The

Bible offers for the confused wayfarer a standard by which to gauge his character. It

gives light to the forwardmarching soul. Without it we would sink into the byways

of sin, but with it we are shown the pathway of righteousness.

The Bible furnishes the goal for human life. A man must have a sense of

destination if he is to travel joyfully and persistently. If it is to be worth while, life

must have a fact, two goals, the one social and the other personal. Without goal—in

the Bible there is no social goal. Nations and governments seem to have no real sense

of destiny. Here we are as a nation of more than a hundred million people but whither

are we bound? Is this nation to build merely another monument of national life in

human history? What statesman of the world can offer a goal for his nation's life?

are a race of men going on in confused ways into an indefinite future. Without—Selected.God we

Liberty Under the Law The heart that is not thrilled at menplicable to every question which may occur tion of July 4, 1776, is not truly Amerin practicable administration. No foreican. When a people mighty in detersight can anticipate nor any document of

mined purpose, even though small in numreasonable length contain express prober, finds itself in oppressive and unenvisions for all possible questions."

durable bondage, there can be but one reJust as one set of scriptures is insufsult. ficient to guide mankind under varying

Every school child knows and loves the conditions of time and surroundings, so story. Death was, as it ever must be, also laws must be enacted to meet changing

better than slavery, and American patriots situations.

by the thousands died willingly for the Recently the Church leaders have felt cause of freedom. But they did not die the necessity of emphasizing anew the

in vain, for millions are enjoying the freeimportance of law observance, and, in line dom bought at so great a cost. therewith, the Mutual Improvement AsThe Declaration of Independence and sociations have wisely adopted a slogan

the Constitution of the United States have which, during the coming months, will a deeper significance for members of this keep this matter prominently before their

Church, perhaps, than for any other peomembers: "We stand for law: For the

ple. Together with all other Americans, people who live it, and the officers whowe recognize and admire the courage and enforce it."

ability of the mighty men who framed

One hears complaints from the drinker,these documents. But the founding of

this nation was not merely a human the smoker, the gambler, that present

Itachievement. God had a hand in the statutes infringe upon personal rights.

intelligent men admatter. Nearly one hundred years ago, he is surprising how many

said; "And for this purpose have I estabvance this absurdly selfish and puerile

claim. As well might the school boy conlished the Constitution of this land, by the

hands of wise men whom I raised up unto tend for the right to absent himself at will conthis very purpose, and redeemed the land will from his classes. No one

by the shedding of blood."tend that the truant has in reality more

freedom than the obedient lad, and yet this This basic law was designed to give is advanced from one generationtrue freedom to all men living under it. argument

It accords to every man opportunities equal to another. It is gratifying to note that

for law are beginning toto those enjoyed by all others. That is real those who stand

a recognition of their own perfreedom, and one who desires more is demand sonal rights, chief among which is thecither inexcusably selfish or is a criminal.

Passing years have made certain changes right to breathe pure air, to ride or walk in the Constitution necessary; and this is on our streets without being run down by

no reflection upon the original document. a drunken driver, and to enjoy all the

Such a situation was foreseen by every liberties vouchsafed under the Constitution.

thoughtful statesman. Referring to this The present battle against lawlessness is

subject in his first inaugural address, Abra- a battle for freedom, not less important ham Lincoln gives expression to this palthan that waged by the Revolutionary pable truth: "No organic law can ever be patriots. The people, therefore, are justiframed with a provision specifically apfied in every righteous effort to win the

790 IMPROVEMENT ERA

fight. One of the first steps is to see that end they are unescapable, and, unfortunstrong, courageous and honest men are ately, the innocent suffer with the guilty,

elected to office. Men may escape the "The millwheels of God grind slowly,

results of lawlessness for a time, but in the but they grind exceedingly fine."—C.

The June Conference None who attended the recent Mutual organizations, while instructions given by

Improvement conference or witnessed the President Heber J. Grant and other Church

Primary parade and pageant will aver that Authorities were unusually inspirational.

"Mormonism"is not "carrying on."The The one regettable feature of the conthousands of young people, from all the ference was the absence of General Superorganized stakes and many of the missions, intendent George Albert Smith, who was

who participated in these events did so detained at his home by a stubborn illness.

with a spirit founded upon something more The assembled multitudes united in earnest substantial than transitory enthusiasm. prayers for his early and complete recovery.

They gave evidence of a sublime faith An important feature of the gathering a faith, too, which is the was the comprehensive explanation of the contagious—in

thing they were representing. Their efnew plan of Priesthood quorum work as

forts gladdened the hearts and dimmed it relates to the Mutual Improvement meetthe eyes of those who saw and heard them. ings. This plan deserves the thoughtful

It is a well known fact that people love consideration of all who belong to the that for which they labor, and the reason organization.

the Latterday Saints love their Church All will recognize in the theme of the was apparent in these gatherings. One conference one of the most vital questions

unfamiliar with our methods would be confronting the pleasuremad world of toastonished to learn the almost unbelievable day: "The abundant life through the

number of hours of gratuitous work which wholesome use of leisure time."Every

were devoted to this successful conference; person can with profit ponder over this

and. in addition to the labor, local peopleimportant theme, with a view to making bore the expense of their costumes, banners, a personal application of it,—"the

floats, etc. WHOLESOME use of leisure time."

Colorful as was the magnificent PriThe judges of the contests discharged mary parade, the impressions made by the their difficult tasks in a commendable pageant presented later at the U. of U. manner, and they and those taking part

stadium will perhaps be even more lasting. are to be congratulated. The high quality

Looking eastward into and across the great of the work done is deserving of especial bowl with its crowds of delighted children, mention. Many of the losers this year

their manycolored costumes, and with would easily have won first place, and inverdant and inspiring hills touched by the deed would have been considered as outrays of the departing sun as a background, standing, a few years ago. Though natthe onlooker might easily have imagined urally disappointed, they were not dishimself as gazing upon a picturesque couraged and left the contest hall with the

Oriental scene. It was a splendid demondetermination to be heard from later. This

stration of the place carved out for itself spirit is characteristic of the M. I. A. As

by the Primary organization in the fifty an example, we might mention Kemmie years of its existence; and the picture will Bagley, who took second place in the

live long in the memory of all who saw it. public speaking contest last year and who

From the standpoint of attendance and returned this year to win first place.

program the conference leaves nothing to Judged from any point of view, the efbe desired. Topics treated by members of forts of the Mutual Improvement and the

the General Boards and others were prePrimary Associations were eminently sucsented tersely and in a manner which will cessful, and it is certain they will bear bring results in the detailed work of the excellent fruit.—C.

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Letter Sent to Presidencies of Stakes

June 4, 1928 Priesthood classes Sunday morning furnish to them this opportunity.

Dear Brethren: Permit us at this time to emphasize the

fact that the most important service that

Reports from the stakes and missions, the Priesthood can render is the teaching as well as observations made during ofof the principles of life and salvation, and ficial visits of the General Authorities, disthat Sunday morning is the best opporclose the fact that the plan for the studying tunity at hand for the rendering of this of the Gospel by all the Priesthood Sunday service. Every quorum member, therefore,morning, and for quorum activity Tuesday

from deacon to high priest, should be a evening, promises fruitful results. Inmissionary, inviting some neighbor or increased attendance and more united effort different member to attend class and to

will, proportionately, increase the good to study the Gospel with them. We cannot

be accomplished. Appreciative comments emphasize too strongly this phase of quoare made by sisters, and men who do not rum activity. Opportunity for rendering

hold the Higher Priesthood and who in this service presents itself every Sunday some instances are not members of the throughout the year.

Church, on the opportunity now afforded For other quorum activities during the them to study the Gospel in classes'with summer months we offer the following members of the Priesthood quorums. The suggestions:

Aaronic Priesthood Meetings AH quorums of the Aaronic Priesthood, tively, weekly meetings, which will be exas well as all quorums of the Melchizedek clusively quorum meetings. (For proPriesthood, as already stated, will continue gram of activities and order of business, see

class work every Sunday morning at 10 published instructions by the Presiding o'clock. In addition to this the deacons, Bishopric.)

teachers, and priests should hold, respecMelchizedek Priesthood Meetings

High priests, seventies and elders should ings have already been sent to stake and hold, respectively, throughout the summer to quorum presidencies.

months, as during other months of the In addition to the holding of this year, a regular monthly quorum meeting. monthly meeting, some stakes find it adThis is an official meeting of the quorum visable to continue during the summer

which should not be suspended, even durmonths the regular ward weekly meeting, ing the vacation period, except by perholding it either on Tuesday night as in mission of stake and other presiding, winter, or at some convenient hour on Sunauthorities. day. Quorum fraternity and Priesthood

An order of business and suggestions activity are best fostered by this weekly for the conducting of these monthly meetplan. These meetings are devoted almost

792 IMPROVEMENT ERA

entirely ( 1 ) to the checking up of memevery effort to have the quorums lead in bers; (2) to the receiving of reports; (3) all Church activities, we remain.

to the assignment of duties; and (4) to th? Sincerely,

fostering of a brotherhood that should become an uplifting force in the daily life of Thf. Council of the Twelve,

every quorum member. By Rudger Clawson,

Ever praying for the Lord's help in President.

The New Priesthood Plan Summary of suggestions given at a meeting of members of the Council of Twelve, the

First Council of Seventy. Mission Presidents and Stake Presidencies,

Barratt Hall, Friday, April 6, 1928, 4:15 p. m.

Elder David O. McKay

The Priesthood Quorums and the Sunday Schools

Before the October conference of 1927 out of place when quorum lines are not the Council of the Twelve had in mind a drawn.

definite plan, which included not only the Third, sisters in the Church share the studying of the Gospel, but what is equally glory and privileges of the Gospel. There

important, the activities of the quorums. is nothing which the Priesthood will be

Priesthood means service: studying is only studying Sunday morning which mothers

part of the duty of quorums. In Novemand sisters ought not to study, and so if

ber of 192 7 the Presiding Authorities recquorum lines be eliminated, women may ommended that quorums be permitted to join in the study of the Gospel. In other

hold their study hours during the time words, the members of the quorums invite hitherto set apart for the Sunday School everybody to come every Sunday morning as an auxiliary, Sunday morning from 10 to study the Gospel with them.

o'clock to 12, that ample time might be Fourth, the authorities recognize that given to the study of the Gospel. They the best way to study is to teach others,

suggested, however, that in this study and if we can have 146,000 or sixty per period quorum lines be not sharply drawn cent of 146,000 men and boys who hold for the following reasons: the Priesthood inviting other men to come

First, the wards, as far as the high with them, members of the Church or not, feel at once in that study thepriests and many of the quorums of seventhose men ty and not a few quorums of elders arc responsibility of the Priesthood, and while they are studying they are teaching others,concerned, have only parts of quorums, so and Sunday morning offers the opportunitya quorum meeting could not be held unless for the Priesthood to extend just that members came from adjoining wards.

invitation.

Second, they recognize that age limits For these and other reasons the brethren are not defined by Priesthood quorums. recommend that the quorums of the

For example, there are fathers of families Church be given the most important hour who hold only the Lesser Priesthood. These in the week. Sunday Schools have been

fathers, indifferent though they be, might reorganized and renamed, with the result be induced to join for study purpose the that the Sunday School at present falls higher quorums, and they would not feel into three groups.

Group One The first group comprises the children two years older than the primary age, or in the kindergarten and primary, and those all children from the ages of 4 to 11 inPRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 793

elusive. The responsibility of preparing under the direction of the Council of

the course of study for this group is asTwelve, signed to the General Sunday School Board

Group Two

The second group includes the age of If there is one thing in this Church the Lesser Priesthood, 12 to 20, inclusive. that should be upheld in dignity, and in

The deacons pursue studies in the "A"intelligence, it is our Missionary depart class, which includes courses in the Book ment. It is an honor for any young man

of Mormon, the New Testament, and the or young woman to enter the ranks of our

Old Testament, adapted to their age and missionaries. So should it be considered

capacity. Girls of corresponding age study an honor and a privilege for our young

coeducationally with them. Boys not men, priests or elders, to be permitted to

members of the Church, deacons'playregister in the Missionary department of mates, perhaps, are invited to come and the Church Sunday School. This departstudy also. Thus the plan affords an opment should be made up of prospective

portunity for our boys to become imbued missionaries, shortterm missionaries inwith the thought that they are now miscluded, but not of local missionaries. You

sionaries in the community and they have many seventies in your stakes pershould try to fetch into class influence their forming local missionary work. They

playmates who do not know the Gospel should not be enrolled in the Missionary as they do. department. The bishops should deterThe teachers form the "B"department, mine who should join the missionary

which includes courses in the Old Testacourse. It might be that there is a young

ment, the New Testament and the Book man just finishing his second year at colof Mormon, adapted to their age and lege, who perhaps is not through with his capacity. "C"course, but if you contemplate sendThe priests will register in what is ing him out at the end of the year, let

called the "C"department, Book of Morhim go into the missionary class and remon, Old Testament and New Testament. ceive his training. Here is a young elder,

But in that department these books will be for example, who is not sure whether he considered from the standpoint of doctrine can go on a mission this year, but if he and the philosophy of the Gospel, adapted has the desire and you think he should to the ages of these young men.

in. In The Presiding Bishopric will prescribe prepare for that labor, call him

the course of study for the Lesser Priestthe very order of things, these classes will hood. not be large. They need not be. They

The next department, the Missionary are our prospective missionaries, and the department, is the one that needs clarifydignity and character of that class should ing. by all means be maintained.

Group Three

In group three, we have the elders, the Priesthood are studying courses authorized seventies and the high priests, with men by the General Authorities of the Church.

in the Church not holding the Priesthood What then, you may ask, is the place of who are, in experience and in education, the Sunday School? The Sunday School

sufficiently matured to follow the subjects takes its proper place as a helper, as an prescribed. These will follow the course aid to the Priesthood, its organization being

of study prescribed by the Council of the utilized to carry on the preparation of lesTwelve and the First Council of Seventy. sons, the receiving of reports, the printing

Thus it will be observed, the quorums of of lessons, etc.

794 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In each of these classes, in the Gospel credit made on the official quorum record.

Doctrine department, and in each of the In the case of an elders'quorum that is other groups there should be appointed by complete in the ward, the secretary of the the president of the quorum, a group secrequorum should be in attendance and the tary, whose duty it will be to credit those quorum record kept.

who are in attendance Sunday morning The Lord help us to get the vision of at the quorum class. This record will quorum leadership, in learning, in frater

be given to the quorum secretary, and the nity, in service throughout the Church.

Elder Melvin J. Ballard

Priesthood Quorums and the M. I. A.

In building the new plan, we had in sacramental meeting on Sunday night. But

mind to provide a weekly and a monthly this Priesthood-M. I. A. program should

meeting for the quorums of the Priestgo forward on Tuesday night, and then hood and the simplification of our prowe can do all our work. If it is decided

gram. We did not wish unnecessarily to in any stake that it is necessary to have

call the brethren from their homes, but this meeting Sunday night, then the M. I.

to save time we worked out this plan that A. will have to meet on some week night

combines the weekly Priesthood meeting to complete their work.

with the M. I. A. The period suggested We had in mind also simplifying the

is Tuesday night. At least in your prowork for the bishoprics by giving them

gram it states "the same evening as the the opportunity to meet those who are

M. I. A. meet."We have for somewhat going to render service in the wards from

more than a year past been endeavoring to all these Priesthood quorums. Therefore

have the Mutual Improvement Associawe have provided thirty minutes before the tions of the Church meet on Tuesday Tuesday evening 7 to 7:30 meeting—from nights. We now jointly recommend that the best time probably when the—as

this be the night when the Priesthood bishoprics could meet the presidents of

M. I. A. meeting will be held, because these quorums. In the ca9e of the high

there is so much activity connected with priests and seventies, where there is not the M. I. A. program that it would be a complete quorum in the wards, the presexceedingly difficult to have it go foridencies of those quorums should appoint

ward on Sunday night. It would indeed a presiding officer or a leader from the

be out of harmony in many respects with high priests'and a leader from the seventies'the spirit of the Sabbath day. group in that ward, if one of the presJust a word regarding those stakes and idency does not reside in the ward, and

wards which are holding their M. I. A. this leader will meet with the bishopric

meetings on Sunday night. You probably and the presidencies of the quorums of the

feel that you cannot have the sacramenta'Priesthood, and the ward presidency of the meeting on Sunday afternoon and a preachYoung Men's Mutual.

ing meeting Sunday night; so you have We are attempting in this program to

given Sunday night to the M. I. A. In emphasize the importance of the presiding

many stakes this has been done, and I officers over the quorums, and instead of presume there is no objection to letting having a supervising ward teacher, for the sacramental meeting come on Sunday example, over a group of elders, seventies night, and if you omit any meeting proband high priests doing the work in this ably the Sunday afternoon meeting could district, we desire the quorum officers to be omitted with less loss, and you will do that supervising. You could do it in

get young people particularly in your this way: In one division of the ward

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 795

the elders could care for the ward teaching, departments. We think it is far better, if

with so many priests and teachers affiliated you have more than one quorum of with them; in another district of the ward deacons, to let each quorum meet by itself

the work could be done by the high priests with a quorum officer presiding.

with the teachers and priests associated Since we are anxious to have the same with them. The missionary work in the leaders, particularly in the Lesser Priestward could be done by the seventies. There hood quorums and in the activities of the

might be some seventies 1 left who could M. I. A., we suggest that the bishopric

do the ward teaching work in another and the officers of the Young Men's Asdistrict with priests and teachers. Then sociation in the ward meet together and

there might be another district where the choose the best leaders for the groups in priests themselves could do the work. So the Priesthood period and in the activity

that supervising the Priesthood in the period, so that there will be no break, wards should be in the hands of the presparticularly with the Lesser Priesthood, idencies of quorums. That will create rewhere leadership means so much.

sponsibility and quorum interest in the

Then for fortyfive minutes, from 7:45 work that is particularly assigned to the

to 8:30, the quorum officers will be givquorums.

Now in this meeting where the quorum ing to the quorum the instruction they receive from the bishop, any assignments officers meet with the bishopric, reports of is to render in theward teachers, missionary work, or other for service this quorum service is brought to the bishopric from ward, and receive back from the quorum that these quorum officers, or the one who is members reports of activities. When

leading the group. Then the bishops give is concluded there is an immediate adassignment in ward teaching to the presjournment without prayer, into the de-

I. A. for one hour. idents of these quorums, going so far as partments of the M.

to suggest the companions that should be Deacons and teachers, go into the Scout doing team work in that particular district, department. The priests go into the M

or any other suggestions of service that he Men's department. The elders who are

desires these quorums to render. That unmarried may go with the M Men. and

thirtyminute period gives him the opporthey who are married may meet with their tunity to get reports of work done, to give wives, who have, during the intermission, assignments to those who are to do that studied with the Young Ladies their work in the ward. manual work for Juniors and Seniors. ToNow you have come to the opening gether these husbands and wives go into

period of the Priesthood-M. I. A., where the Social and Literary department, where

they have elective courses, and where theyin all the Priesthood of the ward and the can carry forward the adult education ofsisters of the ward as well are expected to the Church in many interesting fields, onebe present, so far as they can, and we are of them being an elective course in genasking that the bishop preside over this ealogy, giving the genealogical workers an meeting, to this extent at least that he call opportunity to meet with their group.the meeting to order. We suggest that he

ask the officers of the Young Men's orThe adjournment may be taken from ganization (the reason we have not named the several departments, or there may be the Young Ladies is because we desire to a joint reassemblage, but the time of diskeep the Priesthood in control of this missal should be at the same period.

group) to conduct the exercises, which There comes with this the suggestion are to be brief, not over fifteen minutes, that Friday evening for adults and afterand then there is immediate adjournment noon for children be the recreation period of the deacons to their quorum meeting, of the Church, under the supervision and also teachers, priests, elders, seventies and leadership of the M. I. A. and the Primary

the high priests, to meet in their separate Associations.

'96 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elder Stephen L. Richards

Summer Program, Record and Report

Brethren, I wonder how many can Have your quorums any quorum funds?

answer these questions: If so, what is the nature of those funds

What is the average enrollment of memand the amount? How are disbursements

bers in your quorums? made and for what purposes?

Do your quorum members attend theii What is the percentage of your quo quorum meetings.''If so, in what number? rum members who are married? And if

Do they attend sacramental meetings they are married, have they been married

What is the percentage. or sealed in the temple?

What per cent of them attend these Sun What is the number or per cent of your day School sessions for their education and quorum members carrying life insurance?

study? How many visits have your quorum

What per cent of them attend quarterlv presidency made to quorum members, or conferences? have members of the quorum made to their

As to the officers of the quorum, what fellowmembets to try to stimulate them per cent of your officers of quorums attend in their activity?

your council meetings? Managerial meetDo you have in your quorums the unings, to look after their quorums? dertaking of fraternal projects such as

What per cent of them attend Priesthood aiding fellowmembers or missionaries'

Union meetings? families, by financial aid or otherwise?

What per cent of them attend meetings How often do they engage in socials, with the bishop, for this consultation and when do they visit the sick and giv spoken of? With the stake presidency? condolence to the bereaved?

What committees do you have in your Those are a few questions that we feel quorums and when do they meet? What are worthy of consideration by those who

reports do they make 7 What are they preside over quorums and by those who undertaking to do? are responsible for the conduct of the quoWhat Church service is performed by rum work in the stakes of Zion; and to the

your quorum members, as foreign misend that such information may be availsionaries, or as local missionaries? able to quorum presidencies and to stake

What percentage of them are engaged in presidencies and to the Presiding Authorward teaching? ities of the Church, it is proposed that in

What percentage of them attend Sunday this new plan we cause report blanks to

School, Mutual, or Religion Class? be circulated among the quorums, and then

What per cent are genealogical and temhave reports submitted setting forth subple workers? stantially the information which I have

How many are recreation workers, or indicated, in order that we may know.

work in other organizations? We recognize that to add to our statis

And then a little personal information: tical information and to the burden of

Do you know anything about the persecuring it is probably not a very welcome centage of your men in quorums who pay thing, but we believe that it would be tithing? well to circulate a questionnaire of the kind

How many are exempt as nonearners? that I have mentioned, among all the

How many of them pay fast offerings? quorums, in order that their attention may

What percentage use no tobacco? No be called to some of these items which in

intoxicating liquor? No tea nor coffee? dicate their status and their progress. Aftei

No profanity? all, the chief purpose in all statistical inWhat percentage of them do not formation is to determine status and

gamble? progress. That is the only reason why

What percentage observe the Sabbath you secure reports from a business—to

day to keep it holy? know where it stands and whether it is

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 797

going forward; and the brethren feel that it or use it in any way that will emit would be desirable to cause to be printed barrass the quorum members. We shall

a blank in triplicate, to be made out by rely upon you so to instruct your quorum quorum presidents'or group leaders in the officers in that respect.

wards, one copy to be retained in the This report is to be called for every ward, two copies to be sent on to the three months. We feel that that will not

stake clerk for the information of the be too burdensome and is about as frequent presidency in the first instance, and after aswe could well have it in order to make the stake clerk has made a compilation the matter serve its purpose.

and a tabulation of the items, we are Every educational program seems to take going to ask the stake clerks to send it on a vacation. It has been the policy of

to the Presiding Bishop's Office for the schools almost from time immemorial information of the General Authorities. to relax during the summer months, ana

Brethren, we have done too much we have observed that our quorum acguessing. I go into a stake and I ask the tivities are often very greatly decreased

stake president how a certain organization and in some cases entirely suspended during is getting along, and I usually get the anthe summer months. We recognize that

swer, "Pretty well,"or "Not very well,"there are conditions that seem in some but I very seldom get the specific items stakes to make this almost imperative, and which indicate progress or otherwise, beof course we cannot very well change those cause we do not know, we have not made conditions. I presume that a very conthe investigation. This is designed to give siderable part of the Church is still agrius that knowledge. We believe that quocultural. We live in rural districts, our

rum presidents, if they are asked to keep farmers are obliged to work long hours, these items continually before them, will they cannot abandon their work until the work to the end of having their quorums last hours of daylight have gone. Now,

conform to the requirements that have in order to make some provision for the been laid down by the brethren who have summer work in our stakes (in many cases spoken here today. perhaps the stakes will feel that they

We have prepared some blanks, just cannot carry forward this regular schedule as a reminder of this item. You will obthat has been outlined by Brother Ballard,

serve that there are some personal items to having the members meet regularly on isbe considered. We regard it as a very Tuesday nights with the M. I. A.), it

personal and delicate thing to find out felt that we can at least do three things:

whether a man uses profanity, to find out First: We can have a monthly quowhether he is gambling, whether he keeps rum.meeting on a Sunday afternoon or at

the Word of Wisdom, and obeys the law the most convenient time for the stake, of tithing; but we believe all quorum presthe ward, or the members; and we can

idents are entitled to know, and unless they ask the members of the quorum to attend know they cannot adequately deal with that meeting.

should in all cases have athese situations. But we are urging that Second: We

when this information is secured it be weekly meeting of the quorum presidency secured in such manner as to give no or the group leaders. You cannot run a

offense or embarrassment. The tithing business unless the management do their

feel that a council meeting record is made by the bishop. The quorum work. We

president can secure from the bishop the of the group, or leaders, or quorum presis essential. tithing record for the members. We can idency

also learn by personal contact with inThird: There should be a weekly

dividuals their status with reference to meeting of the quorum presidency or group these matters. And when the information leaders with the bishopric, in order that

is once secured it becomes a solemn duty these assignments which have been menof the quorum president not to divulge tioned here today can be given, reports 798 IMPROVEMENT ERA

received, and at least the work of the quowill take it up in September, when they rum for the Church go forward although begin their new work.

its regular weekly meetings may for a seaThese three meetings, please remember, son be suspended. we regard as indispensable for the carrying

We wish to say no word, however, in forward of our summer work.

discouragement of the stakes who will As to the time of holding those meetit to thecarry forward the regular weekly program. ings, we must of course leave

stakes to choose a time most convenientThere will be provision made for topics to for those who are to attend.carry forward the work on Tuesday eveNow, my brethren, I commend to youning during the entire year, and when the the items which are contained in this questime comes in the fall for the quorums tionnaire or report. I feel to say personally

which have suspended during the summer that if every quorum would check itself to resume their work, they will take up on those items, we would have an unthe work as of the date when they begin. precedented increase in efficiency and spirit

They will not try to go back over the in the quorums'of the holy Priesthood.

summer work of the regular course; they God grant that it may be so. Amen.

Questions Asked and Answers Given

President Hart of Rigby Stake: Is it ning meetings, we think it better that you

the desire of the Authorities that those who should hold the evening meeting.

now hold their Mutual meeting on Sunday President Wood of Alberta Stake: We

evening discontinue them and hold them are wondering up our way, from the fact instead on Tuesday night? that we are strictly agricultural, if there

Brother Ballard: Our recommendation is any objection to our meeting at nine

is that you change your Mutual meetings o'clock Sunday morning in Priesthood to Tuesday night, because of the character meeting instead of Tuesday night with the of our program. It is left optional with Mutual, or Sunday night with the Mutual.

you as to whether you hold the sacraOur high priests and a good many sevenmental meeting Sunday afternoon or Sunties and elders dislike coming out in the day evening. evening, but they would all attend Sunday

A Stake President: In our stake at the morning. Boys who go out to work

present time we hold Sunday School Sunweek-days could not come Tuesday nights, day morning, sacramental meeting Sunday but they will be there, as they have always afternoon, and Mutual Sunday night. If been in the past, Sunday morning from

we abandon either of the Sunday meetings nine to ten.

I am afraid it will be an invitation to Brother McKay: The brethren of the

our young people to go out with their Twelve recommend that, as far as possible, automobiles the entire Sunday afternoon Priesthood meetings be not held on Sunor the entire Sunday evening. I am someday mornings. You may hold it after

what fearful they will not remain at home. Sunday School or any other hour during

Brother Ballard: We do not say that the week that will be convenient.

you should abandon your Sunday afterPresident Burgon of the East Jordan noon meeting, but if you do have a meetStake: I did not clearly understand

ing Sunday night, and you want the young whether or not the M. I. A. will continue

people to put on a program we have no holding meetings during the summer objection, if it is in harmony with the months, or if they will discontinue them?

Sabbath day. We think we ought to Brother Ballard: Our proposition is

have a meeting Sunday evening in every that wherever any ward or stake desires ward in this Church for the sake of the to hold their meetings during the summer young people. If you feel that you canmonths, particularly for the Lesser Priestnot hold both the afternoon and the evehood, we will provide a program for the

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 799

M. I. A. in connection with that for the Tuesday night is made by the straight

priests, teachers and deacons. mark, credit for attendance on Sunday

morning by a horizontal mark.

President Little of the Oquirrh Stake:

are I would like to ask if there will be any President Hart of Rigby Stake: We

holding our Priesthood quorum meetingsobjection to putting over the Priesthood work as is outlined for us during the sumonce a month, on the date we hold our

Union meetings, and we find them verymer month if the Mutual does not care to

Do you suggest that we disput over its program? That is, if there successful.

continue this? We haven't a ward in ourwould be any objection to the Priesthood

going ahead with some of its work durstake that has a complete quorum of seventies, elders or high priests.ing the summer months, provided the Mutuals do not care to carry on their proBrother McKay: We suggest that you

gram continue as you are doing, with the understanding that you give to your quorums

Brother Ballard: You may do this if all the time necessary to transact their busiyou want to. If you want the Mutual ness. For monthly Unions, choose any

program to go with it, it will be provided. of the options given in the little pamphlet.

A member of the Presidency of Fremont President May of Minidoka Stake: In

Stake: Are we to understand that we are the Mutual meetings Tuesday night, v/ill

to have records kept of quorum meetings the Young Ladies'presidency sit on the

Sunday morning and also Tuesday night, stand with the bishopric, and is it your so that there will be records of two Priestrecommendation that they shall not at any hood classes, tabulated each week, one on time conduct?

Sunday morning and one on Tuesday

Brother Ballard: We suggest that thanight?

Young Ladies'officers sit on the stand as

Brother McKay: Yes, a secretary of usual, and that in the meeting where the

the quorum group on Sunday morning Priesthood is jointly assembled with the will mark present all members of this Young Ladies that we let the Young Men group, whether they are in the Gospel conduct, and the Young Ladies can take

Doctrine class or whether they are in the their part in the meetings the first 5unday superintendency or the bishopric or in night of the month, alternating with the another class. Credit for attendance on Young Men as in the past.

Reaching Members of the Aaronic Priesthood

Effective teaching brings response. than it could have been made by teaching

Spoken response is good, but a response only.

of physical action is much better, the imThe Aaronic Priesthood age is peculiarly pression is more indelible. Teaching susceptible to spiritual influences and ideals

reaches its ideals when it enlists in its if those ideals are introduced with tact cause the earnest services of its pupils.

and discretion. This is not necessarily the By actual service in the ministry, the

bad, wild age of the boy; yet, at this timeboys get more of the spirit of the work

he is active and impressionable. This isthan they can get from making talks about

it, or from listening to someone else talk. a time when things can be put over to

In taking part, especially in teaching a him with great indelibility, a time when standard, they commit themselves to that the love of the Gospel can get such a grip it will always remain in hisstandard and feel dutybound to uphold it. on him that

Having stood for it and impersonated it, soul as an anchor of safety.

their obligation to maintain it is keener In most cases, the work comes more 800 IMPROVEMENT ERA

natural and easier to the beginner, when for the boys to begin their activity in the he is a deacon, a teacher, a priest, than it ministry. When they begin at this time

ever will at any later date. It is noticethey fit into the work, they like it and

able that with newly called ward teachers, find it easy. But, in many cases, from

who have had little previous experience, this time on, if they are not engaged in the boys can adapt themselves to it and the work of the ministry, they are falling get the spirit of it more readily than older into ways which estrange them from it men. and unfit them for it.

There is a ripe time for action, and the There is a time to enlist the boys in the fact that the Priesthood means action and Lord's work, and that is when they are not idleness, and that it is given at this first entrusted with authority to take part.

time to the boys, indicates this as the time—Albert R. Lyman.

Pioneer Stake Aaronic Priesthood

In the Pioneer stake an effort is being also laid on the responsibility of the Mumade to carry on through the summer tual Improvement and the scout leaders to months the quorum activity and recreathe Aaronic Priesthood work, and those in tional program as outlined by the Presiding charge of this phase of activity were asked

Bishopric for the Aaronic Priesthood. to see that the scout program was so orTo promote interest in this program the ganized as to work into the leisure time of

stake presidency and members of the stake the boys.

Aaronic Priesthood Committee entertained Attention was called to the gift of five 102 ward workers in Mill Creek canyon watches by Elder John C. Cutler, to be

on the afternoon and evening of June 13. awarded to five boy scouts of Pioneer

The ward workers constituted members of stake attaining the highest average of dethe bishoprics, Aaronic Priesthood supervelopment and progress in scouting during visors, presidencies of the Young M:n's the year, this award to be made for the

Mutual Improvement Associations, scout purpose of stimulating activity among masters, and others connected with Aaroni; scout leaders and the boys of the various

Priesthood work in the wards.

scout troops.

The program consisted of outdoor

As a result of this evening's entertaingames and recreation, with a banquet and program in the evening. During the ment and the splendid organizing in the

it is expected that the course of the evening, the program of Mustake and wards, tual Improvement work in connection with Lesser Priesthood program will be successPriesthood activity work was carefully outfully continued on Tuesday night throughlined, and those present were urged to out the summer months, without a very carry this program into effect. Stress was marked decrease in the attendance.

Last Words of Infidels Charles IX King of France: "What blood, what murders, what evil counsels

have I followed! I am lost, I see it all."

Tom Paine: "I would give worlds, if I had them, if The Age of Reason had

never been published. O Lord, help me, Christ help me; stay with me, it is hell to

be alone."M. I. A. and Genealogical Work

The following letter, which was sent entitled to take credit for attendance for to a stake president, is selfexplanatory: those members who are taking the Genealogical work, but the presentation of the

Dear Brother: lessons will be left entirely in the hands of

We were appointed by President Clawthe local committee of the Genealogical son to answer your letter relative to the Society. There must be, therefore, close

proposed genealogical work to be given cooperation and harmony existing between in connection with the Mutual Improvethe genealogical workers and the Mutual ment Association under the new plan. Improvement people, so that the desirable

This is to advise you that we have purposes may be accomplished in giving to concluded that, so far as the course is con those who wish to study genealogy in the cerned, it is to be furnished by the Geneaward the opportunity to do so during logical Society of Utah, and the execution this M. I. A. period.

of the work will devolve upon the stake Trusting this will be satisfactory and and ward committees of the Genealogical that we will have good results come from

Society; though the time allowed is a porthis new opportunity, we are

tion of the M. I. A., and the work is to Sincerely your brethren,

be given as one of the optional courses for Joseph Fielding Smith, the adult group in this association. The Melvin J. Ballard,

Mutual Improvement Association will be Special Committee.

Sunday Evening Joint Meetings Suggested Program for August 5

For this meeting, it is suggested that the "Salt Lake is interesting; and there would

it is not the evening be given to a discussion of the be no sense in pretending that 'Mormon'Church which has given it its interest, cities of the West. They are unique in as well as much of its beauty, situation apart.

character, for those founded by the pioBrigham Young, unlike Joseph Smith, the neers usually had broad streets and sideProphet, was not given much to revelation; but

walks, with streams of water running by he was assuredly a great pioneer, and a man of powerful and constructive mind. To Brigham every home. Trees were planted; gardens Young it is due that the barren valley over

made, and every home was virtually a which he gazed from the mouth of Emigration small farm. The houses were built back canyon is now so densely green with trees;

from the streets, and there was plenty of to him we owe the wide and noble streets of the from the first, allowed to space between the front fence and the city—never, grow up haphazard; he and none other was

veranda for lawns and flowers. An earlyresponsible for the first and promptest irrigaday writer said that every "Mormon"tion of the Western desert. God Himself may

home was a flower garden. Salt Lake City have sent the seagulls (it is a penitentiary offense to kill a seagull in Utah), to save the

is one of the beautiful cities of the world, crops from the locusts and the Saints from and Catherine Fullerton Gerould writes in starvation; but it was undoubtedly Brigham

her book entitled The Aristocratic West: Young who taught the people that their prosperity must come from agriculture. * * *

"Of all the people I have known who have "Utah is a very hardworking state, and been in Salt Lake City, none has ever taken hard work has taught it what is worth workthe trouble to say that it is simply one of the ing for. Fine schools; good water supply,

most beautiful towns on the planet. * * * comfortable homes."

802 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Salt Lake City was surveyed and named by the Territorial legislature. The first mayor

within a month after the settlement of the was Jedcdiah M. Grant. The mayor and city

council enacted various laws, which had as poinccrs on City Creek, July 24, 1847. At an object the beautifying of the city as well

General Conference of all the members as the building and maintenance of good of the Church, held August 22 of the streets. Quoting from the minutes of a meetsame year, all the people by vote decided ing of the city council held January 1L 1851.

we find the following extract in reference to to call their city The City of the Great the work of setting out shadetrees:

Salt Lake. For many years it bore this 'An ordinance was presented to the Counname. cil which required holders of lots to set out

trees for the improvement of the city in front "In 1847, Brigbam Young returned to the of their lots within a reasonable time. A discamps on the Missouri river, where most of cussion ensued, and it was finally recommended

his people were still waiting to join in the that all kinds of beautiful trees be planted, march overland to Utah. During the winter as the Creator had given us a pleasing variety.'

of 184 7-1848 he left the affairs in the little "City of Beautiful Streets.—What

settlement of the Salt Lake valley to the made Salt Lake beautiful from inception were direction of a stake presidency. Salt Lake the broad streets, and sidewalks, and beautiCity was a stake of Zion. ful trees and gardens."

"With the return of President Young in 1848. Salt Lake City was divided into It will be interesting to give the history

'wards,'over each of which was placed a of the city in which you live. Have some

bishop. Each 'ward'was a regular division member tell the story of its settlement, andfor ecclesiastical and political purposes, and

was an independent and progressive corporahow it was laid out and named. All cities

tion under the direction of the bishop. of earlyday Utah and surrounding states

"In 1851, Salt Lake City was chartered by were similar in general appearance andthe Territorial legislature, which provided for the first officers of the city to be appointed survey to Salt Lake City.

Dates of Auxiliary Group Conventions for 1928

Held in connection with the Quarterly Conferences

June 30July Nevada, North Maricopa, Oneida, Panguitch, Raft 1—Benson,

Sevier, Tintic, Woodruff, YellowRiver, San Francisco.

stone, Tooele. Sept. Lake, Juarez, Kanab, Los 8-9—BearJuly Curlew, Lost River, Angeles, Parowan, Pocatello, Rigby, 7-8—Cassia,

Lyman, Malad, Summit, Wayne. South Sanpete, St. Joseph.

July Burley, Emery, 1415—Bannock, Sept. Franklin, Gunnison, 1516—Boise, Hollywood, Twin Falls. Juab, Millard, Moapa, San Juan,

Aug. Beaver, Blaine, 1819—Alberta, Wasatch.

Duchesne, Lethbridge, Roosevelt,

Sept. 2324 Minidoka, Montpelier. Shelley, St. Johns.

North Sanpete, San Luis, Star Valley,Aug. River, Idaho Falls, 2526—Bear

Portneuf, Snowflake, South Sevier, St. George, Union, Young.

Taylor, Teton, Uintah. Sept. Carbon. Deseret. 2930—Blackfoot,

Sept. Horn, Garfield, Idaho, Fremont, Hyrum. Morgan, Sevier. 1-2—Big

Program of Auxiliary Group Conventions

PUBLIC SESSIONS Saturday, 10 a. m. to 11:30 a. m.

Theme: Greater Understanding and Appreciation of Divine Authority

Song Service (15 minutes) a. "True to the Faith."

Under direction of Stake Chorister b. "Scatter Sunshine."

...

MUTUAL WORK 803

c. "Prayer is the Soul's Sincere Desire."Life General Board Member

2. Prayer. 6. The Priesthood and the Problems of

3. Address of Welcome Stake President Modern Life General Board Member

4. Problems of Life: 7. Closing Song, "Improve the Shining Economic—SocialMoral—Spiritual Moments."

General Board Member 8. Preview of the meetings to follow.

5. The Prophets and the Problems of 9. Benediction.

Saturday, 2 p. m. to 3:15 p. m.

Theme: The Leisuretime Guidance of Children

1. Song. M. I. A. Representative

2. Prayer. 6. The Relation of the Primary Pro-

3. Song. gram to Sunday School Work

4. "Time's Most Precious Gift"Sunday School Representative

Primary Representative 7. Song.

5. Foundation Conditions Structure... 8. Prayer.

Sunday Morning, 9 a. m. to 10:20 a. m.

The following to be present: Stake Priesthood quorums, stake boards and all

presidency, members of the high council, ward auxiliary officers and teachers bishops and counselors, presidencies of

Theme: Correlation of the Priesthood with Theological Study and

Leisuretime Guidance 1. Song, "Put Your Shoulder to the of Children

Wheel."Primary Association General

2. Prayer. Representative

3. The TwoFold Function of the The M. I. Organization for A.—An

Priesthood.. General Representative the Leisuretime Guidance of Young

OrganizaPeople and Adults 4. The Sunday School—An

tion for Religious Education.... M. I. A. General Representative

Sunday School General Representative Closing Song, "Onward, Christian

OrSoldiers."5. The Primary Association—An

ganization for Leisuretime Guidance

Sunday Morning, 10:30 a. m. to 12 m.

Church Theological Study Hour 1. Devotional Music (2 minutes). *11. Reading. "The Significance of

2. Notices. Partaking of the Sacrament."

3. Singing. 12. Concert Recitation. (For the cur-

4. Prayer. rent month)

5. Singing. 13. Song Service.

6. Addresses by boy and girl (2y2 14. Consideration of Class Work

minutes each) Member of the General Board 7. Singing. (Sacramental). 15. Report of attendance.

8. Prelude. 1 6. Brief remarks.

9. Sacramental Gem. (For the cur- 1 7. Singing.

rent month) 18. Benediction.

10. Postlude.

*Since it is usually impracticable at this session of the conference conveniently to administer the sacrament, that ordinance will be omitted, and in lieu thereof the article named, written by Elder

David O- McKay and published in the Millennial Star and the Juvenile Instructor, will be read.

..

804 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Sunday Afternoon, 2 p. m.

Regular Quarterly Conference Session

Sunday Evening, 7:30 p. m.

M. /. A. Meeting

Music. 4. The Slogan: "We Stand for Law,

"The Abundant Life Through the for the People who Live it, and the

Wholesome Use of LeisureTime"Officers who Enforce it."

.. General Representative General Representative

Music. 5. Music.

SUNDAY SCHOOL MEETINGS Saturday, 11:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.

Conference of the General Board memidency, high council and bishops.

bers with stake superintendency and secreDiscussion of the questionnaire and tary and representatives of the stake presreport of the stake superintendent.

Saturday, 3:20 p. m. to 4:30 p. m.

Meeting of the stake board and ward 4. The Sunday School in Session

superintendencies with representative of the General Board Member

General Board, stake presidency, high 5. The Priesthood and the Sunday

council and bishops. School General Board Member

Opening Exercises. 6. Local Problems

The Faculty of the Sunday School Discussion led by General Board

General Board Member Member The Course of Study 7. Preview of meetings to follow.

General Board Member 8. Closing exercises.

Sunday, 10:30 a. m. to 12 m.

Public Session: Church Theological Study Hour. (See Program of Public

Sessions)

M. I. A. MEETINGS

Saturday, 11:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.

Conference of general representatives, 1. M. I. A. -Priesthood Plan.

with stake executives and stake boards and 2. New Organization Plan.

representatives of stake presidency, high 3. Executive Problems.

council and bishoprics. (Joint).

Saturday, 3:20 p. m. to 4:30 p. m.

General representatives, stake boards, mittee. Fields of Study—Yearward presidents and all other ward ofRound Program—Book—Project

ficers available; also representatives of Slogan Cooperation.

stake presidency, high council and bish- 3. The Adult Department. Special

oprics. (Joint). Field of Study—The Program—The

in Citizenship.All topics treated by General Board MemBook—Projects

bers. 4. The M MenGleaners Joint Pro-

1 The Music Program. gram.

2. The Community Activity ComMUTUAL WORK 805

Saturday, 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. M.

Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

General representative, all stake and General representative, all stake and ward workers and representatives of stake ward officers and representatives of stake presidency, high council and bishoprics. presidency, high council and bishoprics.

All topics treated by General Board MemAll topics treated by General Board Members. bers.

1. Special Field of Study 1. The GLEANER: Special Field of M MEN:

The Course of Study Program (Courses of Code—The Study—The

The 1 o g a n Study, Project—The Book—S Activities)—The Project—The

Social and AthCoopera- Cooperation—Special Sheaf—The Book—Slogan

letic Features. tion.

2. The Vanguards and Boy Scouts: 2. THE JUNIORS: Special field of Study

ReProgram (Studies, Activities) The Special Field of Study—The—The

lationship of the Priesthood-M. I. A.—The Project—The Standard—The

Plan to Program for Cooperation. Scouting—The Book—Slogan

the Field of Vanguards—Projects—Books. 3. BeeHive Girls—Special

Project Member- 3. The Era—The Fund—Life Study—The Program—The

ship. The Book.

Saturday, 8:30 p. m. to 10:00 p. m.

General representatives, stake and ward DEMONSTRATIONS:

officers of the priesthood and all auxiliary 1. The Tuesday Evening M. I. A.

workers. Meeting

2. A Friday Evening Program.

PRIMARY ASSOCIATION MEETINGS* Saturday, 11:30 a. m. to 12:30 p. m.

STAKE BOARD MEETING: Representatives 1. Our Assignment

of the stake presidency, high council a. What it is;

and bishoprics invited to be present. b. What it Means to Us

General Board Member

Saturday, 3:20 p. m. to 4:30 p. m.

Stake and Ward Officers: Repre- 1. The New Plan.

sentatives of the stake presidency, high 2. How It May Operate In

council, and bishoprics invited to be a. Stakes;

present. b. Wards General Board Member

Saturday, 7:30 p. m. to 8:30 p. M.

STAKE AND WARD OFFICERS (Available) 1. Concrete Illustrations of Leisuretime

Activities.

Note: Arrangements will be made for an executive meeting.

EVENT

The Republican national convention orderly process, and any nation which shall convened at Kansas City, Mo., June 12, hereafter seek to promote its national in1928. Senator Simeon D. Fess of Ohio terests by resort to war should be denied

delivered the keynote speech, emphasizing the benefits and guarantees furnished by the business prosperity of the country, the proposed treaty. "This is the object

the leadership of the American governof the negotiations in which fifteen world ment in the "war upon war,"reduction powers arc now engaged, and in the name of taxation, and legislation touching agriof the government of the United States cultural problems. Herbert Hoover, secre- I bespeak the continued support of this

tary of Commerce, was nominated, June and every other church in the present 14, on the first ballot. He had 93 7 votes movement for the promotion of world

of a possible 1182, counting all the votes peace,"he said.

cast and 5 not voting. Coolidgc got 1 7

votes and Dawesonly 4. Lowden, with Fly from America to Australia. Captain

Jr., and James Warner,74 votes, was the highest next after Harry W. Lyons,

Hoover. Americans, and KingsfordSmith and Ulm,

Australians, landed, June 1, 1928, in the

Secretary of State Kellogg appeals to the Wheeler field, Hawaii, in the monoplane churches in behalf of peace. Secretary of Southern Cross, after having covered the

State Frank B. Kellogg, on June 11, 2,400 miles from Oakland, California, in

1928, directed an appeal to the churches about 27 hours and 24 minutes. All

for support of his efforts in behalf of the through the journey the Southern Cross perpetuation of the peace of the world. kept in touch with land through its shortThe occasion was the celebration of the wavelength radio sending apparatus.

300th anniversary of the founding of Throughout the day and night the plane the Dutch Reformed church in Manhattan, sent word of its situation, now jestingly, on which occasion he delivered a memornow in anxiety and concern. Honolulu

able address. He summarized the steps gave the Southern Cross a wild welcome.

taken toward outlawing war since the The craft was the fifth to fly from the idea first originated in a suggestion made California coast to the midPacific islands.

by Aristide Briand, foreign minister of The object of this flight is Australia. At

France. Since this discussion commenced, 6:23 p. m., June 4, Pacific coast time,

he said, the idea has appealed with inthe Southern Cross landed at Suva. Fiji

creasing force to the public opinion of the Islands, having made the distance from world. The speaker acknowledged the exKauai Island, Hawaii, 3.138 miles in 34

istence of "cynical individuals", who behours 33 minutes. This is said to be

lieve in war as an institution and see no the longest flight over water ever made, value in the present negotiations, but the so far. The four fliers arrived at Brisworld's- desire for peace, he declared, would bane, Australia, June 9, at 10:10 a. m.

triumph in the end. "I am persuaded,"(5:10 p. m. United States mountain

he went on, "that the time has come when time), where they were received with great a frank renunciation of war as an instruenthusiasm. When they reached Sydney.

ment of national policy should be made, to 500 miles to the south, they had completed the end that the peaceful and friendly retheir perilous journey across the Pacific.

lations existing between the peoples of the 7.800 miles from Oakland, California.

world may be perpetuated. I am convinced, moreover, that all changes in these Secretary Kellogg's efforts for peace meet

relations should be sought only by pacific with success. The Irish Free State and

means and be the result of a peaceful and New Zealand accepted, May 31, 1928, the

PASSING EVENTS 807

invitation of Secretary Kellogg to partiAgainst Militarism. The Methodists in

cipate in the negotiations and become conference at Kansas City, Mo., expressed

original signatories of his proposed treaty themselves as opposed to military trainfor the renunciation of war. Canada's ing in the schools, colleges and universities

reply was, the same day, handed to the of this country. Dr. Ernest Freemont

American minister in Ottawa. It is also Tittle, of Evanston, declared that the war

said to be an acceptance of the proposition. spirit was fostered by military training,

Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Japan that the theory that war was inevitable had have also accepted. The time would, become increasingly prevalent, and that it

therefore, seem to have come for the beis an affront to the church "to compel ginning of the negotiations contemplated in American youth to learn to stab and kill the proposition of the American minister. and be trained in the art of murder."

The Canadian government, June 1, 1928,

Great Britain for Peace. Sir Austen notified Secretary Kellogg that it takes

Chamberlain, British secretary for foreign great pleasure in accepting his invitation to affairs, in his reply to Secretary Kellogg's join the eleven other nations in the negotianote on the outlawing of war says the tion and signature of the proposed treaty

British government, as well as its selffor the renunciation of war. Australia,

governing dominions and India, are all in

South Africa and India have also been accord with the general principle of the heard from.

treaty proposed by Mr. Kellogg, and "will

to the utmost of Disaster averted. A leak in the Scofield support the movement

dam, near that settlement, was reported on their power."Germany has accepted the

May 21, 1928, causing a panic and a genproposition without reservations, and Italy eral exodus from Colton, Scofield and other has accepted it in principle.

towns on the Price river. Immediately, Socialists victorious. At the general elechundreds of volunteers, both men and tions in Germany, May 20, 1928, the

women, went to work, under competent socialists and communists made notable direction, to try to stop the leak, and the gains. The Marx government was derailroad furnished carload after carload of feated. But Herr Stresemann, the foreign

sand, cement and rocks, which were dropminister, was reelected, and that may be ped into the hole that threatened to betaken as a popular endorsement of the come a breach in the immense wall. More republican form of government and of the

than 20,000 sacks of earth and sixty tons peace policy of Stresemann. According to

of hay served the same purpose. A flood the socialist leader, Dr. Scheidemann, "The

would have affected the people in Rolapp, working classes, burdened with intolerable

Castlegate, Heiner, Martin, Helper, Spring economic conditions, are wearied with the

Glen and lower parts of Price, besides dishonesty of the other German parties."

valuable farm land. The reservoir behind The socialistic victory is greater than the

the dam contains normally 61,000 acreleaders expected. What is most astonishfeet of water. At the time of the threatened ing is the communist growth, a majority

break 70,000 acrefeet were impounded. of the first youths of twenty voters—theThe reservoir covers approximately thirtyextremists. "This is due to years—beingsix square miles. There is a drop of the great unemployment, especially among

2000 feet between the dam and Price, the the young men, and the alluring promises last town in the threatened area. Transof the communists,"he said.

lated the dam now impounds approximately 21,000,000,000 gallons of water. What it Costs to be Governed. The

There is approximately 60 per cent more House of Congress, on May 18. passed the

water in the Scofield dam at the present second deficiency measure, amounting to time than there was in the San Francisquito $99,152,885.76. The total expenditure

dam near Los Angeles, California, at the by the present congress will amount to time of that disaster. Over four and a half billion dollars. Part

808 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of this enormous sum is accounted for by Five of the crew are with Nobile in the the fact that a large part of the nearly ice floe, and these are thought to be safe, $201,000,000 carried in the first defiuntil they can be taken off.

ciency bill this year was necessary because Packing plant destroyed by fire. Fire

the second deficiency measure a year ago destroyed the plant of the Rocky Mounbecame entangled in a senate filibuster and tain Packing corporation at Murray, Utah, never was enacted into law. June 2, 1928, causing damage estimated

Nobile in the Arctic. General Nobile at $200,000. Considerable handicap was

returned, May 18, 1928, to King's Bay, caused the fire fighters from the continuous exploding of the canned goods, consistingSpitzbergcn, after an excursion to Nicholas

II's land, which, however, he was preof peas, tomatoes and string beans. With

vented from exploring by terrifying Arctic the collapse of the roof, cans were soon weather conditions. The air ship became flying skyward as the steam pressure forced

coated with an ice crust, adding greatly the containers to give way. Chief Ed

to its weight and seriously hindering the Larson of the Murray City department was maneuvering of the airship. Realizing the of the opinion that the small stove in the

impossibility of attempting to lower a rear of the building had undoubtedly landing party in such weather, and unable caused the fire. When the blaze had been

to see any land, General Nobile was combrought under control the factory was a pelled to order the return of the ship to skeleton of broken walls and collapsed

King's Bay. The Italian explorer sucroofing.

ceeded, on May 24, 1928, in reaching the A son of President Young passes aioay.

North Pole, where he dropped a cross, Heber Young, son of President Brigham enclosed in which was a message from Pope Young and Lucy Decker Young, passed

Pius XI. On May 26, a radio message away at a hospital in Salt Lake City, June

reached Oslo, from Gen. Nobile, asking tor 3, 1928, after a protracted illness. He

help. He had been forced down on the was born in Nauvoo, 111., June 19, 1845.

ice on his return from the Pole. ImmediMr. Young filled a threeyear mission to

ately preparations were made in Norway, Germany, from which he returned in

Sweden, Italy and other countries to come 1870. He has been active in various

to the rescue. Among those who set out branches of business, including real estate

for the Arctic regions was the famous and insurance. He is survived by two

Norwiegian explorer, Roald Amundson. daughters, Mrs. Murray C. Godbe and

For many days the whereabouts of the Mrs. H. O. Kraack; four grandchildren,

Italian were unknown. Three times, in as and twelve greatgrandchildren, and one

many days, he and his companions saw sister, Mrs. John D. Spencer.

the rescue plane, but failed to attract their attention. Finally, on June 20, Major Willis Rogers passed away, May 30,

Maddalena succeeded in discovering the 1928, after twoyears'serious illness. As

stranded men, and dropped food and other a result of paralysis, he had lost his speech, supplies from the plane. At the same time but regained it shortly before his death.

Captain Amundsen and the French aviHe was born in Provo, August 17. 1873,

ator, Guilband, who left Tromsoe for and at the age of three years went with his

Spitzbergen, June 18. in a French seaparents to Salt River valley, Arizona.

plane, were reported lost and extensive Upon reaching manhood, he moved to preparations were being made to find them. Bluff, Utah, whence he was called on a

It was learned that seven men were in the mission to the Southern States, where he control cabin when the Italia was forced labored for twentyseven months. He also

down. These were borne away when the filled a mission for the Mutual Improvegas bag rose again, and their whereabouts ment Association in the Salt Lake stake,

are unknown. Three men started on foot in 1906. He was a faithful Latterday

in attempt to reach North Cape or SpitzSaint throughout his life. He is survived

bergen. They have not been heard from. by his wife and eight children.

Special Offer on Electric Ranges

Now is the time to have that Electric Range you've wanted in your home

For a limited time, we are giving ABSOLUTELY FREE

A Beautiful 42 -Piece Dinner Set

An Electric Percolator or An Electric Waffle Iron with every Electric Range purchased from us

FIVE DOLLARS DOWN will place one in your home. Pay the balance in two years

DON'T MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY Utah Power & Light Co.

Efficient Public Service

Earthquake in Peru. The city of

Chachopoyas, capital of the department of "A Word Fitly Spoken isAmazonas, Peru, was left a ruin, May 15, 1928, by an earthquake that rocked the Like Apples of Gold in whole northeast section of that country Pictures of Silver."

and part of Ecuador. The earth movements were continuing intermittently. ReYou can establish yourself in a

peated shocks were reported from Trujillo, paying business? of your own and

Iquitos, Chilete, Pima, San Miguel de reap a harvest of silver and gold

Pima, Huancabamba and Pacasmeyo. The with my toiletries and true fruit

church tower in the town of Yaguachi, flavoring extracts. Flavors: vanilla,

near Guayaquil, in Ecuador, collapsed. lemon, orange, vanilemon. etc.,

nonalcoholic, postpaid 30c. MilCongress adjourns. The first session lions made in the mail order field.

of the 70th congress adjourned May 29, Ask for free booklet and sales plan 1928. Vice President Dawes declined to with wholesale prices. A packet

make a speech in the Senate, but Speaker of all flavors, postpaid SI. Beauty

Longworth said goodbye in a few words, of Youth Sage Shampoo, postpaid 10c. Addresswhereupon the Hawaiian song "Aloha"

was sung. A moment later, at 5:30

o'clock, both presiding officers brought F. B. Woolley,

down their gavels and congress stood adjourned, its members free to plunge into Jr., Phg.

the political battles that await most of

Manufacturing Chemistthem individually at home and collectively at the party conventions in Kansas City 422 31st Street, Ogden, Utah and Houston, says the dispatch.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR YOUR VACATION Visit Utah's Playgrounds FOR YOUR HOUSEHOLD Use Utah's Sugar

SEE AND SELL OUR NATURAL WONDERS

BOOST AND BUY LOCAL PRODUCTS

BOTH ARE INCOMPARABLE

HUMOROUS HINTS

He thought he could pass every car in the line;—

Doesn't that lily in his hand look fine.

Dangers in Deferred Debts. "This is the Blah Radio Company, broadcasting from

station FOB. We are speaking for the agent in your town: 'Unless all back payments are

m;ide on sets bought, your name will be announced from this station Saturday night.'

Before Saturday a bank had failed, five men had committed suicide, and several attempts had been made to dynamite station FOB. Mollie Zcharias.

No man should allow a woman to make a fool of him: he can do it himself.

Then—the man who * * *

is run down takes an ambulance. Now—the man who was run down took a tonic.

When You Think of INSURANCE think of

Co. Utah Home Fire Insurance

Organized 1886 Assets Over Two Million Dollars

Agents in All Western Towns SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Heber J. Grant, President Geo. J. Cannon, VicePrest. and Manager.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT IRA

GROWN LARGE By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL

"Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches"

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

No matter to what social, political or financial heights a man climbs, his wife can always call him down.

He: "Wonder how Mabel managed to cash such a large check at the bank without

being identified?

She: "She identified herself."

He: "How?"She: "Her name and address are engraved on her silver garter buckles.

Painful Suspense. "I have just heard that my sister has a baby. They don't say what

sex and so I don't know whether I am an uncle or aunt."Pages Gates.

Battery Burned Out. Jack: "Dad, God's battery must be burned out."

Mr. Baker: "Why do you say that, son?"

Jack: "Because the moon isn't out tonight."

Did Tou Ever Think This of If you are not specifically trained for some type of useful employment it will not be long before the world will point its finger at you and call you a failure.

Ours is a school of opportunity. Here you have a chance

to do the best you can, independently of what anybody else may do.

EVERY MONDAY we open the doors of opportunity when shall we have the privilege of welcoming you?

L. D. S. Business College

Write for Information

"Utah's Largest Commercial Training SchooF'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept imly the hiiclieKt cIiinn of nrivertlHlnif. W recommend to our

render* tlie firinn nnd kooiU found In our advertising l>"K>

ADYRRTTftBRS IN Tills issiE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Ellas Morris & Sons Co.

Boyd Park Jewelers Salt Lake Loan Office l>eseret Book Store Southern Pacific Lines

Deseret News Utah Home Fire Ins. Co.

Fleischmann's Yeast Utah Power & Light Co.

Jos. Wm. Taylor. Undertaker UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

L. D. S. Business College F. B. Woolley, Jr.

Miskln Scraper Works /ion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

Hotv's the Cow?

Bill Jones started home in his lizzie,

Liquored and feeling quite dizzy.

On the highway somehow, he met up with a cow;

And his friends are now asking howizzie.

Come to, Abie. Abie: "Papa! Papa! I saved a nickel today! I ran all the way to

school behind a street car."

Poppa: "Why didn't you run behind a bus and save a dime?"

to do anything that is different A common mistake is to be afraid of the crowd—afraid

from "the bunch."

"Finally, Physician My Recommended FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST""I am an automobile mechanic,"writes J. R. Bridges of Salt Lake City, "and

have been working at this trade for the past six years. Working on automobiles

makes it necessary to handle machine parts covered with dirty greases and oil, which is very hard to remove from your hands and face.

"After getting a severe case of boils I tried all kinds of remedies suggested by my friends but did not obtain any relief. I finally went to my physician and he

recommended that I eat one cake of Fleischmann's Yeast onehalf hour before each meal. After eating the Yeast regularly for three weeks I began to notice that the

boils were drying up and in two months they had entirely disappeared."

Fleischmann's Yeast is not in any sense a medicine—it is a vegetable, fresh as

new celery. Its curative properties gently, naturally rouse the sluggish muscles of the

intestines, and clear the system of the poisons of constipation. Your complexion, too,

now clear and fresh, will reflect your newfound vigor and health.

Eat three cakes each day, one before each meal or between meals. Dissolve it in

water, hot or cold; eat it plain or any other way you prefer.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers'

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

M. I. A. READING COURSE

BOOKS AS ADOPTED TO DATE—For Season of 192829—

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE

FROM IMMIGRANT TO INVENTOR—Michael Pupin

WHAT AILS OUR YOUTH—George A. Coe

ROUND THE CORNER IN GAY STREET—Grace S. Richmond

SO BIG—Edna Ferber

SMOKY—Will James

Special prices for Complete Sets will be announced later when

Complete Adoption is made Deseret Book Company 44 East on South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1927 Best Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Caskets at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE STREET

Fire Is Persons No Respecter Of

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BENNETT GLASS & PAINT COMPANY This is "Living Rooms"month in the yearround painting program for Bennett's "Property

Life Insurance"Products. JULY

Your Dealer Has Them

MOUNTAINEER

Strong Seams OVERALLS

MOUNTAINEER

OVERALLS

Are made from finest quality Denim, guaranteed for quality, fit and service.

SOMETHING

DIFFERENT The Spring-O-All Suspender, no rubber to rot, nothing to wear out.

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

You Not Think it Marvelous?Yonr lacom*Desires—Wouldto continue even though accident or Illness mould suddenly snatch

Ton away r reader yon unfit for work. An Income for your wife—a college)

edacntloa for your children. The ownership of your home In ten years from now.

The possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure In your later year*.

Impossible? Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised If you act now—Blake today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy Is the Key to Success

Blots out your worries—Brings peace of mjnd

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

OXOJOl01V Heber J. Grant, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PELASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA