n. n *&**#%,

jrafeagir.

*W

sjflC si*iP l||P%*'*

AUGUST 1953 DEUCIOUSLY DIFFERENT! Bireley's is

just wholesome refreshment. No stimulants

of any kind! And no artificial flavor

in Bireley's Orange Drink!

PASTEURIZED FOR PURITY! No preservatives

used! You can't buy a higherquality drink!

Try all Bireley's fruit flavors

Northern Utah: Beehive Bottling Co.,

Brigham CityCentral Utah: National Beverages, Inc.,

Salt Lake City Southern Utah: Dixie Bottling Co.,

St. George 3 f ma *A m. If 1 VM I k 'I Fill"

i

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The rate at which the human body can absorb water is limited. When

a high rate of sweating is maintained for more than a short period, the loss of water and salt must be replaced.

If this loss is more than about five pounds of water an hour, drinking cannot make up the loss because five pounds an hour is the maximum rate at which the body can absorb water. Drinking

water at a rate greater than this leads to nausea. Ovalshaped TOWN HOUSE Crackers are

Near Plymouth, England, there is a baked sideivays. The "grain"of each cracker

ridge called Torpenhow Hill. Assuccessive peoples came into the region, runs with your bite—across the oval.

they used the name already given locally and called the ridge their own name for the hill. Tor is Saxon for

"hill,"pen is Celtic, and how comes from the Scandinavian haugr. Literally

then the name means Hillhillhill Hill!

GWuest has estimated that the mean That's why they break annual rainfall and evaporation over the whole earth are equal at 29.25 clean when you bite

inches a year; over the oceans rainfall 'em. There's no crumis 29.10 and evaporation 33.15; andover the land surface the values for bling—no crumbs.

rainfall and evaporation are 29.61 and

19.80 inches respectively.

White cotton material of two thicknesses reflects 71 percent of incident radiation compared to 43 percent for khaki. White skin reflects about

45 percent, a dark brunette 35, and a

Negro 16.

nrHE rivers which flow eastward in * Italy to the Adriatic Sea are filling in the Adriatic. The Veneto part of the

Lombard plain is being extended eastthree miles thousand about eachward jfte firstrez/ty is six milesyears so that Ravenna now its sea. Adria,from the gave which VtFFRATr

sea, fifteen miles to thename is now inland. cwdker i/?25(/ezrs!

A farm worker today produces enough "** food to feed fourteen people, a gain 7#y30/H7dDAYf of thirtyfive percent over ten years ago.

TV Frenchman named Bon, near the ** beginning of the eighteenth century, showed the Academy of Sciences lovely grayin Paris stockings and gloves

Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City... Pocatello Phoenix silk. spider frommade

AUGUST 1953 553 CORONATION FANTASY: Retrospect and Prospect

TWO NEW BOOKS /n June 2, 1953, a twentyseven-yearby Dr. G. Homer Durham of crowned was two

of grace of the YOU'LL WANT IN "Elizabethold motherII, by the God, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH of Britain Great United Kingdom and of Ireland, YOUR LIBRARY Northern her other and realms and territories, Queen, head of sume it will last as long as Victoria's, the Commonwealth, defender of the or until 2016 A.D., and further assume

faith."The title she bears differs, and that there will still be a British throne

is diminished somewhat, from that and state by that time! ("There'll

borne by her father George VI, her always be an England.... ")

grandfather George V, her greatgrand- Commencing with items of Era infather Edward VII, and her greatgreat- terest, we might note that this magazine grandmother Victoria, who, among will have passed its centennial in 1997 others, carried the words "Empress of (its circulation could be about 500,000),

India."Burma and Ireland today are and we trust that time will have dealt

not in the Commonwealth. India is a gently with all members of the editorial

of - republic and knows no queen, but is staff! It is possible that the fifteenth

associated in the Commonwealth. South President of the Church, by 2016, will

Africa recognizes the crown but threatens be serving as senior editor, whether to leave the Commonwealth. While all we publish monthly on paper or by

the "pomp of yesterday"is not yet "one that time will have become a TVwith Nineveh and Tyre"as Kipling polaroid daily, in the homes of subforesaw in his Recessional, the fact rescribers, for thirty or forty years prethe Moreover, has viously. the empire mains that W'C0NSK0056M (at present President will strains. to its Rereceded

call the musical setting rates) preside over some by deKoven: five hundred or more

Now in book form for the first time! stakes; and seats at April

truths vital Those and fundamental of "Farcalled, our navies conference will really be TaberSunday evening Skousen's famous nacle You'll find broadcasts.

answers with magnificent to suchit bulgingquesmelt away; at a premium. Ward

all reports as: tions the from Origin teaching of was ReWhat headland and dune On

life do about know much we ligion?—How require will stakes fire: these sinks the after early the Christians death?—Did

practice purthe electronic calculaof yesall some our Lo, pomp life?communism?—What of are pose of but isfew These the a

many, many living questions brilliantly terday tions. That future senior

by this answered popular author. It's a Is one with Nineveh and Tyre!"editor could now be a tenderfoot Scout for every library. "must"volume

and deacon of twelve or fourteen, or,

Yet, Elizabeth II, as 62nd British possibly, a newlyordained twentyyear- sovereign and sixth queen, remains as old elder; or, even an asyet-unborn inthe symbol of one of earth's mightiest fant or convert! The U. S. A., if, like

traditions and influences. the British state, such an entity by such

Victoria ascended the throne in 1837, a name is still known, (the Roman the year the Mormon missionaries of empire survived in the eastern Mediterthe Church from Kirtland, Ohio, enranean to give Rome a life span of tered the British Isles for the first time. nearly two millenniums, 750 B.C. to

Victoria reigned nearly 64 years, until 1453 A.D.; but states nowadays do not

will be under the such longevity!) year. show died in her 82nd 1901, when she

presidency Executive of its 50th Chief at her coronation in 1838, nineteen Aged she was then about eight years younger if President Eisenhower and his succesthan Elizabeth II was in 1953. In the sors have one term each. Or maybe the

meantime, the span of life expectancy 42nd President (if two terms each has has increased. Suppose Elizabeth II been the rule) will be struggling with

still (if a Congress 113th have we as Victoria? as reign long should The the STORY GEMS

I do!). Congress, This and hope we L. Jr. By Albert Zobell, approxi1952-2016 embrace span would

is Here the third to volume Albert either will president probably be from time. the L. mately same Zobell's Storyteller It Series. is tailored

or of California Texas, instead fit to for your New bits needs choice of truth of future 1952 the between What and parables to talks your sparkle. make reign. Victoria's as York during or Ohio You'll find this volume a wel- f\f\ living 2016? remember and now Many addition set. come your to y|vUe, to closer back home, might Moving we in 1897. Victoria's Jubilee""Diamond

bishops, that observe ward by 2016, II If lives sixty celebrate to Elizabeth I CRY JOSEPH each have a round dozen ward may of rule, of years us reading these many Formerly $1.50, New Edition Now $1.00

pages won't be around! Speculation clerks, replacing the financial and

ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL DEALER may be idle, and fantasy merely amusstatistical duos and trios, and occasionaling; but imagination is still a basic huly quartets, known in 1953. Paper work

man resource, and one we will briefly and reports do multiply in the adminisindulge in, anticipating (vainly, it is trative age of technology. Or, intercomBookcraft

1186 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah true) some of the things that Elizaelectronic-IBMviewer files may permit beth H's reign may see. We will as- {Continued on page 588)

554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

Don't shoot the Weatherman

We don't know about the weather where you live, average in winter. There they began to probe deeper

but in our town this year people seem to bemoan the into the mysteries of cloud structure and the growth weather more than usual. of cloud particles.

Weather has always been a billiondollar thief. At the same time, weather studies continued back

Hurricanes... dust storms... tornadoes... floods in the G-E Research Laboratory. Then came the his-

... hail... crops washed away, blown away, or toric day in November 1946 when a cloud was first

burned. Millions of dollars just to tidy up after persuaded to dump its snow to order—all because

weather has paid its visit. it had been fed a few handfuls of dry ice.

The unknown facts about winds, waves and The study of precipitation static, then of aircraft weather have long challenged the curiosity of reicing, had developed through cloud studies to the search men. For example, in 1940, studying the first "manmade weather."

composition of smoke, Doctors Langmuir and

Because of its importance and wide application to Schaefer of General Electric were asked to help the government in the improvement of gas masks. Then the nation generally, all data and control of further

they developed a white screening smoke to protect experiments were handed over to the government.

contract followed between the military forces and our troops from enemy aircraft. A

General Electric for more research.

Tougher problems followed. Air Force pilots

found that they lost radio contact flying through That program has now ended. But not before we

snowstorms—-a condition scientists call "precipitahad a glimpse into the vital possibilities of making

tion static."Another headache was the icing of plane it rain, modifying thunderstorms and hurricanes,

wings. clearing ground fogs near airports, preventing hail.

General Electric scientists took these problems to This is but one example of what can happen when the icy summit of blizzardswept Mt. Washington, research men of experience set about widening the

where 60mile winds and 5-below temperatures are field of man's knowledge.

c/oa cott Znt/yeut ce%/Me?ice h& GENERAL ELECTRIC

AUGUST 1953 555 \Jffacial \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

*Jke (kurck of

of oLatteraaiA J>aints r n-J VOLUME 56 r NUMBER 8 Aruquit 1953 r->

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: IRIS PARKER

Contributing FRANKLIN Editors:S. HARRIS,ARCHIBALDJR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM Jke C-over

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER

- Advertising D. GILES Business Manager: JOHN

Director: Subscription A. GLEN SNARRDirector: VERL F. SCOTT differentSummertimethings toanddifferentvacationtimepeople—fishing,mean

hiking, fun at the beach, sightseeing, or any number of other activities. Our cover

picture for August, "Columbia River Sailboating,"by Ray Atkeson shows a sport

The Editor's Page that is becoming more and more popular.

But whether or not you will have an opWho Should Perform Temple Marriages 565 portunitycover itselftowillgo addsailboating,to your summerwe hopeenjoythe

There Are Goals Ahead President David O. McKay 565 ment.

Church Features

President McKay Receives High Honors 562

OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND Your Question—The Least in the Kingdom

Street Main 50 North President Joseph Fielding Smith 567

The Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge...Albert L. Zobell, Jr, 568 Y. M.M.I. A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

The 1953 M.I.A* Conference in Pictures and Prose.. Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

-Marba C Josephson 576 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Church Moves On 560 The Presiding Bishopric's Page....596 Copyright 1953 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaImprovement Men's Mutual of the Young Melchizedek Priesthood 594 tion

Christ of of Jesus of the Church Association

Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, in advance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, mailing for Acceptance matter. secondclass as

** in section for provided rate of postage special at.-. "Wight 571 La Preal

2, July authorized 1917, of October 1103, Act 572 L. Schmalz Bruce "The... IfEarthYou IsKeepthe Lord'sMy Commandments...? 1918.

Utah's First Capitol Bertha S. Stevenson 574 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unBookography John A, Nicholas 575 solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square,.... Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymustandbe accompaniedreturn. by sufficient Richard L. Evans 582, 590, 592, 612

Exploring the Universe, Franklin The Christian Patriot, Phil HanChange of Address

S. Harris, Jr 553 num 558 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please change, a ordering dress. When If Retrospect Coronation Fantasy You Can't Go on a Mission, the magazine. slip a recent from address.561 Roderick Durand Prospect, John G.: Homer unless the be issuemadeof cannot changes Address ham 554 Your Page and Ours 616 address as well as the new one is included. old

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Storing for a Time of Need 604 Know Your L.D.S. Cooks—Food

If from the Land of Joseph Smith I Were in My Teens, Iris 608 and Brigham Parker Young 610 EDWARD S. RussTOWNSENDBuilding COMPANY

San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

SADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

Ave. 342 Madison This Is Our Son.Amy Hillyard Jensen 580

17, N. Y. York New

Frontispiece, Winter Quarters I Wish I Had a Chart, George M. DAVIS & SONS

1953, St. S. Dilworth Young N. LaSalle 563 Eberling 581 30

Illinois Chicago, -..564 Poetry Page

Sundown to Dusk, Alma Robison Knowledge, Elaine V. Emans 601

Higbee 592 Sewing Lesson, Jane Merchant 609 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2 LIFE OF A GREAT LEADER—HEBER J. GRANT—

By Bryant S. Hinckley

The inspiring experiences of the seventh President of the

Church. $2.50

3 LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH—By Joseph Fielding Smith

This life story of President Smith is filled with rich, faith promoting experiences. $3.00

4 AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF PARLEY P. PRATT—

By Parley P. Pratt

Fourth edition, illustrated. The life, ministry, travels, and

excerpts from the writings of one of the truly great men of the Church. $3.00

5 DANIEL HANMER WELLS—AND EVENTS OF HIS

TIME—By Bryant S. Hinckley

This book presents the events of L.D.S. history as one of

the principal actors saw them happen and participated in them. It is a fascinating new combination of history

and biography. $2.75

6 EZRA T. BENSON—A Biography by John Henry Evans

and Minnie Egan Anderson pioneer a righteousness, of and a preacher statesman, A and service of to Lord the the dedicated life was whose $3.00 his fellow men. wellbeing of the

7 BRIGHAM YOUNG.. THE MAN AND HIS WORK—

By Preston Nibley Here zer andis theleaderintimate... withlife specialstory ofstressthe greaton PresidentMormonYoung'scoloniteachings from his letters and sermons. $3.00

8 KARL G. MAESER, MORMON

EDUCATOR—By Alma P.

Burton Dr. Maeser, pioneer educator who

gave up ease, luxury, and assured professional success to embrace the gospel of Jesus Christ, was the first principal of Brigham

Young University. His work in

education endeared him to thouJacob Hamhlin sands of students, parents, and many educators throughout the book The of PEACEMAKER country.philosophy this manis richof vision.in the

by Pearson H. Cnrbett $1.50

"He (Jesus) controlled life. You will remember He raised the

dead, He healed the sick, and the infirm; all of these manifestations, in one sense or another, involved great creative powers. Most

of these exhibitions of His power have been repeated in our time by the exercise of the powers of the Priesthood we hold. I hope that 9 JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERIif you have not recently read, you will read the life of Jacob HamCAN PROPHET—By John

blin. There is a man to whom the Church has not yet paid due Henry Evans

tribute. He was a great missionary. He was a diplomat of the A. biography of the great Mormon

authoritatively prophet, written these timehighest He, used and again, was a statesman. order. He

letters diaries journals, from and in priesthoodgreat his work. powers that I wish to assist him we family. his of the Prophet and

would reprint that faithpromoting series that we had once, and $3.50

would use them in our schools to build up simple faith instead of sometimes furnishing material whose sole function seems to be to raise doubts."—President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

General Priesthood Meeting April 4, 1953 1 JACOB HAMBLIN 10 IN A SUNLIT LAND—

By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

$5.00 Rich with wisdom and sprightly

humor, here is a heartwarming story of a distinguished man of

God and man of science. A book

its in refreshing human under-

.. in its inspiring standing.

religious philosophy. $3.00

1I DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East So. Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah I

Please send the following circled books: I3 10 II

for which 123456789I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ) for $., I

Name II Address I I

City Zone State.. I Co. it Booh Desccet Residents of Utah add 2% sales tax

- Salt Lake City. Utah 44 Fast South Temple

AUGUST 1953 557 THE CHRISTIAN PATRIOT

by Phil Hannum

Francis Scott Key loved God and August 9, 1780. His interest ran to

country and served both faithlaw early in life, and he was educated fully for more than six decades. at St. John's College, Annapolis,

His fame is secure among his countrywhere he was known as a devout men as author of the national anChristian student and careful scholar.

them, "The Star Spangled Banner,"but he deserves to be remembered, Francis Scott Key began his law too, for several excellent hymns and career in Frederick City, but greater for a busy, useful, Christian life. opportunity in the national capital

encouraged him to move there. For

Even "The Star Spangled Banner"years he served well and capably as came into existence because Key was district attorney for the District of performing a Christian act and duty Columbia.

in going through danger to help a friend. The friend was Dr. William As a Christian he was placed in a

Beanes of Upper Marlboro, Marypuzzling situation when his father's land, captured by the British in their estate, along with many slaves, passed into his control. The idea of owning INSTALL YOUR OWN drive on Washington during the War

of 1812. Hearing that British naval another human being distressed him,

officers of the fleet threatening Washeven in his boyhood. When he inCtyuyys&r ingtonBeanes, mightKey wentbe ableoutto toreleasethe fleetDr. onheriteda plantheforestate,settingKeyup begana colonyworkfor

under a flag of truce. American slaves in Africa, planning

PLASTIC WALL TILE to send his own slaves to the colony have can walls colorful You this mission, in your as soon as During and observed as free men he women kitchen utility bathroom or room

.., very... that..inexpensively,. the British and to practical. a too Such plan immediately nothing about fleet was

like ties alongtile giveswithyoua brilliantsuch colorandpossibilieasy-tolaunch a surprise attack on Fort ran into tremendous obstacles, howkeep-clean surface the through years...... Coronetalways lustrousPlastic McHenry near Baltimore. ever, so he devoted much time to

Wall Tile has beveled deep to edges

. tile accentuate beauty too,.. colors, to making his slaves as happy and as

suit taste. any as possible.

pastel shades..... evenall thein plainnew, ormodernmar theirRealizingplans, thatthe BritishKey wasofficersawareheldof comfortable finish, bleized

Let u help you to select your Plaitic him on board ship during the night He set up a Sunday School and

Wall Tile... For a new home or for while the bombardment proceeded. held regular religious services for

refinithing the present wallc in your cost will Then, of course, it was the sight of them at a time when many states home... The is low.. * Wo

quote on a complete installation, or our flag still flying above Fort were passing laws making it a you can install it yourself. McHenry at daybreak that inspired criminal offense to give slaves reot(H\tr has positive waterseal flange. his famous poem, written at that ligious or educational instruction of

moment on the back of a letter. any type. When slaves were drawn

When the British set him ashore into courts in his district, he gave later in the morning, he gave the them the benefit of his legal expeillness, THESE FEATURES verses to a printer and by evening rience without charge. When

Americans were singing "The Star quarrels, need for clothes, food, or

Rich warm colors Spangled Banner"from printed leafhousing arose among his slaves, he

Deep beveled edges lets, distributed in the streets. always stepped in to help. He made

</ Resistant to stains tasks on his estate as light as posEasier installation Key's most famous hymn was sible.

Faster and easier "Lord with Glowing Heart I'd Praise cleaning Thee,"which he wrote five years While it might be asked why Key

Inexpensive did set all his slaves free, not one luxury later. his of collection poems No for a lifetime conditions must exthat remember in his lifetime, in but 1857 appeared

they were published for the first isted in every state at that time. Many

time under one cover. However, none free Negroes were taken prisoners on

AT YOUR LOCAL matched our national anthem or this false charges of being runaway

LUMBER hymn in either quality or popularity. slaves and sold back into the slave

DEALER market. By keeping his Negroes on

Writing of poems and hymns realhis plantation, Key was able to guard plots, against occupied only occasional hours such while of them he MERRILL MORRISON & CO. ly

life. this to with other white famous American's worked Key was men Building Material Distributors

the son of a plantation owner, born make the African colony a practical in Frederick County, Maryland, on reality.

558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Every Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday at 6 p.m., Channel 5 newscaster Paul

Alexander brings you upto-theminute on the news. THE WORLD TONIGHT covers all

facets of the news; national and international,

sports and local, human interest. Films, pictures, maps and charts are all used on

WORLD TONIGHT.

Russia, to RainfallFrom

KSLTVs WEATHER PROSPECTOR Gene

McGuane, is featured at 6:10 p.m. each Monday, Tuesday, Thursday and Friday with the

weather forecast. His giant, specially constructed weather map not only shows what

the weather will be but why. High and low

pressure areas, temperatures, wind direction

and velocity... all are included by the

WEATHER PROSPECTOR.

KSLTV

AUGUST 1953 559 The church moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

Stake, placed second; Clearfield First Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the CounJune 1953 Ward, North Davis (Utah) Stake, was cil of the Twelve received an honorary

third, by defeating a Long Beach doctor of agriculture degree from Iowa m President David O. McKay was (California) team; Mesa Ninth Ward, State College, Ames, Iowa. He received

* in Washington, D. C, attending Mesa (Arizona) Stake, took fourth by his master's degree in marketing and

a conference of the United States State winning from a Blackfoot, Idaho, team; agricultural economics here in 1927.

Department. Hoytsville Ward, Summit (Utah) Stake,

took the consolation crown by defeating

M.I.A. sessions conference Today's College Hill Branch, Logan (Utah)

rj Elder as sustained Leo Reeve 13 departmentalized. were Stake. Farr Plain City Ward, West 'president of Zion Park (Utah) is Born,"a pageant Scout marking "A Stake, received sportsmanthe (Utah)

Stake, Elders with George Fenton forty of L.D.S. years in the Scouting ship award.

Whitney and Amos Lavar Hinton as Church, was given at the University of his counselors. President A. Elmer Utah stadium.

Graff Lafell and his counselors, Elders | -i A Y.W.M.I.A. camp crafts and

Iverson and Ivan J. Barrett, released. -*- A games conference was held in

Jordan Park. -i m Elder Adam S. Bennion of the

* of delivered the Council Twelve fest sports at -1 Y.W.M.I.A. held was A President Richards of Stephen L of the address over Air the the Church Deseret Gymnasium.

First the received Presidency an radio Broadcasting System's Columbia In relays the at the allChurch Uniat of doctor of degree lawshonorary titled network. His sermon "And was versity of Instistadium, L.D.S. Utah exercises ofcommencement Brigham Generation."Then, Along Comes a New of at tute Arizona, Religion Tempe, won University.Young

of the conference annual The June first relay, shuttle in place the yard 400 of Elder the Ezra Taft Benson Counclosed Association Improvement of secMutual a 43.2 record Church new

cil of the the dedicated Twelve new with a general with meeting, morning under First of onds. Fillmore Millard Ward University Living the Center onHome of direction First the the Presidency, second, placed Stake Elysian (Utah) and

of Salt City. campus, Lake Utah a in high and the honor program award of (California) Park Glendale Ward

Elder Adam S. Bennion of the Council Stake gained third. Tabernacle Sunday afternoon. Recogof delivered the the Twelve commencenition to tokens given Eagle were in part Seven dancers took thousand

of address before the graduatesment Silver Scouts, Explorers, to those men first of the the performance annual

University. Later heBrigham Young attaining Deseret recognition, boys and festival M.I.A. in held the dance Uniof degree honorary awarded anwas to Bees and Joys. Honor and DurMia versity of stadium. Utah

letters. ofdoctor service, this ing President A. Oscar

President Richard L. Evans of the Two performances of the M.I.A. Kirkham of the First Council of the

drama festival were held in Kingsbury Seventy was especially honored for hisFirst Council of the Seventy delivered the commencement address before the Hall, on the University of Utah campus. efforts in scouting in the Church.

graduating class of Evansville College, a Methodist school at Evansville, i i\ The fiftyfourth annual June conIndiana. * ** ference of the Young Men's and j r The twentyeighth annual leaderYoung Women's Mutual Improvement ship week began at Brigham Young

Associations began on Temple Square. University.

A Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the "A Folklore Festival of Speech"was delivered of the Council Twelve in presented Hall, UniverKingsbury Primary General Board members graduatat addressthe commencement of sity M.I.A. the campus, by Utah left Salt for 17 Lake City to Canada exercises of of University Utah.ing the speech department. in conventions the conduct Canadian receivedAfter his address honorhe an

first stakes, series 1953"the of in a "M.I.A. convenYearbook Dance was instithat degree of laws ary doctor from

tution. given a repeat performance, for the tions throughout the Church.

most part with different participants, in

The annual allChurch volleyball the University of Utah stadium. It was

tournament opened at Deseret Gymestimated that some fiftyfive thousand This was the annual old Folk's nasium, Salt Lake City. spectators saw this year's dance festival. 19 Day in the Salt Lake City area.

As usual, festivities were held in Liberty

L.D.S. Institute of Religion at Ariof were enjoyed Park and thousands by events conference at State inzona Arizona, College Tempe,In PreJune persons seventy age, years of or beyond. insticluded a Y.W.M.I.A. camp allrelay yard in the the 440 won

tute, at the Wigwam in Mill Creek Church track meet at the University of

Canyon. Utah stadium. A new record for this 2t% The Salt Lake City Boy Scouts

Campus Branch, East Provo (Utah) event was set for the Church, with w summer camp officially opened for

Stake, won the allChurch volleyball 45.3 seconds. In other events, Cary the season. Approximately one hundred

tournament. This team, with the exHigley of Brigham City Fourth Ward Scouts set up camp at Tracy Wigwam

ception of one man, is made up of won the high school mile run, and Paul in Mill Creek Canyon to enjoy a week

Hawaiians. Monument Park Ward, Anderson of Brigham Young University of hiking, nature study, marksmanship,

Monument Park (Salt Lake City) won the college mile run. and other activities.

560 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IF YOU CAN'T GO ON A MISSION By John Roderick long wanted to fulfil a mission,

I calbut Ihandicaps—acouldn't go becausesevereof speechphysiloss and the use of one arm gone,

from cerebral palsy. But this didn't

stop me from fulfilling a mission at home. Yes, I filled a mission and

gained a testimony by telling the story of the gospel to outof-state students who came to Utah to study.

I entered college in 1948. This

was my first time away from home.

During my high school years I had been very active in seminary, so I at once registered at the L.D.S. Institute. Shortly thereafter I joined

Lambda Delta Sigma, L.D.S. fraternity.

That first month I met a young man who had come from Minnesota.

He was invited to the institute one

Sunday and was so impressed by our people that he soon was converted and eventually was married in the house of the Lord.

The year I was a senior, I lived The special Wicks Organ in a roominghouse with seven boys and console designed for from Utah, Wyoming, Massachusetts, the Boston, American

Idaho, California, and Turkestan. Guild of Organists Convention.

After a year of studying and praying Detailsinstrumentand gladlyprice forfurnished.this size

faithfully, one of these young men was baptized into the Church.

The boy from California belonged to a community church in Berkeley. f Wow... YOU CAN OWN

out he found When I was the national editor A WKKS PIPE ORGAN of the Delta Lambda

Sigma paper, he asked about the < at the price of imitations Church. joined He later Lambda

Delta Sigma, passing the pledging There is nothing finer for Church or Tabernacle service test with a ninetyeight percent mark. than the WICKS ORGAN.... This instrument best

In order to do this, he had to know fills the need of the organist. In each case, it is specifically

the Articles of Faith, the names of built to meet the demands of the service for which it is the Church leaders, and selected intended.

scriptures from our standard works. The WICKS ORGAN is beautiful to see and to hear. It

is to a joy its play and low performance mainand after—Soon this I took to him home my tenance will costs you. amaze Fortysix inyears of in Idaho is where father bishop.. my tensive research resulted have in this pipe genuine organ was impressedHe much with the giving to the world of one the great all instruments of inpeople the Pleasant View Ward at time.

Malad. Since I was working on my Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request).Master M Men award, I asked him

Dowlingto join with me, he and soon became 1651 Ashland

Monica, Calif. Please—for expertwrite topersonalthe nearestserviceRepresentativeand advice. SantaLeonardvery active in the M.I. A. takwork,

Gararden H. Vernon Hansen Lynn Chas. Melvin ining part Allen Dunn W. W. the roadshows activiand Gate 98 Golden Ave. 25 Donald 1st 10708 S. Mac 8th 603 Ave. Ave., N.W.ties 2, Calif. Francisco at the institute. Salt Arizona Mesa, City, 33, Lake This Utah Seattle Washington boy would San

burn the light until dawn, sometimes, reading and studying the Book ofMormon that I gave him. The folZke WICKS ORGAN

lowing year we went to Church together and studied together. Later COMPANY

he was baptized. Please write Dept. E-2 So if you can't go on a mission, WICKS

you can still perform a mission for HIGHLAND... ILLINOISthe Church. ORGANS

AUGUST 1953 561 President McKay Receives High Honors

Dr. David O. McKay

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Church Official, Missionary, Executive, Educator. President of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Ninth President in succession since Joseph Smith, the Founder and First Prophet of the Church. Holds

Honorary Degrees from several colleges: In his missionary

activity he has been worldwide in his travels and service.

He has filled important public responsibilities, including the Chairmanship of the Utah State Centennial of 1947, commemorating the arrival of the Mormon Pioneers in the Salt Lake Valley under the leadership of

Brigham Young.

An ardent supporter of Scouting, one of his outstanding decisions as President of the Church was the recommendation that the Cub Scout Program be adopted as the program for younger boys of the Church. He is interested greatly in

young people, especially in the organizations of the Sunday School, and the Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations.

Virile pioneer, colonist, he maintains and promotes the traditions of the Western country

/W "pOR rendering "distinguished service to boyhood,"president David O. McKay

has received high honors from the Na-—mmipp

tional Council, Boy Scouts of America, in the form of a special citation and the Silver

Buffalo award. President McKay was one

of six men to be so honored at the annual meeting of the National Council held in

Los Angeles July 17.

President Heber J. Grant and President

George Albert Smith also received the award during their lifetime.

562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Otto Done photo.

S. Dilworth Young

Winter Quarters—1953 by

None wanted death!

'Twas life they asked;

Here first—and then

Hereafter.

They hoped to meet their Maker

Face to face on earth.

Their prayer was for an Earthly paradise But here they died, return Or oft along the way. With him—whose imminent

The prophets eloquently testified. And dying, reaffirmed

That if it could not be Those remaining

In this frail mortality, Gathered up the burdens

Then afterward. Where laid down, and

Pressed on to their destiny, To gather strength to take The glorious word To all the earth.

How well they hoped, we Can imagine well;

How well that hope will Finally succeed (Thoughts while listening to the Sunday Memorial Service, May 31, 1953, Winter Quarters)

Is in our hands.

AUGUST 1953 563 re--

DEEP SUMMER MORNINGGLORY TIME SMALL TOWNS

By Marian Schroder Crothers By Greta L. Rose By Thelma Ireland

little to pass like through towns quietude, in noontide the ACaught tiny trumpet each riding train. a 'While on From fields; the haze shimmers on heat The is proclaimed. gets fleeting Morning glance, Although one a lazy bees of drowsyThe hum east the has wakened; again,"beckon, They Now "Come yields. soft, persistent musicA is light framed, in Summer sunbonnets gay With women trees, fingers the touch sun's hotThe its spills For blueness heaven in the sun, gardening Out fruit, their ripening with burdened And, these flowers climb. Where front yards, in green pansy beds Round quietly, aware stands one Each shines in forth gladness Day rugs done. neatly Like hooked mute. fruition, voices deep Of It's time! morningglory hill tall standpipe, a each Upon

is earth has time the made This when like silver a crown Worn flower; to promise come verdant Her

is advertised CIRCLE neatly OF THE which WORLD On gifts lavish these holds summer Deep its of town; proud The name hour. harvest the magic waits And fields Anobel By in the Armour plowing horses Old

APRICOT HARVEST With slow and rhythmic plodding, tall as any mountain rocking chairs Old now left on the porch, nodding; uplifted, Continuously unhead By Les Goates TheAs boyhe stood,was hands

itself within world a Each curled, town is apricot, the bough fruitful history, past present greenleafed With lane its own Reaching and its are brought limbs great so yield In all together form they But joined boughA bent token to the ground Low vertebrae. nation's circle Our of the great the world. To palmhold

sent. water For sun and soil—andin

RAIN this feet cling to through earth THE LOVING might His ON apricot! robust hail the All long day, Elaine V. Emans By not, or pick, disposed to have You like his a shooting go would But mind

fruit to luscious use the To put of rain lovers the the are to harbor archipelago bay From star There juice. fresh, jam, put some some up Some it are. a windowpane blue horizons watch place where down any Or Who

delight find a curious And are trees or with snow bare bowed When night. its at small, roof the find in a old tattoo the comfort In on Only

It's to comforting rather know feet their go; familiar Secure, paths must

I hear, shelf within a wood, got you've But trimstock would basement On is tall to looks sky the where boy up A gratitude, their apricot! of whispering quarts Leaves hundred One wild the far to winds out and where And fresh, I cleanly rain, smell would And blow.... MOAB VALLEY GREEN feel tiny I the mesh would And

skin across Its fingers weave my Eberling this small Georgia will from Moore go By out someday He within too, that know, I not Did place helterskelter, fall drops the while Doors, cool shade are trees there to wrap eventually, build another world And shelter! for is said to be Much the roses bloom houses, and whiteINAboutMoab face, his sunlight earth with the on Walking

dandelions fences; the wade Against The sunlight of his own discovery! WHILE SUMMER DREAMS milkweed's ditches; the and the In all

plume By Ruth Bassett high. Outside the valley red cliffs Flies

leer, sheet of water lies beneath the gold And dusty sagebrush droops beneath the A Of summer sun and breathless heat of sun, noon; While sand waste spreads somber and Sleep seems the quiet country to enfold austere, As in the air the drowsy insects croon.

And overhead the panting, lost winds run. A lone horse, tethered to a tall, etched pine,

The desert seeks to claim her own once Stands as in sculpture, with its dreaming more, eyes That faith and patience plucked from her Upon the river, where, with coiled, slack close grip. line,

She creeps in silence to the valley's door A flat, gray boat in picture stillness lies.

lies her with in wait armed And glinting sands, the across rock, a on cactus High whip! rings, shrill, whistle boy's small a and Eager

its valley verdant charms with western Each life, there fishing as he stands with Merry desert's toil bitter from the torn by Was youth's scene, magic the to dormant And arms. brings;

FALLING BLOSSOMS And noonday's pulse is quickened by his fun By D. J. Roberts Because a small boy whistles in the sun.

gentle'through the Soundless air MANIFEST fair and / As the butterflies As a luna's wings at dusk, By Lael W. Hill

husk. sheds a further Beauty infinite patience performs, each he With of spring lure Spent, the blossom day,

lonely, perfumed wing on Wafts of world; the miracle upon The dawn the anonymity Toward falter, turn the night makes he and Dark

fragility pale this Of gray, drifts grass. the in Swirled upon

is all his light at unfurled. And command petals, I shall pass Moonwhite

Velvetfooted where the fleet Over and over the shining sun appears,

Season ravels at my feet. The earth is warmed; its creatures wake

I shall watch with tempered sight, again.

With reverent tread observe the rite, With what eternal patience down the

Recalling, lest again I mourn, years

The autumn apple being born. He thus makes manifest his love for men!

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <>*B

Should Perform Temple Marriages?

Whenriage youngin the peopletemple,areoneapproachingof the questionsmarofcured.the eternal marriage covenant shall be sethat naturally occurs is: Who should perIn every temple there is available or within

form the ceremony? Often (especially in the reach at all times someone (including the TemSalt Lake Temple area) they ask a member of ple Presidency) who has been delegated by the

the First Presidency or of the Council of the President of the Church and set apart to perTwelve to perform the ceremony. form this service. We have every assurance

With the constantly increasing growth of that thoughtful young people who approach the Church, however, with everincreasing apthis glorious time of life will understand the pointments at home and away from home, and circumstances that make the First Presidency with many urgent and unforeseen assignments, and the Twelve less available for performing it is becoming more and more difficult for the marriage ceremonies than they once were.

First Presidency and the Twelve to accept the We urge all who are approaching marriage requests that come, or to give assurance that to qualify themselves to enter the temple and they will be within reach at any previously to partake of the inestimable blessings of this appointed day or hour. The important thing, eternal covenant.

however, is not that a particular individual Men authorized to officiate at the marriage shall perform the ceremony, but that it shall ceremony are always available, so there need be be performed in the temple by someone so little or no delay because of other conflicting authorized, and that the everlasting blessings duties.

THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

There Are Goals Ahead by President David O. McKay

These young people, and all present, have Thank you for your uplifting message, Dr.

been studying where we came from, why Arthur A. Schuck, Chief Scout Executive, BSA.

we are here, whither we are going. They My dear friends and associates, I am glad

have been taught that the Constitution of the even though I am trespassing upon your time,

United States was inspired of God, that liberty, to say a few words in conclusion, and to leave free agency, is as precious as life itself, that you my blessing.

character is the result of righteous living, and There is an old saying that "nothing sucthat "character is higher than intellect. A great ceeds like success."Today, at this hour, you

soul will be fit to live as well as to think."look back over a great convention, with a satisfaction that it has been successful, and yet I

*From an address delivered at the closing session of M.I.A.

conference, June 14, 1953. {Continued on following page)

*oocw I jIA/ 1/ l/\JI %J JL VrJC \y aaaaassid

AUGUST 1953 565 J. J1C MllOr S Ittg6 (Continued from preceding page)

am sure that you have not realized your ideal. must build a good name for the children who

You will now start to build for another year to will bear your name.

realize the ideal and to make stronger some phases Environment—Yesterday, in the Golden Gleaner

which need strengthening. group, one of the sisters gave an example of a

You young men and women who have achieved young girl who came from a home that was not honors and have received awards cannot stop here. just ideal; but the environment of M.I. A. transThere are goals ahead. You remember Pope's formed her life and made of what might have

saying that "Hills peep o'er hills, and Alps on been a failure, a successful, beautiful girl. EnAlps arise."I trust that is the impression that vironment has a great influence upon us, and

you have received, the inspiration that has come that is why we say, God bless the M.I. A. In your

to you throughout this conference. drama, in your dance festivals, in your singing,

To you board members I wish to say that as in your teaching of the gospel, the true philosophy we look back over the success of all these various of life, bring the boys, and girls in. Help your

meetings as outlined in your program and which presidency, girls, to obtain that high ideal of are now a reality, that we are not unmindful of seventyfive percent of the membership of the girls the hours and days and weeks and months of in religious activity. Young men, that is your

effort that you have put forth. Every meeting, ideal, also.

every presentation by drama, dance, singing, or Selfeffort—Selfeffort rises above environment.

speaking, but reflects the result of your selfdeny- To control or to rise above environment keep in ing efforts to make each a success. God bless mind four things:

your worthy endeavors! First, studiousness. Study the Bible, the Book

I should like to name a few details while I of Mormon, the Doctrine and Covenants. Bemention the evidences of success. The program come acquainted with those great men: Joseph

itself indicates it. The dance festival Thursday sold into Egypt, Abraham, Peter (that rough

and Friday nights indicated it. Seven thousand fisherman, I like him), Paul, James, Timothy (a

young people took the first step on that stadium young boy, an ideal for you priests), and Titus.

at the very minute that you said the entertainStudy Tennyson. You have a chance to get acment would begin. A little thing? yes; but little quainted with the most noble men in the world.

things tell how great things are accomplished. Just keep a book by your side—memorize some

The same happened last evening at the great of their true sayings and true philosophy.

entertainment, "A Scout Is Born."Right on the Studiousness!

appointed hour the Scouts began to march on the Second, selfcontrol. Be strong in standing

stadium. In the inspirational meeting of the for the right, not stubborn, but proud to defend

the principles of right. Control Golden Gleaners yesterday—and I mean every your name and

thing which that word inspirational connotes your tempers. Keep the name of God sacred.

every evidence pointed to care and attention. Control your appetites and your passions.

The same thing in the Master M Men's breakThird, service. "... he that loseth his

for my sake shall find it."(Matt. 10:39.) fast—all the details were in hand, and I am sure life

these evidences were apparent in every one of Fourth, Seek guidance from God always. With

your many groups. all my soul I admonish you to do that. Take that

Yes, you have attained success, and your efforts message home. I give you this illustration behave been worth while, and we pay you tribute. cause by some, prayer is thought to be nonBut your ideal is not yet realized, and I hope it essential: The manager of a great business firm

it was an important factor in his success. never will be because the realization of goals knew

of his superintendents morning one came ahead will inspire you to greater activity. One

office into his told the secretary rushing and he

Now, in conclusion, may I ask you leaders to wanted to see the manager. She said promptly,

take a message home to your boys and girls. "He is in conference.""He cannot be in conPlease tell them ever to keep in mind three condiference at this early hour,"said the superintendent

tions upon which their success depends: First, and rushed by her, opened the door, and then

inheritance; second, environment; and third, selfquietly retreated, closed the door, and said to the

effort. secretary, "I did not think he was that kind of

Tell them that most of them have inherited a man.""Yes,"said the secretary, "I told you he

good name. They come from noble parentage. It was in conference.""Yes,"replied the superis their duty to maintain that name in honor. intendent, "in conference with One more imGirls are recreant to the trust who would do portant than I."

anything that would bring sorrow to their I close with this testimony, that divine guidance mothers'heart or in any way cast reflection upon is a reality, as real today as when the Savior said the good names that the fathers have made, and to his Father, "And I knew that thou hearest me that applies even more particularly to young men. always."(John 11:42.) Get that consciousness. So

It means that you girls should be careful about live that you may have that response to divine the character and lineage of the boys to whom you guidance, and your life will be happy.

promise companionship through life. You, too, (Concluded on page 588)

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Youn uestion

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

President Joseph Fielding Smith

The Meaning of "Son of Man"

Question: This title given to the Savior may have been

"In Matthew 20:28, we find the following: common in the days of the antediluvian saints.

'Even as the Son of man came not to be minIt is recorded in the Pearl of Great Price, that istered unto, but to minister, and to give his Enoch saw generation after generation down life a ransom for many.'What is the correct through time, and we read, "... Enoch was high

meaning of the term 'Son of man?'The and lifted up, even in the bosom of the Father,

marginal reference leads me to Philippians and of the Son of Man; and behold, the power of

2:7, which is as follows: 'But made himself Satan was upon all the face of the earth. (Moses

of no reputation, and took upon him the form 7:24.) Then in verse 54 we read, "And it came

of a servant, and was made in the likeness of to pass that Enoch cried unto the Lord, saying:

men.'Are we to understand that 'Son of man,'When the Son of Man cometh in the flesh, shall

has reference to the fact that Jesus came into the earth rest? I pray thee, show me these things."

the world, 'in the likeness of men,'or, became From these words written long before the advent mortal? If not, what does it mean?"of Jesus Christ on the earth, it would appear that

he was known by this title in that day.

Answer: We have received other definite information in

each of the four gospels we read where the the counsel the Lord gave to Adam, as recorded

InSavior frequently refers to himself as "the in Moses 6:57, which is as follows:

Son of Man."Invariably in the New Testament, the common noun, "Man,"is printed with a "Wherefore teach it unto your children, that

lower case "m."This is very likely due to the fact all men, everywhere, must repent, or they can in

that the scholars who did the translating did not nowise inherit the kingdom of God, for no unclean understand the significance of this expression. thing can dwell there, or dwell in his presence;

Seemingly, they took the view as you have exfor, in the language of Adam, Man of Holiness pressed it, that it has reference to the fact that is his name, and the name of his Only Begotten our Lord became a man and while on the earth is the Son of Man, even Jesus Christ, a righteous appeared as a man. You will realize that for Judge, who shall come in the meridian of time."

centuries the prevailing notion that God, when Here the Father speaks to Adam of himself as speaking of either the Father or the Son, was a Man, whose name is "Man of Holiness."Therewithout body and was not in the form of man, fore, we are justified in saying of Jesus when referexcept as our Lord appeared among men in his ring to himself as Son of Man, he means that he

earth ministry. is verily the Son of God who is Man of Holiness,

The expression should be written, "Son of or Holy Man.

Man,"with a capital "M,"meaning Son of God. Incidentally we learn that the place where

In revelations given to the Prophet Joseph Smith, Adam dwelt, and where he blessed his righteous the Savior uses this term when speaking of himself. descendants three years before his death, and

See the Doctrine and Covenants, 45:39; 49:6, 22; where the Lord appeared to him, was named

63:53; 68: 1 1. There are other occasions when our Adamondi-Ahman. May we not in truth say

Lord called himself "Son Ahman."See Sections that the meaning of this name Adamondi-Ahman

78:20 and 95:17. is, the place, or land, of God where Adam dwelt?

AUGUST 1953 567—Photographs by The Desertt NewsSalt Lake Telegram

The Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge which spans the Missouri River.

THE MORMON PIONEER MEMORIAE BRIDGE

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

RESEARCH EDITOR

special train, by a cavalcade of

By bussesUtah Pioneers,chartered andby theby Sonsprivateof automobiles, members of the Church returned to the Missouri River, boundary line between Nebraska and

Iowa, and for two days were royally treated by their hosts—the people of

Omaha. The occasion was the dedication of the new Mormon Pioneer

Memorial Bridge which spans the

Missouri River within fifty feet of the site of the first ferry erected under the direction of Brigham Young as the

Saints established Winter Quarters in the fall of 1846, in preparation for what was to become the tragic winter of 184647 for those exiles from

Nauvoo.

President David O. McKay and

many of the General Authorities, together with several hundred other persons, arrived by train in Omaha

Sunday morning, May 31. Within

the hour he and the brethren were attending a special missionary and branch conference in the Omaha

Branch chapel. Here at noon, more

than eight hundred of the special guests were served a meal by the hundred members of the Omaha three

President David O. McKay and President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., on a rolling hillside Branch.

bridge. theoverlooking

568 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the quiet of the Sabbath afternoon, a meeting was held under the direction of the First Presidency upon hallowed ground—the cemetery at

Winter Quarters. Here the visitors

were bid welcome by the city and the bridge officials. And here as

Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the

Council of the Twelve, President J.

Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency, and President David O. McKay

recounted the story of the Pioneers, one could not help contrasting the honored reception given to Church members that day, with that of slightly more than a century ago, when even the elements seemed to combine to forcibly take from those sturdy men, women, and children, their few remaining possessions sometimes life itself. Florence,PresidentNebraska.David O. McKay addresses the audience in the Winter Quarters'Cemetery,

Sunday evening in the Aksarben

Coliseum, a sacred historical pageant,

Come, Come Ye Saints, depicting the history of the Church with emphasis on those events that took place in the Omaha area, was presented. Here,

a 100voice choir from Brigham Young University furnished music.

This group had sung at the cemetery and were to sing at the dedicatory exercises.

Monday morning June 1 (which was the anniversary of Brigham

Young's birth), featured a motorcade through a twostate line of march, and a parade witnessed by an estimated twentyfive thousand spectators. It was the day of the formal

dedication of the Mormon Pioneer

Memorial Bridge. The program, on

the Nebraska entrance of the bridge, President David O. McKay and President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., are met at the train

was conducted by Marvin G. Schmid, by officials of the bridge commission.

of Omaha, general chairman of the dedication committee. The invocation was offered by Rabbi Myer S.

Kripke; L. Dale Matthews, chairman

of the North Omaha Bridge Commission gave a welcoming address; Dr.

H. L. Karrer, a former chairman of

the bridge commission, reviewed the history of the bridge; the Pioneer

Trail Plaque, the gift of the Church, was unveiled by Kate B. Carter and

Richard A. Lambert, presidents of the

Daughters and the Sons of Utah

Pioneers, and was accepted by W. F.

Schollman, another former chairman of the bridge commission.

Governor Robert B. Crosby of

Nebraska, Governor William S.

Beardsley of Iowa, and United States

Congressman Roman Hruska made remarks. The Very Reverend Carl presidentRichardof theA. Lambert,Daughters presidentof Utah ofPioneers,the Sonsstandof beforeUtah Pioneers,the plaqueandthatKatetheyB. unveiledCarter,

(Concluded on page 582) on the Omaha approach of the bridge.

AUGUST 1953 569 The audience which saw the historical pageant at the Aksarben Sons of Utah Pioneers in Mormon Battalion costumes particiColiseum, Sunday evening. pate in parade.

Dedicatory Prayer

Text of dedicatory prayer offered by Presibrotherhood become more potent in human dent David O. McKay at the dedicatory hearts, until all will worship thee as Father and

services of the Mormon Pioneer Memorial recognize every man as brother.

Bridge, Omaha, Nebraska, Monday, June I, In its designation as the Mormon Pioneer 1953. Memorial Bridge this mighty steel structure becomes an unbreakable link uniting the past generain- to the faith, present, tion the in the hope that

, fortitude of the Pioneers dustry, undying and WithGod,gratitudethe Eternaland praise,Father,wein comeprayerto thee,on thisO auspicious occasion. Nearly a century ago will continue to be a guiding and encouraging

men of vision dreamed of the possibility of what light to all who read their simple but incomparable tens of thousands witness today as a reality. We story.

are grateful for these forwardlooking men. They From the ferry to this strongest bridge across

are the builders of empires, contributors to the the Missouri River there has passed a century of world's progress. progress. We pray, O Lord, that thou wilt inWe are grateful for the government of the spire men to desire to make equal advancement

United States that fosters individual initiative and in preserving and making applicable to society thereby makes such achievements possible. the principles of individual liberty and freedom of

We are grateful for the architect and engineers, worship sought by the Pioneers and Vouchsafed members of commissions, for the workmen, skilled by the Constitution of the United States.

and unskilled, who day after day, month followMay these ideals ever be connoted with this ing month, have, through intelligence and ininspirational occasion as we invoke thy protecting dustry, made this bridge a reality. care upon this memorial bridge, and dedicate it

We are grateful for the spirit of true brotherfor the convenience and use of millions whose hood manifested by the members of the North progress and pleasure will be enhanced thereby.

Omaha Bridge Commission that designated this For this realization of a dream come true we great steel structure "The Mormon Pioneer praise thy holy name, and pray for desires and

Memorial Bridge,"thereby commemorating the strength to emulate the faith and high ideals faith, dauntless courage, and unflinching heroism of the Pioneers to whose memory we now dedicate of the Pioneers who early founded settlements in it as a fitting memorial.

this area and ferried across the Missouri in a This we do reverently in the name of our matchless trek westward. May that spirit of Savior, Jesus Christ. Amen.

Brigham Young University choir singing at the dedication of Part of the crowd before the speakers'platform at the bridge the Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge. dedication.

we bury him. Would it cost too

K much?"... If You Keep "Not a penny."Mary promised

them with that peculiar knowledge of things that seemed to place herMy so essentially apart from the rest of

Commandments... us,does innottheirtake minds.money for"Mypreaching."Church

As she continued to explain to them by La Preal Wight our beliefs, I saw the fear leave their faces, and in its place adoration for this aged woman lit up their countenance, and they appeared galjjtf you keep my commandments. lant in their sorrow. I felt that

throughout their years no one had

I And she had kept his comstopped to be kind to them before.

mandments. And they were the type that needed

This thought came to me suddenly kindness. They had probably needed

and impressively the day Mary Hurit many times along their way. If

ren Wight walked into her kitchen someone had lent a hand, they might with the sick child in her arms. It Mary Hurren Wight never have had to face the sorrow

was not her child, for she was seventy that was theirs to bear at that moyears of age; nor was it the child of "Yes, immediately,"said Mary, ment.

her kith and kin. It was the sick "although there is not much a body When I heard the simple voices of

child of total strangers, people bogged can do at this stage. The little soul neighbors ring out in song—a funeral

down with trouble and a broken car, is so near to making its last earthly hymn—in Mary's front parlor, and

camped under the locust tree at the flight. I doubt that even a doctor saw the humble, grateful tears in

end of the lane. can help."Then she added, slowly, the eyes of the still bewildered parents

Mary's children rose up in protec- "I think you had better put a bite as they looked upon the little pine tive alarm. to eat on the table. The child's mother box, made by other neighbors'hands;

"Mother! You might be exposing will be here. She's hungry. Her huswhen I smelled the faint odor of

the whole family to something terband is, also. They have been worMary's garden flowers adding color

rible,"they remonstrated. "You ried, those two. I guess they never to the casket, making it appear beautidon't know what the child has. It thought of food. At least they did ful and fragrant, when I heard the

could have anything!"not have any. I asked them. Set bishop speak of life eternal, I was.

"It is not a question of what it has the table for two."proud of my grandmother, for I

or could have,"she answered firmly. realized she had brought this good

about, went on and moment my soul is was Hurren Wight sick. my child canAAary little baby "The A

its to a witness to her: knees I was grandmother, and I never car sick came inside a be wretched not

with Mormon homes about it. Every in close contact with her that I did the keeping of the greatest of all

house has a door. Doors were made not realize I was in the presence of commandments, as our Father in

it to intended be kept. heaven I a good But woman. think I had in. let to people And when has my "... if you keep commandments my until following the never two known ever shut?"door been

and endure to the end...."(D. & C. just strength there how much continued. they "But days know,""We

14:7.) soul. beautiful learn is in a I was to is so there do without one could much

bringing the child home."it through the eyes of the dead child's My grandmother endured to the

"That's just it,"triumphantly remother, for in spite of everything one end. She was as old as a tree; her

plied their mother. "Home, this incould do, there was a moment when eyes could no longer see clearly the

nocent young one has no home! We the baby smiled up at us, gratefully, beauties of her labor: the flowers she

planted, the of her old winding clean from its it seemed, bed had warm, there have happy a warm, one—and

clock, English the food helped she had then, a little with Mary's kitchen, inn. in a in Besides, at our is room

way these people are strangely close sigh of such sweet content, closed its to preserve. Her feet no longer took

to us, camped as they are under our eyes peacefully; and its soul winged her to the places she wanted to go:

one locust tree. Literally, they are homeward. to the sick and the troubled, to her

our neighbors.". Later, husband and wife 'apChurch, and to the last resting place

Linked by common understanding proached Mary, their hands clasped at the foot of the mountains, where of their mother's purpose, which together, his arm laid consolingly seven of her thirteen children lay seemed always clear and fixed when about his partner's shoulder. There buried. But she had never faltered

she was serving for good her fellow was a mystified terror in his eyes, and in her desire to live the way God men, the girls'significant glances his speech was awkward and hesitant wanted her to live.

subsided. It may have been, also, in its despair.

that they saw the sick child's face, "Could we... would we be able Ance, when a doctor, not of our

for with one accord they agreed they to... well, his mother and I would faith, had looked at her frozen

should call a doctor. like a little sermon preached before (Concluded on page 598)

AUGUST 1953 571 Range land which has suffered from improper use. Note Range land which has been judiciously managed. Note the

the lack of forage and ground protection. Water falling on this abundance of forage which will repay the owner by increased

land can only run off, causing damage and poor yields. production.

.""The Earth Is the Lord's..

by Bruce L. Schmalz

Conservation is usually thought of quently not themselves, and especially Yea, all things which come of the earth, as a political issue. Since almost they do not think of it as having in the season thereof, are made for the

everyone is in favor of it, it is a any connection with religion or the thebenefiteye andand theto usegladdenof man,the bothheart;to please

subject for political use, and it is church. Yea, for food and for raiment, for taste

frequently treated as a political matIn referring to conservation in conand for smell, to strengthen the body and enliven the soul.ter. Others not think of conmay nection the scriptures, with use to we

it pleaseth And that he given hath God ifservation at all, they do, and they the following quotation from the Docall these things for unto unto man;

regard the use of our natural resources trine and Covenants, section 59, verses end were they made to be used, with judgthis else—theas a problemgovernment,concerningfor instance,someone 17 to 20: ment, not to excess, neither by extortion.

which controls much of our forests; Yea, and the herb, and the good things From this excerpt a definition of

for earth, of the which whether come oil bigthe companies It produce food conservation substantiated. be who can

for for or or for houses, raiment, or barns, or theour oil; in the farmer out coundefinition is wise use. This does not for or for or for orchards, gardens, or vinetry or down the road—but too freyards; mean that our natural resources

This field has been carelessly irrigated, and the result is This field is being irrigated with more care and judgment. Water

washed furrows, loss of soil, waste of water, and poor yields. is carefully controlled and the furrows run around the slope.

*'*..JL-i**1-

should not be used, that they should The end of the Babylonian Empire is be locked up, an understanding usually written in terms of wars with the sometimes held by some enthusiasts. Persians.the fact thatLittle Ur,or notheweightgreatestis givencity toof

Soil, forests, minerals, and wildlife Abraham, and once a thriving seaport, now enliven the soul, please the eye, gladlies 150 miles within a sterile desert.

den the heart, but for the benefit of man they should be put to use. The area formerly occupied by the

is now one of depleIt is from the last few words of the Roman Empire above quotation that we are cautioned tion of soil and land. The promised

"... to be used, with judgment, not land which once was flowing with

to excess, neither by extortion."milk and honey has been so devasWe can also find this substantiated tated by soil erosion that the soils

in section 49, verses 19 and 21 of have been swept off fully half the the Doctrine and Covenants: area of the hill lands.

The Pharaohs of Egypt built a For, behold, the beasts of the field and civilization on the Nile in an area air, fowls the of the and that cometh which of the earth, is ordained for the use of which is now only shifting sands.

man for food and for raiment, and that he The Mesopotamian Valley of western might have in abundance. Asia, called the cradle of civilization,

And wo be unto man that sheddeth blood is now barren waste. The soils of

or that wasteth flesh and hath no need. poor China, one of the world's oldest

How has man used the resources nations, went down the river centuries on, but the storyof the earth in times gone by? Hisago. We could go

tory reveals that there have been This land, used for the production of is always the same. God gave man

all the things that came the earth and wheat, has been severely damaged by spring civilizationsother prior to ours which runoff. also gave presumably therefrom, andhave risen to power then have and

passed into oblivion. Many of the him the intelligence to use them; but

ancient civilizations achieved a great apparently man has used them only which were abused. Conservationwith abuse. Mr. Vogt further states:deal of advancement in their agriculthat the ists maintain lack of judgtural practices—complex irrigation ment on the people's part in the use The history of Babylon, Assyria, Carofsystems, terraced the Britain, gardens, the and Spain, and thage, China, of at least these resources a factor was

is it is unless States, meaningless Unitedlike. of in think the the people We led to internal which weakness, and these of peoples the to related the way civilization as ofearly days being any eventual downfall. event, In the plants treated the which any countries on have

of nomadic nature, making their livfinal curtain comes down on the they depend, The part that plants play fishing,ing hunting, gathering and they come, canthe which earth from same as in our own and scene—desert—or story. in man's ignored not bewild only and when fruits. 'When country, dust bowls.

settled tothey and commenced down chief Vogt, conserWilliam of the evidence examine some Suppose we soil for theuse sustenance growing of section vation the PanAmerican country. to in our Have regard ownfor their themselves animals, and do in writes Union, his book Road judgland with our been using to we of civilization, find evidence as wewe Survival, page (Continued onthink of it, beginning to grow. In 614)

other words, these civilizations appeared to have grown only when men learned to use and develop the land. Then, apparently, their enemies became jealous of their achievements and prosperity and attempted

to overthrow them. Wars and struggles resulted, and eventually the

society became decadent.

It may also be maintained that it was the loss of morality or spirituality that brought down these formerly strong nations of people. Others say

that it was unfair economic pressures and the need for nations to defend themselves that caused their downfall and the waste of their land resources. Whether because of the

fact that the people became indolent and did not develop new areas, or whether they were forced to concentrate for protection, or for other reacourtesy oj Soil Conservation Servicesons there was a concentration of—Photographs

people on the most desirable lands, movementThis landdownhillhas beenand isplannedheld to inrunalternateinto the strips.soil andHerenot off.the water is checked in its

AUGUST 1953 573 TheUtah'sold firstStatecapital,Housewasat begunFillmore,in in 1851, but served for a State

House only a short period of time.

My interest in, and love for, the old landmark led me to search for information concerning its construction.

While tracing the history of the building, I also received an enlightening glimpse of the pioneers who built it and their devotion to purpose under hardship.

It is a story of ingenious methods and heroic labors unsurpassed.

In 1851 officials decided to locate the capital of Utah on Chalk Creek, in the Pahvant Valley. An act was

passed and approved by the territorial legislature, creating Millard

County, and it was further enacted that the "seat of government"should be called Fillmore in honor of PresiThe Old State House at Fillmore, Utah.

dent Millard Fillmore.

President Brigham Young and a party of men went to Fillmore in pected to be able to furnish lumber In December 1854 a company of

October of 1851 to locate the site of good quality for the State House; fifteen stonecutters and masons arfor the "seat of government."however, some had to be hauled in rived in Fillmore to finish the walls

The Deseret News, November 29, later from other places. Lime was and the south wing of the State

1851, reporting news events of Octoburned in the mountains nearby. House.

ber 28, 1951, stated that the site was The weather in the winter of 1852 "The citizens were surprised at our located about a mile and a half from was so severe nothing could be done, coming so late in the fall,"writes one the camp which the first settlers had but in the spring the twelve men of the men, "believing it impossible made on Chalk Creek. The city is appointed by President Young to for us to put up the walls this seato be on both sides of the creek about build the State House, arrived with son, but every effort was exerted by

four or five miles below the mouth their families, and work commenced, the foreman and workmen, and the of the canyon. Mr. Jesse Fox immebut the State House was not finished walls were completed."

diately began to survey the city, and until 1855. The building was soon ready for

State House square was determined. During the years between 1852 and the plasterers and painters who would

The latter part of 1851 work on 1855 the small colony worked under be sent from Great Salt Lake City.

Statethe difficulty. befarms great but House had begun, Work on their to have All being efforts were made

for it of thecause of the take precedence, countrv newness was had to J for the meeting ready building the progress was very slow. All buildtheir source of livelihood; also homes of the next legislature which had ading materials were produced as near had to be built to shelter them; and journed in Salt Lake City to meetat hand as possible—within five miles construction on the State House could on the second Monday of December

of the city was found an abundance be done sometimes only in the coldest 1855 at Fillmore.

of excellent timber, and a fine grade season after crops were garnered.

of red sandstone was near at hand, During 1853 stone was cut and The Latterday Saints'interest in but roads had to be built to quarries, hauled and the foundation laid. Litlearning is manifest in the inclusion

and canyons had to be opened. This tle else was accomplished that year. of a library in the building, and

was done at a cost of "one hundred The people of Great Salt Lake City this, too, was rushed to completion.

and fifty days work."A mill comwatched from afar. Church and civil Governor Young and members of

pany was organized and "commenced authorities were kept informed by post the Legislative Assembly "arrived in operations forthwith."They exof all things done. Fillmore on the 7th inst. at 1 P.M.,

all well and in good spirits.. The

Governor was somewhat afflicted with ague in his face. * * *

"Preparations for the convening of the Legislative Assembly on the 10th * * * in rapid progress. were Utah's First Capitol 11, 1855, Tuesday, December "On

at 2 o'clock the two houses of the by Bertha S. Stevenson Utah Legislature met in joint session

in the Representative Hall, and Gov-

(Continued on page 589) 574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dohvi M. v jlckotai BOOKOGRAPHY &

recall of readily us canMOST first the that of glimpse how enormous dictionary resting on a stand in the corner of the classroom awed us with its size. It was

a distinct thrill when we were permitted to turn its pages for the first time in search of a strange word that would increase our vocabulary.

Yet, no matter how large that particular dictionary appeared at the time, our awe would have changed to incredulity if someone had suddenly brought into the room the largest of all books. That queen Photograph by the Library of Congress

of the bookworld is over six feet The Gutenberg Bible, now included in the Library of Congress.

high and three feet wide! The book

was printed in the year 1823. It is true nevertheless. And it is quite painting. The papyrus leaves with

an anatomical atlas used by hunappropriate that a book should have their written text were always rolled dreds of doctors in the study of the the qualifications to be included in into a cylinder which was called a human body and is at present in the category of things that are unvolume. Sometimes the complete

a commercial university in Vienna. usual because, with the possible exworks of an author were composed

Although it is definitely the largception of human beings or animals, of fifteen rolls or volumes which est as far as size is concerned, this a book truly is man's most cherished were then placed in jars or canisbook is not the heaviest in the world. friend. ters. Many specimens that still

Honors for that distinction go to Whether it be adorned with exist are twenty to forty yards in a book published at the beginning luxurious, goldstamped binding or length when fully unrolled.

of the twentieth century bv a Hapsjust plain, paper cover, it undoubtIt wasn't until parchment and burg archduke. It is entitled Parqa edly plays its role of friendship. vellum were adopted for writing

105 a little over pounds! weighsand that to the works composed began is large, curious, world and The to a require Paul BunyanIt would the general of appearance assume beautiful. have it posBooks made of of that armfulcarry books an flat of folded, sheets the modern to sible for inexplore us its most

type to school every day. accessible corners while resting in book. During the Middle Ages

If the queer, zigzag marks of the warmth and comfort of our sheets were folded in the center and

Chinese writing haven't caused you homes. then inserted one within the other

to sigh prayer that you a thankful perhaps thenare an American, this It is when we realize what an twelveto makeleaves.up a gatheringThis wasoftheeightstageto

indispensable object actually a book dictionaryfact Chinese will: The of the Gutenberg bookmaking when

pity the folk of is, that we mustis of 5,020 volumes, each comprised at Bible Mainz, Gerwas printed one of which has 170 pages. The yesteryear when books were either many, in the year 1454.

rare nonexistent so or that possesis called Tu-s/m-c/zzdictionary is Bible conGutenberg The sion of a considered a volume was compiledcheng. puband It was beautiful the sidered most most and rather a necessity. than luxury of at the thelished beginning of ever printed. valuable all books

seventeenth century during the The birth of the printed and It was once in the possession of reign of the Chin dynasty. The bound book, as we know it, took the monastery of St. Paul in

whole set of books has the staggerplace in the fifteenth century, a mere Corinthia. A New York book coling total of 862,000 pages! five hundred years ago. Yet the lector then bought it for $350,000.

What a relieving contrast it National Library of Paris possesses In recent years, the government of would be to study the smallest book a volume supposedly four thousand the United States obtained the book in the world. years old! Called Papyrus Prisse, for the Library of Congress for the

Printed in Italy, the book is comthis ancient book was found in a sum of fifteen million dollars.

posed of 208 pages but is less than tomb of the old Greek city of Teb. Thus the Bible has the honor of

onehalf by onefourth inches in Papyrus Prisse is not a book in being the most expensive of all size. Its text is a letter written by the true sense of the word. It is books. But there is a greater disGalileo in the year 1615. Unforinstead a roll of leaves from the tinction for which it is noted. Transtunately, to peruse this Lilliputian papyrus tree or plant which grows in lated into eight hundred different

volume, we would have to grip it the near East. The ancient people of languages, the sales of the Holy

with a pair of tweezers and read Greece, Egypt, and Rome discovBible have gone into uncountable it with the aid of a magnifying glass. ered that the leaves of this tree were millions, making it the greatest sellThese are amazing facts, but especially suited for writing or ing book of all times!

AUGUST 1953 575 A.W.-, <#-....,;. fife..Mi..B.S

-, Br*, '

-MM

.??':';::.''.

f /. # [;, "

ii

-SK

ill View of crowd attending M.I.A. June Conference.

The 1953 M.I.A. CONFERENCE

in Pictures and Prose

by Marba C. Josephson

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

emotion that stirs within a person when

Thehe participates with countless others whose ideals and standards are similar becomes completely satisfying and almost overwhelming. A

feeling of security and of solidarity has tonic effect when associating with those who come from many parts of the Church. The years that lie ahead

of one take on new meaning through this community of experience.

Yet, although numbers are impressive, they are not the most significant feature of the activities at

June conference. In fact, the very numbers might

Chorus which sang at high honor award program,

Sunday June 14, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle.

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Reception line, Friday morning, June 12: Emily H. Bennett,

A. Walter Stevenson, Bertha S. Reeder, and Elbert R. Curtis,

of the general presidency and superintendency lead in greeting

M.I.A. visitors.—Photographs by Salt Lake Newspapers

Reception line, Friday, June 12, greeting M.I.A. Conference visitors.

President David O. McKay and Dr. Arthur A. Schuck,

Chief Scout Executive, Boy Scouts of America.

prove stultifying, if it were not for the underlying motives and the overtones that are set in motion.

Creatively activated, the festivals and department sessions send the participants and onlookers both back into their various local units determined to do even better work. Dancers by the thousands Typical of department luncheons was Scout barbeque, June 13.

lend importance when the audience reflects that behind these in sight is a multitude of at least twice that many who in the wards and stakes of the Church are having the benefit of welldirected, wellsupervised dancing activities. Thus

time and energy are being used creatively, helping to build a sound and happy community.

As President McKay stated in one of his addresses, the multitudinous activities might seem overpowering viewed by one not informed: drama,

speech, music, dancing, sports, camping, athletics, as well as departments which cover the needs and interests of young people from the age of 12 upwards. Yet as the program is studied, the or-

(Continued on page 579) Dr. Arthur A. Schuck (right) greeting Canadian

Scouter and Dr. E. Allen Bateman, general board Scout

committee.

AUGUST 1953 (m iki: 4 >. 4, $wllfps*

..'i'VVY-

':. i

..,;'''ft:

** 11<>*&*

l 4*nwb if IIP * V A.*.* JH-i.

M"*> & TlBlaC.:,i.itt ill! iilis Scout and Bee Hive Girl participants at Stadium, University of Utah, Saturday, June 13, celebrating "Forty'Years of Scouting in thel.D. S. Church.'

American flags carried in Scout program thrilled the re activities other Among demonstrated in Scout program at sponsive audience. Stadium the was effective signaling.

One of towers erected in a matter of minutes in thrilling Scout spectacle.

President David O. McKay reecives special recognition during

"Forty Years of Scouting"program from an Explorer, Scout, and

Cub Scouts.

The 1953 M.I.A. Conference

(Continued from page 577) ganfzation unfolds logically; and each part falls

into place, becoming clear in its organization, giving ample opportunity for wholesome development.

The title of the auxiliary indicates the purpose that motivated its organization: "Mutual Improvement."The sole aim of the auxiliary is to

improve the entire membership of the Church by giving special attention to the needs and qualifications of each member. The invisible audience s

behind the participants becomes the great motivating force of the Mutual, significant and interesting as the dance, drama, and speech festivals prove themselves to be. The use of the proportionately few to indicate the growth of the many,

the use of the few to fire the leaders indicate the Handicraft work at Jordan Park campcrafts and games on Thurspossibilities of development through the Mutual day attracted 500 M.I.A. workers.

program. The use of the spectacle thus becomes

a means to an end, certainly not the end in itself.

Of particular significance for the 1953 June conference was the celebration of the fortieth year of scouting in the L.D.S. Church. The

Saturday evening session was turned over to the

Scouts, and the production A Scout Is Born, written by Luacine Clark Fox, was presented, followed by Scout activities, including a dance with Bee Hive Girls. This was an evening long

to be remembered, filled as it was with tower building, calisthenics, fire making, signaling, dancing, in addition to the drama. The stadium of

the University of Utah lends itself especially well to this type of demonstration, and the two nights of dancing, the relays arranged by the committee, athletic demonstration, as well as the Scout program provided delightful evidence of the effectiveness of Mutual.

The acid test of the Mutual, however, lies in (Concluded on page 584)

Basketry proved interesting at campcrafts section.

AUGUST 1953 Tkfc-h OarSen.

by Amy Hillyard Jensen It was a question that he had dwelt on many times before but had stood together, the man and not yet answered. He had hoped

Theythe boy, while the water surged for an answer in the basement workin the ditch and sent wet fingers shop; it was the kind of thing he

exploring the tiny canals between the himself had hungered for as a boy.

rows of corn. The boy watched the It was to have been the making of

water, held by a fascination as old as young Danny—a substitute for povthe water itself, and the man watched erty, a cureall for wealth.

the boy. They had worked there together

"My son, my son,"he thought,"his a few times, the man eagerly trying eyes tracing the strong lines of the to kindle interest in the boy, and the boy's face, seeing there a shadow of project had failed miserably. To

the man he was fast becoming. He please his father, Danny had finished

wondered, as he had so many times a toy box for the younger children, before, to what extent the young mind but Dan knew that his heart wasn't and heart were his to mold. The in it.

child was not a piece of clay, to be Now, in the August heat, the boy formed by the pressure of his father's looked up from his cutting and pushbeliefs and desires; yet the man felt ing with the hoe and wiped a grimy

instinctively that the boy's failures hand across his face. It left a black

would be his failures, the boy's streak on the honey color of his skin, triumphs, his own. It was a terrible and his father noted this, half in

thing to be so conscious of this reamusement, half in irritation.

sponsibility and yet to feel so inept "Daddy, do you think God pays at meeting it. any attention to little prayers?"The

He sighed and touched the boy's nostalgia the many hot summer days question, asked so seriously in the shoulder gently with his hand. he had done this as a boy. Even at clear, still childish voice, caught the

"Come on, Danny,"he said, "let's get the time, irrigating hadn't seemed like man unprepared. He nearly laughed.

busy."work. He'd been too absorbed in the Then quickly he softened the

They worked together well. Though feeling of power it gave him to think spontaneous grin to a smile. "Why,

the boy handled his hoe awkwardly, of it in that way. He had imagined sure."He answered heartily, so as

even for a twelveyear-old, he did it himself an engineer someday, building to be more convincing, "Big or little, with an energy that made his father bridges and dams. Now that the he answers them all."The smile

sharply aware of the years that had dream was realized, he knew he was lingered as Dan waited to hear what passed since he had attacked his grateful for a boyhood that had never momentous problem his son was leadchores with the same boyish abandon. been entirely free of care. ing up to.

It was strange; though Dan loved In contrast, young Danny had "Well, even prayers about somehis three younger children equally never known poverty. He took comthing like money?"The boy looked

well, they had never been as real to pletely for granted the abundance away from his father then and behim as this curlyhaired child who that his father still found so astonishcame busy with the hoe.

was so much a reincarnation of himing. No, they were not entirely Abruptly, uneasiness took the smile

self. alike, these two. from Dan's face and seemed to throw

Or, he wondered now, was he Perhaps it was just as well. He a shadow across the brightness of

merely being sentimental? Dan condidn't want Danny to do without the day. Surely he hadn't spoiled

sidered this while his arms moved the useless treasures that boys hold the boy to this extent, that he felt steadily with his shovel. For all their dear. And yet, if he gave the boy he had to pray for money!

similarities, weren't there just as all those things he had been denied A sharp answer rose up in his many differences between the two? as a child, wouldn't he be cheating throat, but he swallowed it and said

He thought of the farm of his childDanny of something far more pregently. "Yes, son, even about money.

hood, only fifty miles from this back cious? Industry, generosity, perseBut remember, 'Seek ye first the kingyard garden, but a century away in verance—how would the boy learn dom of God, and all these others shall

time, or so it seemed. these lessons if he were given everybe added unto you.'

Now, lifting a clod, moving a thing but the chance to toughen his The water was running more stone, he remembered almost with soul? quietly now; it had spent its strength

580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in the many little tributaries they But after he started high school, had the three one dollar bills and had furrowed around the thirsty he began to need money of his own. there was still small change in his

plants. Dan leaned on his shovel, So he had taken time from the farm pocket, but he had lost five dollars.

his clasped hands on the handle to mow lawns in town. Finally, the He looked everywhere, of course.

making a prop for his chin as he summer he turned fifteen, he had a For nearly an hour, after retracing watched the water. His son hopped fairsized paper route. his path to the farm, he frantically

lightly across the ditch that divided Because of the route he had bought ransacked every possible hiding place.

the money was not to be found.them and stood looking up at his a bicycle—his first—and for the first But

father, his young face alive with time he had a real income from which How was he to take Jenny to the anticipation. to pay tithing. fair? Inevitably, he remembered at

Something in Dan's heart reNow, decades later, as he told his the bottom of his bureau drawer the sponded. "My audience,"he thought, son this story from his boyhood, Dan jar in which he kept his tithing. The

and a warm sweet feeling washed prayed that he might tell it well; thought of it was as tempting as ice

over him, almost too sweet to bear. that his son would feel the wonder cream after a day in the sun. But

"Well, look, Danny,"he said roughof it; that he would know why the he resolutely turned his thoughts in

ly, "look here."He reached into his copper penny he held in his hand another direction, searching for some

pocket and brought out a handful of had become a sort of talisman. honorable escape from his dilemma.

coins. Tossing them lightly in his He told young Danny of the girl To earn more money was out of

the question—tomorrow was the bighand, he separated a bright copper of his youth—the girl with hazel

dav, so there wouldn't be time. Hepenny from the others, like wheat eyes—sweet to look upon, terribly unfrom the chaff. attainable. The girl who, by some could borrow some, maybe—but

"I was just a little older than you miracle, had promised to go with where? None of his friends had

to lend. to ask his father any And fair. state to the him or three yearsare two now—maybe question. of the out been There had less than a week "wasbefore about I worried money. any

Slyly, the thought filtered into hisBefore that, I never had any to worin which to save his money—he had

it from the Lord.ry about."He laughed, but as reput off asking Jenny till the last mind—borrow

membrance engulfed him, he knew moment, never dreaming she would He groaned aloud. He knew that

it hadn't been any laughing matter say yes. But now she had promised, if he used his tithing to take Jenny

twenty years ago. and he meant to raise enough money to the fair, it would be twice as

it it to as to hard been had up make life. to of give the her time her of his mother, thought who He

it first in place. lay the aside And in a fog rosy lawns mowed He of like the mother beenhad much tempted, possibly wouldn't once he to right fair the before the day upthis patient of child woman, his—a it all. at care Yet about making up to opened. he gone had Then buy spirit, of of heart. simplebeautiful

it less other the honhand, on was tickets for the grandstand show, knowof could haveProbably them none to orable he borrow which money it ing that of feature the be would if it well so hadn't povertyborne himself saved than to borrow had fair. wholebeen for his mother. the

friend? it from a didn't He know how he lost the

His father had been a righteous money. He had been so careful of While wavering thus, he thought

man, sometimes more just than it, patting his hip pocket proudly as for a moment of Jenny as he had merciful. He had driven his children he rode into town. He hadn't owned seen her last, a soft smile on her

almost as hard as he drove himself; a wallet, he just carried his bills lips, the golden flecks in her hazel

he had never indulged them. Only rolled tightly together. But when he eyes dancing like sunbeams. And in

with his wife had he ever been tenwent into the drugstore where they that moment his waning selfcontrol der. were selling tickets, he found that the vanished completely.

Dan remembered her so clearly five dollar bill was missing. He still Hastily, he dumped the contents

as she had looked in her clean worn of the jar on to his bed. Three doldress, her shabby coat. And he re- I WISH I HAD A CHART, lars and fiftytwo cents. It seemed

father saying, his "Sarah,membered like fortune. a to able be would He Georgia Eberling By Moore

it to hurt turn sure doessometimes tickets for grandstand buy and pay the grayclad to hours f count from day to the bishopthis over when money fare, left bus have and still some day.

so bad. a coat It seemsyou need over. as in surged Excitement has him taught heart mind wayward as My* my

though just once...."to say: he thought of the long beautiful day

But his mother had answered, Is"I butshalla awake,dream. thisThechasmmeadowsat mysunnysweetfeet ahead with Jenny at his side.

"I'd as soon have no coat at all as Are bright in view; there you and I shall Suddenly, unbidden, his mother's

meet;have one bought with the Lord's

And skies that now are dull and ashengray voice echoed in his mind, shaming money."Will change to blue; and we shall find lost him. He knew what she would say.

Because his mother was the way May."But he argued with her silently. It

she was, Dan had never really minded But when night spreads her purple blanket wasn't for himself that he wanted outdoing without things. Every sumwas for Jenny. Actualtucks the corners close, when all about the money—it And

mer he worked beside his father in Black shadows fall, when leaves are brown ly, he'd rather not go at all than go the fields or went with his uncle in and sere, on the Lord's money. But to disapthe pickup to sell produce in town. Dreamsappear,of the days when you were mine point Jenny, to lose all hope of taking

The only wage he had ever received And in my dreams I battle loss and fear. her out again—the thought of it was

was an ice cream cone or an occaThe past is dead. I wish I had a chart more than he could stand.

sional bottle of pop. To map a course away from memory's dart. (Continued on page 599)

AUGUST 1953 581 THE MORMON PIONEER MEMORIAE RRIDGE

(Concluded from page 569) tory address and prayer. After

M. Reinert, S. J., president of Creighsinging by the B.Y.U. choir, the

ton University (Roman Catholic) Reverend Mark McCallum, president spoke next, and then President of the Omaha Council of Churches,

Joseph Fielding Smith of the Council pronounced the benediction.

of the Twelve gave an historical adLater in the day President McKay dress, which was followed by a sketch and the General Authorities were of Brigham Young by Gordon C. entertained at a special luncheon

Young, a greatgrandson. President given by the Omaha Chamber of

David O. McKay delivered the dedicaCommerce.

IiS2S2X3v3V9v?Ov3v3\3\?sJv7

\J\Jom and jraltn—and yriction

Richard L. Evans

us frictions of life that wear of the again this question n o that circumstances would situations and There are away:

prematurely wear us all away if we would let them. There

DESERET BOOK COMPANY are rough, eroding experiences that with some of us leave

AudioVisual Aids Dept. raw, deep wounds, but with others seem somehow to heal

sooner or not to cut so cruelly. In some we sometimes see

is your so tight a tenseness that the wearing process is painfully apparent. And then, in contrast, we sometimes see someone

BELL AND HOWELL who has lived through not less—but who has somehow

Special Representative learned to live with comparative freedom from the full effects of some of life's frictions. We all have hurts; some

[See Bell and all misunderstandings; some them. have Howell fullpage advertisement of harbor us We

page.) on opposite

all with to deal at times of have them. magnify us We

difficult, irritable, unreasonable, unpleasant people; some of

all Complete Film Offerings us resent them too much and overlook too little. We

have annoyances, frustrations, disappointments. We are all

subject to some sorrow, to sickness, sometimes to the loss of loved ones, to unkind comment, to the cutting edge of

Feature Films criticism. No one's life is lived completely free from the

all have for Ward Entertainments conditions that could cause wearing friction. We

to make adjustments. But by faith and forbearance, by the

patient withholding of judgment, and by being so absorbed in useful work that it leaves little time to brood, we can

Educational Films often avoid the abrasive quality of bitterness, of harsh erodfor use in M.I.A.—ing resentments—and free ourselves of much of the effects

of friction, and live longer than we would otherwise live,

Relief Societyand be healthier and happier while we are living. Again

Primary and it should be said that worry, a bad conscience, pressure and impatience, resentment and unreconciled sorrow all provide other classes the friction that sometimes makes the going rough and raw.

But faith, forbearance, and work are part of the formula that frees us from friction—faith in the purposefulness of

life, in the mercy and love and justice of an Eternal Father, faith in ultimate understanding and complete compensation.

Faith, forbearance, and useful, willing work can free us Deseret

unhappily wear us away. Booh to. from much of the friction that would otherwise harshly and

AUDIOVISUAL -Jke SpokenJpoteen 1/1/OfaWord FROM temple square

AIDS DIVISION PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, MAY 31, 1953 AVE INDIANA 1400

Copyright, 1953 CITY. UTAH LAKE SAIT

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Now you can make lowcost sound movies

Here is the longawaited Filmosound 202, the 16mm old sound movies. And in each case, you can change the

Bell & Howell recording projector that lets you make sound as often as you like sound movies without professional experience or costly If you aren't already using sound films, the Filmoequipment, project any 16mm film, silent or sound. sound 202 will give you an entirely new concept of

Now you can make your own sound movies... add their value to your church organization. For full inforsound to old silent films... or a second sound track to mation, mail the coupon today.

the sensational, new 16mm Filmosound RECORDING PROJECTOR

for life. Guaranteed the During

uct, defect in any or material lifeworkmanshipof the prodwill be free remedied (except transportation).

Record your message right on the film Your own interpretation of religious as it is being projected onto the screen films to conform with the teachings of your Bell & Howell Company, through your Filmosound 202. Simple conchurch is made possible by the Filmosound 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, Illinois

trols, foolproof mechanisms. Playback lets 202. You can reach every age level simply Please send me without cost or obligation

you correct recording errors immediately. by changing the sound message as desired. moviesfull informationwith the onnewmakingFilmosoundlowcost202.sound

Name You buy for life Organization..

when you buy CityAddress -County -StateBell &HowellAUGUST 1953 583 % f $**

'ft I

r\

Gathering for on the green at the Stadium of the University of Utah Thursday and Friday evening before dancing. Inset of small dancing group.

The 1953 M.I.A. Conference

(Concluded from page 579) the department sessions, held on Saturday of June conference. Each department this year was filled

to capacity—and more!

The pageantry developed in the departments provides a stirring commentary on the skill and faith of those who direct and those who execute the work of the Mutual Improvement Associations in the wards, stakes, and general boards. One

purpose only motivates all of the program—no

matter what the ramifications and variations and that purpose is the building of stalwart

Latterday Saints, men and women of faith.

Patterned group dancing of all girls dance. The Sunday sessions proved equally stimulating.

The morning meeting, under the direction of the

First Presidency, featured talks given by the auxiliary heads of the Mutual, as well as those by the General Authorities. The humble spirit

President David O. of the general superintendency and of the general

McKay pins honpresidency was reflected through the devotion they

Gleaorary Golden expressed to the cause of M.I.A. and their testiner pin on Emma

Ray McKay at mony to the truthfulness of the Church.

Golden Gleaner General The afternoon session was a high award recogbanquet;

President Bertha S. nition for the youth of the Mutual. A special

Reeder approves. souvenir medal was given in commemoration of

the 49th Anniversary of Scouting in the L.D.S.

Church. The keynote address was delivered at

this session by Dr. Arthur A. Schuck, Chief

Scout Executive, Boy Scouts of America. The final

admonition and blessing given by President

McKay (see page 565) made a stirring conclusion to the entire June conference. His ringing challenge echoed in the hearts and minds of the youth

of the Church. It was a benediction to the efforts

and accomplishments of the many workers and participants throughout the department sessions, special events, and festivals.

(For additional pictures see page 587) 584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INTRODUCING THE

3 BEDROOM HOME

'Specially designed by TriState to give you more space, more quality, more features... all at a new,

low price.

A BRAND NEW STANDARD IN

QUALITY, VALUE AND DESIGN

Foot by foot and feature by feature the "Town and Country"sets a new standard in quality and value. Compare it for materials and workmanship... check the interesting, livable floor plan. We believe you'll

agree that here is and true economy more ADDED CLOSET SPACE in value longterm a 3 -bedroom home than you've seen since 1940!

sdtt 1 fir No. dimenDETAILS: STRUCTURAL

joists, in sion ceiling rafters stud'floor used and and H\ o \L 1 in. insulation ding. pine Vi in. board plus sheathing,

)Y\--)u0 used in sidewalls. Balsam Wool insulation in ceilings.

MODERN SLAB DOOMS Subfloors of 1 in. pine.

FINISH DETAILS: Modern slab doors used

throughout. \'i in. (extra heavy oak floors in front

rooms and bedrooms. BuiltWell, factorymade allwood

kitchen cabinets for modern appearance and long life. Famous Koehler plumbing fixtures. Inlaid linoleum

in utility room, kitchen and bath.

with applied shakes cedar Olympic EXTERIOR:

finished rust). in knotty nails (won't Gables A TTRACTIVE K ITCHCN aluminum

pine or fir.

SEE THE PLANS: Plans and specifications

for the "Town and Country"home are available at

TriState. Come in and inspect them... now!

CONVENIENT UTILITY ROOM

AUGUST 1953 585 How his $51,000 tool kit works for you

YCStcrday—Manpower and a drill rig contrived from a springy sapling, cable and drill bits sank our first wells. Since the rudimentary tools

restricted their depth, they produced little oil. The "tea kettle"refineries

of the day were limited, too. They utilized only a portion of the petroleum

and turned out a small number of useful products.

gl

Today—Each of our 34,750 Standard Oilers works with an wrinkleresistant fabrics, lowcost plastics and worksaving

average $51,000 worth of tools. They use dieselelectric drill detergents; sprays to increase farm crops; asphalt for roads,

rigs to tap oil pools as far as three or more miles deep. With and many more. Standard's investment in "tools"to

refinery units that rearrange the structure of petroleum make oil serve you better amounts to $1,772,000,000. That's

molecules they make each drop of crude useful. Ingenious $51,000 worth for every Standard Oiler. With this $51,000

production, refining and research "tools"like these enable tool kit he not only makes more products—he makes them

Standard Oilers to make more than 1100 different products better, cheaper, more easily available. Questions or comfrom a barrel of oil... gasoline 50% better than it was ments are always welcome. Write: Standard Oil Company

25 years ago, and wearsaving lubricants; ingredients for of California, P. O. Box 3495-A, San Francisco, California.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better 586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Friday, June luncheon, presidents'and superintendents'Friday 800 brought banquet, preceding reception, Gleaner Golden right: left to Utah. From Hotel Ballroom, Lafavette in 12, Church. the throughout representing 5000 Gleaners,Golden Kirk- A. Oscar Fox; S. King; Ruth May David Assistant, Second hands shaking Sheaf, Gleane;- of author Bennett, WallaceRose President General Seventy; of the Council First the of left, ham at chairman, Pinnock, B. Florence Gleaner. Goldenwith mistress Longden, C. LaRue Counselor Second S. Reeder; Bertha Christensen, C. Alice Cutler, F. Virginia Poulson, P. Merlewith Curtis; Lucy R. Elbert Superintendent General ceremonies; of former Anderson, E. Minnie and Jensen C. Katie members; board the of Council the of Petersen E. Elder Mark Cannon; Grant members. board Scouts Petersen; Boy Mrs. and to the Mutual adviser and Twelve

(See -page 576 for M.I.A. Story.) of America; First Counselor Emily H. Bennett.

Y.W.M.I.A. camp session at Tracy Wigwam showed ingenuity Cookout at Tracy Wigwam for camp session.

and skill to the 450 who attended, June 10; games tested endurance.

Campfue scene on stage of Kingsbury Hall, University of Utah, part of speech festival, Friday evening June 12.

Scenes from drama festival, Thursday, June II, "Tragedy at

Winter Quarters."

Another scene from drama festival.

AUGUST 1953 Editors Page

(Concluded from page 566) Upon that truth rests the divinity of the Church to which you belong, for the Prophet Joseph responded to that inspiration and was guided by our Father and the others on hioho

With all my soul I commend you for the success you have achieved, you directors, superintendency and presidency, and members of the boards, and you who have traveled so many miles to receive guidance that your service may be more effective.

With all my soul I send greetings to the thousands of young men and women who are waiting for further instruction, and pray God's guidance to bless the M.I.A., the great Scout

movement, and every effort that contributes to the uplifting of youth, to the development of character, and to the establishing of a testimony in the heart of each of the truth of the restored gospel of Jesus Christ.

In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray that your success may continue.

These Times

{Continued from page 554) the P. B. O., the General Motors

Corporation headquarters, and Washington D. C. to function without papers

of any sort. Who knows? Maybe allm individuals and business firms and organizations will merely pay taxes or

file reports by dropping a simple IBM card or two into a slot in front of a

When you use Hexol you know your bathroom is really cathode tube, (convenientily located like the red mail boxes in Elizabeth's Britain, clean. It looks clean, it feels clean. You can even smell the and the green ones of the U.S. post

fresh fragrance of complete cleanliness when you office). We can say nothing here about what

banish germs with this pleasant germicide deodorant. the physical chemists will have done

to the world. But California will, by

Discover for yourself how easy and reassuring it is to clean 2016, present trends continuing, have outstripped New York and Pennsylwith Hexol. Use it to go over tub, basin and floor. Pour vania as the financial, industrial, and

cultural center of the United States.

a little in the toilet bowl. Then you'll know you've protected Utah and the mountain states will

have shared in the prosperity accomyour family with complete cleanliness. panying the continued rise of California.

Persons, who in 1953 bought mountaintops and desert flatlands in Utah, will have subdivided them and made money the pleasant selling them to the new residents of bathroom helicopterto the newsuburbia,Detroitwhoon commutethe shoreseitherof

Germicide Deodorant Utah Lake, or, to the new Rome of the

Pacific world, the supercolossal Los

Angeles of 2016. The Atlantic world,

w AT ALL DRUG COUNTERS meanwhile,on aspects of willits Mediterraneanhave tended predecesto take 588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sor as the Pacific age extends itself and as the multimillions of the Pacific basin revel in urban, atomic industrialization. Of course, there will be

problems. But what good is a coronation if one can't anticipate some of the HOME LOANS

wonders of the future as well as the pageantry of the past!

Utah's First Capitol FAST, FRIENDLY SERVICE (Continued from page 574) ernor Young delivered his annual message to the Assembly. On moLOW BANK RATES!

tion that 100 copies of the Daily printed, these be were Journal struck NO HIDDEN CHARGES! building. press in the off on a set up

The press was also ordered to print 1,000 copies of the Governor's MesMINIMUM LOAN COSTS!sage."

On the evening of the eleventh, "President Young and a party of leaders met in a large room of the

State House and dedicated it and consecrated it unto the Lord."

On Christmas day, the Legislative

Council held a session during the forenoon. At this the fifth annual ZION'S SAVINGS BANK

territorial session of the legislature, arnd Tku&t tfcmtfumy business, with other appropriations were made for the University of MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE Utah's First Chartered Savings Bank

Dcseret and a committee on education was appointed.

The assembly adjourned Jan. 9,

1856, to meet again in the TaberFor Dinner nacle in Salt Lake City. It had convened in the capitol at Fillmore only

one season. Fillmore was too far

from the center of population, making it inconvenient to transact business, and the distance to travel by team in the severest weather of the year was a risk to the health of officials.

So the building so painstakingly built, under trying conditions, was abandoned. Only the south wing

was ever completed. If President

Young's plans had materialized, what a magnificent structure it would have been, with wings to the east and the north, the west and the south, and a great central rotunda with a dome reaching toward the sky. It has been

called by many names—National

Hall, National Temperence Hall, etc.,

but the original name has remained.

It was used for nothing in particular for a while; then the community

awakened to its possibilities. The

rooms intended for offices of state were utilized for an endless variety of purposes: a theater, a ballroom, a

community banquet hall, etc. As the

"old meetinghouse"became unsafe

AUGUST 1953 589.

UTAH'S FIRST CAPITOL

(Concluded from preceding page) heroes repose there, but they restoreBuild the people worshipped there, and as in a measure the spirit of its official with.. thethe populationschoolhouse.increased,Many ofit thebecameacglory.After one hundred years of varied

tivities of the community had their usefulness, it has been restored to its setting there.

original style and stands a foursquare

The building had a shortlived monument to pioneer stability.

glory but a long life of usefulness. It

now houses the relics of a bygone day The humble but great souls who under the sponsorship of the Daughbuilt the State House have given us ters of Utah Pioneers, Millard Coun- a priceless heritage to preserve and ty Company. The bare vestments of cherish.

fand other = building materials Af czLlttle cJLeearnun9 Richard L. Evans

BlockBuehner Co* Buehner Blocks and Accessories It has often been observed that a little learning is a danger2800 South West Temple—Salt Lake City ous thing. And if a little learning is dangerous, surely

a little ignorance is also dangerous—and much ignorance

also. Both learning and ignorance are dangerous when accompanied by conceit. If we want some idea of how little

to of there begin is to know, what know need we with we into library look a large see only endless the almost andOtto Buehner & Co.

Mosai Stone Marble—Cast—shelves of books that no man in this life will ever have time Ave. Wilmington City 640 Lake—Salt

to read. We sometimes marvel that all men who ever

lived found time or reason to write them. There are literally

millions of titles in our own libraries. Add to these all the

9 DAYS other written works in all the libraries of the world; add to

these all that has been written and lost in all ages pastand we begin to have some inkling of an idea how little we know of what all men have thought or known, or have thought they have known. Then add to all this all there

is to learn that isn't to be found in books; and add all the

questions that no man can answer, all the things that no man can do, and we may begin to have some small idea of our need for humility. We marvel at the mind of man.

that things at the marvel made. have But men how TOUR We at intelligence the marvel and more should power much we

50 of him who made us in his own image, and who made so: *82 many things beyond the comprehension of the mind of man.

PLUS TRANSPORTATION a observed: cannot even Montaigne worm. As make We

2 SPECIAL 2 WEEK OR far fringe of truths so arc as children reaching on the We CRUISES ALL TO EXPENSE and profound that conceit of learning ill becomes anyone.

of the answers; we may think we know NovemberHAWAII17.... December 21 We may know some

is still so much that no man knows, MAKE RESERVATIONS NOW OR many more; but there

WRITE FOR FREE COLORFUL TRAVEL so much that all of us together do not know, so much which

FOLDER. USE COUPON we must accept in faith, so much which we shall find only

Please send me complete information on with faith. And those who are now leaving the halls of

G Mexican Tour Hawaiian Cruises learning, and those who yet remain within, would well hold

Name close to their hearts (as well as all of us) the simple scriptural

Address sentence: "walk humbly with thy God."1*

City.State

includes travel folder showing the high iMicah 6:8.

spots that you will visit during your *Revised.

tour.

UNIVERSAL PRESENTEDJke. SpokenOVER KSL ANDWordTHE COLUMBIAfrom templeBROADCASTINGsquare

TRAVEL SERVICE SYSTEM, JUNE 7, 1953

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE Copyright, 1953

Phone 5-6552 or 5-5924 Salt Lake City, Utah 590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MEN

N

Enlarged replicas of Utah Coppet The "iron men"of copper who help 20 and 30 year service pins. produce the everlasting metal are 888

in number.

They have served 20 or more years with

Utah Copper Division, Kennecott Copper

Corporation.

Of these 888 men, 310 have been members of the Utah Copper family for 30 or more years, and 578 men have served for 20 or more years.

Their combined total service is a staggering 25,760 years.

By helping to maintain an outstanding production record during peacetime and wartime, these "iron men"are a big factor in bringing to every section of our State the benefits of Utah Copper payrolls, tax benefits and supply purchases.

Because of their skill and energy, because of their ability to adjust successfully to many changes over the years in the mining and processing of ores, they have aided in Utah's progress. They have helped the future security of our State.

Their long careers with Utah Copper have helped to make a better living for us all today, and build for a greater tomorrow.

=7T Ju CopPer JKeanecott Copper Coipturation division

A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

AUGUST 1953 591 W&V>X3VN?vJ\3\3sJV>s9s3s3

yatn ei*5—an d the jc 55ina

Siim%mer$ an a S>eeadon5 Richard L. Evans

HPhe role of fathers seems traditionally to have been somewhat less associated with outward evidences of affection than some other roles have been. As between fathers and

sons, for example, there has sometimes seemed to be a kind of a code, not definitely defined, but which suggests some sentimental restraints. It does not altogether appear why

this should be so except that down through the centuries, fathers have traditionally played the sterner role, have borne the first burden of providing, and have, by occupation, been more removed from the close companionship of those for whom they have done their work and for whom they have lived their lives. It has long been apparent that one of the

grave weaknesses of our way of life is that too many fathers and too many sons have missed much they might have had in the matter of intimate companionship and of close understanding. The pressure and the pace that too many have

taken has cost fathers and sons some of life's most satisfying associations. The years go quickly, and sons soon depart

from the shelter of the home; and their going brings with

it a sense of the years, of the summers and other seasons, that might have been lived in closer companionship. And

not only do fathers feel the loss of the passing summers and seasons, but the children also: some sooner and some later

in life, as they arrive at an awareness of things that could have been done, of things that should have been said especially as they face their own responsibilities and their own problems in rearing and providing for a family. And

in their own time and generation, they learn also that the sincere thoughtfulness of a worthy son, the earnest appreciation of a worthy daughter, are rich compensation for fathers

We Bind Your somefor alltwentyfourthat they havecenturiesdone.ago,As"Whatit was greatersaid evenornamentso long. as..

to a father than a son's honorable conduct?"1 There are

IMPROVEMENT ERAS some deep and satisfying sentiments between a father and his family that need not be spoken; but neither should they

let issue Save us each convert and silent is a always remain day—but into them and handsome permanent should be merely one of many anddays—whenunsaid. Andsome thisthings yearly library. volumes your for

shown and said.

cost is just (f.o.b. The $3.00 per Salt volume

City). Lake to If necessary to mail them you 1Sophocles: Antigone, c. 450 B.C.

the following postage rates will apply.

Distance from Salt Lake City, Utah Rate "OL Jpoken)polzen l/l/ordWord FROM TEMPLE SQJJARE to miles 150 Up 29 BROADCASTING COLUMBIA AND THE PRESENTED OVER KSL to 150 miles 300 35 21, 1953 SYSTEM, ]UNE to miles 300 600 43 600 to 1000 miles 55 1000 to 1400 miles 70 1400 to 1800 miles 83 Over 1800 miles 97

Leave them at our conveniently located uptown office. SUNDOWN TO DISK

Deseret News Press By Alma Robison Highee

31 Richards St. Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone 4-2581 Theof goldburnishedsky sun in the blue wash Yourswifthandflightin my hand, we watched the of scarlet, embers bright Kindled fireflies fitful like candles; small Of IndustrialPlant- (1900 1605 Road them, left them where banked and West) Then

as softly the night hushed The was moment lie hills thistle 7-1584 CITY LAKE Phone -SALT

To make room for the first amber starlet. Came down in silverstarred sandals.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

3n itnfjorfefif fneseqg on pecf/ns to every

woman wfio mate jelly

WLYCERIDSUREJEIL

6smhU 10 GIVE YOU MORE NATURAL

FRUIT F1AV0R AND FRESHNESS!

Yes, Ma'am! Now you can make jams and jellies with all the glorious

flavor of fruit at its sunripened, "justpicked"best! And here's why:

Only Certo's or SureJell's exclusive formula gives you a oneminute boil. Yes, you boil fust one minute so you capture more of the natural

freshfruit flavor!

Furthermore, because Certo and SureJell are the only pectins coded for freshness, you know they're fresh... not the slightest chance

of their having been on the grocer's shelf for ages!

Taste the wonderful difference... whip up a batch today!

CERTO OR SUREJELL

Take your choice—a liquid or

powdered fruit pectin product!

Products of General Foods HOMEMADE JAMS AND JELLIES TASTE BEST... COST LESS!

AUGUST 1953 593 This is a continuation of the teacher's (c) Announced the doctrine of a. The Council of Chalcedon affirmed

supplements for the Melchizedek Priestcondemnation of the dead. that Christ had two natures.

hood lesson course for 1953. Helps for (d) Accepted the Council of b. Did he also have two wills?

previous lessons have appeared in preChalcedondoctrine). (Two Natures II. Monotheletism—the doctrine of "one

ceding months. (3) Influence of the emperor. a.will."View supported by Sergius, patriarch

Lesson XXX (a) Council followed the emperof Constantinople (610658).

all in its actions. or's views

b. Heracsupported Emperor by View TRIUMPH to OF "TWO NATURES"(b) Called the emperor upon lius (621). ORTHODOXY its enforce decisions.

in to gain support was (1) Purpose

Fifth Ecumenical Council II. Final fate of the Monophysites (One Nathe East.

ture). c. Bishop Honorius of Rome was won

Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church, a. Continued to exist as separate sects over to view.

Second Part, Lesson XXX under their own bishops. d. Doctrine of "one will"proclaimed by

b. Today found in Egypt, Syria, and emperor in an edict, the Ecthesis

Objective: Armenia. (profession of faith).

To show how political pressures rather e. Denounced by later bishops of Rome.

than divine guidance caused the triumph Step 2 III. Emperor Constans II.

of "Two Natures"orthodoxy. Following the outline, relate briefly the a. Sought reconciliation of East and

historical facts needed for a discussion. West.

Suggestions on Teaching Procedures:

(1) Withdrew the Ecthesis.

Step 1 Step 3 (2) Decreed the Typos, imposing sithe subject. lence on discussion Induce questions such by asking Place brief blackboard on the a outline as the following: b. Bishop of Rome, by Martin Opposed historical of to the be treated. material

exiled. and is condemned a. Is who there that guiddivine any evidence is following suggestive: The

ance was sought in determining the c. Supported by Bishop Vitalian of

Triumph of "Two Natures"Orthodoxy nature of Christ? Rome.

b. Is there any evidence that any new IV. Emperor Constantine IV.

I. Justinian's Religious Policy. revelation was received upon the sub- a. Supported Bishop Agatho of Rome in ject?

doctrine. will""two announcing a. early In reign supported he the c. the decision of reached because Was Chalcedonians Natures). b. Sixth Council. Called (Two Ecumenical existing revelation?

conviction. persona] His (1) Christ decided Council two (1) had d. of did the reasoning men lead Why of to doctrines Use (2) win political wills.

to in believe of natures them two of the support West.

c. of council signed canons Emperor Christ?

b. of part takes Latter reign Justinian of asks to confirm pope and Rome

conciliatory position. Step 4 them. This marks the end of the

(1) Influence of wife, Theodora. Christological controversy.

Summarize the findings of the class hour.

(2) Replaced the Chalcedonian bishStep 2 with the deacon op of Rome

Vigilius stipulation that Step 5 Assignments: with the Following the outline, bring out the hishe favor the Monophysite docArouse interest in reading the next lesson torical account on the establishment of the

trine. by leaving with the class a question such "two wills"doctrine.

(3) Edict of the Three Chapters. as the following:

(a) Condemned three writers If, as the Christians of the sixth century Step 3

Christ claimed, natures, did had two he most'to the objectionable class discussion Induce by using such wills, also have a divine a two huand Monophysites.

following: the questions as will? to learn Lesson Read (b) five patriarchs Sent to for man XXXI

their signatures. what happened in Christendom concern- a. Why did the announcement of "two

lead to confusion? natures"ing this problem. (4) Rome—his

false b. what premise were the On vacillating his conBishop Vigiliusconduct—andof based? arguments demnation.

(a) First favored Monophysitism. Lesson XXXI c. What New Testament teachings were

(b) When Rome was under the ignored in the Christological controOstrogoths, Vigilius refused MONOTHELETISM versy? The following are examples:

sign the to the Edict Three of is the Jesus Son (1) Text: L. Barker, of God—John James Divine Church, The Chapters. 14:28.

Part, Lesson Second XXXI gains Justinian again (c) When are offspring the of (2) God We Italy, control of Vigilius 17:2829. Acts Objective: Teaching again favors changes and

to I ascend Father (3) to and my the Christological controshow how To signs the publishes Edict and

Judicatum. versy came to an end and how "Two Nayour Father—John 20:17.

tures"and Wills"became the doc- "Two of Constantinople (Fifth c. Council Step 4 trine of the church. Ecumenical).

(1) How called: Suggestions on Teaching Procedure: Summarize the findings of the class hour.

(a) By emperor. Step 5 Assignments:

1 Step of refused to (b) Bishop Rome interest Arouse general in reading quorum it. take in part Place blackboard on the an outline of the lesson next leaving by a the members

of the council: historical (2) Work the matter to be covered. The as question following: the such

(a) Condemned the Three Chapfollowing is suggestive: of is the origin the doctrine of papal What

ters. infallibility? light In the of that doctrine Monotheletism

(b) Erased the name of Vigilius how can the inconsistency of the popes (bishop of Rome) from the I. Christological questions which followed be accounted for? Read Lesson XXXII for

diptics. the Council of Chalcedon: an account of such inconsistency.

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Priesthood

Lesson XXXII b. Do Latterday Saints believe their C. The dogmas developed without the guidprophets to be infallible? ance of revelation and the testimony of

BISHOP HONORIUS AND PAPAL c. The Prophet Joseph Smith said that the Spirit.

INFALLIBILITY when he spoke under the influence 1. Those who met in council depended

of the Holy Ghost he was speaking upon reason:

Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church, the mind and will of God, but that a. They were without a church head.

Second Part, Lesson XXXII when he spoke without that influ- b. The existing reports of the councils

ence he was but a man and liable show that doctrines were decided

Teaching Objective: to the same mistakes of judgment by debate or by force.

that point does other men. How the inconsistency show To creeds are compromises. D. The the of the claim asof inconus keep view from infallibility of of the pope.""the doctrines concerning the Father 1. The sistencies Catholics the in which

Suggestions on Teaching Procedure: thefoundPopethemselvesHonorius?over the case of tweenand thetheSononewereGod compromisesof Jewish andbebeliefs and the three Gods of pagan

Apostle the Paul claim Step 1 d. Did Testament. infallithe New bility? between he distinguish Did

Place on the blackboard an outline of the "voice of God"and "the opinion 2. The doctrines concerning the incarnathe historical material to be covered. The of Paul"? tion are compromises.

following is suggestive: 3. The creeds come from ecumenical or

Step 4 general councils called for the very

Bishop Honorius and Papal Infallibility purpose of bringing warring factions

Summarize the findings of the class hour. together.

1. The Roman Catholic claim of infalliThe summary found at the beginning of

bility for the popes. the lesson might be reread. E. The creeds were formulated in an atof intolerance and selfish commosphere a. Earliest enunciation of the doctrine.

bat. Step 5 Assignments:

(1) Bishop Agatho (678681) an- 1. The councils were called to settle vionounces the "apostolic church Encourage the reading of the last lesson lent controversies.

deviof Peter, can never the class which with in by leaving the manual dictated doctrines arrived at were a 2. The

is truth."ate the from following question. challenging The favored by political by those who were

suggestive: of infallibility of the "the b. Dogma power.

last at the proclaimed pope"Is it leaders for possible council a of church to exercise of force necessary was 3. The of (Council the Council, Ecumenical of set forth the to the church what of doctrine. the insure any triumph

1870. the in Vatican is to shall be? members beliefsWho deter- 4. docof churches supremacy and The

is? the true doctrine mine what of inconsistency of the the 2. Evidences as trines orthodox determined was by

doctrine of infallibility with Catholic Roman emperors guilty of the worst history. crimes.

a. Early instances of inconsistent and Lessons XXXIII AND XXXIV

positions contradictory on doctrine CAN ONE HAVE CONFIDENCE IN THE F. Theare mysteries.doctrines imposed on the Church taken by bishops of Rome.

(1) Bishop Vigilius (see text, p. 180CREEDS?

181). Text: James L. Barker, The Divine Church, Step 2

b. Bishop Honorius anathematized for

heresy. Second Part, Lessons XXXIII and XXXIV membersFollowingto givethe examplesoutline, callunderuponeachquorumhead-

(1) By councils. Teaching Objective: ing.

(2) By the emperor.

so course year's the summarize To as to Step 3 into explain c. Attempts away the are creeds that the Christian manshow of the doctrine consistency with discussion Induce gospel by asking such quesas to the guides unreliable and made

fact. historical tions as the following: Christ. of Jesus

(1) Explanation by Jacquin. a. Can truth be determined by compro-

(2) Explanation by Baronius. Suggestions on Teaching Procedures: mise?

(3) Explanation by Melchior Cano. b. Could the guidance of the church by

(4) Explanation by PouletRaemers. Step 1 immoral emperors lead to divine sanction? of of inconsistency d. Admissions Doctopics Outline the blackboard on the

is to freedom worship trine. God acto c. Why is discussed. following suggestive: be The

to dictates cording of conscience the inof attacks doctrine Bossuet (1) for life? religious necessary a real fallibility historian). (Catholic in the Confidence Creeds? One Have Can

religious d. are imposed dogmas When of inSchaff attacks doctrine (2)

re- a people, is the inevitable on what A. The divine church of Christ was founded fallibility historian) (Protestant

on revelation. sult? (The strong are eliminated, and

Step 2 1. Jesus did only what he had seen his the weak are made hypocrites.)

Father do before. e. What are the dangers in speculating on

outline, the bring Following out the hisdoctrinal the matters about which instructed revelaPeter that was upon facts torical a discussion which upon can 2. little or has revealed Lord nothing? tion his church. Christ build would rest. the in science mysteries do and 3. Missionaries called f. How out were sent when

differ religion true the mysteries from Spirit. the by Step 3 creeds? of the

the ceased Apostles when discussion Induce by the use of such ques- B. Revelation there "witnesses"during were no Why

gift of the were killed Holy g. and the tions as the following: of councils? the period the

a. Flow would the contemporary memGhost was lost.

bers of the church be able to decide 1. The last revelation to the world *Note: Two periods are to be devoted to

at the through came John infallible "the between HonorPope close of this permits, material. If time each memfirst the century. ius"the succeeding immediately and

to ber of give be asked might the quorum "infallible "infallible 2. popes"acceptance and the of baptism performed The

councils"which condemned Honorwithout authority resulted in a loss expression concerning the value of studying ius? of the gift of the Holy Ghost. the history of the Christian Church.

AUGUST 1953 595 The Presiding

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 Senior Members

Ordinations to Be Performed Promptly "Expect"More and Yon /\ne of the features in our work most 3. Sixtytwo percent of all priests unWill Receive More in need of immediate and constant der 21 are not advanced to elders at

nineteen. during the However,attention is the matter of ordaining next,rPHERE is a power of persuasion in "exyear, fiftynine percent sixtytwo of the teachers, deacons, priestsworthy and

according to the age schedule recompercent are advanced to elders. pecting."The group adviser who

his that bishop expects knows him to that some havemended. of may male Worthy members We realize

senior visit the of the Aaronic members of rendered themselves adunworthy should deabe ordainedthe Church cons at twelve, teachers at fifteen, vancement in the priesthood when they Priesthood will work hard to keep from disappointing him. secretary The who age. the properpriests However, at seventeen, when be reach and should

feels trusted he is that and he is expected are of those not most advanced on time to elders for ordinationrecommended to his reports have accurate and on year, during ordained the followingat nineteen.

we are left to conclude that leadership time will put forth the necessary effort

Danger in Delay is lagging behind the desired program to do so. The bishop or the group adWe cannot estimate the harm which tempo. viser who wins the confidence and inmay be done a worthy young man stils in the minds of the senior members

when ordination to, or advancement in, of the Aaronic Priesthood the feeling the Aaronic Priesthood is delayed beof trust, and who expects them to reyond the time when he knows it is his Bishopric to Perform spond to a given calling or activity, privilege to receive designated priestis not likely to be disappointed.

hood authority. Ordinations in the Willingness to magnify one's own

Why cannot ordinations within the calling, to align oneself with the proAaronic Priesthood be performed for Aaronic Priesthood gram of the Church, and to discipline time?the oneself worthy to young on Our men do of expected what is him other ordain While priests "may

is set against file guard suchprogram leaders, up to places by his in the him it priests, teachers, deacons,"and costly neglect or oversight if suggestions is recommended the bishop and strong position to expect these same are followed. his counselors, as the presidency standards of conduct from those over

We depend upon stake and ward of the Aaronic Priesthood in the whom he has been placed as leader.

leaders to follow the program. We ward, perform these ordinations. Creating this feeling in others is derespectfully urge that this part of our Worthy fathers who are priests veloped by careful planning, good teachattention be given immediatework and ing, close leaving and follow up, no or bear the Melchizedek who

close in followup the at all times for as to is expected doubt room what their sons ordain Priesthood may future. to and as a thing how, when, and why desire. so if they

Figures from Form E Priests, in their turn, may be is to be done. A careful checkup to see

invited to stand with the bishopthat instructions are understood and

Our apprehensiens grow out of the ric when ordinations in the followed is important. The sincere

following figures taken from Form E for Aaronic Priesthood are performed. expression of appreciation for a job well

1952: Standing in the circle will give done should not be neglected.

1. Thirtythree percent of all deacons the priest valuable training and The key to this understanding is found

under 21 are not ordained teachers at some experience even though he in being sure that what you expect fifteen. However, during the following does not ordain. is right and then in clearly saying what

twelve months, fiftyone percent of the you mean and meaning what you say.

thirtythree percent are advanced to teachers. 2. Thirtyeight percent of all teachers MILL CREEK STAKE, COMMEMORATES AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORATION

under 21 are not ordained priests at Approximately two hundred Aaronic Priesthood bearers and their leaders, celebrated the seventeen. During the following twelve restoration"This is theof Place"the AaronicMonumentPriesthoodin Emigrationin an impressiveCanyon sunriseMay 17. serviceManyconductedsenior membersat the

months, however, fiftyfour percent of of the Aaronic Priesthood attended the service.

the thirtyeight percent are advanced Those in attendance included M. Elmer Christensen, stake president, and Ray D.

to priests. Smith, counselor; Robert D. Maurer, chairman of the stake committee; bishoprics of wards

and other Aaronic Priesthood leaders.

Garth Eldredge, a priest, Mill Creek Second Ward, conducted the service.

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 Award Record for 1952 Survey of Monthly Reports Reveals Program Weaknesses

Reaches Alltime High We are happy to announce that, Ttems 11 to 17 in the monthly Aaronic receiving little or no attention in our as we go to press, (July 10), Priesthood report need attention. A program. Why?

the number of individual Aaronic survey of the seven items indicates there

Priesthood awards issued by the is considerable room for improvement. Absentees

Presiding Bishopric for 1952 has The following figures deserve careful Items 13, 14, and 15 reveal that our program the all records since broken living are boys from attention: being away home

1943. in begun was neglected bishoprics by Aaronic and

leaders felt our confident We leaders Priesthood in the of cormatter Overage are let us not down. would We respondence. Sixtyone of percent apgrateful

five proximately living thousand boys disclose that only 12 Items 11 and Priestappreciate our Aaronic We from letare not away receiving home of twelve percent than more loyalty and thirteen whose hood members their from leaders ward at home. teachers, deacons, and ters overage thousand estabto the contributed devotion

lishment of our alltime high of priests under 21 are being visited by Why?

13,865 awards earned in one year. Aaronic Priesthood leaders. This means

Unordained that eightyseven percent of them are

Items 16 and 17 indicate that of the

GRIDLEY (CALIFORNIA) STAKE more than four thousand unordained

COMMEMORATES AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORATION male members 12 to 21, only thirteen

Two hundred and sixty Aaronic Priesthood bearers and young women of correspondpercent are being visited by Aaronic at a banquet, for under 21 guests Aaronic Priesthood of the ing stake committee ages were leaders. Eightyseven percent

the Aaronic Priesthood of of the restoration anniversary the dancing, program, commemorating and of these young are going through men Priesthood.

The Y.W.M.I.A. prepared and served the dinner. life without the blessings of priesthood

This is a splendid example of the desired cooperation between our youth leaders in service if this record continues. Will it

Aaronic Priesthood and M.I.A. continue?

The Remedy

There is a remedy for every one of these symptoms of inattention or neglect.

The handbook for leaders of Aaronic

Priesthood Under 21 contains a complete outline of the best known treatments for these conditions. The program is useless unless it is followed

without interruption.

Another report will be forthcoming

EAST ENSIGN WARD, ENSIGN (UTAH) STAKE, on these features in our work. We pray

ONE OF TWO FIRSTS TO RECEIVE WARD AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AWARDS for a report of marked improvement.

East Ensign Ward, Ensign (Utah) Stake tied with the Yalecrest Ward, Bonneville (Utah) Stake to become the first wards in the Church to receive the coveted ward Aaronic Remember:

Priesthood award. Sixtythree percent of all Aaronic Priesthood under 21 qualified for

the Aaronic Priesthood individual award which is well above the fifty percent minimum "It is infinitely easier to save the boy required. than to retrieve the man."

AUGUST 1953 597 proudly, each step a moan, someIF YOU KEEP MY COMMANDMENTS times a prayer, but she walked with hands—the command- (Concluded from page 571) tired and sick, her mother stood up amentsstaff ofin God.her

feet that had carried her over a thoustraight and firm and said the Then there was the time when her sand mile trail, pulling a handcart in memorable words that have been husband asked her to accept the law the James G. Willie Company, he printed, like a crest, on my heart: of plural marriage. Not understandsaid, shaking his head: "I will take "If she dies, she dies with her feet ing this law, she at first refused. Bither feet off; one above the knee and on."Like embattled warriors, bearterness entered her heart. She felt

one below—then she will live for a ing the scars of the wars of adversity, she had endured all things, she could

little while. That is all I can do her feet, aching, burning, full of not endure more. In a rebellious

with feet frozen as black as that."constant pain and discomfort, took spirit she sought the highest priestWhen she cried, being young and her through life, and she walked it hood authority she knew and asked

him to let this cup pass her by. He

said: "Mary, this is not my choosing.

It is a commandment of God."She

walked home, under the stars, knowing she would be able to endure all Build Better things.

and weJustinducedbeforeherher toeightiethgo to a birthday,photographer and have her picture taken.

We added just a few touches: a new SAVE lace collar to her old black dress, her

with whiteface, herhair glassesframingaddingher kind,impressivewrinkled ness to her slightly upturned nose.

Later, when we showed her the picBRICK ture, she failed at first, to recognize herself. Her comment was: "My,

she's a big woman, isn't she?"

"That's you, Grandmother,"we said.

Her hands trembled. Her dim eyes

gazed into the face of a majestic looking woman, queenly in features and poise, it so whose great soul wasFor -<&** gave the impression statof a great

Lasting Beauty ure.

at low cost in the construc- "Do I look like that?"

tion of a church, a school, a "You do,"we all chorused.

home or almost any other "I did not know life was doing structure, there is no buildthat to me."

ing material to equal the And she, who had rarely looked performance of Brick. into a mirror because she had never

littleBeautiful face brick for a Compare the advantages of brick: had time, and who had had so

spacious five - room home the low cost of construction, the in life, dropped her head and wept can be obtained for as little fire safety, the permanent beauty, because she was beautiful.

as $290. versatility of construction, low... if you keep my commandmaintenance. Roman and Norman ments and endure to the end you

brick now available. There is no shall have eternal life,..."(D. & C.

substitute for this aristocrat of 14:7.)

building. In her last sickness we crept into

Companion clay products include: her room. She looked up and smiled.

Vitrified Clay Sewer Pipe that will "I can see you so plain. It is lighter

last forever and Flue Lining that than it used to be, I suppose. And

offers maximum fire protection. just think, my feet don't hurt! I

guess I have conquered those feet at

Craftsmen in Clay last."

Later, there was a smile on her face as she rested in her casket, and

I looked upon her peaceful countenance and knew that she had enOffice: 1078 South 1st West Salt Lake City 8, Utah Phone 3-2763 dured and conquered—Mary Hurren

Wight had eternal life.

598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THIS IS OUR SON (Continued from page 581) prayers—even little ones about knew before the words were spoken

it was true. He had that his prayer had been answered. With an angry gesture he scooped money. And

the money into his hand and thrust no choice but to finish the story. "Here you are, kid,"his manager

it into his pocket; But one coin es- "Well, Danny,"he said, "this is had said, "you earned it."It was

caped and rolled under the bureau what happened."He went on rebonus money—a commission for havwith a mocking jingle. luctantly, hating the light he kindled ing entered more new subscriptions

in his recalled boy's eyes the as he last three in the months than any it. knelt for looked and down He

ago. prayer been It had paper. the a other with boy wasn't He it penny. gruntedThere Dan was—a for prayer humble all surprised at to see that the check of longmoney—a it Still as out. kneeling, he he drew

it asked only because he wanted his route in gave the him was man prayer—he it itpicked in his held hand, and up

to give something to Jenny. amount of five dollars, for the factstudying it absently. It wasn't very

early the next day his was that even then the miracle hadold—1930. Lincoln, though slightly And when

tarnished, was noble still in profile. route manager came to see him, he (Continued on following page)

And there above his head were the words by which the great man had lived.... "In God We Trust."

Right then, simply, he knew he couldn't do it. Probably he had

known it all along. There was no

joy in this recognition, only quiet acceptance. He would tell Jenny.

She wouldn't laugh at him—she was

too kind for that. But he would feel

her scorn and pity, and his heart would break. Still, he couldn't spend

the Lord's money, not even for Jenny.

He told her that night as they sat in the swing on her front porch.

There seemed to be no easy way to do it, so he just blurted it out, knowing that his voice was belligerent, but not being able to help it.

There was no way to explain it to her—he didn't even understand it

himself. But he knew that if he

sacrificed even a part of his faith for

Jenny, he would be slowly killing that something in him that made him love her. So he told it all, even about

the penny and the words like a halo over the head of Abraham Lincoln. 9a, Jhitu yvjVL Wdmsl?

There was silence in the warm night, 'the pinpointed stars stopped twinkling while young Dan waited IT COULD BE! At the beginning of school next

for Jenny to speak. And when he autumn about 2200 students will reside in dormicould wait no longer, she turned to tories and apartments on the Brigham Young Unihim, her hazel eyes misted with versity Campus. The students above are relaxing

tears. "I'm glad, Danny,"was all

she said. in the living room of one of the sixteen new women's

apartment buildings, one of the finest campus resi- 'T'he years rolled back into place, dence developments in the nation. B Y U is the

and Dan stood with his son by fastest growing university in the West, but there an irrigation ditch. is room for you at your Church school. Write the

"Go on, Daddy,"said the boy; registrar for information.

"what happened next?"

The man was silent. How should

he answer? He had given his son

this gift out of the past, yet the boy {BhiqhmvL yawiy, lAniv&JiAih had been blind to it, waiting as he was to hear of a miracle. Still, he PROVOUTAH

had told his son that God answered IHWfflM

AUGUST 1953 599 Y

is Is Our Son (Continued from preceding page) been dimmed by the greater miracle

FINE CHAPEL SEATING of Jenny's understanding heart.

The story finished, he looked at his son, searching the fresh young face, hoping still for some sign that the miracle had been seen and wondered at.

The boy let out his breath in a sigh. "Boy,"he said happily, "God

really does answer prayers."

.Specifications A.B. A1KLIFT afl Dan's heart, already heavy with back; cotton veneer above m-lth

padded. foreboding, sank at these words. Now

1 his son would pray for pennies from heaven and expect God to drop them in his lap. He wanted to speak, to

say, "No, Danny, he doesn't—not

always just the way we want."He

wanted to say, "Some things are more important than money, son things like love, and honesty, and.\o. I A.B. \irlif l. faith."

But it was too late. The words

died unspoken in his throat. Sadly

>.. 1 AIRLIFT S|i-.-lfl<-ili>n he turned away, carrying his shovel

exception the with above back. plywood that The AMERICAN DESK Airlift Auditorium Seat deserves as though it had grown heavy with this chair has

your attention—consult your ZCMI Representative the afternoon's work. He waded

when you furnish or refurnish yourchapel. ZCMI through the ditches and closed the

will gladly show you the magnificent beauty and confloodgate, not calling to the boy who struction features of these chairs—write, wire or stood quietly with his hoe.

telephone! Fabrics and finish to match your chapel

interior. Aisgivings flourished in Dan's heart

like the weeds in his garden.

He had turned the garden over to

Danny, hoping that the responsibility would bring the boy a little faster to ZCMI SCHOOL and OFFICE maturity. But something was wrong.

SUPPL Even the chance to sell some of the

AIRLIFT asPADabovethis FltionsIXthat withhasplate.theSpecificafullexcep-pad 57 SO. STATEPhone 3-1575ST. - SALTExt. 442LAKE CITY producemake the forboypockettake hold.money failed to chairkick tionsteel with back

He was willing enough; Danny

had never been sullen or ungracious.

It was one of the many things about him that his father loved. But day

after to day come home Dan would c4 CENTURY OF the carfind the overrunning weeds rots, the ground still hardpacked

Is there an around the corn.

Then one afternoon Danny forgot te&&\ the water turn until the last fifteen

Write for information minutes, and Dan felt he had on type of organ reached the end of his patience. That Improvement Era

in which you night the boy came to the table with are interested. a soiled bandage adorning a finger.

Library Hisa hintfatherof sarcasm.mentioned it casually, with

"Worked your finger to the bone,

I guess."in your home? PIPE ORGANS REED ORGANS To his amazement, the boy stam-

;s. mered and flushed. "Oh, it's nothing. Guess I was careless."

ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT. This gave Dan the opening he

600 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA needed, so he lectured the boy, accusing him of indolence, letting his voice grow harsher than he really &BB7 Wawmeant it to be. He took a kind of

guilty pleasure in the boy's stricken look, not understanding why, but feeling vaguely that in wounding his son he was punishing himself as (Ojurcl) %ws'well.

August ripened into September, and then suddenly, as if all the years that had gone before had not been Weekly Report to You thirtysix wasleading up to it, Dan matof Church Activities Throughout the World never Birthdaysyears old. had

he totered him much—sometimes all on reading instructive this have should home Every LDS difficulty remembering howeven had instrucofficial it you brings week Every Church. of the phases

this welfare year was he reports, But old was. he conference authorities, general the tion from

all of from news and messages editorial inspirational of his activities, acutely aware The world age—painfully the throughout auxiliaries and branches wards, the at his son and so, he looked when otlicers. for reports important gives Page Bishopric's Presiding

years long the in all that realized its influence into your home. and News"the "Church Bring he had them that lay between information. below now for the coupon not Mail

found the wisdom to guide the boy more surely.

"Cl)urcl) %ws"KNOWLEDGE 143 South Main Sf. Salt lake City 1, Utah

Please send me subscription information on the

By Elaine V. Emans "Church News."

.......... Name

I was young, I thought that courWhen—age went Address

With a shout upon the lips and banners high. City State

I thought possessing courage always meant

That one could very easily defy because, approached enemy Whatever hearas a such a thing Is there no had he armor, shining the Wearing in the anything aid without was ing he I thought uncertainty. Fear nor

Impregnable to much of grief or woe. ear... or without ANY sort of

1 Jtfi attachment to the head? Can I

But now I know so well there is another *ZJP get an aid that doesn't need

Courage of quietness, and such was yours, batteries? Is there a hearing

Day in and day out, bannerless, my mother. aid I can wear so that NO ONE will

And now I know the spirit that endures know I am hard of hearing?

far is braver unendurable The are vital questions other many and These shouting often flags and those with Than booklet: "What in a new FREE answered HEARING

are. Should Know."User Aid Hearing Every

DON'T BUY TILL YOU HAVE READ The most crippling aspect of his IT!your Mailfree copy.or bringNo obligation.coupon in today for problem was that he didn't know AID USER

If he blame. the to place where ---------1 SERVICE HEARING - MAICO son, of his too much was expecting Salt Lake Bldg., City, Utah | Judge 664 then he himself was at fault. But if, SHOULD. Send my free copy of "What Every

on the other hand, his demands and Hearing Aid User Should Know"to expectations were reasonable, then Name &No | the boy's failure to meet them seemed St.

Stfe City to Dan to offer even more conclusive proof that he had failed as a father.

So on this birthday he took his problem to work with him and worried over it through the day. Later, You and your friends

at home, he prayed silently about it while he pretended to read. will want the many outstanding features

Dinner was a special affair that in coming issues of night in honor of his birthday.

Usually Dan's real enjoyment of such The Improvement Era family festivities came in watching the children's excitement. But toThere is an Era representative in every

night, though he tried not to mind, ward and branch (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1953 601 This Is Our Son

(Continued from preceding page) the fact that Danny came running in late to the table seemed to take from him even that pleasure.

But after dessert the smile he had forced to his lips grew a little more relaxed and genuine. Maybe tonight

he and Danny could get back the old 6ET THESE feeling of understanding and comradeship. So he pretended great surprise at the gifts laid at his place, HELPS WHEN covertly watching Danny for a trace

of interest or enthusiasm.

It was no use. The boy's eyes YOU SEE seemed to be windows of an empty

house—his mind was a million miles

away. But Dan, mustering a gaiety

he didn't feel, fussed with the wrapUTOCO-LAND ping and exclaimed over the small'gifts the children had chosen with their mother's help, pointedly ignorTHIS summer ing the fact that Danny had nothing to say.

New Free Booklet "Highway Adventures"pleasureHe hadwhenone hemomentopened ofthe genuinepresent

This booklet proved so popular last year that we have published his wife had given him and found a new 1953 edition—even more complete than the previous it was a Church book he had long

issue. A wanted. thinking how He smiled, this in your copycar—foris yourssuggestionsfor the asking.on weekYou'llend tripsappreciateand vacationshaving well the years him through she knew in UtocoLand.

of their marriage. Their glances met

New Free Fishing Calendar as he thanked her, and his heart

This shows the best days for fishing. It's based on the moon warmed at the love in her eyes.

and its phases and is in handy pocket size. It may add to your But it chilled quickly again, for

fishing fun. Danny, preoccupied to the last, excused himself and disappeared.

Superior Products and Service So the dishes were cleared away,

Before going on your trip, drive in to your neighborhood Utoco and Dan read to the youngsters, not dealer for complete car service. Everywhere in UtocoLand, really noticing what he was reading

you'll get superior Utoco service and products. but thinking of Danny with both

anger and grief.

Then the children kissed him good night and were whisked away upstairs. Dan, feeling alone and shut

in with his thoughts, brooded silently wm, utoco! in the living room. He knew he

would have to talk to his son; his

despair too overchagrin and were J UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY to longer. suppress whelming any

But now, on his birthday, what could he say that wouldn't sound petty insincere? and EXTRA MONEY!! For inspiring, faith - promoting MAKE At last he heard Danny's footsteps cards, Sell beautiful Christmas reading

gift items etc. coming up the basement stairs. Dan

No experience, No age limit, No bosses, rose from his chair and laid down still unopened and unread. In the Ask about "TEMPLENo quotasSTATrONERY"—theto meet stationery his book,

created for L.D.S. gift as members an ideal for He knew Danny had come into the

Missionaries, officers. Servicemen and Church All

temples available. deliberately room, but he bewaited Gospel Net Write today for complete information. to fore turning to partly face him,

Big Profits—up to 100% impress the boy, partly because he By Dr. John A. Widrsoe was praying silently but urgently for

At All Church Book Stores Service Greeting Card Co. guidance and understanding.

4937 So Durfee Rd. Pico, California So when he turned at last, he was

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA surprised by the radiant look on the boy's young face. Over Danny's

head he looked at his wife who stood EDUCATION ENVIRONMENT I RELIGION in the doorway, smiling.

He looked again at Danny who was moving toward him, holding The beautiful and spacious Institute o something in his outstretched hands. Religion, staffed by some of the most able

"Happy birthday, Daddy,"the boy teachers in our Church, provides L.D.S.

said, his voice eager and pleading. students a wonderful opportunity to make

For a blank moment Dan felt religion a strong part of their higher frozen, unable to move or speak. education at the University of Utah.

Then shame and gratitude swept over him, leaving him so shaken that he Your State University offers a strong was silent still. When at last he L.D.S. environment and opportunities and

found words, his voice was husky advantages for education that can be in his ears and his eyes stung. matched at no other school in America.

"Thanks, Danny,"he managed to Fall Term—Registration for the fall

say, "thank you, son."It was a quarter is scheduled Sept. 24 and 25.

gunrack, crudely fashioned, but unLast day for taking entrance examinations mistakable. He took it carefully in is Sept. 22. Classwork will start Sept. 29.

his hands, blinking away the foolish tears, wondering how he could possibly find words lyrical enough for the song in his heart.

"I didn't think I could make a gunrack, Daddy,"his boy was saying, "so I was going to buy you one. But

I didn't have enough money."

Money! And he had thought his

son was spoiled. Dan writhed at the

recollection. "Nothing could be nicer

than this, Danny,"he said. And it

was true. The homemade rack spoke

mutely of the painstaking care with which it was fashioned. That much,

anyone could tell. But only Dan

could recognize the offering for what it really was—the gift of an understanding heart.

So with the bittersweet knowledge. '''.'.,,'::. '...;

swelling within him, Dan heard his For complete information and catalogue, write...

son say, "Remember what you told me about the penny? Well, I just OFFICE OF THE PRESIDENT

decided to trust in God. So I wentahead and made the gunrack. And UNIVERSITY DF UTAH

He helped me."The young voice Salt Lake City, Utah

deepened and grew husky. "God

really does answer prayers."

"Yes,"Dan said quietly, "yes, Son, does."to sayhe He tried

Instinctively his heart too full.found more but Ever think what would happen if ')

he turned to his wife and saw through the blur of tears that her hazel eyes fire were to lay waste your home J were moist like his own.

See the friendly Agent of the In that moment, humbly, but with great joy, he knew! He knew now UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

what these two he loved had always in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your

true with wasknown—as...

of soul it is with the man-—allpennies,thingsso policies. Or see

work together for good when in God HEBER J. & CO. GRANTwe trust. Agents General

Finally he spoke. "Jenny,"he said, 20 South Main—Salt Lake City

"Jenny, this is our son."

AUGUST 1953 603 IRIS PARKER Editorlodavs ramily

Storing for a Time of Need

SIN"CE pioneer days, members of the it might be well to heed the counsel such as sugar, salt, syrup, honey,

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterof Elder Mark B. Garff of the genmacaroni, rice, beans, and soap.

day Saints have been counseled eral welfare committee to "prepare for Nonfat dry milk powder may be by their leaders to have a year's sup- a famine, not a feast."Store simple, stored safely for several months if

ply of essential foodstuffs in reserve. nutritious, staple foods that your famkept in a moistureproof container.

More recently it has been urged, in ily enjoys. In many instances they However, in time it may absorb odors.

addition, that Church members have will be products from your own Soap should never be stored in close a supply of clothing and, if possible, garden, preserved in your own kitchproximity with sugar, powdered milk, fuel to last for at least a year. The en. or other foods that will absorb odors.

First Presidency has made it clear It has been found that canned In regard to wheat, one of the imthat in case of any emergency, we foods, such as peas, corn, string beans, portant basic foods to store, the genshould be prepared to assume our peaches, pears, apricots, and meats eral welfare committee has suggested own responsibility and not expect can be stored safely from one to for some time that dark hard winter the Church to make this provision three years, if kept in cool, even wheat (Turkey) or dark hard spring for us. temperature storage. Fruits with pits, or Marquis wheat are varieties with

such as cherries and plums, should qualities that make them most ideal

The central organization of the not be stored for more than a year. for storage. A highgrade wheat

Church itself has many storehouses in When food is stored, obviously the should be selected, number two or which have been collected quantities older stock should be used first. better, which means that it will weigh

of food, clothing, fuel, drugs, bedding, Families should also be encouraged not less than 58 pounds to the bushel.

furniture, and construction materials. to consider carefully their needs for Protein should be from ll.50 or 12.50

It is hoped that in the event of flood, root vegetables, such as potatoes, percent. Your storage wheat should

famine, or other calamity, a major carrots, and turnips. These can be be cleaned for human consumption

depression, or even atomic warfare, stored from season to season in cool and free from smut and foreign matethat the Church membership will be cellars with dirt floors or in pits rial. It is important that the moisture

provided with the physical necessiwhich must be properly ventilated. content be less than 10 percent. Inties. However, these supplies at the There should be provision for items sects are unable to reproduce in clean

bishops'storehouse would last only a few days if everyone in the Church made demands at once. Thus, the

only way we could meet an emergency, if one should arise that is widespread, would be for every family to have sufficient on hand for its own needs.

The general Church welfare committee receives requests from members of the Church for counsel about storing food in their own homes for their own use. The committee desires to make no specific recommendations. Requirements of people in a

free country like ours are so varied that the preparation of a list of what to store would not be practical. Storage conditions in different parts of

the Church vary greatly, and general storage instructions will not apply to all wards and stakes alike.

In planning your storage program,—Monkmeyer Photo

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA grain with a moisture of 9 percent or below. Containers should be substantial enough to hold the weight of

the grain, protect it from rodents and insects, and should be moistureproof.

Concerning the quantity of wheat to store, this will vary according to individual needs. An active person

will require more than an inactive one. As a guide, however, one year's

requirements will vary from 70 pounds a year for children to 300 pounds for an adult. Of course this refers only

to bread, cereal, and other normal requirements. If circumstances cause

wheat and wheat products to become the principal diet, the amount required for each individual would be proportionally increased.

It perhaps would be advisable to arrange for some means of grinding the wheat, should an emergency arise. There are many small home

grinders on the market, any of which should prove adequate for your needs;

or perhaps there is a grinder in your community or neighborhood that could be utilized.

Information about storage conditions and length of time various foods can be stored in different parts of the

Church may be obtained from local county agents, home demonstration agents, state colleges, or those professionally engaged in the food business.

It is now the harvesttime of year, and Church members are encouraged to take inventory of supplies on hand, take steps to increase the amount if necessary, and certainly replace the stock that has been depleted during the course of the year.

Too, it might be well for the L.D.S.

housewife to think ahead to the time when she might have to depend entirely on the stock of food in her AND HERE'S A TIP THAT WILL SPEED storehouse for the sustenance of her family. There should be nothing to YOUR HOUSEHOLD CHORES

fear if there is an adequate supply of staples and a variety of canned fruits, vegetables, and meats on her storehouse shelves, fresh vegetables in the When cleaning woodwork or windows, always use root cellar, and clean, wellpreserved two Boyco pails—one for soapy water, one for rinse

wheat on hand. It should be poswater. Choose the sizes handiest for your needs from

sible to provide not merely adequate Boyco's complete line of rugged, rustresistant pails.

meals, but appetizing ones, as well;

for example, there are delicious See BOYCO's complete line of household worksavers at your cereals, breads, and desserts that can hardware or department store be prepared from whole wheat flour. UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS

The following recipes, tested and DIVISION recommended by the Utah State Ex5100 Santa UNITEDFe Ave., LosSTATESAngeles,STEELCalif.CORPORATION 1849 Oak St., Alameda, Calif.

tension Service, cooperating with the

United States of AgriculDepartment S T (Continued page) UNITED on following

AUGUST 1953 605 STORING FOR A TIME OF NEED

(Continued from preceding page) sure cooker at 10 pounds pressure for ture, require staple, rather easily preabout onehalf hour.

served ingredients, and whole wheat flour only. Keep them on file for Popovers

future reference. 2/3 cup whole wheat flour

l/4 teaspoon salt 2 eggs Whole Wheat Bread and Rolls 2/3 cup milk 1 teaspoon melted bacon fat 2 1/2 cups scalded milk l/4 cup brown or white sugar or l/3 Set your oven at 450 before you cup molasses start. Melt bacon fat. Grease 8 or 10

3 tablespoons butter or other fat custard cups or a deep muffin pan. Sift

1 tablespoon salt whole wheat flour onto piece of paper.

compressed or packages 1 to cakes 2 bowl. flour into a of the cup Measure JAMS % YOUR CAN MAKE NOW! YOU yeast* active or dry 2 salt. Beat Mix. teaspoon Add I/4 BOILING! COOKING OR WITHOUT flour, whole wheat (or more) cups 7 Beat until foamy. bowl separate eggs in

Think Of Itl No more standfine or medium grind into eggs 2/3 cup milk and 1 teaspoon to stove hot a over ing in center fat. hole Make melted bacon

loss jam! more No make of Scald the milk and add sugar, fat, and gradually Stir mixture milk of flour. in your fruit flavor iresh

salt. cool to 85 F. (slightly minto the... many Then due jam well just to flour. mix Beat into

it to bring of cooking utes cooler temperature) than body cups greased cold into longer. Pour itand add no boil the boil, plus to a

self (no matter how short)! Amazing new the yeast, crumbling it as you add it. until twothirds full. Bake in oven for 15

M.C.P. perfected just by JAM AND method, flour to the milk. half the about to Add heat F. at 450 Reduce minutes oz.), and (3Vz more makes JELLY PECTIN

batter. this to it Continue beat Stir and before because longer. ever than minutes jam better 30 bake 350 F. and

thus boiling, and this cooking eliminates flour flour in the beat and to add Prick with cups. from at once until Remove flavor fruit fresh the "flavor ALL guarding"

is formed. dough a stiff.. Turn dough fruit it) less out. Serve. uses of steam to let (not just "more"sharp fork

for jam, yields more yet sugar, less and board. lightly floured bread Knead piping hot with butter. of onto pint get a is You away. cooked nothing

until is smooth lightly dough and evenly no use! And, fruit of you cup each jam for

to cool and for your jam for hours waiting blisters small show and elastic. When

jam uncooked M.C.P. the Pancakes "set"of shape the dough, the surface is beneath if desired. immediately, to.. eat. ready

greased in place ball into and dough sifted wheat flour whole cups P/2 light let rise until but bowl. and Cover FINE BELIEVE HOW WON'T YOU soda teaspoons 2

it for to have large quite enough not SOME! YOU MAKE sugar ARE UNTIL THEY teaspoons brown 2 to its use bulk. want You doubled may

salt teaspoons as a 3/4 test. soon As letter, touchof-thefinger the or a Postcard, 2c A beaten well eggs 2 M.C.P. KITCHEN the is ready the dough remains, barely dent Anaheim, fat toLABORATORY, bacon melted tablespoons 3 board and onto dough to mold. Turn bring will promptly Calif.,

(at buttermilk room temperacups 2 Specharge, a without in rolls. Place you, l/2 or loaves into mold

the containing Folder ture) from 86) to away (82 place warm M.C.P. new cialwonderful

recipes for making uncooked jams. These drafts. Let rise again until it is light

M.C.P. JAM with only used be recipes can sugar, and salt flour, soda, Sift brown in doubled quite it has until not but so oz.), are new (3V2 PECTIN JELLY AND fat eggs, bacon bowl. Combine into a recipe to try the regular in the not they're wish size. you Again may and special

Send package. Pectin the M.C.P. in folder dry with combine 400 buttermilk and at and Bake touchof-thefinger make can so you right... for away them strokes. a few Do not with ingredients lower this new marvelous or 20 15 for Peach Jam Fresh F. your minutes—thentest.

shortest, the find if You'll needed, way. milk, uncooked overstir. more time, 45 Add baking Total 375 F. to heat jam to make satisfactory wayit's most easiest, to just thin enough batter a loaves to make two Makes hour. to an minutes developed! ever

or one loaf and a pan of rolls. pour. Cook on heated griddle.

SO COOLING...SO REFRESHING Waffles

-AND, IT COSTS SO LITTLE! Cracked Wheat Cereal

Use same ingredients as for Pancakes

Lemonade Fashioned Old with 4 cups water except use only 2 cups buttermilk for in seconds... made

cup coarse No 1 JUICE. M.C.P. LEMON cracked wheat \]/2 cups sifted whole wheat flour.

fuss, lemons no no muss, salt 1 teaspoon single a to squeeze... and

makes nearly 2 small can of thirstquenching, quarts In the top of a double boiler, over Applesauce Cake

... lemonade wholesome the with water, the bring heat, direct M.C.P. glass. pennies a of only cost at a flour (unsifted) wheat whole 2 cups Sprinkle boil. to a rapid Califull-strength. salt added, is pure, JUICE LEMON

(double powder in Vitamin C. baking And juice, teaspoons 3 fornia lemon rapidly the into slowly cereal dry the contains JUICE M.C.P. LEMONrich remember, action) constantly. Cook stirring water, boiling benor dioxide (sulphur preservatives no

it's salt instant use, for teaspoon of soda)! Ready zoate complete then minutes, five to ten it for l/2

economical way convenient, the 1 cinnamon teaspoon over boiler double in the cooking for the hand on juice always lemon to—have pure

cloves cooking teaspoon jellymaking, and jam lemonade, water. Cooking time, about one!/4 uses. boiling its other home many and baking, and soda teaspoon Y% hour. M.C.P. the write Folder, free Recipe For a

nutmeg teaspoon Calif. presin a Anaheim, Laboratory, cooked also Kitchen be Cereal may Y2

JUICE, M.C.P. FROZEN (There's LEMON shortening cup I/3 will can yeast, stock it, he dough If doesn't of grocer 1 or package your too. cake (*With sugar finish. cup to With start it from hours six to for you.) four take get l/2 hours only take will 2'/2 dough packages, or cakes 2 eggs 2

finish.) to start from

Y2 cup molasses 1 cup thick applesauce (medium sweet) l/2 cup raisins Mix dry ingredients together—flour,

sugar, baking powder, salt, spices, and soda in the mixing bowl. Add the

shortening, applesauce, and molasses.

Beat for 2 minutes in electric mixer (or 300 strokes by hand does just as well).

Add the unbeaten eggs and beat another two minutes (or 300 strokes). Fold in

the raisins last. Pour into a wax or

brown paper lined pan and bake one hour at 350 F. When almost cold

turn out of the pan and remove the paper. Spread with caramel frosting

or sprinkle with powdered sugar.

Raisin Cookies

% cup brown sugar Y2 cup fat Y2 cup lightcolored molasses y2 cup hot raisin juice l/2 teaspoon ginger l/2 teaspoon cloves

l/2 teaspoon nutmeg l/2 teaspoon salt yA teaspoon soda 2 to 3 cups whole wheat flour 1 cup raisins l'/2 cups water l/2 cup nut meats, if desired Turn on oven to 375 F. Grease

cookie sheet. Rinse raisins. Then cover

in saucepan with l!/2 cups water. Bring

to boil and simmer 5 minutes. Measure l/2 cup raisin juice. (Save extra

juice for other use.) Cream fat and For inspiring, faith - promoting

sugar. Add molasses and hot juice. reading

1 of theMeasure wheat cup whole

Stirflour into into it a bowl. the In the Out of the Rockies

stories piofaith promoting short on salt, cloves,ginger, nutmeg, and soda.

stories, work, Indian missionary neering, raisins mixture. (and Gospel Net 80Add to first Add life real etc. are told by from The stories

nuts). Stir in just enough flour to make By Dr. John A. Widtsoe those who experienced them. Particularly

a dough that will hold its shape and At All Church Book Stores interesting and helpful to teachers and will not spread. on the cookie sheet speakers.

when you drop it from a spoon. Drop Price $3.50

one spoonful at a time onto the greased Forauthorspecialwrite autographed copy from the cookie sheet. Bake at 375 F. for 10

to 15 minutes, or until lightly browned. fa ewufCookies burn easily, so watch carefully. JOSEPH GRUE

Remove from oven. Cool on a rack. 1724 Childs Avenue Ogden, Utah

CO. COSTUME SALT LAKE cookies. 5 dozenMakes about

3-1031 St., Salt Lake City - Dial So. Main following page) 248 {Continued on

AUGUST 1953 607 STORING FOR A TIME OF NEED ANY WAY YOU page) preceding (Continued from broken cup pecans, walnuts, or FIGURE toasted almonds use chopped prunes You may NOTE:

instead of raisins in this recipe.

Brush two pintsize tin cans with oil;

Plum Pudding put pudding in cans and tie wax paper securely over tops; place in cooking

Sift into mixing bowl: utensil in water two inches deep; cover

utensil and boil slowly two hours. Serve

l ]/4 cups sifted whole wheat flour hot with hard sauce.

3/4 cup sugar Variations: Add l/2 cup of any one

1 teaspoon cinnamon or more of the following: chopped dates;

3/4 teaspoon nutmeg finely diced citron; dried currants; diced

2 teaspoons doubleacting baking raw apple or persimmon; ground dried

powder apricots or peaches; beat batter with 50

Y2 cup powdered milk strokes if more than 2 cups fruit are to % teaspoon salt be added.

Omit baking powder; mix 1 to 3

Add and stir well: packages or crumbled cakes of bakers'

yeast into ground vegetables; stir well

2 tablespoons molasses and set in a warm place while measuring KOLOB 1 cup each finely ground raw carrots other ingredients.

IS BEST BUY YOUR potatoes and Pudding: Date Omit raisins and nutwill the greatgive you Your AGENT KOLOB cup dates. raisins meg; add 2 cups chopped protection that 1 value for dollar dollar est

is possible. Policies covering every known

risk.... policies backed by strong stock

companies. More than 300 agents in Utah.

Idaho, Montana, Nevada.

FRANK SALISBURY, MGR.

330 Judge Bldg Salt Lake City

Let us sendyou A—Religious News Service Photo

by Iris Parker Monthto-

I were in my teens, girls, I would new pink dress. I would be a fragile Month If glory in my legacy of youth and blonde now and all my life. I must

I would not too Binder carefully—butbeauty. examineoften—inmyselfthe discreetlybars—but turnmy rewarddown maltswouldandbe candyme

mirror. I would smile, for what I willowy and trim—my clear white for your would see there would please me. skin.

Surely every girl is beautiful in this And selfconscious behind her

Improvement happylovelinesstimecomposedof life. ofShe abundantpossesses glassesBrush backis ouryourblackeyedhair, lovelySuzanne.one

energy, clear eyes, laughter, shiny nothing more must hide the intelliEra hair. gence that shines from your eyes.

Look in the mirror, sweet Marie. You are like a bright and slender

Attractive, Durable, Do you like what you see? No, you pixie, and your smile is your glory at

is a small hump on my seventeen. Convenient say—there

nose. But who glances at your nose? If I were thirteen or fifteen or

id One sees instead your lovely skin, nineteen, I would be always fresh sit clear eyes. blue your stand smile, and and would up Now neat—I pTs $200

tall. Marie. voice gentle, shoulders back your keep Throw I would my

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be proud you're tall. my smile frequent, my laughter soft

50 North Main Street If I were sweet sixteen like you, and from the depths of my happy

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Betty Ann, and blonde and beautisoul. I would wash my face gently

would buy a each night and guard my complexion ful—yes, beautiful—I

603 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

This lid goes

when your home canning's SAFELY SEALED *if HEAR IT! SEE IT!... Yes, hear this new *m Bernardin SAFETY SIGNAL telling you that

your home canning seal is safe.. doubly safe

because you see the depressed cap, and hear the Bernardin snap! You'll be amazed how

Snap Lids take the guesswork out of home canning... No more halfsure canning when

you "can by ear"with Bernardin Snap Lids.

Gomfxc&e. IkeAe QeaUto&i, wiik Any OtUe* id!

with soothing, smoothing lotion or LIVE SAFETY RINGS of latex built PACKED READY TO USE..Bercream. If braces would improve my righttight tointojartherimsBernardinfor high vacuumlid grip nardinback... lidsno aresticking...packedlidsbackto-slide

smile, I would not be too proud to seal. out ready to use.

wear them now. If I were in my LIDS TRIPLE COATED...food acid SNAP SIGNAL... Bernardin's new BerNAJH

teens, I would make my skirts and resistant white enamel, on tough Snap Lids tell you when the learn to bake a pie. Makeup, except gold lacquer on a heavy coating seal is safe with a distinctive

for a little lipstick, would not detract of tin. "snap!'

from my natural charm, though I just ask for Snap lids might accentuate my brows. Yes, if I were in my teens, I would BerNARdin 33 if

be happy and confident in the knowl- r*.GoodGuaranteedHousekeepingby w

edge of my beauty. If I lacked for CAPS AND SNAP LIDS

friendstion—amI mustI kind?ask myselfAnd young,the quesbut

wise in the secret of true and lasting loveliness, I would pray humbly with

Socrates of old, "O God, that I may be beautiful within."

SEWING LESSON

By Jane Merchant

She brought her sewing to me, My little girl, today, And eagerly awaited My leave to go and play.

So eager to be playing!

The seams were all askew.

How hard it was to tell her She must sit down and do

The work again, more neatly.

The needle pricked my heart With every stitch she took—

yet I bore the stinging dart that 5Q0d

To spare her later sorrow;

For I, who love her best MORNING Must teach her now that careless work BY THE MAKERS. MILK Will never meet life's test. MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS

AUGUST 1953 609 Saves All Your J\now Lyour <=JL. <=>&. *3. Lookd

Starching Time!

Starchrinse method Food From the Land of

HOW TO Starch as you rinse STARCH YOUR WASH FREE BOOKLET Joseph Smith and

Send name and address to Faultless Starch Co.

Kansas City 1, Mo. Britain Young

Free booklet also shows 6 other timesaving ways to do better starching: Bertha S. Reeder

1. Onethickness starch: when everythickness. needs same thing years enjoyable busy and in renowned in New New England,

starch: Manythickness thick Today make 2. President her husband, while valleys, England beautiful for its hills and to suit any need. starch—dilute

3. Cold starch: wash it, starch and its stern and picturesque seacoast, William H. Reeder, was presiding

iron dry in minutes. No drying, its invigorating climate, and its inover the New England Mission. Now

sprinkling! no

bottled starch: make it domitable people, L.D.S. cooks are she is at home again as President Better 4.

yourself for less than l<t a quart. busily preparing hearty foods such as of the Young Women's Mutual Imare Starchsprinkle: clothes 5. of the Church. Association provement our been have eaten when dampmight

once. at starched evenly ened, hostess, as a Sister Reeder, famous presidents were born Church two first washer 6. Automatic

starching: starch in there, more than a hundred years both in Ogden where she lived for

cycle. rinse final in years, Salt Lake and now many ago.

to Faultless today Send to of reputation her City, owes much 1, Mo. K.C. Co., When a mission president's wife Starch

for your free booklet. visits the homes of L.D.S. housewives her warmhearted love of people and

of intelligent understanding them her Maine, Hampshire, Vermont, New Guaranteed by m in W their problems. However, New and Housekeeping.Good she Connecticut, or Massachusetts,

<*<V 4BVtlTISt02 its bit her to contributed England is a their blend cookery that discovers of all that is characteristic of the housewifely charm, and it would not people of this rugged corner of be surprising to see her presiding over

America. New England cookery is a table laden with one of the following

simple, as a practical folk would delectable dishes.

*utHmettime have it; New England cookery is

imaginative, with a tang that comes New England Boiled Dinner of spices skilful and use a from is a dinner boiled England A New sugar; maple molasses and New Engwith usually meal, made onedish land cookery tells of the sea—and corned beef and vegetables; however,

of all the peoples who have visited beef brisket or other inexpensive cuts and stayed to contribute a bit of may be substituted. Although you may

their own homeland flavor. buy corned beef already prepared, we

Sister Bertha S. Reeder spent five are including the following corned beef

When an All-O- Wheat breakfast is most needed.

Longer summer days and more activity demands more pep and energy. Thats what All-O-Wheat's

natural vitamins and minerals give you... lasting allday energy.

Children and grown - ups, alike, will find more summer fun when they start their day with tasty, rich, golden All-O-Wheat. Pick up

a package at your grocers today, or write to

ALL-O-WHEAT f> Ogden, Utah—Photo by Otto Done

A New England scene familiar to our Church members, the birthplace of the Prophet

Joseph Smith. THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 610

A New England boiled dinner is a onedish meal, usually made with corned beef and vegetables.

recipe for those who wish to know how to make this distinctively flavored meat.

To corn beef, combine and stir well:

8 cups water 1 cup salt 3 tablespoons sugar 6 peppercorns 1 clove of garlic, minced 2 teaspoons mixed pickle spices 1 bay leaf

Add:

Y4 teaspoon saltpeter (this may be omitted, but it gives the meat its red color)

Dissolved in

]/2 cup warm water

Add 5 or 6 pounds beef (brisket or rump).

Cover it with a plate and place a heavy weight on it. Leave the meat in

the brine for 36 hours.

Now that it has corned you are ready to prepare your New England boiled dinner. Wipe the meat with a damp

cloth and tie to keep it in shape. Place

it in cold water to cover and add

Y2 clove garlic (optional) 6 peppercorns

Bring it to the boiling point, remove the scum, reduce the heat, cover the pot and simmer the meat for about four hours. Remove meat from the pot.

Bring stock to boiling. It is now time zazzzzaaaas

to add the vegetables for your NewEngland boiled dinner. Add 3 small

parsnips, 6 large carrots, 3 large turnips, and simmer 30 minutes. Then add 8

small peeled onions and 6 mediumsized, quartered potatoes; simmer 15

minutes. Cut a head of cabbage into

wedges and simmer until tender (about 10 to 15 minutes). Reheat the meat

in the stock. Serve it on a platter surrounded by the vegetables, garnished

with parsley.

(Continued on following page) AUGUST 1953 611 FOODS FROM THE LAND OF JOSEPH SMITH

AND BRIGHAM YOUNG

(Continued from preceding page) colander, pouring cold water over them.

Boston Baked Beans Place in bean pot and bury a whole onion in them. Mix % cup of molasses,

Soak 1 pint pea beans overnight 1 tablespoon maple or brown sugar, 1 (this variety of beans does not break teaspoon salt, 1 teaspoon mustard, a up or become mushy). Simmer in little pepper. Add to beans. Cook Y/4

saltedburst—whichwater untilis bestoutsidedeterminedskins willby poundbrownedsalton porkall sides.in stripsPutininovenbeanuntilpot.

taking a few beans on the tip of a Add enough water to cover and bake spoon and blowing on them, when in slow oven (225 F.) from 6 to 8

skins will burst if beans are sufficiently hours. Add more water, if needed.

cooked. Remove from heat and put in When ready to serve, remove onion.

SSSGSSS

<?THE NEW earn to oLiwe

Richard L. Evans

No other organs offer so much Cometimes we well may wonder why we have to live so long for the money... no other before we learn to live. There are many things we might

organs are so versatile. Connsowish we had learned sooner instead of later in life. There

are many mistakes and misunderstandings along the way: nata's richer tones are produced

mistakes of judgment, bad beginnings, lost time, journeys by purely electronic means, too. and ventures in the wrong direction, unprofitable and unNo reeds, blowers or other movpromising pursuits. There are strained relationships between

ing mechanical parts, Illustratpeople who should be close to one another, between people natural reason have every to keep close but who who harbor ed above is New Model 2D, differences apart. are errors of understandThere and drift

twomanual, 25 note pedal ing, quarrels, prejudices, wrong actions, and unwise utterboard. ances. And then sometime, somewhere, perhaps far along

the journey, we learn to misjudge less and to understand to live to more; with less fricbe more charitable, we learn

Come in to Daynes Music for a less tion, with resentment, quick with less judgment and friendly demonstration at no obligacondenmation. And well we may wish that we had learned

tion. these things sooner instead of later in life. Of course, some

do learn them sooner. Some seem to mellow and to mature

in judgment and wisdom and understanding earlier than others. But many of us live a long time before we seem to

Daunes Music learn some of the fairly simple things that could have eased the way and made life more meaningful for us and for others

SOUTH MAIN also. And as to living so long before we learn to live: perhaps TT IH IT"I H IT''45475attat:eC/fy

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0V0''2260 WASHINGTON Bt.VD.,OGDEN this is one of life's chief purposes. With an immortal future

before us, life appears, as in fact it is, a period of preparation for endless eternal opportunities. And our failures and

pains, faltering the part can growing which be in we may

L.D.S. HEADQUARTERS FOR in loving faith the plan purpose of a survive with and IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA A [

Father, with faith that an understanding of it all will

YE KING'S REST MOTEL ultimately be ours, and that then we shall know, as now we 52G 5TH STREET SOUTH

Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner believe, that the struggle and the journey, and the someEdgar H. Foutz, Manager time groping, reaching, wondering will gloriously and everBeautyrest Mattresses Throughout lastingly be immeasurably more than worth all the effort

and will justify the faith by which we now must live in many./Unbreakable... moulded ways.

wf 'toweighlooki, likenoiseglass.free.Light'Keonoinieul. Standard height. Jke Spoken l/l/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Order from yonr dealer. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SPECIAL OFFER SYSTEM, ]UNE 28, 1953 trial $1.00 Mail for lot of

Copyright, 1953 postpaid. sent dozen one

BRASS GOODS'CO. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Boston Brown Bread Combine: &ritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH

1 cup yellow corn meal FRITOS Chicken Patties 1 cup rye or white flour 3 tbsp. Butter or Margarine

1 cup graham flour 61 tbsp.cup MilkFlour

% tablespoon soda V* tsp. Salt

1 teaspoon salt l/2V4 tsp.tsp. MonosodiumGarlic Salt Glutamate

1 cup Cooked Chicken Combine in a separate bowl: (chopped fine)

2 cups Finely crushed FRITOS (Measured after crushing) 2 cups sour milk 2 Eggs

of molasses sauce cup a white milk and Make Add% seasonings, of chicken and crushed and FRITOSsalt.

1 flat into butter,% cupdip flour, cakes, raisins (if desired) in roll beaten cup chopped eggs, cool. Form in

remaining FRITOS—repeat and fry until brown.

Add the liquid to the dry ingredients. FRITOS is the registered trademark of the Frito Co.

Pour the batter into a buttered mold.

Fill it twothirds full. Steam it for A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT!

3!/2 hours. Add more boiling water

as needed. Take from water, remove

cover, and set in slow oven (300 F.) 15

minutes to dry off. Remove from mold. MR. CHAIRMAN!

Cut with string while hot, by drawing FOR CHURCHES AND crossing,string bread, around and pullSUNDAY SCHOOLS loaves.ing ends. Makes two

NEARLY EVERYONE Apple Pan Dowdy BUYS "AMERICAN V.

We note from a cookbook with recipes dating back to 1700 entitled What

Salem Dames Cooked that pan dowdy Imer/ccfn was made in a large oldfashioned bean pot baked overnight. For and a method

practical of dainty FOLDING in this daymore casseroles and automatic ovens, we offer CHAIRS the following: 3 SEAT STYLES:

Arrange 2 cups sliced apples in botFormed plywood tom of buttered baking dish. Sprinkle or shaped steel or imitationOver 8

with ]/4 cup molasses or maple (or leather upholstered million in use!

seats deepformed back and sugar shaped wide teaspoonbrown) Extra each and y4 reinforced comfort! for Rugged, extra panels, salt. innutmeg, cinnamon, Bake and

crossbraces. steel Metal tubing; triangularsteel

F.) until (350 applesa moderate oven followed Bonderized, corrosionresistant parts are

are soft. Cover with rich biscuit dough by two coats of outdoor enamel. No sliding or

or pour over Cottage Pudding batter binding parts. No snagging, cutting or soiling

to carry and store. hazards. Light weight—easy baking for 20 or 25and continue minWrite Depl. 1 69 at 400 dish orutes F. Serve from

turn out, apple side up. Serve with AMERICAN901 BROADWAY N. W.,SEATINGGRAND RAPIDSCOMPANY2, MICHIGAN

hard sauce, thick cream, or whipped BRANCH OFFICES AND DISTRIBUTORS IN PRINCIPAL CITIES cream. Serves 6.

Cottage Pudding batter may be made EVAPORATED recipe: the followingwith

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS in treatment simple of Canker, Aids butter cup Y4 throat sore minor mouth and other sugar cup l/2 irritations. and throat

1 egg, well beaten milk l/2 cup flour HALLS REMEDY U/2 cups

Salt Lake City. Utah

2 teaspoons tartrate or phosphate baking powder (l*/, teaspoons comWE OFFER...

bination type) A COMPLETE SERVICE ENGRAVING Y2 teaspoon salt

Missionary Portraits to the Largest Earn Extra Money From

Catalogues. For Yourself or Organization

Cream butter, add sugar gradually, Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention Sell Quality, Alloccasion and Christmas Cards and egg; mix and sift flour, baking UTAH ENGRAVING CO. inSendyournowsparefor Freetime.PriceMakeList. up to 50% profit.

powder, and salt; add alternately with 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah QUALITY SALES COMPANY

milk to first mixture. BOX 1344 OGDEN, UTAH

AUGUST 1953 613 M r "THE EARTH IS THE EORD'S ) it's {Continued from page 573) It is interesting to note at this ment? In 1937 the ratio of land to point what may only be a coincidence

inhabitants in the United States (that which some soil scientists point out. 6001 is land suitable for the production of In studying and scientifically classifyfood) was 3 l/2 acres for each person. ing soil types, the scientists have

Due to population growth and loss of grouped them into broad groups on land, this figure was decreased to 3 the basis of characteristics which have mmmwith an acres for each person by 1947. It resulted from the combined effects of

cover. They find that soils in tropiELECTRIC smalleris estimatedthan 2thatl/2 acresif thisa person,ratio getswe rainfall, temperature, and natural

will be unable to maintain our present cal regions have certain physical and standard of living. chemical characteristics which difRANGE ferentiate them from soils of moderate

In Europe in 1947 there were only climates. By the same token, soils

l!/2 acres for each person. In China in dry, moderate climates are different

in the same year there was less than from the moist, moderate climates, 1 acre for each person. These are and those in turn are different from

only two examples. In 1947 the soils of the frigid climates.

world average was l 3/4 acres, a fact from which we can explain why Now without going into detail, starvation and famine are not unsuffice it to say that each of the great common in many areas. soil groups has produced a civilizaits day has achieved BUY FROM YOUR DEALER In our own country the soil contion which in

something of world dominance. The servation service estimates that apBe Thriftyproximately 5,500,000 tons of sedirise of this nation to world promithe simultaneously nence with came pass Washington, D. ment by C, Electricity Use or development of our Middle West River each year. in the Potomac The & LIGHT CO. UTAH POWER Mississippi its deep, basin River with

is loss in States annual the United estimated at enough to fill a freight darkcolored soils, typical of grasstrain which would encircle the earth lands and particularly suited to the eighteen times at the equator and is production of grains. This was the

equal to about five thousand eightyfirst time any civilization or power acre farms a year, or 1370 acres each had developed on soils of this nature.

For today's BEST BUYS day or an acre every minute. Asat leastwe aremaintainingrising to greaterour position,power, weor

in pleasure trips. At the head of Chesapeake Bay are developing our western desert

use 85,000,000 cubic yards of sediment areas by reclamation, which has never

GREYHOUND'S were1938. depositedAt the sitebetweenof two 1846Marylandand Americabeen doneis onindeedsucha alandscalewhichbefore.is

ports, once open to overseas trade, choice above all other lands.

mooring than two posts are more location the

Russia also has large areas of grassmiles water. from navigable Many

ports as a Christian been land have Bay on Chesapeake soils, and if we Picbanning water. because of shallow abandoned sucto civilization are going compete

cessfully with the Russian atheists, ervice TheHanoverdepthStreetof theBridgewaterin underBaltimorethe we must conserve, maintain, and, T5 fell from seventeen feet to six inches,

Ask your Greyhound Agent now between 1824 and 1924. Such exwherever possible, replenish our natabout the dozens of Greyhound amples are not confined to the East ural resources. If we fail to do this,

tours that take you to America's or the South since the Intermountain then all the lessons of history point most beautiful vacationlands. area, too, is being damaged at an to our eventual destruction, and we

alarming rate.

Let Greyhound'sVacation Planwill have made the same mistakes as the trtp plan/s* Service ning you We don't know exactly how much our predecessors. We must use God's hotels, for arranging want

transportation, special sightseetimber resources we have left. It is earth with judgment.

ing... all for one low cost.'Or reported that the percentage has been

plan your own vacation on reduced as much as sixty to eighty perThe term God's earth is used on is certain—our anthe evidence taken from the followEVERY DAY LOW FARES! cent. One thing nual demand exceeds our growth, and ing scriptural quotations; for instance,

our western range lands have been in the 24th Psalm:

used without judgment to the extent GREYHOUND that only about fifteen percent is in The earth is the Lord's, and the fulness satisfactory condition. thereof;...

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From the Doctrine and Covenants, section 38, verse 17: ATTEND YOUR CHURCH SCHOOL,

And I have made the earth rich, and it is behold wherefore, again my footstool, LD.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE, because:

it. I will stand upon

All ground is holy when it is used 1. CONVENIENT LOCATION: in the heart of Salt Lake City across from

by men with judgment. Since we Temple Square.

have been using this land of ours, 2. ACADEMIC STANDING: excellent instructors and equipment...

our knowledge and judgment have thousands of successful graduates... new a branch of Brigham Young University.

increased. We, as a society, have

a placement service functions fulllearned ways of using land, forests, 3. OUTSTANDINGtime locating topnotchJOBjobsPROSPECTS:for L.D.S. students.

water, and wildlife, which yield us many benefits and yet leave some re- 4. BEAUTIFUL CAMPUS: green lawns and shade trees add to the enjoyment

maining for the generations which of attending L.D.S

are to follow us upon this earth. 5. FRIENDLY STUDENT BODY: L.D.S. is a friendly and largely informal

... summer parties and outings help you develop socially as well as in

fields.Since we have been irrigating our schoolbusiness

deserts we have found ways of increasing the efficiency of our irrigation water, of reducing the run -off BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY and floods from our ranges and watersheds. learned have more about We erorfflni!lfil\SI'OLLI!lililliiiii(li ranges to reduce ourmanaging

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITYsion and floods. Wc know more I rW LflU

about how to prevent forest fires, and how to harvest our forest crop of lumber intelligently. We know All Canning Lids are NOT Alike

how to harvest our wildlife and yet leave some for tomorrow.

But are you as an individual doing part?your Better in the city are concerned, too, 3 Ways You

just as the farmer who lives on the 1. Press -to -Test!

land. You enjoy the forests, and you

are fed by the products of the farm 2. White Enamel Lining!

land and ranges. If only sufficient

food is produced for country folk, 3. Red Rubber Seal!

those in the cities and towns must starve. You city people get only

the surplus. Therefore, you have an

interest in promoting conservation or the wise use of the earth's riches in...Jar Sealedevery possible way. Just Pressto-Test! pOME QflWN 1953 BALL

We all might take heed of a quotaBROS. CO.

tion from modern scripture:

QCCCBtggg FOR SALE in irrevocably decreed is a law, There of this the before foundationsheaven PIKES PEAR Idahoand cattleirrigatedranches.farms

catedworld, upon which all blessings are prediFLOUR F. J.CorrespondenceBacon & P. L.invited.Lawrence

And when we obtain any blessing from With FOUR Realtors

God, it is by obedience to that law upon Extra Baking Box 26 Twin Falls, Idaho which it is predicated. (D. & C. 130:2021.) Advantages

DRINK The laws of nature are that we canSALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS not destroy the earth we live upon 425 West 5th South to still continue surviveand upon A delightful Salt Lake City. Utah fic<3

for those hot beverage - If thwarted/- will not beit. Nature

drink don't coffee. who

our watersheds are destroyed, water AT YOUR GROCERS cannot be obtained with which to irrigate, drink, or cleanse, and Ijtoe HOTEL LANKERSHIM shall perish. The balance of nature 7th & BROADVvaY

is delicate, and man, blessed with intelligence, should be able to live without will but; upsetting it if he IN THE VERY HEART OF

*.,.use his judgment. LOS MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. ANGELES

AUGUST 1953 615 Your Page

The Light Touch

NO NEED FOR WORRY

The man about to board a train was worried about the station clocks. There was twenty minutes difference between the one

in the office and the one in the waiting room. Finally he questioned a porter who made a survey of the two clocks and shook

his head doubtfully.

Then the porter brightened suddenly and said: "It don't make

a bit o'difference about dem clocks. De train goes at fo'ten,

no mattah what."—Texas Outlook

THEY COME IN HANDY

Ralph Waldo Emerson told Whittier that he had always handled requests for autographs until "the applications came to be counted by hundreds."Thereafter he had simply ignored

them. "But what do you do when they enclose stamps?"asked

Whittier. S. GROUP ON MIDWAY ISLAND "Oh,"said Emerson, "the stamps come in handy."AN L. D.

—Saturday Review of Literature For two years the L.D.S. group on Midway Island has been

holding twiceweekly services at the home of Elder and Mrs.

Orien P. Gossett. They report that this has been a great source

IT ALL DEPENDS of joy and happiness in their lives. Attendance at the Sunday and

Thursday meetings has been near perfect, and during the period

Mother was chiding Johnny. "I was hoping you would be two investigators were baptized.

little to sister unselfish give largest of piece your the enough are: kneeling, left to right row, Front Gossett, Marvin Danny

nicest will give all dainties old the that candy. hen even Why, Christensen, Martin. Davidson, Dale James

little in chicks take to her only while one a tiny once a and Gilbert Elizabeth Gossett, Middle row: Hays, Lula Mae Gossett,

herself."for Mortensen. Jay

for said a while the hen underJohnny watched and then Stanley Faulkner, P. Gossett, Back row: Orien T. Vaughn. H.

standing: the I'd do same thing if it was "Well, Mom, worms."Absent of the picture but group, mainstays the was taken, when

were Ralph and La Verne Millard and their children Max, Fay

PREPARED Ellen, and Patricia. They have -<*-recently returned to the States.

A Quaker pioneer, walking from his clearing to the meetingPullman, Washington house, had his trusty flintlock ready. A nonbeliever accosted Dear Editors,

him saying, "Brother Nathan, is it not your belief that what is... I lived in the East all my life until about three years ago

destined to be will be?"when I came to Pullman to live with my daughter after my

Brother "Yes,"answered Nathan. died. trips husband in the past both had made several West We

if all the Indians "Then, in the province attacked the meetingto son in Richland, in Washington, 1948 and had visit my June house and your time had not come, you would not be harmed?"the wonderful pleasure of seeing your tabernacle and temple

"No,"answered the Quaker. and beautiful flower gardens.

"But if your time had come,"pursued the other, "then, no The voices of Richard L. Evans and Allen Jensen are like those

matter what you did, it would do no good?"of old and dear friends. I haven't let them know how very

jThat is right."much I enjoy them both, but have often felt moved to do so.

"Then why do you carry your gun to the meeting?"Would it be possible for you to pass my "thank you"to them?

Gravely the Quaker replied, "On my way to or from the meeting Sincerely,

I might see an Indian whose time had come."/s/ Grace Jeannette Smith

M.I.A. CHORUS FROM RIVERDALE WARD, RIVERDALE STAKE

The M.I. A. chorus of the Riverdale Ward, Riverdale (Utah) "The Cross of Redemption."The chorus is directed by Elder and

Stake, has given much service in song to its own ward as well Mrs. Monte Bullock. Mrs. Roma Frost is the organist and

as other wards in the Riverdale and South Weber stakes. HighSally Kellerstrass the

light this last spring was their presentation of the Easter cantata accompanist.—Reported by Kathleen Stanfield

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA YOU, TOO, CAN CUT THE HIGH COST OF EA TING and enjoy finer food than ever before at lower prices with

ZCMI5 Home Freezer Food Plan PAY NOTHING and DOWN 6 MONTHS TO PAY 2 YEARS TO PAY for a for the KBBMMliaftfflliM jdtogB iS?5>JKUB 6 MONTHS SUPPLY WmTmmmm OF FROZEN FOOD UPRIGHT FOOD FREEZER

THINK OF IT!

You Can Have Choice Sirloin Steaks, T-Bones, Roasts, Lamb Chops, Pork Chops,

Sausage, Poultry, Sea Foods, TreeRipened Orange Juice, Tangerine'

Grapefruit, Lemon, Grape Juice. All the Nutritious and Vitaminpacked Vegetables. Strawberries, Raspberries, Peaches, etc., Flavor

sealed and minute fresh right from the gardenAll kinds of ice creams and desserts, etc.

AMANA YOU SAVE CAN FOOD COSTS yet serve belON UPRIGHT models give "See the ter meals year around. level"visibility sharpfreez

YOU CAN eliminate those tiresome expensive ing contact shelves, max'shopping trips. mum storage capacity in

YOU CAN have a miniature SUPERMARKET in minimum floor space.

your own home.

YOU CAN have the convenience of having on hand food that you want—WHEN YOU WANT IT!

YOU CAN save money... if used wisely...

Purchasing foods in quantity and when in season... will go a long way in paying part or all

of the Amana Freezer.

YOU CAN have ample space to quick freeze garden or farm produce, fruits, wild game, fish, poultry, when in season—with consequent sav- 5-YEAR WARRANTY on the

ings. mechanical refrigeration sysYou get the Freezer and food under one roof. tem.

ZCMI has been in business 84 years. 5-YEAR FOOD PROTECTION

PLAN at no extra cost.

"Amana Food Freezers Are Guaranteed to onGoodfreezerHousekeepingqueriers.Magazine.. see Maygives1953specificissue,answerspages

OUTPERFORM Ail Others"165 to 170.

in independent laboratories tests of all leading makes (1) Amana freezers froze large quantities of food faster than any of the other freezers;

(2) The Amana freezer froze this quantity of food with less current consumption than any comAPPLIANCE CENTRE petitive make; STREET FLOOR

freezer(3) The capacity Amana pull down was {East Room) of Tea greater much zero by reaching degrees from room temperature much faster. Just inside South Temple Entrance

(4) The Amana freezer maintained much more uniPhone 3-1575, Ext. 431

form temperature from top to bottom when loaded with food than any one of the other makes. awL

Put yourself in this Picture

Thatquick tug on the line is one of life's real thrills. -.and Junior will "get

explaining h wmms hk

.,:....

Ftthing on a cool trout stream is one of life's many pleasures that y 1 even more time to enjoy* when yoiir gran<dspft pces the jpla&e in th of your son today... if you start now to provide a retirement mconie.through *****

Beneficial jfc lr* *V frlr "t

iHli

II

i

Hprnp

v-ii i-.A * *&*.<*&?-

fnsurartce ompany:

David O. McKay ft f*res. Salt Lake City - U