December 1967

In this issue: Talks given at the October General Conference

is special—make sure you are readyBYU

Yes, going to BYU Is something special. High acaDATES TO REMEMBER

demic standards combined with physical and spiritual Jan. 25—Deadline to register for

training in an ideal social climate odd up to a superior American College Tests of education. Students planning to attend BYU should be Feb. 17.

prepared. They should first try to earn good grades in Feb. 17—American College Tests.

high school or other colleges. And remember, freshman Mar. 1—Final date for incoming

applications for admission for autumn semester 1968 freshmen and transfer stuare due before April 30. Students transferring from dent applications for scholarother colleges have until July 31. Send now for admisships.

sions information. Also be sure to remember, all new Aprilfor19—DeadlineAmerican Collegeto registerTests

students must take the American College Tests, which of May 1 1 are given in every state. Check with your local high April 30—Final date for new

school principal or college for test registration and freshmen to apply for fall materials. Only two more tests remain, Feb. 17 (regissemester admission.

ter by Jan. 25) and May 11 (register by April 19). May llAmerican College Tests.

Demand is great for a superior education at BYU, May 31Final date for adbut there is always room for the good scholar. Make missions applications for

Summer School 1968. sure you are ready.

July 31—Final date for admissions applications of transUNG fer,students.former and graduate

Sept. 19, 20, 21—Registration.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY P R O V O UTAH 20, o The Voice of the Church

December 1967 On the Cover Harry Anderson, the artist who painted the nowfamous painting of Christ ordaining the apostles that was used in the Mormon Pavillion at the New York

World's Fair, has been commissioned to Special Features render eight paintings for the new 2 Editor's Page: My Japanese Christmas of Long Ago, President David

Visitors'Center on Temple Square in O. McKay

Salt Lake City. These paintings will 14 Christmastide Greetings, J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

represent important events in the lives 14 A Gift for My Family, Aline Pettit of the prophets of the dispensations. 18 A Tribute to President Antoine R. Ivins, Marion D. Hanks

On pages 72 and 73 is reproduced one 19 Tabernacle Choir Marks 2,000th Broadcast, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

of these paintings, which is based on 25 The Relationship Between Psychological Needs and Personal Beliefs,

Isaiah 7:14 and 9:6-7. It shows Isaiah Alien E. Bergin

in the presence of two witnesses recording, as he was commanded to do, the 32109 General Conference Addresses joyous news the Lord gave him and

King Ahaz concerning the birth of the Regular Features

Prince of Peace. Our cover this month 9 Lest We Forget: Christmas in the Valley, Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

is from a portion of this painting. 10 Introducing the New Genealogical Research Department

October General Conference 12 Teaching: The Stewardship of the Church Teacher, Monte S. Nyman

Conscience 65Speakers 110 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth

97 Courage Goals, H, About Bishop Glory of John Vandenberg 74 Degrees Taft Ezra 55 Benson, 74 Drugs P. Bernard Brockbank, 104

97 Duty B. 36. Brown, 112 92 Scene Hugh LDS

, Life Eternal 74, 83 43 L. Victor Brown, 50

89 Example Burton, Theodore 80 M of Best 114 Movies, 94, Faith 97 82 65 L. Christiansen, EIRay 101

Fall 43, Jr J Critchlow, William 83 Family: Light Tall Today's 116 a Fasting Candle, Florence 48 B. Pinnock A. Cullimore, James 62

Faultfinding 33 H. Paul Dunn, 94

Forgiveness 102 R. AJvin Dyer, L. 58 120, 122, 124 Richard The Word, Spoken Evans

Free Agency 83 L. Evans, Richard 68

101 Freedom D. 65 Hanks, Marion 121 The Church On Moves 38, 36 God 99 B. Hinckley, Gordon 85

101 Governments Hunter, Howard 44 W.

Gratitude 38 Buffs and Rebuffs 124 Kimball, Spencer 52 W.

Happiness 62 R. Bruce 60 McConkie,

Holy 85 Ghost 0. David 33, 87, 107 Is McKay, Times: 126 Dead, These Not God G. Homer Durham 78, 85 50 Home S. 97 ThomasMonson,

Christ 102 Jesus 43, the K. Packer, Boyd 96 of Era 128 an End 82, Smith 89 Joseph 36, E. Petersen, 71 Mark

62 Joy Franklin Richards, 105 D of Kingdom 92 God LeGrand Richards, 89 105 74, Knowledge G. Marion 99Romney,

Last Days 104 Sterling 65 W. Era Liquor of 52 Youth L. Robert Sill,Simpson, 48

Love 50 Eldred G.Smith, 82

Destiny Man's 65 D. Marion Elaine Fieldi Editors Cannon, and Hanks 129144Smith, 43 Joseph ng

Mortality 71, 83 43, L.Stapley, Delbert 74

71, 97 Obedience 44, N. EldonTanner, 38

Parentchild Relationships D.Taylor, Henry 102

OU, OSTuttle, A. Theodore 47

Parental Authority 78 Fiction,Vandenberg, John Poetry H 78 62 Peace Subjects PioneersPrayer 38, 48, 9768 4 Christmas Carvings, Douglass Stevenson

Priesthood 87, 92 Adam 43 Profanity 96 16. 28, 29, 103, 114, 121, 128 Poetry

Adversity 45 Repentance 104 America 55, 71, 101 Restoration 60

AntiChrists Reverence 96 94 Priesthood the Associations. Offjcjal Improvement Quorums, Mutual

SalvationApostleship 44, 102 58 School Committee, Church System, and Music Committee.

60 Second ComingAtonement 43, 102 Saints. of Latterday Christ Home agenciesTeachingorgan ofof of Jesus Church The other

Blessing 107 Service 58 Spirituality 82 36, 85 of MormonBook 68, Tabernacle 85 The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111Brotherhood 107 33,

Church Activity 44 Temples 80 Church Growth 105 Testimony 99

Civil 65, 85 Disobedience Vietnam 33 of Wisdom 52 55 Word FamilyL. Zobell,Editor;Jr..MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; EraMabelof YouthJones Editor;Gabbott.ElaineJay M.Cannon.Todd.

Working Mothers T. Sykes.L,RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds.Editors;Associates:ArtDoyleDirector;L. FlorenceGreen.NormanManagingB. Pinnock.F, Price.Editor;Today'sStaffAlbertArtist. 33, 55 78 EleanorEraDavidol 0.YouthKnowles.McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor:CivilCommunismRights

Society Youth 50,Contemporary 65, 89 94

F. Scott. BusinessEditors.Manager: A. Glen Snarr. Acting Business S,Nibiey.Jacobsen,S. GlennSidneySmitti.AssociateB. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneralAlma Manager;Representatives.A. Gardiner.Verl Contributing at B. were: Smith.Durham,SubscriptionJr.,FrankhnGeneralDirector;S.Manager:Harris.ThayerJr..FlorenceHughEvans, the conference Thorpe G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer andNOTE: Not speaking

First Presidency; of theIsaacson Sonne Alma John and Latter the of Samts, of 1967, Jesus day by and Association Mutual Improvement Superintendent. Men's Young General ofAll Subscription price, Christreserved. ot $3.00 Latterday Jesus of The Associations Ivins, to Church the the Assistants Twelve; R. of Antoine ImprovementLongden

price; single tor year, the threeyear a publishedyear,copy, year inexceptadvance; a to The Saints.Church$2.50 years. rightsadded 35(t eachChrist succeeding years. 3 $5.75; $8,25:of subscriptions. 2 First of Council Dilworth Milton R. the Young, HunterS. and issues. Mutualmultiplespecial

in for (or rate of special at mailing provided class section matter. City. postage 1103, Acceptance Utah, Office, Salt as second the at Lake correlation, Elder Lee's B. Harold the Seventy.of on message

2. 1918. July authorized act Enteredof October Post1917.

in will session, printed at the priesthood thepresented be contributions. for are paid manuscripts is acceptance (or Manuscripts be on unsolicited and but welcomes must not responsible Improvement The

return, delivery sufficientEra and postage Era, issue of by with together accompaniedJanuary /mprovement The 1968 slip please include issue maga2ine. a recent of from address the ordering ol change, Address a required addressThirty notice days'related closely material.additional

is the included. well one forthe as Whenas new address torchangeold unless cannot changes be madeis

December 1967 The Editor's Page

Japanese My

I have participated in many Christmas seasons and enjoyed each and every one. May I share with you

here the Christmas that Elder Hugh J. Cannon and I

spent in Tokyo while upon our world tour of missions?

Several days before Christmas 1920, there were evidences on every hand throughout the city that a festive season was approaching. Red and white

bunting was stretched in rich profusion from store to store, rice rope and rice straw decorations were hung over many of the lintels, and on each side of nearly every door was placed a young pine tree with which were intertwined three bamboo stalks, sometimes gracefully cut to show the joint and inner side of this wonderfully useful tree. Three rope bands held the

decoration together, and usually the lower band consisted of seven turns; the middle, of five; and the

upper, of three.

As Christmas eve approached, these decorations throughout the city became more profuse, and it was sometimes difficult to realize that these people were not making their streets more beautiful and attractive in honor of the birth of the Savior of the world. True,

the comparatively few Christians in Tokyo were preparing to commemorate this great event, but most of the Japanese people were not Christians.

Christmas eve, however, found four little groups of the true followers of the Master fully prepared to do honor to the occasion. These were the branches of

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, located at Osaka, Tokyo, Kofu, and Sapporo. It was

Brother Cannon's pleasure and mine to be participants in the festivities at Tokyo.

President and Sister Joseph H. Stimpson of the old

Japanese Mission had a real Christmas tree in their roomtheir littleat thechildrenmission home,there, andjust oldas heSantadid rememberedthe tens of thousands at home. What a blessed privilege old

Saint Nicholas enjoys—to cross the Pacific in that

short time! By boat it had taken us 15 days.

The morning hours were spent in exchanging greetings and in preparing for the children's exercises, to which members and their friends were invited.

Illustrated by Ed Maryon

mi'%* i* Improvement Era By President David 0. McKayChristmas of LongAgo

Sixty minutes before the hour to begin, the httle 5,500 miles away from home and loved ones; yet as

boys and girls began to gather at the house. What the hour next to midnight approached and we retired

an interesting httle group they were—and how difto our rooms, I was conscious of a very keen regret

ferent their greetings from those of our American that, except for the comparatively few members of children! the Church there, it appeared that neither parents

Only one or two could say, in English, "I wish nor children had participated in the entertainment you a merry Christmas."All the others could express because of any sympathy for the gospel. They had

the same wish only by bowing, which they did come either for amusement or gifts or both.

most gracefully. Children from all over the world I fell asleep wondering if, after all, these weren't

can learn true politeness from these polished little also the principal incentives in our Christmas festivichildren. I had my first lesson in the art of bowing ties at home.

that Christmas day. But what are our problems at Christmas time?

The next interesting feature that I noticed was that The danger that arises in our celebration of Christevery child left his or her wooden sandals at the mas is the possibility of allowing the real purpose of door and replaced them with a clean wickerlike pair. commemorating the spiritual to be overshadowed by

What a sight those hundred Japanese clogs made at the material. The true spirit of giving happiness to

the mission doorstep! But 50 or more boys and girls others, the fellowship of good friends, and the satisfycrowded into the room without tracking in even an ing knowledge that Christmas reminds us of Christ's

ounce of dirt. promise of a new and better life must always be

The vim and energy and loudness with which they uppermost in our minds. The heavenly host that

rendered their various parts were second only to their praised God and said, "Glory to God in the highest, eagerness to do so. Another lesson worthy of imitaand on earth peace, good will toward men"(Luke

tion, I thought. 2:14), gives us these keynotes:

Though it made me somewhat contemplative, it was ( 1 ) Faith in Deity is the first essential to happiness a wonderfully interesting experience to hear those and peace.

Japanese children, in their variedcolored costumes, (2) Brotherliness is the second essential by which singing such songs as "Jsus Wants Me for a Sunthis happiness and peace can be maintained.

beam"and "Glory to God in the Highest,"and yet It is fitting at Christmas to renew our desires and many of them were not believers in Christ. It was to strengthen our determination to do all that lies

gratifying to note the same interest and joyousness in within our power to make real, among men, the mestheir responsive souls as that which would be manisage heralded by the angels. Let us glorify God by

fest a few hours later by their little brothers and seeking the good, the tnie, the beautiful. Let us strive

sisters across the sea. When we, strangers to them, to establish peace on earth by exercising the same

found our hearts filled with the same love for them goodwill toward one another that God has shown tothat we had for the children at home, it was easy to ward us.

understand that Christ included all the little ones That time in Japan is one of my most memorable when he said: Christmas times. But what is my favorite Christmas

"Suffer the little children to come unto me, and time? Sister McKay and I are looking forward with

forbid them not: for of such is the kingdom of God."great anticipation to the ushering in of the present

(Mark 10:14.) season, even as are our children, grandchildren, and

Christmas 1920 was more interesting and pleasant greatgrandchildren. Christmas is indeed a time for

than I had anticipated it could possibly be more than families. May you have happy associations with yours!

December 1967 1...

QVxary knocked reluctantly on the sagging screen door. She was still trying to think of

someone else who did wood carving other than the occupant of this ramshackle house.

She knocked again. Inside she could see a hght,

dimly penetrating through the smoky front windows, feebly lighting the rough weatherbeaten boards on the front porch. The house was over a hundred

years old and had been continuously occupied by different generations of the same family. Looking

at the whittled windowsills, Mary wondered which generation had mutilated them. The members of

this family were in the same shape as the house—

they had become a little more rundown with each generation. Her family had never advertised the

fact that the Devlins were related to them.

Mr. Devlin lived alone now. When Mary was

young he had had quite a family. She could well

remember the public brawls and hairpulling matches that they used to stage. Now that they were

grown, she understood they perpetuated the art of fisticuffs in their own families. The Devlin code had

always been, "Never mind the means, just as long as you get away with it."

Mary knocked once again on the door. Waiting,

she listened to the words of a Christmas carol coming over the loudspeaker a few blocks away: J

"And in despair I bowed my head:

'There is no peace on earth,'I said,

Tor hate is strong and mocks the song

Of peace on earth, good will to men.'"

Until now she hadn't realized how tired she was.

For days she had worn herself out trying to find two things on her son's Christmas list. Suddenly it seemed

silly. Foolish woman, she thought, trying to hold on

to a child's belief in Santa Claus. If he is old enough

to question, he is old enough to know. It was just as

well that the old man hadn't answered the door.

Turning to go, she was startled by a heavy step at the end of the porch. A huge figure came from

out of the darkness and was silhouetted in the light through the window. The brim of a man's hat jutted

out sharply above a square jaw. A buttoned sweater

wrinkled down his portly middle.

"Been here long?"he asked.

"No, just a little while."

"I was out back splittin some wood. I can't hear

nothin'out there. Come in,"he said, opening the

front door.

Illustrated by Ed Maryon rviMsBy Douglass Stevenson n- 'Can't you understand? I'm giving you my art—the only decent, beautiful

She followed him into a sparsely furnished front "Your work is just beautiful.

room. The odds and ends of furniture supported a What tools do you use?"she asked.

heavy layer of dust. The carpet was threadbare. He "Oh, just my pocketknife. It's

threw his old greasy hat on the leather couch, causing got two or three blades—different

a small dust storm. Then, turning around, he smiled sizes, you know. That's all the

down into her upturned face. But his deepset gray tools I need."

eyes did not smile. Instead, they penetrated her like Mary rubbed her fingers over the

iced steel. polished surface again. "How do

She had hoped he wouldn't recognize her. Actually, you finish them?"

she had never seen him face to face before. Their "Well, after I get them whittled,

social circles had been miles apart. But there was I give them a good sanding, then

no question that he knew who she was. rub on some hot linseed oil."

"I am Mary Hilton,"she said. "Really? I thought it was some

"I know. I can tell by your deepset eyes. Brown, special varnish you used,"she said

aren't they?"with genuine admiration.

She nodded. "Well, it takes 20 to 30 coats to

"Deepset eyes are the family's trademark, you get a finish like this, I can tell you, know."and enough elbow grease to polish

She didn't, but she knew now. "Really?"she asked. all the mansions of heaven,"he

"Yes. I don't know who you married, but you're laughed.

Kate's granddaughter. I'd know her kin anywhere. She put the figure down and was

The tilt of your chin and arch of your brow is a dead about to pick up another when he giveaway, sort of an air of aristocracy,"he said with said, "Now what did you really a note of sarcasm. Then he went on, "This was your come for? I know if you didn't

greatgreat-grandpa's house. He built it the summer want something, you wouldn't

he crossed the plains."speak to me, let alone pass the time

"Yes, I know,"Mary said, thinking his pioneer anof day."

cestry was his only claim to respectability. "I came His rudeness was beginning to

to see you about some wood carving,"Mary added, irritate her.

changing the subject. "You'd make a poor poker player,

"Oh, so you've heard about my whittlin',"he said, just like the rest of us,"he said.

obviously pleased. "You talk with your eyes."

"Yes."She glanced at him quickly. He

"Well, come on back here and I'll show it to you."was going too far. She wouldn't

Mary followed him to the room beyond. He put up with this kind of imswitched on a light hanging from a cord in the middle pudence. She looked at him again.

of the ceiling. As it swung back and forth, it lit the He was amused, for she had done

top of his handsome gray head. He was over 75, and exactly what he expected. Even

his hair was still as thick as a teenager's. her chin was tilted. She smiled,

There were wood shavings all over the floor. "I then said goodnaturedly, "You're

only sweep it out when it gets so deep I can't get right. I came to see if you could

through. If I kept it clean, I wouldn't want to do any do some wood carving for me."

whittlin',"he chuckled. "What do you have in mind?"

Mary smiled. he asked curiously.

"Well, there they are,"he said, pointing to some "I'd like you to carve me a bird figures across the room on a shelf. They were Indians of paradise and a plumed serpent."

about 12 inches tall, delicately carved out of dark "A what?"he exclaimed.

wood. "A bird of paradise and a plumed

Mary walked over and picked one up. "The detail serpent,"she repeated.

is exquisite,"she said, running her finger along the "I don't even know what they tiny muscle in the arm. look like. What in the thunder do

The old man smiled with pleasure as he went down you want them for?"

the row telling her to which tribe each one belonged. "For my little boy. He's asked

Improvement Era

thing in my whole Hfe!"

He looked at her with his steelgray eyes. "Yes,"he said. "I can

whittle them for you."

"How much will you charge?"

"I didn't think price was any object in your tribe,"he said sarcastically.

This made her bristle. "On the

contrary,"she said. "Price is and

always has been very much an object in my tribe. You see, we

pay our debts. And I intend to

pay you."As soon as she said it, she could have bitten her tongue off. Years

before he had gone bankrupt.

His eyes gave her a sudden chill.

It was time to go now. Extending

her hand she smiled warmly, saying, "Thank you for showing me your work. I have really enjoyed

visiting with you, but I must be going now. When you decide on

your price, if you decide to do the work, just call and let me know."

for them for Christmas."Then she "I don't know whether I could He shook hands with her without

explained, "You see, he has a colwhittle them or not. Without ever saying anything. Something in his

lection of prehistoric animals—seeing them, I wouldn't know what eyes left her with a feeling of untyrannosaurus, brontosaurus, tri- I was aiming for."easyness.

ceratops... /'She stopped. He "I have pictures of them,"she About two weeks later Mary's

would think she was showing off. said. telephone rang. It was Mr. Devlin.

"Dinosaurs, you know.""Here?""Well, I've got your quetzal bird

"Yes, I know,"he said. "Yes, in my purse."She took out done."

"I'm pretty sure that there is two postcards and handed them "But Mr. Devlin, you were to

another reason he has asked for to him. tell me the price first,"Mary said,

them,"she went on. "You see, he "Well, why didn't you say you obviously taken back.

has begun to suspect there isn't want a quetzal bird and a Quetzal- "I couldn't tell you how much it any Santa Glaus."coatl?"he exclaimed. would be until I knew how long

"Why, the little imp!"he laughed. "You know about them?"she it would take me. I told you I'd

She nodded in agreement. "He asked, surprised. never whittled anything like this

knows as well as I do that they "Sure, anybody who has carved before."

are impossible to buy."as many Indians as I have couldn't "Well, how much do I owe you?"

"But why a bird? And what was help finding out about Quetzalshe said impatiently.

that other thing you said?"coatl.""I can't tell you yet, because

"A plumed serpent—a snake with "Do you think you could carve I'm not done with the Quetzalfeathers on."them?"

"I still can't figure out where he "Christmas Carvings"was written by Douglass E.

got his idea,"he said. Stevenson,a college creativeSpanish writingFork, Utah,class. asSincethe finalthen, paperits 24in

"Well, you see, we took a trip to yearold author has entered the mission field, where

Mexico last year, and he saw them zuela.he is oneHe ofis thethusfirstfulfillingmissionariesa desireto toworkopenin aVenenew

down there. They were the gods mission as did his greatgrandfather, Elder Edward

of some ancient people."Stevensoncarried the ofgospelthe Firstto Gibraltar.Council of the Seventy, who

"Hmmm,"he said thoughtfully,

December 1967 coatl."had an ethereal expression. right now,"she said. "You will...

"Well, I'll pay for the quetzal "He is worshiping,"she said. you will expect a payment for

bird and just forget about the "Yes. He is worshiping the real Christmas?"

Quetzalcoatl,"she told him. Quetzalcoatl.""Indeed I will, this Christmas

"Can't do that,"he protested. "You know the legend of Quetand every other one,"he said,

"I've got the Quetzalcoatl half zalcoatl?"she asked. rummaging through some old

done.""Yes,"he replied. "Who do you papers. He found a sack and conMary didn't say anything for a think he was?"tinued looking for something else.

minute. A typical Devlin trick, "Well, when we were in Mexico, I'll be in his debt for the rest of

she thought to herself. How could the guide said he was probably my life, Mary thought, as she got

she have been foolish enough to some shipwrecked sailor who made out her checkbook.

go to him in the first place? All it to shore. While he was building He put the figurines in the sack

she could do now was get the a new ship, he taught the natives a and handed it to her. Then he

things and pay him off. lot of new things."saw her open checkbook. "You

"When will they be done?"she "There is another account,"the can't pay me with money,"he said

asked him. old man said. "It says that Quetin disgust. "Can't you understand?

"That's what I called to tell you. zalcoatl's hands and feet were I'm giving you my art—the only

I haven't got a way to get them up pierced, and there was a wound in decent, beautiful thing in my to you, so why don't you pick them his side."whole life!"

up here on Christmas eve."She looked up into the old man's "Well, how do you want me to

There was nothing left to do exsoft gray eyes. For a fleeting mopay you?"Mary asked in desperacept wait. On Christmas eve, ment the two drank from the tion.

after dropping her eightyear-old depths of each other's soul in comHe didn't answer her question.

son off at the ward for the Santa plete communion. Instead he opened the front door.

Claus program, Mary drove down "Well,"she said, looking down at "Have a merry Christmas,"he said to Mr. Devlin's house. He had her purse, "I must pay you. How gruffly.

been expecting her, for he anmuch will it be?"She hesitated.

swered the door immediately. The "I've been working on them ever Reading her thoughts, he added,

quetzal bird and Quetzalcoatl were since you were here. At the mini- "You'll get the bill."

on the table. Instead of being dark mum wage, that would amount to Bewildered, she drove home.

like the Indians, they had been hundreds of dollars."He looked at Once inside, she numbly opened

carved from a light golden wood. her cunningly. the sack. There was a slip of paper

The long plumage on the bird's tail, She was aghast. "I expected you in it. She picked it up and read,

carved to a paper thinness, was to call before you made them. I "I used my talent to keep Christintricately filigreed. thought you understood. I'm sure mas for a little boy. To pay your

"They are beautiful! What kind I made it clear that I only wanted debt, go and do likewise."

of wood did you use?"Mary extoys. If you had used something Mary stood motionless for sevclaimed, picking the bird up. like balsa wood, you could have eral moments, looking at the paper.

"Maple, bird's-eye,"he answered. carved them crudely in a few Had he planned to give them to

She looked at the bird's eyes. hours."her all along, or had he changed

The wood grain gave them an "Balsa wood!"he thundered. his mind?

ethereal look. The serpent's eyes "You would have me put work like Faintly, breaking the stillness of

were the same. this on balsa wood? Would you the night, came the music of the

"The eyes,"she said. "How did piece a quilt with bits of paper?"carols from outside. She walked

you do it?""I'm sorry,"Mary said miserably. to the door and opened it. In full,

"You like them?"he smiled. "It's just that I'm afraid I can't pay rich, meaningful tones the words

"Oh, yes!"you."rang out,

"Wait—I'll show you what I made "Oh, you can pay me all right.""Then pealed the bells more loud

for myself."He went out in the She might have known. The and deep:

back room and returned with an Devlins had always thought her 'God is not dead, nor doth he sleep;

Indian figure. His face was lifted family was wealthy. She had cerThe wrong shall fail, the right

and his arms reached skyward. The tainly got herself into a predicaprevail.

old man had carved him from the ment. With peace on earth, good will to

same golden wood.. His eyes also "I can't pay you all of the money men.'"O

8 Improvement Era LestWe Forget By Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Research Editor

tify the young girl whom he quoted in an article written in 1920:

"I remember our first Christmas in the valley. We all worked as

usual. The men gathered sagebrush and some even plowed, for

though it had snowed, the ground was still soft, and the plows were used nearly the entire day. Christmas came on Saturday. We celebrated the day on the Sabbath,

when all gathered around the flag

Those who had resided in the pole in the center of the fort, and

Salt Lake Valley the longest had there we held meeting. And what

put down their roots but a scant a meeting it was! We sang praise

five months before. Many of the to God, we all joined in the openfirst company of pioneers had reing prayer, and the speaking that

turned to Winter Quarters for their day has always been remembered.

families and would begin the trek There were words of thanksgiving west again in the coming spring. and cheer. Not an unkind word

For those in the valley, that \yas uttered. The people were

Christmas of 1847 was a time of hopeful, and buoyant because of thanksgiving. The elements had their faith in the great work they

been tempered, and it was an open were undertaking. After the meetrather than a severe winter. Nevering, there was handshaking all

theless, two word pictures, one around. Some wept with joy, the

from a woman with a baby, the children played in the enclosure, other from a young girl of that and around a sagebrush fire that day, reveal the tone of Christmas night, we gathered and sang:

in the promised valley of the "'Come, come ye Saints,

Great Salt Lake. No toil, nor labor fear;

Mrs. Rebecca Riter remembered: But with joy, wend your way.'

"The winter was cold. Christmas "That day, we had boiled rabbit

came and the children were and a little bread for our dinner.

hungry. I had brought a peck of Father had shot some rabbits, and

wheat across the plains and hid it it was a feast we had. All had

under a pile of wood. I thought enough to eat. In the sense of

I would cook a handful of wheat perfect peace and good will, I for the baby. Then I thought how never had a happier Christmas in

we would need wheat for seed in all my life."

the spring, so I left it alone."Would that all men could sinPresident Levi Edgar Young of cerely say, as the birth of the

the First Council of the Seventy Savior of mankind is marked, "I and professor of western history, never had a happier Christmas in

University of Utah, did not idenall my life."o

December 1967 Introducing the New Genealogica

Early in 1967 the Genealogical Sopapers showing research value, use, tries is appearing in print in booklet ciety's research department embarked content, and availability of newly disform, and several of these have also on an entirely new program, and covered sources and aids. been printed in the Era, beginning with

custom research services for patrons 4. Develop professional contacts in the May 1967 issue. The booklets are

came to an end. Research services for localities of record depositories for onavailable from the Genealogical Society

individuals were not terminated, howthe-spot source aid and records evaluaat 50c each; however, after publication

ever, until the Genealogical Society tion and analysis. in the Era, unbound page reprints are

had its new accredited researcher pro- 5. Encourage record officials to available for classroom purposes at 15c

gram underway. Under this program, index source material. per dozen. Address orders to Research

researchers are accredited through a 6. Recommend and supervise rePapers, Genealogical Society, 107 South

series of tests administered by the search projects that will benefit the Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Genealogical Society to perform regeneral Church membership in locating 84111. Major source booklets are now

search in particular areas. Upon and identifying their ancestry. available for the following countries:

request, the Genealogical Society pro- 7. Develop research standards for

vides its patrons with a list of the each country, giving priority to counSeries A, No. 1* England and Wales

names and addresses of accredited retries that have contributed most

Series A, No. 2* Ireland

searchers who work as professional heavily to the Church population.

Series A, No. 3* Scotland

researchers on a fee basis. 8. Study surname distribution counSeries B, No. 1* United States

The research department is now try by country and use the findings to

Series C, No. 1* Germany

comprised of seven of the former assist families in their genealogical

Series c, No. 2 Switzerland

department's male research staff, two research.

Series D, No. 1 Norway

typists, and a supervisor. These seven 9. Give counsel as needed to other

Series D, No. 2 Iceland

researchers specialize in seven geodepartments of the Genealogical SoSeries D, No. 3 Sweden

graphical areas into which the world ciety as to their discoveries.

Series D, No. 4 Finland

has been divided. These men, known

Series E, No. 1 New Zealand

as research specialists, have been asDuring 1967, visits were made to signed to do the following: England, Germany, Hungary, Romania,

1. Discover and evaluate genealogiAustria, Canada, Hawaii, Tonga, Fiji, There are more to come, both addical sources and research aids, including Samoa, Tahiti, and several states on the tional major source papers for other

maps and gazetteers. United States mainland to investigate countries and papers on different

2. Recommend records and aids for records in these areas. Already a series topics, such as "A Study of Migrations

microfilming or acquisition. of research papers describing the major From Germany,""An Outline of LDS

3. Prepare bulletins and research genealogical sources in various coun- * Era reprints available.

10 Improvement Era Fred H. Barth, research specialist for Germanic-Slavic countries, with Dr. Ivan Borsa

in the national archives, Budapest, Hungary.

Dr. Borsa, vicepresident of the national

archives and chairman of the International

Council for Microfilming, is showing Mr.

Barth the Books of Kings.

Research Department

Church Records,"and "How to Use Hugh T. Law, left, of the research departResearch specialist Derek F. Metcalfe re- k

Announcements Appearing in the Longenealogicalment of the recordsGenealogicalin theSocietyProvincialconsultsArcordsof Sapapali'igenealogieson theof theIslandchiefof ofSavaii,the villageWestdon Times."Already available are: chives, City of Quebec, Quebec, Canada. At ern Samoa. The chief quoted his pedigree

right, Roland J. Auger, a genealogist with for about an hour, but having never seen a

the Provincial Archives. L recorder before, he was quite nervous.

Series A. No. 6* Welsh Patronymics

& Place Names in Wales and Monmouthshire

Series A, No. 7 Pre1858 English

Probate Jurisdictions—Bedfordshire

Genealogical aids of a more detailed and extensive nature, such as "The

Genealogical Gazetteer of England,"will be made available in the Church's genealogical libraries. This particular work

lists each place in England as of 1831, its location, its population at that time, the date of commencement of registers of places that are Church of England parishes, and the ecclesiastical jurisdiction under which the place existed for purposes of probating wills, granting marriage licenses, and submitting bishop's transcripts.

The new research department is making a great contribution to genealogy, not only to Church members but to the genealogical world. Genealogists

everywhere are now benefiting from the new aids to research that are being made available. O

* Era reprints available.

December 1967 11 Dr. Monte S. Nyman, assistant professor in tine College

of Religious Instruction at Brigham Young University, and Aaronic PriesthoodAdult instructor in the Edgemont Second Ward, has derived his thoughts on the teacher's stewardship from many years of Church teaching. There are three areas of a teacher's stewardship:

(1) preparation for the classroom, (2) classroom teaching, and (3) the association with students outside the

Teaching classroom. There is no substitute for preparation either

Conducted Church SchoolbySystemthe collectively or specifically. Preparation is a 24hour

job. A teacher must be an ardent student of his

subject matter, of all related fields, and of life about him.

Activities in the world, nation, state, community,The Stewardship school, as well as all other things that are happening around the student, are sources from which to draw for application to the lesson material. of the Church In addition to these, each student has his own personality.

taken care of before enters. the teacher The Lord By Monte S. Nyman fully Teacher Thus preparation for each class period should be

"... for has said: Lord, at it is required of the

In the 42nd section of the the hand of every steward, to render an account of his

Doctrine and Covenants the Lord outlines what stewardship, both in time and in eternity."(D&C 72:3.)

From this, one may conclude that a teacher will is generally called the law of consecration and stewardship. Three important elements be accountable for every student

of this law are: in his classroom.

1. "... consecrate of thy properties... with a

covenant and a deed which cannot be broken."(D&C 42:30.)

2. "... every man shall be made accountable unto

me, a steward over his own property, or that which lin the classroom, he has received by consecration, as much as is sufficient the gospel of Jesus Christ is to be taught, not the for himself and family."(D&C 42:32.) philosophies of men. This principle

3. "... properties... more than is necessary for was emphasized by the Lord in a revelation to

their support... shall be kept to administer to those who Leman Copley: "And my servant Leman shall be ordained

have not...."(D&C 42:33.) unto this work, that he may reason with them, not

Understanding the important nature of teaching, it according to that which he has received of them, but would seem that teachers who are in the kingdom of God according to that which could well use these same three elements in magnifying shall be taught their teaching stewardship. Application of these him by you

principles can and will determine the teacher's effectiveness

teacher who accepts his position as a calling from God will consecrate his "properties"to his students. These properties constitute his time, talents,

ingenuity, and all things with which the Lord has blessed him or with which the Lord may bless him for the duration of his contract or call (covenant and a deed).

The Lord, through his representatives, may terminate that contract or fail to renew it, at which time that particular stewardship is ended. The teacher must

recognize that these stewardships are governed by the

Lord's representatives, just as the bishop, the Lord's representative, governed the plot of Zion. Thus every

teacher becomes a representative of the priesthood in the classroom.

12 Improvement Era my servants; and by so doing I will bless him, "Your students deserve more

otherwise he shall not prosper."(D&C 49:4.) than your knowledge.

Nephi also warned us of this same danger: "Yea, wo They deserve and hunger for your

be Unto him that hearkeneth unto the precepts of inspiration. They

men, and denieth the power of God, and the gift want the warm glow of personal of the Holy Ghost!"relationships. This always

(2 Ne. 28:26.)

has been the hallmark of a great teacher 'who is the any are student's accomplice in learning rather familiar with the admonition the Lord has given than his adversary.'..."

to the Church: "And the Spirit shaJ (Gordon B. Hinckley, The Improvement

be given unto you by the prayer Era, December 1965, of faith and if ye receive not p. 1124.)

the Spirit ye shall not teach."(D&C 42:14.) The "warm glow of

The context of the admonition suggests that the Spirit personal relationship"mentioned will guide the teacher in what to teach—what by Elder Hinckley must also

principles to draw from his preparation for this particular extend outside the person or group. Thus the follower of this admonition classroom.

will be able to meet the individual needs of each The ability to call a student by name as you pass class and each student. him on the street is most impressive to him. This is

A teacher sensitive to the Spirit will sometimes have increasingly difficult if classes are large, but it to communicate messages that are not enjoyable to also becomes that much more impressive. The teacher

deliver. The Book of Mormon prophet Jacob was most must work at this in order for it to be successful.

sensitive to this responsibility. He once delivered Even if the name is not always remembered, the teacher

a discourse on pride and immorality, which was not should be cognizant of the student and acknowledge an enjoyable assignment for him. (Jacob 2.) However, him whenever they meet.

in so doing, he teaches us two great lessons:

(1) the meaning of magnifying our office (Jacob 1:19),

and (2) the necessity of using tact in the magnifying of our office. (Jacob 2:1-11.) Earlier in his life,

urther Jacob gave us his feelings on the necessity of delivering personal interest in each student's activities the message, regardless of what that message is.

or problems is always appreciated and "But behold, my brethren, is it expedient that I often leads to the real teaching situation. While the class

should awake you to an awful reality of these is in session, the teacher should be alert to sensitiveness things? Would I harrow up your souls if your minds were

part the on student. of each open invitation to the An

pure? Would I be plain unto you according to the

in class individual for general counseling should plainness of the truth if ye were freed from sin?

be a frequent occurrence. Many students, however, are

Behold, if ye were holy I would speak unto you of hesitant to ask for assistance. Thus, a sense of

holiness; but as ye are not holy, and ye look upon me availability should be exemplified by the teacher. The

as a teacher, it must needs be expedient that I teacher's door should always be open to students, teach you the consequences of sin."(2 Ne. 9:4748.)

regardless of other pressures.

Upon leaving the classroom, the teacher is looked The third phase of the law of consecration and stewardship upon as the example of what he has attempted to concerns surplus properties. The stewardship of

teach. However, this is only a small part of the teacher's a teacher in the kingdom of God is to teach. It is

responsibility outside the classroom. important for him to share ideas, concepts, and

"Nor is it our responsibility as teachers to destroy insights with his students, because these intangibles seem the faith of those who come to us; it is our opportunity to to be part of the "surplus properties"of the teacher.

recognize and build on that faith. If God be the President David O. McKay has stated: "There is

author of all truth, as we believe, then there can be no no greater calling in the Church than a teacher."

conflict between true science, true philosophy, and Teachers should be proud to be teacher's and magnify their true religion.... stewardship in the kingdom of our Lord.

December 1967 13 CHRISTMTISTIDE To ray friends: Jesus declared our destiny to the multitude on

Sincerest greetings this Christmastide. the Mount: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as

Once more our minds and hearts and spirits your Father which is in heaven is perfect."

crowd themselves together in reverent love and Blessed are we that in the earliest days of his adoration for the birth and life and work of our ministry Jesus taught Nicodemus: "For God so

Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ. Again we try to loved the world, that he gave his only begotten

comprehend his divinity, his mortal birth, his Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not life, his mission; the final sacrifice, the resurrecperish, but have everlasting life."Later he retion that brought to each and all of us the precious buked the disciples, who, angered because a

blessings of our destinies. Again we seek to Samaritan village refused him lodging, asked him

understand his going back to his eternal home, to call destructive fire as did Elias of old, saying taking his place in the Godhead. to them: "Ye know not what manner of spirit ye

God declared his work and his glory are to are of. For the Son of Man is not come to

"bring to pass the immortality and eternal life destroy men's lives but to save them."

of man"—a resurrected being, each in the image How blessed we are for his words to the

of God himself, with eternal progress before him. Samaritan woman, herself a sinner, declaring that

71 GIFT The youngFORsoldier could find 'Maybe I was wrong to assume that no one no peace that night. His mind was

in an uproar, his thoughts cloudy. He couldn't understand

in the world had found the world, its injustices and crimes. He hated the human

that Aline Pettit of the Monument Park peace. I had forgotten race and the motives

(Salt Lake City) Seventh Ward, ruled its conduct.

written a letter article this on based

Pettit, while As he slowly finished polishing Alan Lynn son, her by he was at the U.S. Army Brooke my family."his shoes, he thought how

Antonio, Center, Medical San Texas. foolish it seemed that people

in serving the Southwest He Is now

Indian Mission. could find no better way to

14 Improvement Era Widely beloved for his thoughtful Christmas cards, the late President

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency of the Church, sent this

timeless greeting in 1958.

6RTINGS the water he had to give to drink was living water and ordinances of the Gospel"—all mankind may

springing up to eternal life, and whosoever drank be saved, those who have lived from the beginning of it would never thirst again. through our work for the dead, those now living,

How blessed are we for the eternal words comand those to be born in the future through our panion to these, uttered to those who followed spread of the gospel till God's plan is completely him across the sea, after he had fed with five fulfilled.

loaves and tivo fishes five thousand men and Hoiv blessed are we to have this never dimming, their women and children: "I am the bread of always glowing hope and the eternal knowledge

life; he that cometh to me shall never hunger; that belongs to us, to comfort us and to urge us on

and he that believeth on me shall never thirst."through life that we may add to God's declared

The bread and water that Christ our Lord gives work and glory by gaining for ourselves and for are the spiritual food that can bring salvation all believers and doers the priceless destiny of and exaltation to every human soul. immortality and eternal life.

How blessed are we for our own credo: "We May God grant us the power so to live is my

believe that through the Atonement of Christ, all prayer for you. J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

mankind may be saved, by obedience to the laws Christmas 1958

By Aline Pettit FAMILYMYspend their time than to shoot this man the only victim. The grew heavier. Why was he

at each other. Just that young soldier had seen many living in such a violent world? If

afternoon he had talked with wounded men as they came in it had been his choice to come a man whose face had been and out of the hospital that here, he was already regretting unmercifully distorted and was down the road from his such a bad decision. If it

scarred by a sniper's bullet. It barracks: some without legs or had been forced upon him, he

would take many months and arms or ears; some badly was angry at the person

many operations to return his burned; others on crutches or who would push such a thing

face to normal. It would be a in wheelchairs—all of them upon him.

long time before he would casualties of a remote conflict "No one is really happy here,"be the man his wife and two young halfway around the world. he thought. "Sooner or later

sons remembered. Nor was As he thought, his depression everyone realizes that this

December 1967 15 world is probably the worst work and the happiness they success of his brothersin-law;

place a person could be. If were finding in their home it told of the love in their

anyone says that he enjoys life, and church activities. It told young homes.

it is only because he has how happy his mother and fooled himself into thinking father and younger sister were to Tears came to the soldier's eyes so..."be able to keep busy, and how and a lump rose in his throat.

Just then he heard someone much joy they received from "Maybe,"he thought, "I was call his name, and a letter was close association with one wrong to assume that no dropped into his lap. It was another. It spoke of his two one in the world had found

from home. He ripped it open married sisters and the happiness peace and happiness. I had

and began to read. and joy they and their forgotten my family. Surely

The letter carried news of husbands found in preparing for they have found whatever his family. It told of the enjoyment and raising their families. It joy the world has to offer.

they were getting out of their carried news of the business They have discovered a reason

H0WSH71LL

Tribute to President and Sister McKay Or cope

With prophethood?

By Marilyn McMeen Miller"quiet In our moments You ivere... yes. you were from the first our stand, pausing on the stairs.We monument.

'How did he walk...?

You stood tall Wfl5 her step so...?

Among us in the stars.

Perhaps this ivay: his sure; hers soft, kind..."

And we hear voices in the rooms above, and song "I will,"you said.

"I see you re good at marbles, little Dave."

Where men and angels plan our worlds beyond.

You bowed your head.

You know. Yes, you know how to go. "But you have a greater game in life to play instead.'

But, how do we begin? (We who follow so far behind.)

How can we even begin to tell you of our love? They called you soon to teach.

Or touch your heart the way we want to do. And then your reach

Shall we say: Exceeded hope.

What strong hand You knew. You knew that if you planted seeds

But yours A tree would grow.

Can wield our sword of hope And now we know

Your planting fills the earth (Your birth to prophethood comes from these.

"This tribute was read at a dinner in honor of President and Sister

McKay on October 2, The little seeds you planted to make trees).

16 Improvement Era for existing here."everything within my power to to convey. So, on this

Peace once again came into the guide my life along the paths Christmas, I give you this, my soldier's mind. A tiny my family has laid out for me and small gift: a knowledge of

miracle had come in a letter: find the happiness they have."all the things you have done

an inspiration, a savior. Within The soldier kept his promise. for me; a knowledge of what

a few minutes the soldier's That night he wrote his you mean to me because you live emotions had changed; his family, telling his story, adding: the way you do and because

attitudes had made a turnabout. "Christmas is a time for gifts. you are the kind of people

And yet as I combed the you are.

Once again he felt that he stores in search of gifts truly had a purpose in life, that he suitable for you, I was "Please accept my gift, and must do all he could to find unsuccessful. Nothing above all, have a very, very

peace and joy. He thought, "I seemed appropriate; nothing merry Christmas and a happy

must promise myself to do carried the meaning I really want new year!"

WWA And from her... You've known that, haven't you... before...?

With her tears of humility, gratitude, pride And you have touched your precious hand upon that (Oh, Sister Emma Rae) door?

Her tears have watered, day by day. And the heavens sing.

Those roots. This earthhouse gladdens at that touch.

Her eyes are wells of heaven Oh Prophet David, Emma... you have given us

Where angels trace so much.

The beatitude of glory in her motherface. Accept our love;

Each of us cares.

How can we sing You are our precious link with God;

A greater song You are the prophet.

Than "Bless This House,"We love you—

When all the notes prevail You have shown us how to climb the stairs.

Upon the worlds beyond to split the veil?

They sit and watch us, now, again. And so, in this brief moment of our mortal life.

And reach us with their hearts We stand, pausing on the stairs.

In our "Amen.""How did he walk...?

Was her step so...?

You know. You know. This way: his sure; hers soft, kind..."

From all the earth Someday we shall know your voices in the realms

Your eyes reach heaven above And your birth from earth to heaven now is close. Where you, with Father, plan new worlds of love.

December 1967 17 He loved life and lived it with verve and vigor. His

deep reservoir of stories and experiences flowed over constantly with delightful, often sobering, always

A tribute to significant lessons of life. Deliberate and judicious

as he was, the quick, sweet memory that will always accompany mention of his name is a picture of the President upturned corners of his mouth beginning to twitch, smile, of the crinkling in the eyes the beginning warm cylntomeRj)Ivins follow. that story appropriate the inevitably would and

By President Marion D. Hanks Life was deep and broad and sweet to Antoine, and

Of the First Council of tlie Seventy thankfully, it was long. He loved it.

As to family, the record is clear. His love and

In a talk he prepared for general conference but loyalty to his Vilate was a great example to multiwas not well enough to deliver, Antoine R. Ivins wrote tudes. Their companionship and friendship were

these words: sweet and constant, their travels always together.

"7 am reading again my Bible, this time in the These twain had become one. In her last illness he

Spanish language, so as to keep as fresh as possible waited on her faithfully over the months, sleeping on my control over this very interesting tongue. At a cot in her hospital room to give assistance, to be

present I am in the Gospel by John. It seems not to near. For his brothers and sisters and nieces and

matter which one of the Gospels one may read, he nephews his concern was genuine and deep. He loved

learns one very important fact, told time and time them very well.

first became ill, it was throughagain, that Christ came to save sinners so as to carry When Elder Ivins them also into the kingdom of God. I learn that he an attack that occurred while he was in his apartment

was constantly invoking the law of forgiveness followalone on a Sunday evening. He was found the first

ing sincere repentance. It is most refreshing to learn thing Monday morning when a choice secretary

that people who make mistakes, finding out the error became alarmed because he did not appear at his thereof, after abandoning the ill, may receive, still, office early, a habit he had practiced for years. In

opportunity to serve and earn entry into the kingdom."his labors as in all other things, he was consistent and

President Ivins'life was characterized by the gentledevoted and entirely dependable. Serving came

ness and meekness and love that Christ taught and naturally to him and was a delight. He loved his work

exemplified. Keen and fair of mind, astute in analysis, and performed it with constancy and diligence and

learned in law and languages and mathematics and great capacity.

many of the ways of man, Brother Ivins was a conFor God and his kingdom and his children, Antoine siderate, loving, generous, forgiving servant of God. Ivins gave his life. From his hospital bed he said,

humbly rejoicing that many loving friends and assoUnpretentious, seeking no preference or praise, he listened to the sorrows of multitudes and brought ciates had visited him in his illness, "The sweetest them solace and hope and courage and endured his part of this experience has been to learn that my own problems through his knowledge of the gospel labors over the years have not been unacceptable."

it. Thusand his faith in the Redeemer. There was a rare tear in his eye as he said

How can the life of a man be measured? In many was a lifetime of selfless service modestly celebrated

ways, perhaps, but in these, surely: by a good man who had the great strength of gentleHow did he look on life? What was his attitude ness and the gentleness of great strength. It might

toward his family? How did he feel about his work have been for him that the poet wrote:

and how did he perform it? What was his relationship with others? What service did he give to God? "His life was gentle, and the elements so mix'd in him

By these or any other worthy standards, President That Nature might stand up and say to all the world

Antoine R. Ivins lived a rich and constructive life. 'This was a man!'

of "See November 1967 issue The Improvement ]iortrait Era for a fullcolor God bless his beloved memory, o of Ivins. President and brief biography

18 tmprovement Era.\.:6iv

plf, eW#

S %\

*%ij

Photo by Jerry Harvey

TheTabernacleChoirMarks Its 2,000th Broadcast

By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Research Editor

)ne Sunday durWest"will be heard. affiliated with the National Broadcast- o ing World War The first successful broadcast from ing Company, originated the first

II, a divinity student in the Midwest the Tabernacle of which we have network Tabernacle Choir program for returned to her offcampus quarters. record occurred June 26, 1923, when one half hour on Monday afternoon,

"Oh, you've been to your religious U. S. President Warren G. Harding July 15, 1929.

service,"her landlady said. "And I've spoke and the choir sang on a proReminiscing as the choir marked the

been to mine; I've just listened on my gram carried by radio station KZN. conclusion of its 25th network year on

radio to the Salt Lake Tabernacle Whether that was the beginning of July 18, 1954, Edward B. (Ted) KimChoir."the dream of pioneer radioman Earl ball recalled announcing that first

Perhaps this lady is still listening to J. Glade to broadcast the Tabernacle program:

the choir, along with millions more who organ and choir regularly is not known. "Preparations included the hanging

now enjoy the program each Sunday KZN and KFPT, callletter predecessors of heavy drapes across the front of as it is beamed widely over the world of KSL, broadcast frequently from the the choir and covering the seats with on radio, shortwave, and television. On Tabernacle. Manager Glade overcame heavy carpeting.

Sunday, December 17, 1967, the many obstacles and technical diffi- "The microphone used was ex- 2,000th consecutive radio network culties, often with the help of radiotended to its full height on the pulpit broadcast "from the Crossroads of the men in the East, before KSL, then and was of the old condenser type. It '

December 1967 19

DESERET

1. MAN MAY KNOW BOOK'S

FOR HIMSELF Teachings of President David0. iVIcKay compiled by Clare CHRISTMAS

Middlemiss $4.95 Filled with insight, encouragement, hope, and positive guides to more fruitful living, from President gleanedas GIFT writings and sermons.McKay's SELECTION jK

2. A MORE EXCELLENT

WAY by Neal A. Maxwell $2.95

Provides Latterday Saints with a thoughtful yet practical guide to the development of leadership in the home and in Church positions. Invaluable advice

on how to commend and reprove,to stimulate leadership qualities.

3. LET'S TALK 5. A SCRAPBOOK OF INSPIRATION 7. THE CHURCH OF THE

by Lindsay R. Curtis $2.95 by Karen & Paul Searle $3.95 OLD TESTAMENT

Vividly written discussions of some of the Here are some uplifting thoughts by John Tvedtnes $2.95

pressing concerns of our time... teenage culled from the works and sayings of the Stresses the eternal nature of the gospel,

delinquency, sex, drugs... by an M.D. greats of yesterday and today. Handy for and offers proof that the same priesthood

who knows the problems of youth firsthand. 2y2 minute talks, etc., or to stimulate ideas authority which Jesus brought to earth

An aid to correct thinking for young people. for longer talks. existed with the ancient prophets and exists

today in the L.D.S. Church.

4. KEY TO HAPPINESS 6. IT'S SMART TO BE A

by Beatrice M. Sparks $3.95 LATTERDAY SAINT 8. HE WALKED THE AMERICAS

Directed to high school and college age by LaRue C. Longden $2.50 by L. Taylor Hansen $6.95

girls, this fascinating book deals with many Spirited and motivating words that will Intriguing proof from a nonMormon author of the problems faced by these young encourage the young to live up to L.D.S. of the presence of a "great Christian

women in their encounter with the world. standards. The importance of clean living teacher"in the Americas. Drawn from

Foreword by Laraine Day. and fullfilling the obligations established Indian legends and folk histories, and

for us are clearly explained. supported by many interesting physical

evidences.

Improvement Era

9. PRIMARY CHILDREN'S HOSPITAL

compiled by the Board of Directors of the Primary

Children's Hospital $1.50

Here are some of the stories of joy and mirth, sadness turned to happiness, and the spirit of charity that abounds in this unique and wonderful institution.

10. SINCE CUMORAH

by Dr. Hugh W. Nibley $4.95

This scholarly research brings to light the latest evidence from the Dead Sea Scrolls that the Book of iVIormon is a true work.

11. THE MAKING OF A PROPHET

by Dr. Lindsay R. Curtis * p OR

The Prophet Joseph Smith's teen years, and the marvelous years of spiritual accomplishment are described in this vivid and dramatic account. Illustrated by

Paul Farber.

12. DOCTRINAL COMMENTARY ON THE

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE by Dr. Hyrum L. Andrus $4.95

A scholarly exploration and analysis of the least known of the standard works that enables the reader to appreciate its scriptural treasures more fully.

'4 HRtSTiWS 13. THE BOOK OF MORMON STORY

by Mary Pratt Parrish Illustrated by Ronald Crosby $5.95

Lavish use of color illustrations and line drawings bring the thrilling stories to life. A wonderful Christmas gift.

CHRISTMAS BOOKS

14. THE REAL STORY OF CHRISTMAS

by W. Cleon Skousen $1.00 hardbound; 35c paperback SoLorei

Pocket books by John J Stewart all $1.25 each

15. FOR GOD SO LOVED THE WORLD

16. THE GIFTS OF CHRISTMAS

17. THE MIRACLES OF CHRISTMAS

/ MAIL EARLY TO INSURE RECORDS TIMELY \7j 18. INSTANT INSANITY DRUGS

DELIVERY \'.lf a recording by W. Cleon Skousen, $5.00 perP'"record postage

\V V./ Thisappraisalpresentsof psychedelica candid, logical,drugs, goofballs,and wellinformedpep pills, and

narcotics.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92668

Circle items wanted 1 2 3 4 b 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 XSttuiCOM P A N Y Book If several of any item are required please indicate number and quantity here 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY 2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Total include plus all extra indicated Cost postage which must $

777 SO. MAIN CALIFORNIA ST., ORANGE, 3V'2% tax for Calif. sales Salt Lake, from tax for Utah residents, ordering and 5% sales

residents ordering from Orange. Please check the final sum,

(check) Paid by check [J money order Q Or, charge my account [j

Name Address;

City State. Zip

Dec Era 57

December 1967 was so high that the announcer had Evans received the assignment in June evening in Narragansett Park for an to climb a stepladder, which was pro1930. The format was modified graduaudience that was estimated at 25,000

vided, in order to reach it. The anally to include more of the now charpeople and may have been even

nouncements were made atop the acteristic commentary. Today, as for larger.

[12foot] ladder.... There was only many years, these gemlike, everfresh "Good concert? It was more than

the one microphone used, which was spoken essays are based upon eternal that. Thanks largely to Richard L.

thought to be adequate, as it was such truths loved by all men. Evans, who acted as a commentator,

an improvement over the old carbonIn September 1932 KSL changed it was also a good show. The singers

type microphone. I can assure you network affiliations and joined the made it a memorable musical; he introthat it was with some trepidation I Columbia Broadcasting System. "Music duced notes of his own that were

approached the task of announcing the and the Spoken Word"with the Tabergenerally genial and often humorous.

first coastto-coast broadcast from this nacle Choir and organ became a SabIn his own modest way, he is as caarea over a tremendous 30station bath morning feature beginning that pable as they, and just as polished.

network. September 4. "The 315 singers, about equally

"The first broadcast was rather The program was later enlarged to divided between men and women, unique in that the organist at the con- a full hour, cut into two equal halves, looked very imposing on a high sole of the -great Tabernacle Organ, with stations along the network electcanopied platform in the infield of the

Edward P. Kimball, was my father. As ing to broadcast either or both halves. park, which is, in season, a race track.

I look back, I feel that he was more Today the program is a regular 25- "The women, dressed in white robes, concerned with the job that I would minute offering of the CBS radio sat at the audience's left, a solid do than he was with his own part network, and is the oldest continuously phalanx of beauty; the men at the

in the broadcast."presented program in United States netright, in evening clothes under the

Conductor Anthony C. Lund led the work radio. lights, made a handsome showing. In

choir in some favorite religious and Over the years the image of the their manner, under the discipline of operatic selections. Some time after choir has grown, and it has presented Richard P. Condie, they were impresthe first organ selection, an annoying concert tours in Europe and America. sive, too. On all counts, they are

"line hum"persisted, causing the NBC The latest one was a Tabernacle cenadmirable.

stations in the East to cut off the protennial-Expo 67 concert tour, which ingram. Technicians corrected the difficluded the Nebraska centennial obNot Calculated For a Choir

culty before another Monday afternoon. servance at Omaha, and during which

An estimated ten million listeners the choir noted Canada's dominion- "They opened their show with 'The could not be disappointed! status centennial with concerts in StarSpangled Banner,'then offered

The Kimball fatherson combination Montreal. It also sang to an audience two sets of three songs each, all nicely

participated in the first four broadof 25,00030,000 at Narragansett Park, sung. That they sound as well in

casts. Then Organist Kimball departed Rhode Island. Narragansett Park as they did last

to preside over the GermanAustrian Elliot Norton of the Boston "Record spring back in their Tabernacle at Salt

Mission and Announcer Kimball went American,"who is among the leading Lake City is not, unfortunately, true.

to fill his mission call to France. U. S. music and drama critics, wrote of The Tabernacle has rather remarkable

Various KSL announcers did the the Narrangansett Park concert: acoustics; the race track has a reTabernacle broadcast during that early "PAWTUCKET, R.I.—The great Mormarkable sound amplifying system,

period, including Roscoe Grover, Earl mon Tabernacle Choir of Salt Lake City very powerful, but that kind of amplifi-

J. Glade, and David Elton. Richard L. put on a good concert here Thursday cation is not calculated for a choir.

22 Improvement Era (The number of choirs which sing at—and all the representatives of other Of an earlier concert at Expo 67,

Narragansett Park is limited.) callings. He made the point that most Frances Goltman of the "Montreal

"They got through the first numof the singers are married and quite a Gazette"told readers on August 23, bers nicely, despite the harsh sound few are married to other members of 1967:

of the amplifiers and with only a the choir; he persuaded all the married "Last night Montrealers had the oppiano, rather than a great organ, for couples to stand, then commented: 'If portunity to hear the world renowned

accompaniment. They sang "Make a you were quick at counting, you would Salt Lake City Mormon Tabernacle

Joyful Noise Unto the Lord,''How have noticed that they came out even.'Choir directed by Richard Condie in

Beautiful Upon the Mountains'and 'The He gave the audience three minutes to Theatre Maisonneuve as one of the

Jubilant Song'—with real jubilation figure out that small Mormon joke. contributions of the United States to

among others. "One singer, who stood alone, was Expo '67. The hall was packed to

"Commentator Evans appeared at identified as an operative of 'perhaps capacity and there is one word that will this point, to give the singers a rest and the greatest cleaning service in the describe the great chorus—MAJESTIC.

to make the evening less formal, more United States.'When the audience "Many people have heard them on

entertaining. He reported some of the politely gave him a hand, Commentator radio, have seen them on television

history of the choir, which has been an Evans remarked drily: 'You have just and in motion pictures, but hearing

important part of the Church of Jesus applauded an agent of the Internal them in person, well, there is just nothChrist of Latterday Saints (The MorRevenue Service.'ing like live art.

mons) for more than a hundred years "The choir went back to singing "The three hundred odd singers were and has been recognized during much after that interlude, offering such a beautiful sight on stage with the of that time by the general public in admired hymns as 'A Mighty Fortress ladies in white on half the stage and the this country and abroad as a great singIs Our Lord,''Lead Kindly Light,''Guide male voices on the other part. To reing ensemble. Us, O Thou Great Jehovah,'and the view this marvellous concert is just

"He suggested with pride and good most stirring number in their repertory: one superlative after another and it is a

humor that 'Eugene Ormandy has 'Come, Come Ye Saints,'which they matter of taste which songs you might called this the world's greatest choir sang in great voice and with real fervor. prefer.

and we have no intention of disputing This is the most famous Mormon hymn, "The program opened with Canada him.'He noted that the members written by a man named William Clayfollowed by The Star Spangled Banner

come from all walks of life—they are ton, and first sung by the Latterday sung with absolutely perfect diction.

all members of the Mormon Church Saints when they trekked across half Three songs from Oratorios by Handel living in or near Salt Lake City—and the Middle West from the Missouri to although different from each other

they have among them members of find freedom in the valley where they were delivered with perfect balance many professions, trades and crafts, would build Salt Lake City. between the bass to soprano sections.

all joined as amateurs under profes- "The last line of the chorus, which The first. Awake the Trumpet's Lofty

sional guidance. the pioneers sang continually during Sound from 'Samson'was sonorous,

that awful march in which 6000 people the famous See, the Conquering Hero

Great Voice, Real Fervor died of hunger or thirst or illness, goes Comes, from 'Judas Maccabaeus''All is well! All is well!'This the Tabshowed how the permanent director,

"To demonstrate the variety of their ernacle Choir sings with more than Richard Condie, can mould the large backgrounds, he persuaded all the docmere melodic beauty; this they sing body into such contrasts of sound that

tors, dentists, and nurses to stand, all from their hearts. To hear them, one cannot get over the quality of their

the schoolteachers—the largest group 315 voices strong, is exhilarating."loud parts and the beauty of the soft

December 1967 23 tones which emote with such delicacy. was heart warming to hear the tremenvelvety smoothness in the softer and

The third hymn, But As His People from dous applause as the members of each lyrical passages and its tremendous

Israel in Egypt, was really expressive. profession stood up. This delightful effectiveness in sonorous magnitude of

"After two more superb songs, How interlude was indeed better than an the 'Hallelujah Chorus'—these are

Beautiful Upon the Mountain by Robertintermission. things that must be heard, and heard

son and Dello Joio's Jubilant Song, "Throughout the concert Alexander 'live,'to be appreciated. There is no

there was a short talk by the regular Schreiner was the hard working and descriptive phrase to convey the idea.

commentator of the Choir, Richard L. excellent accompanist. That was the "How much of the 'Messiah'is caEvans. A splendid orator, Mr. Evans only disappointment in the otherwise pable of arousing spiritual emotions

first thanked Pierre Dupuy of Expo and perfect affair, there should have been and how much is purely concert hall

The World Festival for having them, an organ (or orchestra) but as music that happens to be connected then gave some data about the origin Schreiner is their regular organist every with Scriptural text in outmoded Engof the Mormon Choir. Also there would detail was correct. A grand piano is no lish form is a subject of long debate.

be no intermission and one change on substitute for a great organ like the One of last night's program notes the printed program. one they have in Salt Lake City. quoted an opinion: 'It is remoted from

"Four spiritual hymns came next "Following Evans'delightful speech, churchiy composition as a Mass or one by Martin Luther, the wellknown Lead Bach's Sleepers Wake was the first of Johan Sebastian Bach's Passions.'

Kindly Light by Dykes, a Welsh hymn song, next a Schubert Serenade with a "A curtain talk given last night by J. Hughes and lastly, a Mormon song wonderful accompaniment. A song for summarized the current attitude toward

of their pioneers. Come, Come Ye the Ladies'Chorus and then one for the 'Messiah'from the Mormon viewSaints by Clayton—arranged Cornwall. the Men's Chorus just to show the point and many carried home the in-

"In the intermission period Richard quality of their voices. A remarkable spiration of the Eternal Story whose

Evans gave an illuminating address and piece by Vaughn Williams, 'For All The beginnings are to be found in the Old had the audience in stitches with some Saints'was rich, loud and pure. Two Testament and are continued in the

of his witty comments. Also some more numbers and then Psalms 148 by thought that 'He shall reign for ever

statistics, four hundred and eight Gustav Hoist made a perfect ending to and ever.'"

people arrived in five aeroplanes of a perfect concert. With such reviews, it is little wonder

which over three hundred were singers "A standing ovation followed and that this month will mark two thouearly yesterday morning. By coincitwo encores were added. What a marsand consecutive network broadcasts

dence this is the Centennial of the vellous concert!"well into the thirtyninth year. What a

Mormon Tabernacle. The Choir has a The choir sang at afternoon and contribution the choir, the organ, and

tradition of 120 years. evening performances at the Chautauthe Spoken Word have made in helping

"There are over fifty occupations in qua Institute before joining the to chart a way of life in peacetime and the choir and Mr. Evans asked them to Philadelphia Orchestra under the baton in war, in depression and in times of

stand up as he called some of them. of Eugene Ormandy at the Saratoga plenty. May their contributions conThere were a large number of teachers, Performing Arts Center in presenting tinue for many years to come.

doctors, nurses, lawyers, bankers, busiBrahms'"German Requiem"and Isaac M. Stewart is the Tabernacle

ness men and women. There was a Handel's "Messiah."Choir president, with Richard P. Condie

great laughter when Evans asked the H. P. Donlon of the Amsterdam, as conductor, and Jay E. Welch, assole internal revenue member to arise New York, "Recorder"wrote: sistant conductor. Tabernacle organists

and jokingly commented, 'You don't "It was the Mormon Chorus that are Alexander Schreiner, Robert M.

have the problems we do.'(Oh, no?) It captivated.... The vocal quality, its Cundick, and Roy M. Darley. O

24 Improvement Era The Relation- 'Either belief or nonbelief "ship may be neurotically determined

Between something is true any different are more neurotic than people who from needing to believe that it is do not believe or do not have a not true? Of course not. It is testimony. The point is that Psychoobvious among disbelievers, espeneurotic needs can lead one astray,

cially some disbelievers of Morbut such needs can lead one as monism, that their disbelief is much in the direction of unbelief partly determined by personal as belief. logical needs. So, to begin with, this issue 4. This leads us to conclude that

is as relevant to one who does either belief or nonbelief may be not believe as it is to one who does neurotically determined, and that believe. belief can also occur in people who Needs & 2. There is no such thing as a are not neurotic and for whom bebelief that does not have needs that liefs are not fulfilling unrealistic

at least partly determine it. This needs.

applies to all kinds of beliefs and 5. Nothing in human experience Personal values—religious and nonreligious, would suggest that all unbelievers

believing and nonbelieving. Everyare neurotic and that their position

one has a need to believe something is blindly determined by maladapabout the basic issues of life. There tive processes, nor is this true for Beliefs is no escaping it. Everyone must believers either.

By Allen E. Bergin, Ph.D. respond in some manner to the 6. How, then, is it decided that

basic facts of human existence. Dis- a person's beliefs are inaccurate

I was recently asked whether belief is simply one of these ways and needdetermined rather than a testimony is an actual, spiritual of responding. It is just as subreality-determined? There are exexperience, or just the mind's anject to personal need as any other amples of either case in every cateswer to a psychological need to position regarding the ultimate isgory of belief. There are devout

believe. Or, in other words, does sues of life. fundamentalists who believe their

the witness o the Holy Ghost con- 3. The real issue pertains to dogma because they are basically

vince one that the gospel is true, neurotic needs as opposed to hostile and can thus vent their or does one convince himself? normal or realistic needs. Neurotic hidden anger by preaching conTo me the following points have needs can lead a person to unrealisdemnation to unbelievers. There

bearing upon an answer: tic and inappropriate beliefs that are agnostics who are such simply

1. Is needing to believe that ultimately prove to be maladaptive. because of a deep fear of taking a

The question then is who is position on issues; religion is just

Dr. Allen E. Bergin, associate proneurotic rather than who is a beone of the areas where their infessor in clinical psychology, Teachers College, Columbia University, liever or a nonbeliever. No matter ability to make and defend decihas served for five years as a conwhat a neurotic person believes, it sions is manifest. There are atheists

sultant to the Peace Corps and assists in psychological evaluations is likely to interfere with good who simply have never outgrown of Peace Corps candidates. He is a adaptation and to be based on poor an adolescent rebellion against

high councilor in the New Jersey

Stake and is the university adviser contact with reality. There is no religious upbringing. The principle

to Latterday Saint students at evidence whatsoever that people that divides these people from the

Columbia. who believe or have a testimony healthy, realityoriented person is

December 1967 25 1. SECRETS OF A HAPPY LIFE with destiny, including the recent miracle war. 20. THE VALLEY OF TOMORROW

David 0. McKay's sermons and writings liave been Special Combination offer—both for $3.75 by Gordon Allred

selected to help man meet mounting fear, unrest, strife An exciting story of profound spiritual experience. A

and frustration. Reprinted by popular demand. $2.75 10. LIFE EVERLASTING novel. Excellent reading for teenagers. $3.50

by Duane S. Crowther

2. TOO, SACRED OR YOU, REMEMBER life after death will SECRET? Want be like? 21. what to know

Jr. Eberhard, L.by Ernest Zobell, Jr. by Albert of spirit Descriptions conditions, world landscaping,

Here is vital tielp to parents so they can give their wearing apparel, buildings, and occupations. $4.50 The latest addition to the famous and popular "Storychildren the sex education, training and guidance they teller"series. Poems, quotes and anecdotes. $1.25

need to live happy, productive lives. $2.50 11. THE LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL

by Orson F. Whitney

3. THE QUEST FOR EXCELLENCE Written by an inspired grandson, this biography comes

Sill Sterlingby W. close to matching the power and eloquence of the LDS Games flesh. the man in $4.00 collection of short storiesThis fascinating new and

and essays is rich with inspiring techniques for personal perfection and achievement. $3.75 12. INSPIRATIONAL VERSE FOR 22. SEQUENCE

LATTERDAY SAINTS, VOL. I A new game with cards and quizzes having to do with

4. AN OPEN DOOR the Book of Mormon. Fun for all ages. $2.00

by Richard L. Evans 13. VOLUME II

Inspiring reading that leads the reader through the by Calvin T. Broadhead 23. PRESIDENTS CARD GAME

spiritual doorways that make up our dayto-day life. Over 200 carefully selected poems in each volume. A f.jn game for all ages using cards with pictures of

$3.00 Indexed by subject. Ideal for talks and lessons. Church presidents. $1.00

$2.50 each 5. THOUGHTS FOR AN LDS MOTHER 24. FAMILY TREE

14. THE Schoenfeldby Elizabeth

for CONSTITUTION BY A THREAD A genealogy 2 players or new 2 teams. Played game VetterIi by Richard

verseThoughts, and ideas especially compiled for LDS with cards and clues. fascinating A game. $1.95

mothers. Interesting and inspiring. $1.75 A book of great dedication that speaks out in support

spiritual of the and moral principles upon which Ameri25. SEEK

ca founded. was $4.756. ROAD LONG THE

quiz A game for young and old. $1.95

Dilworthby S. Young

15. FAITH OF A SCIENTIST THE

highlights the aroundA moderntype poem woven 26. ZION Eyring Henry of by

porSmith. A gripping Joseph life of the Prophetthe

trayal. $2.50 Dramatic proof that true religion and true science can A family quiz game with 600 questions. Separate quesand do function in complete harmony. $3.00 tions for young and old. $2.49

7. THE TEN MOST WANTED MEN

by Paul Dunn 16. THE FOURTH THOUSAND YEARS

An instructive look at the ten most desirable traits of by W. Cleon Skousen

leadership. Aptly illustrated with stirring examples. The dramatic sweep of Biblical events from the time Children's Books

$3.95 of David to Christ. Nearly 900 pages. Excellent for

teaching and study. $6.95 27. BOOK OF MORMON STORIES

8. MORMON DOCTRINE by Emma Marr Petersen $3.25

by Bruce R. McConkie 17. ACCORDING TO YOUR FAITH

A summary of all fundamental doctrines of the gospel. by Emma Marr Petersen 28. STORIES OF JESUS FOR LDS

Ideal for personal study, priesthood classes, gospel An exciting and inspiring LDS novel based on Christian CHILDREN study and missionary work. $6.95 ideals and morality. Ideal for teenagers. $2.25 by Jane Lund and Nancy Menlove $2.25

18. HIS SERVANTS SPEAK 29. LDS ADVENTURE STORIES

9. FANTASTIC VICTORY by R. Wayne Shute by Preston Nibley $2.00

by W. Cleon Skousen An outstanding collection of excerpts from BYU devoand the national best seller.. tional services. Quotes from General Authorities. $2.50 30. CHRISTMAS READINGS FOR THE

LDS FAMILY THE NAKED COMMUNIST 19. THE CHURCH AND THE NEGRO Compiled by George Bickerstaff

by W. Cleon Skousen by John L. Lund From greatgrandparents down to the youngest child,

Elder Skousen, in "Fantastic Victory,"has turned out A frank and open discussion on the Negro's position everyone will find something here to enjoy. A dozen

a penetrating account of Israel's latest rendezvous in the LDS Church. $2.50 heartwarming stories and 9 beautiful poems. $1.50

BOOKCRAFT II86 south Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Enclosed is my check or money order in the amount of $

Please send the following circled books:

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16

17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30

(Residents of Utah please add 3'2% sales tax)

NAME ADDRESS

CITY

STATE ZIP

26 Improvement Era December 1967 27 the ability to unflinchingly weigh ance? In other words, are people danger that a normal person's prayall evidence for its truth value, who claim a testimony the type of ing will lead him to an erroneous

regardless of source. Relative to a people we would like to ignore, conclusion. If he is afraid that

testimony of the gospel, this seems or are they healthy, productive, simply praying about Mormonism to be the essential issue. Is the and personable human beings? If will lead him to believe it, even if

person who claims he has a testithey are the latter, it's hard to beit were untrue, then he has little mony willing to examine all evilieve that their testimony is detercontrol over himself. If he's really

dence, pro and con? Is the person mined by neurotic or unrealistic worried about that, he can pray

who does not have a testimony needs. about Catholicism, atheism, and

willing to do the same? This test 8. A corollary of some of the other "isms,"as well as Mormonalways divides the sheep from the foregoing issues is the idea that ism—all at the same time.

goats, regardless of which side of people believe in religions or If one takes rational precautions, the fence they are on. theologies because they fulfill studies, and then opens his heart

7. Now, what about the outsider one's needs, even though these to God, the Lord will cause a burnwho is trying to make a judgment needs may be normal and not ing within that is unmistakable and

about the gospel without fooling neurotic. I say, hurrah! The more undeniable. It is different from

himself? First of all, he must a religion fulfills the needs of men, other human emotions, and bears

recognize that it is just as easy, the better it is. Not that we should a solemn and transforming influpsychologically speaking, to fool believe anything just because it ence upon one's entire being. The

himself in the direction of disbelief makes us feel good, but true research for this experience and the as in the direction of belief. Second, ligion should be superior to anyknowledge it brings is the most

he must weigh all the evidence. He thing in existence in the extent to essential of all life's pursuits. It

must not be content Math a slipshod which it fulfills the requirements causes a deepened, but reasonable, evaluation, or he will be in danger for human satisfaction and growth. joy to rise in one's heart, and brings

of erring in the direction of malIn summary, the way to avoid with it a newness of life that has adaptation to things that are really psychologically convincing oneself been referred to as a "quickening true. Third, he should examine the of something that is untrue is to not of the inner man."Thus the

lives and characteristics of people jump to conclusions. A deliberate searcher must look for two things:

who claim they have a testimony. weighing of all evidence will help (1) the fruits of such experience

Do they jump on tables, roll under one avoid pitfalls. This means in the lives of those who claim to

benches, and meet in darkened humility and openmindedness. It have it, and (2) the inspiration

rooms, or can they talk reasonably implies searching the scriptures, that can rise within his own soul and intelligently about their spirtrying the doctrine, and praying. as he seeks to establish contact

itual experiences? Are they subEven if one doesn't believe in with the Almighty himself. It is

missive, afraid, doctrinaire, or does prayer, an honest man will give it no wonder that when such contact their belief inspire them to per- a try if there's some new knowledge is finally made, it is never forgotsonal growth, courage, and tolerhe may gain by it. There is no ten, nor denied. O

A Christmas Pattern // watchful shepherds on Judean hills

Had fixed their eyes on earthly ways the night

By Annabelle Stewart Altwater That one great star stood trembling overhead,

They never would have seen its wondrous light.

And had their ears been tuned to worldly things,

To clanging cymbals or to sounding gong,

They would have missed the glorious refrain;

They never would have heard the angel song.

Then had their minds been small and prejudiced,

Would they have followed where the great star led?

Would they have thrilled to that celestial choir

And gone to worship at the Christ Child's bed?

The choice is ours—to walk where shadows are

Or, shepherdlike, search out his shining star.

28 Improvement Era Because ofOne Small Child

By Mabel Jones Gabbott Editorial Associate

Let me tell you about a child, whose birth

Was breathed on the windlift of an angels'chorus;

In the meridian of time this hope of earth

Was born to Mary—a God, committed for us.

Let me tell you how heaven rejoiced, starred

With light to the vast reaches of galactic space;

How humble ones brought bleating gifts; froyn far,

Far miles starseekers came to see his face.

And let it be witnessed that the hope remains

Of race and creeds and color reconciled

In peace after the wise Magian way,

Of hate imprisoned, selfishness in chains.

Of brotherhood, because of one small child.

Cradled in a manger in the hay.

CJ

Illustrated by Warren & Phyllis Luch

JSL[NEEOLELaaM Needleloom presents the carpet that takes the public in stride.

Laureloc''of Zefkrome E.S.R

E.S.P: Engineered for Superior Performance.

The important new carpet for Color retention: Lasting color, Specifications:

public places introduces the insafe in sunlight because the Line: Laureloc

novations of Zefkrome acrylic. color is locked in when the fiber Pitch:.216(V8 gauge)

ENGINEERED FOR SUPERIOR is made. Tufts per inch: 9.5

PERFORMANCE. Note the adDirt resistance: Zefkrome is a Height of Pile:.250

vantages in aesthetics and wear. smooth circular acrylic fiber that Tuft Bind: 15 lbs. pull

Color: Multichromes, a concept doesn't hold dirt the way other Primary Back; polypropylene

developed for greater richness. trilobal acrylic fibers do, Moth Secondary Back: jute

Durability: Wear tests of 2 million and mildew proof. Face Yarn: quadratones 70%

footsteps or 54 years. Zefkrome Zefkrome acrylic, 30%

is strongerthan other acrylics by modacrylic. Stock colors

as much as 50%. available in 12foot width only.

Cleanability: "Laureloc"returns Stock colors available in 15foot

to its original appearance after width for 600 sq. yds. per

onIocation cleaning better than coloration.

any other acrylic carpet. Zefkrome does not lose its color in NeedleloomLaurel Hill, NorthCarpetsCarolina 28351

cleaning since the fiber is proGentlemen: Please send me details on colors

ducer dyed and colored all the and prices of "Laureloc".

way through. Name

Address.

City

State..Zip Code.

Zefkrome is a irademark of Dow Badische Company

December 1967 31 Tliel37tli Seralannual General ConferencePhoto by Claude// Johnson p: ''j jiJinyj,

.* >; *U'

'WIR4M 1!-5.—. Y?f, >a;:

:",?* 1! ''..iSifw"'s-

rW*:

(tSK

;S|

'J'

i"-.

M W- ** -**'A I

SHBIm *iffiBf W'Ws?w**?j*

...1 mf Greeting Given by President McKay

Good morning. It is a joy to stand flowing, and those who will speak

before this great audience this mornfrom this rostrum will all share their ing. The Lord bless all who particitestimonies with this great audience.

pate in the exercises of this day. I think it would perhaps be well for

The Tabernacle seems filled to overme to sit down and not attempt to speak.

Unity of Purpose Important to the.. McKAY Accomplishment oj &oas Work President of the Church

(Read by his son Robert R. McKay)

My dear brethren and sisters and world may believe that thou hast sent The Prophet Joseph Smith spoke of friends of the radio and television audime. the cloud that hangs over the Church

ence: With a deep sense of the respon- "And the glory which thou gavest me when we are not united. He said:

sibility that rests upon me in giving to I have given them; that they may be "The cloud that has been hanging over

the membership of the Church a mesone, even as we are one."(John us has burst with blessings on our

sage at a general conference, I earnestly 17:1422.) heads, and Satan has been foiled in his

pray for your sympathy, your underThis text is taken from one of the attempts to destroy me and the standing, and your spiritual support. most glorious prayers—I suppose the Church, by causing jealousies to ariseI pray that the blessings of the Lord greatest prayer—ever uttered in this in the hearts of some of the brethren;

will be with us that we shall have a world, not excepting the Lord's Prayer. and I thank my heavenly Father for

spiritual response to the truths of the This was Christ's prayer uttered just the union and harmony which now gospel as never before, not only during before he entered the Garden of Gethprevail in the Church."{Documentary

this opening session, but throughout all semane on the night of his betrayal. History of the Church, Vol. 2, p. 355.

the meetings of this 137th semiannual It must have been impressive for John Italics added.)

conference. I extend to each of you a to remember so much of it and to write The experiences of the chosen chilhearty welcome, and want you to know it word for word, as he has here. dren of the Lord upon other occasions

that I am grateful for your presence The occasion itself would be impressignal to us the causes of temporary here in this historic tabernacle, the sive to John, and undoubtedly as they failure coming out of disunity, and an onehundredth anniversary of which knelt there in that upper room before unwillingness to abide the will of God.

we are celebrating this month. they went through that beautiful gate Unto the Jews of ancient Jerusalem, the

I acknowledge with deep gratitude into Gethsemane, the garden of olives Lord said:

the loyalty and faith of the members at the base of the Mount of Olives, he "O Jerusalem, Jerusalem, thou that of the Church, and again express heartnoted particularly the plea of the killest the prophets, and stonest them felt appreciation for your prayers in my Savior. I know of no more important which are sent unto thee, how often

behalf, which have sustained and upchapter in the Bible. The parts I have would I have gathered thy children

held me. It is truly a joy and a rich quoted contain two important mestogether, even as a hen gathereth her

blessing to be associated with you in sages to you and to me. One of these chickens under her wings, and ye

the work of the Lord, and I am grateful messages is found in the words, "Make would not!

for the success and growth of the them one as thou. Father, and I are "Behold, your house is left unto you

Church during the past six months. one."desolate."(Matt. 23:3738.)

You no doubt will be interested in It is the principle of unity that has And in our own dispensation, to the knowing that for the first time sessions enabled the wards, stakes, branches, saints who again by division and disof this conference are being televised in and missions of the Church to progress unity did not see the redemption of color over more than 200 stations in and to accomplish the purposes for Zion, he said:

the United States and Canada, and which the Church was established. It "Behold, I say unto you, were it not

will reach a potential of 40 million could not have been done by dissension for the transgressions of my people, homes. and hatred. There have been difficulspeaking concerning the church and

"I have given them thy word; and ties. Each member of the Church has not individuals, they might have been

the world hath hated them, because his own ideas. Sometimes they are redeemed even now."(D&C 105:2.)

they are not of the world, even as I am not the same as those of the bishopric, The challenge is before us; we cannot of the world. and not the same as those of the presinot fail in the divine commitments

"I pray not that thou shouldest take dency of the stake, and not the same as given to us as a people. Unity of

them out of the world, but that thou the Presidency of the Church; but each purpose, with all working in harmony

shouldest keep them from the evil. has had to submerge his own ideas to within the structure of Church or-

"They are not of the world, even as I the good of the whole, and in that ganization as revealed by the Lord, is am not of the world. united purpose we have achieved someto be our objective. Let each member,

"Sanctify them through thy truth: thing that is wonderful. teacher, and leader feel the importance

thy word is truth. As I think of the future of this of the position that each one holds.

"As thou hast sent me into the Church and of the welfare of the young All are important to the successful world, even so have I also sent them men and women, as well as of the accomplishment of God's work, which into the world. mothers and fathers, I feel impressed is our work.

"And for their sakes I sanctify mythat there is no more important mesUnto the Ephesian saints the Apostle self, that they also might be sanctified sage to give than "to be one,"and Paul gave this wise counsel:

through the truth. avoid things that may cause a rift "There is one body, and one Spirit,

"Neither pray I for these alone, but among members. I know that the even as ye are called in one hope of

for them also which shall believe on adversary has no stronger weapon your calling;

me through their word; against any group of men or women "One Lord, one faith, one baptism,

"That they all may be one; as thou, in this Church than the weapon of "One God and Father of all, who is

Father, art in me, and I in thee, that thrusting in a wedge of disunity, doubt, above all, and through all, and in youthey also may be one in us: that the and enmity. all. -

December 1967 33 "And he gave some, apostles; and was a branch of the Church in Damaspare them with the greater and more

some, prophets; and some, evangehsts; cus, presided over by a humble man real things of life. And yet, I know

and some, pastors and teachers; named Ananias, and Jesus recognized from experience that the adversary can

"For the perfecting of the saints, for that authority. He knew Saul's naso magnify them that they become

the work of the ministry, for the edifyture. He knew that in the future it mountains in our lives, and we are

ing of the body of Christ: would be difficult for Saul to recognize offended, and our spirituality starves

"Till we all come in the unity of the the authority of the Church, as inbecause we entertain those feelings.faith, and of the knowledge of the Son stances later proved. Saul had to There is another element—faultof God, unto a perfect man, unto the receive from the very man whom he finding—associated with that spirit of

measure of the stature of the fulness was going to arrest instructions regardenvy. We find fault with a neighbor.

of Christ."(Eph. 4:4-6, 1113.) ing the gospel of Jesus Christ. We speak ill of each other. When

Unity of purpose, with all working Here is a lesson for all of us in this that feeling comes, it is a good thing in harmony, is needed to accomplish Church. Let us, too, recognize the just to sing that simple little Mormon

God's work. In a revelation given to local authority. The bishop may be a hymn, "Nay, Speak No 111."

the Prophet Joseph Smith about one humble man. Some of you may think

year after the Church was organized, you are superior to him, and you may "Nay, speak no ill; a kindly word

the Lord in a broad sense makes be, but he is given authority direct Can never leave a sting behind;

known why his great work, to be acfrom our Father in heaven. RecogAnd, oh, to breathe each tale we've

complished, has been restored for the nize it. Seek his advice and the advice heard

benefit of mankind and to prepare the of your stake president. If they cannot Is far beneath a noble mind.

way for his second coming. Said he: answer your difficulties or your probFull oft a better seed is sown

"And even so I have sent mine everlems, they will write to the General By choosing thus the kinder plan.

lasting covenant into the world, to be Authorities and get the advice needed. For, if but little good is known.

a light to the world, and to be a Recognition of authority is an imporStill let us speak the best we can.

standard for my people, and for the tant principle.

Gentiles to seek to it, and to be a Unity and its synonyms—harmony, "Then speak no ill, but lenient be

messenger before my face to prepare goodwill, peace, concord, mutual unTo other's failings as your own.

the way before me."(D&C 45:9.) derstanding—express a condition for If you're the first a fault to see,

Herein we learn of the great obligawhich the human heart constantly Be not the first to make it known, tions placed upon this people to assist yearns. Its opposites are discord, conFor life is but a passing day;

the Lord in bringing these things to tention, strife, confusion. No lip may tell how brief its span;

pass among men. It requires unity I can imagine few, if any, things Then, O the little time we stay,

and dedication to its purposes. Conmore objectionable in the home than Let's speak of all the best we can."

cerning this need, the Lord has given the absence of unity and harmony. On {Hymns, 116.)

this warning: the other hand, I know that a home

"... Every kingdom divided against in which unity, mutual helpfulness, "Let us speak of all the best we can."

itself is brought to desolation; and and love abide is just a bit of heaven Would not that be a glorious lesson in

every city or house divided against iton earth. I surmise that nearly all of the world today in the midst of the

self shall not stand."(Matt. 12:25.) you can testify to the sweetness of life false propaganda that is going out

The greatest safeguard we have for in a home in which these virtues prefrom one nation to another—reviling,

unity and strength in the Church is dominate. Most gratefully and humbly defiling, defaming? Is it not terrible

found in the priesthood, by honoring I cherish the remembrance that never when you think of it in the light of and respecting it: Oh, my brethren once as a lad in the home of my youth the gospel?

presidents of stakes, bishops of wards, did I ever see one instance of discord And that reminds me of a beautiful story that years ago. I read father between many all and mother, and that the hold and who priesthood—God

before the English guns happened understanding goodwill and mutual has It bless in leadership, in your your you responsibility to guide, to bless, to combeen the uniting bond that has held opened the doors to the Japanese nafort the people whom you have been together a fortunate group of brothers tion. During those days they worappointed to preside over and to visit. and sisters. Unity, harmony, goodwill shiped their ancestors as they do now,

Guide them to go to the Lord and are virtues to be fostered and cherished but they worshiped beautiful spots in seek inspiration so to live that they in every home. nature, too; and even today, if you

may rise above the low and the mean, One of the first conditions that will follow a walk up one of those hills, and live in the spiritual realm. bring about disunity will be selfishyou will be sure that it will lead you

Recognize those who preside over you ness; another will be envy: "Brother to a magnificent view where you may

and, when necessary, seek their advice. Soand-so passed me by and said nothcontemplate the beauties of nature.

The Savior himself recognized this auing to me about the matter.""The The story says that an old philosthority on earth. You will remember bishopric chose Sister Soand-so to be opher used to meet the people and

the experience that Paul had just as organist, and she can't play half as teach them the lessons of virtue and he neared Damascus with papers in his well as I.""I'm not going to priesthood uprightness that he drew from the

pocket to arrest all who believed in meeting any more because the bishopflowers and shrubs that grew so

Jesus Christ. A light suddenly shone ric appointed a certain man to act as luxuriantly in that land. One morning,

about him, and he heard a voice sayadviser of the priests.""The Sunday following his lecture, the old philosoing, "Saul, Saul, why persecutest thou School chose Soand-so as a teacher."pher was accosted by a workman who

me?""The superintendent released me, and I said, "Tonight, when you come back

And Saul said: "Lord, what wilt feel hurt.""The presidency of the from your walk, will you please bring

thou have me to do? And the Lord stake has never recognized me, and I me a rose that I may study its stamens,

said unto him. Arise, and go into the feel offended.""The General Authoriits petals, and see the lesson that you

city, and it shall be told thee what ties do not always see eye to eye."Oh! gave us last night?"

thou must do."(Acts 9:4, 6.) a hundred and one little things like The old philosopher said, "I will

He could have told Saul in a few that may come up—little things, ingive you the rose tonight."

words what he should do, but there significant in themselves when we comAnd a second accosted him and said.

34 Improvement Era "Will you bring me a hawthorn twig apart the home, and undermine our ample evidence. Of the menace of

that I may continue my study of that?"very civilization. one of these. Dr. William F. Russell,

And he replied, "I will bring you a As we concern ourselves with unity dean of Teachers College, Columbia hawthorn twig."in the Church, we must not be inUniversity, and one of the many auAnd a third said, "Will you please sensible to the evil forces around us, thorities whom we might quote as to

bring me a lily tonight that I may both here in America and in the world the pernicious activity of these groups, study the lesson of purity?"at large—the influences, the avowed said nearly 30 years ago in an address

"I will bring you a lily."object of which is to sow discord and that has since proved to be prophetic:

After working hours the three were contention among men with the view "Communist leaders have steadily at the gate to meet the philosopher. of undermining, weakening, if not eninsisted that Communism cannot live

To the first he gave the rose, to the tirely destroying constitutional forms in just one country. Just as we fought

second the hawthorn twig, and to the of government. If I speak plainly and, to make 'the world safe for democracy,'

third the lily, as he had promised. in condemnation, refer to reprehenso they are fighting to make the world

Suddenly the man with the rose sible practices and aims of certain safe for Communism. They are fightsaid, "Oh, here's a thorn on the stem organizations, please do not think that ing this fight today. Every country

of my rose!"I harbor ill will or enmity in my heart must become Communistic, according

And the second said, "And here's a toward other United States citizens or to their idea. So they have sent out

dead leaf clinging to my hawthorn the citizens of any country whose missionaries. They have supplied them

twig."views on political policies do not cowell with funds. They have won conAnd the third, encouraged by the incide with mine. But when acts and verts. These converts have been orremarks of his companions, said, "And schemes are manifestly contrary to ganized into little groups called 'cells,'

here's dirt clinging to the root of my the revealed word of the Lord, we feel each acting as a unit under the orders lily."justified in warning people against of a superior. It is almost a military

"Let me see,"said the old philosthem. We may be charitable and fororganization. They attack where there

opher, and he took the rose from the bearing to the sinner, but we must is unemployment. They stir up disfirst, the hawthorn twig from the seccondemn the sin. content among those oppressed. They

ond, and the lily from the third. From Timely references and appropriate publish and distribute many papers

the rose he broke the thorn and gave warnings have been given from time and pamphlets."

it to the first. He plucked the dead to time on the danger and evils of Continuing, Dr. Russell states:

leaf from the hawthorn twig and war. There is another danger even "These are scurrilous sheets. In one

handed it to the second. He took the more menacing than the threat of inissue I noted twentynine errors of fact.

dirt from the roots of the lily and vasion of a foreign foe of any peaceAfter a recent address of mine they placed it in the hands of the third. loving nation. It is the unpatriotic passed out a dodger attacking me, with

Holding the rose, the hawthorn twig, activities and underhanded scheming a deliberate error of fact in each paraand the lily, he said, "Well, each of of disloyal groups and organizations graph.... The idea is to try to entice

you has what attracted him first. I within any nation, bringing disintegrainto their web those generous and

left the thorn on the rose purposely, tion, that are often more dangerous and publicspirited teachers, preachers, sothe dead leaf on the hawthorn twig, more fatal than outward opposition. cial workers, and reformers who know

and the dirt on the lily. Each of these For example, an individual can distress, and want to do something

attracted you first. You may keep usually protect himself from thunder about it. These Communists know

them now, and I will keep the rose, the showers, and even from tempests, from what they are doing. They follow

twig, and the lily for the beauty I freezing weather or intense heat, from their orders. Particularly they would

see in them."drought, or floods, or other extremes like to dominate our newspapers, our

Not a few of us have a thorn in the in nature; but he is often helpless colleges, and our schools. The camflesh as did Paul. Perhaps to some when poisonous germs enter his body paign is much alike all over the world.

of us a dead leaf of some past act is or a malignant growth begins to sap I have seen the same articles, almost clinging. It may be that there is a the strength of some vital organ. the same pamphlets, in France and

little dirt in our character, but each The Church is little, if at all, inEngland as in the United States."

one has also a rose in his life, a hawjured by persecution and calumnies ("How to Tell a Communist and How thorn twig, or a lily. And it is a from ignorant, misinformed, or malito Beat Him,"an address given in

glorious lesson for us to learn: to see cious enemies. A greater hindrance to 1939.)

the rose and be blind to the thorn; its progress comes from faultfinders, One of our U. S. senators just reto see the hawthorn twig and be blind shirkers, commandmentbreakers, and cently called attention to conditions

to the dead leaf; to see the lily and not apostate cliques within its own ecclesiexisting in our country today. He

the dirt in our fellow's character. astical and quorum groups. said: "America has been afflicted over

I do not know of anything that will So it is with any government. It is the past three or four years by an

contribute more to unity in a ward, in the enemy from within that is most epidemic of acts of socalled civil dis- a stake, and in the Church than for menacing, especially when it threatens obedience. Municipal ordinances and

members to see the good in man, and to disintegrate established forms of state statutes have been wilfully and to speak well of each other. good government. intentionally disobeyed by individuals

On the world horizon calamities conToday, there are in this country and groups. Private property has been

tinue to menace the people—the enemies in the form of "isms."I call subject to deliberate trespass.

tragedy of war with the suffering of them antiAmericanisms, and what is "Mobs have taken to the streets, the innocent, the broken harmony of true in America is true in other couninterfering with commerce, creating the homes in the death of a valiant tries. Only a few of the leaders fight public disorder, and breaching the

son or husband. The seeds of discord openly; most of the army carry on as peace. Ciyil disobedience has at times

and confusion among the masses termites, secretly sowing discord and been advocated from some of the pulcaused by riots and violence of all sorts undermining stable government. Of pits throughout the land and encourmake important the need for complete the truth of this statement, investigaaged, upon occasion, by illadvised

unity within our own ranks, as we see tions made by a committee of the statements of public officials. Mobs

these worldwide disturbances tear United States Senate and the FBI bear have frequently been so large that the

December 1967 35 police were helpless to make arrests. (Senator Robert C. Byrd of West Virland, in 1939, just before the outbreak

"These acts of socalled disobedience ginia, Deseret News, August 7, 1967.) of World War II.

have been proclaimed by important Thus, we are witnessing the attempts I had met a very prominent Engpolitical personages to be in the finest that are being made at this very time lish gentleman, a member of the House

American tradition. It was said to be by insidious forces to induce contenof Commons and formerly one of the

good Christian doctrine to disregard tion and confusion in organized sojustices of the supreme court of Britain.

manmade laws which conflicted with cieties of mankind. In a series of conversations on various

one's own conscience, and, of course, by And now, brethren and sisters, I subjects, "vexations of the soul,"he implication, those who enforced manecho the prayer of the Savior: "Make called them, we talked about business

made laws were likewise to be disthem one, Father, as thou and I are and law; about politics, international

regarded. This [is indeed] a strange one. In the world, but not of the relations, and war; and we frequently

and false doctrine world. I pray not that thou shouldest discussed religion.

"Few people have dared to voice an take them out of the world, but that He called me on the phone one day objection for fear of being labeled thou shouldest keep them from the and asked if I would meet him at his 'bigot,'and representatives of law and evil."(See John 17:15 ff.) office and explain some phases of my

order have become pictured as villains God help us that we may continue faith. He said, "There is going to be

while lawless marchers and sitdowners to serve humanity; that we may feel a war, and you will have to return to

have become the figures for comin our hearts that we are privileged to America, and we may not meet again."

serve that children; shall God's be passion."we statement regarding His the imminence

as his shall that people, united "Finally, continues, and then we senator The possibility of that the and war we as country. a united be responsible and most perhaps the to not again proved be would meet

riots, father every the factor magnify the underlying damaging May prophetic.

of his priesthood in for rate, disrespect crime home growing and God own

I to his office, said went he When is his wife and, beloved with lessened of a and that order, comand law intrigued things been had by some is his teach children panion, the of he evident ways discipline, today which

I told church. about had asked He my us. as to of revealed the increasing Lord young number an among

if I brief prepare a on would Morme to are bearers over society. Priesthood watch in American people our The

it I discuss as with and monism him for it is the this always, the Church has Lord once and was not what home legal discuss a problem. would He this instruction, families that is discipline given our in parental reflected a

which is not what it used to be. may walk uprightly before our Father said, "You have told me that you be-

"All too many children are not in heaven: "The teacher's duty is to lieve that Joseph Smith was a prophet

taught to respect their elders. The watch over the church always, and be and that you believe that God the

general atmosphere of permissiveness with and strengthen them; Father and Jesus of Nazareth appeared

permeates too many homes, too many "And see that there is no iniquity in to him in vision.

schools and too many churches in the church, neither hardness with each "I cannot understand,"he said, "how

America. A few, but highly articulate other, neither lying, backbiting, nor a barrister and solicitor from Canada,

and vocal, churchmen advocate the evil speaking; a man trained in logic and evidence

decease of divinity. "And see that the church meet toand unemotional cold fact, could ac-

"These are all symptoms of a sick gether often, and also see that all the cept such absurd statements. What

society, a sickness which, if left to members do their duty."(D&C 20:53you tell me about Joseph Smith seems

run its course unchanged, will destroy 55.) fantastic, but I wish you would take

law and order and a progressive society I bear testimony that we are engaged three days at least to prepare a brief of free men. in God's work, in the saving of souls. and permit me to examine it and

"In such an atmosphere of perMay we find the strength, by unity question you on it."

missiveness, civil disobedience and within the Church, to go forward in I suggested that, as I had been workdisrespect for civil law, the seeds of the accomplishment of his purposes. ing on such a brief for more than 50

crime have taken deeper root and the This I humbly pray, in the name of years, we proceed at once to have an nation is now reaping the harvest."Jesus Christ. Amen. O examination for discovery, which is

briefly a meeting of the opposing sides in a lawsuit where the plaintiff and

The Profile of a Prophet todefendant,examine witheach other'stheir attorneys,claims andmeetsee whether they can find some area of

court later on.BROWN, agreement and thus save the time of President Hugh B. theI said perhaps we could find some

of the First Presidency common ground from which we could discuss my "fantastic ideas."He

My brothers and sisters who are witness to the claim that the gospel agreed, and we proceeded with our members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Jesus Christ as it was taught by "examination for discovery."

of Latterday Saints, and my brothers him and his apostles in the meri(5ian Because of time limitations, I can and sisters who are members of other of time was restored in the state of only give a condensed or abbreviated churches, or of none; all who may be New York in 1830 by Jesus the Christ, synopsis of the threehour conversation

listening to the proceedings of this and was organized under his direction that followed. I began by asking,

conference, I salute and welcome as through the Prophet Joseph Smith. I "May I proceed, sir, on the assumption

my brothers and sisters because I beshould like to give some reasons for that you are a Christian?"

lieve in the universal Fatherhood of this faith and attempt to justify my "I am."

God and the consequent universal allegiance to the Church. Perhaps I "I assume that you believe in the

brotherhood of man. can do this best by referring again to Bible—the Old and New Testaments?"

I should like to support and bear an interview I had in London, Eng- "I do!"

36 Improvement Era "Do you believe in prayer?"sible answer as I see it is that we don't ings will be convincing evidence of his

'1 do I"need him. We have made such rapid prophetic calling: "By their fruits ye

"You say that my belief that God strides in education and science that shall know them."

spoke to a man in this age is fantastic we don't need God any more."18. His word and message will live

and absurd?"And then he said, and his voice after him.

"To me it is."trembled as he thought of impending 19. All of his teachings will be

"Do you believe that God ever did war, "Mr. Brown, there never was a scriptural. In fact, his words, writings,

speak to anyone?"time in the history of the world when and message will become scripture.

"Certainly, all through the Bible we the voice of God was needed as it is "For the prophecy came not in old have evidence of that."needed now. Perhaps you can tell me time by the will of man: but holy men

"Did he speak to Adam?"why he doesn't speak."of God spake as they were moved by

"Yes."My answer was, "He does speak, he the Holy Ghost."(2 Pet. 1:21.)

"To Enoch, Noah, Abraham, Moses, has spoken; but men need faith to hear I believe Joseph Smith was a prophet

Jacob, and to others of the prophets?"him."of God because he gave to this world

"I believe he spoke to each of them."Then we proceeded to examine what some of the greatest revelations of all

"Do you believe that contact be- I may call a "profile of a prophet."time. I believe that he was a prophet

tween God and man ceased when We agreed that any man who claims of God because he foretold many

Jesus appeared on the earth?"to be a prophet should have at least things that have come to pass, things

"Certainly not. Such communicathe following characteristics: that only God could bring to pass.

tion reached its climax, its apex at that 1. He will boldly but humbly deJohn, the beloved disciple of Jesus,

time."clare, "God has spoken to me."declared, "... the testimony of Jesus

"Do you believe that Jesus of 2. His message will be dignified, is the spirit of prophecy."(Rev. 19:10.)

Nazareth was the Son of God?"intelligent, earnest, and honest, but he If Joseph Smith had the testimony of

"He was."will not necessarily be a learned Jesus, he had the spirit of prophecy,

"Do you believe, sir, that after the person, and if he had the spirit of prophecy, he resurrection of Christ, God ever spoke 3. There will be no spiritualistic was a prophet. I submitted to my

to any man?"claims of communion with the dead, friend, that as much as any man who

He thought for a moment and then no clairvoyance or legerdemain. ever lived, the Prophet Joseph had a

said, "I remember one Saul of Tarsus 4. Generally he will be a young testimony of Jesus, for, like the aposwho was going down to Damascus to man such as Samuel; a man having tles of old, he saw him and heard him

persecute the saints and who had a good parentage and associates. speak, and like them he gave his life

vision, was stricken blind, in fact, and 5. His message must be reasonable for that testimony. I know of no one

heard a voice."and scriptural. who has given more convincing evi-

"Whose voice did he hear?"6. He will be fearless and positive, dence of the divine calling of Jesus

"Well,"he said, "the voice said 'I am unmindful of current opinion and the Christ than did Joseph Smith.

it persecutest: Jesus thou is hard creeds of I believe the day. whom Joseph Smith a prophet was "

pricks.'to kick against the for thee will did he make no concessions to because 7. He many superhuman

"Do you believe that actually took public opinion or the effect upon himthings. One was translating the Book

place?"self or his reputation or personal of Mormon, which is a history of the

"I do."fortune. ancient inhabitants of America. Some

"Then, my Lord"—that is the way 8. His message must be current, people will not agree, but I submit that

wemonwealth—"myaddress judges Lord,in theI Britisham submitcom- unusual,9. He butwill historicallysimply but consistent.earnestly tell Josephof MormonSmithdidina superhumantranslating thework.BookI

ting to you in all seriousness that it what he has seen and heard. ask anyone to undertake to write the

was standard procedure in Bible times 10. His message, not himself, will story of the ancient inhabitants of

for God to talk to men."be important to him. America, to write as he did without

"I think I will admit that, but it 11. He will boldly declare, "Thus any source material. He must instopped shortly after the first century saith the Lord!"clude in the story 54 chapters dealing

of the Christian era."12. He will predict future events in with wars, 21 historical chapters, 55

"Why do you think it stopped?"the name of the Lord, events that he chapters on visions and prophecies

"I can't say."could not control, events that only (and remember, when the writer be-

"You think that God hasn't spoken God could bring to pass. gins to write on visions and prophecies,

since then?"13. His message will be important he must have the record agree meticu-

"Not to my knowledge."not only for his generation but Tor all lously with the Bible). He must write

"May I suggest some possible reatime, such as the messages of Daniel, 71 chapters on doctrine and exhortasons why he has not spoken. Perhaps Ezekiel, and Jeremiah. tion, and here too, he must check

it is because he cannot. He has lost 14. He will have courage, fortitude, every statement with the scriptures or

the power."and faith enough to endure persecuhe will be proved to be a fraud. He

He said, "Of course that would be tion and, if necessary, to give his life must write 21 chapters on the ministry blasphemous."for his testimony, and be willing to of Christ, and everything the writer

"Well, then, if you don't accept that, seal his testimony with his blood as claims Jesus said and did and every perhaps he doesn't speak to men bedid Peter and Paul.

cause he doesn't love us anymore. He 15. He will denounce wickedness

is no longer interested in the affairs fearlessly and be rejected and ridiculed Man is an eternal being, his body is

It eternal. but die slumber, and mayof therefor. men."

it will burst barriers the of the tomb, said, 16. loves will he "No,"things, all men, do "God superhuman He in forth of resurrection the and

respecter ofand persons."things no a he is that only man inspired of the Taylor John just.—Presidentcome then, that don't accept "Well, do. could if you God

he loves us, then the only other pos17. The consequence of his teachDecember 1967 37

testimony he writes in the book about speed. He undertook, by divine comcontinuous."

him must agree absolutely with the mand, to gather thousands of people The judge sat and listened intently.

New Testament. to Zion. He instituted vicarious work He asked some very pointed and

I ask, would anyone like to underfor the dead and built temples for that searching questions, and at the end of take such a task? I point out, too, purpose. He promised that certain the interview he said, "Mr. Brown, I

that he must employ figures of signs should follow the believers. There wonder if your people appreciate the

speech, similes, metaphors, narration, are tens of thousands of witnesses v/ho import of your message. Do you?"

exposition, description, oratory, epic, certify that this promise has been fulHe said, "If what you have told me is lyric, logic, and parables. I ask the filled. true, it is the greatest message that has

writer to remember that the man who I said to my friend, "My Lord, I come to earth since the angels antranslated the Book of Mormon was a cannot understand your saying to me nounced the birth of Christ."

young man who had very little schoolthat my claims are fantastic. Nor can This was a learned judge speaking, a

ing, and yet he dictated that book in I understand why Christians who claim great statesman, an intelligent man.

just a little over two months and made to believe in Christ would persecute He threw out the challenge, "Do you very few, if any, corrections. For over and put to death a man whose whole appreciate the import of what you

one hundred years, some of the best purpose was to prove the truth of the say?"He added: "I wish it were true.

students and scholars of the world have things they themselves were teaching, I hope it may be true. God knows it

been trying to prove from the Bible namely, that Jesus is the Christ. I ought to be true. I would to God,"he

that the Book of Mormon is a fraud, could understand their persecuting said, his voice trembling, "that some but not one of them has been able to Joseph if he had said, 'I am Christ,'or man would appear on the earth and that prove in anything contrary it was said, authoritatively if he 'There had is no Christ,'"say, 'Thus saith the to scriptures, the Bible, if the the word or said he had else is Lord.'someone

of God. Christ; then Christians believing in As I intimated, we did not meet

The Book of Mormon not only deChrist would be justified in opposing again. I have mentioned very briefly

clares on the title page that its purhim. some of the reasons why I believe that

pose is to convince Jew and Gentile "But what he said was, 'Him whom Joseph Smith was a prophet of God.

that Jesus is the Christ, the Eternal ye claim to believe in, declare I unto But undergirding and overarching all

God, but this truth is also the burden you.'Paraphrasing what Paul said in that, I say from the very center of my

of its message. Athens, 'Whom therefore ye ignorantly heart that by the revelations of the

In Third Nephi it is recorded that worship, him declare I unto you.'(Acts Holy Ghost I know, and you may

multitudes of people testified, "We saw 17:23.) Joseph said to the Christians know, that Joseph Smith was a prophet

him, we felt of his hands and his side, of his day, 'You claim to believe in of God. While the evidences I have

we know he is the Christ...."(See Jesus Christ. I testify that I saw him mentioned and many others that could

3 Ne. 11:1415.) and I talked with him. He is the Son be cited may have the effect of giving

Joseph Smith undertook and acof God, the Redeemer of the world. one an intellectual conviction, only by

complished other superhuman tasks. Why persecute me for that?'the whisperings of the Holy Spirit can

Among them I list the following: He "When Joseph came out of the one come to know the things of God.

organized the Church. (I call attenwoods where he had this vision, he By those whisperings I say I know that

tion to the fact that no constitution had learned at least four fundamental Joseph Smith is a prophet of God. I

effected by human ingenuity has surtruths, and he announced them to the thank God for that knowledge. I pray

vived one hundred years without modiworld: first, that the Father and the that you may in humility ask him

fication or amendment, even the Son are separate and distinct indiwhether it be true, and I promise you

Constitution of the United States. The viduals; second, that the canon of that he will respond and that you will

basic law or constitution of the Church scripture is not complete; third, that know from the warmth in your heart

has never been altered.) He undertook man was actually created in the image that what I have said this morning is

to carry the gospel message to all naof God; and fourth, that the channel God's eternal truth, to which I humbly

tions, which is a superhuman task and of communication between earth and bear witness in the name of Jesus is still progressing with accelerated heaven is open, and revelation is Christ. Amen. o

TANNER, PreWeni TV. Eldon The Power of Prayer of the First Presidency

President McKay, brothers and where we can have our faith renewed and which, with the "Spoken Word"sisters everywhere, it is a joy indeed and our testimonies strengthened; by Richard L. Evans, has been heard

to be here today in this historic Taberfrom where, as radio and television weekly by millions of people since nacle, here on this beautiful Temple have made it possible, the great mes1929. The latest tour, which was

Square, where members of the Church sages of the leaders of the Church made about a month ago, made it poshave been meeting at these regular have gone out to all the world. We sible for thousands and thousands of

conferences during the past hundred wish to extend a warm welcome to our people in Canada at the exposition, years; where, as did those who have radio and television audience today. in New York, Michigan, Nebraska,

preceded us, we enjoy the Spirit of the We have just heard the beautiful Oklahoma, Massachusetts, and Rhode

Lord, listen to words of wisdom, and rendition of this great Tabernacle Island to enjoy its magnificent conare instructed in gospel principles; Choir, which was organized in 1847, certs.

38 Improvement Era On behalf of the First Presidency, As Richard L. Evans has said so "'In the beginning of the contest

those assembled here, and, I feel sure, beautifully: "Our Father in heaven with Britain, when we were sensible

all members of the Church, we wish is not an umpire who is trying to count of danger, we had daily prayers in this to express our sincere and deep appreus out. He is not a competitor who room for divine protection.

ciation to President Isaac M. Stewart; is trying to outsmart us. He is not a "'Our prayers. Sir, were heard; and

to the conductors, Richard P. Condie prosecutor who is trying to convict they were generously answered....

and Jay Welch; to our organists, us. He is a loving Father who wants "'I, therefore, beg leave to move:

Alexander Schreiner, Robert Cundick, our happiness and eternal progress and "'That henceforth, prayers implorand Roy Darley; to every dedicated who will help us all he can if we will ing the assistance of Heaven and its

member of the choir, and to others but give him in our lives an opporblessings on our deliberations be held who have contributed to its outstandtunity to do so with obedience and in this assembly every morning before ing success. May the Lord continue humility, and faith and patience."we proceed to business.'"("A Priceless

to bless them with success. To pray effectively, and to feel that Asset,"Spotlight, May 1966.)

As we reflect on the many conferone can be heard and have his prayers This was done, and now we enjoy ences that have been held under the answered, one must believe that he the fruits of their labors in answer direction of prophets and inspired is praying to a God who can hear and to prayer. Prayer has never been outleaders, all of whom have been dedianswer, one who is interested in his moded in this great country. Lincoln,

cated servants of God, many of whom children and their wellbeing. The who prayed to the Lord continually for

were really giants of the Lord, it cerfirst record we have of anyone praying guidance, said:

tainly makes one feel humble to to the Lord is that recorded by Moses "It is the duty of nations as well occupy this position. I do earnestly in these words: "And Adam and Eve, as of men to own their dependence

pray and ask that I may have an interhis wife, called upon the name of the upon the overruling power of God, to est in your faith and prayers, to the Lord, and they heard the voice of the confess their sins and transgressions in effect that the Spirit of the Lord will Lord from the way toward the Garden humble sorrow... and to recognize

be with us while I stand before you, of Eden, speaking unto them, and they the sublime truth that those nations that what I may say will be in keeping saw him not;... only are blessed whose God is the

with his Spirit and helpful to those "And Adam and Eve, his wife, Lord."

assembled here and to those who may ceased not to call upon God...."President Dwight D. Eisenhower, at

be listening in. I sincerely pray that (Moses 5:4, 16.) the time of his inauguration, petitioned

the Spirit and blessings of the Lord Great and influential men have althe Lord:

will attend you, that those things you ways prayed for divine guidance. Even "Give us, we pray, the power to disdesire in righteousness will be given this great nation was founded on cern clearly right from wrong, and to

you. prayer. U.S. Senator Strom Thurmond allow all our works and actions to be

I have great faith in prayer, and reminded us of this in May of last governed thereby, and by the laws of believe that "more things are wrought year wherein he said: this land... so that all may work

by prayer than this world dreams of.""The Mayflower Compact, written for the good of our beloved country,

(Tennyson, Morte D'Arthur.) In fact, in November of 1620, begins with a and for thy glory. Amen."

I have chosen to talk on prayer and prayer, 'In the name of God,'and goes Samuel F. B. Morse, inventor of the

pray that the Lord may help us realize on to state: 'We... having undertelegraph, said that whenever he could

the importance and value of prayer, taken, for the glory of God,... do by not see his way clearly, he knelt down

and what a great privilege and opporthese presents solemnly and mutually and prayed for light and undertunity every one of us has of going in the presence of God, and of one standing.

to the Lord in thanksgiving and supanother, covenant and combine ourWe have that sweet and simple plication. selves together into a civil body prayer recorded by astronaut Gordon

It is because I have had my prayers politic'Cooper while orbiting the earth:

answered so many times throughout my "Thus our nation began founded on "Father, thank you, especially for life, and because I feel so keenly the prayer. The kneeling figure of George letting me fly this flight. Thank you

great need of calling upon the Lord, Washington through that bitter winter for the privilege of being able to be in and because I have experienced the in Valley Forge is a part of this counthis position, to be up in this wondrous strength and blessings and guidance of try that should never be forgotten.... place, seeing all these many startling,

the Lord in the position which I now "The Constitutional Convention in wonderful things that you have hold, that I have chosen to discuss June'of 1787 had been meeting for created."

this subject with you today. I pray weeks without agreement, when Benja- I join with Senator Thurmond in

that those who doubt might be helped min Franklin rose to his feet and his appeal to "our people to pray more, to see and understand that God is our addressed George Washington: to examine the religious heritage of

Father, that we are his spirit children, "'Mr. President: The small progress our country, and to see the benefit of

and that he is really there, and has we have made after four or five weeks seeking God's blessings. Prayer is the

said: "Ask, and it shall be given you; close attention and continual reasononly way in which the finite can comseek, and ye shall find; knock, and it ings with each other... is a melanmunicate with the infinite;... in

shall be opened unto you: choly proof of the imperfection of the which the visible may be in touch with

"For every one that asketh receiveth; human understanding.... We have the invisible. You may easily see, if

and he that seeketh findeth; and to gone back to ancient history for models you but examine the history of our

him that knocketh it shall be opened."of government that now no longer Nation, that prayer and communica-

(Matt. 7:7-8.) exist. And we have viewed modern tion with God is the very cornerstone

I often wonder if we really realize states... but find none of their of our society. If you allow it to be

the power of prayer, if we appreciate constitutions suitable to our circumabandoned now, you will be casting what a great blessing it is to be able stances.... How has it happened, away the greatest asset this Nation, or

to call on our Father in heaven in Sir, that we have not, hitherto, once any other nation, has ever known."

humble prayer, knowing that he is thought of humbly applying to the All of the prophets, from Adam to interested in us and that he wants us Father of Light to illuminate our our present prophet, have prayed unto succeed. understandings? ceasingly for guidance, and even the

December 1967 39 AHENTION, CHOIR Savior prayed continually to God the that he, through his son Jesus Christ

Eternal Father. We read, regarding and his prophets, has given us in simto relationship ple it language in man's to pass Savior: came "And CONDUCTORS! the regarding our preinformation a into God, out days, that he those went

Suggested LDS Choir Anthems mountain to pray, and continued all mortal existence, the purpose of our fact earth, the here and mission on 6:12.) to (Luke prayer in God."night

Gates Eventide 'Tis M Me,Abide With existence, or postmortal our our all of us that admonished has Lord The

Wl Schreiner Glory, HonorAll and Laud is real, life after that death, and what the prophet pray, James through to and Robertson Evening in April MAll the will for condition the us here do we this promise: us given has per Beautiful M As theAmerica

Awake! Arise! Stickles E "If any of you lack wisdom, let him world to come.

Beautiful Zion for Me Daynes E ask of God, that giveth to all men We must not be misled by the

Bless Ye the Lord Ivanoff E liberally, and upbraideth not; and it doctrines of men. All the studies of

Brother James Air Jacob M shall be given him. science and philosophy will never anCome, Come Ye Saints Robertson D "But let him ask in faith, nothing swer the question: "What is man and

Cornwall MCome, Ye Saints Come is is it here?"is like answered But he that wavereth wavering. For he why

Davis M of the Earth BeautyFor the gospel of in the the simply clearly sea driven and of the with a wave Kessel toGlory M God instructed: are (|as. Christ, 1:5-6.) tossed."Jesus and we and wind Eberlein is Holy MGod

God So Loved the World Stainer E This promise is given to every one "If any of you lack wisdom, let him "(Jas. 1:5.)Gospel Gives Unbounded Schreiner E of us—high and low, rich and poor. It ask of God

Strength, The is universal, unrestricted to you and to Let us be prepared to do this and

Schreiner M theGospel Power Is Truly to told Savior the neighbors. those our has and to not be as He whom me of God

".. said: did. well believe referred, us that have and must he we when Mendelssohn Israel OverHe M Watching

Here in This House Howorth M faith in God. We should know that Esaias prophesy of you, saying,

Holy City Arnold MD the Lord stands ready to help his "This people draweth nigh unto me

How Beautiful Upon the Harker MD children if they will put themselves with their mouth, and honoureth me

Mountains keepin tune through prayer and by their lips; but their heart is far with

I Shall Not Pass Again Effinger E fact, ing the In his commandments. from me. This Way

If Ye Love Me, Keep My Carlbon M Lord has said: "I, the Lord, am bound "But in vain they do worship me,

Commandments when ye do what I say; but when ye teaching for doctrines the commandIn House MacDermid Father's M My I say, ye not 15:7-9.) have do what of (Matt. no ments men."

GounodJerusalem, Turn Thee M is promise."it 82:10.) important, the Lord Yes, and (D&C TitcombJesus, Love of M Wondrous Name

us has Lord ourwarned that The emphasizes humble that we we must D Is Shelley ofKing Love Shepherd My

Let Not Your Heart Be Foster M must humble ourselves and not be as selves and accept the teachings of

Troubled the ancient prophet said: Many men Jesus Christ and keep his command-

E Gates Speal<Let Oft Kind Words Us lifted if to in pride their "are of expect hear the up would ments him we

IVID Is Haydn Lo, Divine Shepherd My eyes, prayers. of stumbled, because should and have our answer and We

Praetorius Lo, M a Rose Beauteous What their to as greatness truthfully, of block say stumbling prepared all be E the Lutkin Keep BlessLord You and You... nevertheless, did, the to in put they speaking the Romans, Paul down Mendelssohn Is M God, The MightyLord a

Lord Hear Our Prayer Verdi MD power and miracles of God, and "For I am not ashamed of the gospel is their for it Christ: themselves of unto the power preach up of God own Richards M Is Lord My Shepherd, The

..."their to beevery salvation and Gates one that M wisdom own learning. Lord's unto Prayer

Lord's Prayer Robertson MD (2 Ne. 26:20.) lieveth...."(Rom. 1:16.)

May Now Thy Spirit Trehorne M Paul said, concerning the proud man It is difficult to understand why

My Redeemer Lives Gates M of the world: some cannot believe, or find it very

Now Let the Heavens Be Chambers M "But the natural man receiveth not hard to believe, that God can hear Joyful

Now Thank We All Our God Holler E the things of the Spirit of God: for and answer our prayers, and yet they

Now Thank We All Our God Bach M they are foolishness unto him: neither believe that astronauts can leave the

Brother Man Robertson M can he know them, because they are earth and travel in outer space at

Cast Thy Burden Upon Aulbach E spiritually discerned."(1 Cor. 2:14.) thousands of miles per hour and still

Lord the that they directed base; the "For from things be what knoweth home man Mendelssohn M Let Us Worship Come, base touch save the spirit with can keep in a man, home which of man M of in Ages Cornwall Help God, Our

Past is in him? even so the things of God and receive instructions and be led in

Lofty Mountains Cannon M knoweth no man, but the Spirit of their activities and then be brought

Loving Savior, Slain for Us Auber M God."(1 Cor. 2:11.) back to a safe landing here upon the

Worship the King Cornwall M As that great student, the late Presiearth.

Sibelius M People Ye Onward if ability question said, Clark, can God's dent Jr., Reuben we How men J. D Macfarlane Eyes OurOpen prayers our hear answer and learn are to and guided be and by to of God Jenkins M Gates the Open

if all direct in things us will pride but of their him, they put "must we M Durham Wayfaring Man of Grief Poor

Son of Man Robertson M learning and their achievements from keep in tune with him and at the

Spirit of God Neidlinger M their hearts. And why not? For how same time have no doubt that Surveyor

Still, Still With Thee Shelley M like a drop in the ocean is the knowlIII, a mechanical instrument, can be

Thanks to Thee, Lord Handel M edge of the wisest compared with the sent out from the earth to the moon

That Blessed Easter Morn Caldwell E fullness of the truth of the universe. and there be directed by mere man

Handel M Verdant Meadows It inthe here earth? followed upon as confess the must Jesus humbly Men

Schreiner MD Watchmen AreWe it as dig, structions to directed is to 'for Christ, was there other none name M Shaw Singing of Voice a With digging, stop to to a report, send make given under heaven men, among easy, indicate E, D M, Letters MD and The pictures, to again. dig and back As saved. the | whereby must be we "\On difficult. difficult, and medium medium,

it was in tune, it could be Average Price is 25c to 30c Way to Immortality and Eternal Life, long as p. 6.) directed.

are as astronauts, Surto or the recognize be prepared must We We PateOra sent as out our misof the world, the Creator by God to fill and veyor, a Child""To Stewart's ffgjMJijifMAin\ God

C<> or Solo Music Trio each 50c S3401 FALLS,0. BoxIDAHO2009 IDAHO p.

40 Improvement Era 01 m dedicated to ouramilys Success f=F=f I TamilycAcliievement institute

Marilyn VanDerbur Former Miss America

Pat Boone

'e secret of success in anything is to first find success in the home.

he Family Achievement Institute program is not In this time of chaos, upheaval and general % just a single product, but it is a carefully developed disregard for morals, laws... and the apparent

package of dynamic involvement material, inspirweakening of the very fibers that build great, sucing recordings... highly illustrated visual aids cessful families... I feel that we have a project, a

and a tremendous combination of new original program and a service to offer that is unmatched games and family oriented programs. This outanywhere.

standing package is designed specifically to provide practical direction to families as to how they might live together, and enjoy one another to a higher degree.

This is a powerful, positive, practical, enjoyable program that any family anywhere can use and enjoy with positive, practical results.

Robert G. Pedersen, Vice President, International Sales

VMHJnc, International P.O. Box 182, North Salt Lake, Utah 84054

Please send me immediately additional information about this fabulous amiiycActiievement institute program.

Name

Phone

Address

City state Zip

International Sales & Seminar Headquarters Qpiease send information about the sales opportunities with V.M.H.

P.O. Box 182 / North Salt Lake, Utah 84054

0m December 1967 41 sions here upon the earth. He wants for us, and thereby we become more confess him, lest they should be put

us to succeed. He stands ready to appreciative. We all know what it out of the synagogue:

answer our prayers and assures us a means to hear or receive an expression "For they loved the praise of men safe landing as we return if we will of gratitude for anything we might more than the praise of God."(John

but keep in touch with him through have done. Our forefathers set aside 12:4243.)

prayer and do as we are bid. a day of thanksgiving. I fear that Let us all pay heed to the warning

As we pray, however, are we presome of us even forget that day. of the Lord himself, wherein he said,

pared to ask the Lord to bless us as we I wonder if we are sometimes guilty regarding the American continent:

answer his call or acknowledge and of not expressing to the Lord our grati- "Behold, this is a choice land, and serve him? tude, even as the lepers who were whatsoever nation shall possess it shall

Are we prepared to ask the Lord to healed. We all remember so well the be free from bondage, and from

forgive us as we forgive one another? story of Jesus healing the ten lepers, captivity, and from all other nations

For the Lord has said: "... if ye forwho cried: "... have mercy on us. under heaven, if they will but serve

give men their trespasses your heavenly "And one of them, when he saw that the God of the land, who is Jesus

Father will also forgive you; But if ye he was healed, turned back, and with Christ...."(Ether 2:12.)

forgive not men their trespasses neither a loud voice glorified God, With this warning from the Lord, will your Father forgive your tres- "And fell down on his face at his we have this promise: "... seek

passes."(3 Ne. 13:1415.) feet, giving him thanks: and he was a ye first the kingdom of God, and

We may well stop and analyze our Samaritan. his righteousness; and all these

own situation. Do we wait until we "And Jesus answering said, Were things shall be added unto you."

are in trouble and then run to the there not ten cleansed? but where are (Matt. 6:33.)

Lord? As we pray, do we give orders the nine? We should all have the courage and

to the Lord by saying, "Bless this,"and "There are not found that returned determination to say as did Joshua:

"Bless that,""Give us this,"and to give glory to God, save this "... choose you this day whom ye will

"Give us that,""Do this,"and "Do stranger."(Luke 17:13, 1518.} serve;... but as for me and my house,

that"? And as Mark Antony said when we will serve the Lord."(Josh. 24:15.)

Or do we pray that we might be led referring to Caesar, who recognized his The Lord has instructed parents to do that which is right, or be blessed friend Brutus among his assassins: to teach their children to have faith

thingswith those are for our which living Christ, the of the Son God, of in cut the most unkindest "This wasbest for always should good? pray to to pray uprightly and We and walk all;

desirethe strength determinaand and is before Lord. the no There doubt noble the For Caesar saw him whention to will the of if our do Heavenly that children, are they to our taught stab.

Father, a living pray to they God in whom and always stand ready to do Ingratitude, more strong than traitors'faith,his bidding. easily have can more upwalk arms,

for before the different Lord. reasons. pray Men his rightly burst Quite vanquished him: then

I shall to to their express of never are driven able fully be knees outMany..."heart. mighty

fear, to appreciation pray. for parents then they only do and my my Caesar, Shakespeare, Julius (William

to to secretly teaching in dire pray theOthers to go Lord and when me 3, sc. 2.) Act

participate in direction with of family forneed prayer. immediate them which

they know of no other place to go. I am sure that the Lord expects us to My mother taught me at her knee.

Nations are called by their governexpress our gratitude for our many She made me feel and know that I ments in case of a national tragedy, blessings as we ask for his continued was talking to the Lord, to our Maker, drought, or plague, famine or war, to blessings, and to ask forgiveness for our our Father in heaven, and that he was call upon God for his blessings, for failings and the desire and strength to conscious of my acts and my wishes his protection, and for his direction. do right. and my needs. I was taught that I

Some people ask to be healed, others When we pray, it is important that should express my sincere thanks, ask to be strengthened. They ask for the we set about to do all in our power to for forgiveness, and ask for strength to

blessings of the Lord to attend their make it possible for the Lord to answer do the right. This has always been a

families, their loved ones, and themour prayers. As my father said to me great strength to me throughout my

selves in all their righteous endeavors. when I was just a boy, "My son, if you life, and today I pray even more diliThis, I am sure, is all good in the want your prayers to be answered, you gently than I ever did before that the

sight of the Lord. must get on your feet and do your Lord will guide and direct me in my

It is most important, however, that part."activities, that whatever I do will be

we take time to express our gratitude I often think how much more effecacceptable to him.

to our Father in heaven for the many tive it would be, when the country's As I think back to when we used to blessings we receive. I was deeply president calls upon his people to set kneel as a family in prayer every morntouched one day following our family aside a day of prayer, if we were all ing and every evening, I realize what

prayer when one of our little daughliving righteous lives and were preit meant to us as children to hear our ters said, "Daddy, I don't think we pared to acknowledge God as our Crefather call upon the Lord and actually ought to ask for more blessings. The ator and to keep his commandments. It talk to him, expressing his gratitude

Lord has been very good to us, but I seems that many have lost belief in and asking for the blessings of the do think we should ask him to help God entirely, and others question his Lord on his crops and flocks and all us to be worthy of the blessings we ability to answer our prayers. Others of our undertakings. It always gave

receive."Since then we have tried have faith and confidence in their own us greater strength to meet temptation

more diligently to express our gratilearning and in their own strength and when we remembered that we would tude to our Father in heaven and pray power. be reporting to the Lord at night.

for guidance that we might be worthy Then there are those who are as Family prayer in any home will of that which he has given us. the chief rulers referred to in John: draw the family closer together and

As we express our appreciation for "Nevertheless among the chief rulers result in better feelings between father our many blessings, we become more also many believed on him; but beand mother, between parents and

conscious of what the Lord has done cause of the Pharisees they did not children, and between one child and

42 Improvement Era another. If children pray for their Is it because some do not know how truth of it unto you, by the power of

parents, it makes them more appreto pray? If that is true, I suggest that the Holy Ghost.

ciative of their parents, and as they you go to your Heavenly Father in "And by the power of the Holy pray for one another, they feel closer secret. Pour out your heart to him. Ghost ye may know the truth of all

to one another and part of each other, Pray regularly so that you can feel at things."(Moro. 10:4-5.)

especially as they realize that they are home and comfortable while communThis promise applies to all of us if talking to their Father in heaven ing with him. All one needs to do is we will but repent and go to the Lord,

while on their knees in family or secret express his feelings, which the Lord knowing that he can hear and will prayer. Then is when we forget our understands. He has invited all of hear and answer our prayers. We

differences and think of the best in us to call on him regularly and has should all realize that we are God's others, and pray for their wellbeing promised that he will hear our supchildren and that he is still as interand for strength to overcome our own plication. ested in us as he ever was. He still

weaknesses. There is no doubt that we The ancient prophet Moroni, referanswers the prayers of the righteous

are better people when we try to tune ring to the Book of Mormon, said: and those who diligently seek him.

in to the spirit of our Father in heaven "And when ye shall receive these This is my testimony to you. May

so that we might communicate with things, I would exhort you that ye we all humble ourselves and diligently him and express our desire to do his would ask God, the Eternal Father, in seek him through prayer, and then will as we pray for his blessings. the name of Christ, if these things are walk uprightly before him, that we

The Lord has admonished us to not true; and if ye shall ask with a may be led to immortality and eternal

"pray always, lest you enter into tempsincere heart, with real intent, having life, I sincerely and humbly pray in tation and lose your reward. faith in Christ, he will manifest the the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

"Be faithful unto the end, and lo,

I am with you. These words are not

of man nor of men, but of me, even

Christ,Jesus your the Redeemer, by Adam 5 Rolewill of the Father."31:1213.) (D&C President ". said: also has Lord.. the The -ryrrTj

effectual fervent prayer of a righteous in Bringing Us Joseph Fielding OMl 1 11 man availeth much."(Jas. 5:16.) of the First Presidency

I have often asked myself and tried and President of tlie Council of the Twelveto answer the question, "Why do some Mortality people refuse to pray? Is it because they

feel they have not the time?"I rememMy dear brethren and sisters, I made Father. He came into this world to

ber very well a father coming to me a few notes and thought I would preteach mankind who his Father is, why one day regarding his oldest son, with sent them here on this occasion, but we should worship him, how we should whom he was having some difficulty. I have changed my mind after what worship him. He performed the greatThe boy was a good boy, but he was we have heard, and I hope the Lord est work that was ever performed in

getting out of hand. I asked the father will help me. this mortal world by the shedding of

if they had regular family prayers in The singing of the choir has called his blood, which paid a debt that their home. His answer was, "Well, my attention to the fact that there is mankind owes to the Eternal Father,

no, but sometimes. You know, we are a divine Redeemer, the Lord Jesus and which debt we inherited after the

too busy and we go to work at differChrist. When Adam was placed in fall of Adam.

ent times, and therefore it is most the Garden of Eden, he was in the Adam did only what he had to do.

difficult for our family to get together presence of God our Eternal Father. He partook of that fruit for one good

for family prayer."He talked with the Father and the reason, and that was to open the door

I "If asked: that you your knew boy to Father with him. bring But something hapyou and and everyone me

sickwas nigh death, unto would you it to else pened, this into and for happen: had world, Adam and Adam

to get ablebe together your family fruit. certain of partook Bible, could Eve have in remained the Myeach night for each a and morning version, the of in says King Garden the James Eden; they could have been

life to his that prayweek might be fall, if this there of to margin, speaking day, Adam's hadn't Eve done said,spared?"of course.""Why, He it fall."something. "Man's shameful Well,

I tried to to then explain that him fall if all. at a of I wasn't these shameful days, to One ever get arethere other losing of a ways boy

I to bring to here mortality speak came can where I Mother Adam Eve, I also death.than explained that by

earth, the to that resulted her upon in for and thank tempting want Adam families together,where pray they usually stay together, and their ideals the shutting out from the presence of to partake of the fruit. He accepted

are higher, they feel more secure, and the Eternal Father of both Adam and the temptation, with the result that they have a greater love for one Eve and their posterity. The Son of children came into this world. And

another. God comes upon the scene from that when I kneel in prayer, I feel to thank

Next, do they feel too independent, time henceforth as our Redeemer, as Mother Eve, for if she hadn't had too smart, and that they can go it we have just heard in the song this that influence over Adam, and if Adam alone? Or are they ashamed to call choir has sung. It is the Savior who had done according to the commandupon God? Do they think it shows stands between mankind and our ment first given to him, they would

a weakness? Or do they not believe Heavenly Father. We don't pray to still be in the Garden of Eden and

or have faith in God? Or is it that God, except through the Son. The we would not be here at all. We

they do not appreciate their many Son is the mediator between mankind wouldn't have come into this world.

blessings? Or do they not feel worthy? and the Eternal Father. You seldom So the commentators made a great misIf one does not feel worthy, he hear a prayer that isn't offered to our take when they put in the Bible at the

should acknowledge his weaknesses, Heavenly Father in the name of his top of page 3, as I think it is (it may express regret, repent, covenant to do beloved Son, and that's right. Christ not be the same page in every Bible),

right, and ask for guidance. came into this world to represent his the statement "Man's shameful fall."

December 1967 43 Well, that was what the Lord exopportunity of building worlds and pected Adam to do, because that peopling them.

opened the door to mortality; and we Brethren and sisters, let's thank the

came here into this mortal world to Lord, when we pray, for Adam. If it

receive a training in mortality that hadn't been for Adam, I wouldn't be we could not get anywhere else, or in here; you wouldn't be here; we would

any other way. We came here into be waiting in the heavens as spirits

this world to partake of all the vicissipleading for somebody to do what the tudes, to receive the lessons that we scriptures say—a "shameful thing,"

receive in mortality from or in a mortal which it wasn't—or to pass through a

world. And so we become subject to certain condition that brought upon

pain, to sickness. We are blessed for us mortality.

keeping the commandments of the We are in the mortal life to get an

Lord with all that he has given us, experience, a training, that we couldn't which, if we will follow and be true get any other way. And in order to

and faithful, will bring us back again become gods, it is necessary for us to into the presence of God our Eternal know something about pain, about

Father, as sons and daughters of God, sickness, and about the other things entitled to the fullness of celestial that we partake of in this school of glory. mortality.

That great blessing of celestial glory So don't let us, brethren and sisters, could never have come to us without complain about Adam and wish he a period of time in mortality, and so hadn't done something that he did. I

we came here in this mortal world. want to thank him. I am glad to have

We are in school, the mortal school, to the privilege of being here and going gain the experiences, the training, the through mortality, and if I will be joys, and the sufferings that we partake true and faithful to the covenants and of, that we might be educated in all obligations that are upon me as a these things and be prepared, if we member of the Church and in the are faithful and true to the commandkingdom of God, I may have the priviments of the Lord, to become sons and lege of coming back into the presence daughters of God, joint heirs with of the Eternal Father; and that will

Jesus Christ; and in his presence to come to you as it will to me, sons and

go on to a fullness and a continuation daughters of God, entitled to the fullof the seeds forever, and perhaps ness of celestial glory. In the name

through our faithfulness to have the of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

Is a Church HUNTER, Elder Howard W. of the Council of the Twelve Necessary?

How many times have you heard to me that the Lord is saying, "Just the statement made or the opinion exbecause a person may acknowledge my pressed that it is not necessary to have authority or have a belief in my divine membership in a church, or to particinature, or merely express faith in my pate in a religious organization, in teachings or the atoning sacrifice I order to be a good Christian or live a made, does not mean he shall enter good Christian life? For a few mointo the kingdom of heaven or attain

ments I would like to examine with a higher degree of exaltation."By imyou the validity of such a statement plication he is saying, "Belief alone

as it relates to the scriptures and to is not sufficient."Then he expressly

sound reasoning, which can be supadds, "... but he that doeth the will

ported in fact. of my Father,"that is, he that works

In order to commence a search of and prunes the vineyard that it may this subject, it would seem basic that bring forth good fruit.

filmprojectors, audiovisual assistance For on sound of Christianity. turn to the author revelation that deals In the we mainly

strip slideprojectors, other A-V equipment, and multitudes, to the living, speaking of the proper the with given mode information participation, When to—including write on Church

Master said: "Not every one that saith by the Lord as a word of wisdom to us,

unto me. Lord, Lord, shall enter into there are some things mentioned that Deseret Book Company

the kingdom of heaven; but he that are good for man as well as things that 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

doeth the will of my Father which is are not good for him, and then the Plesse send me information on in heaven."(Matt. 7:21.) Lord adds this: "And all saints who Name

As I listen to these words, it seems remember to keep and do these sayings, Address

City State Zip....

October Era 67

44 Improvement Era Flip a switch and this 16mm projector runs backwards,

We've made everything else easy, too.

The BELbHolUELL touch: our Autoload 16mm

projector is as easy to run as it is versatile,

Take reverse projection. A simple flip of a

switch makes tine Autoload back up the film to let the teacher show significant scenes again for added emphasis and instruction.

Take threading. It's completely automatic, so

more time can be devoted to actual teaching,

Take single picture projection. Educators told

us that audiovisual instruction is even more effective when the teacher can explain important points in more detail. So she can easily stop the

Autoload on a single picture whenever she likes.

Versatility. Simplicity. Part of the Bell & Howell

touch that has made the 16mm Autoload the most widely used sound projector in school systems everywhere. Your Bell & Howell AudioVisual

representative welcomes your inquiries. Just mail Important scenes can be repeated for added instruction by

us this coupon. flipping a switch. It's so easy, a student can do it.

Bell & Howell Company, Dept. AV2

7100 McCormick Road, Chicago, HI. 60645

Gentlemen: i would like complete information on

your Autoload 16mm projector.

Name

School n Administrator n Teacher D Other

School Address

City -State. -ZipBELbHOUJELL

walking in obedience to the commandthe law shall be justified."(Rom. his own life on any basis that hapments, shall receive health in their 2:13.) In other words, it is not the pens to be easy and agreeable. As

navel and marrow to their bones; hearers of the law who are righteous long as the weather is fair, his fool-

"And shall find wisdom and great but the doers of the law. Paul's reishness may not be evident; but one

treasures of knowledge, even hidden marks are aimed at those who live day there will come the floods, the treasures; under the guise of the mistaken notion muddy waters of some sudden passion,

"And shall run and not be weary, that an honorary membership in an the rushing current of unforeseen and shall walk and not faint. inherited religious tradition will contemptation. If his character has no

"And I, the Lord, give unto them a stitute them believers entitled to blesssure foundation in more than just lip promise, that the destroying angel shall ings. They pay only lip service but are service, his whole moral structure may

pass by them, as the children of Israel, not doers of the law. collapse.

and not slay them."(D&C 89:1821.) In referring to the parable of the What can we consciously do to

"Keep and do these sayings"seem to two houses, Luke records the statement build a strong foundation and put ourbe the key words. Again we must be of Jesus concerning lip service: "And selves in a position in which we can

doers of the word and not just believers why call me. Lord, Lord, and do not do the will of our Father? How can

in order to obtain the blessing. the things which I say? we be best assisted, beyond the point of

In his letter addressed to the twelve "Whosoever cometh to me, and hearbeing hearers only or merely betribes scattered abroad, James adeth my sayings, and doeth them, I will lievers, to become doers of the word?

monishes them in this way: "... be shew you to whom he is like: If we study the laws of God and the

ye doers of the word, and not hearers "He is like a man which built an teachings of the Savior, we find that in only, deceiving your own selves. house, and digged deep, and laid the nearly all instances they have refer-

"For if any be a hearer of the word, foundation on a rock: and when the ence to our relationships with others.

and not a doer, he is like unto a man flood arose, the stream beat vehementAn individual is limited and confined beholding his natural face in a glass: ly upon that house, and could not in being a doer if he is in isolation or

"For he beholdeth himself, and goeth shake it: for it was founded upon a solitude.

his way, and straightway forgetteth rock. A man alone doesn't build his own

what manner of man he was. "But he that heareth, and doeth automobile, but the association of men

"But whoso looketh into the perfect not, is like a man that without a with a united purpose provides the law of liberty, and continueth therein, foundation built an house upon the means by which the product is prohe being not a forgetful hearer, but earth; against which the stream did duced and marketed. In the society in

a doer of the work, this man shall be beat vehemently, and immediately it which we live, few persons are selfblessed in his deed."(Jas. 1:2225.) fell; and the ruin of that house was educated. We rely on the organization

There is historical background for great."(Luke 6:4649.) of a great number of people to accomthis statement of James. According to This same principle is true as it plish the objective. In business and

the records that have come down to us, affects other relationships. Friendindustry, men who are aggressively

the early Church, established by Christ ships cannot endure if they are based organized for a common purpose and expanded into the world under the on the sands of selfishness. Marriages achieve success. There are many things

direction of the apostles, followed a do not endure when they have no a man can accomplish in association similar form of worship on the Lord's ground except in physical attraction, with others that would otherwise be

Day as had been practiced by the and do not have the foundation of a almost impossible working alone.

Jewish people in their synagogues. In deeper love and loyalty. The same Beyond the individual, the smallest

these services there was the reading of principle is true of the individual's regroup in society is the family. A

the scriptures of the Old Testament. lationship to the Church. Traditions home based upon the principles taught

The writings of the books now are not enough; dogmatic orthodoxies by Christ is one of the most beautiful

known as the New Testament had not are not enough; formal creeds are not examples of Christian living. Each

yet been compiled, but undoubtedly enough. It is not sufficient to say member of the family has the opporthe teachings of Jesus and the apostles "Lord, Lord."Such beliefs have their tunity and privilege of being a doer

were introduced. They sang the psalms foundations in sand. and enlarging the ability to live the

and the early Christian hymns and All nature, which is God's domain, commandments more perfectly. Exoffered prayers. James seems to be seems to portray this same principle. panding the family unit into the great

referring to participation in religious The bee that will not "doeth"will community of the Church gives rise services in the statement, "But be ye soon be driven from the hive. As I to even greater opportunities of being

doers of the word, and not hearers watch the busy ants on the trail and doers of the word.. It is from this enonly."The value of participating in around the ant pile, I am impressed by larged family relationship that we

church services, according to James, is the fact that they are doers and not derive our Christian vocabulary, callrealized when the word heard becomes just believers. Clucking doesn't proing God "Father,"Jesus our "Elder

the word in action. If anyone conduce any seeds for the hen; she must Brother,"and referring to each other as

siders himself to be a devout worscratch. A stagnant pool, green with "brother"and "sister."

shiper without carrying over into his algae and the scum of inactivity, is the The objectives of the Church are daily living the truths he has heard, breeding place of the diseases of the to teach tide laws of the Lord and the his worship is as useless as a glance in swamp, but the clear mountain stream principles of the gospel, to assist indi- a mirror, which is straightway fordashing over the rocks as it winds its viduals in religious education, to imgotten. way down the canyon is an invitation plant the firm testimony that God

The apostle Paul made a statement to drink. lives and that Jesus is the Christ and

that is somewhat similar. He referred The words of the Master regarding Savior of the world, and to help and

to the requirements of the law in his the house without a foundation say encourage each member along the path letter to the saints in Rome in these to me that a man cannot have a shalto celestial and eternal exaltation words: "For not the hearers of the law low and reckless notion that he is through the opportunity of "doing."

are just before God, but the doers of sufficient to himself and can build There is a real reason why Christ

46 Improvement Era established his Church during his perfor man and not an elective. His life principally young persons, are engaged

sonal ministry on earth. We need only and ministry were to set the pattern in the world as missionaries, declaring

to listen to his words and the teachand create the model. The things that the Church established by Christ

ings of those he sent into the world in established by him were given with during his personal ministry, and lost order to understand. the admonition that we follow them. to the world because of the corruption

"Not every one that saith unto me, I submit that the Church of Jesus of men during those dark ages of hisLord, Lord, shall enter into the kingChrist is as necessary in the lives of tory, has again been restored to the dom of heaven; but he that doeth the men and women today as it was when earth; that The Church of Jesus Christ

will of my Father which is in heaven"established by him, not by passive of Latterday Saints is that Church;

(Matt. 7:21); "And all saints who reinterest or a profession of faith, but that the power and authority to act in

member to keep and do these sayings"by an assumption of active responsithe name of God have again been con- (D&C 89:18); "... but the doers of the bility. In this way the Church brings ferred upon men. I add my confirmlaw shall be justified"(Rom. 2:13); us out of the darkness of an isolated ing witness to these facts. I know that

"Whosoever cometh to me, and hearlife into the light of the gospel, where God lives and that Jesus, his Son, is the eth my sayings, and doeth them"(Luke belief is turned into doing according to Christ and the Savior of the world. I

6:47)—these are the admonitions. the admonitions of scripture. This is humbly pray that we may each beWe must assume from the fact that the hope of the individual, the family, come doers of the word by active

the Church was established by Christ the Church, the nations of the earth. Church participation, in the name of

during his ministry, that it is essential Thirteen thousand men and women. Jesus Christ. Amen. o

A. TheodoreTUTThESweet Are the Uses of Adversity Elder

of the First Council of the Seventy

My dear brothers and sisters: affliction because of his sins. The carriage, Cowper groped his way to a

I was inspired by President McKay's Prophet Joseph responded that that doorway—to find that he was on his

message this morning. I want to bear was an unhallowed statement to make own doorstep. He went in and penned

my testimony that we have heard a—that afflictions come to all. these lines, now the lyrics of the

message from the mouthpiece of the Henry Ward Beecher said, "Afflichymn, "God Moves in a Mysterious

Lord. I pray that it will find a retion comes to us all, not to make us Way His Wonders to Perform."

sponsive chord in our individual lives, sad, but sober; not to make us sorry,

in our homes, in the Church, and, but to make us wise; not to make us "Ye fearful Saints, fresh courage take;

hopefully, among all nations. 'despondent, but by its darkness to The clouds ye so much dread

When I was in seminary class many refresh us as the night refreshes the Are big with mercy and shall break years ago, we had a lesson entitled day; not to impoverish, but to enrich In blessings on your head,

"Sweet Are the Uses of Adversity."The us."

thing I remember most about that Too often we are shortsighted as we "Judge not the Lord by feeble sense.

lesson was that it seemed to be a paraview the effects of adversity upon us. But trust him for his grace;

dox. It was difficult to understand We fail to see the purifying and reBehind a frowning providence

how adversity could be sweet. I was fining effect wrought by the flames of He hides a smiling face."

not aware of the great significance adversity. These flames are not meant

the lesson had for me, yet, as is so to consume but only to purify us. "Out of the lowest depths,"Thomas

often the case, the teachings of our Disguised as adversity, blessings are Carlyle has said, "there is a path to the youth return again and again to our showered upon us. loftiest heights."

memories, ofttimes with greater sigRecently after administering to a We cannot indulge ourselves the nificance and meaning than they had seriously afflicted infant, a man who luxury of selfpity. Ours is the duty to

when they were taught. So it has was present observed: "This is one of seek the path that leads us upward.

been with this lesson, and in the interour finest and most faithful families. Lives of great men teach us that many

vening years I have learned something I don't know why they should be thus of them rose to significant achievement about the truth of this statement. afflicted."Some misunderstand. It because of their adversities.

Adversity, in one form or another, is does not necessarily follow that righTo those who this day are weighed the universal experience of man. It is teousness immunizes us against addown by adversity, I suggest this

the common lot of all men to experiversity. Elder Harold B. Lee has thought from Robert Browning Hamence misfortune, suffering, sickness, or observed that living the gospel of Jesus ilton:

other adversities. Oftttmes our work is Christ is no guarantee that adversity Along the Road

arduous and unnecessarily demanding. will not come into our lives; but living

Our faith is tried in various ways the gospel does give us the strength and "I walked a mile with Pleasure.

sometimes unjustly tried. At times it faith and power to rise above that adShe chattered all the way,

seems that even God is punishing us versity and look beyond the present But left me none the wiser and ours. One of the things that trouble to the brighter day. For all she had to say..

makes all this so hard to bear is that William Cowper, a noted English we ourselves appear to be chosen for poet, returning home one night in a "I walked a mile with Sorrow, this affliction while others presumably dense London fog became completely And ne'er a word said she;

escape these adversities. and hopelessly lost. Try as he would, But, oh, the things I learned from her

On one occasion, in the presence of the driver could not find his home. When Sorrow walked with me!"

the Prophet Joseph Smith, someone Finally, the cabby stopped and said, commented that a person was suffering "It is hopeless."Alighting from the Those who have been driven to their

December 1967 47 knees in weakness, grief, and humility The trials and adversity experienced out that last wagon floated the [cry] commune with God not in the learned by the pioneers who crossed plains of the newborn babe, and mother love cliches of prayer, but in heartfelt, and mountains to reach and build this made a shrine, and Father bowed in soulrevealing communion. And when city and this building were related by reverence before it. But the train must

our Father sustains and assures a President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., in his move on. So out into the dust and dirt

tested faith and a tested love, they address: "To Them of the Last the last wagon moved again, swaying

learn the sweetness of adversity. Wagon."I quote: and jolting, while Mother eased as

While living the gospel will not "... The wife, soon to be a best she could each paingiving jolt so

necessarily temper the elements, it will mother, could hardly catch her breath no harm might be done her, that she temper you so you can endure the trials in the heavy, choking dust, for even might be strong to feed the little one, of life without despair and can overin the pure air she breathed hard bone of her bone, flesh of her flesh.

come with patience your afflictions. from her burden. Each jolt of the Who will dare to say that angels did

Sweet indeed are the uses of adwagon, for those ahead had made wagon not cluster round and guard her and versity. If we bear adversity well, we ruts almost 'ex'deep, wrung from her ease her rude bed, for she had given

can learn the principle enunciated by clenched lips a halfgroan [that] she another choice spirit its mortal body

Moroni: "... wherefore, dispute not did her best to keep from the anxious, that it might work out its Godgiven

because ye see not, for ye receive no solicitous husband plodding slowly destiny?"(The Improvement Era,

witness until after the trial of your along, guiding and goading the poor November 1947, p. 705.)

faith."(Eth. 12:6.) dumb cattle, themselves weary from Why should we then ask God for

It takes faith, too, to believe what the long trek. So through the long relief from adversity when we as a

Lehi taught: day of jolting and discomfort and people have been made strong by ad-

"But behold, all things have been sometimes pain, sometimes panting for versity? Rather let us search our hearts

done in the wisdom of him who knowbreath, the mother, anxious only that to learn the Refiner's purpose in our eth all things. the unborn babe should not be inlives. May we all come to know that

"Adam fell that men might be; and jured, rode, for she could not walk; God is still in his heaven and rules

men are, that they might have joy."and the children walked, for the load in the world, and that in the provi-

(2 Ne. 2:2425.) But we all need to was too heavy and big for them to dence of a loving Father, "all these

keep in mind that joy is ofttimes ride; and the father walked sturdily things shall give thee experience, and

camouflaged in the robes of hard work, alongside and prayed.... shall be for thy good."(D&C 122:7.)

sorrow, sickness, and a tested faith. "Then the morning came when from In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.o

SIMPSON, 5Mo/> Robert L. The Law of the Fast

of the Presiding Bishopric

President McKay, my dear brethren manner of the true fast in our day. "Teach ye diligently and my grace

and sisters of this great Church: May There were significant changes made shall attend you, that you may be in-

I spend a moment and discuss with at the time of Christ's mission in morstructed more perfectly in theory, in you one of the most neglected of all tality. The law of sacrifice, for principle, in doctrine, in the law of

our Heavenly Father's laws and comexample, was replaced by a higher the gospel, in all things that pertain mandments to his children. law. We are told that following the unto the kingdom of God, that are exMay I begin this important assignMaster's visit to this, the western pedient for you to understand."(D&C

ment by bearing my testimony that all hemisphere, the people were told to 88:7678.)

of Heavenly Father's commandments continue in "fasting and prayer [there No man or woman can hope to teach are perfect; each law when lived brings was no change in this law] and in of things spiritual unless he is directed

happiness to the individual. meeting together oft both to pray and by that spirit, for "the Spirit shall be

One of the most neglected and yet to hear the word of the Lord."(4 Ne. given unto you by the prayer of faith;

most needed laws for this troubled 12.) So complete and sincere were and if ye receive not the Spirit ye shall

generation in a modern world of acthe people in obeying his commandnot teach.

celeration and distraction is the law of ments "that there was no contention "And all this ye shall observe to do the fast. Fasting and praying have among all the people, in all the land; as I have commanded concerning your

been referred to almost as a singular but there were mighty miracles teaching, until the fulness of my scripfunction from the earliest times. wrought among the disciples of Jesus."tures is given.

Adam's generation fasted and prayed, (4 Ne. 13.) Wouldn't it be thrilling "And as ye shall lift up your voices

as did Moses on Sinai. (Deut. 9:9-11.) to enjoy such a condition today! by the Comforter, ye shall speak and

The Prophet Elijah traveled to Mt. His law has been reconfirmed in our prophesy as seemeth me good;

Horeb under the influence of fasting day, for through a modern prophet in "For, behold, the Comforter knowand prayer. There he received the the year 1832, he said: "... I give unto eth all things, and beareth record of

word of the Lord. His preparation you a commandment that ye shall conthe Father and of the Son."(D&C

had not been in vain. (I Kings 19:8.) tinue in prayer and fasting from this 42:14:17.)

Mordecai's advice from Esther as time forth."Then in the very next Oh, that every teacher might catch

he faced an emergency at Shushan verse he mentions gospel teaching althe spirit of this promise and claim pointed out that he and his people most as a prime product of the prayer this offered partnership, available to should "neither eat nor drink three and fasting process. In the words of all who are engaged in the teaching

days, night or day...."(Esther 4:16.) the Lord: "And I give unto you a comof truth.

This was the true fast, abstinence from mandment that you shall teach one There are no better examples of both food and drink. This is still the another the doctrine of the kingdom. teaching by the Spirit than the Sons of

48 Improvement Era Mosiah. The Book of Mormon tells which sanctification cometh because of

us how they became "strong in the their yielding their hearts unto God."

knowledge of the truth; for they were (He. 3:35.) Wouldn't you like this

men of a sound understanding and to happen to you? It can, you know!

they had searched the scriptures diliDid you notice it said that those gently, that they might know the who do this have their souls filled with word of God. "joy and consolation"? You see, the

"But this is not all; they had given world in general thinks that fasting

themselves to much prayer, and fastis a time for "sackcloth and ashes,"a ing; therefore they had the spirit of time to carry a look of sorrow, as one

prophecy, and the spirit of revelation, to be pitied. On the contrary, the

and when they taught, they taught Lord admonishes: "Moreover when ye

with power and authority of God."fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a sad

(Al. 17:2-3.) countenance: for they disfigure their We sincerely hope the days

Is there a priesthood or auxiliary faces, that they m.ay appear unto men ahead will bring Peace On Earth

leader any place in this Church who to fast. Verily I say unto you, They Good Will Towards Men

wouldn't give all to possess such power, have their reward. the world over, and

such assurance? fastest, thou, "But thou anoint when Remember this, above friends to our many

else,all thine face; head, that, according thy to and wash Alma, they Holiday a Joyous andgave themselves not appear "That thou fasting unto men to much and

prayer. You see, there are certain to fast, but unto thy Father which is Prosperous New Year.

blessings that can only be fulfilled as in secret: and thy Father, which seeth Send $1.50 for 5 lb. postwe conform to a particular law. The in secret, shall reward thee openly."paid sample of flour,

Lord made this very clear through the (Matt. 6:1618.) stone ground with a Lee

Prophet Joseph Smith when he deNow, may we turn to the most imHome Mill.

clared: "For all who will have a portant part of this great law. So far Included full information

blessing at my hands shall abide the we have only discussed those areas that and lip smacking recipes.

law which was appointed for that bless us. The real joy comes with

blessing, and the conditions thereof, the blessing of the poor and the needy.

as were instituted from before the For it is in the fulfillment of this foundation of the world."(D&C wonderful Christlike act that we pracLEE ENGINEERING CO.

132:5.) tice "pure religion and undefiled"2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. S3201

Now, the Lord could not have stated spoken of by James. Can you think of

the position more clearly, and, in my a better or more perfect Christian opinion, too many Latterday Saint function than "pure religion and unparents today are depriving themselves defiled"? I can't.

and their children of one of the sweetThe Lord speaking through Moses est spiritual experiences that the Father observed: "If there be among you ahas made available to them. poor man of one of thy brethren within LOOK BETTER

In addition to the occasional fastany of thy gates in thy land which the ing experience for a special purpose, Lord thy God giveth thee, thou shalteach member of the Church is exnot harden thine heart, nor shut thine FEEL BEHER pected to miss two meals on the fast hand from thy poor brother: But thou

shalt thine open untoand testimony hand wide Sunday. two To skip

. 15:7-8.)consecutive.."(Deut. he LAST LONGER meals of Then and partake the him.

third normally constitutes approxigoes on to promise him who gives:

".. shall. the thy blessmately Lord God a 24hour period. Such is the thee LIVE MORE all incounsel. all in works, thy and that thou

Competent medical authorities tell puttest thine hand unto."(Deut.

us that our bodies benefit by an occa15:10.) He concludes: "... therefore ABUNDANTLYsional fasting period. That is bless- I command thee, saying, Thou shalt

ing number one and perhaps the least open thine hand wide unto thy brother, thy poor, andimportant. Second, we contribute the to to thy needy, in thy Lyman's land."(Deut. 15:11.) savedmoney from missing the meals

as a fast offering to the bishop for the Amulek had something to say on Vitamins & Minerals poor and the needy. And third, we this subject. After instructing the

reap a particular spiritual benefit that people for some time on various vital may help you can come to us in no other way. It matters, he turned his thoughts to the

is a sanctification of the soul for us poor and the needy, advising the conturn tlie tricl( today just as it was for some choice gregation that even if they are diligent Clip and Mail or Write people who lived 2,000 years ago. I in all of these other things, and "turn Don Lyman, 2431 Highland Drive.

quote briefly from the Book of Moraway the needy, and the naked, and Salt Lake City. Utah

Please send Daily Supply Tablets, sick not the "Neverthelessmon: they did fast and afflicted, and and visit

free. postage impart ofpray oft, your substance stronger... to those and and did wax

theirstronger in stand unto humility, say who and firmer in need—I you, if QuantityQuantity 0 qq tablets $8.95g things, in of these ye do faith of Christ, behold, theand firmer not any unto

the filling their souls with joy and conyour prayer is vain, and availeth you Name solation, yea, even to the purifying nothing, and ye are as hypocrites who Address.

and the sanctification of their hearts. do deny the faith."(Al. 34:28.) -

City...

State.Zip.

b J December 1967 49 Yes, the law of the fast is a perfect urgent return to family unity. Fasting Church but who would be offended

law, and we cannot begin to approach and prayer will help to guarantee it. if accused of not loving his or her

perfection until we decide to make it Each person has greater need for dichildren, and yet, when looking at a part of our lives. When you start vine guidance. There is no better parentchild relationships through the

and stop the fast is up to you, but way. We all have need to overcome eyes of a teenager, many questions

wouldn't it be nice to culminate it and the powers of the adversary. His inarise.

be at your spiritual peak for the fast fluence is incompatible with fasting Take, for instance, the young man and testimony meeting? and prayer. who had almost reached the state of

How much you give the bishop as There can be no greater joy than incorrigibility when he came to a a donation is also up to you, but isn't in helping others, for "inasmuch as ye counselor for help. He was drinking

it thrilling to know that your accounthave done it unto one of the least of excessively; he was a chain smoker; he

ing with the Lord has been paid willthese my brethren, ye have done it was continually in trouble with the ingly and with accuracy? unto me."(Matt. 25:40.) law; and yet he came from a good

Why you fast is also up to you. But And now, my dear brothers and LDS home. I'm sure his parents loved

suppose the main reason was simply sisters, although not as worthy perhim and would have done anything in that you wanted to help someone in haps, but equally enthusiastic in the the world to help him, but let us see need and to be a part of "pure religion cause we represent, I join my testimony what the counselor discovered.

undefiled."Wouldn't your faith be with Alma of old when he declared: When asked if he liked the taste of

lifted and sanctified? Of course it "... Behold, I testify unto you that I liquor, the boy replied that he hated

would. And incidentally, have you ever do know that these things whereof it. When asked if he enjoyed smoknoticed how satisfying it is way deep I have spoken are true. And how do ing, he said he detested the taste of

inside each time you are obedient to ye suppose that I know of their surety? tobacco. When asked why he was

Heavenly Father's desires? There can "Behold, I say unto you they are constantly in trouble with the law, he

be no equal to the peace of mind that made known unto me by the Holy answered that he really didn't want to always comes as the reward for Spirit of God. Behold, I have fasted do many of the things he did.

obedience to truth. and prayed many days that I might The counselor delved deeper and

The world needs selfdiscipline. You know these things of myself. And found that the boy's bedroom was in

can find it in fasting and prayer. Our now I do know of myself that they are the basement, directly under the living

generation is sick for lack of selftrue; for the Lord God hath made them room. When his father walked across

control. Fasting and prayer help to manifest unto me by his Holy the room, the boy could hear his footinstill this virtue. Spirit "(Al. 5:4546.) In the name steps overhead, the sound of which

The world's future depends upon an of Jesus Christ. Amen. o made him acutely nauseated.

Further interviews revealed that the boy loved his father but felt that he was a total failure in his father's eyes.

You see, he simply could not satisfy him, no matter how hard he tried.

father a perfectionist, His was and "Train Up the matter father son did, the what r>r) 5jsAo/> Victor l.BROWN, no pointed he could have done out how of the Presiding B/shopr/c a Child... better. did him. Never he compliment

The result: a boy lost in a confused,

frustrating, and difficult world with

President David O. McKay has said: therefore, should be the paramount no one to help him.

"The home is truly the first unit of purpose of parents and of the nation."His father was a good man, active

society, and parenthood is next to God- {The Improvement Era, April 1963, in the Church. I am sure he loved

hood. The relationship of the children pp. 25253.) his son, but did he really? Was his

to the parents should be one which As I travel about the Church and love unselfish? Was it the kind of love

would enable those children to carry discuss various problems of youth, I that gave nourishment and encourageout ideal citizenship as they become invariably get the response: "If we did ment to those less able than he, or was

related to the state and to the larger not have trouble with the parents, we it the kind that demanded perfection forms of society. The secret of good would not have trouble with the to satisfy himself?

membership in the Church or good children."Parents, I believe it behooves us to

citizenship in the nation lies in the A national Explorer leader emphaanalyze closely our relationship with h6me. If and when the time ever sized this point when he said, "One of each of our children to see if our

comes that parents shift to the state our greatest problems is to know how actions reflect true love. Do we want

the responsibility of rearing their to teach boys to be honest when their to teach and train our children to take children, the stability of the nation parents are dishonest."their proper places in society and bewill be undermined, and its impairToday I should like to direct my come better parents than we are? If

ment and disintegration will have remarks to parents. so, we must be aware of our shortbegun.... If I understand the teachings of the comings and overcome them. You see,

nation?—then"Would you keephave ayourstronghomesand virilepure. Church,sponsibilitiesone ofwe thehavegreatestas membersof all reis thisstrict,fatheroverbearinghad hadfatherthe samehimself.kindLikeof

Would you reduce delinquency and that of parenthood. We hear this father, like son. Surely, we must encrime?—lessen the number of broken statement repeated frequently: "The courage our children to develop their

homes. It is time that civilized people family is the most important unit in talents and to achieve to the greatest

realize that the home largely detertime and in eternity."This I accept as extent of their ability. I hope, howmines whether children shall be of truth. ever, our motive is for their own dehigh or low character. Homebuilding, There probably is not a parent in the velopment, growth, and happiness and

50 Improvement Era not to satisfy our personal pride. toward accomplishing this objective: Third: "Teach children to make up

A few months ago I had a most First: "Give them emotional support their minds.revealing interview with a lovely when they need it most—right at the "A twelveyear-old boy came home

young college student. This young start of their life. from school one day and told his

lady was the youngest in her family. "A baby comes into the world utterly mother he wanted to run for class

All her brothers and sisters had married dependent upon other human beings. president, but wasn't quite sure. That

and left home. Her father was a If the help he needs is forthcoming evening at dinner, while the boy sat

farmer. She had worked on the farm promptly and consistently, accomquietly, his parents debated whether he

each summer plowing and doing other panied by love, he learns very early ought to make the race, discussing the farm work generally done by boys and one of the most important lessons of pros and cons and, finally, deciding men. This she did not mind, but now his entire life—that he can rely upon that he should not because his schedule

she was 19. She said she loved her people. The baby whose first basic for the next year would be too heavy.

parents with all her heart and would needs are met begins to develop a posi- "Too many parents do all or most of never do anything to hurt them. She tive, confident outlook essential for the problemsolving for their children.

said, "Bishop Brown, my folks expect later emotional health. Chances are As a result, the child never learns how

me to come back home this summer that through life; he will have the feelto make up his mind about things,

and help on the farm, but I have ing that things are going to work out crucial for good mental health. Every

simply got to find out if I am really well for him. human being must make decisions all

Susie Jones or just Brother Jones'little "If parents are not warmly responthrough life, and those who never learn girl, as I have always been. I have got sive to an infant, he is apt to develop how are seriously handicapped.

to find out if I am a real person, if I a suspicion and a mistrust of people. "A child can be taught to make decan stand on my own feet and make He may later withdraw from them, cisions by allowing him to do so as

decisions, or be totally dependent upon refusing to be their friend, in order to often as possible and to profit by his my parents."protect himself from hurt. Such a permistakes. In all of his dayto-day

Here was a lovely young lady loved son cannot become a warm and loving problems, let him understand you have by her parents—there is no doubt about wife or husband. faith in his ability to unravel them.

that because of the respect and love "Of course, when I suggest parents Listen to and discuss the facts with she had for them—but in the process respond to their infants'needs, I cerhim. Suggest approaches and give the

of growing up, it would appear that tainly do not mean that babies must child the benefit of your wisdom and decisions she should have been makbe hovered over and entertained every experience. But avoid taking over his

ing for herself were made by her minute. Strike a happy medium."independent right to decide upon the

parents. Had their love smothered Second: "Start them early on the clothes he should wear, school probtheir daughter? Were they preparing road to independence. lems and the like.

her for the day when she would, of "Once I watched a very small child "Common sense should dictate the necessity, have to make decisions on trying to button his coat. His mother, kind of problems best left to a child's

her own? suddenly aware he was having diffijudgment. Those with potentially

There are some parents who feel culties, quickly said: 'Here, let Mommy serious consequences, of course, must

their children just are not capable of fix it.'And she did. But she also did still be decided by Mother and Father."

making decisions. How can children nothing to help her son feel caFourth: "Keep the lines of underever develop this capacity if, as they pable.... standing open....

grow up, they are not taught and given "You can help [a child achieve] "... [Realize] that each of your

wise guidance? balance by permitting him to try his children is an individual, with his own

Of course, good sense must be used own wings, while at the same time abilities, personalities and needs. Don't

in determining how far to go in letting protecting him from real dangers. Let expect one to match another's accom-

a child make his own decisions. Rehim stand, walk, climb, do as much as plishments; rather, help him take pride

cently, I visited with a young woman possible for himself, and praise him for and pleasure in what he does well.

who is having marital difficulty with his accomplishments. Have you seen "[Be] courteous to your child, listenher third husband. This young lady the smile of triumph that lights up a ing when he speaks, respecting his

has a mother who is still making her toddler's face when he's done somerights and feelings.

"[Present] logical arguments for yourdecisions for her. thing all by himself—fixed a toy, carParents, may I suggest that we anaried a package or even just stood up? decisions. 'Because I say so'is a poor

lyze our relationships with our He glows inside, too, with a wonderful reply when a child asks why he is children. Are we teaching them in feeling of 'I can.'required to do something. Giving sensuch a way as to prepare them for the "As he grows, the child becomes sible reasons makes you a fair and

responsibilities of life, or are we promore and more concerned with doing reasonable person in your child's eyes.

tecting them to the point that when useful things. The things he achieves He may not aicquiesce gracefully, but

they find themselves on their own, himself become crucially important to inwardly, in most cases, he will probthey are lost? him. He gains confidence by trying ably see your point...."

I should like to quote a few excerpts and succeeding. So let him try out his Fifth: "Commend them for what

from a discussion Dr. Dana L. Famsbasic knowledge and skills. Let your they do well instead of condemning

worth had with Lester David regarding son try to climb that fence, build a tree them for what they don't.

parentchild relationships: house, manage his affairs. Let your "... A 21year-old college coed,

"Your prime goal as a parent is to daughter arrange her own social activiunder treatment for a severe neurosis, help your child grow up with the good ties, even plan her own party. told her therapist: 'If I came home from

inner feeling that he or she is a per- "Be sure, of course, that you do not kindergarten with two stars. Mother

fectly capable, worthwhile human expect too much of your child, criticize wanted to know how come I didn't being, able to stand on his or her own him with undue harshness, or permit get three like the day before. If I

feet."activities that are unsaJFe at his got four marks over 90, she wondered

Here are some of the rules he gives age "how come the fifth was only 80.—

December 1967 51 "Psychiatrists know that many per- I pray that we as parents will accept warned you and forewarn you....

sons with personality problems report the sacred nature of our responsibility That inasmuch as any man drinketh they too seldom received praise at home to our children and that we will enwine or strong drink among you...

for their accomplishments. Rather, deavor to apply love in a wise and it is not good, neither meet in the sight

their areas of weakness were constantly intelligent manner, and, of course, of your Father "(D&C 89:4-5.)

being pointed out. Over and over, to do this, the first requirement is that There may be some honest but misthey say, 'I grew up feeling I couldn't there is love and harmony between guided people, but there are many

do anything right.'.., mother and father. Our homes must conspiring people with evil designs in

"Many parents feel guilty when be a bulwark against the confusion and their hearts who for money or other their children do not turn out as well trials of the world. If this generation advantage use distorted figures and

as they think they should. This is not is to fulfill its destiny, it must be arguments and continue to stir the

justified unless they really haven't tried strong in the most important of all matter, working relentlessly for easier to train their children or haven't loved places and that is the home, for in access and increased use of liquor.

and respected them. Even then it is of Proverbs we read, "Train up a child Little thought is given to impaired

no help unless it motivates efforts to in the way he should go: and when he morals, ruined health, broken homes,

try to learn how to develop better is old, he will not depart from it."and increased traffic deaths that come

relations with them. Being a parent (Prov. 22:6.) from drinking.

is not easy and mistakes are always I leave you my testimony, my Is there a single actual, lasting value made: they will not be too harmful if brethren and sisters, that God lives, that comes to mankind from the

love and respect prevail...."(This that this is his Church, and I do so in liquor traffic? Is not money and what

Week, June 19, 1966.) the name of Jesus Christ. Amen, o money will buy at the root of it?

There are two forces working with

Friday Afternoon Session, September 29, 1967 every indiv'dual constantly. One is

the power of darkness with intentions to enslave and destroy. When Lucifer

was expelled from the realms of God, the devil, yea, Satan, even all lies, to deceive Liquor: "hethe becamefather of and

The Devil toat blindhis will,men,evenand asto manylead theas captivewouldKlMBALL,Elder Spencer W. not hearken unto my voice."(Moses

4:4.) of the Council of the Twelve in Solution The other influence is the Spirit of

the Lord, striving to lift and inspire "Woe unto him that giveth his neighbour drink, and build and save.

that puttest thy bottle to him...."(Hab. 2:15.) Satan boasted he would buy his

helpers, and he has devised and conMy beloved friends and brothers and ley, dates, grapes, and other crops have cocted every plan imaginable to sisters: been diverted from "food"channels for deceive and fetter man. He is clever.

The subject I wish to discuss today which they were created into destrucHe is experienced. He is brainy. He

is not a happy one. It would be far tive, deathdealing liquor. And that seeks to nullify all the works of the

easier to bypass it, but when I read this which was good for man has become Savior. He is the arch deceiver. Even

scripture in the Psalms, I determined destructive and bad for him. Simon Peter, the first apostle, was not

to speak: Recently, an editorial in one of our spared from his designs:

"Who will rise up for me against the local papers was entitled, "How Often "And the Lord said, Simon, Simon, evildoers? or who will stand up for me Must We Battle Liquor?"The article behold, Satan hath desired to have you,

against the workers of iniquity? states that an estimated six and one that he may sift you as wheat:

"Unless the Lord had been my help, half million Americans suffer from "But I have prayed for thee, that thy my soul had almost dwelt in silence."alcoholism, and that this malady was faith fail not...."(Luke 22:3132.)

(Ps. 94:1617.) rated by the public health service as Another scripture: "Wherefore, all

When God surveyed his creations, he the fourth major public health problem things which are good cometh of God;

said: "And I, God, saw everything that in the United States. and that which is evil cometh of the

I had made, and behold, all things J. Edgar Hoover says: "Three out of devil... [who] inviteth and enticeth

which I had made were very good...."ten who start as light drinkers end up to sin....

(Gen. 1:33, Inspired Version.) as drunkards.""But behold, that which is of God

Among the very good things, there Hardly had the earth and its people inviteth and enticeth to do good conwere "the herb, and the good things settled when men began to concoct tinually...."(Moro. 7:1213.)

which come of the earth, whether for intoxicating beverages. Even in primiOne of Satan's sharpest tools is

food or for raiment, or for houses, or tive lands, some product has been alcohol, for it blinds and deafens, for barns, or for orchards, or for garfound that can be fermented and used numbs and manacles, impoverishes dens, or for vineyards; Yea, all... to muddle and confuse the brains and and maims, and kills unfortunate

made for the benefit and the use of numb the sensitivity. With it, man victims.

man "(D&C 59:1718.) tries to drown his sorrows, whip his The liquor fight is an eternal battle

These plants were made expressly lagging spirits, dull his conscience. and moves from scene to scene and sin

for man, since he is the supreme crea- A revelation to God's Prophet in to sin.

tion with divine potential. But 1833 says: There are numerous people who

through the ages, man has corrupted "In consequence of evils and deprofit financially—some politicians,

the use of many of the products and signs which... exist in the hearts of manufacturers, wholesalers, deliverers,

used them for his downfall; com, barconspiring men in the last days, I have dispensers, and the underworld. Added

52 Improvement Era to that army are the rationalizers who tacts, even at summit conferences? ber that Babylon drowned itself in

demand their liquor, regardless of Liquor looses the tongues of trusted liquor and Rome drank itself to death?

harm to others. Do they pray over employees and government officials, Hardly is any plane airborne until

their work? and numerous top secrets and classified lovely young women become barmaids,

"The liquor traffic is sacrilege, for it information have been revealed to collecting dollars for drinks. No service

seeks profit from the damnation of enemies. is given other passengers until the

human souls."(Harry Emerson FosThe wise writer of the Biblical liquor drinkers are served. Millions of

dick.) Proverbs said: barmaids! We wonder how airlines

Arguments are specious, but to the "... it is not for kings to drink wine; justify forcing their stewardesses to

gullible, unsuspecting, righteous, busy nor for princes strong drink: Lest they sell liquor. And what is said of airpeople, they are made to seem plausidrink, and forget the law, and pervert lines should be said of hotels, cafes,

ble. The tax argument, the employthe judgment [due to] any of the and all other places that require the

ment one, the school lunch program, afflicted."(Prov. 31:4-5.) waiters and waitresses to serve liquor.

the freedom to do as one pleases—all We suppose the same warning would J. Edgar Hoover said: "There are

are like sieves with many holes. There apply to presidents, senators, prime more barmaids in this country than

is just enough truth in them to deministers, ambassadors, governors. college girls."

ceive. Satan deals in half truths. Thomas Jefferson said: "Were I to Liquor has been used to neutralize

Macaulay said at one time: "Even commence my administration again the inhibitions and dull the senses of

the law of gravitation would be... the first question which I would many a young woman so that her virbrought into dispute were there a peask... every candidate for public tue might be more easily taken.

his office that giveth addicted to the him 'Is he interest becuniary would involved. "Woe unto Nothing "

spirits?'drink, that puttest neighbour use of thy ardent truth ofshows the the this more than

liquor traffic...."We must not fool ourselves as to bottle to him, and makest him drunken

As to children's lunches: is this a who pays for the gin at ambassadorial also...."(Hab. 2:15.)

reason or a cover? Do we need lunches soirees, the cocktail party, or afternoon It is said that "our nation harbors

so much? We spend relatively little receptions. three times as many criminals as colon lunches in proportion to the amount Senator Olin D. Johnson from South lege students."It is reported that

liquor costs us. Perhaps we could also Carolina wrote: "I have never heard American citizens spend of the national

tax the robber's take, or license the of the United States influencing anyincome two and one half times as murderer or the grafter. We could tax one to our benefit as a result of feedmuch for liquor as on education.

the profit also of the prostitute, the ing him liquor with which to become Dr. Kelly of Harvard said: "Since

rioter, the looter. Certainly we could inebriated."alcohol cures no disease, it is not a

get much revenue for children's school "Shall the throne of iniquity have medicine. It has no place in medical

lunches with many other camouflaged fellowship with thee, which frameth practice."(Alert, March 1957.)

programs. mischief by a law?"(Ps. 94:20.) Again from the Biblical Proverbs:

Mormon's teachings described the In 1855, Abraham Lincoln refused "Wine is a mocker, strong drink is kind of people for whom dollars beto allow liquor served in his home to raging: and whosoever is deceived

came so important, for he said: the delegation that came to give him thereby is not wise."(Prov. 20:1.)

"Wherefore, take heed, my beloved the official notice of his nomination Quoting the Salt Lake Tribune:

brethren, that ye do not judge that for the presidency, even though the "Has liquor ever been a cause of which is evil to be of God, or that liquor was free. trouble in your family? At least

which is good and of God to be of the On the day of Lincoln's assassinatwelve persons in every hundred admit devil."(Moro. 7:14.) tion, he said to Major J. B. Merwin of that this has been the case...."

The powerful Lucifer has his day. the United States Army, a guest at the (February 25, 1966.)

He whispers into every man's ears. White House, "Merwin, we have To the Christian, Paul says:

Some reject his enticing offers, others cleaned up, with the help of the people, "Ye cannot drink the cup of the yield. Satan whispers, "This is no a colossal job. Slavery is abolished. Lord, and the cup of devils: ye cannot

sin. You are no transgressor. I am no After reconstruction, the next great be partakers of the Lord's table, and

devil. There is no evil one. There question will be the overthrow and of the table of devils."(1 Cor. 10:21.)

is no black. All is white."abolition of the liquor traffic. You When we think of even the light

What an indictment of a nation know, Merwin, that my head and drinkers, would you not be suspicious which provides the drinks to its heart, and hand and purse will go into of your doctor if he drank? Would

soldiers. that work. you trust a vital case in court to a

During World War II, the Brewers'"In 1842, less than a quarter of a lawyer who may have just had a cockDigest said: century ago, I predicted that the time tail or two?

"One of the finest things that could would come when there would be The great physicist Helmholtz said:

have happened to the brewing industry neither a slave nor a drunkard in the "The smallest quantity of alcohol was the insistence by highranking land. Thank God, I have lived to see scares away novel ideas."

officers to make beer available at army one of those prophecies fulfilled. I The moderate drinker intrudes upon

camps.... hope to see the other realized."others'rights.

"Here is a chance for brewers to The picture shows, TV, and stage One authority says that "more than cultivate a taste for beer in millions of productions show actors being offered half the prisoners entering the penal young men who will eventually conliquor by friend or foe every time they institutions of America say: 'Drink

stitute the largest beerconsuming enter a home. How mankind has debrought me here.'

section of our population."generated! Actors who are jilted or Hundreds of thousands of relief

How can a government—national, disappointed invariably turn to drink checks are cashed in saloons and

state, or local—ever justify providing to drown their sorrows. taverns. Many people wrongly think

liquor for its highest officials in Ever5'where people congregate, liquor themselves sharper, brighter, more diplomatic services and foreign conis made available. Cannot we rememclever after cocktails than before.—-

December 1967 53 J. Edgar Hoover once said: "Three

out of ten who start as light drinkers end up as drunkards.""A greater

menace than the drunken driver is the drinking driver."

Of 17,000 accidents in one state, the report showed that about three times as many accidents were caused by drivers who "had been drinking"as by those actually "under the influence."

"Liquor has its defenders, but no defense,"said Abraham Lincoln.

One of the saddest notes in this business is the blasphemy at Christmas time in social home parties, club socials, and staff Christmas parties where drinks are supplied to employees.

Remember Habakkuk: "Woe unto

him that giveth his neighbour drink, that puttest the bottle to him...."

(Hab. 2:15.)

How wonderful it would be if the staff parties this Christmas could be happy, harmless affairs without a drop of liquor served!

Someone said: "A drinking driver,

homewardbound after a Christmas staff party, could become the frontfeatured. name Exactly this has hapWill Walter's work page headline with your company pened many times."

Jesus Christ was the greatest teacher ever taught. the He made known for his family whogreatest truths learned. ever reHe

to success, the secret and of happiness.

of celebrating Think the birth ofbe finished in his vealed the meaning of life, the way our Creator, the Lord, our Redeemer, lifetime? ourImagineSavior,usingwiththe birtha cocktailof the Sonparty!of

God as incentive for a dinner party serving liquor! How sacrilegious!

... Probably not; most family needs continue for years and What poor taste! What an affront to

years. How can Walter manage his estate so that his wife won't theDrinkingSon of God!is now considered aristohave to support the family in years to come? cratic in planes, in cafes, hotels, in airport bars—everywhere. Someone said,

One good way is to name Zions First National Bank as trustee "The cocktail parlor is but a saloon in petticoats."

of the estate. Capable people in Zions Bank's trust department What a frightening responsibility to

have a proven record of investment performance. be an advertiser, dispenser, manufacturer who would go into the living

We will work with your attorney on trust and estate planning rooms of millions of homes and indocproblems without cost or obligation. trinateacceptedlittleliquorchildren'sas partmindsof acceptabletill they

social living. For the dollar today,

they would corrupt a generation tomorrow. Someone made a survey and

found that 67 percent of the films ZIONS show drinking as the smart and proper thing to do.

People need help who feel that a party cannot be held, a celebration enFIRST MIIONAL joyed, liquor. without What a sad

admission that a party must have liquor for people to have a good time.

barren must some guests be if How Utah'sBANKfirst trust department—inebriated! be they must

Founded by Brigham Young - 7873

One Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 54 Improvement Era Emily Post said: "Nothing is in and their neighbors from all of the A law in Arizona is reputed to make

worse taste than forcing any guest corruption that liquor brings instead illegal a bartender's drinking even in either to take alcohol or else to sit of yielding to the opposition could his own tavern while on duty. If

conspicuously emptyhanded."start to move toward prohibition again. bankers should not drink, nor doctors,

They are poor hosts and hostesses The Lord says the traffic is evil. Why nor train engineers, nor attorneys, nor

who embarrass their guests. The will good people be tricked and bus drivers, nor airplane pilots, nor

hostess who serves liquor at her dinner deceived? bartenders, nor anyone carrying retable to "liven up her guests"is inOne cannot touch the liquor traffic sponsibility, then why tolerate such a

sulting them. It is as though she were without contamination. It is evil; it damaging thing?

saying, "I knew you would not be is prostituting the lives of men. Lincoln, in an address to the Washinteresting and sociable without it."Should we not take the offensive, ingtonian Society, said:

In Proverbs we read: and move to eliminate the curse from "Whether or not the world would

"Look not thou upon the wine when our communities? Why stand always be vastly benefited by the total and

it is red.... it biteth like a serpent, on the defensive while those who have final banishment from it of all intoxiand stingeth like an adder."(Prov. ulterior motives campaign to make cating drinks, seems to me not now

23:3132.) alcohol more readily available? Are an open question. Three fourths of

"Who hath woe? who hath sorrow? we involved and beholden because of mankind confess the affirmation with

who hath contentions? who hath our rents, or holdings, or leases, or their tongues; and I believe, all the

babbling?... conventions, or tourists? Are dollars rest acknowledge it in their hearts."

"They that tarry long at the wine; so important? Let us arouse ourselves and unite to

they that go to seek mixed wine."Why do we not close the bars and break the fetters with which liquor

(Prov. 23:2930.) taverns? An aroused vote could put an interests have manacled us. The Lord

It would appear now that wine end to loss and waste and annoyance knew what he was doing when he manufacturers are designing to do and death and suffering from this commanded men to forgo it.

what cigarette manufacturers did in source. If no one bought and con- I pray that we shall have the courthe past—to bring wine to every table, sumed liquor, there would be no age to live his commandments. In the

in every hospital, in every social manufacture nor traffic in it. name of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

gathering.

General [John J.] Pershing said,

"Drunkenness has killed more men all history's of wars."than

says, Dr. Morris "Murder, robTrust Not Sam

bery, rape, stealing, embezzlement, graft, political payoffs the in corruption Arm Elder Ezra Taft BENSON daily are headlines in—these the of the Council of thB Twe/ve

.. is. liquornewspapers, the major of Fleshculprit."

Abraham Lincoln said, "I'd rather lose my right hand than sign a docuIn the Book of Mormon the prophet from our own membership and they, ment to perpetuate the liquor traffic."Nephi exclaims: "O Lord, I have more than any others, are clothed in

The Boston Herald calls the liquor trusted in thee, and I will trust in sheep's clothing, because they wear the traffic "the filthiest business in the thee forever. I will not put my trust habiliments of the Priesthood.... We

world."in the arm of flesh; for I know that should be careful of them."{The ImWilliam Gladstone: "The four great cursed is he that putteth his trust in provement Era, May 1949, p. 268.)

scourges of mankind have been drink, the arm of flesh. Yea, cursed is he The Lord does not always give reawar, pestilence and famine; and drink that putteth his trust in man or maketh sons for each commandment. Somehas been more destructive than war, flesh his arm."(2 Ne. 4:34.) times faithful members, like Adam of

pestilence and famine combined."Prophesying of our day, Nephi said, old, are called upon to obey an injuncRecently, the question was polled: "... they have all gone astray save it tion of the Lord even though they do

Would you favor or oppose a law be a few, who are the humble followers not know the reason why it was given.

forbidding the sale of all beer, wine, of Christ; nevertheless, they are led, Those who trust in God will obey

and liquor throughout the nation? And that in many instances they do err him, knowing full well that time will

it was surprising how many people inbecause they are taught by the precepts provide the reasons and vindicate their dicated they would favor such a law. of men."(2 Ne. 28:14.) obedience.

The pendulum may be about to swing Yes, it is the precepts of men versus The arm of flesh may not approve back the other way. the principles of God. The more we nor understand why God has not beTo Latterday Saints: The Word of follow the word of God, the less we stowed the priesthood on women or the

Wisdom regarding intoxicating drinks are deceived, while those who follow seed of Cain, but God's ways are not was given in 1833 as a word of wisthe wisdom of men are deceived the man's ways. God does not have to

dom; but 18 years later, another most. justify all his ways for the puny mind

Prophet of God declared it to be a Increasingly the Latterday Saints of man. If a man gets in tune with

commandment. All members of The must choose between the reasoning of the Lord, he will know that God's

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday men and the revelations of God. This course of action is right, even though

Saints who drink intoxicating beveris a crucial choice, for we have those he may not know all the reasons why.

ages are in disobedience to the comwithin the Church today who, with The Prophet Joseph Smith undermandments of God. There are no their worldly wisdom, are leading stood this principle when he said,

compromises nor halfway measures. some of our members astray. Presi- "... the curse is not yet taken off

The good people who would like to dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., warned that from the sons of Canaan, neither will

protect themselves and their families "the ravening wolves are amongst us be until it is affected by as great a

December 1967 55 FOR OLDFASHIONED HEALTHGIVING GOODNESS

Automatic Potato Peeler power as caused it to come; and the lar group they seek to deceive."(The

people who interfere the least with the Improvement Era, May 1942, p. 343.)

purposes of God in this matter, will That timely counsel about "a fervid come under the least condemnation but false solicitude for the unfortubefore Him; and those who are denate"could have saved China and

s,< termined to pursue a course, which Cuba if enough people knew what the shows an opposition, and a feverish Communist masters of deceit really the in decrees of 11 the against had mind when they promised % f1 restlessness is it agrarian reform. too perhaps Lord, will learn, when

late for their own good, that God can Such timely counsel could help save

A'do His own work, without the aid of our country from Communism, as the

Here's the newest, speediest laborsaver those who are not dictated by His same masters of deceit are showing the we've seen in ages! Just pop up to 2 counsel."{Documentary History of same false solicitude for the uninto special the potatoes of pounds fortunate rights. in the of civil 438.) Vol. 2, p. the Church, name

you'll have handle, and crank chamber, is ignores the first largely nothing with wrong world Now there The in rounded peeled batch and a whole a jiffy. No mess, no wet hands. Baked and great commandment—to love God civil rights; it is what's being done in

enamel on steel, heavygauge plastic.—but talks a lot about loving their the name of civil rights that is

8"X 8"in white. $12.95 postpaid. brother. They worship at the altar of alarming.

man. Would Nephi have slain Laban There is no doubt that the socalled

BREAD MIXER if he had put the love of neighbor civil rights movement as it exists today above the love of God? Would Abrais used as a Communist program for

ham have taken Isaac up for a sacrirevolution in America just as agrarian fice if he had put the second reform was used by the Communists commandment first? to take over China and Cuba.

The attitude of the world is reThis shocking statement can be conflected in a phrase of falsehood that firmed by an objective study of Comreads, "Presume not God to scan, the munist literature and activities and proper study of mankind is man."But by knowledgeable Negroes and others

love those only within and have worked know God can the Comwho who 1 for to batch 4 loaves a bread for children, his best serve love munist movement. and makes'to you. postpaid $13.95 his fully understands as 1928, only As far back the Communists God Sales Tax residents add 49c Utah

is for cultural, best the declared that economic, what and knows ELECTRIC FLOUR MILLS childrentheir differences the welfare. Therefore, one needs between and social

. Stone ground. Home size.. in exploited to best races in tune with could help to be America be God

his children. That's why the Church, by them to create the animosity, fear,

"CORONA"under the inspiration of the Lord, and hatred between large segments of

GRAIN MILL encourages its members to first look our people that would be necessary for use wHh to themselves, then their family, then beginning ingredients for their revocorn, wheat, nut, the Church and if need be to other lution.2 etc. Easily adiusts

for fine or coarse voluntary agencies to help solve the Briefly, the three broad objectives grinding. Regular of follows: as are poverty, unemployment, problems were and $9.95 C model #1

1 postpaid. 1. CTSP New sickness, hatred hunger, Create Those and distress.

finer mill with model 2. Trigger violence not same by that moved who are $10.95 plates grinding

East postpaid. of inspiration turn instead to govern- 3. Overthrow established govern-

$1.00 Rockies add

postage on either m ment. Such manmade course of ment

"Special"quantity prices to church groups action does little good compared to First, create hatred. Use any means

on both grain mills and bread mixer. the Lord's approach and often results to agitate blacks into hating whites

Write for prices on Electric Mills! in doing great harm to our Father's and whites into hating blacks. Work

Send orders to: children, even though the intentions both sides of the split. Play up and

If real grievances. exaggerate necesnoble. seem to been have may CO. SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT

if to hesitate to desire don't Therefore, manufacture help your sary, you

Smithfield, Utah N. Main 99 injustices false stories the about most, rumors fellowmen then and must you

put the first commandment first. and brutality. Create martyrs for both

When we fail to put the love of sides. Play upon mass emotions until

God first, we are easily deceived by they smolder with resentment and crafty men who profess a great love hatred.

'-DL l.aXi- t,ack2 )71UCfz of humanity, while advocating proSecond, trigger violence. Put the

grams that are not of the Lord. emotional masses into the streets in the

y tukick ins daui nsusr j In 1942 Presidents Heber J. Grant, form of large mobs, the larger the

J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and David O. better. It makes no difference if the

is to told increasing demonstrate "peaceus about the warned mob HIznocvMcKay fully"threat to so as into long it is brought our constitution caused by i%i.on revolutionists whom the First Presidirect confrontation with the antagodency said were "using a technique nist. Merely bringing the two emothat is as old as the human race—a tionally charged groups together is

fervid but false solicitude for the unlike mixing oxygen and hydrogen. All\ DESEiET fortunate over whom they thus gain that is needed is one tiny spark. If the

mastery, and then enslave them. They spark is not forthcoming from purelyI MORTUARY suit their approaches to the particuspontaneous causes, create it.

THOUGHT FOR THE MONTH

CUT OUT & ADD TO YOUR COLLECTION

56 Improvement Era Third, overthrow established govcenters of government even if they kind of solution to the problems ernment. Once mob violence becomes could capture them in the first place. playedup, aggravated, or created outwidespread and commonplace, condiIt would be a terribly bloody affair, right by Communists for just that

tion those who are emotionally inall Americans suffering mightily but purpose. After the machinery of

volved to accept violence as the only with Negroes paying the highest toll Communism is firmly established, then way to "settle the score"once and for in human life. And the Communists allow the hidden Communists one by

all. Provide leadership and training know this better than anyone else. one to make their identities known.

for guerilla warfare. Institute disciThey do not really expect to take Liquidate first the antiCommunists

pline and terrorism to insure at least America with a "war of national and then the nonCommunist sympapassive support from the larger, inactive liberation"(v/hich is their term for thizers who are no longer needed in segment of the population. Train and internal conquest through force and government. The total state mechanism

battleharden leadership through spoviolence) unless the aggressive revolucan now openly and "peacefully"be radic riots and battles with police. tionary force can be broadened to transferred into the hands of ComFinally, at the appointed time, launch include not only the minority of munists. Such is the socalled prolean allout simultaneous offensive in Negroes, but also migratory farm tarian revolution. Such has happened

every major city. laborers, the poor, the unemployed, in other, once free, countries. It has

Police and national guard units will those on welfare, other minority already started here.

never be adequate to handle such widegroups, students, the socalled "peace The Communists are not entirely spread anarchy, especially if a large movements,"and anyone who can be certain whether force and violence or part of our men and equipment are propagandized into mob action against legal and political means or a comdrained away in fighting foreign wars. established government. But unless bination of both would be best for

In selfdefense, larger numbers are and until they can manipulate an the internal conquest of America. At

brought into fighting on both sides. overwhelming majority of the popufirst, there was talk of splitting away

The appearance of a nationwide civil lation into at least sympathizing with the "Black Belt,"those southern states war takes form. In the confusion, their revolutionary activities, they will in which the Negro held a majority,

potential antiCommunist leaders of use violence, anarchy, and sabotage, and calling them a Negro Soviet Reboth races are assassinated, apparently not as a means of seizing power, but public. But, as conditions changed

the accidental casualties of race war. merely as a support operation or a and more Negroes migrated to the

Time the attack to coincide, if poscatalyst to an entirely different plan. northern states, they applied this same

sible, with largescale sabotage of In such countries as Czechoslovakia, strategy to the socalled ghetto areas water supplies, power grids, main railthe Communists have used an entirely in the North. It now seems probable

road and highway arteries, communicadifferent method of internal conquest. that the Communists are determined to

tion centers, and government buildings. Instead of the force and violence of a use force and violence to its fullest,

With fires raging in every conceivable bloody revolution (a "war of national coupled with a weakening of the part of town, with wanton looting liberation"), parliamentary and politieconomy and military setbacks abroad, going on in the darkness of a big city cal means were used to bring about a in an effort to create as much havoc without routine police protection, withmore peaceful transition to Comas possible to weaken America interout water to drink, without electrical munism. The Communist strategists nally and to create the kind of

refrigeration, without transportation or call this alternate plan a "proletarian"psychological desperation in the minds radio or TV, the public will panic, revolution. 2 of all citizens that will lead them to

lock its doors in trembling fear, and This plan is as follows: Using accept blindly the application of legal

make it that much easier for the small unidentified Communist agents and and political means as the final blow.

but wellled and fully disciplined nonCommunist sympathizers in key Some wonder if it can happen here.

guerrilla bands to capture the power positions in government, in communiJust take a good look at what has been centers of each community. Overthrow cations media, and in mass organizagoing on around us for the past few

the government! After complete contions, such as labor unions and civil years. It is happening here! If it is to

trol is consolidated (and that may rights groups, demand more and more be prevented from running the full take many months, as in Cuba), only government power as the solution to course, we must stop pretending that then allow the people to discover that all civil rights problems. Total govit doesn't exist.

it was a Communist revolution after ernment is the objective of ComLet us consider some suggestions all. munism. Without calling it by for our survival. The hour is late.

If Communism comes to America, it name, build Communism piece by The Communist program for revoluwill probably not happen quite like piece through mass pressures for tion in America has been in progress that. Even though this is the basic presidential decrees, court orders, and for many years and is far advanced.

formula used in so many other counlegislation that appear to be aimed at While it can be thwarted in a fairly tries now part of the Communist emimproving civil rights and other social short period of time merely by sufficient pire, there is one very important reforms. If there is social, economic, exposure, the evil effects of what has

difference. In China, in Cuba, and in or educational discrimination, then already been accomplished cannot be

Algeria, the segment of the population advocate more government programs removed overnight. The animosities,

that the Communists used as the and control. the hatred, the extension of govern-

"battering ram"of their revolution of And what if riots come? Then more ment control into our daily lives—all

force and violence was the majority government housing, government welthis will take time to repair. The

segment. In America, though, the fare, government job training, and, alreadyinflicted wounds will be slow

Negro represents only 10 percent of finally, federal control over police. in healing. But they can be healed;

the population. In any allout race Thus the essential economic and that is the important point.

war that might be triggered, there isn't political structure of Communism can 1. First of all, we must not place

a chance in the world that Combe built entirely "legally"and in apthe blame upon Negroes. They are

munistled Negro guerilla units could parent response to the wishes of the merely the unfortunate group that has permanently hold on to the power people who have clamored for some been selected by professional ComDecember 1967 57 munist agitators to be used as the our police and discourage them from The success or failure of Americans primary source of cannon fodder. Not doing their job to the best of their of all races to meet this challenge may

one in a thousand Americans—black ability. well determine the fate of our country. or white—really understands the full Salaries should be adequate to hold If we fail, we will all lose our civil

implications of today's civil rights on to and attract the very finest men rights, black man and white man toagitation. The planning, direction, available for police work. But, in quesgether, for we will live under perfect

and leadership come from the Comtions of money, great care should be Communist equality—the equality of

munists, and most of those are white taken not to accept grants from the slaves.

men who fully intend to destroy federal government. Along with fedAs President McKay has stated, "The

America by spilling Negro blood, eral money, inevitably there will come position of this Church on the subject rather than their own. federal controls and guidelines that not of Communism has never changed. We

2. Next, we must not participate in only may get local police embroiled in consider it the greatest satanical threat

any socalled "blacklash"activity national politics, but may even lead to to peace, prosperity, and the spread of which might tend to further intensify the eventual creation of a national God's work among men that exists on interracial friction. AntiNegro vigipolice force. Every despotism requires the face of the earth."

lante action, or mob action, of any a national police force to hold the He has also counseled that "next to kind fits perfectly into the Communist people in line. Communism is no exbeing one in worshiping God, there is

plan. This is one of the best ways to ception. Our local police should renothing in this world upon which this

force the decent Negro into cooperating main free from federal control. Church should be more united than in

with militant Negro groups. The 5. Further encroachment of governupholding and defending the ConstiCommunists are just as anxious to ment should be stopped and the entire tution of the United Statesl"{The Inspearhead such antiNegro actions as process reversed. The solution to most, structor, Vol. 93 (1956), p. 94.)

they are to organize demonstrations if not all, of the current problems inMay we unite behind the Prophet that are calculated to irritate white volving civil rights is less government, in opposing the Communist conspiracy people. not more. and preserving our freedom and our

3. We must insist that duly autho- 6. Lastly, we need a vast awakening divine constitution, I pray in the name

rized legislative investigating commitof the American people as to the true of Jesus Christ. Amen. o

tees nature of the launch an even for blueprint exhaustive more Communist FOOTNOTES study revolution. the and expose Considering degree the degree to to which

secret Communists have penetrated which the controlling influences of the blueprintManningin Johnson,his book, nowColor,deceased,CommunismspelledandoutComthis

Massachusetts). Island, Belmont, Sense civil (Western rights into the of the mon government and movement. many The federal

Mrs. LolaPatterson, Brown, Julia and Mrs. Leonard to needs are fursame be done communications media with militant now tours lecture belle are active currently on Holmes

this unhappy it carrying groups. antiNegro thering revolution, This is an effective this Communist

to movement as many truthof theaboutAmericanthe civilpeoplerightsas is unrealistic for the to expect people American way of both most of our reach. they can

races to find out who are the false present leaders or the networks to bring thishediabolictwo classicplot areCommunistAmerican manualsNegro Problemsexplainingby leaders among them. about this awakening. In fact, they may John Pepper (1928), and The Negroes in a Soviet

(1935). 4. We must support our local police be expected to resist it. That means AmericaBoth wereby publishedJames Fordoriginallyand Jamesby theAllenCommunist

in their difficult task of keeping law that individual citizens must stand up Party and may now be obtained as photographic and order in these trying times. Police and assume more than their share of reprintschusetts 02178.from American Opinion, Belmont, MassaFor detailed this of understanding phase responsibility. of Comcivilian should not platthe be encumbered by The speaker's

strategy, the student is munist to research the urged review boards, social or asked to form, of literature, be hand distribution official party's subject pronouncements on the proletarian revolution. best easiest the Perhaps and workers. of their clubs, full study have hands They home discussions—all place to begin, however, actual of the one just trying the peace. to keep into service. pressed Recent All of us must be textbooks to used cadres teach in CzechCommunistis with

softon-crime decisions of the Supreme should read the new book, Communist tooslovakia.SocialismIt isby entitledMeans Aboutof the theRevolutionaryPossible TransitionUse of

Court, which hamper the police in Revolution in the Streets, written by Parliament, written by Jan Kozak, official historian protecting the innocent and bringing Gary Allen, with an introduction by ofNationalthe CzechAssembly.CommunistReprintsPartyof andthe memberpertinent ofpartsthe

the criminal to justice, should be re- W. Cleon Skousen. Each of us must of this textbook may be obtained from the U. S.

versed. Persistent cries of "police be willing to discuss the problem mentGovernmentpamphletPrintingentitledOfficeTheinNewthe formRole ofof aNationalgovernLegislative Bodies in the Conspiracy, Communist brutality"friends—especially published by the House Committee on UnAmerican they what Activities, 30, 1961. December shouldare—attemptsbe recognizedto discreditfor thoseopenlyof withthe Negroour race.

Elder Aivin R, Semaphores of LifeDYER,Apostle

My dear brothers and sisters, it is These brethren who hear me sing as far as I was concerned. I went into

most difficult at a time like this to would not suspect that in my early life the mission field at the age of 18; and

express one's true emotions. As I sat I sang in a quartet: we became pretty when I came back, having previously

there since the sustaining of the offigood, to the extent that at the age of played some baseball in my high cers today, I thought that in every life 18 we received a contract to go on a school years, I was approached by two there are a number of semaphores of vaudeville circuit to sing for some 42 or three semipro teams who wanted direction; and rather hastily there weeks, and we were all primed for this. me to play for them. It was then, became back to me a few of those semaBut at this time Bishop Parry of the cause of my great desire to play basephores which, if I had taken the wrong 16th Ward called me to his office and ball, that the possibility of making it

turn, most surely would have presaid that they wanted to recommend a career occurred to me. I signed to

vented me from occupying this posime to be called on a mission, and, of play with one of these teams but soon tion today. course, that was the end of the quartet found, as I was called to labor in a

58 Improvement Era bishopric about the same time, that it startled me many times when I think greatly love and respect. After extendwas interfering with my responsibihabout it. A member of the First Presiing his well wishes, he said these words

ties as a member of the bishopric, so I dency on the other end of the tele- (and they have tremendous meaning):

had to make the decision; and the phone said, "Brother Dyer, we would "Don't worry, Alvin. You have been

decision was to continue my work in like you to go to Europe. When can called by the highest authority upon

the bishopric and serve the Lord to the you leave?"I said, "I can leave any the earth to this calling, and it will be

best of my abihty. time,"thinking that I was to go there made known to you what you are

I then settled down to the work of on a trip for maybe two weeks to atto do."

succeeding in business. As the years tend some conferences or some other I know only partially now, at the

passed, it became more favorable, and assignment. But he said, "You won't present time, what holding the apostleas most young men, I desired to make be coming back very soon, so you had ship in my case will entail for me. I

a lot of money. I had as my goal a better think a little longer about this."know, of course, that the Lord has

million dollars, and I felt that if I But it made no difference. I accepted made known that an apostle is to conwould follow the course that I had the call and with my wife spent 25 tend against none but the church of

taken, perhaps I could do this by the months presiding over the European evil, to take upon himself the name time I would reach the age of 55. Mission. of Christ and speak the truth in soberThings were progressing very well in There have been many other semaness, and to be a witness, a special

this direction when President Stephen phores in my life, and I am confident witness for Jesus Christ in the world.

L Richards called me to his office and that each of you in your own life has But it matters not as to its entirety, said that I had been called to preside had many of your own. for I am committed to serve the presiover the Central States Mission. A When President McKay asked me in dent of the High Priesthood, whom we

year or so after that I disposed of my the temple a few days ago if I would call the President of the Church. He

business interests, so I will never know accept the calling of the apostleship, I is the one declared by the Lord to be whether I would or could have made a replied that I would, although I was like unto Moses, to preside over the million dollars. somewhat perplexed as to what this whole Church, and there is only one

I remember receiving a telephone calling would mean under the cirappointed to this high and holy posicall, after I had become one of the cumstances. As we moved to another tion upon the earth at one time. I

Assistants to the Twelve, while attendroom in the temple, my feelings were know with all my soul that President ing a conference in the Teton Stake. somewhat quieted by the kind and McKay is that servant of God upon

It was just a matter of routine, yet the meaningful words of a member of the the earth today.

tremendous implications of it have Quorum of the Twelve, whom I I have been privileged to feel the

send for it...it's ffBB

THIS RECORDING

COULD HOLD THE ANSWER TO YOUR FUTURE SUCCESS...

Do you feel your present job may be recording, you, too, will begin to further describes the unlimited finanleading you down a dead end street? realize the vast untapped potential cial rewards that can be yours as a

If there's the slightest doubt in your and possibilities for accomplishments Distributor for SMI's Personal Develmind about your future opportunities that lie dormant within your own opment, Executive Motivation, and in your present job, you owe it to being. Sales Training recorded programs and

to our longplay able send for yourself like just been have you how men the receive you'll recording With Motivation.""Personal recording, as as their earnings to increase much the un- a booklet which outlines

start the right from 100% sEiles limited real opportunities for the outlines remarkrecording This to success at available Success you of philosophy concept and able Institute. booklet Motivation BE TRUE? The GOOD TO TOO SOUND Institute, Inc.. Motivation Success for a tells for yourself. your efforts Send out about continuing Find SMI's

to exclusively devoted "mocompany to Motivation"free their "Personal Distributors provide copy and full potential."their to tivating people

... the with Salesmen best products the UNand ofOPPORTUNITY

the best training and sales promoLIMITED booklet today. There's

The message has been an inspiration tion... and the best advertising and absolutely no obligation. Write, wire

to thousands. After listening to the public relations support. The booklet or phone today!

SUCCESS MOTIVATION INSTITUTE, INC.

DEPT. IE I 2-7 BOX 7614 (817) PL 4-3574 WACO, TEXAS, 76710

December 1967 59 nearness of President McKay's spirit. I sisters, have been most glorious, as the throughout all his life.

have felt the majesty of his soul as we Spirit of the Lord has been made mani- I do not feel to speak longer, but in stood in the valley of Adamondi- fest in the progress of the Church and closing may I read just one verse that

Ahman, observing in the short distance its programs of the future in the service has impressed me for many years as a place there known as Spring Hill, to mankind. Yesterday, in the regional reflecting the true teachings of the

referred to in Section 116 of the Docrepresentatives seminar, we all felt an Master in our dealings one with antrine and Covenants as the place where overwhelming surge of the Spirit as other. The spirit of every word can be

Adam, Michael, or the "Ancient of Brother Lee was testifying of the work. found in his parables and teachings:

Days,"in accordance with the prophIt had a motivating power over all "May I be no man's enemy, and may ecy of Daniel, shall in the due time who were present, and affected me I be the friend of that which is eternal.

of the Lord visit the earth for an imvery deeply. I am firmly committed... May I never devise evil against

portant reason, and while there hearto the laws of the priesthood and to any man: if any devise evil against me,

ing President McKay utter quietly, the instruction and direction, given to may I escape... without the need

"This is a most holy place."I have us as a people by the Lord, of this of hurting him. May I love, seek,

shed tears of joy and of sorrow with important work and of all the revelaand attain only that which is good.

this great man upon occasions. tions, both for the present and for May I wish for all men's happiness

I remember the experience of a very the future. In this the priesthood is the and envy none.... May I win

noted European who came to America, governing force, while revelation is no victory which harms me or my

Dr. Hans Wacher of Munich, a very the guiding light. opponent.... May I respect myaccomplished and wellknown archiAt this time my feelings concern self.... May I always keep tame that

tect who had been converted to the most deeply my tried and true and which rages within me."{This Age of

Church, a man known all over Eurasia, most wonderful companion for time Confusion, p. 296.)

South America, and Africa for his great and for all eternity, my dear wife and May joy and happiness continue as a ability. He has written a number of sweetheart. Together we have shared possession of those who love and are

books on the use of light in buildings. many years of service in the work of obedient to the gospel, and may the

I had the privilege of introducing him the Master, and always there has been gospel be the hope and the opening to the President and sitting at the that feeling of oneness in that service; of the door of light to the honest in

other end of the table while they even now my heart is full, and I know heart who seek its golden truths the talked. And then I heard this man that her heart is with me in this call world over, that they may be thus numsay, as we reached the foyer outside the and that she is a part of it. How wonbered with the children of our

President's office, these words which in derful is her support and understandHeavenly Father in this great latter- a sense echo my own thoughts over ing. I am most grateful for her and day work. I bear you my testimony

and over again this day: "Today I have our two children, Gloria and Brent, that I know without any question that

stood in the presence of a prophet of who with their companions for time this is the work of our Heavenly

God. Truly he is a prophet. I shall and eternity bless our lives with our Father; I am grateful for the semareturn to my beloved Bavaria and grandchildren. I have one brother livphores of life that have pointed the

testify unto my family and my friends ing. My brother Gus and I are the way, and I await now only the opporthat David O. McKay is a prophet of only two of a family of 15, and I am tunity to continue that service in the

God."grateful for him and his untiring work kingdom of God. I bear this witness

These past days, my brethren and in the Church, which he has pursued in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen, o

McCONKIE, Elder Bruce R. The Tiuies of Refreshing

of the First Council of the Seventy

May I raise in the minds of thoughtand known again? May I now open the door to investiful and sincere Christian people such Strange and improbable as such gation where these matters are conquestions as these: questions,may seem at first blush, cerned?

Does the Holy Bible foretell the more extended investigation will reveal Shortly after the ascension of the mission and ministry of Joseph Smith? their aptness and deep significance. resurrected Christ into heaven, Peter

Is the advent of Mormonism spoken If it is true that inspired men of old made this inspired statement to those of in the ancient scriptures? knew and spoke of the very events who were guilty of our Lord's death:

Was its establishment, growth, and now transpiring where The Church of "Repent ye therefore, and be converted, eventual earthfilling destiny known Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is that your sins may be blotted out, to the prophets and seers of old? concerned, then a knowledge of this when the times of refreshing shall

Did Peter, Paul, John, and the other Church and its doctrines becomes more come from the presence of the Lord;

ancient apostles know that their aposimportant than any other knowledge "And he shall send Jesus Christ, tolic mantles would rest in due course in the whole realm of religion. which before was preached unto you:

on the shoulders of Mormon elders, If it is true that these New Testa- "Whom the heaven must receive on prophets and apostles of modern ment authors foretold both an apostasy until the times of restitution of all times? and a restoration, then the traditional things, which God hath spoken by the

Did the ancient apostles and prophconcept of many equally true Christian mouth of all his holy prophets since ets know that after the predicted falling sects must give way to the stem reality the world began."(Acts 3:1921.)

away from the faith once delivered that there is and can be but one true Now let us analyze this prophetic to the saints, there would be a day Church on earth, one place where utterance with care. Peter is not inof restoration and renewal, a day when legal administrators chart the true viting our Lord's murderers to be bapall the glories of old would be seen course to salvation. tized and to join the Church. They

60 Improvement Era are not heirs of salvation. They have things that God ever gave in any age

already rejected and slain their Mesof the earth for salvation, betterment, siah. But Peter is holding out some blessing, and edification of his children

hope to them in a future day, a day will be restored again.

named the times of refreshing. This What a glorious doctrine this is! How

designated period, this times of refreshlittle it is known and understood in the ing, is to take place at the second world! Here we have a plain, pointed,

coming of the Son of Man, in the day prophetic proclamation that before the when the Lord sends Christ again to second coming of the Son of Man, an earth. age named the age of restoration is

If we are to catch the vision of to commence in the earth's history;

Peter's prophecy, we must know pointand sometime in the course of this is specificallyedly period, age or everything that ever and what meant God Service beyond is It times said to or the or revealed elsespoke anby any of refreshing.

where spoken of by Jesus as "the cient prophets is to come again to men the call of duty regeneration when the Son of man on earth. What a door of investigais what you can expect when you

shall sit in the throne of his glory."tion this opens. insure through an independent in-

(Matt. 19:28.) It is the day "when Now, what is it that God revealed surance agent, i-le's on your side

the earth shall be transfigured, even anciently? Has the great age of when you need help most, because

free to pick he's bechoose and to the restorationaccording pattern which was commenced? Come,

several fine let us tween insurance comapostles of investigation. enter unto the the mine door uponshown panies. agents. We're independent

.".. says. themount, in ancient times? Lord known God (D&C Was in car, for finest us the See home,

63:21.) It is the day when "the earth Did he walk and talk with the prophets or business insurance.

will be renewed and receive its paraof old? Were his laws revealed in

disiacal glory."in plainness Article of (Tenth and CO. perfection? If so, all HEBER J. GRANT &Faith.) It this is the again. is to occur day of the "new City Salt Lake General Agents,

earth"that Isaiah saw (Isa. 65:17), Did men of old hold the holy priestthe earth which will prevail when hood, the power and authority of God

wickedness ceases, when the millennial to act in all things for the salvation era is ushered in, when "every corof men on earth? Were there legal

ruptible thing, both of man, or of the administrators who had power from beasts of the field, or of the fowls of God to perform the ordinances of salthe heavens, or of the fish of the sea, vation so that they would be binding that dwells upon all the face of the on earth and have full efficacy and earth, shall be consumed."(D&C force in eternity? If so, this power and BLACK & WHITE

101:24.) It is the day when men this priesthood must come again.

"shall beat their swords into plowDid men of old hold the keys of the their into spears keys, theseshares, and of heaven? pruningkingdom By I 8 exposure roll

(Isa. of uriiversalhooks"2:4), a day and could they bind have on earth it FILMS

peace and justice, a millennial era sealed everlastingly in the heavens? DEVELOPED & PRINTED

so, Christ shall reign personally If such divinewhen must be exerpower SIZE VIN JUMBO earth. cisedupon the again men. by mortal 12 exposures 504 20 exposures

Having thus announced that Christ Did legal administrators of old have 36 exposures $1.50 $1.00

will come again in this day of refreshpower to baptize with fire and the ing, of regeneration, of transfiguration, Ghost? they seal Holy Could up men

life? gifts of paradisiacal of COLOR FILM the glory, this milunto eternalthis day Were

lennial era, then Peter says that the the Spirit poured out upon the saints?heaven must receive him "until the If so, all these powers and gifts must DEVELOPING

all restitutiontimes of things."again. of Here come KODACOLOR

Roll per definition. anotherthen need Were we What

Printing roll Dev. and $2.55 restitution? the times ancient of by is meant times—menthere apostleswhoandactuallyprophetsrepin 8-Exposure Roll 12Exposure per

These words mean age of restoration, resented the Lord; who stood between Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll

an age in which God has promised to him and the people; who spoke his Color Reprints 204 each

restore all things that he spoke by the mind and his will to men; whose voice

all his of as to holy of prophets the voice mortals? since wasmouth God SLIDES COLOR

Slides Color per 1 35 mm it Is in began. true thatthe the world Church

roll exp., Dev. ancient 20 and Mount...$1.35

built Christ times very the once Thus, foundawas and minison came Slides Color 135 per mm tered among men, climaxing his mintion of apostles and prophets, Jesus 36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll

istry with his atoning sacrifice and Christ himself being the chief cornerColor Movie per ascension to his Father. He is to come stone? If so, such will again be found 8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll

again, a second time, in a day of in the age of restoration.

refreshing to reign times the perrenewal, In ancient gift of and was the GENEALOGY PHOTOS the out poured Ghost he cannot sonally upon Holy upon earth. But men?

come this second time until an age Were their minds quickened and enNEGATIVES MADE of OLD in the earth's history commences which lightened from on high? Did they rePHOTOS, 60<t each. PRINTS

has the name the times of restitution, ceive and utter words beyond man's of NEGATIVE, 54 each or in other words he cannot come power to devise? Did they foretell Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s

until the age or period of restoration; the future? Were the visions of eterMoney-Back Guarantee

and in that age or period all essential nity opened to the seers of old so that SAM'S PHOTO LAB

P.O. Box 11 1 5 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, Utah

December 1967 61 they knew of things past, present, and to Joseph Smith, that it is now conAnd then he gave us the real key to future? Did angels descend from the tinuing and will continue until after joy and happiness. He said: "But

courts of glory to give them counsel, the second coming of the Son of Man. learn that he who doeth the works of

direction, and understanding? If so, Verily, it is true that the Holy Bible righteousness shall receive his reward,

all of these things must be revealed foretells the mission and ministry of even peace in this world, and eternal anew in the age of restoration. Joseph Smith. It is true that the advent life in the world to come."(D&C

Were there miracles in days gone by? of Mormonism was spoken of in the 59:23.) Peace comes as the Father

Did signs follow those that believed? ancient scriptures and that its estabwitnesses unto us his divine approval

Were the eyes of the blind opened, the lishment, growth, and eventual earthof the things that we are doing. This

ears of the deaf unstopped, the lame filling destiny were known to the peace is a basis of real joy and happicaused to leap, and the dead raised? prophets and seers of old. ness, and it comes to us through the

Was there healing power in the priestIt is true that the times of restitution gospel of Jesus Christ.

hood? Were the elements controlled, has commenced, and that Holy Being One of the most profound statements

wild beasts subdued, the violence of who is no respecter of persons, who is in the scriptures as to the purpose of fire quenched, the armies of men put the same yesterday, today, and forman's advent upon the earth is in the to flight, rivers moved from their ever, that Being in whom is neither Book of Mormon, as Lehi teaches his course, and mountains moved? If so, variableness nor shadow of turning, is son Jacob in the many truths of the

like miracles must come again. again pouring out upon his saints gospel. He said: "And now, behold,

Now we testify—boldly and truly every grace, right, gift, power, preif Adam had not transgressed he would

that all these things were part of God's rogative, and good thing ever enjoyed not have fallen, but he would have true religion anciently and that they by the saints of any age. remained in the garden of Eden. And

have been, are being, or will be reThese things are true. They deserve all things which were created must

stored in the very age in which we investigation. They demand investihave remained in the same state in

live. We announce that the times of gation. A knowledge of them brings which they were after they were crerestitution, the age of restoration, bepeace in this life and an assurance of ated; and they must have remained

gan in the spring of 1820, with the immortal glory in the world to come. forever, and had no end.

appearance of the Father and the Son In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen, o "And they would have had no

children; wherefore they would have

remained in a state of innocence, having no joy, for they knew no misery;

doing no good, for they knew no sin.

"But behold, all things have been

all things. to eth- T TTv/rrMDT? The Road done in the wisdom of him who know- "Adam Elder{ijLiLilMyjixbj, fell that men might be; and are, that they might have joy."James A. Hapuiness men the Twelve Assistant to the CouncW of 2:2225.) (2 Ne.

He taught Jacob also that as the

My brothers and sisters, I am grateIn this dispensation the Lord has Lord desired men to have joy, so the ful today for this choice experience. said, "... inasmuch as ye do this devil seeketh to make him miserable,

Sister Cullimore and I have just con- [keep the commandments], the fulness "for he seeketh that all men might be cluded a tour of all the missions of of the earth is yours, the beasts of miserable like unto himself."(2 Ne.

Great Britain, holding meetings with the field and the fowls of the air, and 2:27.)

many of the branches and the wards that which climbeth upon the trees This great joy came to our first there, and we bring you greetings, and walketh upon the earth; parents as the Lord revealed unto them

especially to President McKay; the "Yea, and the herb, and the good the purpose of the creation, and they

members want you to know how much things which come of the earth, saw that now through the Fall these they love you, and wanted us to bring whether for food or for raiment, or for purposes could be fulfilled.

you their greetings. houses, or for bams, or for orchards, The Fall is generally looked upon

One of the greatest thrills that came or for gardens, or for vineyards; by our Christian friends as a great

to us as we visited these missions was "Yea, all things which come of the sin, committed by our first parents, to see the light in the eyes of the new earth, in the season thereof, are made which brought shame and death to all converts, the tremendous radiance and for the benefit and the use of man, the human family. They believe that

light that came into their eyes as they both to please the eye and to gladden if Adam and Eve had not partaken of expressed their faith and their happithe heart; the fruit, their posterity would have

ness in receiving the gospel of Jesus "Yea, for food and for raiment, for lived on endlessly in peace and bliss,

Christ. I think, too, as I see the taste and for smell, to strengthen the free from temptation and sin and the

happiness and the radiance—the joy in body and to enliven the soul. problems of the flesh today. The Lord

the eyes of good members ever3rwhere "And it pleaseth God that he hath has revealed to us that only by the Fall who are living the gospel—that it lets given all these things unto man; for could his plan be accomplished.

me know more than ever that the unto this end were they made to be Is it any wonder then that as these restored gospel is indeed the way to used "(D&C 59:1620.) glorious truths were revealed to Adam

joy and happiness. As the Lord placed Now all that he asks of us is gratiand Eve, they had great joy and

man upon the earth, he intended for tude through obedience; for he said, praised God?

him to be happy. He gave him laws "... in nothing doth man offend God, The Holy Ghost fell upon Adam and

which, if he is obedient to them, will or against none is his wrath kindled, Eve and bore record of the Father and bring him happiness. He filled the save those who confess not his hand the Son and gave witness that as they

earth with all things to make him in all things, and obey not his comhad fallen, they may also be redeemed, happy. mandments."(D&C 59:21.) and "all mankind, even as many as

62 Improvement Era will."We are told that Adam "blessed

God and was filled, and began to prophesy concerning all the families of the earth, saying: Blessed be the

name of God, for because of my transgression my eyes are opened, and in this life I shall have joy, and again in the flesh I shall see God.

"And Eve, his wife, heard all these things and was glad, saying: Were it

not for our transgression we never should have had seed, and never should have known good and evil, and the joy of our redemption, and the eternal life which God giveth unto all the obedient."(Moses 5:9-11.)

Yes, the restored gospel of Jesus

Christ is the way to joy and happiness.

The Lord intended that his childrenshould be happy, that they would have 2 areas joy as they served him. He gave them

understanding of his plan and how they would enter back into his presence. He had given his children a of Security

promise of great blessings for obediisence. every Almost commandment with Iiighest earningsaccompanied a promise by of reward

for obedience. Paul said to the

Corinthian saints: "... Eye hath not

seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, thethings which God hath prepared for at State Savings them that love him."(I Cor. 2:9.)

I like the verses of President George

H. Brimhall: Having offices in two Utah and seven Hawaiian

"The aim of man's existence is

That he may have more joy communities gives State extra stability. You benefit

sorrow, in the Than sum of life from economic conditions of all areas... PLUS: Build rather destroy; than

To seek the truth, love man and God in his work be glad; And

more Be much moved by love of God Insured safety—all savings insured to $15,000 by a

Than by the fear of bad."permanent agency of the U.S. GovernThe Lord intended that man should ment.

labors; in his joyhave that even Sound management Capable management with a sound adversitythrough sorrow and and trials

the hand of the Lord could be seen as record since 1919, maintaining reserves he fulfills his purposes in the earth; to back your savings that exceed those

that in the sum of life we should required by regulation.

emerge joy with sorrow, than more Highest rate—State Savings consistently highpays the

gladness in drudgery,more than work est rate in the area on insured savings. rather fear, lovebe motivated than by

joy as achieve,have build and we Save now at State satisfaction ashave peace and we seek to find the truth. That joy and hapHOME OFFICE:

piness often come through sorrow 56 South Main Street, and trials is attested to by President Salt Lake City, Utah

Brigham Young: Clearfield75 So. StateOffices;St., Clearfield. Utah

"... in the midst of the sorrows HAWAIIAN DIVISION MAIN OFFICE:

and afflictions of this life, its trials KingHonolulu,and BishopHawaii Streets, and temptations, the buffetings of Wahiawa Office:

Wahiawa, Oahu. flesh,Satan, of the the weakness Hawaii "tate

Office: Kaneohe is the ofand death power which

Kaneohe. Oahu, Hawaii

it, is in for necessity theresown any no Office: Waipahu

mortal man to live a single day Waipahu. Oahu. Hawaiiwithout rejoicing, and being filled ManoaWoodlawn2855 E. Manoa Office:Road avings

I to Saints, Honolulu, gladness. allude thewith Hawaii INSURED Loan Association and Office: Kaimuki privilege receiving the the of havewho

Waialae 3583 OFFICE: 56 So. Main,Spirit truth, acAve.. HOME of have been and Honolulu, Hawaii

Aiea Office: Clearfield Office: 75 South State

Aiea Shopping Center Aiea, Oahu, Hawaii

December 1967 63 One ofthe Met's quainted with the laws of the new covenant.... it is necessary that we

should be tried, tempted, and buffeted, to make us feel the weaknesses of this brightest stars mortal flesh.... We rejoice because

the Lord is ours, because we are sown in weakness for the express purpose of attaining to greater power and perfection. In everything the Saints may doesn't sing. rejoice—in persecution, because it is

necessary to purge them,... in sickness and in pain,... because we are

thereby made acquainted with pain, with sorrow,... for by contrast all

things are demonstrated to our senses.

We have reason to rejoice exceedingly that faith is in the world, that the

Lord reigns, and does His pleasure among the inhabitants of the earth.,..

I rejoice because I am cast down....

Because I shall be lifted up again. I

rejoice that I am poor, because I shall It plays. be made rich; that I am afflicted, because I shall be comforted, and prepared to enjoy the felicity of perfect

happiness, for it is impossible to properly appreciate happiness, except by enduring the opposite."(Journal of

Discourses, Vol. 1, pp. 35859.)

In the Fall the Lord told man, "By

Knabe has been playing at the Met as its official piano for over thebread,sweat..."of andthy untoface woman,shaft thou"I willeat

forty years. It's become a valuable member of the company and greatly multiply thy sorrow and thy

gained the respect of such opera greats as Sutherland, Stevens, conception."(Moses 4:25, 22.) This

Corelli and Callas. didn't take away the possibility of

And this is why. The tone is consistent and beautiful, the action happinesschildren. Itandmadejoy itfrompossiblethe forFather'sthem

swift and responsive, the appearance elegant. to appreciate true joy as they underFor these same reasons Knabe is found at such prominent institustood sorrow.

is truly the way as tions as Brigham Young and Utah University. to Thejoy restoredand happiness,gospel it gives men

Take the word of those who know, and welcome a Met star into truth to live by and a knowledge that your living room. The Knabe piano. they are free to act for themselves; that

free agency is a gift of God; and that by

proper exercise of our agency we might have great glory with our Father in heaven. It teaches the happiness that

comes Official piano of The Metropolitan Opera bodies our by keeping clean andIQmNABE pure and sin free from in abiding by

Send for a free color brochure. the code of health as revealed to the

Wni. Knabe & Co., Inc., East Rochester, N.Y. Subsidiary of Aeolian Corp. children of the Lord, knowing that our

bodies are the temples of God. It

'<if)'n-H04 gives man an understanding of the plan of salvation; that we lived preIN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS mortally;life; and thethe hopereal ofpurposeeternaloflife—lifemortal

Aids in treatment of simple sore with God in all its glory. It witnesses

throat and other minor mouth and unto us the vindication that comes throat irritations. JEWELRY CO. from the Father, as we give service to

42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 our fellowmen.

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH President McKay said that he who seeks for happiness finds seldom it, but HALL'S REMEDY lives INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER he for the welfare of others, who Salt Lake City, Utah frO-f>'0-M1)'i'01l who loses himself in giving happiness to others, finds it in double portion, for it comes back to him.

Our Father witnesses to us his acSingle copies of November, 70th Anniversary, issue still ceptance of our obedience to him in available - 50iJ each. 40(|; each for orders of 11 or more. keeping his commandments by the

64 Improvement Era warm, sweet feeling of heavenly peace of the promised glories of our Father that all would repent and enter into that bums within. Quoting Presithat are prepared for those who are the joy that he has prepared for those

dent McKay again, "Peace comes by obedient to his commandments gives who keep his commandments.

obedience to law."{Pathways of Hapobedience to these laws and great hapThe Prophet Joseph Smith summed

piness, p. 33.) "That man is not at piness. the matter up like this: "Happiness is

peace who is untrue to the whisperPossibly equal to the joy that comes the object and design of our existence;

ings of Christ, the promptings of his to one in the feeling of vindication of and will be the end thereof, if we purconscience. He cannot be at peace... the Father as he witnesses to us his sue the path that leads to it; and this

when he transgresses the law of divine approval for our good lives is path is virtue, uprightness, faithfulrighteousness.... Peace does not come the "joy in the soul that repenteth."ness, holiness, and keeping all the

to the transgressor of law."(Ibid., p. The Lord has said: "Remember the commandments of God."(Teachings

136.) Happiness "is a warm glow of worth of souls is great in the sight of of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp.

the heart at peace with itself."(Ibid., God;... And how great is his joy 25556.)

p. 104) in the soul that repenteth!"(D&C May each of us be worthy to receive

There is no question but that man 18:10, 13.) great joy and happiness each day is

receives the greatest happiness from The Lord is greatly concerned about my prayer in the name of Jesus Christ.

compliance to law. Our knowledge every one of his children and would Amen. o

An Inside Job Elder Sterling W, SILL

AssfStant to the Council of the Twelve

As I was leaving my home a few when heat develops inside a person or But God did not put his best gifts mornings ago, I stepped on a black a walnut, important things begin to into walnuts. Every human soul was

walnut. I carried it with me as I happen. created in the image of God, and each

walked to work; and as I now hold In the case of the walnut, a great of us was endowed with a set of the

it in my hand, I think of it as a sympower is created that breaks this stony attributes and potentialities of Deity.

bol of life. This walnut has a shellshell as though it were paper, and a And the greatest idea that I know of

like stone. And if you could see into little shoot is sent up on its important in the world is that everyone who lives

its inside, you would discover a great mission toward the sun. This walnut the principles of the gospel of Jesus

network of stony reinforcements. And has within itself the ability to attract Christ will be given a far more

in the labyrinths in between is a subfrom the elements in the water, the soil, miraculous power whereby he will be stance having a gigantic power. If and the air all of the ingredients necesable to attract from his environment

you were to plant this seed in the soil sary to become a great walnut tree, all of the elements necessary to beunder the right circumstances, heat with wood and foilage and blossoms come even as God is. May God bless

would be developed on its inside. You and fragrance and fruit multiplying by our efforts toward this end, I humbly

might turn a blowtorch on the outside a million times the original inpray in the name of Jesus Christ.

of a walnut with little effect, but vestment. Amen. o

Saturday Morning Session, September 30, 1967 "Thank God It Can Elder Marion D. HANKS

of the First Council of the Seventy Be Done in My Time'

With President Tanner, I too beAs I passed by I heard one of them sobering. Some who speak of it do

lieve in prayer, and learned long ago disapprovingly say, "Ah, well, what so almost as if they expected that that there are occasions when, percan you expect from this younger when the magic mark is reached, the haps not very literarily but with utgeneration, anyway!"older generation will relinquish their

most earnestness, we say, "Lord, help I did not agree with her implicaresponsibilities and succumb, and the me now,"and I pray to that effect this tion, but I take her rhetorical question young will then automatically take morning. very seriously, believing that the anover! Of course, it will not happen

We are told that this broadcast is swer is of vital significance. that way. But there really are so

going to beloved Britain, and so it is What can be expected of this many of them! And they are so imappropriate that I begin by noting younger generation? portant.

that in the foyer of a church building There are few questions more imWhat kind of people are they?

in a British city a time ago, I happened portant. A small, raucous, rebellious, someby a group of older ladies who were In the first place, there are so many times harmless—in some cases verydiscussing somewhat critically the beyoung people. Most of us have heard dangerous—minority gets most of the

havior of several young members of the the statement, sometimes uttered in publicity. The hippies, the drug adcongregation who had just walked solemn and hushed tones, half in apventurers, the motorcycle brigade, the

noisily by. I had observed the inciprehension, half in resignation, that flower crowd, the politically unstable,

dent and had thought the young soon 50 percent of the population will the lawless get so much press attenpeople a bit exuberant, but not obbe under age 25. tion that there is an unquestionable

jectionably so. The ladies disagreed. The statistic is correct, the prospect effect on the style of life and the way

December 1967 65 Preserve the Inspiration of

of thinking of multitudes of youngsters The Improvement Era everywhere.

a of ones, the discontented Speaking In Beautifully Bound Volumes

I far recently writer has said: "So

The Mountain West's finest bindery and have seen or heard very little in the printing house is prepared to bind your way of constructive suggestions from collected Improvement Eras into fine them. What fruitful insights and

to offer us? I they have hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the programs

[as can't help they criticize wondering editions you wish bound to the Deseret their adult generation] if they ever

News Press. wonder what their children will have

for. fouling their thank For them 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance to dropping For chromosomes with LSD? all orders must payment accompany time out at a out and copping when

Please include postage if volumes are society was never in greater need of to be returned by mail. their participation? What are their

Add $1.00 if Binding is to be billed. credentials for billing themselves as

the takeover generation?"(Albert

Subject to Utah State tax where applicable.

Rosenfeld.)

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH We cannot afford to underestimate or ignore their influence.

But obstreperous and well publicized as they are, they constitute a small minority of the young generation.

The solid majority of our young people want to do well, are doing well, and intend to do well with the great challenges facing them.

Across the world I have found them threading their way resolutely through 1600 Empire Road the maze of a civilization often charSalt Lake City, Utah 84104 acterized by conflict and inconsistency, a civilization that could not exist except upon indispensable foundations in good homes, stable marriages, happy families, exemplary parents, yet increasingly beset by disrupted family c * vitamm life, contention, divorce, parents whoUse today or store away! Vitamins Multiple

set teach or discipline or do not a good

Safeguard your family's health... and Minerals example. The young are sensitive;

now and later with a plentiful supply of: MuitiPurpose Food they see the gap that exists between

our stated convictions and our conHIGH POTENCY VITAMIN C tablets (Ascorbic Acid) duct, and they are bewildered, somesupply adults with minimum daily requirement. Helps times embittered. They say that the

protect family during cold winter months. Big Savings! adult generation condemns a promisMULTIPLE VITAMINS AND MINERALS contain 14 vicuity it frequently practices, preaches

tamins and 6 minerals. Be sure each member of your peace and supports war, counsels the

family tal<es a tablet a day for an essential dietary food priority of the spiritual but in fact supplement. You'll save more at PermaPak. seeks first the material, talks of love

MULTIPURPOSE FOOD... ideal as a low calorie but acts in selfinterest, and generally

complete diet, food supplement, extender or fortifier. represents a hypocrisy that cannot be

Marvelous for storing, for mobile or outdoor living, for admired.

emergencies, for every day use. MPF is precooked. Add In all of this our generation must

dry to soups, juices, stew, meat dishes, breads, fruits and acknowledge some measure of guilt.

of food otherdozens items. Add boiling water to make the But people young can and do

delicious or cereal vegetable.

take also heart direction and the from a better at buy - then prices make PermaPakCompare unselfishness sacrifice they and observe civil defense,Church, leaders urge greater Telephone: government in the adult generation. see They (801) 4869671 feel store secure!personal preparedness. and Plan to

patience patriotism, goodand much orders. Pool single and group for prices onWrite

ness truth, and and and brothbeauty rates. trucking of low advantage to take othersorder with your 'ISimTSmimm!'Tm!SrMT!jrI3Ihm 13 |#| i|3Ju%| erly all love about them. They ofResidents California RIOIMEERS Southern PPIC3DUCTS contact: The IN PREPAREDNESS Wheat

Kernel, 7554 Katella Ave., Stanton, California 90680 appreciate the values of good homes

Phone 6351352, 8288421 40 E. 2430 S., Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 and parents who care. They love God

and their country. They want to live

wholesome and happy lives. Their

New Family Reading Game insights are sometimes remarkable. I

of heard one another, say about them FILM KODACOLOR GLEEKO like don't "His parents him. can He Develops Prinfed Exp. Processed 12 & Recognition Skill *Word*lnterest do anything wants."he ROLL WITH REPLACEMENT o OH *Comprehension FILM O.VU FRESH tell OF Let KODAK or about you three two me For School and Home

LIST PRICE WRITE FOR NEW, LOW $2.00 postpaid

2307, DEPT. E-6 BOX WESTERN Educational 2797 South Game Center, S''-T CITY, LAKE FILMPIIM ClURCLUB V/est, Bountiful, 450 Utah, 84010 jy 84100

66 Improvement Era of them whom I have recently met. country will be cultivated there."low the level of our understanding.

Over the jungles of Vietnam a few And Pericles said, "The young draw "We live in a universe of moral law.

months ago Brother Hinckley and I strength not from twicetold arguWe can choose evil and get what we sat buckled in bulkhead seats in what ments, but from the busy spectacle of want right now and then pay for it the flying men call the "Gooney Bird"our great city's life as we have it beafterward. Or we can choose good and

—the old C-47. Alongside me was a fore us day by day."pay for it first, before we get it."(Fos19-yearold corporal who was serving How can we help them? dick.) So it is with a life of honesty and

with distinction as a chaplain's asWe can be more consistent in our responsibility, of sexual purity, of sistant. He told me how he had lives. We can provide a better exintegrity, of selfless service. The blessbecome a member of The Church of ample. We can repent. We can obey ing is substantial and sweet and

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. the commandments of God. We can satisfying—worth everything, worth

"I didn't like my way of life or my teach them. working and waiting for.

associations or my prospects for the Do you remember the stirring stateWhen Paul spoke of charity out of future,"he said. "I knew I was missment of the Apostle Paul to his young the "pure heart,"I believe he was

ing something. So one day when I brother in the gospel, Timothy: talking about the sense of honest, unwas 16, I went into a grove of trees "... the end of the commandment selfish concern for others that is the

near my home in Colorado. I didn't [I suppose he meant the result of mark of moral and spiritual maturity.

know much about prayer or God. I obedience to the commandments] is To accept the responsibilities as well

had never heard of Joseph Smith. I charity out of a pure heart, and of a as the benefits of loving, loyal memjust stood there and looked up and good conscience, and of faith unbership in a family is a high challenge

said, 1:5.) 'God, to (1 Tim. ready a teenager all sides tempted for you, if you feigned."I am on by "

for is valid me.'are ready and personally other loyalties. The promise worldly peer and To

There was no voice, no vision, no relevant to all of us. Paul—he of truly care about others, to be constartling experience, just sweet peace great intellect and strong training and siderate and kind and responsible reand assurance in his heart. shattering experience; he who had flects true maturity. The rebel group

Within hours, through the help of persecuted, and then been turned we have mentioned is expressing the the Lord, as he testified to me, he was around, and who thereafter gave his selfishness of babyhood and the rebelin touch with people who introduced full measure to the better way—he liousness of early youth. In babies

him to the restored gospel of Jesus knew the really important values of and in children these are natural

Christ. His life since is a stirring life. His testimony to Timothy was expressions of stages of living, which,

youthful expression of faith and great that in good conscience, in wholesome, sublimated and disciplined as maturpromise. He was ready for God, and happy relationships with our families ity comes, become appropriate selfGod was ready for him. and fellowmen, and in the true faith concern and selfreliance. In a

In Hong Kong I asked a young Morthat grants us confidence in the presgeneration charged with major remon missionary how he was getting ence of God lie the real blessings of sponsibilities amid great complexities, along in his efforts to master the life. these characteristics are not worthy.

difficult Cantonese language. "Just Is good conscience important? It is Beyond the "give me"and the "let me

fine,"he said. And when I expressed a prize beyond expression! And conalone, don't tell me what to do"stages

mild surprise at his optimism and faith science is more than a local standard is that level of life which leads us to in the face of heavy obstacles, he told or the accumulation of the mores and say, "How can I help? What can I

me of the courage with which his partraditions of a community or a society do to be useful? Where am I needed?"

ents had met a deep personal tragedy. or a generation. Whatever else it is, It is on this level, we bear testimony,

"With an example like that,"he it is the voice of God speaking to us, that the real contribution and happisaid, "you wouldn't expect me to inspiring moral obligation. Washingness of life can be found.

whine or whimper about the blessing ton called it "that little spark of celes- I read recently of the development of learning this choice language and tial fire."It is true that we can of "breeder reactors,"which produce

teaching the gospel to this wonderful desensitize our conscience, as it were. vast amounts of energy from a given

people, would you. Brother Hanks?"In the Book of Mormon we read of a amount of fuel and "breed"or produce

A high school student leader was group to whom God had spoken "in more fuel than they use while they called on to speak extemporaneously in a still small voice, but ye were past are doing it. Life is meant to be like

a church meeting. He responded with feeling."(1 Ne. 17:45.) It is also said that. We are meant to appreciate and

good feeling and good sense. He spoke that there are those who have become use the good things of our inheritance

briefly about the conflict in which our "dead as to things pertaining unto and to leave a greater store behind us.

country is engaged; then with a tear in righteousness."As we can desensitize With good conscience and a genuine

his eye, he electrified and moved us a conscience, so to speak, so we can concern for others, we need faith in emotionally when he said, right off the prepare ourselves better to hear the Almighty God. Jesus told the lawyer

top of his heart, "If there has to be voice of the Lord by stripping off what that the first and great commandment trouble, thank God it can be in my the poet called the layers of "muddy is to "love the Lord thy God with all time. I don't want my little brother vesture and decay,"by ceasing to sin thy heart, and with all thy soul, and

or the son I hope someday to have to and learning to obey. There is the with all thy mind....

have to fight a war on these or other privilege of learning true values and "And the second is like unto it,"shores. If there has to be trouble, living to them. he said. "Thou shalt lovethy neighthank God it can be in my time."Abraham Lincoln is credited with a bour as thyself."(Matt. 22:37, 39.) All

Well, what can we expect from the simple summation of conscience and other commandments depend upon younger generation? Everything good, the way to live with joy: "When I do this.

creative, decent, uplifting, I feel wholesome, good good, and In when I don't a generation represented by them,if we help feel they I don't do good and if somehow good."youth who refuse to whine and whimcome to a knowledge of what makes one can be truly in happy No the face who has per of great difficulties, who

for happiness, joy. makes for a conscience, bad and bad conscience can thank for trouble in their God

Plato said, "What is honored in a is the inevitable result of conduct betime if it has to come, there is great

December 1967 67 and glorious promise. But I believe discern between good and bad, and this cup pass from me: nevertheless not

the summation of the best in them, or he was so blessed. Only when he as I will, but as thou wilt."(Matt.

in any of us, is in that attitude which ceased to listen to the Lord and be26:39.)

motivated one of their number to say, came a law unto himself did he lose He was saying, as one of his humble "God, I am ready for you, if you are his gift and his place. young disciples said in a grove of trees

ready for me."On the other hand, young Samuel in Colorado a little time ago, "God, I

Have you said that, in your own learned and remembered all his life to am ready for you, if you are ready for way, and really meant it? say, "Speak, Lord; for thy servant me."

The problems of our day are very heareth,"and became a great power To the younger generation, our adgreat. Many of the voices we have for good and a chosen instrument in monition and loving invitation is that

traditionally been able to count on are the hands of the Lord. (1 Sam. 3:9.) you accept the responsibilities of your

silent or confused. In the world of Young Joseph, sold into Egypt as a great promise. Continue to prepare

theology and religion there is uncerslave, remembered who he was and for the duties of the day and the tainty and controversy. Faith seems to what he had been taught, even in the morrow. Get the help of the Lord.

wane, spirits to sag. We worry about terrible temptations of Potiphar's Appreciate your heritage. See the great

what men say. Perhaps it is time to household, and lived to serve and save goodness around you. Forgive us our

cease to worry so much about what his people. trespasses and improve upon our permen say and ask ourselves, "What has A humble young Joshua presented formance. Respect our earnest efforts

God said?"More important than what himself to the Lord pleading for help, to protect and perpetuate the good

our neighbors are doing, or what the and the Lord said to him. "... as I things of life for you. Have a decent

rest are doing, is what has God done. was with Moses, so I will be with respect for generations yet unborn.

Long ago there was a young man thee: I will not fail thee, nor forsake Know that your decisions will materiwho, though "little in (his) own eyes,"thee. ally affect the opportunities open to

was chosen king of all Israel. The "... Be strong and of a good courthem. Build more strongly than we

humble Saul was ready for God; and age; be not afraid, neither be thou dishave the foundations for a decent fuwhen the prophet of God had anointed mayed: for the Lord thy God is with ture for all mankind. Keep the

him, he "turned into another man."thee whithersoever thou goest."(Josh. idealisms of the fathers of your freedom

The Spirit of the Lord came upon him. 1:5, 9.) and the fathers of your faith. Accept

"God gave him another heart."While God has spoken and still speaks, and the implications of your freedom; make

he listened to the Lord and his the message is clear. the difficult choices when they are

prophets, he led with great strength. Beyond these, and above them all, right, and act on them, even if you

When he became willful and stubborn is the scriptural account of a choice must stand alone.

and rebellious, he ceased to be useful Son of God knowing the need for a Through search and service and and he lost his place. "For rebellion messenger from God to man, on a misreverence, through a life of personal

is as the sin of witchcraft, and stubsion requiring great faith and courage cleanliness and consideration and carbornness is as iniquity and idolatry."and sacrifice, who said to his Heavenly ing, through faith and trust in God

(See 1 Sam. 10, 15.) Father: "Send me."you can be ready for him. Tell him

A young man named Solomon loved He delivered his message, completed you are, and he will surely give you the Lord and earnestly said to him, his mission, gave his life. In his mothe strength and courage and quality

"... I am but a little child: I know ment of great agony and torment beto live with contribution and meaning

not how to go out or come in."(1 fore Calvary, he laid his life on the and with great personal satisfaction in

Kings 3:7.) He asked God for an altar and said, as we have learned: this, his world.

understanding heart that he might "O my Father, if it be possible, let God bless us in Jesus'name. Amen, o

L,. The Tabernacle: A Century OldEVANS, Elder Richard T

of the Council of the Twelve

President McKay and my beloved nonchurch friends would call them); at least 150,000.)

built Basically the was Tabernacle City had a popuSalt Lake here, and when brothers and who are sisters—you in some although months, 10,000. lation not many of about friends dearly beloved and you, my

of it were started as early as worldwide—we would want you to We read from the Deseret News phases

know that you whom we do not see report of the first Tabernacle confer1863 and some phases were pursued are cherished, remembered, and apence session of a century ago, October for some considerable time following preciated. 1867: 1867.

Reference has been made by Presi- "An hour before the appointed time I have read much of the men whose dent Brown and President Tanner to for conference commencing, the imnames are mentioned most in bringing the centennial of the Tabernacle, mense building was crowded in every it about: Brigham Young; Henry

which was first used a hundred years part, great numbers being unable to Grow, the bridge builder, whose name ago for the general conference of the obtain admission...."seems most associated with the basic

Church, in October 1867. It is most "Altogether, the Tabernacle was design; William H. Folsom, Church

remarkable to note that it was built full,"said the minutes of the meeting, architect at the time; Truman O.

by an isolated people in the days of and "no building could be constructed Angell, who undoubtedly was largely their poverty, at a time when the large enough to hold the Saints. "entrusted with the interior; Joseph

membership of the Church was fewer (I suppose if we were to build a buildRidges, the first builder of the organ.

perhaps than 100,000; when there were ing today proportionate to our size as Their words are great and human, inonly four stakes (or diocese, as our they did, it would perhaps have to seat spired and ordinary. History happens

68 Improvement Era like that. It is occasional highlights without injury to any of the workmen. every great hall in the world,"said

in the intermixture of heroic accomThe single accident which occurred Mr. Ormandy, "but we have found no

plishment and the routine and drudgduring the erection of the building better hall anywhere than the Taberery of daily duty. I wish there were resulted from carelessness, and was not nacle. Its acoustics are superb, and I

time to share their words at some fatal...."5 only hope that no human hands will

length. But there is never that much "Prayer was offered by President alter them in trying to make improvetime for the past; the present is always Young [at that first Tabernacle sesments. It is as near perfect now as any

so compelling. But some of their sion in October 1867], in which he hall can be, and it is a joy to perform

words we would share. expressed to the Most High the gratein it... no

Said Brigham Young in May of ful feelings of the Saints for the favors Many presidents of the United 1867, only four or five months before which He had multiplied upon them, States of the past century have spoken the building was to be ready for use: enabling them to have finished thus here. Many of the great artists and

"... We want the Tabernacle finished, far an edifice in which they could orchestras of the century have perand when a man is asked to go and assemble and worship Him their formed here. Many significant meswork on it, do not begin to make a Creator in the name of His Son Jesus sages have been heard here. And on

wry face, and say, 'I have got so much Christ, imploring the aid of the Holy this coming December 17, 1967, the work to do.'When you carpenters Spirit to teach them how to pray and two thousandth performance of "Music

are asked to go and help to finish it, what to ask for acceptably in His and the Spoken Word,"with the Tabso that we can hold our October Consight.... ernacle Choir and organ, the oldest

ference in it, do not say 'I have so "Monday morning, October 7: Presicontinuously presented nationwide netmany jobs on hand'... wherever they dent Young said he had no idea when work broadcast in American radio

will pay you sixpence more...."Conference would terminate, but... history, is scheduled to be presented

Friday, June 14, 1867, Truman O. he would ask... [the brethren] for from here—which broadcast is now in,

Angell wrote in his diary: "... Brigshort sermons"*—a request that some its 39th year, and heard ever more

ham Young took me in his carriage,.. echo even in these days. widely over the world.

and we went together into the new "Built a century ago,"recently wrote There were perhaps not then in all

Tabernacle.... Professor Carl W. Condit of NorthAmerica, in 1867, a handful of audi-

"Tuesday, June 18th... There are western University, the Tabernacle "is toriums of such size. And as we have

some difficulties not over come.... the largest work of timber roof framing performed in the great capitals and

"Friday 21st.... There is much to surviving, and the only one in which concert halls of Europe and America,

do... lattice trusses were built as arch ribs. we are ever more grateful and humbled

"Monday [July] 22nd.... I now Despite its mammoth size, the strucand ever more amazed at what our

have located a good place for the ture was built completely by hand in pioneer forebears did with what they

it isolated centers area of buildfrom not long sincechorister, very he likes homeless, and much. an

... activity lines. railroad ing facing and... had—peopleat times hungry; untold hazards; modest man.He is a very

"Thursday [August] 15th. Had a "The celebrated acoustical propersome six thousand of them died along

busy time of it today. The President ties of the Tabernacle,"Professor the way before the railroad came; no

came here today and made many reCondit continues, "are a result of both rescue by helicopter, no drugstores, no quests. He made up his mind to have shape and material. The concave hospitals, no doctors, for the most part;

a change on the plan of the seats... I ellipsoidal surfaces above the organ death and birth; illness, accident,

like the change.... [He was wise to and choir blend and hold instrumental anxiety; and yet they traveled the world

like it. Brigham Young was a very and vocal sounds, projecting the resharing the gospel message, and built

resolute man.] flected waves cleanly throughout the homes, schools, theaters in the desert,

"Friday 23rd. This morning I feel auditorium. The possibility of annoyplaces of worship, temples, the Tabercast down. I think it is not important ing echoes is further reduced owing to nacle. They demonstrated their willfor me to stay here when so many sound absorbency of the cattle hair ingness to work, not only for physical

smart men are on hand.... Surely embedded in the plaster....'"necessities, but for ideals and culture

they do not need me. So I pass it off Frank Lloyd Wright said on a visit and family and freedom. And along

till I am more reconciled. I feel to Salt Lake City that "the Salt Lake with implements and utensils, they

crushed. This morning I had so many Tabernacle on Temple Square is 'one brought with them books and musical

masterpieces of of the architectural the instruments,obstacles in I felt like witheven pianos, way, by ox cart my "the world.'as country and perhaps across the plains, the appointmentdrawing from as circumstances

architect. But President Young viewed Adelina Patti, worldrenowned artist made possible. This was not a cowboy

the subject otherways and a few words of her triumphal time, said: "Never culture, but the gathering of talented

from him made me reconciled. Thank have I encountered such perfect and dedicated and resourceful people

the Lord."4 resonance as here in the Tabernacle. from many places of the earth to the

Five days before the opening of the Why, my voice is twice as large here. mountains and the valleys, and spreadTabernacle, Truman O. Angell's son It carries further and with ever so much ing out from here to establish a hundied, but on October 4th, two days more tone than in any hall that I have dred or more settlements not only in

before the opening, Truman Angell ever sung in."the intermountain area, but in other

wrote: "Be assured then, the house is The Tabernacle Choir recently apareas, including California and the

ready for use...."(History is indeed peared twice again in concert with the West Coast, with many disappointat times heartbreakingly human.) Philadelphia Orchestra, in the choir's ments, many setbacks, but with solid

The largest number of men emmost successful Tabernacle Centennialfoundations.

ployed on the building at any one Expo '67 concert tour, which reminded Well, the Tabernacle was many time was said to be 205, in addition us again of some significant things years before its time, but it is still one to some seventy plasterers mentioned pertaining to the Tabernacle from of the wonders of the world, archias working at one time. Eugene Ormandy: "We have, as you tecturally, artistically, acoustically,

"The scaffolding was taken down... probably know, performed in almost spiritually, and an evidence of the

December 1967 69 IDS FILMS

faith and foresight of our fathers. God Or like the snow falls in the river,

bless them and their memories. A moment white—then melts forBut I didn't want to talk today only ever."i2

about a building. I want to say someThis is not a time for letting down.

thing of the principles of the people It is a time for learning and knowing, who built the building, the convictions for doing and developing, for increasthat caused them to give up homes and ing competence and quality.

all physical possessions for freedom, The glory of God is intelligence.

for the truth as they testified of it, and Righteousness does exalt a nation. Life

at times to lay down their lives—is everlasting. And "what we are to

people who sang in their homeless, be, we are becoming."Life here is

hardpressed sorrow: "All is well! all so short and eternity is so endlessly

is well! And should we die before our long. And to young and old, to the

journey's through,... all is well."eager and impatient, to the weary or

A people who knew that God lives; any who feel lost along the way: Keep

that education is essential; that the faith. Keep serving, working, imrepenting, honesty, health and proving, chastity and conquering, overintegrityNOW AVAILABLE FROM cleanliness, coming, solvency, and Take courage and comfort

CHICAGO and work,tial to service,happiness;and thatsacrificelife isarelimitless,esseninplantheandassurancepurpose. thatIt isthereneveris toodivinelate

keeping clean, keeping virtuous, has given us no requirements, keepGod no SAN FRANCISCO that the family is forever, and that by to begin to do what we ought to do.

that there is peace ing the commandments, commandments, we cannot keep.

FILM CENTERS and purpose, comfort and a quiet I would plead with my generation conscience, and love and respect and and the generations of my children and happiness at home. children's children to be true to the

Write for free brochure Such were their beliefs—and such faith, to the commandments of God.

are ours also. They are still effective and in force.

Educational Media Services Now, where from here?—in such an Don't try to ignore them or explain

Herald R. Clark Building age as ours, an age where all are them away or set them aside. There

Brigham Young University searching, some with inspired and inare still laws and standards and qualiProvo. Utah 84601 spiring achievement, and some in ties of character upon which all

appalling aberration and lack of blessings are predicated, and as we

Deseret Book Company respect for life. live the principles we shall realize the

Film Department To the young we would say, indeed results in peace and selfrespect and 44 East South Temple to all: There are no shortcuts to salvathe blessed assurance of everlasting

Salt Lake City, Utah, 84 M I tion, or excellence, or exaltation—nor life with loved ones.

to peace and selfrespect. Whoever May I leave with you my witness

BYU Chicago Film Center youlife. are,It iswhereverall you youhave.are: Study,Don't learn,waste histhat ownGod image,lives, thatthathehedidwishesmake usus into

c/o Ideal Pictures prepare, respect your privileges; respect succeed, that he sent his divine Son

417 North State Street and keep the law; respect yourselves. to show us the way and to redeem us

Chicago. Illinois 606 1 "Cease to be idle; cease to be unfrom death; that the gospel is with us

BYU Bay Area Film Center clean.commandments;..."(D&Clive 88:124.)and workKeepto qualthe withhere; alland thatthat isit requiredhas been ofrestored,us to

c/o Ideal Pictures ify and accomplish and to be comrealize our highest happiness here and 460 Clement Street fortable with conscience. Don't be hereafter.

San Francisco, Calif. 94 1 1 misled by those who are confused and "To be what we are,"said Robert

cluttered and dissipated in their lives, Louis Stevenson, "and to become what

BYU Eastern Film Center those who give way to irresponsibility we are capable of becoming, is the c/o Ideal Pictures and lowminded morals. Most earnestonly end of life."

34 MacQuesten Parkway So. ly one could wish that there would God give us the wisdom and courMount Vernon, New York 10550 not be given so much play and pubage so to live, I pray in the name of

licity to the comparatively few (but Jesus Christ, our Savior. Amen. o

BYU Los Angeles Film Center much too many) who receive too c/o Smith & Hoist Film Library much attention in entertainment and FOOTNOTES 222 l South Olive Street otherwise, as President Hanks referred Weseret News, October 9, 1897.

conference of of the 37th semiannual Minutes their eccentric in sometimes and Los Angeles, California 90007 to,

Church. sordid ways. we so much the Why should 1867. Deseret 29, News, May

BYU Ricks Film Center emphasize the unwholesome? 'Truman O. Angell, unpublished personal journal.

160 North Holmes Street And for those who may need reSaltmid., LakeOctoberTelegraph,8, 1867. October 6, 1867.

''Carl Progressive Architecture, Condit, Novem- W. of the irrevocable of cause law Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401 minder

15861. ber pp. these words and consequence, we recall S,alt Tribune, April 27, 1954. 1966,Lake

Southwestern BYU Young, "Levi Edgar Great Taber- "The Mormon to Film Center of Robert whose Bums, memory

Its we nacle (Salt and World Organ"Lake Famed c/o Arizona Car Stereo respects recently paid a visit our with City: Bureau of Information, p. 23. 1917), LDS

letter iEugene Ormandy, North 660 Country his Club Drive to birthplace:

Saints,"Ye Come, "Come, to HymnsIsaac M.13. Stewart. Mesa, Arizona 85201 pleasures are like poppies spread. "But i2Robert Burns, O'Shanter.""Tarn

L. See also Stewart of Historical Grow, Study "A You seize the flower, its bloom is the of Construction the Salt Lake Tabernacle (MasFilm Canadian Centre BYU shed; ter's Thesis, Brigham University). Young

9th Street 506 1 South Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada

70 Improvement Era The American Travail E. Elder Mark PETERSEN

of the Council of the Twelve

America is in travail. It is true that most people are good present unfortunate plight. Only a

Never since the Civil War have law people, and for this we are thankful. return to Christ can correct our condiand order been so gravely challenged But it is also true that the evil inflution. Politics cannot do it. Higher

in this great land. ences all about us are taking a toll taxes will not do it. New laws cannot

And the challenge is manysided. beyond anything we can afford. Our do it. We have tried all these and

The majority of Americans, who are best homes are being invaded by evil they have failed.

lawabiding and who desire to live in influences. Every family is threatened. We have tried every other manpeace and harmony with their neighWe have reached a point where made device, with only a worsening

bors, have been shocked and dismayed decency at last must make a stand of the condition. It is time now to try

by the rioting, the anarchy, the arson, against indecency and corruption. We God's way.

and the pillaging in our cities and can no longer permit avaricious pedThe irreligious need not scoff at smaller communities. dlers of filth to corrupt our loved ones, such a suggestion. Which among

Life and limb among the innocent nor allow gangs to make our peaceful them can show how their godless have been imperiled. The protection neighborhoods unsafe. philosophy has offered any remedy for

of property has been disregarded. Even Our cities and towns, our rural areas our situation? What have they gained

sacred things have been desecrated. and our villages should never become by turning their backs upon Christ?

This condition has nearly reached the battlefields, nor our streets unsafe for Rejection of Godlike principles has point of insurrection, and its causes pedestrians traversing them after dark. caused us to reap the whirlwind in

still persist. We can no longer stand by as riots, criminality, drunkenness, immoAs we have been told repeatedly by criminals carry on their nefarious work. rality, broken homes, and a rebellious

agencies, lawlessness in longer the deliberate permit can noenforcement We generation. new

of of of kind weakening of crime every the the law, almostthe arm form irreligious to the Since nothing have is rate. at originally to unbelievable prointended growing which an was offer, to challenge study them and we

is tect innocent.Irresponsibility multiplying the under longer no must We principles. true Christian apply We integrity. protect coddle the character of predators erosion and andan who in to busiand appeal government men

political vitality of sap the in adminconfidence our Public democracy. We strength alike to to discover ness the

for longer repeatedistration can stand the corroding shaken has no by been Christ in of gospel the found be and office. infiltration filthiness in of of into malfeasanceexamples our homes And

its their in principles sacred to apply in stability administration,yet, communities. and without

people. relationships other with

itself to "insecure Almighty gave freedom becomes Thegovernment poor, the the hungry, urge even We is to the citizenry based obedience of the wellbeing America uponand to in pray believe Christ to and God is land, the Christ. of Jesusthreatened. God who

others hearts soften of to the and is will as of continue freedom evidence only our another Our Immorality our backsliding, as is drunkenness; and righteousness survives. thereby obtain the help they need,

the diseases that accompany immoOur righteousness can exist only as rather than to resort to violence.

that should All remember mankind all righteousness, of the source obeyrality proporin epidemic appear we now viobegets hate, violence begets hate Christ. is Jesus feedstions. who immorality This upon

love lence, understanding and and that force corrupting Every America films, in the printed now onpornographypage, even in advertising material that is a form of antiChrist. Criminality is—cooperation and brotherhood—will

goes through our postal system, in vioanti-Christ. Immorality is antiChrist. reproduce themselves in the hearts of

lation of the law. Women's styles apDrunkenness is antiChrist. Rioting, others when given willingly and

proach the obscene. pillaging, and anarchy likewise are sincerely.

People are losing respect both for antiChrist. Robbery, assault, and We appeal to all mankind to practhe laws and for those who make and murder are all antiChrist. Deception, tice the Golden Rule and to honestly

attempt to enforce them. It has beduplicity, perjury, and covetousness are and sincerely do to others as they

come popular to be a violator. Some antiChrist. would be done by.

courts of justice seem to have forThe distribution of pornographic We plead with everyone to love his gotten the purpose of their own material that corrupts the morals of neighbor as himself and to reconcile existence. young and old alike is antiChrist. all differences by an application of

Christ. teachings of the destructive so is every other force And of All more—comthese forces—and Christianity works when it is principles high of the that have made to of our threaten the solidaritybine

homes and families, which always America great. applied. It is the one and only soluills.must be the basic units of society. I ask you—how Christian is Amertion to our personal and national

These forces promote infidelity. ica? Christ is the Prince of Peace. By

They nurture discord between husband How deep is your own Christian truly serving him, every wrong can be and wife. They become a source of faith? adjusted. Bitterness and hatred can

conflict betweerl parents and children. Would you fight for it? fade away. Wars can end. There

They encourage immorality in the risDo you believe enough in Christian would be no further cause for riots.

ing generation. teachings to take a stand for cleanliLooting would be a thing of the

Sorne parents set an example of ness and high morals—for honesty and past. Communism would pass away.

serious delinquency to their own offintegrity? Neighbors truly would respect each

spring, and excuse—if not encourage The abandonment of Christian prinother and enjoy a friendly existence.

their repeated delinquencies. ciples has brought this nation to its Delinquency would end. There would

December 1967 71 Artist's conception of Isaiah recording the revelation of the

i*t

Isaiah

9:6-7. is born, unto usFor unto us a child a son is given: and the governnnent

shall be upon his shoulder: and his

nanne shall be called Wonderful,

Counseller, The mighty God, The everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace.

Of the increase of his government and peace there shall be no end, upon the throne of David, and upon his kingdom, to order it, and to establish it with judgment and with justice from henceforth even for ever....

birth of the Savior. Isaiah 7:14; 9:6-7. Painted by Harry Anderson

be no more drunkenness nor the ills will be washed away; and man to man mental values of the church, and

that follow it. Gangs would disapwill brothers be, and peace will come through the church seek a closer repear. Character would be strong to every heart. 'lationship with the divine, social jusagain. Cleanliness would prevail The founding fathers of our country tice cannot be achieved, political

over filth. We could have a virtual understood this fact and warned that leadership will not accomplish its deheaven on earth. our nation never can survive if, in the sired purpose, and economic leaderDo you believe Christ can do all words of Washington, it "disregards ship will fail in its effort to establish

this for you? If you do not so believe, the rules of order and right which a full measure of prosperity.

are you sure you are a Christian? heaven itself has ordained.""The application of the principles

Christianity is not something to be One of our greatest statesmen, Daniel enunciated by the church is necessary used as a mere intellectual exercise. It Webster, echoed this thought in 1852 to the perpetuity of our republic,"

is a way of life, and if applied it will as he addressed the New York Hisconcluded Mr. Head. solve all of our problems. torical Society and said: Oh, America—wake up to the peril

Are you doubtful about the power of "If we and our posterity shall be that confronts you. Arouse yourself

Christ, or do you wonder if he really true to the Christian religion from this delirium in which you find lives? We testify to you that he does "If we and they shall live always yourself. Realize that this Christian

live. And how do we know? We in the fear of God and shall respect nation can never survive on the prinLatter-day Saints know that Christ his commandments ciples of antiChrist.

lives because our modern prophets "If we and they shall maintain just As Lincoln said, we can live on only have seen him and have come to know moral sentiments and such conscienif we humble ourselves before the him personally. tious convictions of duty as shall conoffended powers of heaven, "confess

day—hereJesus Christin thehas UnitedappearedStatesin ourof trol"Wethe mayhearthaveand thelife highest hopes of ourand forgiveness,"national sins,andpraystopforgivingclemencymere America—and has appointed a modern the future fortunes of our country, lip service to the Almighty.

ministry. He has revealed that our and we may be sure of one thing: Our And then, blessed with victory and

American form of government was country will go on prospering. peace, this heavenrescued land can

given by inspiration, that he raised up "But—if we and our posterity reject justly

the founding fathers of our country religious instruction and authority, vio- "Praise the Power that hath made and by divine power set our ship of late the rules of eternal justice, trifle And preserved us a nation!...

state upon its way. And he has said with the injunctions of morality, and Then conquer we must,

that if we will but obey him, he will recklessly destroy the political conWhen our cause it is just preserve both us and our liberty. stitution which holds us together, no And this be our motto;

He can and will bring peace to one can tell how sudden a catastrophe 'In God is our trust!'

America if we will return to him. may overwhelm us, that shall bury all And the starspangled banner

But no mere lip service will do. He our glory in profound obscurity."In triumph shall wave

requires the hearts of men. If America A former president of the American O'er the land of the free

now will turn to him in humble Bankers Association, Walter W. Head, And the home of the brave."

obedience, the light of heaven will once said: (Francis Scott Key, "The Starshine again upon our land; our stains "Unless we recognize the fundaSpangled Banner.") O

Saturday Afternoon Session, September 30, 1967

True Vision and Knowledge Elder, Yb 1 APLb Deibert L. Required for Exaltation the of the Council of Twelve

I take my text from a conference larly, that everything can be explained and eternal life, through the great statement by President Joseph Fielding on the basis of conditioned reflexes. mediation of all men, or to choose

Smith. He declared: "The chief busiThey say that by removing our inhibicaptivity and death, according to

ness of our lives is to build a house tions and reverting to an animal the captivity and power of the devil;

that will bear the weight of eternal existence, everything will turn out all for he seeketh that all men might be life."right, which philosophy, of course, is miserable like unto himself."(2 Ne.

You will note that this statement is false. Of such writers, Robert South 2:11,27.)

profound with its important content observed: "He who has published an The Savior taught: "That which

and challenge. It suggests we are the injurious book sins in his very grave, Cometh out of the man, that defileth

architects and builders of our own fate. corrupts others while he is rotting the man.

Our Godgiven free agency will permit himself.""For from within, out of the heart

us to choose the pattern we wish to We must be careful not to succumb of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulfollow; hopefully the gospel will to the insidious forces of evil, for they teries, fornication, murders,

furnish the blueprint for the eternal will divert us from the path which "Thefts, covetousness, wickedness, house we are now building. leads to immortal glory. deceit, lasciviousness, an evil eye,

Also involved in this statement is a Lehi said to his son Jacob: blasphemy, pride, foolishness:

challenge to obtain knowledge of God's "... it must needs be that there is "All these evil things come from

plan for our whole existence, both now an opposition in all things.... within, and defile the man."(Mark

and eternally. There are opposing "Wherefore, men are free according 7:2023.)

evil forces who would tempt us to forto the flesh; and all things are given The apostle Paul, writing to the

sake the teachings of our God and them which are expedient unto man. Romans about the sins of the flesh,

encourage adults, and youth particuAnd they are free to choose liberty admonished:

74 Improvement Era "Let not sin therefore reign in your to his flesh shall of the flesh reap corabout by the angels of him who seeks mortal body, that ye should obey it in ruption; but he that soweth to the to destroy our souls; but thanks to the

the lusts thereof. spirit shall of the spirit reap life everLord, the days of probation are still

"Neither yield ye your members as lasting.'He whose every act has fitted with us. However, we cannot afford

instruments of unrighteousness unto him for the enjoyment of eternity will to procrastinate the day of our salvasin: but yield yourself unto God,... be far in advance of the man whose tion. We should be anxiously engaged

and your members as instruments of all has been centered on the things of in building a house that will support righteousness unto God."(Rom. 6:12this life."(Millennial Star, Vol. 66, and delight us in the eternal life to

13.) March 31, 1904, p. 201.) come.

By comprehending what to avoid, we It is worth all the effort we can If we nurture the finer qualities of will understand that which we must muster to obtain the highest degree of the Spirit that come from the presence do. Our first step is to make certain glory—a promise given only to the of God, the Spirit will gain ascendency

that our thoughts are clean and pure. faithful. We are not without divine over the carnal body and subject the

Then we can give attention to our teachings as to how this glorified state flesh to its will.

bodies, since they house a spirit child can be attained. There is much conquering of self

of God both here in mortality and in The Savior gave this counsel: and overcoming of bad habits before

eternity. The spirit of man should "Lay not up for yourselves treasures the soul of man can be sanctified by

have ascendency and control over upon earth, where moth and rust doth the Holy Spirit. We should determine

the physical body, for the spirit is the corrupt, and where thieves break now the kind of body or house we want power that quickens and animates through and steal: our resurrected being to occupy

the body and gives it life and in- "But lay up for yourselves treasures throughout the eternities of time. Shall

telligence. in heaven,... it be clean and pure, worthy to receive

We have the challenge; we ought "For where your treasure is, there glory in the eternal mansions of our

now to concentrate on developing and will your heart be also."(Matt. 6:19God, or shall it be one that cannot

improving our present physical house, 21.) abide that glory and thus will be aswhich tabernacles a spirit child of Treasures earned here are credited to signed to a kingdom of lesser glory or

God, and prepare it for eternal glory. our account in eternity and, if suffito a place without kingdom or glory?

As his earthly mission neared its cient, will build for us a house that The choice is ours to make. The

close, Jesus revealed this knowledge to will bear the weight of eternal life. Lord has said, "For the power is in

his disciples: Alma informs us that this life bethem, wherein they are agents unto

"In my Father's house are many comes a probationary state, a time for themselves. And inasmuch as men do

mansions: if it were not so, I would men to prepare to meet God. (See Al. good they shall in no wise lose their

have told you. I go to prepare a place 12:24.) reward."(D&C 58:28.)

for you.... that where I am, there ye President David O. McKay has Now I call your attention to one of

may be also."(John 14:2-3.) added this wise counsel: the greatest visions ever granted to

In his infinite wisdom and concern "Let us make God the center of our any prophet of God respecting the for all mankind, Jesus opened a vision lives. That was one of the first adfuture status of this earth's inhabitants.

wherein we get a glimpse of the heavmonitions given when the gospel was This revelation describes the three deenly house and its mansions being first preached to man. To have comgrees of glory and is without doubt one

prepared for us to inhabit. Each one munion with God, through his Holy of the most profound revelations given

of us is inexorably building an eternal Spirit, is one of the noblest aspirations in any dispensation. It encompasses

home, the mansion we will occupy in of life. It is when the peace and love the knowledge, -wisdom, and light that

our future everlasting life. of God have entered the soul, when our Heavenly Father feels is expedient

Brigham Young said: serving him becomes the motivating for us to have in relation to the here-

"Prepare to die, is not the exhortafactor in one's life and existence.... after and the future destiny of his

tion in this Church and Kingdom; but "When God becomes the center of children.

prepare to live is the word with us, our being, we become conscious of a Perhaps no other scripture furnishes and improve all we can [for the] life new aim in life—spiritual attainment. us with such direct knowledge on this

hereafter, wherein we may enjoy a Physical possessions are no longer the subject as does this wonderful revealing more exalted condition of intelligence, chief goal in life. To indulge, nourvision. I direct your attention to the

wisdom, light, knowledge, power, glory, ish, and delight the body as any animal essentials in each of these degrees: the

and exaltation. Then let us seek to may do is no longer the chief end of celestial, the terrestrial, and the telesextend the present life to the uttermost, mortal existence."(The Improvement tial. To further support this latterday

by observing every law of health,... Era, June 1967, pp. 109110.) vision, I quote the apostle Paul, who

and thus prepare for a better life."In these latter days we are surlikened the highest degree of glory unto

(Discourses of Brigham Young, p. 186.) rounded by demons. We can identify the sun, which is the most radiant of

Also, the words of President Heber some of these demons; they are those all God's planets; the second is likened

J. Grant: who promulgate the uses of deleterious unto the moon, which is a much lesser

"Upon our lives here is predicated items that are not good for the body light than the sun; and the other is

the degree of perfection in which we all the habitforming drugs that are likened unto the stars; and as one star

shall rise.... A man will not awake foisted upon us by seductive advertisdiffers from another star in glory so

on resurrection morning to find ing and designing persons who would also is the resurrection of the dead.

that all that he neglected to do in lead us down the paths of sin to degra- (See 1 Cor. 15:4042.)

mortal life has been put to the credit dation and destruction, or, in the An understanding of this revelation side of his account and that the debit vernacular, "on trips"through LSD, enables one living in mortality to exside of his ledger shows a clean page. heroin, marijuana, morphine, and amine himself and his mode of life and

That is not the teaching of the other habitforming and harmful drugs to personally determine whether it gospel. detrimerftal to the maintenance of a fully satisfies his need. He can change

"'Whatsoever a man soweth, that healthy body in which to house our his life if additional time is spared shall he also reap. For he that soweth eternal spirit. We are thus encircled him and set his sights on a higher

December 1967 75 THE GIFT OF SUCCESS AND LEADERSHIP!

Bookcraft is proud to recommend nine bool(s by a great cliurchman, civic leader and business executive, STERLING W. SILL

An authority on leadership, personal motivation, and salesmanship, this dynamic public demand for his works. Now you can choose from all nme - each vastly differ'ent,

speaker is also a prolific writer and radio and television personality. His weekly meseach one vital, inspiring, rewarding, and packed full of the philosophy which has mafle

sages are read on nearly 400 stations. Nine books have been written to meet the Sterling W. Sill successful as a church, civic and business leader.

1. The Quest for Excellence 6. The Upward Reach 8. The Way of Success

New and fascinating collection of articles and essays A collection of the author's radio messages covering a An outstanding book which points the way to success

for its readers. of for personal perfection techniques subjects. variety inspiring large with rich and happiness c $3.50 gQ

and achievement.

It J3 75 7. Profit? Doth What

9. of the Sun The Glory 2. the Harvest The Law of spirit of the human emotions the captures This work

rich the author's most popular and full of volume A finest literary achievement, Elder Sills opportunities, as Acclaimed on problems, attention focuses and illustradramatic understand messages, and easy to talks. a profound provoking 52 thought comtains of making capable ttiis volume people and methods

$3.50 impact. J3 50 tions, and motivating thoughts. $3.50

3. Leadership, Vol. 1 $3.75 BOOKCRAFT use south Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

4. Leadership, Vol. II $3.75 Enclosed Is my check or money order in the amount of $ BOOKCRAFT

Please send the followlne circled books:,

Packed with brilliant, practical, proven methods for increasing leadership ability. Best selling companion 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9

volumes. (Residents of Utah please add iA sales tax)

5. The Miracle of Personality NAME

This master storyteller reveals how famous people ADDRESS instructs how successful, and clearly have become you CITY your to develop own their success from can learn personality....|. STATE ZIP.

76 Improvement Era goal. This knowledge enables him will not receive the Lord's fullness oi: insight, ior as is recorded in Proverbs,

to see more understandingly the purthe eternal world, but of the Holy Spirit "Where there is no vision, the people pose of life here and now, and makes through the ministration of the terperish."(Prov. 29:18.)

perfectly clear that the nature and restrial, and the terrestrial through the This means that without the type of quality of the life he pursues in this ministration of the celestial. (See D&C vision given to our prophets, people in

existence will determine his destiny in 76:8187.) general will lack the information

the eternities to come. Such are the degrees of glory in necessary to discover divine truth. It

From this vision of the three degrees Christ's many mansions. They proalso has a personal application, for

of glory given to the Prophet Joseph vide the knowledge necessary to underany man lacking vision or insight into

Smith and Sidney Rigdon, we learn the stand the goals toward which we are truth is slow to progress in spiritual various punishments and rewards to strive in order to enjoy the blessings things.

meted out to all persons according to of our God in whatever kingdom we One with active vision will seek their worthiness. may merit, be it great or small. We understanding of God's commandThe conditions for entering the cannot inherit a higher glory than that ments and will find ways to obey and

celestial glory for those who come which our bodies are prepared and keep them. From such knowledge

forth in the resurrection of the just conditioned to receive. gained he will realize that his body is

are as follows: They are the ones who This enlightening revelation in the the tabernacle of his immortal spirit,

receive the testimony of Jesus and be76th section of the Doctrine and Covethat the temple of the spirit should not, lieve on his name and are baptized in nants should be prayerfully studied in in any manner, be defiled. It must be

its it preserved entirety intelfully, that be cleansed forhis they might and understood name in purity—physical,

sins, receive that to one's lifeof their they lectual, moral, might in is a safe guide here and spiritual purity.

the Holy Ghost by the laying on of mortality. The goal for every person is This is why the Lord has given us the

hands of those possessing this authorto build a house by good works, to Ten Commandments, the Beatitudes, ity. They are they who have overcome attain the highest degree of the celesthe Word of Wisdom, the temple ordiby faith all things and are sealed by tial kingdom of God. Anything short nances, and persuasive instruction from

the Holy Spirit of Promise, and into of this, with the light and knowledge his prophets and servants. This is

whose hands the father has given all we possess, would be settling for a why he requires that we resist and things. They are priests and kings of great deal less than our Lord offers us. overcome all evil, all immorality, all

the most high and receive of the full- * By careful study of the revelation, baseness. This is why he urges us to

ness of God's glory. They are they who each person can determine the degree live righteously before him. Those

will glory in God and not in man. of glory he will inherit hereafter. who observe his physical or temporal

They shall dwell in the presence of Understanding this, he should project laws shall receive health in the navel

God and Christ forever. They are himself and his thinking into the eterand marrow to their bones, and shall

men, made perfect through the atonenal world and picture himself there find wisdom and great treasures of ment of Christ, whose bodies are according to the pattern of life he is knowledge, even hidden treasures.

celestial and whose glory is as that of now living. If he does so, I wonder (See D&C 89:1819.)

the sun. (See D&C 76:5070.) if he would be happy with what he There is a close relationship between

The terrestrial glory differs from that envisions his future inheritance to be? physical health and spiritual developof the celestial kingdom, as the moon Knowledge is necessary to salvation. ment. All excesses are wrong and

differs in glory from the sun. Those The Prophet Joseph taught: "It is imultimately lead to disaster. When

who achieve this glory are they who possible for a man to be saved in igone's physical health is impaired by died without law. They are the spirits norance."(D&C 131:6.) Knowledge is disobedience to God's eternal laws,

of men kept in prison. They are the power, the power to aid us to adjust to spiritual development will also suffer.

ones who did not receive the testimony the various conditions and circumThe same is true of the intellectual of Christ in the flesh, but who afterstances of life in which we find ourphase of life. Intellectual dishonesty

wards received it. They are the honselves at any moment of our lives. disquiets and curses the lives of those

orable men of the earth made blind Imagine a builder attempting to conguilty of such deceit. Can the spirit

by men's craftiness. These will receive struct an edifice of any kind, without of the Lord activate one guilty of inof Christ's glory but not of his fullness. knowledge, plans, and specifications to tellectual dishonesty? How glorious our

They will receive of the presence of guide him. We all know it cannot society would be if all those who make

the Son but not the fullness of the be done successfully. Therefore, when up that society were intellectually

Father. Their bodies are terrestrial. building mansions for our souls, the honest.

(See D&C 76:7179.) greater our knowledge concerning The quotable gem from Tennyson's

In the vision, they then beheld the them, other things being equal, the beautiful character. Sir Galahad: "My

glory of those in the telestial kingmore glorious our mansions will be. It strength is as the strength of ten, bedom, which is the least of the three must, of course, be knowledge of the cause my heart is pure."What

degrees of glory. Its glory differs from right kind, divine knowledge, knowlstrength? Not only physical strength,

that of the other two, as the glory of edge that comes through inspiration or but moral strength, the strength that the stars differs from those of the sun revelation to us from God or through resides in purity of life, that faces and the moon, and as the glory of one his anointed servants. Knowledge, danger, disaster, abuse, false witness,

star differs from that of another star then, is the first requisite for building and accusation undaunted; the strength

in glory. a house that will bear the weight of that comes from doing right and living

Those in this kingdom received not eternal life. righteously before the Lord, that knows

the gospel of Christ nor his testimony, Thus equipped, we are to observe the no "new morality,"but only the one, yet did not deny the Holy Spirit. They laws associated with the knowledge the true, the eternal morality instiare thrust down to hell. They will God has provided us, and keep the tuted by God and preserved in the Ten

not be redeemed from Satan until the commandments he has so abundantly Commandments and the Beatitudes.

last resurrection, until the Lord, even given to help implement that knowlBrothers and sisters, be not deceived

Christ, the Lamb, shall have finished edge. and led astray by the wiles and seduchis work. Those of the telestial glory To do all this we need vision and tive "charms"of those advocating that

December 1967 77 which they call the "new morality."dure to the end, you shall have eteris poured in to fight poverty?

There is no such thing. It is a name nal life, which gift is the greatest of all "There are no simple answers. But

only, given to an old evil whose ultithe gifts of God."(D&C 14:7.) on one principle most people can

mate effect is to destroy man, the The renewal and sanctification of agree: Juvenile crime is usually

thing it has done under other guises our bodies by the power of the Holy spawned by inadequate homes."

through the centuries. It will never Ghost is obtained by living the gosWe can spend millions in remedial

to permit build you a pel. that house will treasures Our of good that works programs aimed at the prevention and

life. bear the of eternal weight us precede are building eternal our cure of crime, but the plain fact reis truly spiritual person the The one mansions. project one's thinking To mains that until citizens recognize

finds joy and happiness true into who eternities and the under the influence their divine responsibility as parents in purpose the things of as spirit of the such God, will stretch one's and mind are willing to and be honest reand prayer, humility, selfless service, give clear kindvision of plan, God's which spected themselves, to and teach their virtue, ness, chastity, obedience to will help chart true a course to back children likewise, crime will continue will God's laws, love and his unfeigned, presence. eternity Keep always to increase. The ever home must

of nobleness soul, for regard that before in which you here mortality and base foster the great lasting and virtues of is sacred short, all and acts the your and judgments decisions and holy—in life, purity of thrift, honesty, benevoattributes us would acquire have God eternal laws. upon God's should We lence, patriotism. and this do To exercise in and here mortality. educate ourselves not may for only time but We requires effort from both mother and never all of in brief also know for eternity. our them

It father. cannot be relegated to a sojourn, mortal but sisters, implementing brothers, friends, I and My sitter a baby or nursery school. those will us we know help wisely will hope always we remember and editorial From an written by David build that structure will keep which in bear uppermost our minds never and it Lawrence, all seems that study who life. the of weight eternal forget in all that doings, our the chief the agree problem that chilneglect of life is this Truly brief on earth inbusiness of is lives to our build a house is dren a factor in major the rapid rise

it deed, the but of worth pricethat can will be bear the weight of eternal in crime, particularly persons among less. life. vigorously I By seeking help, God's bear witness to the truthfulness 21. under Placing of the much blame striving for true by of knowledge, the these things. are things They we parents, the report on of the National of knowledge eternal God's will plan should never forsake. know and May Crime these Commission makes two ours live to become by. give us God, the to courage walk humsignificant statements: "... has this given if promise: God bly before I him, pray, in the of name

1. activities programs "The and of you keep encommandments my Christ. Jesus and Amen. O

almost every kind social of institutioncontact—schools,with which churches,children socialcome serin

vice agencies, youth organizations—are

Bishop John H, Keepers predicatedchildren acquireon thetheirassumptionfundamentalthat attitude toward life, their moral standards, in their homes."VANDENBERG, appears 2. "What to be happening at Home

Presiding Bishop throughout the country, in the cities and in the suburbs, among the poor the wellto-do, and among is that paapostle Paul, The in advising Titus rape every 21 minutes, a robbery every rental or paternal authority over young of those things which of three would be half and a minutes, an auto is theft people, becoming weaker."

most value to teach the saints, said: every 57 seconds, a grand larceny The value of parental discipline

"But speak things thou the every which seconds, 35 and a burglary every and guidance is further illustrated from become doctrine: sound seconds. 23 nation Our is searching a broadcast delivered by Paul Harvey "That the aged sober, be grave, for men to an this answer serious most Saturday, on March 27, 1965:

temperate, sound in faith, in charity, problem; and to this our efforts point Francisco's "San Chinatown epitoin patience. futile, have been somewhat primarily mizes grinding poverty.

aged likewise, "The that women they because are not to we adhering the the "For child of is life Chinatown, in as be behaviour becometh holiness, "sound doctrine"mentioned by Paul. rice mostly salt, fish and and work

false not accusers, not given to editorial In an aired much recently his on with as hands as soon he's able.

wine, teachers of things; good KSL, dealt which this with is problem, "This poverty. Chinatown poputhey "That teach the find may young some searching we questions. I is lation 16 times more dense than the

to to be sober, women love their quote: husSan Francisco average. Eighttenths of

to bands, love their children, all hear "You kinds of solutions all buildings need renovating."

"To be discreet, chaste, keepers at proposed—better schools, more public He further states (which seems alhome, good, obedient to their own housing, more integration, more social most unbelievable):

husbands, that the word of God be workers, more federal money to elim- "Yet, in the United States there has not blasphemed. inate poverty. never arrested been a chronic

"Young men likewise exhort to be "But most of those solutions run up linquent child of Chinese parents! desober minded."(Titus 2:1-6.) against some troubling questions, such "Seven percent of America's juveniles

parents Had in this as. the wisdom is there modcrime more Why will than ever in be trouble with the law this ern day to follow that simple bit before of per capita when is year. income one Not Chinese.

counsel, our communities would higher not than ever before? more "In Why the United States there has find themselves in their present crime national when illiteracy is at never been a Chinese convicted for dilemma, the being: dilemma a an alltime murder low? does rape, crime burglary, Why robbery, bank or occurring every a 48 minutes, forcible rise, to seem federal the more desertion. money

78 Improvement Era "In the half century of Chicago's the term given to "one who gives

Chinatown, there has been only one birth"and "exercises protective care arrest for breaking and entering. over."Father is the term given to "the

"Despite generations -of western inmale parent who begets a child"and fluence, this race has somehow check- "exercises protective care over."

reined the impulses of its vigorous As Adam and Eve were sent out youngsters. How? of the Garden of Eden, Adam received

"Albert K. Leong, president of the the command, "in the sweat of thy

Chinese Consolidated Benevolent Assoface shaft thou eat bread"(Gen. 3:19),

ciation of Chicago, says, 'We keep a and Eve received the admonition, "in tight rein on our children until they sorrow thou shalt bring forth chilare really responsible.'dren; and thy desire shall be to thy

"Editor Thomas Y. Fu of the China husband, and he shall rule over

Times in Chicago's Chinatown says, thee."(Gen. 3:16.) This was the family Prices

'Our children just naturally respect relationship as it was divinely instiare LOW action that to upset their parents. order or girl tuted. Anyand obey A boy

in Idalio to failure lead trouble. can only not bring and his familywould shame on

or his family name.'In Paul's epistle, he instructed those

all L.D.S. styles include 50 temple Some responsible the to teach [former] young "P. H. Chang, Chinese women

latest in and white designs parchments.

at to be "keepers in are home."City,ConsulGeneral New York We napkins, other albums, Matching Mormon

says, 'A Chinese child, no matter prone to skip lightly over that stateaccessories. One day rush order service.

where he lives, is brought up to recogment, but it is one of the saving factors nize that he cannot shame his parents. of the home. There is one place for

Before a Chinese child makes a move, the mother, and that is in the home;

he stops to think what the reaction particularly, she needs to be there of his parents will be.'when the children are home. Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded

This being true, what then is wrong There are further comments that adon first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

with our homes? Wherein does the vise us that economic factors indirectly REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

weakness lie, or may we ask whence play a part in the absence of parental Name - discipline. arewill mothers Working with not to cope come the strength

Address - as most of the day,the problem? at home during Such strength and we

willin—withinmuster thecan individual,only come fromwithinwiththe theychildrenare areunawaredoing beforeof whator theirafter City, Zone, State -

family, and within the community. school hours or with whom they are

Such strength can only come by the associating. Usually when the workfamily's being solidly bound together ing mother is at home, her waking

with love and respect of the child for hours are filled with the usual doTour-ificl the parent, and parent for the child, mestic chores of washing, ironing, and and the love of husband and wife. general household duties. The school,

therefore, five during of days to place is the build such homeThe superHAWAII Dec. 26 Jan. 19 vision play each week,strength. a serious must only can This be done with

fulltime mothers, who are the divinely part in teaching morality. Admittedly,

appointed keepers at home. this is a poor substitute for a mother's * ROSE PARADE

If there is no order in the home, if duty, and the evidence stares at us. Dec. 27Jan. 2

mother is absent, if it is deficient of a The economic factor referred to if it to ethics, fails leaving above seems be mothers code of moralsound the * MEXICO F 'effort unity to secure unnecesof purposeto have omits and in an home the parental performance of guiding, sary worldly goods and conveniences.

to 5 weeks, disciplining, tea'hing chil'ren, sophisticated with and Even the most reaEyPQPE 16 daysfrom $275 to justify soning help mothers shouldheaven cannot Parthat home. why

ents must teach their children that the work, the risk of failure in the home is (from New York) family name is important, that their still present.

After discussing the subject actions at a for the be must always good re- * TEXAS HEMISFAIR stake this conference, I received theof family, the individual, the cent and society as a whole. They should be letter from a working mother. The

taught never to bring shame on themletter reads: * PALMYRA PAGEANT

selves, their families, or their com- "At our stake conference today, I could the stood Since family buildsmunity. have the your up and cheered

individual, family to the needs about working mothers. comments be I * ALASKA ADVENTURE

strong; and strong families come from am thoroughly convinced that many

strong parents who have adhred to of the nation's ills could be elimiFor all travel and ticketing arrangements the sound doctrine alluded to in Paul's nated by mothers remaining at home epistle. and being good homemakers and

God set the or'er of the familv. He wives.'Husbands would respond to

created Adam: then, because, as he said, the dependence of beina; the provider y TRAVEL INC. T

it is not good for man to be alone, and head of the family; youngsters 110 East 2nd South

he created the woman, whom Adam could contribute to their own miscelSalt Lake City, Utah.

called Eve because she was to be laneous needs for money by paper the mother of all living. Mother is routes, etc., and not be contributing to

Ogden, 3994587 St. George, 6733136

Logan 2456584 Idaho Falls, 5222581

Mesa 9645283

December 1967 79 delinquency. The whole family could eventually. When we added it all up, world was.

definitely benefit and grow by working the $125 was all allocated. I said to "Therefore, verily I say unto you,

together in harmony and understandmy wife, "It's all gone, and there isn't that your anointings, and your washing to live within the wage that was any left to buy gasoline for my car. ings, and your baptisms for the dead,

brought into the home. Being a good What am I going to do?"She replied, and your solemn assemblies, and your

wife and mother and sweetheart is "Sorry. I guess you'll have to walk."memorials for your sacrifices by the

career enough for..any woman.... So I walked back and forth to work, sons of Levi, and for your oracles in

"For us, 25 years of ideal marriage and the car stayed right in the garage your most holy places wherein you re- (20 years temple marriage) has for several months until I got a raise ceive conversations, and your statutes evaporated in divorce and despair.... and could spare a little to buy gasoand judgments, for the beginning of

A goodly portion of the breakdown line. We've always managed to get the revelation and foundation of Zion,

came from my going out of the home along on my income, and I don't think and for the glory, honor, and endowto work, and the chain reaction of we have ever had an unhappy moment of all her municipals, are orminute events that grew like a cancer, ment over it, but rather, much satisdained by the ordinance of my holy quietly and deadly."faction in coping with the situation. house, which my people are always

Sorrow and unfulfillment will lie at It isn't so much what you earn but commanded to build unto my holy the end of the career of a working how you manage. name.

mother who has neglected her family. I am grateful for the home in which "And verily I say unto you, let this

While it is understood that some I was reared. It was a humble home, house be built unto my name, that I

mothers must work because of no other but mother was always there, just in may reveal mine ordinances therein income coming to the home, there case an injury occurred or we needed unto my people.

should be no excuse for supplementing discipline and attention. "For I deign to reveal unto my

the husband's income for the purchase This, my brothers and sisters, is the church things which have been kept of socalled luxuries and conveniences. way out of the racking situation that hid from before the foundation of the

My wife and I were married during we are in today in this nation. It is world,'things that pertain to the disthe time of the depression. I had pursound doctrine for the mother to aspensation of the fulness of times."

chased a new car, and it was all paid sume her divinely appointed role as (D&C 124:3741.)

for. I was employed-—my salary was "keeper at home,"and the father to This temple was constructed at Nau-

$125 per month. I remember bringing provide for his family, and for both voo, Illinois, and dedicated to the

home my first check. My wife said, "It mother and father to restore parental Lord. It was used by the saints, thereisn't very much, is it?"I replied, "No, authority in the home through sound in to receive these sacred ordinances

but it will do."She said, "Yes, if we teachings and wise love and discipline which were mentioned in the revelabudget it."So we sat down and of their children. tion. In my book of remembrance I

budgeted: $12.50 for tithing; $1.00 for May we not have to learn through have a record of such ordinance work

fast offerings; $45 for rent; $40 for suffering and misery the truth of our having been performed in the Nauvoo

food, and additional amounts for Prophet's words, "No other success can Temple for my progenitors on my utilities and clothing; and $10 in the compensate for failure in the home."Burton and on my Garr ancestral

savings account, for we presumed and This is my fervent prayer in the name lines. I am humbly grateful that they

anticipated that a child would come of Jesus Christ. Amen, O were among those earliest members

of the Church who received such priesthood blessings. Through sacred

temple ordinances they provided a paThe Importance triarchal inheritance of righteousness all their descendants remain who Theodore j&WerBURTON, to the Christ Lord Jesus and Twelve Assistant to the Counc// of the M, f Temules forfaithful who continue to obey his commandMy brothers and sisters, I desire earth that he may come to and restore ments after taking upon themselves today to speak to you concerning the again that which was lost unto you, or his holy name.

importance of temples. When the which he hath taken away, even the In that same revelation from which

saints of God had gathered at Nauvoo, fulness of the priesthood."(D&C I have quoted, there is a passage that

Illinois, the Lord gave them a revela124:2628.) gives me considerable concern:

tion telling them to build a temple In order to obtain a fullness of the "And if my people will hearken to him. These are his words: priesthood of God, we must have temunto my voice, and unto the voice of

"And send ye swift messengers, yea, ples wherein those sacred ordinances my servants whom I have appointed chosen messengers, and say unto them: of the priesthood can be revealed to to lead my people, behold, verily I say

Come ye, with all your gold, and your people who are willing and worthy to unto you, they shall not be moved silver, and your precious stones, and receive them. The Lord continues: out of their place.

with all your antiquities; and with all "And again, verily I say unto you, "But if they will not hearken to my

who have knowledge of antiquities, how shall your washings be acceptable voice, nor unto the voie of these men that will come, may come, and bring unto me, except ye perform them in a whom I have appointed, they shall not the boxtree, and the firtree, and the house which you have built to my be blest, because they pollute mine pinetree, together with all the precious name? holy grounds, and mine holy orditrees of the earth; "For, for this cause I commanded nances, and charters, and my holy

"And with iron, with copper, and Moses that he should build a taberwords which I give unto them.

with brass, and with zinc, and with nacle, that they should bear it with "And it shall come to pass that if all your precious things of the earth; them in the wilderness, and to build a you build a house unto my name, and

and build a house to my name, for the house in the land of promise, that do not do the things that I say, I will

Most High to dwell therein. those ordinances might be revealed not perform the oath which I make

"For there is not a place found on which had been hid from before the unto you, neither fulfil the promises

80 Improvement Era which ye expect at my hands, saith as the children of God. but must be content with a lesser

the Lord. I have read again the words of the blessing.

"For instead of blessings, ye, by your Angel Moroni when he appeared to The prophet thus stressed the need own works, bring cursings, wrath, ingive a revelation of instruction to the of turning the hearts of the children dignation, and judgments upon your Prophet Joseph Smith, using these to their fathers and the hearts of own heads, by your folHes, and by all words: fathers to their children. This turning

your abominations, which you practise "After telling me these things, he of hearts to family relationships means before me, saith the Lord."(D&C commenced quoting the prophecies of establishing and sealing patriarchal

124:4548.) the Old Testament. He first quoted lineage within the sacred confines of

The Church of Jesus Christ has built part of the third chapter of Malachi; the temple and carrying that family

many houses to the Lord since that and he quoted also the fourth or last inheritance into our daily lives. That

time, but are we doing all that the chapter of the same prophecy, though is why, even if we do build temples,

Lord desires of us? I know there are with a little variation from the way if we do not keep the covenants made

thousands of faithful saints who go to it reads in our Bibles. Instead of quotin them, we will be rejected as a

the temples and there perform saving ing the first verse as it reads in oxir people.

ordinances in behalf of their kindred books, he quoted it thus: Why was Jesus so hard on the scribes

dead. Those who do this work and "For behold, the day cometh that and Pharisees of his day who rejected

accept their obligations and keep their shall burn as an oven, and all the his message? He denounced them

covenants are blessed of the Lord. proud, yea, and all that do wickedly vigorously in these words:

There is a gentleness of spirit and a shall bum as stubble; for they that "Ye serpents, ye generation of vipers,

sweet peaceful influence that accomcome shall bum them, saith the Lord how can ye escape the damnation of panies them in their daily lives. There of Hosts, that it shall leave them hell?

is light in their eyes and peace in neither root nor branch. "Wherefore, behold, I send unto you

their souls that reflects the goodness of "And again, he quoted the fifth verse prophets, and wise men, and scribes:

God. They foster the brotherhood of thus: Behold, I will reveal unto you and some of them ye shall kill and

man as children of God and are good the Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah crucify; and some of them shall ye

citizens in the lands in which they the prophet, before the coming of the scourge in your s)niagogues, and perselive. They are slow to quarrel and great and dreadful day of the Lord. cute them from city to city:

quick to forgive. They are truly try- "He also quoted the next verse dif- "That upon you may come all the

ing to be saints. ferently: And he shall plant in the righteous blood shed upon the earth,

The thing that worries me is that hearts of the children the promises from the blood of righteous Abel unto not all who go to the temples do so made to the fathers, and the hearts of the blood of Zadharias son of with a proper attitude. Some go to the children shall turn to their fathers. Barachias, whom ye slew between the

fulfill a duty almost in a spirit of If it were not so, the whole earth would temple and the altar.

"Let's go and get it over with!"They be utterly wasted at his coming.""Verily I say unto you, All these

make no effort to prepare themselves (Joseph Smith 2:3639.) things shall come upon this generaby prayer and study for such sacred The first instruction Moroni gave tion."(Matt. 23:3336.)

work. They take their problems and concerned the end goal toward which Let me quote the explanation of this

worries and secret sins to the temple we are working. When Malachi scripture given by the Prophet Joseph

with them. They are tense and many prophesied of the second coming of Smith. In speaking of the gospel

times selfish. They are in a hurry to Christ, he spoke of "the proud, yea, being preached to the spirits of those

be out again and so do not take the and all that do wickedly."Of whom whose bodies lie in the grave and

peaceful spirit of the temple back into was he speaking? First, of those who citing the necessity of baptism for and

their daily lives. They do not find rejected Christ because of the pride in behalf of the dead, the Prophet

the happiness and joy within the temof their hearts, and second, of those said:

ple which should be found there. A who, having accepted Jesus, were not "Hence it was that so great a reperson can never give what he does valiant in keeping his commandments. sponsibility rested upon the generation

not receive. Unless we go to the Malachi went on to say they "shall in which the Savior lived.... Hence

house of the Lord taking with us the bum as stubble."This means that as they possessed greater privileges than

influence and spirit of God, we canthey shall be destroyed. By whom? any other generation [in having the

not expect God to fulfill the oath and Malachi explains, "They that come Savior in person there to teach them] promise he made to those who really shall burn them, saith the Lord of not only pertaining to themselves, but love and serve him out of the abunHosts."to their dead, their sin was greater, as

dance of their hearts. Those who come are those righteous they not only neglected their own

Those who understand the patrihosts of heaven and righteous persons salvation but that of their progenitors archal nature of the sealing covenants caught up from earth who shall come [because of their lack of power and made in the temple realize the greatand return with the glorified, resurprivilege of helping those who were ness and value of these temple blessrected Savior to cleanse the earth. But relying on them for release from

ings. They cannot rest until they what is meant by the expression "that bondage] and hence their blood

have gathered together that informait shall leave them neither root nor [that is, of their progenitors] was tion for their progenitors which identibranch"? This expression simply required at their hands."(Teachings

fies them. They then go to the temmeans that wicked and indifferent of the Prophet Joseph Smith, pp. 222ple to have those sealing ordinances persons who reject the gospel of Jesus 223.)

performed in behalf of their ancestors Christ will have no family inheritance If this was true of those who by which their ancestors'places and or patriarchal lineage—neither root neglected their inheritance in the days

their own places in the family of God (ancestors or progenitors) nor branch of the Savior, is it not equally true are made secure. Such persons keep (children or posterity). Such persons today of us who live in the period

those sacred covenants themselves by cannot be received into the celestial known as the fullness of times? In our

which they can retain their inheritance kingdom of glory of resurrected beings, day the gospel in its entirety has been

December 1967 81 revealed, and our duty and obligation of his holy house with the sheaves of be imagined. He would describe the

lies clearly before us. Small wonder our offerings in our hands. These ancient inhabitants of this continent,

then that the Lord instructed us as I sheaves of offerings are the names of their dress, mode of traveling, and the have read before, that even if ve build our progenitors to present before the animals upon which they rode; their

temples, if we do not also perform a Lord, that we and they may be saved cities, their buildings, with every parlabor of love therein, we will be rethrough a sealing in that family relaticular; their mode of warfare; and

jected. The blood of our righteous tionship which is characteristic of the also their religious worship. This he

ancestors will come upon our. heads, patriarchal order of the priesthood. would do with as much ease, seemand instead of blessings we will bring I bear you my witness of the divinity ingly, as if he had spent his whole life

upon ourselves cursings, wrath, indigof this work given to us by God our among them."(Lucy Mack Smith,

nation, and Judgments. The Lord has Heavenly Father through living prophHistory of Joseph Smith by His Mother,

called such neglect both a folly and an ets. This privilege of having this pp. 8283.)

abomination. knowledge comes to us only through This was before he received the

What a time this is, then, for rethe grace of Jesus Christ our Lord. plates. He must have received this by

pentance! It is a time to seek the Of him I testify that he lives! In the revelation, for he knew the whole

Lord humbly by knocking at the doors name of Jesus Christ. Amen. story of the content of the record that

is now the Book of Mormon. He had

had five long visits with Moroni, and his mother says he received many revelations. Ask, Seek, When Joseph finally received theSMITH,'Wer Eldred G. plates, he did not take them directly

Patriarch to the Church home. and Knock When Moroni, an angel of the

Lord, gave him the gold plates, he told

Joseph: "Now you have got the Rec-

I too would like to begin my mestherefore, you cannot write that which ord into your own hands, and you are sage today with the same passage that is sacred save it be given you from me."but a man, therefore you will have to

President Tanner used this morning, (D&C 9:7-9.) be watchful and faithful to your trust,

this oftrepeated passage found in the As it was with Oliver Cowdery, so or you will be overpowered by wicked 11th chapter of Luke where the Lord also we may have assumed that all the men; for they will lay every plan and

said: "And I say unto you. Ask, and Prophet Joseph Smith did was to look scheme that is possible to get it away

it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall into the Urim and Thummim and all from you, and if you do not take heed

find; knock, and it shall be opened the rest was 'done for him, with no continually, they will succeed. While

unto you. other effort on his part. it was in my hands, I could keep it,

"For every one that asketh receiveth; As we look into the record, we find and no man had power to take it

and he that seeketh findeth; and to that after the first visit to the Hill away! but now I give it up to you.

him that knocketh it shall be opened."Cumorah, Joseph told the story of the Beware, and look well to your ways,

(Luke 11:9-10.) history of the early American inhabiand you shall have power to retain

He says, "ask,""seek,"and tants to his family. His mother wrote: it, until the time for it to be trans-

"knock."It's as if he were standing "From this time forth, Joseph conlated."(Ibid., p. 110.)

there with outstretched hands, waiting tinued to receive instructions from He had also been instructed not to for us to reach out and take them. If the Lord, and we continued to get the let anyone see the plates except as he

we do not reach out, he cannot help. children together every evening for the would be instructed. Now he was

It seems quite simple, but to "ask,"purpose of listening while he gave us going home in broad daylight, with "seek,"or "knock"involves effort on a relation of the same. I presume our the plates, wrapped in his linen frock,

our part. family presented an aspect as singular under his arm. He must have felt

Oliver Cowdery learned this lesson as any that ever lived upon the face quite uneasy about this, so, while still too. It seems that he had made an atof the earth—all seated in a circle, about three miles from home, he went

tempt to translate and failed, as a father, mother, sons and daughters, into a grove of trees and hid the plates result of which we have the revelation and giving'the most profound attenin a partially rotted log, which he had given in Section 9 of the Doctrine and tion to a boy, eighteen years of hollowed out with his pocket knife.

Covenants, which is a key to revelaage...."This sounds like the first When he returned later to get them,

tion, in which the Lord said to Oliver family home evening of this dishe found them safe. He wrapped them

Cowdery through Joseph Smith: "Bepensation. in his linen frock, put them under his

hold, you have not understood; you Then she continued to say: "We arm, and started home. On the way,

have supposed that I would give it were now confirmed in the opinion "as he was jumping over a log, a man unto you, when you took no thought that God was about to bring to light sprang up from behind it and gave save it was to ask m.e. something upon which we could stay him a hea\'y blow with a gun. Joseph

"But, behold, I say unto you, that our minds, or that would give us a turned around and knocked him down, you must study it out in your mind; more perfect knowledge of the plan then ran at the top of his speed. About

then you must ask me if it be right, and of salvation and the redemption of half a mile farther he was attacked if it is right I will cause that your the human family. This caused us again in the same manner as before;

bosom shall burn within you; theregreatly to rejoice, the sweetest union he knocked this man down in like

fore, you shall feel that it is right. and happiness pervaded our house, and manner as the former and ran on

"But if it be not right you shall have tranquility reigned in our midst. again; and before he reached home he

no such feelings, but you shall have a "During our evening conversations, was assaulted the third time. In

stupor of thought that shall cause you Joseph would occasionally give us some striking the last one, he dislocated to forget the thing which is wrong; of the most amusing recitals that could his thumb, which, however, he did

82 Improvement Era not notice until he came within sight When the Prophet started to transseek, ask, and knock. The Lord may

of the house, when he threw himself late, he had to study the characters for someday ask you if you tried to find down in the corner of the fence in quite awhile. Then his wife Emma his Church. We are trying to bring

order to recover his breath. As soon did some writing for him. Then this great message of the restoration

as he was able, he arose and came to Martin Harris became his scribe. Then of the gospel of Jesus Christ to all the

the house. He was still altogether after the 116 pages of transcription world. We would that all could respeechless from fright and the fatigue were lost, Oliver Cowdery came to be joice, as the Prophet's mother did as

of running."(Ibid., p. 108.) his scribe. she said, "This caused us greatly to

I consider this a rather remarkable By this time, Joseph had had conrejoice, the sweetest union and happiphysical feat: to carry the plates under siderable experience at translating, and ness pervaded our house, and tranhis arm, knock down three men, and the work went forth with good speed. quility reigned in our midst."(Ibid.,

run the approximate three miles. Not even with the Urim and Thum- p. 83.)

I think the Lord gave him this exmim does it come without effort. This is our message to the world:

perience purposely, to show him by Joseph had to exert all his effort, to bring the gospel of Jesus Christ, his own experience that the adversary physically and mentally. He had to with its peace, happiness, and tranwould exert every effort to get the put forth his full effort. So it is with quility, into every family, the world

plates and would stop at nothing to us today. We must put forth our full over.

hinder the work of the Lord; also, to effort, give our full Churchservice Ask, seek, and knock.

teach him that he would be given time. "For every one that asketh receiveth;

help as may be needed if he would The promise is also to us: we will and he that seeketh findeth; and to

exert his own efforts first. The Lord be given the help that we need to fulhim that knocketh it shall be opened."

must have given him extra strength fill the Lord's work if we will put I testify to you that this is truly beyond his own physical abilities to forth our effort first. the work of God, the gospel of Jesus

carry the plates, knock down three May I say to all who are not yet Christ, and do so in the name men, and run three miles. members of the Church of Jesus Christ: of Jesus Christ. Amen, o

The Eternal Life of Man Elder William j. CRITCHLOW/a

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

"All the world's a stage. 6:9.) His real name is Elohim. (James to the author's script.

And all the men and women merely E. Talmage, Articles of Faith, pp. 465Lucifer's rebellion escalated into a

players: 473.) May he pardon me for calling war in heaven. It spread to earth, a

They have their exits and their him the author. This I do reverently fierce struggle between Lucifer and

entrances; to avoid too frequent use of the sacred Jehovah. Battles are still raging on

And one man in his time plays many title, God. the stage here in the sixth act. Apparts. The theme of the great drama is proximately one third of the cast

His acts being seven ages."free agency, meaning man's agency or selected for the great drama defected

(William Shakespeare, As You Like freedom to choose. The script is diand sided with Lucifer. For so doing,

It, Act I, scene 7.) vided into seven acts, each 1,000 years they were dropped from the cast and

in length. The play has advanced thus denied physical appearances on

Yes, the world is truly a huge stage, far into the sixth act. Soon the curthe stage. This infuriated them. They

and upon it the greatest drama ever tain will rise for the seventh or milvowed to make the play flop, and to conceived and produced is still courslennial act. that end they have used freedom—the

ing 6,000 years after the curtains were To stage and direct the drama, the very agency they at first protested—to

opened to unveil a beautiful scene in author needed a director. Bidding for destroy "free agency."

Act 1 called the Garden of Eden. it, a talented and ambitious character Lucifer's strategy is to induce the

In a single sentence the author of known as Lucifer, frequently called cast to use their individual agency in this great drama set forth concisely a Satan, offended and insulted the au- a way that will produce chaos on the purpose, a motive, and an objective thor. His bid offended because he stage. By exposing the cast to as much

for his marvelous work. He said: proposed to alter the author's script in evil as possible, he hopes to gain

"For behold, this is my work and a way that nullified the author's theme numerical strength so that he might my glory—to bring to pass the immorconcept—free agency; it insulted beshout when the curtain rolls down at

tality and eternal life of man."(Moses cause the bidder sought as his price the end of the play, "I have the major-

1:39.) the author's honor and power: "... ity of the heavenly host on my side;

In that simple sentence, I find a wherefore give me thine honor,"and numerical strength is my power. Now

fitting title: "The Eternal Life of Man."give unto me thine "own power."I can claim 'thine honor'; now 'I will

You who like brevity may shorten it (Moses 4:1-4.) His bid rejected, he ascend into heaven'; now 'I will exalt

to "Eternal Life."I like it either way. rebelled and cried out in anger, "... I my throne above the stars of God.'

I hope the author will approve. will ascend into heaven; I will exalt (See Isa. 14:1220.)

Later in my remarks I shall commy throne above the stars of God.... One thing we are forced to admit:

ment on the author's purpose. I will be like the most High."(Isa. Despite the fact that Lucifer's spirit

Members of the drama's cast re14:1314.) followers were eliminated from the

spectfully address the author as God. The author awarded the directing cast and thus deprived of physical

Frequently we dispense with formality job to his son Jehovah, who agreed to appearances on the stage, their power and affectionately call him "Our "go down"and prepare the world to tempt and adversely influence the

Father which art in heaven."(Matt. stage and to direct the play according cast has been tremendous.

December 1967 83 God in his infinite wisdom un- D&C 107:5356.) grammed in the seventh act when

doubtedly appointed his son Jehovah In Act 2 the greatest catastrophe of Jesus will come in glory to rule and to be the drama director because of the drama up to this present time was reign in person for a thousand years.

the Son's vast experience in building enacted. Flooding waters swept over Then "every knee should bow.., and

stages or worlds. "... worlds without the stage, engulfing and destroying... every tongue confess that Jesus

number have I created... and by the "every living thing"save eight people Christ is Lord."(Phil. 2:1011.) Then

Son I created them,"he said. (Moses and certain "beasts"and "fowls"and Satan will be bound, "that he should

1:33.) "creeping things"which these people deceive the nations no more..."(Rev.

By the time the stage was readied, had stored with them in an ark. Noah 20-1-3); then "the wolf also shall

the cast was ready, the leading roles was the hero personality in this act. dwell with the lamb, and the leopard

filled by a process or doctrine called Before the waters poured onto the shall lie down with the kid;... and

foreordination. {Teachings of the stage, the drama director rewarded the the cow and the bear shall feed"toProphet Joseph Smith, pp. 365 and 158. righteous people of Enoch, lifting them gether (Isa. 11:6-7); then "they shall

See also Abr. 3:23.) "up into heaven, into his own bosom,"beat their swords into plowshares, and

"... the morning stars sang toby a process or doctrine called translatheir spears into pruninghooks: nation

gether, and all the sons of God tion, to save them from the flood. shall not lift up sword against nation,

shouted for joy"(Job 38:7), and the (Moses 7:23, 69.) neither shall they learn war any

heavens resounded with praise when In Act 3, Abraham, "Father of the more."(Isa. 2:4.) Temples then will

"a strong angel proclaiming with a Faithful,"played a leading role. Isaac, dot the land, so kin may do work for

loud voice"announced curtain time Jacob, Joseph, and Moses made appearkindred dead. {JD, Vol. 25, p. 185.)

for the first act. (Rev 5:2.) ances. Moses delivered the children "Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard,

John the Revelator likens the curof Israel from their captivity in Egypt. neither have entered into the heart of

tains throughout the play to seals. Great physical changes in the earth's man, the things which God hath pre-

(Rev. 5:1-2.) "We are to understand appearances were made in the days of pared for them that love him."(1

that the first seal contains [reveals] Peleg; and, when the director conCor. 2:9.)

the things of the first thousand years fused the tongues of the people, a Before these blissful scenes are en- [Act 1], and the second also of the small group under the leadership of acted in the seventh or millennial act, second thousand years [Act 2], and one Jared made an epochal voyage Act 6, running its full course, will so on until the seventh [Act 7]."across great waters to found a colony crowd the intervening time space with

(D&C 77:7.) on this western hemisphere. In this spectacular events, some too tragic and

The first seal or curtain revealed a act, Israel possessed its promised land distressing to give comfort to our souls.

beautiful scene called the Garden of and divided it among 11 tribes, leaving Already in this act:

Eden. The first man to appear on Levi without a portion. In one of the—the author, accompanied by his

the stage was one Michael, an assistant final scenes, the great prophet Samuel director son, has made a brief behindto Jehovah in the stagebuilding anointed Saul first king of Israel; and thescenes appearance;

project. {Journal of Discourses, Vol. 1, later, behind Saul's back, he secretly—the gospel of Jesus Christ has been

p. 51.) His stage name is Adam. He anointed the lad David to be Saul's restored;

was given a wife in a marriage that successor.—the kingdom of God has been

will last forever. Her name is Eve. Act 4 opened with King David on established to stand forever and forFree agency, with some help from the throne. Solomon succeeded him

Lucifer, got this couple into trouble and built a great temple. Enemies ever;—the great latterday Prophet Joseph

just as Lucifer had predicted, and they overrunning Israel destroyed it, and Smith has come and gone, forfeiting were "cast out from the Garden of friendly enemies subsequently helped his life in the restoration cause.

Eden... because of his transgression."restore it. Ten of the twelve tribes The apostle John forecast a great

(D&C 29:41.) went into the north countries and earthquake in this sixth act. He wrote:

Cain, a son of the couple, exercising were lost. A prophet Lehi built ships "And I beheld when he had opened

his free agency unrighteously, slew his that came, under the power of God, to the sixth seal, and, lo, there was a brother Abel. For this he was cursed this western hemisphere, where his great earthquake; and the sun became

with "a mark upon [him] lest any people became a great nation. black as sackcloth of hair, and the

finding him should kill him."(Gen. When the curtain or veil was drawn moon became as blood;

4:15.) Thousands upon thousands in for the fifth act, it revealed the drama "And the stars of heaven fell unto

the huge drama cast have had probdirector in person on the stage. His the earth...."(Rev. 6:1213.)

lems by exercising their agency unname was Jesus. Because he said he Employing earthquakes and fire, war

righteously; other thousands have was the Son of God, certain members and lightning, famine and plague, and

soared to great heights by exercising of the cast nailed him to a cross. In a desolating, overflowing scourge, the

their agency righteously. brief appearances in Palestine and on author will yet cleanse and prepare the

Wickedness reigned upon the stage the western hemisphere, he reestabstage for the peaceful millennial act.

as Act 1 came to a close, save in the lished his gospel, organized a kingdom, "Behold,"he said, "the day has come, little city of Zion, where under the and ordained 24 apostles to direct it when the cup of the wrath of mine leadership of one Enoch the people 12 in Palestine and 12 on the western indignation is full."(D&C 43:26.)

prospered in righteousness. Adam hemisphere. For associating with The stage was cleared and cleansed

lived 930 years. Shortly before his Jesus, the apostles in Palestine were in Noah's day (Act 2) with a flood of

death he called his righteous posterity martyred, save one John who was water. "... as it was in the days of

together at a place now known as exiled to Patmos, where in vision he No'e, so shall it be also in the days of

Adamondi-Ahman and previewed for saw the script of the author's great the Son of man"(Luke 17:26), but the them the six remaining acts of the drama—"Eternal Life."cleansing coming up soon will involve

drama, predicting "whatsoever should No scene in the entire drama can a flood of the other destructive agents befall his posterity unto the last match the resurrection scene in the I've just listed, atomic bombing not generation,"the end of the play. (See sixth act, unless it be a scene proruled out.

84 Improvement Era At this very moment Lucifer may be more than I deserve, to hope that I very brief act, in a great, grandiose gloating at the confusion on the stage. myself might be caught up with the drama that has been coursing through

To his comederates he might right now righteous dead to meet the great time and will continue to course be repeating, "I told you so. Free director when he comes in glory to through time for millions of years,

agency doomed the play before it rule and reign upon the stage? One without end. It is a drama within a

started."Well, he may think so, but other hope I'd like to tuck in—I hope drama, both by the same author. May

not seriously. Certain lines in the I haven't offended by calling this he pardon me for the liberty I take in

author's script must worry him. On world a stage. calling it Act 2—the mortal act—inthe other hand, those lines give hope God never intended his great work volving the cast in their mortal, flesh

and comlort to a distressed and conto be accepted as a play. Life is not and bone, state. Act 1 I would call

fused cast. I delight in quoting them: simulated. It is real; the scenes are the premortal act, involving the cast

"Hearken, O ye people of my real; the characters are real; the acting in their spirit state. The future, Act

church,... Hearken ye people from is "for keeps."The drama analogy is 3, will later involve the cast in their

afar;... listen together. mine. I like it. I like the title, immortal state. I must call it the post-

"... I am no respecter of persons, "Eternal Life."I like the worthy mortal or immortal act.

and will that all men shall know that purpose it serves. In these several acts God's grandiose

the day speedily cometh; the hour is It is our Father's way of providing drama courses on and on and on, evernot yet, but is nigh at hand, when his billions of spirit children with lastingly, eternally.

peace shall be taken from the earth, mortal, flesh and bone bodies. Life is eternal. Faithful members of

and the devil shall have power over It is a course designed to give his the cast, after their resurrection, may his own dominion. children a fullness of joy, like unto attain a state of exaltation in God's

"And also the Lord shall have power our Heavenly Father. kingdom in a glory called celestial.

over his saints, and shall reign in their It provides his children with powers That glory holds a promise of eternal midst, and shall come down in judgof procreation for the first time. life, the power of eternal increase, a

ment upon Idumea, or the world."It provides a period of probationary continuation of the seeds.

(D&C 1:1, 3536.) testing. "Life is real! Life is earnest I

If man's reckoning of time is acIt is designed to condition his chilAnd the grave is not its goal;

curate, the curtain at the end of Act dren forever against rebellion and Dust thou art, to dust returnest, fall in6 may of the soul."

now.from My of Life.") lesschildren—surelythan two score yearssome sedition.It prepares his children for citizenWas(Longfellow,not spoken Psalm "Aof my grandchildren—will be involved ship in a theocratic kingdom, the kingin this act's closing scenes. I call dom of God. God, the great Author, lives. He is

upon them and all of you to "put on I like the author's objective: "... this in his heaven dispatching his spirit

the whole armour of God, that ye may is my work, and my glory—to bring children to this mortal stage. Jesus

be able to stand against the wiles of to pass the immortality and eternal Christ is the director, the very Son of the devil."(Eph. 6:11.) life of man."(Moses 1:39.) God. Joseph Smith was a prophet. He

Some of my grandchildren may witWhen the drama runs its 7,000played an important role in the great ness the return of the lost ten tribes; year course, what, at its close, happens drama, "Eternal Life."David O.

some of them may be around when to the cast? Will the players be unMcKay is another prophet, our prophet,

ancient Enoch and his people return; employed? How were they employed in another important role in that great

one might even be bidden to Adambefore the play began? drama. To this I bear my humble

ondiAhman to sit with Adam in anMy answer must be brief. This witness, in the name of Jesus Christ.

other great council. Do I hope for world drama is but a small part, a Amen. O

Feed the Spirit Elder Gordon B. HINCKLEY

of the Council of the Twelve—Nourish the Soul

Our Eternal Father, we ask thy blessclasses and to the world. We need it ship, hundreds and thousands of them.

ing "upon the priesthood, all in in the governing of our families. We must operate hospitals, schools,

authority in thy Church and kingdom, As we direct and teach under the seminaries, institutes. The ramificathat they might enjoy the outpouring influence of that spirit, we shall bring tions of our activities now reach

of the Holy Spirit to qualify them in spirituality into the lives of those for around the world. All of this is the

the discharge of every duty."whom we are responsible. business of the Church. Sometimes

This prayer was voiced by President With the tremendous growth of the the tendency is to handle it as we

Brigham Young a century ago as he Church we become increasingly aware would ordinary business. But it is

stood at the pulpit of this great taberof the great magnitude of the affairs more than an organization of enternacle and offered the invocation on the of this tbe Lord's kingdom. We have prises. It is more than a social body.

first conference of the Church ever a comprehensive program for the inThese are but means to the accomplishconvened here. The day was Octostruction of the family. We have orment of its one true purpose.

ber 6, 1867. A hundred years later his ganizations for youth, for children, for That purpose is to assist our Father

plea to the Lord is as timely as it was mothers and fathers. We have a vast in heaven in bringing to pass his work

on the day it was offered. missionary system, a tremendous weland his glory, the immortality and

We need the Holy Spirit in our many fare operation, probably the most exeternal life of man. (See Moses 1:39.)

administrative responsibilities. We need tensive genealogical program in the The forces against which we labor

it as we teach the gospel in our world. We must build houses of worare tremendous. We need more than

December 1967 85 Temples let us see that we "feed the and the our own strength to cope with them. meetings

To all who hold positions of leaderflock of God,"with that bread which

Latterday Saints ship, to the vast corps of teachers and perisheth not. missionaries, to heads of families, I Next, a word to those who teach the

should like to make a plea: In all you gospel, including the missionaries. To

do, feed the spirit—nourish the soul. each of you I should like to pose a

"... the letter killeth, but the Spirit question given by the Lord himself.

giveth life."(2 Cor. 3:6.) "Wherefore, I the Lord ask you this

I am satisfied that the world is question—unto what were you orstarved for spiritual food. Amos dained?"

prophesied of old: "Behold, the days He then answers it: "To preach my

come, saith the Lord God, that I will gospel by the Spirit...."

send a famine in the land, not a And then he goes on to tell of the famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, remarkable thing that happens when but of hearing the words of the Lord: we preach by the Spirit: "Wherefore,

"And they shall wander from sea to he that preacheth and he that resea, and from the north even to the ceiveth, understand one another, and east, they shall run to and fro to seek both are edified and rejoice together."

the word of the Lord, and shall not (D&C 50:1314, 22.)

find it. Is not this the objective of, all our

"In that day shall the fair virgins effort, that both we who teach and we and the young men faint for thirst."who are taught understand one another

Fullpage, fullcolor pictures of all (Amos 8:1M3.) and are edified and rejoice together?

existmg temples There is hunger in the land, and a There sits with us in this conference

Numerous fourcolor pictures of genuine thirst—a great hunger for the a man in military uniform, an officer

temple interiors word of the Lord and an unsatisfied of the United States Army. He reThe Purpose of Temples—Presider)t thirst for things of the spirit. Ours is turned only two weeks ago from South

David O. McKay the obligation and the opportunity to Vietnam. He is one of our LDS chaplains, soul. faith great of great and a man Concept The LDS of Marriage—nourishFirst, theto administrators, and, I devotion of the leader- a may add, man Pres/dent B. Brown Hugh

ship of great courage. structure a year the Church, For or more he you who

in and the conduct central of the been highlands varied has many Ancient—SidneyTemplesB. Sperryand Their Functions that sad, nation. I include embattled He has meetings—and andmyself—

Order from make a plea that we constantly seek been where the fighting has been bitthe inspiration of the Lord and the ter and the losses as tragic as in any companionship of his Holy Spirit to area of Vietnam. On two occasions

bless us in keeping our efforts on a he has been wounded. He has seen a

high spiritual plane. Those prayers tragically large percentage of his

will not go unanswered, for the prombrigade become casualties, many of 79 South State Street ise has been given through revelation them killed in action while he has

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 that "God shall give unto you knowlbeen in the field at their side. The

edge by his Holy Spirit, yea, by the men of his unit have loved and reunspeakable gift of the Holy Ghost. spected him. His superior officers have

..."(D&C 121:26.) honored him. To look at him you

Concerning the conduct of our meetwould never think of him as an exings, the Lord has said that "the elders traordinary man. He is rather small of Pero are to conduct the meetings as they stature, light of frame. He has been a

are led by the Holy Ghost, according good student, but he has not been a to the commandments and revelations great scholar. He has not been

of God."(D&C 20:45.) And again: trained as a minister fif religion, but as

"... it always has been given to the T have observed him in conversations

elders of my church from the beginin Vietnam, in Japan, and here at ning, and ever shall be, to conduct all home, I have felt of his great spirit. I

meetings as they are directed and have heard his quiet testimony.

guided by the Holy Spirit."(D&C He was not always a member of this

46:2.) Church. As a boy in the South he

And now listen to a statement made grew up in a religious home where the

THE NEW long ago. Concerning those who had Bible was read and where the family

NONCAFFEINE come".. into. afterthe theyChurch,had Moronibeen receivedwrote: munity.attended theHe littledesiredchurchthe ofgifttheofcomthe

DRINK HOT baptism, in and read were Ghost of wrought Holy upon which he had to start nourishing the day unto and way A delicious the and cleansed of the the scriptures that by power was told but it was Holy like children family. and for Adults the whole

of the grains. delicious wholesome the left available. Ghost, they desire never were numbered The among not

boiling just add water and Simple to fix flavor—of people of Christ; the church him. manhood. He grew to He served serve! fathe too! for your Economical, it at Look

vorite market. Distributed.,,by and their names were taken, [Why?] in the army at home and abroad. He

that they might be remembered and searched but never found the thing he nourished by the good word of God, most wanted. Between military enWORLD tokeepkeepthemthemcontinuallyin the watchfulright way,untoto Whilelistments,sittinghe becamein the guna prisontowerguard.of a

prayer...."(Moro. 6:4.) California prison, he meditated on his

Brethren, in the conduct of all our own deficiencies and prayed to the 2520 South 7th West Salt Lake City, Utah Dealers Inquiries Welcome

86 Improvement Era Lord that he might receive the Holy control and destroyed both them and The father was a handsome young

Ghost and satisfy the hunger which himself. man, an air force officer, a jet fighter

he feh in his soul. That hunger had As I looked across the desk at that pilot. The mother was a beautiful

not been satisfied with sermons to trembling, broken young man, esyoung woman. With them were three

which he had listened. tranged from a father he considered lovely children.

One day two young men knocked his enemy, I thought of some great They had joined the Church in the at his door. His wife invited them to words of revealed truth given through South a little over a year ago. They

return when her husband would be at the Prophet Joseph Smith. They set had put into their lives the program of

home. These two young men taught forth in essence the governing spirit the Church. They had experienced a

that family by the Holy Spirit. In two of the priesthood, and I believe they joy they had never previously known.

and a half weeks they were baptized. I apply to the government of our homes. Now he had been ordered to Vietnam

have heard this man testify to the Let me read them to you. on an assignment fraught with peril.

effect that as he was taught by the "No power or influence can or They all sensed the terrifying odds power of the Holy Spirit, he was ediought to be maintained..., only by against his coming back alive and

fied and rejoiced with those who persuasion, by longsuffering, by genwhole.

taught him. Out of that marvelous tleness and meekness, and by love It was a picture almost celestial in

beginning, with the gift of the Holy unfeigned; that quiet, sacred room of the Lord's

Ghost, has come a shedding forth of "By kindness, and pure knowledge, house. There in the authority of the

greatly toenlarge which shall that has given peace truthlight and hypocrisy without without and dying, to the bereaved,to theguile—soul Holygether Priesthoodas a familytheywithwerea sealedbond and comfort the

blessings to the wounded, courage to I believe those marvelous and simple covenant that time could not break the timid, and faith to those who had words set forth the spirit in which we and death could not destroy.

scoffed. Sweet are the fruits of teachshould stand as fathers. Do they mean At the conclusion of that holy

ing done under the inspiration of the that we should not exercise disciordinance the father took his beloved

Holy Spirit. They feed the spirit and pline, that we should not reprove? companion in his arms, and together

nourish the soul. Listen to these further words: they held their beautiful children.

Finally, a word to parents, and par- "Reproving betimes with sharpness With emotions incident to the exticularly to fathers who stand as heads [When? While angry or in a fit of pected separation that would divide

in a few hours when he left forof families: We need the direction of temper? No—] when moved upon by them

the Holy Ghost in the delicate and the Holy Ghost; and then showing Asia, but with a faith that shone

tremendous task that is ours in forth'afterwards an increase of love through her tears, the wife looked up strengthening the spirituality of our toward him whom thou hast reproved, into his eyes and softly said words to homes. lest he esteem thee to be his enemy; this effect: "Come what may now,

Oh, the countless tragedies that are "That he may know that thy faithdear, you are ours and we are yours, found across the land, tragedies whose fulness is stronger than the cords of forever."

roots find their bitter nourishment in death."(D&C 121:4144.) Somehow heaven seemed very near

contentious homes. This, my brethren of the priesthood that morning.

My phone rang one afternoon. The who stand at the head of families, is It is the spiritual sinews of the gosyoung man on the other end of the line the key to government in the home pel that become the fiber of our faith.

said frantically that he needed to see directed by the Holy Spirit. I comGod help us to cultivate them in every

me. I told him that I was involved mend those words to every man within activity in the Church and in every

with appointments for the remainder the sound of my voice and do not association in 'our homes.

of the day and asked if he could come hesitate to promise that if you will I return to President Young's prayer tomorrow. He stated that he had to govern your families in the spirit of from this stand a century ago: Our

see me at once. I told him to come and those words, which have come from Eternal Father, we ask thy blessing

asked my secretary to change the other the Lord, you will have cause to re- "upon the priesthood, all in authority appointments. In a few minutes he joice, as will those for whom you are in thy Church and kingdom, that they

walked in, a boy with a hunted and responsible. might enjoy the outpouring of the

haunted look. His hair was long, his I caught a glimpse of that kind of Holy Spirit to qualify them in the

appearance miserable. I invited him to family life the other day in the Salt discharge of every duty,"in the name

sit and to talk openly and frankly. I Lake Temple. of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

assured him of my interest in his problem and of my desire to help him. Saturday Evening Priesthood Session, September 30, 1967

He unraveled a story distressing and miserable. He was in serious trouble.

the had broken been law, he hadHe life. Priesthoodunclean, blighted his he had

in his extremity there had comeNow a realization plight of the terrible in Inherent in God President himself.which he found needed He 0, David McKAY strength,help beyond and his own he—From Him. President of the Church

it. if for his father pleaded I asked him

(Read by his son Robert R. McKay)

difficulties. his replied ofknew He by It Must Emanate

saying that he could not talk with his father, that his father hated him.

I happened to know his father, and My dear brethren, bearers of the come. As I once again have the great

I know that his father did not hate priesthood of God, who are in this privilege of giving a message to this him. He loved him and mourned historic building tonight and in other vast body of men, I am impres'sed with

and grieved for him, but that father appointed places throughout this and the power which you represent—

had an uncontrolled temper. Whenother lands, I extend to you my greetpower given to us not for personal gain,

ever he disciplined his children, he lost ings and blessings and a hearty welbut for the common good and advanceDecember 1967 P7 ment of the kingdom of God upon the active in the lives of men, turning of stakes, bishops of wards be blessed earth. their hearts and desires toward God in your leadership, in your responsiThe priesthood is an everlasting and prompting service to their fellowbility; may you be true to the gospel;

principle that has existed with God men, just as an impounded reservoir of may your lives be examples to the from the beginning and will exist water becomes productive of good only "flock,"so that you may be guided throughout all eternity. The keys that when the liberated water becomes from on high to bless, to comfort the

have been given to be used through active in valleys, fields, gardens, and people over whom you have been the priesthood come from heaven, and happy homes. appointed to preside. God bless the

this priesthood power is operative in Strictly speaking, priesthood, as delemen who find and assist those memthis Church today as it continues to gated power, is an individual acquirebers of the priesthood who are weak expand in the earth. ment. However, by divine decree, and those members who, for some reaWe see in the divine ordinances men are appointed to serve in parson, have become inactive in the

conferred upon us and in the revelaticular offices in the priesthood unit in Church.

tions from the Lord on the priesthood quorums or are to function under the We are facing conditions in the the solution to every need in the govdirection of quorums. Thus, this world which demand the highest intelernment of the Church. This is parpower finds expression through groups ligence, the deepest spirituality, the

ticularly significant as the Church as well as individuals. The quorum is greatest effort that the priesthood of

continues to expand. the opportunity for men of like aspiraGod can possibly put forth. Our boys

In the revelations dealing with the tions to know, to love, and to aid one and girls in high schools, in junior appointment of one to preside over another. "To live is not to live for colleges, in universities need our help.

the high priesthood of the Church and one's self alone."Their parents need our help. It is

the quorum of the First Presidency, the Recognizing the fact that the Cretime now for us to put forth extra efQuorum of the Twelve and Assistants ator is the eternal and everlasting fort to know the difference between to the Council of the Twelve, the First source of this power, that he alone can right and wrong. Warn our young

Council of Seventy, and other callings direct it, and that to possess it is to boys and girls not to deceive themin the priesthood, such as presidents of have the right, as an authorized represelves that they can tamper with stakes, bishops of wards, and local sentative, of direct communion with alcohol, cigarettes, and narcotics, bepriesthood quorums, the Lord declares God, how reasonable, yet sublime, are cause dangerous effects follow indulthe following concerning others who the privileges and blessings made posgence in such things.

may be called: sible of attainment through the pos- I was pleased to read in a local news-

"Whereas other officers of the session of the power and authority of paper the other day that the office of church, who belong not unto the the Melchizedek Priesthood! They are the dean of Harvard University issued

Twelve, neither to the Seventy, are not the most glorious that the human mind a recent statement taking a firm stand under the responsibility to travel can contemplate. against the use of drugs at Harvard

among all nations, but are to travel A man who is thus in communion as follows: "The Dean's office has

as their circumstances shall allow, with his God will find his life been repeatedly pressed by members of notwithstanding they may hold as sweetened, his discernment sharpened the freshman class for a statement of high and responsible offices in the to decide quickly between right and the college's administrative position

Church."(D&C 107:98.) wrong, his feelings tender and comwith respect to the use of drugs, inBut all, regardless of their callings, passionate, yet his spirit strong and cluding marijuana and LSD. If it will

are to perform their labors diligently. valiant in defense of right. He will help anyone, I am pleased to clarify

Concerning this the Lord says further: find the priesthood a neverfailing our position.

"Wherefore, now let every man source of happiness, a well of living "As anyone bright enough to be at learn his duty, and to act in the office water springing up unto eternal life. Harvard knows perfectly well, possesin which he is appointed, in all You who have the priesthood are his sion of, or distribution of marijuana

diligence. servants by divine right. I know the and LSD is strictly against the law,

"He that is slothful shall not be world thinks we are unreasonable, and taking the drugs involves the counted worthy to stand, and he that fanatic in our ideas when we tell them users in psychological dangers and learns not his duty and shows himself there is no other authorized Church, contacts with the criminal undernot approved shall not be counted but that is true. The priesthood came world.

worthy to stand...."(D&C 107:99directly from our Lord and Savior, "The college is prepared to take

100.) Jesus Christ, who is the great High serious disciplinary action, up to and

In seeking the source of the priestPriest; and he authorized Peter, James, including dismissal, against any stuhood, we can conceive of no condition and John, on whom he bestowed that dent found to be involved in the use

beyond God himself. In him it centers. priesthood, to bestow it upon Joseph or distribution of illegal and dangerFrom him it must emanate. PriestSmith. Many of you brethren can ous drugs.

hood being thus inherent in the trace your ordination within five steps "In sum, if a student is stupid

Father, it follows that he alone can right back to the Savior himself. enough to misuse his time here fooling

give it to another. Priesthood, there- I pray that we may be blessed with around with illegal and dangerous

fore, as held by man, must ever be the spirit of humility, blessed with the dru<?s, our view is that he should leave

delegated by authority. There never spirit and desire to be one in all things college and make room for people

has been a human being in the world relating to the welfare and advanceprepared to take good advantage of a who had the right to arrogate to himment of the kingdom of God. We can college opportunity. Office of the Dean,

self the power and authority of the do that by sustaining the authority Harvard University."(Salt Lake

priesthood. There have been some who which is always delegated; and when Tribune, September 17, 1967.)

would arrogate to themselves that it is rightly delegated, you will be able These things have been forbidden by right, but the Lord has never recogto go to the source, which is God, in the Lord and, if indulged in, will lead nized it. whom is inherent the authority of the our young people away from activity

The power of the priesthood becomes Holv Priesthood. in the Church, and the Spirit of the

dynamic and productive of good only May you Regional Representatives of Lord will not dwell in them.

when the liberated force becomes the Quorum of the Twelve, presidents Young man, you cannot tamper with

88 Improvement Era the evil one. Resist temptation, resist messages sent to me during my 94th control or dominion or compulsion

the devil, and he will ilee irom you. birthday celebration from young men upon the souls of the children of men,

Your weakest point will be the point in the mission field, from seminary in any degree of unrighteousness, beat which the devil tries to tempt you, students, and from other young memhold, the heavens withdraw themwill try to win you, and if you have bers of the Church telling me of their selves; the Spirit of the Lord is

been made weak before you have love for the gospel and of the testigrieved; and when it is withdrawn,

undertaken to serve the Lord, he will monies they have of its truthfulness. Amen to the priesthood or the authoradd to that weakness. Resist him and I love the young people, and my heart ity of that man."(D&C 121:37.)

you will gain in strength. He will goes out to them. May God keep them That revelation, given by the Lord

then tempt you in another point. Retrue to the faith and bless them that to the Prophet Joseph Smith, is one of

sist him and he becomes weaker, and they will be able to withstand the the most beautiful lessons in pedagogy you become stronger, until you can temptations which constantly beset or psychology and government ever say, no matter what your surroundtheir paths. To the youth of the given, and we should read it over and

ings may be, "... Get thee behind Church I say, go to our Father in over again in the 121st section of the

me, Satan: for it is written. Thou shalt heaven in prayer, seek the advice of Doctrine and Covenants.

worship the Lord thy God, and him your parents, your bishops, your stake Let us realize that we are members only shalt thou serve."(Luke 4:8.) presidents. of the greatest fraternity, the greatWilliam C. Sullivan, assistant di- "Do your duty, that is best; est brotherhood—the brotherhood of

rector of the Federal Bureau of InLeave unto the Lord the rest."Christ—in all the world, and do our

vestigation, said in Salt Lake City on It is a sobering thought to think best each day, all day, to maintain the

August 24, 1967: what this great body of bearers of the standards of the priesthood.

"Our young people are growing up priesthood can do to help these young Let us live honest, sincere lives. Let

in a rapidly changing world, and too people, and to stir the people to acts us be honest with ourselves, honest many of them are becoming imbued of honesty, truthfulness—to stir them with our brethren, honest with our

with false attitudes and notions of so that they will become examples to families, honest with men with whom law and order. Their important the world. We have that duty, that we deal—always honest; for eyes are

periods of childhood and adolescence right, and that inspiration! upon us, and the foundation of all

too often lack sufficient character To hold the priesthood of God by character rests upon the principles of training and parental guidance and divine authority is one of the greatest honesty and sincerity.

example."gifts that can come to a man, and God is guiding this Church. Be true

He pointed out that 49 percent of worthiness is of first importance. The to it. Be true to your families, loyal

persons arrested for serious crimes in very essence of priesthood is eternal. to them. Protect your children. Guide

1966 were under 18, and this age He is greatly blessed who feels the them, not arbitrarily, but through the group accounted for 54 percent of the responsibility of representing Deity. He example of a kind father, a loving

burglaries and 63 percent of the autoshould feel it to such an extent that mother, and so contribute to the mobile thefts. {Salt Lake Tribune, he would be conscious of his actions strength of the Church by exercising

August 25, 1967.) and words under all conditions. No your priesthood in your home and in

I am happy to see these young men man who holds the Holy Priesthood your lives.

gathered in the Tabernacle this evening should treat his wife disrespectfully. God help us all to be true to the

They are here by the hundreds, and No man who holds that priesthood ideals of the priesthood—Aaronic and

many thousands more are listening at should fail to ask the blessings on his Melchizedek. May he help us to

various designated places, and we want food or to kneel with his wife and magnify our callings and to inspire you young men to know that we are children and ask for God's guidance. men by our actions—not only memproud of you, and commend you for A home is transformed because a man bers of the Church, but all men everyyour faith, your courage, and your holds and honors the priesthood. We where—to live higher and better lives,

loyalty to the Church. are not to use it dictatorially, for the to help them all to be better husbands,

My heart was touched to the core Lord has said that "when we underbetter neighbors, better leaders, under and I was overwhelmed with thanktake to cover our sins, or to gratify our all conditions, I pray in the name of fulness to the Lord for the letters and pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise Jesus Christ. Amen. o

Elder Harold B. Lee's address to the priesthood will appear in the January Era.

Who Will Show Us the Way? Eider LeGrandRICHARDS

of the Council of the Twelve Brethren, I feel humble this evening letter he told me about how he. was our great leader today, that all we

as I stand here before you, this wonqualifying a man for baptism and was want to know is what he wants us to derful body of priesthood. With you, telling him about what would be exdo, and what the Lord wants us to

I enjoyed the message from President pected of him, such as keeping the do.

McKay and the message and informaWord of Wisdom and paying tithing Some of you will remember that tion that we had from Brother Lee; and working in the priesthood to help President Grant often used to tell us

and I am sure that we realize that we build the kingdom; and the man that we sing "We thank thee O God

should not be just hearers only of the stopped him, and said, "You don't need for a prophet, to guide us in these word, but doers. to tell me all those things."He said, latter days,"but, he said, "There are

I think of a message that I received "All I want to know is, was Joseph many of the Latterday Saints who in a letter from one of my grandsons, Smith a prophet of God? If he was, I would like to add a P.S.: 'Providing he

who was on a mission in Switzerland. will do anything that the Prophet doesn't ask us to do what we don't

He is now a bishop, and I think he is asks me to do."want to do.'

listening in here tonight. In that I hope we all feel that way toward I hope that we don't accept the counDecember 1967 89

Missionaries Parents & Friends A PERFECT GIFT Original Custom Countries from Clips Tie it. It little sel great leaders is only a advice of the our handcomprehend and the World Around

tonight, see here ful of priesthood reservation, that you and with want any we

Netherlands to do all they would have us do. but this Church will fill North and Speaking of the priesthood, and we South America—it will fill the world.

have many boys of the Aaronic PriestIt will fill the Rocky Mountains.

hood here tonight, it was my great There will be tens of thousands of pleasure to supervise the Aaronic Latterday Saints who will be gathered

Priesthood of the Church as Presidin the Rocky Mountains, and there they

U.S. Indian ing Bishop for 14 years. will open the door for the establishing

Head Penny When one of my boys was ordained of the Gospel among the Lamanites.

a deacon (and incidentally, it was in..."{Conference Report, April 1898,

the mission field and the branch presi- p. 57.) I have already talked to five

Tie Clips $2.50 dent didn't even wait until I got home groups of priesthood today on the work

Cuff Links $5.00 from a trip in the mission to let me with the Lamanites.

Matching Cuff Links & ordain him), after I returned he came The Prophet said there was only "a

Tie Clip $6.75 into my office and said, "Daddy, I handful of priesthood."Now maybe

Sweater Clasps $2.50 Jamaica have more authority than the President he knows what is going on here toSweater Pins $2.50 of the United States, haven't I?"It took night, but when we are told that this

(Antiqued or Plain Finish) my breath away. I had to think pretty priesthood meeting is being broadcast

fast, and finally I said, "Well, yes, you in 502 buildings, with a possible atAustria, Belgium, Select from do. President of the United The tendance—in France, GerBulgaria, Burma, States gets his authority the this from block—of addition95,000 people,to whatisn'tis theon Britain, Greece, Great many,

Guatemala, Haiti, Ireland, people, and when his term of office spirit of understanding and testimony

Israel, Jamaica, Japan, Luxemexpires, his authority is all gone. Yours marvelous that this great Prophet of

r Mexico, bourg, M o r the Lord, this and to to c o, comes from dispensation if you will had, be able

Phillippines, Peru, Netherlands, it, it will live for forever be yours and point to the future of the At Church? Arabia, Suriham, Sudan, South

Turkey, U.S.A. Other countries ever."that time, and that was 14 years before

available Send upon request. After he to grown had the west into manhood the Rocky saints came

order to: check or money field, the mission in and was they Mountains, he said I memowould come

letter, his statement saints from here, that one the gathered be would CO. rized CANNON like this: these "Father, read in the which there Mountains, and Rocky P.O. BOX 6108 all saints are wonderful. esdo us for They the they the door would open

S.LC, UTAH 84106 kinds of favors. Shucks, they make tablishment of the gospel among the

my fraternity brothers look sick."He Lamanites.

said, "I will never ask for the priviSome years ago while I was the lege of joining a fraternity again. The Presiding Bishop of the Church, we

priesthood of God is the greatest union had what we called the Aaronic Priestin all the world, isn't it?"hood pageant. I don't know if any of

Now, I believe that with all my you are old enough to remember that heart, and I was happy to know that or not, but we repeated it a year or my son had come to that conclusion in so after the first showing. We had

his youth. Isn't that what President people who were traveling through

McKay said tonight in his message: tell us that it was the most impresthat it is the greatest brotherhood in sive religious gathering they had ever

all the world? I know that this is seen in their lives. It was built

true. We can go anywhere in this around the theme that we lived in the

world, and it doesn't matter what misspirit world before we were born; and

sion it is; for as long as people have then we were told we would come

taken upon them the name of Christ upon the earth and would have exin the waters of baptism, they are periences here such as we could not truly brothers and sisters, no matter have there; and the question was asked,

what color their skin may be. It is "Will there be anyone there to show

the greatest brotherhood in all the us the way?"The answer was, "There

The Voice world.I would like to read a statement willand thebe yourpriesthoodparentsof andGod."the Church,

of a Prophet Presidentfrom the ProphetWilford JosephWoodruffas relatedin genby todayI hoperealizethat howwe fathersgreat whoour responsiare here

A new record album for every eral conference, April 1898. He tells bility is. We have been told that by

Latterday Saint family, in honor about when he first met the Proihet all of our leaders. President McKay

of President David O. McKay. Joseph, which was back in 1833, three has said so often that no success in

Hear the Prophet's voice with years after the Church was orsjanized. life can compensate for failure in the

for the of inspiration home, words are the These of the words Prophet: home.

liberspirituality, individual, the "Brethren, been very I have I once heard President Joseph F. much gospel, restored ty, marriage, the

and other topics. $3.95 postpaid edified and instructed in your testiSmith make the statement that he

it tonight, monies here to said but could say never hoped I want be of him of Division from Order to before that, that in the Lord, to trying others, you save you he know had Services, Communication lost his destinies the concerning of no more own. University, Brigham Young

Provo, Utah 84601 this Church and Kingdom than a babe A short time after the pageant, one upon its mother's lap. You don't of the good sisters attending Relief Also available through many

local LDS book dealers.

90 Improvement Era Society out in the Southeast was tellmiddle one of the three; both of the kid name, he said, "Grandy, my boy,

ing about how she brought her husothers have been mission presidents; I love you."You can't get away from

band to see that pageant. In the they are both patriarchs today. I tell love like that, can you?

pageant each of the boys had a little you, there is no substitute for what Now, that is what it takes to make spotlight on his forehead, and then you get from a father who sets the families in which the children will all some of those lights went out. In one example. You know the little story be married in the temple, and in

scene, there they were, on the platform, that "he stepped in his father's footwhich they will all serve the Lord. I

discussing all their problems, and one steps all the way."thank God with all my heart that all

little fellow turned and said, "My I left home as a young man and of mine are active in the Church and father doesn't go to priesthood meetcame to the city here to board and holding positions of responsibility, being, and I want to be like my father."go to school; and when my father cause Mother and I have tried to set

This woman, in telling about taking came to town and stayed with me, he the example. And you have to do it.

her husband to the pageant, said when would put his arms around me and You can't go golfing on Sunday and that little fellow said, "My father say, "My boy, I never thought I could then expect your children to go to doesn't go to priesthood meeting, and trust one of my boys in the big city,"Church and expect to raise them in the

I want to be like my father,"she felt (Of course, it wasn't as big then as it Church. You have to go with them.

her husband just cringe, like he had is now.) I'hen he said, "I would trust You have to set them the example.

been hit with an electric shock. The you anywhere I would go myself."It That same spirit carried forward in

next Sunday morning when the boy was just like putting a steel rod up my this pageant of ours. We were told

got ready for his priesthood meeting, backbone. How could I let my father that there would be our parents, and

the father said, "Wait a minute, son. down? there would be the Church to show

I am going with you."The boy said, One of my boyfriends said, "If I us the way. My, the work that is

"You are kidding me. Dad."But his didn't believe there was a God, and being done in this Church to try and

mother got his eye, and you know what I didn't believe that some day I would raise boys and girls! And we are raishappened. have to answer for what I do here on ing many of them far above the

I don't suppose I would be standing this earth, I couldn't break the comstandards of their own homes. We had

here tonight were it not for the noble mandments because of the respect I one mission president (and that was teachings and example of that father of have for my father."at a time when we didn't have so

mine. I grew up on a farm. When Just another little thing about how many missions) who reported to the

everything went dead wrong, as it did Daddy trained us boys: You know, in General Authorities in the temple that

at times, I remember a hayrack we the country town where I was raised, he had 18 elders in his mission who were trying to get on the gears; it the greatest sport the boys had was to came out of inactive Latterday Saint

tumbled down, and the worst swear go buggyriding in the afternoon on homes. They weren't there because of

word I ever heard my father use in all Sunday with their girls. Of course, my the leadership of their parents, but

the years on that farm was "Oh, fiddlebrother and I could never go buggybecause of the influence of the Church sticks,"and I think the Lord will forriding because Father was a member upon their lives and the influence of give him for that. of the stake presidency, and we had to their young associates. Incidentally,

I can remember hoeing weeds out set an example. One day we went he said that in 15 of the homes, the

of the old corn patch—acres of it to Father, and we said, "Now, man to parents became active while these

when father would take rows and we man. Father, why can't we buggyride boys were in the mission field. I could

would take rows, and he would keep on Sunday like these other boys?"understand that.

calling to us and asking us Church Father didn't want to deprive us of When I was president of the Southquestions: "What is the gospel?"I can anything, but he said, "Now, I'll tell ern States Mission, I shed many a tear

remember that question when I was you boys what you can do. You can reading the letters that came in from

just a little fellow, my daddy asking leave one of the best teams home any my missionaries, some of which went it as we were hoeing the corn. You day of the week you want, and you like this: "President Richards, I just

can't get away from things like that. can quit work at noon and come home had a letter from Mother. She said

At the end of the year, he would and clean up, and then you can go Father has quit his tobacco. He has

gather us three boys around the table buggyriding."Wouldn't we have started attending his priesthood meetin the dining room. We each had a looked pretty buggyriding around in ings. He is getting ready so that

notebook, and we would figure out the the middle of the week when no one when I come home, we can all go to tithing. You know, on the farm it isn't else was buggyriding? Can you the temple together."

like getting a monthly check. We figimagine our asking the girls to go It is like a twoedged sword. It cuts

ured what the chickens had produced, buggyriding with us under those at home as well as it does in the misand what the garden had proconditions? sion field. I visited with that particuduced; and if a calf was a year older Well, these are just some of the lar mission president a short time ago

than at the beginning of the year, then little things that tied us together to up in Canada, and he said, "Brother we would figure its growth and the that daddy of ours. I walked into my Richards, in the case of 12 of those 18

added value; and then after we had father's apartment when he was just families, the parents came up with

gotten everything all figured out, about 90 (he died just a few months their autos and met their missionaries

Father would always throw in a little before he would have been 90), and as when they were released and had their for good measure, so that we would be I opened the door, he stood up and families with them, and they went sure that we had paid a full tithing. walked toward me and took me in his through the temple for the first time."

Do you suppose that any one of arms and hugged me and kissed me. The Church is doing a tremendous

those three boys who sat around that He always did that. I received letters job. When I was the Presiding Bishop,

table year after year with that kind from all over the Church when I kissed we used to like to know what the boys of leadership would have ever ended a Father here on the stand once after I thought of their leaders, so when we year without being a full tithe payer? became the Presiding Bishop. Taking attended a stake conference, we would

Well, you know where I am. I am the me in his arms and calling me by my have the boys tell us what kind of a

December 1967 91 man they liked for a bishop. It might door of your church again.'And he honor, and I love them; I love the

interest some of you bishops if you did, and I never have."work that you men are doing for them,

were to try an experiment of that kind. I am afraid that if I had been there and what this Church is doing, and I

I remember one Httle fellow out and had been big enough, there would trust that there will be no fathers here in the Granite Stake. He said have been two going out instead of whose boys will not be able to look

something like this: "We boys like a one. I think the wrong man was put up to them.

man for a bishop who doesn't think out. We had a miller come to our town

that a boy is just a pain in the neck."I want to show you just a little when I was a boy. We used to take a

You know, I thought that was a woncontrast to that. I went over here on load of wheat to the mill and get credit

derful sermon. I used to tell the boys the west side of town to attend an for it, and then we would go and draw

that if any of them had fathers who award night when I was the Presiding on it for our mush and for shorts for felt that way about them and if there Bishop; we had a program, and then pigs, etc. A new miller came, and I

were any way they could trade them we went in the cultural hall for a went up to get a grist, but had no off, they ought to get rid of them like banquet, and it was beautifully spread credit, and he wouldn't let me have it;

you would an automobile. with nice linen and silverware. I sat he didn't know me. I said, "Well, you

I gave We have to have the right attitude. with the stake president next to me; check up on my father,"and

I am going to give you two more illusand there was a place for the bishop him the name.

trations. next to me on the other side, but the A few days later, I went up with a

When I was back in Washington bishop wasn't there. Finally he came load of wheat, and I said, "Did you

some years ago, I overheard one of in and sat down. He nibbled a little check on my father with the owner of

our Mormon men who was standing in at his food and then pushed his plate the mill?"He said, "Yes, sir."I said,

line to get in a theater; and he got in away. I turned to him and said, "What did he say?""He said, 'The

conversation with the man next to him "Bishop, what's the matter?""Oh,"next time one of those sons of George

and found that he was from Utah. He he said, "one of the boys talked during F. Richards comes to this mill, if he

said, "Then you are a Mormon, aren't the closing prayer, and I spoke to him wants the mill, get out and give it to you?"He said, "No, I am not a Morabout it, and it offended him. He him.'

mon."And this man who asked him grabbed his hat and away he went."Fathers may not all be able to hand

thought he was afraid to own up to it, He said, "I followed him home. I down to their sons in the way of

so to make it a little easier he said, stayed with him until he had apolomoney, stocks, and bonds; but I want

"Well, I am a Mormon. I thought all gized to me, and I had apologized to to tell you that when you can hand

of us from Utah were Mormons."Then him, and we are both back together."down a name to your boys, so that they

the other man added, "I was once, but You see, there wasn't anything lost, will be proud to say, "He is my father,"

I am not any more.""How come that since that wound had been healed bethen you will be doing what God, the

you are not?""Well,"he said, "when fore it calloused over. The only thing Eternal Father, expects you to do with

I attended Aaronic Priesthood meetlost was the bishop's appetite, and he these sons who are entrusted to your ing one night, one of the good brethren could make that up. keeping.

threw me out by the nape of the neck, Now, brethren, I am proud of our May God bless each one of you, I and as I went out I said, 'If you put youth. I have stories by the dozens pray, and leave you my blessing in the

me out of here, I will never darken the about how they have brought us name of the Lord Jesus Christ. Amen.

President Hugh B. The Kingdom Is Rolling ForthBROWN,of the First

Presidency get you will and from it can look whom is not yoii to know that I just want seen and unseen: dear brethren, My counsel, instruction, advice, and It is not the much program. Lee's of men Brother army of a whole I a- conscious

out'there in various wards and program of any one man. It is a and I pray that the Lord will help us

branches and stake houses who are program that is supported and instiall to support them and uphold them, tuned into this meeting and have listuted, is being advanced, and will be for they are representatives of the tened to what has gone on. carried on by the Presidency of the Twelve and the First Presidency.

I am sure all of you have been inChurch and the Twelve Apostles, and I say this is in a sense one of the spired and blessed and lifted up. I those who have been and may be signs of the times. I see thousands of

am sure the message from our Presicalled to assist. young men here, and I know there are

dent, David O. McKay, has found It seems to me that of all the signs other thousands listening; and I would

lodgment in the hearts of all, and I of the times (and they are ominous like to say to you young men that trust that each of us will carry from and on every side) this is one of the those of us who are growing older will this meeting a resolution and a detersignificant signs of the times—that the pass on. We must pass the torrh to

mination not to let him down, to show Church of Jesus Christ, the kingdom of you. You must have the faith to hold

him our love and our support and our God, is massing its forces, getting ready it high. You have the authority and

loyalty by doing the things he has for that which is to follow. These 69 will have greater priesthood than you

asked us to do and the things we know men have been called in to serve. They have now, those of you with the lesser

we ought to do. are seasoned men. They are men o* priesthood; you will be expected to

We have all been inspired too by the great faith and considerable experience. represent the Church, and in that repsplendid message given by Brother Lee, They are all men on whom we can resentation you will represent the Lord.

and in the absence of the President, rely. They are men to whom you I hope that no man under the sound

92 Improvement Era GIRLS WANTED

in

fashion of our voices here tonight will allow dom. I want to read you his words. Merchandising

himself to be tempted to do anything Speaking of a time subsequent to the that would cause him to blush if it Roman empire, when the government were known by those he loves the of the world had been divided into FREE JOB most. kingdoms, part of clay and part of PLACEMENT

I hope that every young man under iron, Daniel says:

the sound of my voice will resolve "And in the days of these kings New professionaland Marchcourses25, begin1968. January 2

tonight, "I am going to keep myself shall the God of heaven set up a kingIf you want a good paying career In the excitclean. I am going to serve the Lord. dom, which shall never be destroyed: ing field of fashion as a buyer, decorator,

I am going to prepare every way I can and the kingdom shall not be left to manager,attend fouretc.,yearsbut ofhaven'tcollege,the investigatetime or money"LD's"to

for future service, because I want to be other people, but it shall break in 9 and 18 month courses now.

prepared when the final battle shall pieces and consume all these kingdoms, Write Mrs, Merlee S. Breach

come."and it shall stand for ever....

And some of you young men are "And the kingdom and dominion, L D. S. Business College

going to engage in that battle. Some and the greatness of the kingdom under 41 1 E. South Temple

of you are going to engage in the final the whole heaven, shall be given to Salt Lake City, Utah testing time, which is coming and the people of the saints of the most which is closer to us than we know. High, whose kingdom is an everlasting

I want to leave with you my blesskingdom, and all dominions shall serve ing, the blessing of the First Presidency and obey him."(Dan. 2:44; 7:27.)

apand the Twelve. also to to bring atten- I want your We are greatly

LAKE OGDEN Yj(0hMSALTpreciative tion of the wonderful one verse work done section the 65th from COTTONWOOD by Brother Lee and his committee, the of the Doctrine and Covenants:

others of the Twelve, andCouncil keys of the who "The kingdom of God instant cereal serve in called in to the arehave been committed unto the man on beverage.".. this ofpreparation program. wonderful earth. 2.) (Verse

from Made roasted Pefo it will your wholeto have hope testimony I want bear and by wayWe rye, barley and in that will support, of andhearted you emphasis that repeat statement, to the delicious supporting it realize that you are only "The keys of the kingdom of God are taste, no coffein.

doing the work of the Lord. committed unto man on the earth, and Mail orders filled

I want to say to you, brethren, that from thence shall the gospel roll forth 35cup can 39c K in the midst of all the troubles, the unto the ends of the earth, as the carton of 12 3.50

shipping 65c add is the stoneuncertainties, chaos tumult and of cut out the which mountain charge roll is passing, the without world shall forth, until hands whichthrough 1.39 can 150cup

... filled of the majority earth. it has thealmost unnoticed by whole of carton 4 $5

the people of the world, there has been "Wherefore, may the kingdom of Add 75c shipping charge set up a kingdom, a kingdom over God go forth, that the kingdom of AddressZCMI FINEmailFOODSorders to which God the Father presides, and heaven may come, that thou, O God, ZCMI SHOPPING SERVICE, P.O. Box

Jesus the Christ is the King. That mayest be glorified in heaven so on Utah1229, residentsSalt LakeoddCity,3'/2%Utah soles84110tax

kingdom is rolling forward, as I say, earth, that thine enemies may be subpartly unnoticed, but it is rolling fordued; for thine is the honor, power and

ward with a power and a force that glory, forever and ever."(D&C 65:2,

will stop the enemy in its tracks while 6.)

some of you live. Remember, brethren, the Lord has

Do you want to be among those on spoken. There is a spirit hovering

the side of Christ and his apostles? over this group and reaching out to the

Would you like to be with those who various groups who are listening in, The single unit multipurpose visual aid are on the side of Joseph Smith, Brigand it is a yearning spirit. It is the 9 Home Teaching, Ward and Stake

Relief Society Control Executive 9 Spirit of the Ghost, Holy of the the others calling upon and Young,ham Teaching Systems Systems into baptized been President leaders, have O. including all men who David

or call for details Write the received Church have and someMcKay?

Now is the time to make a resolution order of priesthood to stand up and Manage Aid to to prepare put will to that effect and for the be counted, time come Shirley Lane 4308 inyourselves a position for where are not you when him those who will 'Salt Lake City, Utah 84117 can do the will of God, keep control be found to be against him. I urge all 2773995 2550797

of yourselves, and control your pasof us to set our houses in order, to set sions and your appetites and those our lives in order, to be prepared for HAWAII in Hawaii, Year Christmas thingsother or New which lies ahead; that lead downward into that and God will Celebrate

transportation Incl. Jet for only $275. 10 days paths. bless forbidden efforts. and sustain us in our etc. Lei, transfers, Hotels, coast). (from

I pray you, brethren, avoid drugs of O Father, bless these young men, Write for other Hawaii tours 1968, olso all kinds, as you would avoid the very and these older ones. Let thy Spirit ROSE BOWL PARADE TOUR

gates of hell. I pray that his Spirit guide them. May it hover over them, BARNES WORLD TRAVEL AGENCY

East 105 3rd South shield protect with against you, qualify and be the and prepare themmay

Lal<e City, 84111, Utah of wiles that the realize, adversary.you for lies ahead. which O Salt We

Daniel saw our time. Daniel knew, Father, that they are fighting not

through the Spirit that prompted Presiagainst flesh and blood alone. They are $17,000 PLUS

dent McKay to inaugurate this work, fighting against enemies in high places.

that there would be a day when the They are fighting against empires. They REGULAR CASH BONUS

God of heaven would set up a kingare fighting against organized sin. for man over 40 in your area. Take short

auto trips to contact customers. Airmail

G. H. Pate, Pres., Texas Refinery Corp.,

Box 711, Fort Worth, Texas. 76101.

December 1967 93 organized rebellion. They are fightare listening tonight, when they go that they will know, that with thy help

ing against riots and all manner of home to get on their knees and commit they need not fear the future.

disobedience and lawlessness. themselves to thee; and then they may God bless us all to this end, I pray

O Father, help these young men who know, and I promise them in thy name in the name of Jesus Christ, Amen, o

Sunday Morning Session, October 1, 1967

DUNN, Elder Paul H. Engines and People

of the First Council of the Seventy President McKay, my beloved that the highest mission they have is to Christ and his divine mission. Perhaps

brothers and sisters, both seen and unundermine and weaken the faith and it is more accurate to say that men seen: I too am very grateful this mornbelief of our youth in the reality of today are losing faith in themselves

ing for the many blessings that are God, of Christ, and of his mission. because they have lost faith in God.

mine. I have thrilled with this deThese are they whom I would call Having lost faith in both God and

lightful conference and the divine modern antiChrists. They are found themselves, many of our contemporaries

messages that have been delivered. in many walks of life. Some are rehave no place to turn. Much of the

Now I too seek an interest in your ligionists; some are teachers; others are literature of today describes this situaprayers and your faith, that I might influential community leaders. Their tion. Such titles as The Decline of

relate some of the things that are in cry is like the cry of old. Western Culture, The Predicament of

my heart at this hour. Many years ago on this continent one Man, The Annihilation of Man, "The

This summer I made a trip through of the great prophets of the Book of Twisted Age,""The Troubled CamArizona and California. While drivMormon, Alma, called our attention pus,"and, if you or any sincere thinking with my family across the desert to such an antiChrist in the form of ing person can imagine, a most recent

and enjoying every minute of the trip, a teacher, a philosopher, a lecturer, a edition, A Cat Called Jesus, suggest even though it was quite warm, I sudman by the name of Korihor. Let me something of the posture of presentdenly became conscious of the fact just give a brief quote from that great day western man.

that my car had lost all of its power. Book of Mormon section, which sounds Perhaps the most familiar example

For a few moments it coasted, and almost modern: "O ye that are bound of the temperament of our times comes

then at a very slight rise in the road it down under a foolish and a vain hope, from our university and college camstopped dead still. I looked at the gas why do ye yoke yourselves with such puses. Nearly every newspaper or

gauge and discovered that I had plenty foolish things? Why do ye look for a magazine one reads today has an

of fuel; the radiator temperature was Christ? For no man can know of anyarticle or report about the ferment

normal; the oil level was all right; thing which is to come. within a sizable segment of our college

and the fan belt was still in place. So "Behold, these things which ye call students. The general reaction is to

I knew that the trouble was not in an prophecies, which ye say are handed blame the colleges; and while the

overheated engine. And knowing my down by holy prophets, behold, they philosophies that are causing this fermechanical aptitude, I knew I was in are foolish traditions of your fathers. ment are often found at their greatest

for a short hike. A friendly traveler "How do ye know of their surety? height in the university environment,

took me to a phone a couple of miles Behold, ye cannot know of things and while some of the great teachers up the grade; I called a mechanic and which ye do not see; therefore ye canmust take part of the blame, the one

then had to walk back two miles to not know that there shall be a Christ."thing we sometimes fail to realize is

the car. The mechanic arrived and (Al. 30:1315.) that if the proper direction were being

almost immediately sensed the diffiNo age in history has been exempt given by the homes, communities, and, culty; he stuck the end of a very tiny from such teaching or thinking. in general, the society that produces

pin through a hole in one of the parts Gilbert Murray, in his famous dethese young people, students would in the engine, and the car was ready to scription of the mood of the Roman not be as susceptible to these false go again. A tiny speck of dirt, so small world in the first century of our era, teachings.

that it could hardly be seen by the used the phrase, "the failure of nerve."As Milton Barron has accurately

naked eye, yet sufficient to stop the This failure of nerve exhibited among stated, the problem isn't one of juvenile progress of five people for two hours, other things "a rise of asceticism, of delinquency, but of the juvenile in a cause one of us to walk two miles, mysticism, in a sense, of pessimism; a delinquent society.

and change the plans of the entire loss of selfconfidence, of hope in this Children who have grown up in a party for that night and for the rest life and faith in normal human effort; society of broken marriages and homes,

of the trip. and a despair of patient inquiry...."of slums, of false and misleading ad-

I've been thinking, since that experi- (Five Stages of Greek Religion, p. 119.) vertising, of war, and of a general

ence, that it's not only cars and care- A cursory survey of the cultural disregard for spiritual values are now free travelers, but also the work of trends of our times reveals many signs rebelling as young adults. The sad

whole institutions and the plans of of a modern failure of nerve in westand most distinguishing features of communities and nations that are ern civilization and of the antiChrists their resistance are their disillusionsometimesdirt—for ourheldpurposes,up by tinyfalsespecksphilosof izedamongin us.manyOurquartersday isbyalsopessimism,character-a mentabsencewithoftheiranyownredeemingrebellion andideals.the

ophies or untruths that thoughtless loss of selfconfidence and hope in Theirs is a rebellion, not without a and sometimes scheming people place this life, a disregard for traditional cause, but without a purpose.

in our way. For some reason or anvalues, and a largescale skepticism of It is not an unusual thing for young

other there are those who seem to feel a belief in God and in his Son Jesus people to rebel. Every new generation

94 Improvement Era the sounO way of leapninq has its rebels. But a rebellion of sad The professor further states, "But

young people with little confidence in before we succeed in building the great Everyone learns more, faster by their own rebellion is something quite society, we shall need to resolve the hearing the gospel in living sound unique. One needs only to have a doubt and bafflement about its validity

brief exposure to a university environand worth in the minds of those now ment to witness the demonstrations of in college who should serve as its The Gold Plate Edirejection against proven values. Beards, leaders. Many of the harrassed young tion of THE BOOK OF

long hair, grubby clothes, sitins, and men and women I teach, at any rate, MORMON contains ION the lack of restraint in matters of have not decided what sense, if any, 35 inspiring longrec- vinyl play gold (Ibid., their existence has."chastity,alcohol, 59.) p. are drugs merely and al- 1 ords sturdy in a

is, alienated of today ofthe that the youth need symptoms problem What cover case. and bum

selfdefinition, level, feelingat its is a deepest a spiritual a problem. most to of Reduced $57.50 It seems to me that the pessimism identity, and a sense of belonging—inand frustration of our time, particularly deed, a sense of belonging to a universe

amon<3; our students, are not due to which, at its core, is not hostile orany lack of commitment, but rather to indifferent to man's highest values, > <

the absence of a faith in anything hopes, and longings. What youth The most important

in the history this one's of today needworthy is a faith a confidence commitment. and And mm ofevents mankind presented

is faith in thingsin turn the lack of that that the matter due to most are thrilling a to by you

God, which alone gives any ultimate not at the mercy of the things that vocal recording of the meaning, value, or lasting purpose to matter least; that man is not simply NEW TESTAMENT on

man's existence or actions. an "accidental arrangement of atoms,"two volumes of 26

It is when this lack of purpose is but a child of the living God who longplayvinyl records.

found that the antiChrist makes his gives meaning and purpose to existence, Reduced to $44.95

appeal. Here is a typical statement: not only in ultimate terms but also in

"I'm less and less inclined to believe terms of the problems of the here that religion is a necessary thing."This and now. Two volumes of 29 <

is a quote from a minister of one of our The principles of the restored goslong-play vinyl recthis ords commake faiths, safest to pel are the surest, prominent a large guide to mortal made of study prehensive in college light audience Christ is the which reman. to humanity. I was JESUS CHRIST THE

cently in attendance. Within the last In that light man sees his way clearly; easy to understand )

is it rejected, this statement soul thefew months came from when and remember. of man Re- 1

college 111 in professor darkness. duced a in a person, stumbles and appeared no No to $49:95

> circulated widely true group, achieve nation succan newspaper: no campus

"Nobody believes in God. God is cess without following him who said, *Covenant Recordings are available from

local record shop or bookstore. dead. The God of the long beard "... I am the light of the world: he your

and the arm six cubits long has been that followeth me shall not walk in dead for a long time. He's stinking up darkness, but shall have the light of

the whole western world in refusing life."(John 8:12.)

to get buried."As members of The Church of Jesus

Is it any wonder that many young Christ of Latterday Saints, we bear people are confused? Thirteen years'witness to the troubled youth of today

experience in working directly on unithat God is real and that he lives, that versity and college campuses has he has concern for you and for me proven to me that these statements are and for the world, that the world is a not isolated but are quite common in moi'al order, and that man's life is the experience of college youth. Howpurposeful and meaningful.

ever, students for the most part don't We reject the inherent pessimism of learn their atheism and doctrines of humanism and fundamentalism alike;

uncertainty from the philosophies they we reject the negativism of existentialPlus a number of inspirational study in school. philosophies extension These ism as the logical

articulate atheism. a latent and unthorough-going only make We proclaimof a and"Treligious.w - recordings,a-Mna laErTmfrom $1-99a

expressed way of life that they have that "man is that he might have joy"; Please send me, without obligation, your learned all too well in the home and we therefore look upon the despair free record:3-Tl"A Voice From The Dust."

from the society that nurtured them. and melancholia of our day as abOne proiessor, in describing the connormal and unnatural. Name

dition of some of his students, said, We believe that the only real cure Address "Lacking a for sickness, this spiritual an embracing cause and which I have fervent ideology, the students'search described as a "failure of nerve,"is to City for a durable purpose is likely to bebe found in a faith that looks upon State Zip aggressive, extremist, at times as real come in partners and in: God the Price man interested of Great I am n Pearl

despairing. preinto task easily turn It can of creating better a world. And Testament Book of Mormon D New feelings subjective occupation with believe and that contributions man's we Doctrine Covenants and Q Other to Q plain egoism. as it Paradoxical sounds, that partnership real differ- a make

real the of our problem ence college youth is to authority, discover both some Wetobelievethe finalthatoutcome.the peace and hap-,

private and public that will make piness of mankind lie in the acceptance possible authentic individuality."(J. of Jesus Christ as Redeemer and Savior, Glenn Gray, Harpers, May 1965, p. 54.) and that there is "none other name CevQianT

RECORDINGS INC.

1470 South State St., Salt Lake City, Utah

December 1967 95 under heaven given among men, that in the life, death, and resurrection the many testimonies which have been whereby we [mav] be saved."(Acts of Jesus Christ, God our Father, in given of him, this is the testimony, last

4:12.) whom our faith resides, was revealed of all, which we give of him: That he

We believe that to declare this faith to the world. We believe that it is only lives!"(D&C 76:22.) And I know this

is our greatest responsibility, and for with this kind of meaning that man from the inner whisperings of the Spirit the moment it is man's greatest need. can give himself wholeheartedly and from on high, and I bear this testimony

And we bear added testimony, my courageously to the solution of our humbly and gratefully in the name of brothers and sisters, wherever you are, current problems. "And now, after Jesus Christ. Amen. o

The DiseasePACKER, Elder Boyd K.

Assistant to the Council of Profanity of the Twelve

I ask, my brethren and sisters, for how quickly we are moving. A genera- "Even so the tongue is a little meman interest in your faith and prayers tion ago writers of newspapers, editors ber, and boasteth great things....

as I continue a theme introduced by of magazines, and particularly the pro- "For every kind of beasts, and of

President Joseph Fielding Smith in his ducers of motion pictures, carefully birds, and of serpents, and of things remarks. censored profane and obscene words. in the sea, is tamed, and hath been

A number of years ago I went with All that has now changed. It betamed of mankind:

a brother to tow in a wrecked car. gan with the novel. Writers, insisting "But the tongue can no man tame;

It was a single car accident, and the that they must portray life as it is, it is an unruly evil, full of deadly car was demolished; the driver, though began to put into the mouths of their poison.

unhurt, had been taken to the hospital characters filthy, irreverent expressions. "Therewith bless we God, even the

for treatment of shock and for exThese words on the pages of books Father; and therewith curse we men,

amination. came before the eyes of all ages and which are made after the similitude of

The next morning he came asking imprinted themselves on the minds of God.

for his car, anxious to be on his way. our youth. "Out of the same mouth proceedeth

When he was shown the wreckage, Carefully (we are always led careblessing and cursing. My brethren,

his pentup emotions and disappointfully), profanity has inched and these things ought not so to be."

ment, sharpened perhaps by his misnudged and pushed its way relentlessly (Jas. 3:3-5, 7-10.)

fortune, exploded in a long stream of into the motion picture and the magaThere is something on this subject profanity. So obscene and biting were zine, and now even newspapers print I would tell young people who are

his words that they exposed years of verbatim comments, the likes of which forming the habit patterns of their practice with profanity. His words would have been considered intolerable lives. Take, for example, the young

were heard by other customers, among a generation ago. athlete and his coach. I single out the

them women, and must have touched "Why not show life as it is?"they coach, for to him, as to few others,

their ears like acid. ask. They even say it is hypocritical a boy will yield his character to be

One of my brothers crawled from to do otherwise. "If it is real,"they molded.

beneath the car, where he had been say, "why hide it? You can't censor Young athlete, it is a great thing to

working with a large wrench. He too that which is real!"aspire for a place on the team. A young

was upset, and with threatening gesWhy hide it? Why protest against man like you is willing to give anytures of the wrench (mechanics will it? Many things that are real are not thing to belong. Your coach becomes

know that a 16inch crescent wrench is right. Disease germs are real, but an ideal to you; you want his approval

a formidable weapon), he ordered the must we therefore spread them? A and to be like him. But remember, if

man off the premises. "We don't pestilent infection may be real, but that coach is in the habit of swearing,

have to listen to that kind of language ought we to expose ourselves to it? if he directs the team with profane

here,"he said. And the customer left, Those who argue that socalled "real words or corrects and disciplines the

cursing more obscenely than before. life"is license must remember that athletes with obscenities, that is a

Much later in the day he reappeared, where there's an is, there's an ought. weakness in him, not a strength. That

subdued, penitent, and avoiding everyFrequently, what is and what ought to is nothing to be admired nor to be one else; he found my brother. be are far apart. When is and ought copied. It is a flaw in his character.

"I have been in the hotel room all come together, an ideal is formed. The While it may not seem a big one,

day,"he said, "lying on the bed torreality of profanity does not argue for through that flaw can seep contaminamented. I can't tell you how utterly the toleration of it. tion sufficient to weaken and destroy

ashamed I am for what happened this Like the man in the shop, many of the finest of characters, as a disease morning. My conduct was inexcusus may never have been told how germ can lay low the wellframed,

able. I have been trying to think of serious an offense profanity can be. athletically strong, physical body.

some justification, and I can think of Ere we know it we are victims of a vile Coach, there are men in the making only one thing. In all my life, never, habit—and the servant to our tongue. on the practice field. Haven't you

not once, have I been told that my The scriptures declare: learned that when a boy wants so

language was not acceptable. I have "Behold, we put bits in the horses'much to su-'ceed, if he hasn't pleased

always talked that way. You were the mouths, that they may obey us; and you, that silence is more powerful

first one who ever told me that my we turn about their whole body. than profanity?

language was out of order.""Behold also the ships, which though While this counsel may apply to

Isn't it interesting that a man could they be so great, and are driven of other professions, I single you out, grow to maturity, the victim of such a fierce winds, yet arc they turned about coach, because of 3'our unparalleled vile habit, and never meet a protest? with a very small helm, whithersoever power of example (and perhaps beHow tolerant we have become, and the governor listeth. cause the lesson is needed).

96 Improvement Era There is no need for any of us to use less than $50.00 you can break the stand the third commandment.

profanity. Realize that you are more habit. Smile if you will, but you will "Thou shalt not take the name of

powerful in expression without it. I find it is a very practical and powerthe Lord thy God in vain; for the

give you two examples: ful device. Lord will not hold him guiltless that

Sir Winston Churchill, in his postNow, keeping in mind the statement taketh his name in vain."(Exo. 20:7.)

war account of the struggle with of President Smith, there is a comHowever common irreverence and

Nazism, introduced the most revoltpelling reason beyond courtesy or proprofanity become, they are none the ing character in recent centuries withpriety or culture for breaking such a less wrong. We teach our children

out a profane adjective. I quote: habit. Profanity is more than just so. In The Church of Jesus Christ of

"Thereafter mighty forces were untidy language, for when we profane Latterday Saints we revere his name.

adrift; the void was open, and into we relate to low and vulgar words, the We worship in his name; we love him.

that void, after a pause there strode a most sacred of all names. I wince He said: "Behold, verily, verily, I

maniac of ferocious genius, the reposiwhen I hear the name of the Lord so say unto you, ye must watch and pray tory and expression of the most used, called upon in anger, in frustraalways lest ye enter into temptation;

virulent hatreds that have ever cortion, in hatred. for Satan desireth to have you, that he

roded the human breast—Corporal This is more than just a name we may sift you as wheat.

Hitler."{Sir Winston Churchill, by deal with. This relates to spiritual "Therefore ye must always pray unto

Robert Lewis Taylor.) authority and power and lies at the the Father in my name;

Nobody needs to profane! very center of Christian doctrine. "And whatsoever ye shall ask the

You may argue that we are not all The Lord said: "Therefore, whatsoFather in my name, which is right,

Winston Churchills. Therefore, this ever ye shall do, ye shall do it in my believing that ye shall receive, benext example is within the reach of name...."(3 Ne. 27:7.) hold it shall be given unto you.

most everyone. In the Church that Jesus Christ "Pray in your families unto the

On one occasion, two of our chilestablished, all things are done in his Father, always in my name, that your dren were at odds. A fouryear-old name. Prayers are said, children are wives and your children may be

boy, irritated beyond restraint by an blessed, testimonies borne, sermons blessed."(3 Ne. 18:1921. Italics

older brother but with no vocabulary preached, ordinances performed, sacadded.)

of profanity to fall back upon, forced rament administered, the infirm The authority to use his name has out his lower lip and satisfied the anointed, graves dedicated. been restored. The disease of promoment with two words: "You ugly!"What a mockery it then becomes fanity, now in epidemic proportions,

Nobody needs to swear! when we use that sacred name prois spreading across the land, and so, in

Because of little protest, like the fanely. his name, we pray that a purity of

man in the shop, any of us may have If you need some feeling for the heart might descend upon us, for out fallen victim to the habit of profanity. seriousness of the offense, next time of the abundance of the heart the

If this has been your misfortune, I you hear such an expression or you are mouth speaketh.

know a way that you can break the tempted to use one yourself, substitute I bear to you my solemn witness habit quickly. This is what I suggest the name of your mother, or your that I know that Jesus is the Christ,

you do: 'Make an agreement with father, or your child, or your own that he lives, that this is his Church,

someone not in your family but somename. Perhaps then the insulting and that there stands at the head of this

one who works closest with you. Offer degrading implications will be borne Church a prophet of God, and I bear

to pay him $1.00 or $2.00, even $5.00, into you, to have a name you revere so that witness in the name of Jesus

each time he hears you swear. For used. Perhaps then you will underChrist. Amen. o

S. Meeting Your Goliath Elder Thomas ofMONSONthe Twelve of the Council

My brothers and sisters, the peace marshalled to march directly to the As often happened when armies that we feel in this historic tabernacle heart of Judah and the Jordan Valley. faced each other, individual champions

this morning is in stark contrast to the On the other side of the valley. King challenged others from the opposing

situation that prevailed some many Saul had drawn up his armies in forces to single combat. There was

miles from here on the 5th day of June opposition. considerable precedent for this sort of

this past year. On that day, the quiet Historians tell us that the opposing fighting; and on more than one occaair of Sinai's desert was broken as forces were about evenly matched in sion, notably during the tenure of

jet aircraft streaked toward their tarnumber and in skill. However, the Samson as judge, battles had been degets, cannons sounded, tanks lumbered, Philistines had managed to keep secret cided by individual combat.

men fought and died, women wept, their valued knowledge of smelting Now, however, the situation was children cried. The Holy Land, once and fashioning iron into formidable reversed as far as Israel was concerned,

the personal province of the Prince of weapons of war. The sound of hamand it was a Philistine who dared to

Peace, again was shattered by war. mers pounding upon anvils and the challenge all others—a veritable giant

This troubled land has witnessed sight of smoke rising skyward from of a man called Goliath of Gath. Old

much conflict; its peoples have sufmany bellows as the smiths went about accounts tell us that Goliath was ten

fered terrible trials and tribulations. the task of sharpening weapons and feet tall. He wore brass armor and a

No single battle is better remembered, fashioning new ones must have struck coat of mail. And the staff of his

however, than occurred in the Valley fear into the hearts of Saul's warriors; spear would stagger a strong man

of Elah during the year 1063 b.c. for even the most novice of soldiers merely to lift, let alone hurl. His

Along the mountains on one side, the could know the superiority of iron shield was the longest ever seen or feared armies of the Philistines were weapons to those of brass. heard of, his sword a fearsome blade.

December 1967 97 This champion from the Philistine and he will give you into our hands. The poet Alexander Pope truly decamp stood and cried unto the armies "And it came to pass, when the scribes this truth:

Israel: arose, Philistine toof are out and and drew ye come came "Why is so frightful "Vice of a monster mien,

Iset battle in that your array? a nigh hasted, not David, to meet David am to As, hated, be needs to seen; but be

Philistine, to to the servants ran the Saul? toward and ye and meet army seen Yet too oft, familiar with her

let Philistine. for achoose you, you and him man face,

his to in put 17:8.) David me."hand "And (1come Sam. down first endure, then pity, then emhis We if stone, slang challenge that took thence His a and and were bag, was he brace."

. it,.. Israelite Philistine the that the smoteoverpowered warrior, by and

then all the Philistines would become the stone sunk into his forehead; and The battle for our immortal souls is

servants to the Israelites. On the other he fell upon his face to the earth. no less important than the battle

hand, if he were victorious, the "So David prevailed over the Philisfought by David. The enemy is no

Israelites would become their slaves. tine with a sling and with a stone, less formidable, the help of Almighty

Goliath roared: "I defy the armies of and smote the Philistine, and slew God no farther away. What will our

Israel this day; give me a man, that we him...."(1 Sam. 17:4550.) action be? Like David of old, "our

may fight together."(1 Sam. 17:10.) The battle had thus been fought. cause is just."We have been placed

And so, for 40 days came the chalThe victory had been won. David upon earth not to fail or fall victim to

lenge met only by fear and trembling. emerged a national hero, his destiny temptation's snare, but rather to sucAnd all the men of Israel, when they before him. ceed. Our giant, our Goliath, must

saw the man Goliath, "fled from him Some of us remember David as a be conquered.

and were sore afraid."shepherd boy divinely commissioned by David went to the brook and careThere was one, however, who did the Lord through the prophet Samuel. fully selected five smooth stones with

not quake with fear nor run in alarm. Others of us know him as a mighty which he might meet his enemy. He

Rather, he stiffened the spine of Israel's warrior, for doesn't the record show was deliberate in his selection, for there soldiers by his piercing question of the chant of the adoring women folcould be no turning back, no second rebuke toward them: "... Is there not lowing his many victorious battles, chance—this battle was to be decisive.

a cause?... Let no man's heart fail "Saul has slain his thousands, and Just as David went to the brook, well

because of him; thy servant will go and David his ten thousands"? (1 Sam. might we go to our source of supply

fight with this Philistine."(1 Sam. 18:7.) Or perhaps we look upon him the Lord. What polished stones will

17:29, 32.) David, the shepherd boy, as the inspired poet or as one of Israel's you select to defeat the Goliath that is

had spoken. But he did not speak just greatest kings. Still others recall that robbing you of your happiness by

as a shepherd boy, for the hands of he violated the laws of God and took smothering your opportunities? May

I offer suggestions:Samuel, God's prophet, had rested that which belonged to another—the

upon his head and anointed him, and beautiful Bathsheba. He even arranged The stone of courage will be essenthe Spirit of the Lord had come upon the death of her husband, Uriah. tial to your victory. As we survey the

him. I, however, like to think of David as challenge of life, that which is easy is

Saul said to David: "Thou art not the righteous lad who had the courage rarely right. In fact, the course that we

able to go against this Philistine to and the faith to face insurmountable should properly follow at times appears fight with him: for thou art but a odds when all others hesitated, and to impossible, impenetrable, hopeless.

youth, and he a man of war from his redeem the name of Israel by facing Such did the way appear to Laman youth."(1 Sam. 17:33.) But David that giant in his life—Goliath of Gath. and Lemuel. When they looked upon

persevered and, bedecked with the Well might we look carefully into their assignment to go unto the house armor of Saul, prepared to meet the our own lives and judge our courage, of Laban and seek the records accordgiant. Realizing his helplessness so our faith. Is there a Goliath in your ing to God's command, they murgarbed, David discarded the armor, life? Is there one in mine? Does he mured, saying it was a hard thing that

took instead his staff in his hand, chose stand squarely between you and your was required of them. Thus, a lack of

five smooth stones out of the brook and desired happiness? Oh, your Goliath courage took from them their opporput them in a shepherd's bag; and with may not carry a sword or hurl a verbal tunity; and it was given to courageous

his sling in hand, he drew near to the challenge of insult that all may hear Nephi, who responded, "I will go and

Philistine. and force yOu to decision. He may not do the things which the Lord hath

All of us remember the shocked be ten feet tall, but he likely will commanded, for I know that the Lord exclamation of Goliath: "Am I a dog, appear equally as formidable, and his giveth no commandments unto the

that thou comest to me with staves?... silent challenge may shame and children of men, save he shall prepare

Come to me, and I will give thy flesh embarrass. a way for them that they may accomunto the fowls of the air, and to the One man's Goliath may be the plish the thing which he commandeth

beasts of the field."(1 Sam. 17:4344.) stranglehold of a cigarette or perhaps them."(1 Ne. 3:7.) Yes, the stone of

Then David said: "Thou comest to an unquenchable thirst for alcohol. To courage is needed.

me with a sword, and with a spear, and another, his Goliath may be an unruly Let us not overlook the stone of with a shield: but I come to thee in the tongue or a selfish streak that causes effort—mental effort and physical

name of the Lord of hosts, the God of him to spurn the poor and the downeffort.

the armies of Israel, whom thou hast trodden. "The heights by great men reached and

defied. Envy, greed, fear, laziness, doubt, kept

"This day will the Lord deliver thee vice, pride, lust, selfishness, discourageWere not obtained by sudden flight, into mine hand... that all the earth ment—all spell Goliath. But they, while their companions

may know that there is a God in The giant you face will not diminish slept.

Israel. in size or in power or strength by your Were toiling upward through the

"And all this assembly shall know vain hoping, wishing, or waiting for night."

that the Lord saveth not with sword him to do so. Rather, he increases ("Ladder of St. Augustine.")

and spear: for the battle is the Lord's, in power as his hold upon you tightens. The decision to overcome a fault or

98 Improvement Era correct a weakness is an actual step Above all else, may we ever rememwellsprings of his abundant faith he in the process of doing so. "Thrust in ber that we do not go forth alone to calmly met the. Goliath of death. "I

thy sickle with thy might"was not battle against the Goliaths of our lives. am going like a lamb to the slaughter,

spoken of missionary work alone. As David declared to Israel, so might but I am as calm as a summer's mornThen there must be in our selection we echo the knowledge, "... the battle ing. I have a conscience void of offense

the stone of humility, for haven't we is the Lord's, and he will give toward God, and toward all men."

been told through divine revelation [Goliath] into our hands."(1 Sam. Gethsemane, Golgotha, intense pain

that when we are humble, the Lord, 17:47.) and suffering beyond the comprehenour God, will lead us by the hand and The battle must be fought. Victory sion of mortal man stood between

give us answer to our prayers? cannot come by default. So it is in Jesus the Master and victory over the

And who would go forth to battle the battles of life. Life will never grave. Yet he lovingly assured us, "...

his Goliath without the stone of spread itself in an unobstructed view be of good cheer; I have overcome the

prayer, remembering that the recognibefore us. We must anticipate the world."(John 16:33.) "I go to prepare

tion of a power higher than oneself is approaching forks and turnings in the a place for you,... that where I am,

in no way debasing; rather it exalts. road. there ye may be also."(John 14:2, 3.)

Finally, let us choose the stone of. However, we cannot hope to reach And what is the significance of these

duty. Duty is not merely doing the our desired journey's end if we think accounts? Had there been no ocean,

thing we ought to do, but doing it aimlessly about whether to go east or there would have been no Columbus.

when we should, whether we like it or west. We must make our decisions No jail, no Joseph. No mob, no martyr.

not. purposefully. Our most significant opNo cross, no Christ!

Armed with this selection of five portunities will be found in times of Should there be a Goliath in our polished stones to be propelled by the greatest difficulty. lives or a giant called by any other

mighty sling of faith, we need then but The vast, uncharted expanse of the name, we need not "flee"or be "sore to take the staff of virtue to steady us; Atlantic Ocean stood as a Goliath beafraid"as we go up to battle against

and we are ready to meet the giant tween Christopher Columbus and the him. Rather we can find assurance

Goliath, wherever, and whenever, and new world. The hearts of his comand divine help in that inspired psalm

however we find him. rades became faint, their courage of David: "The Lord is my shepherd;

The stone of courage will melt the dimmed, hopelessness engulfed them; I shall not want....

Goliath of fear; the stone of effort will but Columbus prevailed with his "Yea, though I walk through the valbring down the Goliaths of indecision watchword, "Westward, ever Westley of the shadow of death, I will fear

and procrastination. And the Goliaths ward, sail on, sail on."no evil: for thou art with me...."

of pride, of envy, of lack of selfrespect Carthage jail; an angry mob with (Ps. 23:1,4.)

will not stand before the power of the painted faces; certain death faced the May this knowledge be ours, I pray,

stones of humility, prayer, and duty. Prophet Joseph Smith. But from the in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. O

Sunday Afternoon Session, October 1, 1967

God Reveals Himself Elder Marion G. ROMNEY

of the Council of the Twe/ve

Brothers and sisters, as I have sat revealed himself, I invite you to join allwise Creator of the universe...."

here on the stand through seven seswith me in a prayer that the Holy (Henry Eyring, The Faith of a sions under these intense lights for Spirit will bear witness to the truth Scientist, p. 74.)

color television, I must confess that and importance of what is said. He has further said that "in the

they have worked in me a change of The three types of proof to which I autumnof 1957, in Houston, Texas, allegiance. I have always felt that refer are first, the orderliness of the the Welch Foundation invited the top

Daniel was the hero of the Book of universe; second, the testimony of eyenuclear physicists and chemists from

Daniel, but I admit now that my witnesses; third, the witness of the all over the world to a symposium. At

sympathy is running strongly to the Holy Spirit. a dinner, twelve of the most distinthree Hebrew children who were As to the orderliness of the universe guished were seated at a table....

thrown into the fiery furnace. and its probative evidence, the Psalmist Mr. Malone, a trustee of the founda-

I would like to begin my remarks exclaimed: "The heavens declare the tion, said, 'Dr. Eyring, how many of

this afternoon by using the scripture, glory of God; and the firmament these gentlemen believe in a Supreme

referred to by President Brown this sheweth his handywork."(Ps. 19:1.) Being?'I answered, 'I don't know but

morning, which Paul spoke on Mars In 1887 the English physicist, Lord ril ask.'

Hill in Athens. As he stood among Kelvin, wrote: "If you think strongly "... twelve people were asked and

the people, he said, "Ye men of Athens, enough you will be forced by science every one said, 'I believe."All of

I perceive that in all things ye are too to the belief in God."these students of the exact sciences

superstitious. For as I passed by, and Countless scientists have confirmed two of them Nobel Prize winners

beheld your devotions, I found an altar this judgment. saw in the universal order about them

with this inscription, TO THE UNDr. Henry Eyring, our own worldevidence for a Supreme Being."(Ibid.,

KNOWN GOD. Whom therefore ye renowned scientist, has said that the p. 147.)

ignorantly worship, him declare I unto two most famous modern mathematiDr. Thomas J. Parmley, another of

you."(Acts 17:2223.) cians, Sir Isaac Newton, the Englishour own eminent scientists, has eloAs I now address you on three types man, and Carl Friederick Gauss, the quently written:

of evidence through which God has German, were both believers "in an "The moon and stars in the night

December 1967 99 sky, one hundred million suns with "... he that hath seen me hath seen a third witness, joined the Prophet in

their attendant planets, space, oceans, the Father...."(John 14:9.) this testimony concerning an experiearth and nature, the flight of a bird, Even though these testimonies of ence that they had as they bowed "in

the wonder of a flower, the intricate Jesus and the ancient prophets consolemn and silent prayer"at the puldesign and unbelievable coordination cerning the person and nature of God pit in the Kirtland Temple:

of the human body, all of these and are clear and convincing, the Lord "The veil was taken from our minds, countless other creations proclaim does not require us to rely upon them and the eyes of our understanding were the handiwork of God."("Proclaim the alone. He has never required the opened.

Handiwork of God,"The Instructor, people of one age to rely upon the "We saw the Lord standing upon

July 1967, p. 272.) records of the past alone. At the the breastwork of the pulpit, before

The Lord gave his own personal witbeginning of every dispensation he us;...

ness that the orderliness of the universe has revealed himself anew. The "His eyes were as a flame of fire;

is probative evidence of his existence, revelation which he gave of himself in the hair of his head was white like in these words: this day and which is binding upon the pure snow; his countenance shone

"The earth rolls upon her wings, us, you and me, came about in this above the brightness of the sun; and

and the sun giveth his light by day, manner: his voice was as the sound of the rushand the moon giveth her light by In the spring of 1820, disturbed by ing of great waters, even the voice of

night, and the stars also give their the conflicting claims of the contendJehovah, saying:

light, as they roll upon their wings in ing churchmen, Joseph Smith, Jun., "I am the first and the last; I am he

their glory, in the midst of the power desiring to know "which of all the who liveth, I am he who was slain;

of God. sects was right,"found privacy in a I am your advocate with the Father."

"Behold, all these are kingdoms, and grove near his home. There he kneeled (D&C 110:1-4.)

any man who hath seen any or the and called upon God in humble, ferNow the revelations that God has least of these hath seen God moving vent prayer. As he did so, a pillar of given of himself have in every age

in his majesty and power."(D&C light descended upon him from above. been intended and given for the bene88:45, 47.) "When the light rested upon me [he fit of all men, not just for those chosen

Myriads of people are persuaded by said] I saw two Personages, whose servants who received the revelation.

the universal order about them that brightness and glory defy all descripEven as he gave them, he declared:

there is a divine power, a God, presidtion, standing above me in the air. "... the voice of the Lord is unto the

ing over and controlling the universe. One of them spake unto me, calling ends of the earth, that all that will

This conclusion is correct and comme by name and said, pointing to the hear may hear."(D&C 1:11.)

forting as far as it goes, but it is not other This is My Beloved Son. Hear God has, from the beginning, seen

enough. The honest, believing, inHim!"(Joseph Smith 2:17.) fit to place a knowledge of himself

quiring soul wants to know about the Later on, the Prophet said of these within the reach of all men. We who

nature and personality of God. This "two personages": "The Father has are his present witnesses are but disvital information God has provided in a body of flesh and bones as tangible charging our responsibility when we

the testimony of the prophets, to whom as man's; the Son also."To this he bring these testimonies of the prophets

he has revealed himself. added, "but the Holy Ghost has not and our own testimonies as to the form

In Eden God revealed himself to a body of flesh and bones, but is a and nature of God to your attention.

Adam and Eve. They "carried with personage of Spirit."(D&C 130:22.) To the extent we do bring them to

them from the Garden a personal He said further: "When the Savior your attention, the responsibility passes

knowledge of"him. (James E. shall appear [and for this appearance from us to you to determine the crediTalmage, Articles of Faith, p. 30.) we are now preparing] we shall see bility of the witnesses and their testiThere they had seen, heard, and talked him as he is. We shall see that he is monies. Let no man underestimate the

with him. They knew from personal a man like ourselves."(D&C 130:1.) importance of his decision concerning

association that they were his offNor does Joseph Smith stand alone this matter. To know God and his Son

spring, created in his image. These as the only modern witness to whom Jesus Christ is life eternal. Without

truths they taught to their posterity. the Father and the Son have revealed such knowledge no man can be saved.

Noah not only learned about the themselves. Making record of an exAnd the only way to get it is to obtain

personality and nature of God from his perience that they had together, Feb- a personal witness to the truth of the father, Lamech, who had learned from ruary 16, 1832, Sidney Rigdon joined revelations which God the Father and the lips of Adam; he also "held direct with the Prophet in his magnificent Jesus Christ, his Son, have given of

communication with God, and lived testimony: themselves.

to instruct ten generations of his "By the power of the Spirit our eyes This brings us to a consideration of descendants. Then followed Abrawere opened and our understandings our third and last source of evidence

ham, who also enjoyed personal comwere enlightened, so as to see and to which I will refer: the witness of

munion with God.... Unto Moses understand the things of God—... the Holy Spirit of God—the Holy

the Lord made Himself known, not "... we beheld the glory of the Son, Ghost.

alone from behind the curtain of fire on the right hand of the Father, and The Holy Ghost is the third memand the screen of clouds, but by face received of his fulness;... ber of the Trinity. He is, as has alto face communion...."Moses be- "And now,... this is the testimony ready been said, "a personage of

held "the similitude"of God. {Ibid.,... which we give of him: That he Spirit."(D&C 130:22.) One of his

pp. 3132.) lives! functions is to bear witness of the

Jesus in his mortal ministry, being, "For we saw him, even on the right Father and the Son to the honest, beas Paul said, "the express image of hand of God; and we heard the voice lieving truth seeker.

his [Father's] person"(Heb. 1:3), was bearing record that he is the Only In harmiony with the Lord's prom-

a true and complete revelation of the Begotten of the Father."(D&C 76:12, ises, every soul who will acquaint

person and nature of God. This he 20, 2223.) himself with the testimonies of the

confirmed to Philip when he said; Some months later, Oliver Cowdery, prophets concerning God and then ask

100 Improvement Era him "in the name of Christ,... with you desire a further witness, cast your and in the waters under the earth, all

a sincere heart, with real intent, havmind upon the night that you cried give evidence that God lives; he knows

ing faith in Christ,"if these testimonies unto me in your heart, that you might that the testimonies of the prophets are true, will receive a manifestation know concerning the truth of these concerning the Father, Son, and Holy "by the power of the Holy Ghost"that things."Ghost are accurate and true. Secure in

they are true. (Moro. 10:4.) He was then trying to find out for this knowledge, his life has purpose.

It is not easy to explain to the unhimself whether or not the Prophet The gospel of Jesus Christ becomes for initiated how this witness comes. had the plates as he said he had. And him what Paul said it is: "The power

Speaking about it to Nicodemus, Jesus then the Lord continued: of God unto salvation."(Rom. 1:16.)

said: "Did I not speak to your mind conNow as for myself, the Holy Ghost

"The wind bloweth where it listeth, cerning the matter? What greater withas borne and continues to bear witness

and thou hearest the sound thereof, but ness can you have than from God?"to me that the words of the prophets

canst not tell whence it cometh, and (D&C 6:2223.) are true. I know that God lives, that

whither it goeth: so is every one that He whose desire to know the living he is my Father, and that Jesus Christ

is born of the Spirit."(John 3:8.) God is strong enough to induce him to is my Redeemer and that he spoke the

In 1829, the Lord gave this explanafollow the prescribed course can and truth when he said:

tion to Oliver Cowdery as to how the will get the witness for himself. And "It shall come to pass that every

witness of the Spirit comes: then he will understand what the Lord soul who forsaketh his sins and cometh

"Behold, you have not understood; was saying in these scriptures. Howunto me, and calleth on my name, and

you have supposed that I would give ever, he who does not so seek will obeyeth my voice and keepeth my it unto you, when you took no thought never understand these revelations, nor commandments, shall see my face and save it was to ask me. the revelations which God has given of know that I am."(D&C 93:1.)

"But, behold, I say unto you, that himself. Now this testimony, my brethren

you must study it out in your mind; One who receives the witness of the and sisters, I bear unto you in the name

then you must ask me if it be right, Holy Ghost has a sure knowledge that of the Lord, Jesus Christ, and in the and if it is right I will cause that your God lives; that he is our Father in authority of the holy apostleship which

bosom shall burn within you; therefore, heaven; that Jesus Christ is our Elder I hold, and I tell you it will be binding

you shall feel that it is right."(D&C Brother in the spirit and the Only upon you. God grant that the Holy

9:7-8.) Begotten of the Father in the flesh, Spirit may bear witness of the truth

On another occasion, he said to our Savior and Redeemer. Such a one of the testimonies of the prophets, my

Oliver Cowdery: knows that the universal order in the own included, I pray in Jesus'name.

"Verily, verily, I say unto you, if heavens above, in the earth beneath, Amen. o

Constitutional Government: Elder ElRay L CHRISTIANSEN

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve A Divine Principle

My brothers and sisters: The destiny of this form of government is that the tion that God inspired the indicting of

of America can be realized and the foundation of all law, power, and authat document, the Constitution bework of the Lord can be accomplished thority is derived from the will of comes sacred scripture to me. It is the

only through the exercising of the the people. greatest political heritage ever beguarantees given us in the ConstituSuch a government is based upon a queathed by fathers to their posterity.

tion of the United States. written constitution, which provides God grant that we may preserve it."

As part of an official declaration for three divisions of government: the ("Gratitude for our Heritage,"pp. 9-

setting forth the belief of The Church legislative, the executive, and the 10.)

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in judicial, each independent of the And the Lord himself has declared relation to civil power, we may read others, having certain powers within that "it is not right that any man the following in the Doctrine and prescribed limitations through a "builtshould be in bondage one to another.

Covenants: in"system of checks and balances, in And for this purpose have I established

"We believe that governments were order that the rights and freedoms of the Constitution of this land, by the instituted of God for the benefit of the people may be insured. hands of wise men whom I raised up

man; and that he holds men accountThe leaders of The Church of Jesus unto this... purpose...."(D&C

able for their acts in relation to them, Christ of Latterday Saints have taught 101:7980.) And he said that it

both in making laws and administerits members ever since its organiza- "should be maintained for the...

ing them, for the good and safety of tion to honor and respect the Constituprotection of all flesh...."(D&C

society.... tion of the United States as well as 101:77.)

"We believe that all men are bound the men who brought it forth and who Thus, under the guidance of the to sustain and uphold the respective were patriots indeed! Lord was established a government

governments in which they reside, Joseph Smith described the constitubased upon a written constitution in while protected in their inherent and tion as a "heavenly banner,"a "gloriwhich were set forth the laws whereby inalienable rights by the laws of such ous standard."its citizens were to maintain their

governments; and that sedition and One of our great international lawfreedom, freedom for us

rebellion are unbecoming every citizen yers. President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

thus protected, and should be punished at one time declared: To live.

accordingly "(D&C 134:1, 5.) "... Out of the depths of eternal To pray and worship,

As you know, the government of the truth was born the Constitution of the To work,

United States is a republic. The genius United States.... It is my convicTo own property,

December 1967 101 To keep and bear arms, ing of and appreciation for the princilightly."

To educate our children, ples that make their liberty and We need not fear invasions from

To assemble together, freedom possible. without, so long as we as a nation and

To be tried by a jury, 2. They should be taught as well as a people understand and uphold

To speak without fear of being cast what their personal obligations will be the Constitution of the United States, into jail, when they become mature citizens of and reject not the God of the land who

To go where we choose and do as we the United States. is Jesus Christ. But if we permit ourwish, so long as we do not jeopardize 3. Wc must see to it that they selves to forget God, we have no

the rights, the welfare, and the safety learn the factual history of our promise!

of others. country. Moved upon by the Holy Spirit, the

Doubtless in all the world there is 4. They must be made to recognize Prophet Lehi prophesied this regarding

no document to compare with this and resist the constantly fomented America:

"heavenly banner,"this "glorious ideologies that threaten the very life "Wherefore, this land is consecrated standard,"the Constitution of the of our republic, the individual liberunto him whom he shall bring. And

United States! ties of our people, and the Godgiven if it so be that they shall serve him

But in any society, good government heritage of freedom. One of the greataccording to the commandments which

can be had only if administered by est contributions of a free people is to he hath given, it shall be a land of good men, selected by good citizens. transmit that freedom to their children. liberty unto them; wherefore, they

To be a good citizen, we should We must remember that reverence shall never be brought down into caplearn for ourselves what is set forth for and obedience to law should begin tivity; if so, it shall be because of

in the constitution. This knowledge in the home. President David O. iniquity; for if iniquity shall abound

can be obtained only through indiMcKay has warned that "no greater cursed shall be the land for their vidual study of the document itself. immediate responsibility rests upon the sakes, but unto the righteous it shall

We must not only study it, but we members of the Church, upon all citibe blessed forever."(2 Ne. 1:7. Italics

must also guard it. It was Daniel zens of this Republic, and of neighadded.)

Webster who uttered these prophetic boring Republics, than to protect the What a simple recipe for peace and words: "Watchful guardianship over freedom vouchsafed by the Constitusafety in this choice land!

the Constitution is the proper means tion of the United States."(The ImLike the patriots of old who, under

for its support...."provement Era, May 1950, p. 378.) extreme difficulties and discourageIn addition to the love of God and In the face of the conditions as they ments, hammered out our constitution,

the love of our neighbor and, as Jesus are today, it seems imperative that may we say of that inspired document:

said, the love of our enemies, there individuals develop loyalty to their "And for the support of this...

should be found in each of us a love country and responsibility for their with a firm reliance upon the protecof our country and of the constitution own behavior. Such attributes are tion of Divine Providence, we mutually

which binds it together. ideally based on knowledge, which pledge to each other our lives, our

It is the obligation of parents to acrequires deliberate effort to obtain. fortunes, and our sacred honor."

quaint their children with this great Thomas Paine, one of the early (Declaration of Independence.)

document: patriots, reminded us that "what we I pray in the name of Jesus Christ.

1. That they may have understandobtain too cheap, we esteem too Amen. o

Elder HenryTAYLOR, D. "Be Ye Therefore Perfect 5? Council of Assistant to the the Twelve

As the Savior went up into a mounthis natural development.n these a mortal mother, through whom he

tain, a great multitude followed him, words: "And I, John, saw that he reinherited the capacity to be tempted,

absorbing with eagerness his profound ceived not of the fulness at the first, to suffer, and to die. The apostle

and divine teachings. Among his inbut received grace for grace... until Paul testified: "Though he were a Son,

structions was this interesting chalhe received a fulness."(D&C 93:12yet learned he obedience by the things

lenge: "Be ye therefore perfect, even as 13.) which he suffered;

your Father which is in heaven is When he was but 12 years of age, "And being made perfect, he beperfect."(Matt. 5:48.) That same Jesus realized that he was the son of came the author of eternal salvation

counsel to strive to become perfect a divine father. When Joseph and unto all them that obey him."(Heb.

applies to the followers of the Lord Mary, his mother, found him con- 5:8-9.)

today, as well as it did to those in the versing with the wise men in the With the Lord Jesus as an example, meridian of time. temple and mildly chided him because we should desire and attempt to patFor mortal man, with all his limitaof their concern, he replied: "... wist tern our lives after his and follow his

tions and weaknesses, to achieve perye not that I must be about my teachings in our quest for perfection.

fection might seem impossible, but the Father's business?"(Luke 2:49.) Yet What were his characteristics?

Savior's admonition, given on several the full comprehension of the purpose Though they are many, time will perdifferent occasions, would indicate of his earthly mission developed within mit mentioning but a few:

that such a worthy goal is attainable. him only as he progressed step by step First, he was kind and forgiving.

We recognize that the Savior in unfolding experience and wisdom. When a woman accused of a sinful

achieved perfection. However, it was Perfection came to Jesus through act was brought before him, he faced

a gradual and continuing process, exmany experiences, which involved her accusers with the challenge: "...

tending from childhood to maturity. trials and sorrows. Although begotten He that is without sin among you, let

John, the beloved apostle,-, attests to of an immortal father, he was born of him first cast a stone at her."(John

102 Improvement Era Sound of Joy 8:7.) As he bent down to write upon By Beverly Trickett, age 14

the ground, her consciencestricken accusers slunk away. When he raised Silence is a child's room Silence is the sound

his head, he noted that only the Without a child's cry. Of a crippled child's feet.

remained. asked: her he Ofwoman is they feel, joyous But the way is child Silence a lonely

are those thine acwhere"Women, all children meet. these When can't thee?cusers? hath or 'tohy. ask "ivho"condemned no man Who

the replace frowns, smiles said, Lord. "She man, No And Silence is a frightened child For tears. her. said unto NeitherJesus wash do I conaway the And

demn thee: go, and sin no more."Who only sees the dark. And the joyous sound that fills their

8:1011.)(John

"The woman was repentant; she Silence is what a deaf child hears hearts,

remained humbly awaiting the MasWhen he sees a lark. Is silence to our ears.

ter's decision, even after her accusers had gone. Jesus did not expressly condone; He declined to condemn; but he was asked to tread was neither but a spiritual agony of soul such as

He sent the sinner away with a solemn smooth nor easy; it was filled with only God was capable of experiencing.

[admonition and encouragement to temptations and afflictions. Realizing No other man, however great his

live] a better life."(James E. Talmage, that his betrayal was near, he went powers of physical or mental endurJesus The Christ, p. 406.) to Gethsemane, an olive orchard on the ance, could have suffered so; for his

When the Savior hung on the cross, slope of Mt. Olivet, accompanied by human organism would have suche again taught a powerful lesson in the remaining 1 1 of his apostles. Eight cumbed, and syncope would have proforgiveness. As his body was wracked of them stopped near the garden duced unconsciousness and welcome

withfixion—onethe excruciatingof the mostpain inhuman,of crucientrance;Peter, James,and andat theJohnSavior'scontinuedrequest,on oblivion.Christ metIn andthat overcamehour of allanguishthe

execution—helingering, andevidencedtorturousno maliceforms toof within a him.designatedHe suggestedplace, thatand theythenwaithe horrorsworld'thatcouldSatan,inflict.'the Theprincefrightfulof this

ward his tormentors, but mercifully went on a little farther by himself. struggle incident to the temptations

prayed: "Father, forgive them; for they He soon found, to his amazement, that immediately following the Lord's bapknow not what they do...."(Luke his soul had become heavy and sortism was surpassed and overshadowed

23:34.) rowful. As he fell on his face and by this supreme contest with the

Among the impressive qualities of prayed, his human qualities became powers of evil.

our Lord was his concern for the commanifest. He pleaded: "O my Father, "In some manner, actual and terfort and wellbeing of others. Upon if it be possible, let this cup pass from ribly real though to man incompreone occasion the people were so intent me: nevertheless not as I will, but as hensible, the Savior took upon Himself

on hearing his inspiring words and thou wilt."(Matt. 26:39.) the burden of the sins of mankind

witnessing the miraculous healings he Again and again he implored the from Adam to the end of the world."

performed that they remained in the Father with the same yearning en- (Jesus The Christ, p. 613.)

wilderness, oblivious to the passing treaty. Then an angel appeared to Perhaps the sweetest attribute in the

hours. Evening was drawing nigh. strengthen him. But not even the life of Christ was love. Throughout

Jesus realized that the people were presence of this heavenly being could his life he constantly displayed strong hungry, and turning to Philip, one of dispel the torment of his soul. The affection and respect for his mother.

the Twelve, he asked: "... Whence historian Luke, commenting on his This tender concern was demonstrated

shall we buy bread, that these may suffering, says: "And being in an agony as he hung on the cross and gazed

eat?"(John 6:5.) he prayed more earnestly; and his down upon her as she stood weeping

Andrew, who was standing nearby, sweat was as it were great drops of beside John, his beloved associate.

remarked that there was a lad present blood falling down to the ground."First he spoke to Mary, saying:

who possessed five barley loaves and (Luke 22:44.) "Woman, behold thy son!"and then

two small fish. Jesus suggested that Concerning this acute distress, a to John he said: "Behold thy mother!

the people seat themselves in groups of former member of the Twelve in these..."(John 19:2627.) The disciple

fifties and hundreds. It was deterdays has observed: tenderly led the griefstricken mother

mined that about 5,000 men were "Christ's agony in the garden is unaway from her dying son, and took there, in addition to women and fathomable by the finite mind, both as her into his own home to care for and children. The Master took the loaves to intensity and cause. The thought protect her.

and fishes, looked toward heaven, that He suffered through fear of death Shortly after this, Jesus exclaimed in pronounced a blessing upon the food, is untenable. Death to Him was pre- a loud voice of holy triumph: "It is

and divided the provisions among the liminary to resurrection and triumphal finished..."(John 19:30), and then,

apostles, who distributed them to the return to the Father from whom He addressing his Father, he said: "Father,

people. When all had feasted to their had come, and to a state of glory even into thy hands I commend my

entire satisfaction, there remained 12 beyond what He had before possessed; spirit...."(Luke 23:46.) Bowing his

baskets filled with the surplus. and, moreover, it was within His power head, he voluntarily gave up his life.

The Savior was modest. When perto lay down His life voluntarily. He Having been begotten of an imforming miraculous healings, he often struggled and groaned under a burden mortal sire, Jesus possessed as a

requested that the person made whole such as no other being who has lived heritage the power to withstand death should tell no one. on earth might even conceive as posindefinitely. He literally and really

Again, the Savior was loyal—loyal sible. It was not physical pain, nor gave up his life. It was not taken

to his trust and to his mission, even mental anguish alone, that caused Him from him.

though it involved intense anguish of to suffer such torture as to produce an We regard the Lord as our everlastboth body and spirit. The path that extrusion of blood from every pore; ing pattern and example. May we

December 1967 103 then progressively develop within us Recent personal events have brought are not your thoughts, neither are your those traits exemplified by him: kindto me a greater appreciation for the ways my ways, saith the Lord.

ness, unselfishness, forgiveness, modlife and the atoning sacrifice of the "For as the heavens are higher than esty, loyalty, obedience, and love—the Savior. the earth, so are my ways higher than

forgetting of ourselves to think of I am so grateful for the knowledge your ways, and my thoughts than your others—to the end that we, too, may and assurance that family ties do exthoughts."(Isa. 55:8-9.)

from our experiences and sufferings tend beyond this mortal existence and God did not receive his ways and become perfect and be privileged to reach into the eternities. To this I his thoughts, his gospel plan of salvadwell with him in the presence of our bear witness in the name of the Lord tion and eternal life from man. The

Father in heaven. Jesus Christ. Amen. o gospel plan was created before the

foundations of this world were laid.

his thoughts from and his ways God Man in But man may by obedience receive life. of and his plan

Jesus gave another key to perfection said, "... seek ye first theBROCKBANK, Eider Bernard P. theImage when he

Assistant kingdom of God, and his righteousness.

to the Council..."(Matt. 6:33.)

of the Twelve is another type of righteousof God There ness on this earth, and the Lord spoke of it when he spoke to the Pharisees,

Brothers and sisters: Just prior to the in heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) "... except your righteousness shall

ascension of the Lord, he gave counIt is also a challenge to master one's exceed the righteousness of the scribes sel to teach them "to observe all things self, to choose right over wrong, to and Pharisees, ye shall in no case enter whatsoever I have commanded you: choose first the kingdom of God and into the kingdom of heaven."(Matt.

and, lo, I am with you alway, even his righteousness over evil. When we 5:20.)

unto the end of the world."(Matt. choose right over wrong, we have made We have been counseled by Jesus

28:20.) That includes the counsel the perfect choice. Choosing God's Christ and his apostles not to accept

and the teaching that we should give righteousness is a commandment that is false doctrines of men and false ways today. possible to live. But sometimes we of men that have a form of godliness

It is rather interesting how the theme knowingly choose wrong over right. but deny the power thereof. False

of this session follows in line with Jesus said relative to the purpose of doctrines create darkness in the human many of the thoughts that I have to this life: "... this is life eternal, that mind and in this life, but the Lord's

give. There will be some repetition they might know thee the only true doctrines and ways create light and

of scriptures. They are good and they God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast eternal hope and eternal life.

bear repetition. sent."(John 17:3.) This is a great The apostle John said, "... God is

One of the most valuable passages goal given by the Master himself: to light, and in him is no darkness at

of scripture is found in the very first know the Creator and to know God. all.

chapter of the Old Testament: "And Knowing this passage of divine "If we say that we have fellowship

God said. Let us make man in our truth does not eliminate the dedication with him, and walk in darkness, we

image, after our likeness:... So God and effort required to obtain the lie, and do not the truth:

created man in his own image, in the knowledge to know the Father and the "But if we walk in the light, as he image of God created he him; male Son. The Savior was sent to this is in the light, we have fellowship one

and female created he them."(Gen. earth to teach his plan and to set an with another, and the blood of Jesus

1:2627.) This scripture is wellknown example for all others to follow, as Christ his Son cleanseth us from all

by many, but not comprehended by has been mentioned. He said, "... I sin."(John 1:5-7.)

many, when you take the world as a am the way, the truth, and the life: There is no greater blessing that

whole. no man cometh unto the Father, but can come to man than to walk in the

To know that we were created in by me."(John 14:6.) There is no way and in the light and truth of

the image and likeness of God is imother way. Only through our mediator Jesus Christ.

portant knowledge and a great blessJesus Christ and his gospel plan can In contrast, when anyone creates his ing, and it is a challenge to know and anyone know God and return to the own light for this life, he stumbles and to do the will of the Creator. I find kingdom of heaven. finds voids of despair and darkness

that many of the Lord's children never We have been warned to avoid false and depression.

learn the important truth that they doctrines and manmade philosophy. The following statement by Jesus

are created in the image and likeness The apostle Paul said, "Beware lest has great purpose and meaning: "I am

of God. any man spoil you through philosophy the light of the world: he that followWhen God created man, he created and vain deceit, after the tradition of eth me shall not walk in darkness but

a holy temple, his masterpiece. men, after the rudiments of the world, shall have the light of life."(John

The apostle Paul said, "Know ye and not after Christ."(Col. 2:8.) Our 8:12.)

not that ye are the temple of God, lives should be patterned after the This is a promise from the Lord and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in Messiah's. himself that if we follow him, we shall

you? If any man defile the temple of Because we are in the image and not walk in darkness but shall have the

God, him shall God destroy; for the likeness of God, we can sometimes light of life. This light is more protemple of God is holy, which temple become selfsufficient and foolishly found and of greater power on the

ye are."(1 Cor. 3:1617.) The holy follow our own ways or the ways of human soul than the brilliant rays of

body is sacred. men and the ways of this world. the noonday sun. One can feel this

Jesus said of man, "Be ye therefore The Lord said, and I quote from the light in the mind and in the divine perfect, even as your Father which is great prophet Isaiah, "For my thoughts nature, the very essence of life. One

104 Improvement Era can also see this light in the character works of the flesh are manifest, which "Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers and countenance of all those who walk are these. Adultery, fornication, unof pleasures more than lovers of God;

and act and serve in the light of the cleanness, lasciviousness, "Having a form of godliness, but

Savior. "Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, varidenying the power thereof; from such

All that have the light and truth of ance, emulations, wrath, strife, sediturn away."(2 Tim. 3:1-5.)

Jesus Christ have been asked to "let tions, heresies, We see today these prophecies and your light so shine before men, that "Envyings, murders, drunkenness, many others being fulfilled.

they may see your good works, and revellings,... they which do such We have been counseled and we

glorify your Father which is in things shall not inherit the kingdom must be careful in this life not to heaven."(Matt. 5:16.) The light of God."(Gal. 5:1921.) love pleasure and the creations of this

should be turned on with full glory, There is no entrance into the kingworld more than God. Because of the

with full radiance, with happiness, dom of God for those who are accountgreed and interests in this great mortal and with a countenance of glory. able, unless they use the principles of life and world, we have been given the

The Lord has promised us great repentance. Repentance is God's law greatest and most important of all

blessings if we will be obedient to his to purify the human soul to greater laws and commandments. The first

laws and commandments and radiate selfcontrol and to perfection. Growth great commandment (and it has been

and teach to others the light of eternal in God's righteousness comes from the mentioned here many times) was life. In the Lord's plan, the gospel principle of repentance and must be given by the Savior himself. "...

plan of salvation must be taught by used for eternal progression. thou shaft love the Lord thy God with

his mortal children. Jesus started his ministry saying, all thy heart, and with all thy soul,

To know the Lord is to love the "Repent ye: for the kingdom of heaven and with all thy mind, and with all

Lord. Jesus said, "He that hath my is at hand."(Matt. 3:2.) Every living thy strength: this is the first comcommandments, and keepeth them, he soul needs to master the use of the mandment."(Mark 12:30.)

it is that loveth me: and he that principle of repentance. It requires desire, effort, and genuine

loveth me shall be loved of my Father, We live in the dispensation of the love and practice to live this first comand I will love him, and will manifest fullness of times; we have been counmandment.

myself to him."(John 14:21.) A great seled and warned by all the prophets, When one keeps and lives this compromise by the Lord himself. apostles, and the Savior himself of the mandment, he finds little love left

"I, the Lord, am bound when ye do evils and the conspiring of men in the for Satan and for the uninspired what I say; but when ye do not what last days and that even Satan himself philosophies of men.

I say, ye have no promise."(D&C will be transformed to appear as an When this commandment is built

82:10.) When we follow the counsel angel of light to deceive those who into one's life and character, he feels

and doctrines of men, we are only enfail to follow Jesus Christ. and finds eternal purpose and a desire

titled to the rewards and blessings of Here is a great warning by the to return after death and the resurmen. apostle Paul: "This know also, that in rection to the kingdom of heaven and

The Lord has promised that if we the last days perilous times shall come. to be with God the Eternal Father

will humble ourselves in his sight, he "For men shall be lovers of their and with our Savior, Jesus Christ.

will lift us up. "... If ye continue in own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, Brethren and sisters, may love for

my word, then are ye my disciples blasphemers, disobedient to parents, our Heavenly Father and our Savior indeed; And ye shall know the truth, unthankful, unholy, be strengthened in our own hearts and

and the truth shall make you free.""Without natural affection, trucein the minds and hearts of those whom

(John 8:3132.) breakers, false accusers, incontinent, we serve, and our neighbors, I pray

The light and truth that come from fierce, despisers of those that are good, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen, o

obedience to the will of God bring eternal happiness and eternal glory.

President McKay said, "Happiness is the end and design of life. Happiness is a state of the spirit and an Looking

attitude of the mind. Man's sucElder Franklin i).RICHARDS

failure,cess or happiness... or misery, Assistantdepends upon what he seeks and what Ahead to the Council

he chooses."(Secrets of a Happy Life, of the Twelve

p. 171.) The full and abundant life is built around true happiness. True happiPresident McKay, my dear brothers forth unto the ends of the earth, as the

ness comes from the light of divine and sisters and friends, I am grateful stone which is cut out of the mountain righteousness built into the character to be with you. I have been inspired without hands shall roll forth, until it

of those who follow Jesus Christ. Joy by the words of our beloved Prophet has filled the whole earth."(D&C

and happiness come from God, and as well as my brethren. The beautiful 65:2.) "Wherefore, may the kingdom

unhappiness comes from Satan. Satan music and prayers have likewise conof God go forth, that the kingdom of

and his legions are at work on this tributed to the wonderful spirit that heaven may come...."(D&C 65:6.)

earth. has attended each session of this conOur mission is here defined as being

The world today is full of unhappiference. Truly the Spirit of the Lord worldwide in preparation of the comness. The apostle Paul gives a few of has been with us. ing of our Lord and Savior Jesus

the causes of unhappiness and misery, In a revelation given to the Prophet Christ, and in fulfilling our mission, and each is inspired by Satan. We Joseph Smith, the Lord revealed that the Church is fast becoming a worldmust avoid the evils and pitfalls of "the keys of the kingdom of God are wide organization.

the flesh. Paul mentioned several of committed unto man on the earth, In 1947, as the saints were celethe great evils of the flesh. "Now the and from thence shall the gospel roll brating the one hundredth anniverDecember 1967 105

sary of the entrance of the Mormon gospel are eternal and do not change. atmosphere of peace and communion

pioneers into the Sah Lake Valley, However, the methods used in bringwith God, spirituality is nurtured and

President George Albert Smith ading the gospel to the attention of God's developed. Love and prayer are indressed a communication to the memchildren and administering the affairs volved in every doctrine and activity

Ahead—Intobers of the Churcha NewentitledCentury"Lookingof ofmustthebeChurchgeared toonthea ageworldwidein whichbasiswe ofarethestronggospelinfluencesof Jesus Christ,in developingand they

Growth and Development."In this live. The patterns of 1920 or 1947 are spirituality.

article he stated: inadequate for today's worldwide reThe second item involved in one's

"I assure every man and woman of sponsibilities. preparation is the development of

the Church that you have a great obLooking forward to an enormous infaith.

ligation to spread the word of the Lord crease in membership and operating Orson Pratt, in his treatise on "The abroad and to carry the truth to every on a worldwide basis, we see great True Faith,"said, "This [faith] is not land and clime so that the power of challenges, opportunities, and responsian abstract principle, separate and disthe Priesthood will be made manifest bilities. Our great need is leaders, and tinct from mind, but it is a certain

among our Father's children in many our greatest challenge is to develop condition or state of mind itself."

places where it has never yet even them. Thus we see that faith is a state of

been heard of. As I go about the Church, one of mind or attitude, an affirmative and

"You men of the Church have this the most frequent questions asked me positive attitude. Yes, the attitude of

responsibility and as one of your numis: "How do you motivate and inspire success. A leader must make up his

ber, I would like to say that we people to accept and discharge their mind to succeed in his assignment. He

cannot let our own personal affairs responsibilities?"This question is presmust be affirmative in his thinking

stand in the way.... ent in every area of life's activities. and his speech.

"That is the spirit of the Gospel How is a mighty important word in Remember, however, that faith withof Jesus Christ. Great is the joy that our vocabulary and is often linked out works is dead and that this is incomes into the hearts of the men and to the word know. Thus knowhow deed a gospel of work. Let us develop

women, who devote themselves to dofrequently becomes the key to answerfaith in ourselves; we are spirit chiling what our Heavenly Father desires ing the question "How?"dren of God the Eternal Father, and as

of them, and great will be their hapTo be able to inspire and motivate, we magnify our callings, by doing our piness as they participate in the new one must set a good example. He must part, God will make us equal to every

era of growth and development that possess leadership ability. And one task.

lies ahead for the Church as we look can learn to be a leader as he learns The third step in building leadership forward into a new century of proother things in life. How then does ability is to acquire knowledge.

gress."("Church News,"December 20, one develop the knowhow to be a The Lord has revealed to us that "it

1947. Italics added.) successful leader? is impossible for a man to be saved

We are now 20 years into this new In my opinion, he must first prepare in ignorance"(D&C 131:6), and we

era of growth and development, and himself. This preparation involves: are saved no faster than we gain

growth and development mean change. the development of spirituality, the knowledge.

We must not resist change, as we development of faith, and the acquisi- A successful leader must possess believe that God "will yet reveal many tion of knowledge. knowledge about any matter in which

great and important things pertaining For a moment let us consider this he desires to interest others. I thereto the Kingdom of God."(Ninth formula for developing leadership fore encourage you to study the gospel

Article of Faith.) ability. regularly and particularly the four

Anthropologists tell us that if we First, the development of spirituality: standard works of the Church. Become

were to construct an imaginary graph Shortly after the Church was organized familiar with subjects in areas of acof the growth of human knowledge, the Lord requested the elders to tivity in which you must supervise, the bar representing everything man "sanctify yourselves and ye shall be inspire, and motivate people.

knew up to the steam age would be endowed with power, that you may To a very large extent, then, the about three inches high. A second bar, give even as I have spoken."(D&C knowhow to become a successful

representing the gain in knowledge 43:16.) How do we sanctify ourselves? leader and be able to motivate and

from the steam engine to the atomic By keeping God's commandments. inspire people to accept and discharge

bomb, would be about 15 inches high. Let us quickly consider just two of their responsibilities in the Church or

But a third bar, representing the God's commandments that contribute elsewhere is based upon the developknowledge gained from the atomic age to the development of spirituality. In ment of spirituality, faith, and the

to the present, would have to be higher answering the question, "What shall acquisition of knowledge.

than the Washington Monument! I do to inherit eternal life,"the Savior We all need goals and objectives to

This powerful illustration points answered, "... love the Lord thy God accomplish, and I challenge each and

up the rapidity of change in our time. with all thy heart, and with all thy every member of the Church to develop

The Spirit of the Lord is truly being soul, and with all thy strength, and his Godgiven leadership abilities.

poured out upon the face of the earth. with all thy mind; and thy neighbour I am thankful that I am privileged

This is in fulfillment of prophecy. as thyself."(Luke 10:27.) to live at this time when the gospel

Since 1947 tremendous changes have We evidence our love of God and of in its fullness has been restored and in occurred in transportation, communicaour neighbors as we serve them, and this new era of growth and develoption, electronic equipment, and many the Church offers many opportunities, ment when great changes are occurring.

other areas. The Church has been such as home teaching, Sunday School The importance of this dispensation

quick to utilize the jet airplane, teleteaching, passing the sacrament, and was indicated in the first vision of vision, radio, shortwave broadcasting, missionary work. the Prophet Joseph Smith, when our

and electronic equipment in building Prayer is another essential element. Father in heaven personally introduced

a worldwide organization. The Savior instructed his disciples to the Savior to the Prophet by saying,

True, the basic principles of the "pray always."(Luke 21:36.) In the "This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"

106 Improvement Era (Joseph Smith 2:17.) dynamic yet realistic way of life. It what our Heavenly Father desires of

I bear witness to you that God the offers involvement and expression for them, and great will be their happiness

Father and his Son Jesus Christ, our all. When you stop to consider it, as they participate in the new era of

Redeemer, do live. every program of the Church is aimed.growth and development that lies

Likewise, I testify without equivocaat the development of character and ahead for the Church...."

tion that Joseph Smith was a prophet leadership. Truly as we serve in this May we appreciate the great priviof God and that we are blessed to great cause we will see "the stone lege of living at this time. May we

have a prophet at the head of the which is cut out of the mountain withdevelop our leadership abilities and

Church today, our beloved President out hands, roll forth until it fills the become a vital part of this great worldDavid O. McKay. May the Lord bless whole earth."wide Church. May we think big as we

and sustain him in every way. Let me again repeat the words of assume our opportunities to serve, and

Today, as a worldwide Church, The President George Albert Smith who, may we receive the great joy and hapChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterday in 1947, said, "Great is the joy that piness and growth and development

Saints has a tremendous appeal to comes into the hearts of men and that come through such service, I pray young and old alike because it is a women who devote themselves to doing in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen, o

Our Responsibility to President David O. McKAY

President of the Church Contribute to a Better Life (Read by his son Robert R. McKay).

As this great conference draws to a The Savior set us the example—alThere is a natural feeling which urges

close, I bear testimony that our anticiways calm, always controlled, radiating men and women toward truth; it is

pations, our hopes, and our prayers that something which people could feel as a responsibility placed upon mankind.

it might prove to be uplifting and inthey passed. Remember the woman That responsibility rests upon members

spirational have been realized. May who touched his garment? The Savior of the Church in a greater degree than

there come into everyone's heart, and felt something go from him—that radiupon their fellowmen.

into all our homes, the true spirit of ation which is divine. There is no one great thirig that we

Christ, our Redeemer, whose reality, Each individual soul has that divine can do to obtain eternal life, and it whose inspiring guidance I know to radiation. The body is only the house seems to me that the great lesson to be

be real. in which we live. God help us to learned in the world today is to apply

The gospel is our anchor. We know radiate strength, control, love, charity in the little acts and duties of life

what it stands for. If we live it, feel (which is another name for love), the glorious principles of the gospel.

it, and bear record to the world by the consideration, and best wishes for all Let us not think that because some way we live, we will contribute to its human beings. We should do what of the things we have heard durgrowth and upbuilding. Speak well of we can to produce peace and harmony, ing this conference may seem small

it, of the priesthood, of the Authorities; no matter what we may suffer. and trivial, they are unimportant. Life,

let the standards of the gospel radiate We leave this conference today with after all, is made up of little things.

in our lives. greater responsibility than ever beOur life, our being, physically is made

We cannot go from this great confore—as men of the priesthood, as up here of little heartbeats. Let that

ference without an added responsibility women of the Church, and as the little heart stop beating, and life in to contribute to a better life around us. youth who are the leaders of tomorrow this world ceases.

As individuals, we must think nobler—to make our homes such as will The great sun is a mighty force in

thoughts. We must not encourage vile radiate to our neighbors harmony, love, the universe, but we receive the blessthoughts or low aspirations. We shall community duties, loyalty. ings of its rays because they come to us

radiate them if we do. If we think And what is the responsibility which as little beams, which, taken in the

noble thoughts, if we encourage and rests upon every member of the aggregate, fill the whole world with cherish noble aspirations, there will Church? Read the 107th section of the sunlight.

be that radiation when we meet peoDoctrine and Covenants, and there The dark night is made pleasant by ple, especially when we associate with find enumerated the duties of the the glimmer of what seem to be little them. various organizations of the priesthood. stars; and so the true Christian life is

The gospel finds its greatest expresIn the 99th verse, we find the folmade up of little Christlike acts persion in the individual. It finds exlowing: formed this hour, this minute, in the

pression in the home, as we have heard "Wherefore, now let every man home, in the priesthood quorum, in in this conference. Our homes radiate learn his duty, and to act in the office the organization, in the town, wherwhat we are, and that radiation comes in which he is appointed, in all diliever our life and acts may be cast.

from what we say and how we act in gence."In an article written at 88 years of

the home. No member of this Church Two principles in that admonition age by Dr. Harry Emerson Fosdick,

—husband, father, or child—has the stand out as the duty of the officers to New York City's Riverside Church

right to utter an oath in his home or whom this revelation was given: first, minister, author of 35 books, andever to express a cross word to his wife to learn—to know what one's duty is; known nationwide for his Sunday

or to his children or to parents. We and second, to act in all diligence in broadcasts and his dauntless dedicacontribute to an ideal home by our the performance of duty. tion of his own life to the brotherhood

character, by controlling our passions, To know one's duty, to learn the of man and the Fatherhood of God, our temper, by guarding our speech, truth, is the duty of every member of when asked, "Isn't it hard to believe because those things will make our the Church, of every man and woman there is a moral order in the universe homes what they are and what they in the world. when we look around us today?"he

will radiate to the neighborhood. All mankind, I believe, are being said, "No harder than it always has

Anger, hatred, jealousy are but tools impelled, lifted upward by that Spirit been. There never were any 'good old

of destruction. which makes them desire the truth. days.'The tragedy of the human

December 1967 107 heartbegan—thehas beentragedythe ofsameman'ssinceblindingtime mensophistrywho wouldand withblind falsethem withreasoning.their Thisdefendingis an theindividualChurch work,of JesusandChrist.what

selfconcern that prevents him from Some of our young boys are so blinded, the individuals are, that the aggregate accepting God's ways. but it is our duty as officers of the is.

"In this world if we want physical Church to lead them from the things God bless you, my dear fellow results, we must fulfill physical condiof the world. workers. Bless you in your homes.

tions. If we want spiritual results, we Now, what do we mean by the Make your faith shown by your works

must fulfill spiritual conditions. This world? It is sometimes used as an in your home. Husbands, be true to

is the law of life, and it is both stern indefinite term. I take it that the your wives, not only in act, but in

and magnificent. Modern religion says: world refers to the inhabitants who thought; wives, be true to your husGo out in God's world and fulfill His are alienated from the saints of God. bands. Children, be true to your

conditions. If you want health, fulThey are aliens to the Church, and it parents; do not arrogate to yourselves

spiritfill alienation is the of this that of are they oldfashioned from in their the conditions health—physical,

beliefs free. ourselves that should keep andmental, and spiritual. than we you know more What a man which

sows he indeed reaps. Sow friendliness We are told by Paul not to conform they do. Girls, follow that sweet

and reap friendship. Sow unselfishness to the fashions of the world. Timothy mother and her teachings. Boys, be

and reap an enlarged life. Sow goodwas warned not to partake of those true to your fathers, who want happiwill and reap a better world for our things—the evils of the world—and to ness and success for you, which comechildren. Sow worship—the uplift of "flee also youthful lusts: but follow only through living the principles of

the heart toward the Highest—and reap righteousness, faith, charity, peace, the gospel. Strangers, seeing such

openhearted responsiveness to things with them that call on the Lord out homes, will say, "Well, if that is the

Eternal."(Reader's Digest, October of a pure heart."(2 Tim. 2:22.) result of Mormonism, I think it is

1966, p. 71.) Purity of heart! Zion is the pure in good."You will show by your faith

God help us and all the world to heart, we have been told, and the and acts in everyday life what you sense the reality that the gospel of strength of this Church lies in the really are.

Jesus Christ is established among men, purity of the thoughts and lives of its To no other group of men in all the and that through obedience to it the members. It is then that the testiworld is given a better opportunity to

Fatherhood of God and the brothermony of Jesus abides in the soul and serve mankind than that which is afhood of man may be realities to every strength comes to each individual to forded the elders of The Church of mother and father, every son and withstand the evils of the world. Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. To

daughter. God hasten the day when It is the responsibility of every establish salvation and peace to the

that testimony will be real in every member of the Church to preach the extent of their individual efforts, their heart. restored gospel to every nation, kindred, lives are dedicated. To make the world

Throughout this conference you have tongue, and people, that the evils of a better or a safer or a fitter place for heard testimony from men who, with the world may be met by the counterman, their talents and means are contears in their eyes, if you were close acting forces of truth. secrated.

enough to see, their lips quivering with When do temptations come? They Just to be associated with you, with

emotion, testified that they know that come to us in our social gatherings; men striving toward such an aim, is a

God lives, that Jesus is the Christ, and they come to us at our weddings; they joy, and to assist you in this quest, an

that the Father and the Son appeared come to us in our politics; they come inspiration. Unselfishly you are trying

to the Prophet Joseph Smith and gave to us in our business relations; on the to serve your fellowmen in love. You

instructions about organizing Christ's farm, in the mercantile establishment. are true followers of the Master, for to

Church; and that Peter, James, and In the dealings in the affairs of life those who have the Christian faith, the

John, who held the authority from the we find these insidious influences most sublime of his teachings, and to

Christ himself, gave that authority in working; and it is when they manifest him who penetrates its deepest sense,

this dispensation; that the Melchizedek themselves to the consciousness of each the most human of all is this: To save

Priesthood was bestowed upon the individual that the defense of truth mankind, the Lord came to dwell

Prophet Joseph and Oliver Cowdery; ought to exert itself. There may never among us in the form of man, and was

that John the Baptist, who baptized come a greater opportunity to defend willing to make himself known by this

Jesus Christ, bestowed the Aaronic this Church. simple, though glorious, principle

Priesthood. When that still small voice calls to love.

You know that, and you know these the performance of duty, insignificant The animal world is filled with men who have given you their testithough it seems, and its performance selfishness, each thing seeking its own monies during this conference. I give unknown to anyone save the indilife, its own perpetuation. But Christ

you my testimony that God lives; that vidual and God, he who responds gains lived for love. "... love the Lord thy

he is close to us; that his Spirit is real; corresponding strength. Temptation God with all thy heart, and with all

that his voice is real; that Jesus Christ, often comes in the same quiet way. thy soul, and with all thy mind....

his Son, stands at the head of this Perhaps the yielding to it may not be And... thy neighbour as thyself."

great work; and that no matter how known by anyone save the individual (Matt. 22:37, 39.)

much of the atheistic philosophy takes and his God, but if he does yield to it, God bless the elders and the sisters hold of the blinded boys and girls and he becomes to that extent weakened who, if not with perfect love, at least men who hear Satan's voice, the truth and spotted with the evil of the world. with a desire to bring joy and peace

stands as declared by the Father and It is the unseen influence at work in to others, are engaged in the noblest the Son to that boy Prophet. You society that is undermining the mancalling of life. Worthy servants of

and I, and all true members of The hood and womanhood of today. It is Christ you are!—our teachers, followers

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday these unseen influences that come of the true Redeemer, our Lord. There

Saints, have the responsibility to defrom the world that overcome us when is nothing greater than this noble clare that truth to the world; and the we are least prepared to defend ourwork, none more righteous. Yours is

world is full of honest men and women selves. When we do not withstand the joy promised by the Savior, who

waiting to hear that truth. Let us not the encroachments of these evil influsaid:

condemn them. Condemn the evil ences, we weaken the possibility of "And if it so be that you should

108 Improvement Era labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!

if great joy your will be now, "And WOMAN IN A soul thatwith brought one have you into the kingdomunto me of my rP MAN'S WORLD great willFather, be your joy how n if you should bring many souls unto One of the nation's most knowledgeable me!"(D&C 18:1516.) experts on business is a woman... Sylvia

God bless you men of the priesthood. Porter. She is highlyrespected for her

May you hold it in dignity and righastute reporting and analysis and she teousness that comes from within, not has accurately forecast many trends.

without. priesthoodfrom hold the To Read her column regularly on the

isof authority one of the God by divine greatest gifts that can come to a man. business pages.

He is greatly blessed who feels the responsibility of representing Deity. He

should feel it to such an extent that he is conscious of his actions and words under all conditions.

God bless our friends who are contributing to the advancement of this great Church. We are grateful for

their friendship and goodwill.

God bless us that we may go home with a firmer resolve than we have ever had before to live the gospel of

Jesus Christ, to be kind to our families and to our neighbors, to be honest in all our dealings so that men, seeing our good works, may be led to glorify our Father in heaven. I leave my blessings with you, with DESERET NEWS

the sick and afflicted, with our men in the service, and with our missionaries scattered around the world. I pray

that God's protecting care will be with them wherever they are.

God bless you officers and leaders,stake presidencies and bishoprics, of Financial the Church. May the love of the Redeemer be in each heart, and thatmeans that the love will be expressed security for

in serving one another.

God bless these brethren of the General Authorities for their devotion anduntiring efforts in furthering his work you future...

on earth. May they be blessed with

increased health and strength to carry on their great responsibilities throughout the world. ana theirs

I know that God lives, that his Son

Jesus Christ is the Savior of the world, givingBrighamprogramYoung forUniversityyour estateannouncesthat allows:a taxplanned divineand that beings restored through

the Prophet Joseph Smith the gospel Your personal, permanent investment in of Jesus Christ as he established it in future generations of LDS youth the meridian of time. A reserved life income for yourself and your

I bear this testimony as we part this spouse afternoon, and pray the blessings of the Cliaritable tax deductions

Lord to be upon each of you, that the A reduction in estate taxes influence of the priesthood quorums, of auxiliaries, and of the missionaries may Avoidance of capital gains taxes be more effective from this time forward than ever before in leading the honest in heart of the whole world to For booklet turn their hearts to the worship of TaxPlannedYour FinancialGiving,Future Through

God and give them power to control write University Development the nature animal and live in the name of Christ. Jesus Amen. o BRIGHAM YOUNG

UNIVERSITY Provo, Utah 84601.

December 1967 109 William George Jordan has said, "Man has two

The Presiding Bishop creators, his God and himself. The first Creator

furnishes him the raw materials for his life—the laws

Talks to Youth About and conformity with which he can make that life what he will. The second creator—himself—has marvelous

powers he rarely realizes. It is what a man makes

of himself that counts."

Since you and I are here to make something of ourselves, the question arises, What? What will I

make of my life? In considering this most basic and

vital question, we must focus on our goals and objectives for life. Goals are basic to success; in fact,

they are the very substance of success. Without goals,

life becomes as a raft set adrift in a maze of crosscurrents.

As one person has so well stated, "If you don't know where you are going, it doesn't matter which road you take."This should be a timely warning to youth

who have adopted the "I don't care"attitude. Young

people, and particularly bearers of the priesthood of

God, need to commit themselves to the achieving of worthwhile goals. Goals provide direction and

purpose.

110 Improvement Era Unless direction is given, thoughts and actions in this great achievement are defined clearly by the dwindle into meaningless exercises. What a great gospel. These intermediate goals include baptism,

contribution to world exploration it was when sailors receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost, ordinations to found that they could determine direction by using the Melchizedek Priesthood, temple marriage, and so the North Star. The sea, which had formerly been a forth. Each of these intermediate goals requires that

treacherous foe, became a valuable means of transcertain dayto-day objectives be met, such as personal portation with the stars to give direction. worthiness, fulfillment of priesthood assignments, and

In Chinese history, we are told, in the 64th year studying the scriptures, of the reign of Hwangti ( 2634 b.c. ), the emperor While the gospel provides the goals that will make

Hwangti attacked one Tchiysou on the plains of life successful, they are of no use unless each indiTchou-lou. Hwangti soon became confused by a thick vidual personally commits himself to the achievement

fog raised by the enemy. But he constructed a chariot of these objectives. We're not speaking here of a

(Tchinan) to point south, thus distinguishing direcweak "I'll try,"but rather a commitment of the force tion. Once his army had regained their direction, they which Job demonstrated when, in the midst of his

were able to pursue Tchiysou and take him prisoner, suffering, he cried out in reaffirmation: "For I know

Many a life is left wandering aimlessly in the "fog"that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand simply because it has no direction, no goals. at the latter day upon the earth: And though after

In considering goals, it is well to keep in mind my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh that there are two very important types of goals—shall I see God."(Job 19:2526.) Young people

shortrange goals and farreaching goals. To illustoday need greater commitment to living the princitrate the importance of this distinction, let's suppose pies of the gospel.

our goal is building a home. Even though we have President McKay has stated, concerning this period

set our goal, it will never be accomplished without of time and the need for people to commit themselves some shortrange goals, such as, "Today we'll dig the to the goals of righteousness, the following:

basement,""Tomorrow we pour the foundation,"and "It seems to me that never before have the forces so forth, until our shortrange goals are actually of evil been arrayed in such deadly formation as they consummated in our gaining our farreaching objecare now. Few will question the fact that we are

tive. As another illustration, an Aaronic Priesthood living in critical times and that many people have

'... tossed to andbearer may have a mission as his longrange goal. He lost their moorings and are being

must have as dayto-day goals those things that will fro,... with every wind of doctrine, by the sleight

prepare him for a mission: honoring his priesthood, of men, and cunning craftiness, whereby they lie

studying the scriptures, living a clean life. in wait to deceive.'(Eph. 4:14.) Satan and his

While it is important to realize that future objectives forces are attacking the high ideals and sacred are only reached by the meeting of shortrange goals, standards that protect our spirituality, and, as one of the importance of not sacrificing longrange goals for our brethren just recently stated, 'He encompasses dayto-day gratifications must not be overlooked, us round about by encircling us with allurements and

Solomon, once a great and wise king, bartered longtemptations which already have destroyed high range goals for the pursuit of lesser goals and standards among many people of the world, and by carnalminded gratifications. Esau also sacrificed his which he now hopes to infiltrate our ranks,

longrange opportunities and objectives for the short- "'By making sin popular with the world, he hopes range goal of gratifying his hunger. fo make it equally popular among us.

With both long and shortrange goals being vital "'In the world about us, high standards are falling, to a successful life, it seems appropriate to ask, and lower ones... are being set up. Some efforts are

"Which goals would provide the greatest satisfaction?"being made toward no standards at all'"( The ImThe answer to this query unveils one of the great provement Era, June 1967, p. 23.)

aspects of the gospel. The gospel itself is, in reality, May you youth, and particularly you who bear the

a program of goals provided by the Lord to assist Aaronic Priesthood, begin now and set high worthy us in gaining the greatest satisfaction and success goals, that you with the Apostle Paul can say, "...

possible. Of course, the great longrange goal of this forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching

life is exaltation in the celestial kingdom. And while forth unto those things which are before, I press

this objective is in some respect beyond our ability to toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of comprehend, the shortrange objectives that culminate God in Christ Jesus."(Phil. 3:1314.) O

December 1967 111 The LDS Scene

Temple Annex Dedicated

President Hugh B. Brown recently dedicated the

Salt Lake Temple annex. The annex, under construction

from August 1962 to March 21, 1966, has been In use for over 20 months. Granite from the same

quarries that produced stone for the Salt Lake Temple California Colonization Memorial was used. The annex permits more temple work to

be done by more members with greater dispatch and Bishop Robert L. Simpson of the Presiding Bishopric

comfort. recently dedicated a replica of the Seagull Monument in

Green Acres Park near San Bernardino, California, to commemorate the role Mormon pioneers played in colonizing San Bernardino Valley. Participating in

to Utah, recently celebrated the project were Rialto, San Bernardino, Mt. Rubidoux,

her 108th birthday. Born

and Arlington stakes.

November 11, 1859, in Ledsje, Sweden, Sister Erickson crossed the plains by ox team, walking most of the way. With Sunday School policies of the general

her husband, John, she was General Sectetary superintendency.

called in 1883 to a mission to the Indians in Jay W. Mitton, University

western Utah, where of Utah law student, has she has lived most of her been appointed Deseret life. She was widely Sunday School Union general

Last Surviving known in early days as an secretary. Brother Mitton

Immigrant Pioneer obstetrician and dentist. is charged with

Although confined to supervising the departments

Sister Hilda Anderson a wheelchair, she is of an in the Sunday School

Erickson, last living alert mind and memory office, serving as liason for immigrant pioneer who and claims that "teenagers Sunday School general crossed the plains before today are just as good board committees, and the coming of the railroad as when we were young."executing the decisions and

112 improvement Era On Nationwide Radio Network Series

For the second consecutive year, Brigham Young

University's "Speaking of Music"will be carried throughout

America over ABC Radio network. The program, National Research Award

featuring BYU instrumental and choral organizations, such as the A Capella Choir pictured above, will continue Dr. Harold T. Christensen

for 26 weeks—December 3 through May 26, 1968, of Purdue (Indiana) Ward

on Sunday afternoons. More than 200 stations carried and former head of

the program last year. the sociology department

at Purdue University has Scholar in Ghana been awarded the Burgess

Award by the National Dr. Virginia F. Cutler,

Council on Family Relaformer dean of the College tions, given yearly to of Family Living, the most outstanding study Brigham Young Univesrity, dealing with the family.

is establishing a home Brother Christensen was Long Beach Naval science program at the

University of Ghana cited for "overcoming Shipyard Commander limitations of interviews and in Africa. Sister Cutler

previously fulfilled similar questionnaires in obtainCaptain C. Monroe Hart

appointments in ing valid information"has been appointed

Thailand and Indonesia. in certain kinds of studies, commander of the Long

and for his research, Beach Naval Shipyard which has "inspired and in California. Brother Hart,

me'r-rwwfpf affected the professional recently released from work of every serious student the Napa (northern of the family."Brother California) Stake high

Christensen's text, council, holds the Legion "Handbook on Marriage and of Merit for his contributions the Family,"is regarded in the design and as one of the major development of the Polaris reference works in the field. submarine. A graduate

of the U.S. Naval

Academy, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and the U.S. Naval

War College, Elder Hart Ricks President Honored yearly will oversee approximately $100 million President John L. Clarke of Ricks College, twoyear in industrial work on

Church college at Rexburg, Idaho, eyes trophy presented naval ships and to him at Kappa Kappa Psi national college band an additional $89 million convention in Dallas, Texas. The honor was in recognition attendant to his duties

of President Clarke's "outstanding contribution to band as supervisor of programs in small colleges the past 15 years."shipbuilding.

December 1967 113 picAll sparkled characterare Disney's given in Mr. have humanBest of Movies istics tures. in the has Disney manner. some huipnor The film Even

By Howard Pearson the snake is not objectionable. and pathos and the marshmallow

Voices are by Phil Harris, Louis lightness and simplicity that will

Prima, George Sanders, and Stermake Mr. Disney's films live. There

ling Holloway, and there are some are, however, a number of scenes

With this issue of the Era we wonderfully charming songs by that involve smoking and drinking, note with sadness the end of an era the composers of the music for which may lessen the luster of in the movie industry—the exhibiMary Poppins. It's all a pure dethe film for some families.

tion of the last of the films personlight, as little Mowgli is takep Other movies we believe most ally produced by Walt Disney. under the protective care of the families will find entertaining are

The final two are Jungle Book, a different animals until he finally Thoroughly Modern Millie, which fulllength animated feature inwinds up at the jungle home of must be taken as a musical spoof spired by Rudyard Kipling's humans. on the 1920's to be enjoyed to the

"Mowgli"stories, and Blackbeard's Blackbeard's Ghost represents fullest; To Sir, With Love, starring

Castle, a comic pirate story starring Disney's hokum. This stars Peter Sidney Poitier in the heartwarming

Peter Ustinov. Ustinov as the ghost of an old story of a schoolteacher in a deWith The Happiest Millionaire, pirate who is accidentally sum-'prived neighborhood in London;

which has been reviewed in a premoned back to his old haunts by A Midsummer Night's Dream, vious issue of the Era and which is Dean Jones, who has been hired as Shakespeare play presented as a just now going into release in major track coach of a small college. special attraction on film by the

cities, the above two pictures conDean and his girlfriend seek to New York City Ballet; Sullivan's

stitute the final personal output of help save a home for old ladies Empire, which relates the hazards

Mr. Disney. He had purchased who have been threatened with faced by three brothers who search

many books and stories or taken eviction by a group of gamblers. for their millionaire father whose

options on them and some were in Through helping Dean's woebeplane has crashed in the Brazilian various stages of preparation when gone track team win a regional jungle; Gentle Giant, an Ivan Tors

he passed away. But those that are title,.the ghost is able to accomplish production about the love of a boy

released from now on will not bear a good deed that will let him leave for a giant bear in the Everglades the final imprint of Mr. Disney. the earth again. How he does it of Florida; In the Heat of the

We can be happy for the above makes for tricks reminiscent of Night, starring Sidney Poitier and three pictures. They represent Mr. Disney's Flubber and The AbsentRod Steiger in an ironic comedyDisney's remarkable creative talMinded Professor. drama with a racial theme; Palaces

ents at their best. Jungle Book And finally we come to The Hapof a Queen, a documentary on the

should appeal to adults who repiest Millionaire, which we repalaces of Queen Elizabeth II and member the classical Kipling viewed earlier. It is a delight, with of the wealth in jewels and paintstories; and they should like the Fred MacMurray, Tommy Steele, ings contained in them; and The

actors who give voice to the cartoon Greer Garson, John Davidson, and Taming of the Shrew, an expertly characters. Likewise, the cartoon Lesley Ann Warren and several rendered film version of the Shakecharacters, beginning with the character actors who over the years speare play. O

small boy, Mowgli, who grows up in the jungle, should appeal to children of all ages.

The characters are Bagheera, the panther; Shere Khan, the tiger; Why She Liked Christmas

Kaa, the python; Colonel Hathi, By Grant D. Morse

the elephant, and his parade of pachyderms; Baloo, the noaccount "What did you like about Christmas?'

bear; King Louie, the ape who The first grade teacher inquired.

guards the jungle ruins; and a few Most gave the usual reasons

other assorted animals. Why they had been inspired.

But one of the little girls gave

neither this pictures page are reviewed on Motion Era. A reason an angel might covet: or the the Church by approved nor recommended

They amongare,the however,least objectionablein the judgmentof theof currentthe reviewer,films. "Of all the things about Christmas,

I like the happiness of it/'

114 Improvement Era Yeast bakers: there's no

need to. dissolve the yeast

|. when you bake this new quick

I easy Rapidmix way with new improved Fleischmann's Yeast.

No warming the bowl.

No worry about water temperature.

No risk of killing the yeast.

And the results are better than ever before. See easy details on

every package of new improved Fleischmann's Yeast And get 65 great new Rapidmix recipes. fWsc\\inaBns

in Fleischmann's New Treasury of

Re\sc\w*aims. 'fe*t. least Yeast Baking. This lively colorful

32page cookbook is FREE, yours,/, i., Xeast for the asking. Ask now.

Rapidmix—the revolutionary new yeastbaking M

method—has been developed for you by *

Fleischmann's, the people who brought yeast to this chff country 100 years ago. For exciting Rapidmix

recipes, get the this mail *mTr''''''y Just coupon—quickly. Of %mt Bakif great new Fleischmann's Treasury.

To: Fleischmann's Yeast

P.O. Box 36-B, Mount Vernon

New York 10557 Please send me the FREE Fleischmann's New Treasury

.. of Yeast Baking, featuring great 'new NoDissolve recipes. Rapidmix

Name

Address

City State (be sure to include your zip code)

December 1967 115

Christmas morning a colorfully child hears her mother speak rudely 1. You are seated when your

wrapped package has your name on the telephone or to a salesman home teachers or your bishop or a on it and your anticipation is acute. at the door, in her mind she too woman or an elderly person enters

The bow is slipped off and the has the right to be impolite. If a the room. What do you do?

paper is carefully folded back. The father's language is not that of a 2. You are sitting on a bus when

box is opened and there lies somegentleman, his sons will use words an older person enters and all the thing you can't possibly use. Often, that should never be uttered. If seats are taken. What do you do?

so it is with people. On the outbrothers and sisters are allowed to 3. You come into church and

side their appearance could not be hit and scream at each other at there is an empty row; you sit down

improved, but let them open their home, then when they are outside next to the aisle. What do you

mouths or let their natural actions the home they will try to convince do when someone else comes to sit or feelings be opened to you and by rudeness. on that row?

something happens that you can't Give yourself a present this 4. Someone is talking when an

possibly appreciate. No kindness Christmas: be your very best self, interesting thought enters your

is wrapped up in that package considerate, understanding, and mind. What do you do?

just harsh, poor manners and kind. Present to the world a gift 5. The line of people waiting to

selfishness. of a lovely lady or a perfect gentleget into a show is long, but a friend

A person's true self comes out in man. Rear your children to live by of yours standing near the first of

strange ways. Perhaps you are in the golden rule because you have, the line asks you to crowd in with

a large crowd and your wants beminute by minute, day by day, and him. What do you do?

come paramount to you. The month by month, truly loved others. 6. Youare at school, and you

crowd does not consist of indiThink tall, speak tall, live tall, and and a teacher arrive at the door at viduals; you lump them all together stand on your tiptoe and light a the same time. What do you do?

and discard their needs and feelings tall candle this Christmas. 7. Your mother drops something

and let yours take over. You push; in your presence. What do you do?

you say rude, unkind things. You 8. You are a boy, and when you

come to the dinner table, yourhurt people because nothing exists Home, Sweet Home at the moment except your desires. mother and sisters are not seated.

As a group we are generally Carry over the thought of good What do you do?

known because we do not smoke or manners into your home. Some 9. You are walking down the hall

drink. Could we not add to this night in the near future, try this at school when a woman teacher

and be known also because we are quiz with your children. After comes toward you with a heavy

kind, courteous, and understandevery part has been discussed, arm load of books. What do you

ing? Could we not live so the spend time in roleplaying. Let do?

world would say, "Those people the children act out each situation 10. You are walking toward the

truly live by the golden rule. They until they become familiar with car with your mother. As you reach

are thoughtful of others; they stand the way they.should behave. the car door, what do you do?

and take their place in line, never crowding ahead. They see another's needs and fill them. They

are refined; their language and

their actions are never crude. They

are not thoughtless; they stand tall

because they truly love their neighbor. They find no time for rudePfestive Desserts

ness; they know that busyness is

no excuse for thoughtlessness."

A small child learns his basic The holiday season awakens the imagination for "out of this world manners in his home. Young desserts."These festive endof-themeal dishes should inspire such

Latterday Saints should be ladies words as elegant, scrumptuous, and fabulous. No ordinary layer cake,

and gentlemen. Therefore, mothers pie, pudding, or vanilla ice cream should come to the table at this

and fathers must be true ladies and time of year without embellishment. We've spent days dreaming of

gentlemen in order to mirror the desserts to be served on holiday "cloud nine."Be adventuresome and

right image to their children. If a try at least one of these spectaculars this Christmas time.

December 1967 117 Pumpkin Chiffon Pie

Crust:

23 gingersnaps (roll Into fine crumbs)

Vi cup melted butter l cup sugar

Combine and press Into bottom and sides of a 9-inch pie plate.

Filling:

1 tablespoon unflavored gelatin 14 cup cold water 2/3 cup milk V cup brown sugar V teaspoon salt Yz teaspoon cinnamon Yz teaspoon nutmeg Y2 teaspoon ginger 4 egg yolks IYa cups canned pumpkin 4 egg whites Yz cup sugar whipping cream

Soak the gelatin in the cold water. Heat

milk and add the next 5 ingredients.

Beat the egg yolks slightly and add the milk mixture return to low hot to them; 'happiness is of the consistency heat and cook until

custard. Stir constantly. Add the

soaked gelatin and chill. When mixture

in stiffly fold to thicken, begins the a Sugarplum ee! sugar. cup beaten egg whites and V2

with topped and garwhipped cream Bake some for the Holidays and see! Spoon into the crust. Chill. Serve rind. grated nished with orange

Old Fashioned Sugar Cookies Cookie Glaze Nut Flakes a la Mode

Add 3 tablespoons of crearn to 2 cups shortening1 cup mix and and powdered I SUGAR U 1 envelope granular yeast 2 cups granulated U and I Sugar tint drops with a few well. Flavor and water cup warm Vi

2 eggs of food coloring. Spread glaze on cooled 2 teaspoons sugar

1 teaspoon vanilla cookies. Let glaze dry. Trim droplets 2 cups sifted flour

salt teaspoon V2 flour cups4 a sharp knife. edges with away from 3/4 butter cup

V2 teaspoon soda 2 yolks egg Tree Sugarplum To Make1 baking teaspoon powder How whites egg 2

V2 cup sour milk Cut seven slices, V"thick. On greased Yz cup sugar

cookie sheet, shape and lay three cookie Ya teaspoon nutmeg vanilla teaspoon shortening. sugar eggs slices, slightly, and for of AddCream overlapped base

teaspoon lemon rind, grated Yz well. in at a tree. time beating placeone them, cookie Above Add two nuts cup chopped Y3

flour, slices,vanilla. slightly soda, baking lapped. cookie one Combine Add Powdered sugar

powder and blend into slice for tree top. Shape halfslice of

creamed mixture, alter- 'cookie for tree trunk and Sprinkle yeast over the warm water.

let the sugar and teaspoons 2 Add sournately with all milk. attach. Press edges

is Sift until tosoftened. yeast stand

night.Refrigerate over into place. de400 Bake salt. flour butter gether and Cut in

grees, cool and decorate. until mixture is like corn meal. Add

egg yolks and softened yeast and mix until a smooth ball is formed. Beat the

egg whites until they form peaks;

gradually add the V2 cup sugar. Con-

.. and remember it makes tinueFold inbeatingnutmeg,untillemonstiff butrind, notvanilla,dry.

to buy the sugar your life much apdout eachnuts. halfDivideintodougha 9x13in half.rectangle.Roll

from our land sweeter!, Spread with egg white mixture. Roil

up from the long side. Place the 2

rolls on a large cookie sheet. IVIake a

roll. lengthwise Vsinch cut down the f'NE GRANULATED

rising, in Without bake immediately a

""""'"llllHH,,

118 Improvement Era Happiness is Dryer 375 F. oven for about 20 minutes.

When still warm sprinkle with powdered sugar. Cut into 2- or 3-inch diagonal

pieces and serve with a scoop of vanilla ice cream. Pumpkin ice cream is also

delicious with this roll.

Christmas Cheese Cake (serves 8-10)

Crust:

2 cups graham cracker crumbs 14 cup butter 14 cup sugar

Mix and press on bottom and sides of a 13x8x2"pan.

Filling:

2 8-ounce packages cream cheese 2 large eggs 1 cup sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla

Beat together in a small bowl till smooth. Pour into crumb crust and

bake at 350 F. for about 15 minutes.

Do not over bake. Remove from oven

and cool. Pour over the baked cake

one No. 202 can of cherry pie filling

to which have been added 1 tablespoon grated orange rind and V2 Saves Ironing teaspoon almond extract. Refrigerate

6 hours or overnight before cutting into Electric Dryer Reduces Ironing. You'll save hours that add up to

squares to serve. days in ironing time with the rising list of permanentpress clothes,

Peppermint Meringues when you dry them the flameless electric way. Gives you much

more time for your family and church work.

4 egg whites Dash of salt The gentle tumbling action of an electric dryer fluffs clothes l teaspoon cream of tartar so they no longer need ironing. They are ready to wear immedi-

1 cup sugar 1 teaspoon vanilla ately.

1 6-ounce package semisweet chocoCosts Less To Buy, Maintain. An electric dryer costs less to buy, late chips

14 cup finely chopped nuts install and maintain, and is clean as light.

Beat egg whites, salt, and cream of untiltartar form; sugar add soft peaks

stiff until but Because it's electric, it's better. very beatinggradually,

in vanilla. chocolate Foldnot dry. Add

nuts. large tablespoonchips Put a UTAH POWER St LIGHT CO. and

ful on a greased cookie sheet. Scoop

out the middle, leaving a good form on at leavingsides Repeat, bottom. and FOOD STORAGE 1least inch cup. Bake each between one ALL ABOUT ME F.at for 300 hour. not about Do one

allow cookie brown. to from Remove illustrated record for personal feature all sizes of steel and An cold. shouldsheet Meringues be We when starting people fiberboard young their own containers for storfood

filled cold.crisp with Serve when genealogy. age.

garnished with apeppermint ice cream forms, and 60 pages with maps, cherry.red maraschino

pictures. space for mounting

SPECIAL plastic back; punched RemovableGala Dessert Ideas

looseleaf. New 5-gallon lined pails can be for

Add chopped pecans to pie crust dough nested for shipping. $1.98 $2.00 postpaid

when making mincemeat pies. Mail orders filled. Inquiries for other 620 North University

sizes welcomed.

(white, colors of differentLayer cake CO. AMERICAN BARREL UVATT'CniHI 1 O Avenueprovo, Utah 84601 layers): Put layers green pink, and So. 5th West, Salt to49 Lake City, Utah

gether with whipped cream and top with

Here's an idea! Give The Improvement Era this Christmas.

December 1967 119 fluffy whipped cream circled with green of salt, y2. cup miniature marshmallows. Garnish cranberry sherbet with green

tinted coconut. To tint sugar or cocoSimmer 5 minutes, then stir in 1 teagrated coconut.

nut, use a few drops of the desired spoon vanilla and 2 cup pecans. Serve

vegetable coloring and rub between warm. Parfaits are always spectacular. For a

fingers. refreshing parfait, use alternate layers

Sauce Fluff: Mix 2. cup marshmallow of fruit cocktail mixed with frozen

Vanilla ice cream can be glamorized by cream and 3 tablespoons milk. Beat pineapple juice concentrate and a layer

topping with different sauces. Try this until fluffy with electric mixer. Add 4 of vanilla ice cream. Top with a green

new Southern Sauce: Combine 2 teacup mint jelly and a few drops of green and a red maraschino cherry. For anspoons instant Postum, 2 tablespoons coloring and beat until fluiffy. Serve other parfail, use frozen strawberries

hot water, V2 cup dark corn syrup, dash over burnt almond fudge ice cream. or raspberries (thawed) mixed with

whipped cream and alternate in parfait glasses with vanilla ice cream. Or use

jams folded into whipped cream or into pudding and alternate with plain ice cream layers.

Ice cream is always a favorite. This

Richard L. Evans makeahead dessert can reach great

heights: Form balls of vanilla ice cream,

The Spoken Word usingquickly, melonroll ballsball incutter.choppedWorkingsalted

nuts, dip in chocolate sauce, and refreeze.

to remember... to forget Ambrosias are always refreshing. Try

combining pineapple tidbits, tiny marshmallows, and drained maraschino mornirig there came into my mind an old Sunday School song, cherries with whipped cream; garnish

slivered toasted almonds. Or it with since early one I not sung had or heard youth. had WhereOne combine ginger cup cup V2 ale, V in it been to did memory? mind? and why come back How sugar, teaspoon cinnamon, and Vi

We marvel at computers as if they were superhuman, but how much teaspoon lemon juice; pour over wedges1

more marvelous is the mind of man: infinity; immortality; the limitless oforanges,pineapple,and halvedpeeled grapes.and sectionedOr boil

nature of man—and the limitless, infinite nature of the Creator who for 5 minutes 1 cup water and 1 cup

made the mind of man! "The memory of an individual is written in sugarchoppedandmintpourleaves;over add14 juicecup ofwell-1

indelible script in space and time,"Gustaf Stromberg, scientist, searchlemon and juice of 2 oranges. Chill

ingly said. We sometimes forget names, forget many things, and then andliciouspouroverovermelona mixtureballs). of fruit (desomething brings them to mind, as if inerasable. This perpetuation of

impressions suggests that we not only ought to store our minds with AnFolloweasy directionsquickie that'sfor alsochocolateglamorous:Whip

truth, with useful knowledge, with wholesome and happy memories, and Chill made with rich milk. Garnish

])ut we ought also to avoid storing them with evil, with low and vulgar almonds.

or stories, thoughts sights with scenes. unworthy and ought not We

will tart that habit: to A Melt become a V2 seek out the of sordid side will the never life, for we know when mind vanilla in pound caramels in milk 1 cup

of boiler, double and add l)ring into something Vs present awareness, is sometimes and it more diffiteaspoontop 1 salt. Soften envelope unit cult to forget than suggests also that This is to remember. parents flavored gelatin in water. Add 4 cup

should give children wholesome, happy memories; that mealtimes should to melted caramels and chill until it

slightly. Fold in mounds 1 cup whipped

be times of constructive, pleasant conversation and not for punishment cream, cup chopped pecans, and 1 y or critical or unkind comment; that homes should leave happy memories teaspoon vanilla. Fill tiny tart shells

that will always bring to mind thoughts of love and loyalty. This sugandhalf. garnish each tart with a pecan

gests also that we.should study and learn and read out of the best books,

and look for the best in literature, and not read cheap or smutty writ-—DipFor garnisheswashedtry grapesusing: Frostedinto slightlyGrapes

ings, not spend time on the filthiness that is too often put into print, beaten egg whites, then coat with which downgrades the minds and morals of men. Memory is wonderful, granulatedpaper to dry.sugar.CrystallizedPlace onflowers—waxed

the mind of man is marvelous—the mind of God and his purpose, more so. Wash fresh rose petals in sudsy water

And "if there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good report or praisebeatenand rinseegg well.white.Dip Shakeeach granulatedpetal into

worthy, we [should] seek after these things,"- and be as wisely selective sugar on the petals and dry on wax as we can in the memories we make for ourselves and for others also. paper.be usedVioletsthis wayand toothergarnishblossomsdesserts.may

We should remember that it is sometimes more difficult to forget than Miniature fruit is attractive as a garit is to remember. nish. Blend 1 teaspoon almond extract.

1/4 cup cream cheese, and 2 cups sifted powdered sugar. Mold into ball and

Stromberg, 'Dr. Gustaf The Soul of the Universe. divide into yellow, 3 parts; tint one one

-Article of Frtith IH.

into fruit orange. red, and one Form

shapes, using cloves as stems. Ba-

*'The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia nanas, oranges, and strawberries may

Broadcasting System October 1, 1967. Copyright 1967. be molded. Use your imagination! O

120 Improvement Era The Church LDS GIFTS, JEWELRY AND AWARDS Moves On

September 1967

ffl With President David O. IVIcKay giving a brief personal word of greeting, the 137th semiannual general

conference of the Church began this The 13 Articles of Faith engraved on attractive morning in the Salt Lake Tabernacle gold plated scrolls. Gift boxed, an ideal ffift $1.50

the centennial conference for the building.

Elder Alvin R. Dyer was sustained as

an apostle at this afternoon's session. ''H''

Also named were 69 Regional RepreHands in Beehive Covered Wagon Seagull sentatives of the Twelve, who will assist in the work of the Church.

George Richard Hill was sustained as second assistant general superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual ImSaltTempleLake LosTemple.Angeles

provement Association, succeeding Carl

W. Buehner. SALT LAKE TEMPLE TIE CLIP $1.25

STERLING SILVER CHARMS Angel Moroni also available $1.25

Missionary reunions were held Sterling Silver Bracelet Order.'\ntique Silver or polished gold, (iift boxed.

throughout the city this evening.

General conference sessions continued today.

For the general priesthood meeting, leased telephone wires took the proceedings to some 502 locations in the

U. S. and Canada. Tapes were made

for distribution to groups not able to join this wire network.

TIE TACS/LAPEL PINS $1.00

The appointment of Jay W. Mitton Block LDS availal>le in Polished (iold or Silver

Angel Moroni in Polished (lolil or.Antique Silver.

PIN $1.25 Scroll CIRCLE LDS TEMPLE SALT LAKE

.Angel Moroni with.Also available Templein Anti(|ne(not shown)Bronze orin.Antii)iieGold or.Silver.Silver Salt Lake

Order.Anti<|ue Silver or I'rushed Gold. Gift I'loxed. Specify Lapel Pin or Tie Tac.

Lonely Hills

By Thelma Ireland

'Tis night upon the Jordan hills;

I hear a weary donkey bray, A startled dog's defending bark,

A nervous coQk who thinks it's day, A car horn's urgent, raucous

24. $L00 PLANNING CALENDAR MONTH warning, Gifts Achievement and BRACELET CHARM

gift ideal Officers. Calendar or Stake Salt The or Moroni. for Ward Angel Lake with forTemple Awards

19(>8, 1969. Relief M.I. A., l)egins distant drum, the Dabke beat. ends Dec. Silver Finish. Jan. or $1.25 EngravedA Polished Gold

An infant crying in his crib, Without EngravingAlso Available as Key Chain. $1.00 inSociety,White,PrimaryP>lack orandRoval.SeminaryBlue VinvlEmblems.Cover. ComesXice.

Make check payable to SERVICE GREETING CARD CO. - 4937 SouthA bleat—baby lamb's soft, sleepy

The lonely sounds of lonely hills. Durfee Ave., Pico Rivera, California 90660. California Residents add

From these I soon will part 5% Sales Tax. Add 25 for Postage and hiandling regardless of size.

And find the only loneliness Is but within my heart.

December 1967 121 LEARN IN THE

as general secretary of the Deseret R. Lane and Mrs. Virginia C. Bryner toLAND OF ZION

Sunday School Union was announced. the general board of the Primary AssoElder Mitton, former assistant secreciation were announced.

tary, succeeds the late Richard E. Other missionary reunions were OLLYWOOD Folland. held this evening.

The appointments of Mrs. Jayne B.

EAUTY theMalangeneraland Mrs.boardGlennaof M. theHansenYoungto October 1967

Women's Mutual Improvement AssociaThe semiannual conference of the tion were announced. Church closed today. This was the

The appointments of Mrs. Florence first conference to be telecast in color, OLLEGE

I HOME OFFICE: 245 SO. MAIN

841 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 1 * is fascinprofession beauty The ating and exciting. Richard L. Evans

You can learn to be a leading hair stylist for such little cost. The Spoken Word

Train with the Nation's Leading

Instructors, Cosmetology and keeping things to closely enjoy the beauty of Salt Lake

Valley during your leisure hours.

Write to Mr. James R. Trapp for some situations a person may keep things too closely to himself.

information. InIt helps to have someone to talk to. And those who too much withTHE ACCREDITED BY NATIONAL ACCREDITING

FOR COMMISSION SCHOOLS draw themselves from loved ones and trusted friends likely aren't as COSMETOLOGY safe as they should be. We turn briefly to several sides of this subject:

First, a person may have knowledge that should be shared with others, but keeps his knowledge too much to himself.. There is no product or

process or idea, however good, that will sell or receive acceptance without communication and understanding. Nothing can receive acceptance GENEALOGY unless someone knows about it. Whatever is good, worthy, virtuous,

PICTURES and beneficial to health and happiness should be communicated and shared. Second, there may be some things that should be confided,

SIZE ORIGINAL SEND ANY PHOTO communicated, to help us understand our loved ones—or to help them (OR NEGATIVE) AND ONLY

understand us. With a too uncommunicative nature, a person is likely

$1.00 to brood in lonely silence, when by talking things out, by confiding, a

FOR question, a problem, or a longfelt hurt or heartache could be cleared.

Now as to problems and symptoms that we may have, or even may imagine: We shouldn't just sit and do nothing, and worry and brood

BEAUTIFUL BLACK & WHITE about them. We should consult competent counsel, not quackery, not

GENEALOGY SIZE REPRINTS those of questionable competence, but the best, and get facts out in

AND ONE 5X7 the open. Men die from things that could have been cured if they had

ENLARGEMENT BLACK AND WHITE only confided in those who are professionally qualified. And now another

ORIGINAL RETURNED UNHARMED side: Sometimes people lose their savings, their solvency, by relying on

SERVICE FAST VERY those who are incompetent, or those who by sharp practice would PREPAID BACK TO YOU separate them from their money, and thus they suffer losses they would likely have been spared if they had consulted responsible people. The

SEND EXTRA MONEY IF RETURN BY failure to counsel and communicate often invites being preyed upon.

INSURED MAIL IS DESIRED. We all need help and counsel; we all need to talk at times to competent

and trustworthy people and not go silently, secretly, blindly, blunderingly, in error, in ill health or heartache. We need to bring facts out

into the open, and then do the best that can be done.

\ CORPORATIONCORPORATK *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System October 8, 1967. Copyright 1967.

P.O. BOX 2307 DEPT. E-12

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110

122 Improvement Era with some 200 stations broadcasting all or part of the sessions.

Sessions of the Deseret Sunday

School Union conference were held, with some departmental sessions following the general conference, and the general session in the evening.

New stake presidencies: President

Douglas Hill Smith and counselors

Arvel Robert Milne and Ray Clawson

Johnson in the Hillside (Salt Lake

City) Stake; President Blythe Maynard

Gardner and counselors Desmond Orin

Larson and Paul Hampton White in the

Sevier (Utah) Stake.

New stake presidencies sustained:

President Charles F. Dana and

counselors Malin W. Lewis and Harold

F. Western, Phoenix (Arizona) Stake;

President George C. Reimschussel and

counselors Ivan J. Bambrough and Robert Mullen, the author, is a nonMormon

Howard L. Bott, Roy (Utah) Stake; journalist, world traveler, and a keen observer of

President J. Lorenzo Smith and counselors Robert R. Barrus and Harold W. contemporary domestic and foreign affairs. A

Richmond, New Jersey Stake; and former editor of Life Magazine, he now runs a

President Clarence D. Samuelson and worldwide public relations agency. In his travels

counselors Orland Call and Russell L. he has met and studied the Mormons in many

Davis, Bountiful (Utah) North Stake.

countries, talked with their leaders, mingled with

Elder Antoine Ridgeway Ivins, 86, their members, shared their family recreational senior president of the First and rehgious experiences.

Council of the Seventy since December Unlike any other book about the Mormons, 13, 1963, and a member of that council the author neither boasts nor contends. He statessince 1931, passed away at 7:05 p. m.

Funeral services were to be held in the the facts as he sees them... simply, sensitively,

Assembly Hall October 20. and truthfully.

Complete with illustrations, bibliography, and

The First Presidency announced index, this is a book every Latterday Saint should the appointment of Joe E. Whitesides as a mission president, with his read and keep in his library, a book he should

field of labor to be announced later. give to his nonMormon friends. It is a book also

President Whitesides is currently servfor public libraries and newspaper offices for ing as first counselor in the Parleys (Salt Lake City) Stake presidency. upto-date reference.

THE LATTERDAY SAINTS, price $3.95,

The appointments of Stephen R. is available at most booksellers.

Covey, Frank H. Brown, Vaughn J.

Featherstone, and Ara O. Call to the

general board of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Association wereannounced. DOUBLEDAY

December 1967 123 I began to read this article with considCommandments, no more controversial

the subtitles, "provocative""conas of and Wisdom, it correctly reflects what Buffs erableof misgiving and suspicion because than the revelation known as the Word to discussion,"ducive nice the which is a given. Lord has way

"controversial,"of saying in which, some Dr. Wilford M. Jones and people's language, for official is "unfit Hesperia, California

publication"—sort of "rabblerousing Rebuffs stuff."Upon reading the article, howLatter-day Saint Congressmen

I ever, it is delight with found that for very Thank you Era "The much entirely timely in and with the harmonyCompartmentalized Saint in Asks"in the October on Mormons gospel and with instructions repeated

I Congress. there wish section a each was are in for order exCommendations your the is Authorities, General from and no dealing issues, political that with monthcellent article, of the Parable "The "provocative"to Commore those underwho better might the understand governwepartmentalized Saint"[September stand and and unequivocally accept the

country. and our ment I feelOctober]. tell that that I must principles of you the gospel than the Ten E. Bagley

Provo, Utah * We appreciate the October issue containing your treatment of the members of

Richard L. Evans Congress and their responses to your

questions. This article is an excellent job,

The Spoken Word sectionand I amof lookingthe series.forward to the second

Congressman Richard T. Hanna

of California Washington, D.C.

first to be reconciled The layout is very attractive and the to unresolved differences and feelings and offenses, the fact is severalarticle isgoodwellremarksdone. andI'veamalreadylookingheardforthat when we resent others, it is damaging to us; and it is to ward to the concluding issue. CongratuAs

our own advantage, no matter whose fault, or who the first lationsness in onthisyourmostinitiativeimportantandfield.resourcefuloffender, to bring the matter out in the open, and understood and over. Congressman George V. Hansen

Consider, for example, the feelings that many of us may have had when Washington,of Idaho D.C.

we have gone out of our way to avoid other people, because of quarrels or misunderstandings or feelings of offense. When we were youngsters, ThankEra. I youthinkforthesendinglayoutmeandthetheOctobertreatwe may have walked across the street or around the comer to avoid ment you have given the responses of

the embarrassment of meeting face to face someone with whom we had andLatterdayI am verySaintsgladin Congressto have hadis excellent,a part.

some unresolved grievance. It makes us uncomfortable. It makes everySenator Frank E. Moss of Utah

one uncomfortable. It confines us. It leads to embarrassment and retiWashington, D.C.

cence about going places and meeting people. Even when we feel the The method in which you handled the

fault isn't ours, even if we feel that others should make the first move, responsesgress is certainlyfrom LDScommendable,members of andCon-I we may soon discover that we do ourselves a favor if we resolve the hope it enjoys a wide audience among differences, so that we will not feel ourselves off limits as to anyone. issue.our people.ThanksI lookagainforwardfor invitingto themenextto

And it is likely that any or all other parties to the problem will earnestly participate.

welcome such steps as we may take to resolve the situation, since they Congressmanof CaliforniaDel Clawson themselves have been feeling the same embarrassment, the same fetterWashington, D.C.

ing of freedom. In any case, as we remove misunderstandings, our own I read the article on Latterday Saints

hearts will be happier, our movements easier. The world is large, but in Congress with interest and will look

very small when we have an enemy. As one observer said: "If you have forwardSenatorto partWallacetwo ofF. theBennettseries.of Utah

an enemy you meet him everywhere."In families, among friends, in Washington, D.C.

marriage, and in all of life's relationships there should be freedom, All is forgiven—even the work of the

forthrightness and fairness, and there should be honest effort to resolve printing gremlins.

the differences that keep people unhappily apart, or cause them selfCongressmanof CaliforniaJohn E. Moss

consciously to avoid each other, or to make believe they haven't seen Washington, D.C.

someone they likely both know they have seen. The world is too small The second response to the second quesand life too short to let such differences restrict oiu* movements or lead tion in the October issue was from Conrather Moss, gressman than Congressman tous the deception to of pretending not seen. see someone have we

it to incorrectly Hanna, was whom.,". "... firstSaid the Master of mankind: reconciled brother. to thy be attributed.

The source of this advice would seem to promise success.

Research Papers

'Matt. 5:24. I have been very pleased with the new

series of genealogical articles, starting *"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and tine Columbia last May. These charts, showing the

Broadcasting System October 15, 1967. Copyright 1967. major record sources of countries, will

124 Improvement Era 'A fill a muchfelt need in this work. I

hope you have many other countries

Hned up for additional articles in this series. I have only one question: When

and how will these charts be made available for genealogy classes?

Daniel R. Ward

Florissant, Missouri

Reprints are available for 15c a dozen.

Order them from the Genealogical Society, 107 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

FishEye Lens Photography

I recently was rereading the June issue of last year and enjoyed your pictures of general conference taken with a "fisheye"lens. Photography is my hobby,

and although I'd seen pictures taken with this type of lens before, I hadn't been impressed. Your pictures changed my

mind and gave me a new insight into photography. Having seen the familiar

sights of Temple Square depicted through AN lens, then I could "fisheye"the appreIDEAL GIFT potential in photogit hasciate it and the raphy. Now I want one for my own FOR CHRISTMAS

camera.

Ron A. McKune

San Francisco, California Robe and gown create a dramatic

From Vietnam composite of classic lines. The

brilliant scarlet robe features of sake written for the pub-I have never bit slashed sleeves and front thatlication a so this before, be may awkward, but I thought it would be of are bow tied to match the design interest of the people to young Church of the flattering and slenderizentering for youngand especially men the armed forces. I am presently serving ing gown. 100% nylon tricot gown

as a warrant officer and combat pilot comes in exquisite Goddess with a helicopter company operating out of Camp Halloway near Pleiku. Since White. Sizes-P, S, M, L. #6540

I have been "incountry"about five Gown, $1 4.00. #6840 Robe, $1 5.00.

months, there have been all manner of see to really personexperiences let a how SEE YOUR LOCAL country a bring strife can and civilwar and a once proud people to utter ruin poverty. completeand

in theyoung I mudhave andseen rainour > men die fighting for what they believed in. FASHION CONSULTANT

American youth 'have been called lazy and unfit, yet these "lazy"American Mail Check or M.O.

youth are the same ones who rush Prepaid in U.S.A.

machine gun emplacements without any Phone 4873621 fear at all, it seems, and then continue on afterward as if nothing had happened.

I spent two years in England teaching 2511 South West Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 the gospel to the British people, whom I love very much, and I am very proud of the faith of our own American youth.

Although there are not enough chances to attend services, I am impressed by field servicesthe attend our boys way STORAGE fly to the chaplains outwhenever we 50 intheir the jungle companies Sunon USE THE BOOKLET I I that faithday. Proud have am my

and belief, as it makes the time seem What Should We Store? HANDY COUPON

blessings the worthwhilemore and Storing to Prevent Spoilage ON PAGE 127greater. Latterday I hope all young

Saints everywhere, whether in the armed Notes on Specific Foods TO RENEW YOUR not, greatservices or the will remember Rotate Your Perishables, Etc. SUBSCRIPTION in theirblessings they have membership, haven't very if they been and OR ORDER THE

active, will will find Group Rates Available that they be so, andothers who have the same problems, and ERA FOR A will seek good companionship. W. D. BATCH ELOR FRIEND

Douglas M. Drury 61 Beacon Ave.

Vietnam LAYTON, UTAH 84041 --

December 1967 125 Contemporary 'God Is dead"findings nnarl< the logical result of the 'great

These Tlnnes and character of God; (2) It made

possible the wide diffusion of the carefully nurtured revelations of the new scientific knowledge. Today

men fly, talk to each other across space, transmit their images, and Is do many things that were formerly God thought impossible. Knowledge

sustains the aircraft, conveys the sounds and sights from telecommunications. The same knowledge,

applied to the outworn supersticNotBy Dr. G. HomerDeadDurham

tions and myths so widely held

President, Arizona State University among men, will not sustain those

The opinion among some that ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, superstitions and myths. So, some

"God is dead"should come as no p. 343.) among us proclaim that "God is

surprise, for those who feel this Joseph Smith discovered early dead."

way usually have reference to the the answer to his own satisfaction. They are right, as far as their

concept of Deity as it has come In the last year of his life, at a knowledge and their investigation down through centuries of tradimeeting in the grove east of the of many prevailing doctrines and tion. Filled with myth and superNauvoo Temple on June 16, 1844, concepts are concerned. This does

stition, the concept of God in hishe said: "I have always declared not mean that the true and living

toric Christianity, for example, has God to be a distinct personage, eternal God is dead. It only means

been one that defies common sense Jesus Christ a separate and distinct that the God they were taught and scientific thought. Beginning personage from God the Father, about in childhood, and in some

with the revival of learning and the and that the Holy Ghost was a traditional doctrinal statements, is rise of universities in Western distinct personage and a Spirit: and dead, as Joseph Smith's revelation

Europe, thoughtful men began to these three constitute three distinct also indicated.

see little relationship between the personages and three Gods."(DocIt is only natural that some

God revealed in the Old and New umentary History of the Church, scholars, scientists, and students on

Testaments and the notions set Vol. 6, p. 474.) He also taught contemporary campuses continue

forth in the various creeds that had that these Gods operated and conto make the same discovery. They

emerged since about the fourth ducted themselves according to cannot be blamed for so finding.

century a.d. Only in some of the law, in a universe predicated upon If a careful observer looks into a

notable paintings of the Renaislaw (D&C 93); that man was also dark house and sees only darkness,

sance and thereafter did the warm, in the beginning with God; that it would be dishonest for him to

personal conceptions of God the God was a God of truth, order, jussay he saw light. Many who are

Father, Jesus Christ the Son, and tice, mercy, and love, sustained by seeking for God directly, and many, occasionally some pictorial referthese laws, and not capricious, not seeking him but forced by ence to the Holy Spirit (usually in arbitrary, and whimsical in nature, findings available to them, draw symbolism ) continue to "live."judgments, or actions. the same conclusion when looking

Inquiry as to the nature and Science, universities, schools, and into the accumulated superstitions character of God, according to the growth of knowledge have been and myths that have encrusted

Joseph Smith (18051844), is the the great forces and allies working revelation.

most important question a human toward the establishment of such The need for restoration and the being asks. He said on one occaconcepts, replacing ignorance and evidence of its importance are

sion: "I want to ask... every man, superstition. The invention of clearly demonstrated. The diswoman and child, to answer the printing in 15th century Europe covery by some that "God is dead"

question in their own heart, what did two things in this regard: marks the deadend, logical result

kind of a being God is?"Also, he (1) It made possible the printing of what Elders James E. Talmage,

said, "If men do not comprehend and diffusion of the scriptures, B. H. Roberts, and other scholars

the character of God, they do not which speak more clearly than called "the great apostasy."It does

comprehend themselves."( Teachtradition in revealing the nature not mark the end of religion nor of

126 Improvement Era

apostasy"the author claims. SOUTH AMERICA

30 DAYS—JANUARY 30 DEPARTURE

theological inquiry. It represents HOLY LAND and marks opportunity for con21 DAYS—APRIL 8 DEPARTURE

tinuing the search for truth, and for the reinstatement of concepts SOUTH PACIFIC CIRCLE that clearly warrant faith and intel30 DAYS—JUNE 6 DEPARTURE

lectual support of men and women of integrity. Three Great Tours Put Together By The Professionals

Readers of this column should probably be among the last to be MURDOCK TRAVEL, INC.

alarmed by a report that soand-so Salt14 SouthLake City,Main UtahStreet84111 in the world of science has disPlease send me information about covered that "God is dead,"or that

South America Holy Land South Pacific a thoughtful worker in some phase

Name religion has of contemporary

Address so MURDOCK@ talk, that cannot concluded. A god

be seen, nor exist in space, who is TRAVEL City State Zip..

everywhere and nowhere, certainly cannot exist in the rational mind.

Therefore such a "god"is dead and warrants replacement.

The real cause for alarm in the announcement that "God is dead"give the most useful gift ever exists in the possibility that the The Family Schedule quest that led to that conclusion by will end there. Fortunately, that

s is not the nature of science and of Chart-A-Matic scientific enterprise. In this respect again, the universities and

The Family Organizer colleges of the land, at least those imbued with the deep scientific APPOINTMENTS spirit, fimction as perhaps the best REMINDERS - A bright new idea in family organexisting ally for the eventual MESSAGES ization. Permanent plastic surface

gi'owtli and development of regives yaers of easywrite, onand- - off Family scheduling. Each AUXILIARY HEADS BISHOPS verity; Hgion based on for science

in is rich printed decorSchedule tiie for information Write on in the end, as with the gospel, percolors, gold brown comand outator... for an Schedule Family

mits nothing to stand as truth standing fundraising project. plete with felt tip marking pen.

except it can bear the tests of

Only $4.95 Postage prepaid

continuetl investigation duraand pgi Write (Chart-A-IVIallc) phone (801) 3753000 ggj gj. Q bility. Science, scriptures, like the refunded Money

if not completely declares with Paul: "Prove all 825 COLUMBIA LANE, PROVO, UTAH 84601 satisfied.

things; hold fast that which is

good."(1 Thess. 5:21.) Or, in CLIP AMD MAIL

poetic terms with Tennyson and of The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 the Psalmist: Please enter a year subscription to The Improvement Era for

"Ring in the valiant man and free, Name.

The larger heart, the kindlier hand; Address

Ring out the darkness of the land. City.. State Zip.

Ring in the Christ that is to be."(Check one) Give credit for this subscription to

(In Memoriam, GV.

This is a renewal..Ward or Branch

"The heavens declare the glory of This is a gift n.Stake or Mission

God; and the firmament sheweth If gift, also give name and address of donor.

his handywork."(Ps. 19:1.) O years r years Iyear Name S$8.25 $3.00 j $5.75

Address Add $2.50 tor each additional year

December 1967 127 End of an Era

A kindergartner, carefully No trumpetblast profaned "Say!"yelled the farmer,

instructing his The hour in which the who owned the pond, "don't you preschool brother In his Prince of Peace was born; see that sign: 'No Fishing

own version of "We Wish No bloody streamlet stained Here"?""I sure do,"said the

You a Merry Christmas,"Earth's silver rivers on that disgusted fisherman. "The

sang happily, "Good sacred morn. man who printed that sign

tithings we bring...."—-William Cullen Bryant, certainly knew what he

—Submitted by Val C. Wilcox, "Christmas in 1875"was talking about!"

USAID, APO New York, N.Y.

By working faithfully eightNothing can bring a greater hours a day, you may eventually Immanual Kant said that thefeeling of joy and peace get to be a boss and work two greatest objects inand satisfaction and security to twelve hours a day. existence were "the. starry sky

us than to know that God—Robert Frost above, the moral law within."

Gilbert Highet by—Quotedis—Presidentpresent andN. EldoninterestedTanner in us. Places, in People, Books. and

Prayer \vill unlock the treasurePrinted in a church bulletin: house of your righteous

"IFe believe that the task desires.—Elder Howard W. To keep from eating your words,

ahead of us is never as great as Hunter o the Council of the never say, "No child of mine will the power behind usJ"Twelve ever act like that."

"Endrelatingof toan LatterdayEra"will paySaint$3wayfor ofhumorousiife. Maximumanecdoteslengthand experiences150 words.

Life Among the Mormons

Relief Society

By Virginia Maughan Kammeyer 1968 Mexico City Olympics

We went to workday luncheons, Accommodations for Latterday Saints

And helped ourselves to meats; planning to attend the 1968 Olympics

We watched the demonstrations at Mexico City are now available for

And tasted all the sweets. reservation. Fifty 4-bedroom cottages

with four beds to each bedroom are

We learned the tricks of baking available at a daily cost of $6.50 per

And how to fricassee; person. The rate includes breakfast.

The art of dipping chocolates A $25 deposit well in advance of the

We mastered cleverly. Olympics is required. The major

Olympic events will be held October

By mixing, tasting, sampling. 1227, 1968. Bus service from the

We learned to cook with pride; cottages to the main Olympic events

And now we're very talented. will be available for $1.50 per day.

And also very wide. Persons interested should write: Centro

Escolar Benemerito, Attn. Olympics

Committee, Apartado Postal 14181,

Mexico 14, D.F., Mexico.

128 Improvement Era Let the light of love surpass the brightness of the tree

*t light, for this is the

season of the celebration in honor of Christ.

! Can you even imagine

being one who saw the star!# of Bethlehem?

Can you put yourself in the shepherd's sandals walking the road to—:iPP''4

%f,*

,.*<#.4

fin thecMidst f 'Thine Heart

my December 1967

Marion D. Hanks, Editor

Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

.%j/a/M mUfjFSi!

WlP*

the manager and seeing the scene there, and believing? Or being enough of a tvise man to

be led by its warming rays to Christ? What a ivonder!

That is our wish for you this Christmas season, that you should find the Savior and love him with all your heart, serve him with all your might, worship him and remember him always. May the magic of this season be left untarnished in your heart as the

months move on. We wish for you this gift of awakening to a joy in life that is far

more exciting than Christmas dawn to children.

Let's keep the season by keeping his counsel: '',,, attend tO my WOfds; incline thine ear unto my sayings. Let them not depart from thine eyes;

keep them in the midst of thine heart/'(Prov. 4:2021.)

ThefEditors

Pictured on these pages are Janna Faust, Mark McConkie, Dan Engh;

Shauna, Becky, Buffy, and Lorie Paulsen; Melissa and Finn McGhie,

Mr, and Mrs. Lynn McGhie.

a ouse So much of Christmas is wrapped up in home. It isn't

what kind of house it is hut more the spirit felt there. On

these pages the featured house is a pioneer farm, heautifuUy restored by Mr.

and Mrs. Lynn McGhie of

Ogden, Utah. It is filled with

antiques and treasured family

pieces, but also it is filled j

witii a lot oi lioart. Guests

find (lelijjlit there. Some of

our yoiiuj; readers felt tliil;*i

as they paid a eall at Chrisflj uias and dr*auuMl some dreams about how tluMr very own homes will he someday.

They h*arued that the lu'arl of the house at Christmas is:

1.... in the hall as friends

i J are arriviu<i.

2.... on the eouuterpan<

suuijijiiii"; ehildren on the

nijjht hefore the Time of To< Mueh. 3.... at the table sprea fjiimay*"

proudly with h*nu'-bake(

speeialtio.

I.... in the qui<'t cornei

when that someone rea<ls th familiar liiu's: "... and ther

were in the same country. ''

5.... lU'ar a eeiitury-<)ln A eliest. as the lii;ht put to the

eamlles refU'ts in tboiightfiTi

eves.

6.... in the studio, where

Christniases of lonii aio eome

to life with the aid of a jiony

puppet.

ft 7.... near the mantle,

where the walls are decked

with jjreens; trinkets for the

tree s])aii the years from

irainlmotluM'to jjrandehild.

In

--ii- p-'ilft

fe'/ ''-'T'll BH Illustrated by Ed Maryon

Young writers speak from their

By Gary R. Hatch WithinMWalls

I and left. The stranger walked to the I was old—oh, so old. My wails my floors and changed my straw.

were thin, and between some of my prepared myself for. the rough treatcenter of my floor, followed by a small

boards were spaces that let in sunlight ment the cattle always gave me, but donkey, which carried a woman. The

by day and the cool breezes by night. to my surprise the cattle were very man gently placed her on my fresh,

My only other source of sunlight was gentle. They all stood in one corner clean straw. She was beautiful, but in

a massive door, held on by thick and ate very little of the straw. By the great pain.

leather straps. end of the day I still looked beautiful That night she gave birth to a child.

I stood behind a stately looking inn. for a stable. She gave birth to the Son of God within

For this I was glad. I was embarrassed Suddenly my door creaked open, my frail walls.

because of my undignified appearance. letting in the night air, which I was A star, brighter than all the rest,

I was created for a lowly purpose, for I trying so hard to keep out. There stood shone down upon me, upon me and the

was a stable. my master beside a tall, kindly lookglorious scene that was there within

The time of taxation had arrived. The ing man of those times. my walls.

stately inn was packed with people. All "This will be fine, sir,"the stranger Even though my position in life has

I held were a few cows. was saying, "but we must hurry."been a lowly stable, I have fulfilled the

Early this day my master had cleaned My master bade them good night measure of my creation. O

134 Era of Youth

y

4 ill Pltf\"'''.Mi\''

. j, p *|| tip

to take home. have and come m me me 11 m>'I without not anywhere go can why i I v* Oh,

1 4i f,/MjIf f: mil p I \ I t after? or looked It was followed being

not until after the voices had overtaken me that I realized they were not—t looking for me at all. A little way

: voices rose in loud, excited chatter. He 'm ahead they stopped running, and their:; m had arrived, and above the noise his

calm, gentle voice rose on the hot '0! ilin ''h summer air toward me. I listened in

the direction from which the voice hearts about Christmas came and followed it to the crowd. I

hope he can see me, I thought; I know

he must be near, for I can feel the peace that they say surrounds him even in the thickest crowds.

Quite suddenly I felt a strong armReioicefOMyHeart about my shoulders, and a voice said,

By Trudi Richie "Master; this is the blind girl of the

village.""He's coming,"they cried. "He's How I hated to get caught in a crowd The others could have shouted and

coming to our village!"of rushing village folk, and I knew talked and drowned all other sound,

"Why?"I asked. But no one heard Mother would not miss me. Mother but I would not have heard. The sun

me, so no one answered. I knew anyhad made a new set of jugs and urns could have withered the desert flowers

way. I walked toward where I heard to sell, and she would be decorating and bleached the clothes off my back,

a baby crying. "When is he coming?"them. I could not decorate pottery and I would not have noticed, for cool

I asked the mother. "Don't know—any anyway, so there was no need for me fingers lay uj3on my eyes. Then, for

time now,"she replied, and hurried to stay. I thought that for once I'd the first time in my life, I knew light

away. The smell of food led me to do something my brothers and sisters and dark and the many shades besome people preparing a meal. "Which had not done. I would meet our visitor tween, colors that came like a revelaway will he be coming?"I.asked. on the way, and walk beside him and tion, forming countless patterns and

"From the city, more than likely,"they talk to him, undisturbed, all the way figures. And I saw a man standing

said. "Yes, probably from the city."home. So I set off. before me with deep, thoughtful eyes

If I were to walk down the city road, It was not long before I heard many and love that radiated from him so-

I thought, I could meet him before all voices behind me. My friends, I strongly I could almost see it. Yes,

the village folk came running to him. thought; they have been looking for I could see it. I could see. q

December 1967 135

"KZ

.

"How do you feel ahout giving your heart to the Savior?"

Illuitrated by Sfiefry Thompson

Doiilu DeWitt

Somewlieri'one time I lieard u thought that struck me square ill the conscienee and so stayed witli me: "We are often guilty of

giving the Lord only the crumhs of our energy."Many of us will

he very glad to serve the Lord, even anxious—as soon as thc>

term and finals are over, or as soon as our team takes "state"an<l the poster parlies are over.

But even if some miracle hrings us lo tliat impossihie condition when we "have lime,"we would he at a loss as to how we should go ahoiit serving our Savior.

"Wliat on earth could he use nu'for?"the cynic asks. Think

a minute ahout what he has said on the suhjecl: "Inasmuch as ye

have done it unto one of the least of these my hrethren, ye have done it unto me."(Matt.

25:40.) This is what he can use

Era of Youth us for on earth: to do some errands. He calls it service. Sullivan C. Richardson tin* worhl, to he misunderstool

hy so many, loed hy so few.

Carolyn R. Gast The finest, most nohle thing H<'rod misunderstood when he

we can give tin* Savior is to serve sought to have Jesus killed as a

The total gift of our giving to him. The hlessing to an indipolitical threat, 'i'he people of

the Savior is made np of small vidual is no greater for serving his town misun<lerstood when acts—"lending"like: a dime when you aservingman of Christlowly staturehimself.than Notfor waslln'y "justrejcclcdthe carpenterVhim lucauseson."he

know it can't he returned. everyone could possihly have an The Pharisees and Saducees niisstranger. equal opportunity to serve Christ unilerstood. The Jews also lost—smiling at a perfect

l>ewildered freshpersonally and directly except hy tlu'messagi; when they searchel—guiding a

man to a class. this provision for serving anfor deliverance from physi<'al

it other instead. The lesson is to hondage in a man who offered—doing the dishes when

hit any capacity to which one might deliverance from spiritual hondisn't—pickingyour turn.up a crum]ded serve faithfully and diligently in something far hetter than that

talk, or understand. They comlemnedof—helpingpaper, just yourJecauselittleit's there.sister heteaching,called, preparingwhether ita he home age, something they couldn't

with her math when you have a going on a fulltime mission. him for it; he f(u-gave them.

history test yourself the next There, were some, however,

tist knew him; Simeon and Annamorning.—holding a door for a friend. Carol Yaniasaki who knew him: John the BapGiving to the Savior is every Jesus was the eldest of God's in the temple knew him; Peter

time we willingly remove our spirit children; he was the knew him, as dil those who

selfish hlinders to recognize and earthly son of God anil the virgin were ready for him, the humhle, honor the divinity in each indiMary. the meek, the honest, and the

vidual human soul. Thus entered the Savior of sincere. O

December 1967 Qift front theHeart

A gift from the heart Bv Donna Toland Smart

lingers

beyond the wrappings and ribbons And even beyond the barriers of time and space

Somehow expanding the souls

of both the giver who truly cares and the gracious receiver....

For example: it's like the hearttug of a firstremembered

Christmas when the beautiful doll nestling under our tree was

labeled for an older sister. This left only a vacant doll stroller

for me, and the next year the most beautiful doll ever made adorned our tree—this time for me! And the giver turned

out not to be Santa but a teenage brother who had first of all

noticed the disappointment of a tiny yearold sister, then remembered for a whole year, planning and saving ahead....

Or the touch of security intertwined in greenbacks tucked in the branches of the tree by a father whose own security in youth was wobbly....

Or the moist eye and husky voice of a father whose two little daughters took his hands in theirs and led the way to his heretofore cluttered toolroom—"Santa's workshop,"they called

it. For lack of money to purchase a gift, they had labored

with diligence and secrecy even until Christmas eve, sweeping and dusting and organizing....

Or a precious heirloom cameo for a newly married granddaughter's first baby girl, a token to foster deep appreciation for enduring beauty....

Or, in the toes of stockings, sweet candies and fruit, symbols of the good things in life which parents through the passing years seek to offer their children....

Or coupon books, of rare orginal design, with bright promises of dish washings, baby tendings, house cleanings, lawn mowings, snow shovelings, and/or with pledges of sweeter kisses and spinecracking hugs....

Or a yule log delivered with melody and cheer by cherished friends....

Or a wellchosen book to intrigue the intellect....

Or the accompanying note that still charms when the gift has

perished....

Or cheerful patience with seasoncharged younger brothers and sisters and seasontired parents....

Or a treasure hunt for gifts, organized and directed by creative hands that also pen the clues in poetry....

Or spontaneous, effortless, but winged words, quietly and casually spoken when most needed and least expected ii>Thanks for a merry Christmas, Mother....'if

Or the bittersweet realization that voices now silenced, faces beyond the veil, small mannerisms and acts of love were worth more than any worldly possession....

Yes, a gift from the heart lingers long and lives

to blesSf And as an oftwafted fragrance haunts him who receives And him who gives.

December 1967 139 Ve<Reaay By Marion D. Hanks

Jesus told the lawyer that the first and great comLong gothere/ag;: young man who, though

mandment is to "love the Lord thy God with all thy "little in (hisovAryes,"was chosen king of all heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind.... Israel. The hmTi\le Saul was ready for God; and

when the prophtXof God had anointed him, he "And the second is like unto it,"he said. "Thou "turned into anj theV man."The Spirit of the Lord

Shalt love thy neighbour as thyself."(Matt. 22:37, came upon hii "God gave him another heart."

39.) All other commandments depend upon this. While he listene( 0 the Lord and his prophets he led

with great strengt When he became willful and

In a generation represented by youth who refuse stubborn and rebe/llious he ceased to be useful and he to whine and whimper in the face of great difficulties, lost his place. "For rebellion is as the sin of witchwho can thank God for trouble in their time if it has craft, and stubbdfrnness is as iniquity and idolatry."

to come, there is great and glorious promise. But I (See 1 Sam. 10, 'l5.)

believe the summation of the best in them, or in any of us, is in that attitude which motivated one of their number to say, "God, I am ready for you, if you are Solomon ready for me."

A young man named Solomon loved the Lord "... earnestly a said little child: and to him, but I am Have you said that, in your own way, and really

in."out or Kings to go I know 3:7.) (1 not how come

it?meant He asked God for an understanding heart that he might discern between good and bad, and he was so

Whom Do You Hear? blessed. Only when he ceased to listen to the Lord

The problems of our day are very great. Many of and became a law unto himself did he lose his gift

and his place.the voices we have traditionally been able to count on

are silent or confused. In the world of theology and

religion there is uncertainty and controversy. Faith

seems to wane, spirits to sag. We worry about what Speak, Lord

men say. Perhaps it is time to cease to worry so On the other hand, young Samuel learned and

much about what men say and ask ourselves, "What remembered all his life to say, "Speak, Lord; for thy

has God said?"More important than what our neighservant heareth,"and became a great power for good

bors are doing, or what the rest are doing, is what and a chosen instrument in the hands of the Lord.

has God done. (1 Sam. 3:9.)

140 Era of Youth Joseph of Egypt

Young Joseph, sold into Egypt as a slave, rememWas he saying, as one of his humble young bered who he was and what he had been taught, disciples said in a grove of trees in Colorado a little even in the terrible temptations of Potiphar's housetime ago, "God, I am ready for you, if you are ready hold, and lived to serve and save his people. 'forme"?

Be Strong To You, Personally

A humble young Joshua presented himself to the To the younger generation, our admonition and

Lord pleading for help, and the Lord said to him. loving invitation is that you accept the responsibilities

"... As I was with Moses, so I will be with thee: I will of your great promise. Continue to prepare for the

not fail thee, nor forsake thee.... duties of the day and the morrow. Get the help of

the Lord. Appreciate your heritage. See the great

"... be strong and of a good courage; be not

goodness around you. Forgive us our trespasses and

afraid, neither be thou dismayed: for the Lord thy

improve upon our performance. Respect our earnest

God is with thee whithersoever thou goest."(Josh.

efforts to protect and perpetuate the good things of 1:5, 9.) life for you. Have a decent respect for generations

God has spoken and still speaks, and the message yet unborn. Know that your decisions will materially

is clear. affect the opportunities open to them. Build more

strongly than we have the foundations for a decent "Send Me"future for all mankind. Keep the idealisms of the

Beyond these, and above them all, is the scriptural fathers of your freedom and the fathers of your account of a choice Son of God knowing the need for faith. Accept the implications of your freedom; make

a messenger from God to man on a mission requirethe difficult choices when they are right, and act on ing great faith and courage and sacrifice, who said them, even if you must stand alone.

to his Heavenly Father: "Send me."Be Ready

He delivered his message, completed his mission,

Through search and service and reverence, through gave his life. In his moment of great agony and

a life of personal cleanliness and consideration and torment before Calvary, he laid his life on the altar caring, through faith and trust in God you can be and said, as we have learned:

ready for him. Tell him you are, and he will surely

"0 my Father, if it be possible, let this cup pass give you the strength and courage and quality to from me: nevertheless not as 1 will, but as thou wilt."live with contribution and meaning and with great

(Matt. 26:39.) personal satisfaction in this, his world. o

Qifts That Count By R. Jay Weaver, Missionary

Facts and figures don't count much.

The things that count, you just can't touch:

Like memories of a first romance,

The feeling in an upward glance;

The songs that little children sing.

The meaning of a wedding ring;The touch of mother when you win, Christmas

The touch of father when you sin; by young

The pride you take in finished hook;

The house with happy Christmas look;

Completing tasks you thought you couldn't,

I\ot doing things you know you shouldn't;

The hug of a child with a dirty face;

The first blue ribbon for winning a race;

The smile behind a happy tear;

The feeling you get when God is near.

Qetting

Robert Lee Higginson of the Denver 12th Ward, Denver Stake, has played a significant part in the youth program of the Church, school, and community during his teen years. Born in Denver in

1949, he attended two Sherri Dimmick, an years of elementary active member of Novato school in Australia and Ward, Novato, California, traveled around the world 18 years old and was with his parents prior to graduated from Novato his seventh birthday. High School in June 1967.

Always faithful in Church Sherri has an enviable activities, he received record in Church, school, his Duty to God award and and other activities. In

is Eagle Scout. an He's a class school has she been Lila of the Cooley officer, girl, a folk student officer, pompon Smithfield Ward, Newton singer, Girls'Athletic of the and leader, member song Stake, [Utah] an has made marching school officer, band. Association outstanding achievement

is at studying now He of gymnastic and member all in filling honor 80 University. Dartmouth tennis teams, head in Beehive badges the

a majorette, and member of the program YWMIA. She

Society of the Hornet is Mr. a of daughter and

of Teachers Future and Lyie R. Cooley, Mrs.

Sherri America. was Newton, Utah.

in entrant the Junior Miss Five honor each badges just contest and has for are required a Beeyear returned from Argentina an exchange as student. honorhive girlbeeto award,receive butan Lila

has gone the extra mile and completed all of them.

142 Era of Youth On the<Birthday of theVrophet

Rising upward, high on a hill it stands, exalted above all—

Rising silently, peacefully ascending toward our celestial home.

Rising upward—each foot for a

year in which he lived.

Rising handcut, shaped, andVerse writers polished sweetly to his memory.

Rising upward—Pve seen its image

in the glass pool beneath.

Vve watched the sun climb above it,

A great star coming silently through the blue and lighting the silver of the shaft.

Rising upward, strong as the man it honors, standing erect as the prophet himself;

Rising upward, glowing strength and radiating honor

By Mary Hill, 16 The strength and honor of the

Royalton South of Branch, prophet from Vermont., birthplace the near Prophets

To Know You

Gary, Lynn, Lyie, Steven, and Kenneth Wilde of Granite Park (Salt Lake for grateful City) parents are Stake support encourageand them who gave ment as they all worked toward becoming Eagle Scouts.

Gary became an Eagle Scout in 1967 and serves as secretary of the teachers quorum.

Lynn, who received his Eagle award in 1954, is a graduate of the University of Utah and is now art director for

Epcon Corporation in Boise, Idaho.

LyIe, who became an Eagle Scout in 1963, is now attending the University of

Utah.

Steven received his award in 1965 and is currently the secretary of the priests quorum in the Eldredge Ward of Granite Park Stake.

Kenneth, who received his award in 1959, has just completed a mission to

Bavaria and North Germany and is now at the University of Utah. He is also

M'l secretary of his elders quorum.

December 1967 143 Qetting To Know You

Wilma Anderson, who is regaining Patti Eliason, National Teenage Fiftythree LDS youths in American her health in a hospital, has a full heart Safety Queen, has had many opporSamoa have organized the Y-Mom's and a sweet testimony on the power tunities to be an example for the Club (which stands for. Young Missionof prayer. Church. aries of Mapusagi).

Wilma joined the Church in 1962 and Patti, a member of the 20th Ward, Through this club, they have asked was soon serving as Primary teacher, Las Vegas (Nevada) North Stake, was about 200 golden questions, given away

Primary secretary, Sunday School in the roadshow that was sent from her 17 Books of Mormon, arranged for teacher, and Sunday School secretary stake to Salt Lake City and was a mas500 cottage meetings for 120 friends, of the Kirkcaldy Branch of the North ter of ceremonies at her stake's youth and held dances and banquets to proScottish Mission in Great Britain. conference. mote new friendships.

Scholarships and Cash Awards We want you Three separate competitions to enter..

Enter the one for the college you are interested in attending:

Brigham Young University Writing Ricks College

Church College of Hawaii Contest All three schools are awarding full and partial scholarships for the best young writers.

(Please note: No entries from the mainland USA will be

accepted for the Church College of Hawaii scholarships.)

Eligible Entrants:

High school seniors (196768) Collegeage (under 25 years of age on January 1, 1968)

Rules:

Original poetry, short stories, or feaauthor. (Original means that it of Youth Writing Contest, The Imture articles should be typewritten is the work of the writer and not provement Era, 79 South State

on white paper 8% x 11 inches, something copied from some Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, doublespaced, on one side of the other source or planned or writpostmarked not later than Decempaper only. ten by others.) ber 31, 1967. Each entry must be designated by a At the top of the first page of the M''inning entries become the property

pen name and must be accompanied manuscript, the author should write of The Im'prove'inent Era. The Era

by a sealed envelope containing: either BYU, RICKS, or CHURCH reserves first publication rights to

1. The author's actual name, age, COLLEGE OF HAWAII, to desigall entries. Payment for nonwinning

home address, title of entry, and nate which school he/she would be entries will be made upon publica- a walletsize photo. interested in attending if the entry tion. No entries will be returned.

2. The following statement: "This merits a scholarship award. All entries should be suitable for

work is original,"signed by the Entries must be mailed to the Era publication in The Improvement Era.

144 Era of Youth / think the nearest place to God

That men will ever find, Lies sheltered in a church Where faith and hope are shrined.

A church where men return the love

Of him who fills with grace, The hearts of those who help sustain

The shepherds* meeting place.

May the many BLESSINGS of Christmas be yours this season.

COMPANY

3100 SOUTH 1100 EAST SALT LAKE CITY Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

A loving warmth is worth preserving. At Christmastime a family often realizes how

much material benefit they receive from the family head... in security, in guidance, and many of

the good things of life. For all this, Dad counts a loving smile DTnivrnTTTrT AT T TTTTT

ample reward. And, happily, things can always be this way,

because he planned their future with Beneficial Life Insurance.

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah