ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS AND THE YOUN<

MEN'S MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

OF THE CHURCH} OF JESUS CHRIST

i<shed SciliC LiBI If Till WirM

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO Before tbe Smoke Clear* Away On yourfirestricken shop, factory,office DENVER, store,or if inbusiness you resume can us. ST. LOUISsured with loner unnecessary No

delays in adjusting, no haggling overterms; but prompt payment of losses AND'

every time. It's to our interest to get QHIGAGOyou set up in business again—we can

insure you again.

For Folders, Booklets, otc, address I. A. BENTON, C.A.P.D., Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Salt Lake City, Utah

HEBER J. GRAJT & Co., General Agts.

2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City/Utah

BOTH PHONES. 3S1.

Jos. Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Onapel, Private Parlor,Show Rooms and Morgue OFFICE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT 21, 23, 25 South West Temple Street

SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

Established 1889. Capital, $200,000

Utah Commercial and Savings The STATE BANK

T-T TUIT*X /A.JT1A \A V,tnhU,h,A 1X90. Bank. OV/"Salt Lah * City 'u,ah

Interest, computed solicits of the accounts Bank Deposits. Savings semiannually, on THIS4fc firms banks, and and individuals,

Commercial Banking in all its branches. extends to such customers every

Individuals ofAccounts Banks and solicited. reasonable courtesy and facility. the assuredCustomers best accommodations

consistent 'with conservative and safe banking.

Prest, Chas.S. Burton,Cathier Smith, F.."Joseph Wm. F. Armstrong, Byron Groo, Lund,F.Pr*t. H.TMcEwatiyAsit.Cash Anthon H.

President. Cashier.

(When writing 1 to Advertisers please mention the ERA.)

Brigham Young.

"With matchless will and energy, he laid hold of the stupendous exodus of a people, and, amidst indescribable suffering and hardship, piloted them through the deserts and over the mountains to a new home in the wilderness.

"In the crowning period of his career, he founded, in this new retreat, a commonwealth to which he invited thousands of the poor from the four corners of the earth, rescued them from poverty and raised them to independence, taught them honesty, thrift, industry, patriotism for their adopted country; and, with the keen foresight of a statesman, showed

them how to develop the hidden resources of their surroundings. He founded hundreds of cities and towns, and completed for his people an organization unsurpassed in the

annals of history.

"For more than thirty years he was their spiritual guide and their temporal leader; and, dying, he left upon

them and their institutions the ineffaceable impress of his master mind and character.''Life of Brigham Young,

Edward H. Anderson.

From a photograph taken in 1864.

President Brigham Young.

Vol. XIV. JANUARY, 1911. No. 3

President Brigham Young's Excursion

Party.

BY SOLOMON F. KIMBALL.

I.

Many oldtimers will remember with pleasure a trip made by

President Brigham Young and company to St. George, Utah, in

1864. It was customary in those days for the authorities of the

Church to visit every settlement of consequence throughout Zion, at least once a year. There were no railroads then, nor telegraph

communication, to make travel easy, or to disturb the quietude of the people, and every settlement constituted a little world within itself. The Saints always looked forward with joy and satisfaction

to these annual visits. Notwithstanding their straightened circumstances, they did what they could to make pleasant the presence of

those who had come so far—frequently under trying circumstances—to feed them the bread of life, and to teach them how to

prosper as citizens in a land so far from civilization. They realized

that none but men of God would leave their owa home affairs, and spend the greater portion of their time helping to build up others, to whom they were in no particular way obligated.

During the early 60's the Saints of Southern Utah had grown so prosperous that they urged President Young to bring along 190 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with him more of the younger people than usual in his visits, as they were then in a position to entertain them. They believed that

a change of this kind would go far towards making their long and often tedious journey more pleasant and prove a blessing to all concerned. Their

great leader listened with interest, looked wise, but said nothing as to what he intended doing.

The next year, however, he dispatched messengers on horseback to notify the gdji Iflkjg Saints of Southern Utah that his large excursion party was ready to start to W m "the land of cotton,"and for them to m Hjj* V l,:.'/'*'govern themselves accordingly. They

H W-'were asked to announce that the party

JOHN TAYUIK. was to consist of thirteen light vehicles,

and two baggage wagons, and would be composed of the following persons: Brigham Young, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, George A. Smith, Ezra T. Benson,

Lorenzo Snow, Franklin D. Richards,

Eliza R. Snow, Vilate M. Kimball, Robert

T. Burton, John R. Winder, Theresa

Burton, Amelia F. Young, David 0.

Calder, Anna H. Calder. John T. Caine,

David McKenzie, Philip Margetts, Harry

Bowring, Sarah Alexander, George D.

Watts, Hamilton J. Park, Agnes Park,

Willard Richards, A. Milton Musser,

WILFORD WOODRUFF. Peter Horrocks, Catherine D. Horrocks,

John Squires, Lewis Robinson, Seymour B. Young, Fannie Young,

Thomas Jenkins, Janette Young, Louis S. Hills, Ella Young, Emily

Young, James T. Little, Leonard Rice, William VanNetta, Theodore Calkins, Mary E. Kimball, Elvira F. Kimball, Richard J. Taylor, Byron Roberts, Chariton Jacobs, Oscar S. Young, Hyrum S.

Young and the writer.

On Monday morning, September 1, 1864, at 9:45 o'clock, one

of the jolliest crowds that ever left Salt Lake City started on its

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG'S EXCURSION PARTY. 191

journey. They drove to pleasant Grove without a stop. Between

Lehi and American Fork they encountered one of the severest hail storms that ever visited that part of Utah.

The next day they reached Payson. As

they passed through Provo, they picked up

William B. Pace, and a firstclass string

band. Wilson and Warren Dusenberry

were two of the members. A meeting was

held in the evening, at which Apostles Lorenzo Snow and Franklin D. Richards were

the speakers.

At ten o'clock on the morning of the 3rd, the company arrived at Salt Creek, now Nephi. The farther from home, the

greater the enthusiasm became, and the more anxious the people were to see them.

By this time things were growing attractive. Even some of the older members of

the party began to have their interests awakened. It seemed as if every man,

woman and child in the place was out in holiday attire. They lined both sides of

WILSON DUSKNBERTiYthe streets for blocks, and shouted praises

Born April, 1811.

to their leaders as they passed by. A brass

band at the head of a company of cavalry, with colors flying, came out to meet the party, and discoursed sweet music to the satisfaction of all. Enthusiasm was at

a high pitch, and all enjoyed themselves to the fullest extent. Two meetings were

held during the day, and a dance at night ended the third day's program. The next

morning there was anothe r meeting.and Presi

WAKEEN IHSENBEKKYdent Young delivered an excellent discourse, Bora Nov. 1, l&iG.

which gladdened the hearts of hundreds.

By this time the excursionists were becoming better acquainted, and a spirit of mirthfulness began to crop out in various forms, 192 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

After dinner they kidnapped the Salt

Creek brass band, body and breeches, taking it right along with them. This

amusing incident, in connection with other pranks that were indulged in, added to the feeling of merriment that possessed the whole company. For the

remainder of the trip the band was an important division of the party.

The party drove to Round Galley that day, and arrived at Fillmore the next afternoon. Here they remained two

LORENZO SNOW. days and nights, enjoying a continuous

feast of pleasure. When they arrived

within two miles of Fillmore, they met one of the jolliest escorts that ever led a presidential party into a Utah town.

Judging by the number it consisted of nearly every man and boy in Millard county—each of whom was mounted on

some kind of an animal: narrowbacked

horses of wide experience, and longhaired mules that mocked the Missouri mob played prominent parts in the procession that proceeded down Fillmore's principal

FRANKLIN D. RICHARDS avenue. When this gallant gang of armed

guardsmen galloped into line at the head of the president's party, and proceeded on their way through a cloud of dust, peals of laughter rang out from a hundred throats. This was the comical

straw that broke the camel's back, and everybody was convulsed with

laughter.

As this peculiar procession passed down Fillmore's main street, terrific

EZRA T. BENSON. blasts from the kidnapped brass band,

PRESIDENT BEIGEAM YO UNG'S EXCURSION PARTY. 193

playing one of their fantasias in

B., caused the excited crowd to

wonder what thing was coming next.

Just before the procession reached the

Capitol Building, anvils boomed, cows bellowed, horses bucked, donkeys brayed, women shouted, youngsters yelled, and dogs yelped; while savage

red men looked on, wondering what pranks the pale face people would play next.

After the deafening din died down, the squawking of yellowlegged chickens and the quacking of big,fat ducks EMILY YOUNG, ill 1863.

Born March, 1849.

could be heard in all parts of town, as the high executioners of Fillmore were dexterously performing the ax act. At that time Fillmore was the home of the Lymans, the

Callisters, the Kings, the McBrides, and many other good and broadminded people who never did things by halves.

Before the president's party had fairly time to arrange their toilets, the big feast began in earnest. Brother John Squires, the

rough and ready razor man of the company, was so rushed that when it came the boys'turn to be shaved, he dexterously, but not very mildly, made the fur fly from their fuzzy faces.

Great preparations for the banquet had been going on for days, no other incident of like importance having occurred before, south of Salt Lake

City. Armful after armful of the

choicest fruits, meats and vegetables of every variety were placed upon the tables before them, until the master of ceremonies was compelled to call a halt for further arrangeFANNIE YOUNG (THATCHER) ments to be made. Waiters actually

Born January 25, 1849.

groaned and tables tottered under the 194 IMPRO \ rEMENT ERA

heavy weight of custard pies, frosted cakes, preserved fruits, and scores of other delicious delicacies awaiting the hungry Salt Lakers.

Before darkness brooded over this land of good things, a grand ball was opened in honor of this eventful visit, which was so far ahead of the ordinary country dance that comparison would be out of the question. It took place

in the large and commodious twentyeight thousand dollar Capitol Building, which had been thoroughly renovated and elaborately decorated for the occasion. Excellent

music was furnished by the famous "FillDAVID MCKENZIE, more Fiddleband,"under the superior

Horn December 27. 18'W

leadership of Daniel Olson, one of the noted violinists in the western country.

Prominent citizens came from far and near to have a good time, and the spirit of dance seemed to be in the very air. The

older members of the party retired early, leaving the dance to the middle aged and young, who moved things along with vim and dispatch.

After a late supper, it was hard to tell which division of the party was getting the best of the situation, as all seemed to be enjoying themselves to the very limit.

FRANCIS. M. LYMAN

"Highland Flings,""Pigeon Wings"and other fancy steps taken by the Fillmoreites, surely demonstrated that they were more than equal for the occasion. Phil Margetts. Harry Bowring, Sarah Alexander and

a dozen other funmakers, in the way of innocent amusement, captured the best corner in the Capitol, and such capers as they cut were never before dreamed of by the unsuspecting citizens of Southern Utah.

THERESA BURTON.

Daylight finally brought everything to a

Born March 26, 1848.

standstill, and what few live roosters were

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YD UNG'S EXCURSION PA RTY. 195

left in town were exerting every vocal power imaginable to impress upon the minds of the happy party that the time was fully ripe for them to be moving on.

At 5 a. m. the kidnapped brass band

came to life, and played "Oh, Dear, What can the Matter Be?"so long and loud, that

everybody gathered from every direction to learn, if possible, what was the matter.

Brother George A. Smith, the only 300pound man in town, mounted an old workLOUIS S. HILLS, IN lfcGS.

Born March 8, 1836.

bench, and, with stentorian voice, informed the feasting excursionists that there were other settlers south of Millard county anxiously awaiting an opportunity to entertain them on the fat of the land, and that the frightened fowls of Fillit was about time "for them to bein >re were right—that

moving on."

Saturday evening put a stop to the festivities. Everything of

a liyhtminded nature was dropped. The Sabbath of the Lord was

at hand, and the Saints, who had enjoyed themselves to the utterimost,were now ready for the solemn change. The authorities, thus far, had

done what they could to make the journey a joyful one, but they never permitted recreative pleasure to interfere with sacred things.

While visiting the Saints in these faroff settlements } where there were no amusements to capitol building, fillmore. speak of, it was nee196 IMPR VEMENT ERA

essary to say and do things that would bring cheer to the hardworking settlers. Even in meeting it was, therefore, not unusual, in those days, for

the speakers lo refer to conditions, circumstances and situations that were both amusing and pathetic, often causing the congregation to alternate between laughter and tears. The

GEORGE A. SMITH. talks, in this way, entered their lives,

and consequently the instructions were long remembered, and aided greatly in keeping the people in good spirits until their leaders came again.

President Young had brought this jolly crowd with him for this very purpose, and their presence did the

Saints a world of good.

Sunday morning, September 7, at 10 o'clock, the largest congregation ever assembled in Millard county

JOHN SQUIRES.

Bom December 23, 1820. gathered to listen to the inspired reDied November 13, 1901 marks of Apostles Lorenzo Snow,

Franklin D. Richards, Ezra T. Benson,

John Taylor and Wilford Woodruff.

In the afternoon Apostle Orson Hyde, who joined the party at Sevier bridge, and President Brigham Young, occupied the time. Such an outpouring of the Holy Spirit was never felt

before in that part of Zion.

In the cool of the evening, in order to shorten the next day's drive, the company proceeded te Corn Creek, now Kanosh, Apostle Amasa M. LyDANIEL OLSON.

Born at Copenhagen in 1831: man accompanying them. The next

Died May 9, 1893. day they reached Beaver, after the

] 97 PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YO UNG'S EXCURSION PARTY.

hardest day's drive of the trip. All

day long they faced a blinding dust storm. A meeting was called in the

evening, but the majority of the company went to rest early, as they were pretty well tired out. Miss Mary

White, a resident of Beaver, joined the party here, and remained with it until they returned to Salt Lake City.

Tuesday, at 5 p.m., they arrived at

Parowan, the home town of Apostle

George A. Smith, and on the following day drove to Cedar City. Meetings were held at both places, and a JANETTE YOUNG EASTON.

Boru Dei/ember, 1849.

spiritual feast was enjoyed by the multitude that came from far and near.

The Saints throughout the country had harvested a bountiful crop, and the people on all sides were praising the Lord. It seemed like

the very windows of heaven had been thrown wide open, and blesings poured out upon the Saints, until there was hardly room to contain them.

Orchards and gardens were teeming with good things, and everybody had plenty and to spare. Wagonloads of

melons and choice fruits of many varieties were lavishly bestowed upon their welcomed guests, who richly enjoyed the gifts as they proHARRY BOWRING ceeded on their way from PHIL MARGETTS.

town to town.

198 IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the night of the 11th, the company stopped at a little place called Pinto, and the next day reached Pine Valley, a way up in the mountains, some six thousand feet above St. George. It

was a perfect little paradise, surrounded on three sides by groves of pine trees and meadows of rich bunch grass. A more beautiful spot

could scarcely be imagined. The

company greatly enjoyed the change, and would have remained here several days had time permitted. A meeting

was held in the afternoon, and a dance given at night. President

Young, however, instructed the members of his pary to retire to rest

ORSON HYDE. early, as the hardest day's journey of

the entire trip lay before them.

The next morning at daylight the company, which now numbered not less than one hundred, started on its downhill journey. Many loads of

hay, grain and provision were brought along by the thrifty settlers, to help feed the multitude that was already gathering at St. George. The distance was about forty miles, and the

road in some places was wellnigh impassable. When they came to the SARAH ALEXANDER.

"Washboard,"just north of "Jacob's

Twist,"all but the drivers were compelled to walk, the road being extremely steep and rocky.

As they neared the "land of cotton,"the weather became quite tropical. The vo'canic rock, strewn

over the country, shone like black diamonds, and the craters from

AMASA XI. LYMAN. whence they had come appeared like

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG'S EXCURSION PARTY 1S9

mountains of coal. After viewing the

crater for a short time the company drove near to the brink of a deep chasm, where they remained about thirty minutes. The timid excursionists peered

into the rugged depths until their heads reeled. After throwing a ton or two of

rock into the pit, the company drove on.

They arrived at St. George just in time

to see the sun hide his smiling face behind the rocky cliffs of Utah's "Dixie."

Apostles Orson Pratt, Erastus Snow, and other distinguished citizens of St.

OK SON PRATT.

George, were on the spot to welcome the president's party to their southern home.

Their guests were soon distributed in carriageload-lots over the town, where theywere made more than welcome for the next three days and four nights.

The Saints of St. George were in

comfortable circumstances, all things considered, and a more hospitable community of people never lived. The maMARY WHITE.

jority of them had comfortable homes, Born November 7. 1840

and seemed to be happy and contented.

Their city was a little gem set in the midst of a sandy desert, surrounded on all sides by the rugged mountain cliffs. None but men of God, endowed

with great wisdom and faith from above, could have built a city so beautiful in so remarkably short a time. It was located

in 1861, in which year large companies of people were called from the northern counties of the territory to settle on the

Rio Virgen and Santa Clara. The city

of St. George stands today as a splendid monument to their honored names. ERASTUS SNOW.

200 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

DIAMOND VALLEY CRATER, TWELVE MILES NORTHWEST OF

ST. GEORGE.

Sunday, September 14, was a day of rest in very deed. After

traveling three hundred and sixty miles over a dusty road, the president's party was pretty well tired out. Even the jaded animals showed their appreciation of the change, as they lay

stretched out beneath the shady groves of the Garden City.

At 10 a. m., a large congregation gathered under the spacious

JACOB'S TWIST, NEAR ST GEORGE.

PRESIDENT BRIGHAM YOUNG'S EXCURSION PARTY. 201

bowery, which had just been erected for the occasion. On the

s*and sat the great "Mormon"leader, President Brigham Young, surrounded on three sides by the following intellectual giants and mighty men of God: Apostles Orson Hyde, Orson Pratt, John Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, George A. Smith, Amasa M. Lyman, Ezra

T. Benson, Lorenzo Snow and Franklin D. Richards.

Six meetings were held during a two days'conference, and a sweet and peaceful spirit permeated the large assemblage.

Everyone present felt the solemnity of the occasion, as they listened in earnest silence to their great leaders, whom they sincerely revered and regarded with love and admiration. Tears

trickled down the cheeks of the faithful Saints, many of whom, without a murmur, had turned their backs on comfortable homes in the northern counties, and, in obedience to God's servants, settled in this faroff, desert land. The almost insurmountable difficulties which they overcame, the trials through which they passed,

and the sacrifices which they made for the cause of Zion, will never be known nor understood this side of the Millennium. God

bless their posterity forever!

(to be continued.)

The Voice of the Shepherd.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Lean on mine ample arm, oh thou deprest!

And I will bid the storm cease in thy breast.

Whate'er thy lot may be, On life's complaining sea, If thou wilt come to me, thou shalt have rest.

Lift up thy tearful eyes, sad heart, to me;

I am the sacrifice offered for thee.

In me thy pain shall cease, In me is thy release, In me thou shalt have peace eternally.

Theodore E. Curtis.

Just a Little Blue Stocking.

BY LELLA. MARLER HOGGAN.

III.—Hughie's Christmas Tale. (Continued.)

"I reached to open the door, but the door knob was muffled in black. I was too late!"

There was a break in his voice, and old Hughie stopped speaking. No one spoke a word. Some of the men shaded their eyes

with their hands; that was all. After awhile, Hughie quietlycontinued:

"Only God knows what happened then, boys. There ain't no

words, you know, to tell things like that."After another silence

he said: "When it was all over, we went back to the old place.

It didn't seem jest like home to me. On the outside things looked

tucked up and sort o'crowded. Nothin'looked fresh and open

and free, like it does out here in the Rockies. Didn't look as if

things had breathin'space. The things inside the place was

changed some, but I guess 1 was changed more'n anything else.

Father's big chair was in its old place, and the newspapers and magazines was on the little table jest as they used to be. I

noticed my last letter among the others. It looked strange and

kind of out o'place. Mother's mending bag hung near the sewin'

machine, where I remembered seein'it years before. Some of the

same old pictures hung on the wall. And a gray cat purred on the

hearthrug, jest as one did when I went away. Houses stay about

the same, even if the years do slip along. But people—they're

different. When their hearts change, their looks change to match

'em. Mother was gray, and there was a good many wrinkles on

her face I'd never seen before. I wondered how many of 'em I'd

JUST A LITTLE BLUE STOCKING. 203

made. Her eyes had dimmed some, too, as if she might a shed a

good many tears. I set in the dinin'room and watched her about

her work. She worked about jest as she did when I was a boy.

I felt sort o'dazed, as if I was in a dream. It took me days to

git used to all the changes the years had made. My brothers and

sisters was all married, except little Birdie Lou. She had not

left the old nest, but she had grown to be a woman. I felt like

an old man. I wondered what I had done with all the years that

stood between us. I felt as if I had lived my life alone, and missed

all o'the sweet things God had meant me to have.

"1 missed father more'n I did the children. His big Bible lay

on the centretable, and his cane stood in the corner. I'd git to

feelin 1 smothered like in the house, and I'd go outside; but that

was even worse. There was the very hedge I had helped him to

plant, and the apple tree we had pruned and watered together. I

fancied I could see him in the garden bendin'over his work. Some

days my heart was so full it felt like it was sure goin'to burst open. Why, boys, I'd gladly a give ten years o'my life if I could

jest a took him by the hand ag'in and told him I'd come home to

I wanted to be by him to take care of him, now he wasstay—that

gittin'old. But God never let's us turn the pages back, boys;

after we've lived 'em once, they're gone. The folks was all awful

tender towards me. They tried not to say things to hurt me.

But I knew they felt jest like I did. I heard my aunt a tellin'

mother about it one mornin'.

''Ain't it a pity,'she said, 'his father couldn't a seen him?

If he could jest a looked at Hughie's broad shoulders and his honest face once, he could a died happy. You know how he fretted

"about Hughie at the last.'

Hughie paused again in his story. In a few moments he

said: "On Christmas eve they all come back to the old home and spent a quiet evenin', jest to cheer up mother and me a little. I

felt like a stranger among 'em. Mother was the only one that

seemed jest like herself. Birdie Lou had several little ones gathered about her. She was a tellin''em the Christmas story. Fer

a minute I could see a little girl in a red dress, with her fists in her pockets. I remembered a story book out in mv cabin in the

204 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Rockies, and I remembered a little package in my great coat pocket. I stepped into the hall and put my hand into the pocket.

I felt the little gold trinket in my fingers, but I drew my handkerchief out instead. No, I couldn't give it to her. It was a

child's gift, and she couldn't use it now. It was too late; my

little baby sister had growed into a woman. I felt my heartstrings drawin'tighter and tighter. There wasn't no tears, boys.

Things like that hurt too much fer tears. It's jest a dry grief

that makes your heart swell up 'till it bursts. I knew I'd never

see my baby sister again. I could never write another letter to

Santa Claus fer her, and I could never tell her another baby story.

She was lost to me as much as if she had died. No, I couldn't

give her the gift. I couldn't let them all know how the years had

been a slidin'through my fingers like the sands o'time, while I was asleep, as it was. Then the other things come back to me,

too. I could never do the things fer father I'd been plannin'all

the years. Mother was all I had left, and I made up my mind

right then and there to stay by her. I was glad when the Christmas was over, fer it only brought me pain. It wasn't like the

Christmas at home I'd been plannin'all them years, That Christmas would never come. It was jest a dream."

After a little silence, Hughie began again.

"The next spring I helped mother to plant a flowergarden.

She hadn't had one fer years. I painted the fence and trimmed

the hedge, and in the summer evenin's we used to carry the flowers we'd grown, and lay 'em on father's grave. Sometimes,

when we was walkin'home, she'd say, 'I think he really knows,

Hughie, what is goin'on. He'll be glad you come back to look

after me at the last.'

"She used to take a great comfort in me. Sometimes she'd

take one o'my hands in her little, thin, white ones and say, 'I'm so glad vou come back, Hugh! I'm so glad!'

"I tried to make things as happy fer her as I could; 'cause I

could see she was failin'fast. When the cold winter set in, she

grew weaker and thinner, and I knowed she'd be leavin'soon, too.

I used to take her out drivin'and I'd help her in the kitchen with her work. She insisted on doin'some things. She used to say it

was the old days comin'back ag'in, when they was jest her and

JUST A LITTLE BLUE STOCKING. 205

father. I tried to take his place, so she wouldn't miss him so.

But when the spring pansies begun to bloc m and the robins come into the garden to sing and to build their nests, she missed him more and more; and she finally left us for a little spell, and went

to him to live the old, lovedays over ag'in.

"Birdie Lou had gone to live with our sister, Ruth, and we locked up the old house. I spent a few weeks among 'em all,

but I couldn't stay long. The mountains was a callin'to me. I

could smell the sweet grass down in the medder, and hear the brook a laughin'and the birds a singin'. I could seethe hossmint

and the roses a growin'together in the shade o'the pines and quakin'-asp. And I could feel the cool wind on my cheeks as it

blew across the lake from old Sawtell peak. Yes, the wild things

was a callin'me, and I had to come. I went down to the two

green mounds in the churchyard, and I told Gcd all about it.

Then, boys, fer the first time I felt that he understood, and it was all right. I'd stayed away through the years when they was

needin'me at home; but, after all, I was the one that had lost.

I've been back sense, and I'll go again Sunday, but this is my home now. They need me here more'n the home folks do."

Hughie was silent. The boys pushed their chairs back from

the fire and prepared to go.

"Well, boys,"he said, "I'd like to say one thing more 'fore you go. Maybe some of you ain't got no homes to go to; maybe

some of you ain't got no one to miss you; if you ain't, then you

ought to be gettin'a home of your own. But if there is a home,

boys, you need to be there on Christmas. Don't put off goin'

back. This year's as good as any. Next year, maybe they won't

all be there. Maybe your baby sister will be growed up already.

They're jest babies once, and they're jest children once, and if you miss that once you can never bring it back, you know. It's

lost in the ages. Now, maybe srme of you have sent letters

home, and maybe you've sent money. They'll be glad to git it

to know you think of 'em. But money don't count fer much, boys.

It's when you give yourselves that you give joy. That kind o'

gifts can't be bought with money; and Christmas is the time fer

givin'gifts, you know. That's the reason the fust Christmas

gift'll be remembered ferever. God give his Son to the world,

206 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

and Jesus give hisself to the children of men. That was why the

angels sung glory to God, and on earth peace, good will to men."

IV.—Jim's Letter.

The boys went to their own bunks, one bv one. When Jim

was alone, he opened his letter. His fingers touched something

soft and fluffy. He drew it out. It was a baby's little blue stocking. There was a mended rent in the leg, and a hole neatly darned

in the toe. The stocking was slightly soiled. It had not been

washed since it was drawn from a chubby, little foot. Jim fancied

he could see the little pink toes and the white, plump knee.

"HoneyBird!''he whispered. "HoneyBird's stocking!"

He pressed it in his hand. Something crumpled in Ihe toe.

He drew out a wisp of paper. This, then, was the letter. A

baby's fingers had been guided by someone across the page. A

comical scrawl, rather hard to decipher, was the result. It ran:

Dear Brother Jim:—Come home soon. We need you. Santa

Claus is coming soon. I am sending you one of my little blue stockings.

You can hang it over the fireplace. Maybe he will think it is mine, and

will bring you something beautiful. Be good, Jim. We all love you.

I send you four kisses, 'cause I'm four years old. From your little sister,

HoneyBird.

Jim folded up the babyletter and placed it in the toe of the stocking. He was thinking of Birdie Lou. And in his heart he

knew that he would tell the Christmas story to HoneyBird this time.

He held the little stocking in his hand, as he watched the embers die in the grate. Just across from him he could see a

little woman, with a face all love and tenderness. It was a mental

picture, but he knew the face was Nellie's, and he wondered if she had seen the babyscrawl in the toe of the little blue stocking.

The next morning, while the men were getting ready to go into breakfast, Jim stepped into the cabin with the announcement, "Well, boys, I'm going home today."

"How's that, Jim?"asked Nelson.

They all thought of Hughie's story, but it had touched too deep for them to speak of it lightly.

JUST A LITTLE BLUE STOCKING. 207

"My sister says they need me,"replied Jim quietly. And

drawing the little stocking from the envelope he held it up to their gaze.

'asked the maildriver, as usual acting as "Who sent it, Jim? 1

mouthpiece for the crowd.

"It's from my baby sister, HoneyBird."

He then spread the babyletter out before them, and they, too, enjoyed the awkward scrawl. There was something very

tender in their hearts that morning. Several of the beys were

going home for Christmas. The Yulelog was burning in grates

beyond the valley. Christmas bells were calling to them from over

the purple mountains. Mayhap baby stockings were hanging by

their own mantels waiting to be filled.

After breakfast, they spoke quietly of their homegoing and their work in the valley. Some of the boys had no homes to claim

them, and they could not be prevailed upon to accompany those who had. be On one thing they all agreed, however—Hughie must

remembered. But what could it be? It must be a love gift, a

token from heart to heart—something that would bring warmth

and sunshine with it, and make the Christmas season mor e sweet to him.

V.—The Christmas Present, and the Parting.

"The boys tell me you're goin',Jim; they've sent fer yon,"

said Hughie quietly, as he walked into the cabin a little later.

"Yes, Hughie; they want me to come home for Christmas and

I think I ought to go,"Jim answered, as he kept on shaving.

The old man sat down and waited. Presently Jim passed him

the little square envelope- "There's the letter,"he said.

"Did Nellie write it?"asked the old man unconcernedly.

"No,"said Jim, "my baby sister did."

"Nellie held her hand, like enough,"mused Hughie quietly. "Like enough,"repeated Jim. In his heart he was praying

that the old man's conjecture might be true.

208 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Hughie opened the envelop and drew out the little blue stocking. He sat very quiet for several minutes looking at the little

stocking. Then he said simply,

"And the letter, Jim?"

"Is in the toe of the stocking."

"I might 'a known,"he said, "the things we wanted the most was alius last—alius right in the toe of the stocking."

He opened the tiny letter, and with his great hand smoothed it across his knee. He read it slowly twice. Then he drew out his

great blue handkerchief and wiped his eyes. He folded the letter

again and placed it in the toe of the stocking. He smoothed the

little stocking out across his knee, and stroked it tenderly as if it were some live, gentle thing. Finally he put it in the envelope

and passed it back to Jim.

"Give my love to Nellie, Jim, and to the old folks,"he said quietly. "And here, Jim, you can give this to HoneyBird. I

never felt I could give it away before. I'd like her to have it."

Jim took the tiny parcel and placed it carefully on the table.

"You've had it a long time, haven't you, Hughie? See, the

wrapper has told me; it is yellow with age."

"Yes, Jim; it's the trinket I bought for my baby sister

before I went home, you know. But she wasn't a baby when I got

there. I was too late!"

Taking the tiny blue stocking from the envelope, Jim removed the little letter and placed Hughie's gift in the toe.

"The best always comes last,"he said. "I shall tell her that

Uncle Hughie sent it to her by Santa Claus."

Then a sudden light crossed Jim's face. "You'll go home

with me, Hughie. You shall give it to her yourself.

"No,"answered Hughie decidedly. "Couldn't do it! Why it

wouldn't seem like Christmas to the Bensen children and the

Joneses, if I wasn't there to tell 'em the Christmas stories.

Besides, I've promised to call on Widow Sloan and her little boy, and old man Brunt will be lookin'fer me. They'll both need some

wood or flour or suthin', like enough. Anyway, it's too cold fer

'em to keep the paths open these days, and it won't take me no time to shovel 'em out, you know. No, Jim, I'll stay right here

and go about my regular work. But I have a long ride before me

JUST A LITTLE BLUE STOCKING. 209

tcday, and I won't get back in time to see any of you off. So I'll

say goodby now."

His big hand clasped Jim's firmly. "God bless you!"was all

he said. Then he sprang into the saddle and cantered up the

trail.

VI.—Jim's Welcome Home.

In Jim's heart was a song of joy. The years had been folded

together. All the sad things were blotted out; for a little

blue stocking had reached across the lonely waste and brought him back to the loved ones in the old home. Only a few short

days now until he would see them face to face, and hear their voices, and feel their warm handclasp. Hughie would not be

back until they had gone. He had taken a long ride purposely,

because he did not want to see them leave. The boys had several

hours in which to devise some gift for him.

It was a happy crowd of men who boarded the train at the station that night. Some of them would reach home the day before

Christmas, and some of them would not meet their dear ones until

Christmas day. As they dropped off one by one at the various

stations, a shower of good wishes followed them. When Jim

alighted at the little station in his home town he found only a few stragglers lounging about. It was only a short walk to the little

brown residence on the corner. As he looked out across the

town lights, it seemed to him only a few days since he was there before. Then he remembered the home folks again, and he

wondered if all was well with them. A sudden desire came upon

him to see them face to face. He began walking very rapidly.

The plank walk creaked under his feet. A sort of wild fear filled

his heart. What if some of them were ill or absent! or—he dared

not finish the thought. But there was the little brown house

now. The light streamed from the windows across the lawn to

meet him. He stepped softly onto the porch, and looked in

through the sashdoor. No one had heard him. His mother was

sitting in a low rocker with her knitting in her lap. A little girl

was tumbling with a kitten on a rug at her feet. That must be

HoneyBird. Another woman was sitting opposite his mother, but

210 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

her back was turned. He fancied her hair looked like Nellie's.

His father sat at the table with the family Bible open before him.

He was reading in a clear, distinct voice. Jim could hear the

words. He paused at the door and listened. He had heard the

same words many times before. His father continued:

''And suddenly there was with the angel a multitude of the heavenly host, praising God ani saying, 'Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men.''

From the door Jim could see a little blue stocking hanging by the mantel.

His father closed the Bible, his mother folded up her knitting, and the little girl arose and pushed back her tangled curls. Jim

knew it was time for evening prayer. He rapped gently on the

door. "Well, if it isn't Jim! Come in, boy, come in! Welcome

home, welcome home!"exclaimed his father, as he opened

the door.

His mother was almost overcome. When she could speak she

said falteringly, "Why, Jim, God could not have sent us a Christmas present that would have brought us more joy! I'm so glad you've

come!"Little HoneyBird cuddled up close to mamma. She felt half

afraid of the big, strange man.

"Haven't you a kiss for Brother Jim?"asked mamma.

"Thatain't my brutha Jim,"she declared. "It's a big man."

"You little traitor!"laughed Jim. "I am your big 'brutha,'

and I'll prove it shortly."

He had no time for proof just then, for there stood Nellie, just as sweet and beautiful as she was the night she had sent him away. She was smiling across the years at him. She was glad

that he had come back. For one moment he held her hand in his,

and all the world was new again.

"I've come back to stay, Nellie,"he said.

"I'm so glad!"she replied honestly.

HoneyBird was already tossing her curls at him, as if challenging him to a flirtation. Her little face beamed with

anticipation.

JUST A LITTLE BLUE STOCKING. 211

"You young truant!"laughed Jim, taking her into his arms

by main force. "So you disown me, do you? Who was it sent

me a little blue stacking, I wonder?"questioned he, taking it out of

his pocket and holding it up to view. "And who was it that

wrote me a little letter signed HoneyBird?"

"That's my babystockin'I used to wear,"she said defiantly, determined not to be outwitted. "And Nellie held my hand to

write the letter,"she concluded triumphantly.

"Like enough,"said Jim. There was a mist in his eyes, so

he did not see Nellie's blushes. "But come on now, HoneyBird,

and give me a kiss, if you want to hear that Christmas story I've been saving for you."

The bribe was too tempting to withstand, so she submitted to the big brother's kisses and listened to his pretty story. Soon

little eyelids began to droop.

"It's time for my little girl to be in bed,"said mamma.

"Oh, we must hang the stockings first, mamma,"smiled Jim.

"I've come two hundred miles to hang this little blue stocking alongside of the other one,"he remarked seriously, as he fastened it to the mantel.

That was a long, pleasant evening. Half of mother's wrinkles were hidden in smiles. And the gray veil that had hung about

father's face was rent asunder. His countenance beamed with

wholesome joy. Even Nellie's smile was sweeter, and Jim was a

veritable big beam of happiness. He felt as if the music of the

spheres was vibrating for him and his.

"Why, Jim, the trip's done you a world of good!"said his

father. "You look like a different man!"

"I feel like a different man, too, father,"he replied. "I begin

to see what life means now."

That night they knelt in family prayer together. To Jim it

was a glad omen of the joy that was awaiting him just ahead.

His heartstrings drew tightly together, when his father thanked

God for his return, and prayed for special gifts to be bestowed upon dear old Hughie.

After the prayer, mother said they would let Jim and Nellie fill the stockings tonight, just for old time's sake. For the love212 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

story in mother's heart had not grown old, and she knew the sweetest story must be told alone.

VII.—The Reconciliation.

When they were alone Jim took Nellie's hands in his, and looked long and earnestly into her eyes.

"You have waited, little girl, haven't you?"

"Yes, James; I knew you would come back."

"We can walk the path together now, Nellie, for I have found God."

"It will be a glad, sweet journey, I know,"she whispered.

"It will be heaven,"he replied solemnly. "For we shall live

and love and work together always. Perhaps the old dream will

come true,"he added.

"Perhaps,"she whispered.

A sacred joy overspread their faces, a glad thanksgiving filled their hearts.

VIII.—Hughie's Christmas Gift.

In a little cabin, up in the heart of the purple mountains, knelt an old man wrapt in prayer. Long years ago he had sacrificed his life to human love and its purposes. The sweet incense of

his generous, brotherly work had been ascending to heaven in all the years that had followed; but not until tonight did he know that

God had accepted his sacrificial offering. He knew tonight that

the years had not been wasted, for he had been doing God's work;

his life's purpose was being fulfiled.

One day, during the Christmas holidays, the maildriver came into the cabin, carrying a large, flat crate and a letter.

"Here's a letter for you, Hughie,"hejsaid, "and here's something the boys sent up."

Hughie came over slowly and examined the crate.

"Why, it's a picture,"he said. "I wonder who'd send me

such a big one?"

Nelson helped him to remove the slats, and then lifted the picture onto the table.

Hughie stood back and gazed at it in silence. It was done in

JUST A LITTLE BLUE STOCKING. 213

oils. It was a picture of Sawtell Peak. It took in the lake and

the bit of landscape where the dark pines and the old cabin stood.

A rift of sunshine lay across the old summit of eternal snow. It

glinted the purple walls beyond, and shed a glory on the dark pines. It kissed the ripples on the lake's surface and lighted up

the little window panes of the old cabin.

It was a long time before Hughie spoke. His eyes were full

of lovelight. Presently a glad smile lighted up his face.

"The boys sent it,"he said. "They must 'a'got it of Brandon. He made it last summer, you know. Don't you know how

he used to set out there in the old boathouse and work by the hour? I didn't think he'd sell it. It must 'a'cost a heap."

After another long loving look he continued:

"I guess Brandon knew the old mountain 'bout as well as I do. I see he's caught the cove and the gully and that little rip to

the west there, where we had the snowslide six years ago. It's

like it, boys! It's mighty like it!"

Then his eyes caught a small card fastened to the frame. He

read the inscription: "For our dear Hughie, from the Boys. Just

because we love him. We thank God that Hughie sent us home in

time."His voice trembled a little when he spoke again.

"I guess God knows where we b'long better'n we do,"he mused. "And he puts us right where we kin do the thing he meant

fer us to do. Now Sawtell Peak there wouldn't be o'no use at

all in York State. That's why God put it out here amongst the

lakes and the forests and the wild things. He knew we needed it."

His hand touched the big frame lovingly. "I didn't think

they'd do it!"he said hoarsely. Then he walked out of the cabin.

He did not remember his letter until later in the day. It was

from HoneyBird. When she had drawn the gold trinket from the

toe of her stocking on Christmas morning, her joy was unbounded.

She tore off the yellow wrapper excitedly and slipped a little gold bracelet onto her plump, white arm.

"Uncle Hughie sent it to you by Santa Claus,"explained Jim.

"Uncle Hughie once had a little sister, but she grew into a big lady, so he thought maybe you'd like to be his little sister and wear the pretty bracelet. Would you?'

"Oh, yes, I'll be Hughie's sister, and I'll write him a letter.

Nellie can hold my hand."

214 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And so, after several trials, the chubby fingers, guided byNellie's hind, finally traced the following scrawl across the paper:

Dear Uncle Hughie:—Santa Claus brought me the pretty bracelet

and I like it awful much; thank you. I'll be your little sister. I'll pray

for you most every night, like I used to pray for my big brutha Jim.

Jim come home for Christmas. We hung the little blue stockings up

togetha. Nellie is holding my hand so I can write to you. Be good. We

all love you. Your little sister,

HoneyBird.

Hughie read the letter over several times, and 'chough his eyes were moist, they twinkled. A peaceful smile spread across

the kind old face.

"I'm goin'to see my little sister HoneyBird,"he promised himself. "I'm goin'to see her 'fore she grows up."Then a

happy determination sprang up in his heart.

"God willing,"he whispered softly to himself, "I'm goin'to help HoneyBird hang the little blue stocking over the fireplace next Christmas."

Lewisville. Idaho.

(the end. )

Photo bv Da\ id B. Anderson

One of the old guns of the Revolutionary War, Fort McHenry, Md.,

where the battle was fought that inspired The StarSpangled Banner.

For the Development of Character.

Helpful Stories and Anecdotes.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF A BRIEF HISTORY OF

THE CHURCH,""a LIFE OF BRIGHAM YOUNG,"ETC.

Beware of False Guides.

A young person should learn early in life discernment—

power to see things in their true light—to observe objects from

a true viewpoint, so that he shall not be deceived by false appearances and representations. Most dangerous to a cause is a half

lie, presented in such a way that it appears to be truth. Boys

should learn how necessary it is to have the right kind of companions, wno will not place a false glitter upon facts, nor represent things to be what they are not. A day of awakening will come,

when the boy who follows false guides will be chagrined and humiliated for his ignorance, and cry, "If I had only known! If

I had only known!"

John H. Squires, of Rexburg, Idaho, relates an amusing

story, which he very appropriately names, "A Missionary Prank,"illustrating the point in view. Mr. Squires says that the elder in

question, on his arrival at Leipsic, had seen so much in so short a time that it was an easy matter to take him over the same ground twice and have it appear new. Here is the story:

In the spring of 1894, I had the pleasure of laboring as a missionary in the city of Leipsic, which is a quaint old German town, and the largest and busiest place in that pare of Germany—

the division known as the kingdom of Saxony.

216 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Big fairs are held there each year, and with the university, the conservatory of music, and the art gallery, have been the means of making thousands of strangers acquainted with Leipsic 's many features of interest.

It was during this spring that my companion was called to labor in Palestine. He was told to wait in Leipsic for Elder

A, a missionary who was likewise called to go to Palestine.

Elder A soon came, and proved to be an enthusiastic young missionary, just over from Utah. His only experience thus far

had been that of travel and sightseeing. At home he had

received a very fair education, and at school his study of history and geography had made him very anxious to see the great places and things of interest in Europe.

He arrived at Leipsic with his mind filled almost to the limit with the strange sights and incidents of a long journey over land and sea. In each large city, he had visited the cathedral, the

museums and art galleries; yet, ever anxious to see more, it

became my duty to show him around Leipsic, while my own companion prepared for his trip to Palestine.

I took him first to the great markethall, one of the largest in the world, then to the fine new library, with its hundreds of thousands of books. He was delighted with the beautiful marble

entrance to the library and the elegant reading room, but was bewildered by the many rooms through which we passed, each crowded to the limit with books.

We were now ready for the art gallery. A walk of a few

blocks brought us to a large square in the center of which is the gallery. On the inside the pictures have been placed in a series of

rooms each connected with the other in such a way that you may pass from the first room into the next, and so on through all of the others and back again to the first.

Elder A did not know that we could thus move from room to room, and at last return to our starting place.

The walls of the different rooms are crowded with the masterpieces of German and Italian artists. We entered one of the

most interesting rooms first. Elder A was lost in admiration.

To begin with, he examined each picture carefully to learn who was the artist. He soon discovered the folly of even trying to

FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF CHARACTER. 217

pronounce, much less remember, so many difficult foreign names.

In one room was a lifesized portrait of Napoleon. Elder A

admired this very much, and expressed surprise that the Germans should have a picture of Napoleon on exhibition. I explained to

him that one of the greatest of Napoleon's battles was fought in 1813, near Leipic, and that I would take him out with me to the southeast part of the city and show him a large monument indicating the spot where Napoleon stood and commanded the terrible conflict. Napoleon was put to flight.

I told Elder A I thought the Germans were glad to show the portrait of the famous general and be able to tell that he had been defeated near Leipsic.

We passed on around through the different rooms, chatting and admiring the paintings, as we went, and had returned to the portrait of Napoleon.

"My goodness!"exclaimed Elder A, "there is another

portrait of Napoleon!"

Elder A was not aware that we were on our second trip around, I quickly led him from the portrait, explaining, as I did so, that I would take him to Peterstrasse, the narrow, crooked street through which Napoleon and his generals made their escape when put to flight.

I was curious to see how far I could lead Elder A before he discovered that he was looking at pictures for the second time.

I kept up his interest until we returned again to Napoleon. "Well,

well, another picture of Napoleon!"he exclaimed, as he viewed

the great warrior for the third time.

"Yes,"I answered quietly. "How would you like to see the

monument on the River Pleise, not far from here, where Napoleon and his fleeing army rushed to cross, and fcund the bridge destroyed. Napoleon commanded the soldiers to plunge into the

deep, sluggish, stream, and cross. So many who first started lost

their lives that the rest were able to cross the river on the dead bodies of their comrades."

"What a dreadful thing is war, and how heartless of

Napoleon!"said Elder A, as he was led by me for the third

time from the room.

We left the gallery. He had not discovered that he had seen

218 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

all of the pictures twice, and some of them three times. As we

walked away he wondered that the Leipsic gallery contained such a vast number of fine paintings, so many more than he had seen in the art gallery in London.

I told him I had not yet seen the London gallery, and did not know how it compared with the gallery in Leipsic, but I ventured the assertion to him that London could not produce so many fine portraits of Napoleon.

I never told him how I had led him around. He had such confidence in me that I hated to let him know how I had played upon

his confidence.

Young man, have you a companion showing you how much greater and better and grander your opportunities for advancement, work and progress will be if you leave your good home and people to go there or yonder?—beware lest he is leading you around the

gallery Have you a chum who tells you that the men of the world are so much freer than you are, and that your religion tends to make you narrow and onesided, and then invites you to come out into the open and see the big world?—take heed that he does

not lead you around the gallery!

Have you a socalled friend who tells you of the pleasure and freedom and manliness you may gain in the club room, at the gamingtable, in the saloon, in the poolroom, with upto-date companions, as compared to the humdrum of home and school, it down, he is leading youand the Church ward organizations?—set

around the gallery! Every time, too, that you express surprise at

a new Napoleon, he laughs in his sleeve at your ignorance and credulity.

Be a Man.

Onesided development is fatal to a wellrounded character.

What we know is of great consequence, for ignorance is a fearful handicap to any man; but how we feel and act, what we do in

applying our knowledge, and what we really are, count most in character.

FOB THE DEVELOPMENT OF CHARACTER. 219

In a recent number of the Utah Educational Review, an editorial writer relates that some years ago he was lecturing in one of the remote counties in Utah. One hot summer evening he sat

on the front step of a ranch house with the rancher, both in their shirt sleeves, after a long, hot day in the hayfield.

"Professor,"said the rancher, "this morning when you offered to help me I thought it was only a joke. About ten o'clock

I was willing to admit that you handled a fork pretty well for a professor. By the middle of the afternoon I knew that you were

a man as well as a professor.

"Now,"he continued, "I have three brothers who have been to college. One is principal of our school, at forty dollars a

month; one is a clerk in the town store at about the same pay; and

the other is the sissyboy you see out there at the gate, flirting with the girls. He's been around here most of the summer, grumbling at the grub. I've had some notion to pay his way for

another year in college, just to get him off the place. Is it any

wonder I have no faith in college education?"

The Inland Sea.

(For the Improvement Era.)

The Salton sea, inland beside Gray sands and shaggy crags snowcapped,

Serenely rolls her heavy tide By deserts wide and rocks enwrapped.

From eastward yawning canyons deep,

Pure streams o'erflood the blue expanse;

Soft west winds parched her moisture reaps,

Stale, brackish lake, the salts entrance.

Thou sapphire gem of mountains high.

Mere vestige now of wider sea, *

Reflect, beneath clear, azure sky,

The western peaks so dear to me!

Rufus Leigh.

Ann Akbor, Michigan.

The Creation of the Earth.

BY FREDERICK J. PACK, A. M., PH. D., DESERET PROFESSOR OF

GEOLOGY, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

III.

The Geological Record.

But little attempt will be made to explain the methods of interpretation used by the geologist in ascertaining the ages of the various rock formations. Two principles chiefly are used

superposition (the state of being laid one upon another) and fossil content. The geologist recognizes that the rocks comprising the

outer part of the earth had their origin through the same agencies and in much the same way as similar deposits are now being formed, i. e., by the deposition of sediments largely in lakes and

oceans. It is, of course, apparent that each layer thus formed is

younger than the layer upon which it rests. To the geologist this

principle reveals the truth that the older rocks occur at the base of the great stratigraphic column, while the successively younger ones are higher up.

Our present beaches are strewn with the remains of a diversity of creatures, similar forms of which are living nearby. Many

of the land forms, as well as the aquatic, are preserved by being buried in the accumulating sediments. These types represent a

part of the life of this particular age, and would at some future time furnish a key as to the nature of the flora and fauna existing at the time that the sediments were laid down. And so it is with

the great geologic column—the various types now found in fossil

THE CREATION OF THE EARTH. 221

condition reveal the nature of the life which characterized the times during which the various rock masses were deposited. Hence, by

beginning at the base of the geological column, one may read the chronologic history of the faunal and floral life simply by noting the nature of the fossil content of each succeeding series of rocks.

The careful examination of literally thousands of geologic sections at greatly diversified points, reveals, without a single exception, one and the same chronology. Further, each of the greater (and often

minor) subdivisions of this column is characterized by a flora and fauna unlike those of other subdivisions. This fact enables the

geologist to identify the horizon or age, even though lower (older) or higher (younger) rocks are not exposed at the place of observation.

Primarily, by the application of these principlesof superposition and fossil content, the geologist has worked out, in considerable detail, the history of the various life forms which have inhabited the earth. But, just as in profane history, the record

becomes more aid more illegible as one reaches back into the distant past. In geology this is the case principally for two reasons:

firstly, the animal and plant forms were not so abundant, were less diversified in form, and possessed fewer parts capable of being preserved; and, secondly, the forms that were originally in a good

state of preservation have subsequently been more or less destroyed by the processes of time.

The geologist carries the history just as far back as authentic records will permit him to go. Through a somewhat close relationship of forms, he is enabled to classify (somewhat arbitrarily at

times) the earth's history into various divisions and subdivisions, each of which, of course, is characterized by a fauna and flora of its own.

In the following table the division of time is that adopted by the International Geological Congress. The righthand column is appended

to show the characteristic life of each of the major subdivisions:

Psychozoic Quaternary Age of Man

True mammals appear and Cenozoic Tertiary become dominant

Reptiles dominant, birds Cretaceous abundant

Mesozoic Reptiles dominant, birds

Jurassic appear

Triassic Cycads culminate

Permian Amphibians dominant

Carboniferous Acrogens dominant

Devonian Fishes dominant Paleozoic Silurian Invertebrates still dominant

Ordovician Fishes first appear

Cambrian All classes of invertebrates

Evidences of both animal Algonkian and plant life PreCambrian Archaean No direct evidences of life

The Archaean system does not form a part of the orginal earthstuff, but may have been derived directly from it. The rocks

of this system contain no direct evidences of life through the presence of fossils, yet, from information derived from other sources, it is confidently inferred that organisms in great numbers already existed.

In the Grand Canyon of the Colorado river, and in the Belt mountains of Montana, the Algonkian system furnished abundant evidence of life, but the fossils are fragmentary and difficult of exact identification. They belong, however, to the lower forms of

life, largely referable to the Crustacea, Brachiopoda, etc.

THE CREATION OF THE EARTH. 223

The Cambrian period is represented in fossil form by an abundance of animals and some plants. The fossils show that the life

was not only widely diversified in form, but well developed in structure. Practically all of the later invertebrates were represented

by ancestral types in the life of this age. The geologist does not

look upon the Cambrian life as strictly primitive; he sees back of

and beyond it enormous periods of time in which this life had its origin. It should be noted, however, that only the more simple

types of animals and plants, as we know them today, had made their appearance by Cambrian times.

The Ordovician flora and fauna were slightly advanced over those of the preceding period. The most interesting feature of

this age, however, was the appearance of a primitive backboned creature. At Canyon City, Colorado, and elsewhere, the remains

of primitive fish occur in strata of the Ordovician age. These early

vertebrate forms, however, were by no means abundant, and were not well specialized as were those of later periods.

During Silurian times the invertebrate forms were still dominant. The flora and fauna had become slightly more specialized

and complex than those of the preceding period.

The Devonian was so abundantly represented by aquatic vertebrates, that it has been called the "Age of Fishes."All of

the higher Cryptogams (flowerless plants) were represented both by large, treelike forms and smaller plants. Some of the lower

forms of the Gymnosperms (flowering plants) were also present.

The amphibians, the lowest of airbreathing vertebrates, were also representtd in the Devonian.

Some of the plants became extinct during the Carboniferous, while others became more abundant and diversified. The topographic features were such as to offer excellent facilities for the

preservation of plant life. It is within this system that practically

all of the coal of the eastern United States occurs. The fauna

was also materially changed over that of the Devonian.

During Permian times the Amphibians greatly increased in numbers and in complexity. The reptiles were also present in great

numbers.

The Triassic flora was greatly in advance of that in the Carboniferous or Permian. The Amphibians reached their culminat224 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing importance, and the reptiles appeared in great numbers of diversified form.

The reptiles of the Jurassic period were of a higher and more diversified form than those in the Triassic. The most remarkable

feature of this period was the appearance of birds, the oldest type known to science having been found in the lithographic limestones of Bavaria.

It may fairly be questioned whether the Cretaceous reptiles were more abundant than those of the Jurassic. Large numbers

had disappeared and others had taken their places. The reptiles

became the dominant forms of land, sea, and air. Many of the

genera were the largest land animals that ever existed. The birds

were more abundant and more diversified than those of the Jurassic. Nearly all of the coal of the Rocky mountain region o:curs

in the rocks of this system.

The opening of the Tertiary was heralded by the appearance of large numbers of true mammals. They soon became greatly

diversified in form, size, and habits of living. It was during this

period that all of the more common animals, including the horse, cow, deer, bear, elephant, dog, cat, etc., appeared. The close of the

Tertiary differed but little with the present time, except in the absence of man. The exact time at which he appeared is still an

open question. Some geologists hold the opinion that he may have

come in near the close of the Tertiary, while others emphatically assert that he did not appear until well within the early Pleistocene (lower Quaternary). All agree that he is practically the last

of the great series to be created.

IV.

Summary and Conclusion.

In the first article of this series it was stated that the Biblical chronology of creation, as outlined in the first chapter of the

Book of Genesis, has been vindicated in almost every detail by modern scientific discovery. The second and third articles deal

with the principal hypothesis of earth origin and the geological record respectively. Attention will now be directed to the similarity of the facts derived from these three independent sources.

It will be noted that the writer has attempted no explanation

THE CREATION OF THE EARTH. 225

of the length of time involved in the creation of the earth. Nothing has been said of the term "day,"as found in the Biblical

account. Nothing concerning methods of creation has been

attempted. These things have purposely been avoided, not

because they present any difficulties, but because we are dealing solely with the matter of chronology. For the present argument, even the identity of the writer of the Book of Genesis

matters not. The outcome would be the same, whether the chronology were written by Moses, or by some of the ancient Chaldeans

or Babylonians. If it can be shown that the two chronologies

agree, then the argument for the divine authenticity of the Biblical account will be established.

According to the Biblical account, the first command of the

Great Creator was "Let there be light;"and yet it will be

remembered that according to the same narrative the sun, moon and stars were not created until the fourth day. This apparant

inconsistency in the appearance of light, independent of the celestial luminaries, is converted into a profound truth through the researches of modern science. Physicists and astronomers alike

agree that the accretion of nebulous or planetesimal material in the creation of the earth would inevitably generate large quantities of light. In discussing some of the earlier stages in the history

of the earth, but with no reference whatever to the Biblical chronology, Professor Chamberlain, of the University of Chicago, states, "There was, however, a terrestrial source of heat and light* of critical importance, namely, that arising from the infall ofplanetesimals."Further, "The planetesimals between the earth and

the sun, during the early stages before they were much swept up by the inner planets, may have screened off some appreciable part of the sun's heat and light; but the ratio of nebular matter to

space was probably too small to render this loss critical. So long

as the nebula itself remained luminous the nebular light compensated, in a greater or less degree, for the solar light cut off, but perhaps not for the heat."(See Chamberlain and Salisbury's

Geology, 1906, Vol. II, pp. 113, 114,). This complete agreement

of Biblical statement and fact of recent scientific acceptance is

* The Italics in the article are mine.

226 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

most remarkable, especially when it is called to mind that the writer of the Biblical chronology could not have known of the existence of light independant of the celestial luminaries, this being a doctrine only of the most recent times. And in addition

to this, it should be remembered that the event is placed in its correct position in the chronology.../

Through a commandment of Deity, the firmament, or expanse, appeared on the second day. The exact meaning of this statement is not perfectly clear, but it very likely has its counterpart

in the scientific chronology in the events which cleared the space surrounding the earth by the infalling of accretion or nebulous material. Before this time the earth had not been an independent

sphere, but the materials comprising it had been scattered throughout the solar space, and thus the firmament did not appear until the major part of this planetary material was withdrawn from it.

One of the first events readily proved from the geological record is the segregation of the land and water, thus forming the continental areas and the ocean basins. (It should be noted that the

scientific evidence thus far presented comes from the cosmogonist, and not from the geologist). In speaking of the early differentiation of land and water, Professor Chamberlain says: "It is not

necessary to suppose that there was, at the outset, a general or continuous covering of certain large areas by water, and a general continuance of land in other areas, but merely that over certain portions of the globe water areas were more abundant than over other areas. Where water predominated, it may at first have

taken the form of numerous small bodies The tendency would always be toward the more complete unification of the land areas and water areas, respectively. So long as the earth

continued to grow appreciably by accession, the water areas should continue to grow larger and deeper, and the land areas narrower and higher After growth cea el, and modern processes became dominant, a more nearly balanced relation of sea and land is thought to have ensued, with a close approximation to constancy"(pp. 109, 110). It is a well accepted fact in geology

that the continents, with practically their present outlines, came into existence sometime near the close of the preCambrian.

THE CREATION OF THE EARTH. 227

According to the Biblical account, the work of the third "day"culminated in the appearance of plants of various kinds, but it asserts that the lower forms of animals appeared on the fifth "day."Geologic history records the appearance of plants

and animals contemporaneously. Both the geologist and the biologist, however, see very good reasons for believing that plants were

created long before animals. The earliest forms of plants with

which we are acquainted were very fragile, and much less susceptible to preservation than were the animal forms possessing harder chitinous,or calcareous parts. From this viewpoint alone it appears

probable that plants may have existed long before animals, but because of their delicacy were not preserved. The biologist calls

attention to the absolute necessity for the appearance of plants before animals, the latter being incapable of deriving a livelihood directly from mineral matter alone. It will be remembered that

plant life is capable of obtaining its food directly from mineral matter, while animal life cannot do this, but must receive at least a part of its food from material previously worked over by plants.

For this reason biologists and paleontologists agree that plant life must have been the first to appear.

Astronomers and cosmogonists agree that the earth must have been well along in its history before the full light from the sun reached the earth unimpeded. Chamberlain, in speaking of

the declining supply of planetsimals, says, "This diminution of the supply cleared the space between the earth and the sun, and gradually brought the latter into jull function. There would, therefore, be a gradual passage from the partial dependence on the

home supply of heat and light, to a complete dependence on the solar supply. There is little ground for apprehension that the

infailing planetesimals would be seriously dangerous to the early forms of life, for, in the first place, the atmosphere must havs been then, as now, an effective cushion, checking the speed of the planetesimals, and partly dissipating them; and, in the second

place, the early organisms were probably all acquatic, and were further protected by their watercovering"(pp. 114, 115.)

the sun The exact time at which the unscreened light fr m reached the earth is not definitely known. The concensus of opinion,

however, places it at about the same time as the introduction of 228 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

life. Chamberlin, as will be noted in the last preceding quotation, has this event follow the appearance of primitive life. The

Biblical chronology places it on the fourth "day,"and just following the creation of the plants, but preceding the animals.

It should be noted that the scientists'inability to definitely place this event does not arise through any disagreement with the Biblical chronology, but is the result of paucity of historic facts dealing with this particular feature. So far as scientific

research has been able to go in this direction it has agreed in almost every detail with the sacred chronology.

The fifth creative period, according to the Biblical account, witnessed the appearance of two great types of animal life—the

creatures that swarm in the waters, and the fowls that "fly above the earth in the open firmament of heaven."Geology has no

difficulty in definitely outlining the sequence of events from this point on. The Cambrian period (and possibly the Algonkian

of the preCambrian) was characterized by an abundance of aquatic invertebrates. In later periods, fishes in great numbers became

dominant, but these soon gave place to the amphibians and reptiles. The Jurassic period marked the appearance of birds, which

in the Cretaceous became abundant and highly diversified. The

similarity, if not to say the complete identity, of the Biblical and scientific chronologies relating to the matter must be apparent without further comment.

According to the Biblical account the sixth "day"was characterized by the appearance of landliving creatures, culminating with man. Geological history clearly records the fact that mammals became dominant within the early Tertiary, and that man made

his appearance near the beginning of the succeeding period, the

Pleistocene.

One rather important item of difference in the two chronologies seems to lie in the matter pertaining to the appearance of fruitbearing trees. The geological record states that they did

not have their origin until long after the Biblical account places them. It should be not d, however, that plants as a whole are

placed in their prober position in the chronological record, and this item, therefore, perhaps may be considered as of secondary importance.

THE CREATION OF THE EARTH. 229

The following outlined comparisons of the two chronologies if n0t to apparent S ** BIBLICAL CHRONOLOGY CHRONOLOGY DEDUCED BY SCIENCE 'Hght independ "an immediate 'l!tKn bem, earth made an independent The appearance of the firmament The

or expanse. sphere through the accretion of

the nebulous material.

Segregation of the land and water. Outlining of the continental masses

and ocean basins.

appearance of vegetation,,. The soon TuThe nraacreation+:nn,of vegetation. followed by the lowest forms of

animal life.

Creation of the sun, moon and stars The unscreened light of the sun reaches the earth.

Creation of waterliving creatures Aquatic invertebrates abundant in the Cambrian, followed by fishes.

appearance of birds in the, First nbreation,. offowls.. Jurassic, becoming in abundant

the Cretaceous.

Creation of landliving creatures Appearance of mammals in the

Tertiary.

Creation of man. Appearance of man.

It, of course, cannot be argued that the two chronologies agree in every detail. One was written more than three thousand

years ago, under circumstances entirely foreign to modern advancement, and had for its purpose the religious guidance of individuals untutored in even the crudest elements of science. Of necessity, it was couched in language which could be understood by

its readers, and was not intended as a scientific presentation of the facts of creation. But well within the foreground of the

Biblical account the chronology stands out in its true position.

It has previously been shown, in article I of this series, that the writer of the account could not have received his information from the learning of his day; that he could not have arrived at

the matter through a process of reasoning, and that the chronology could not have been the result of chance. It has now been

shown that the Biblical account has been vindicated in almost every detail by modern science. The only conclusion, therefore,

which reasonably can be reached, is that the writer of this chro230 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

nology was inspired in his efforts, and consequently, that the divine authenticity of the Book of Genesis has been corroborated through the researches of modern science.

(the end.)

The Fisherman.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Dawn in the mountains, its glory around him,

Far from the turmoil we wage for greed's god,

Tints that no brush ever yet touched to canvas,

Sparkling dewdrops that litter the sod;

Breath of the wildwood, all laden with fragrance

Sluggish blood leaps at the mystery it feels,

Waterfalls tumble with echoing laughter

Here at the shrine where the fisherman kneels.

Hurrying Night hides away in her caverns,

Conquered and routed by dimpling Morn,

Druid trees wave high their pinions, saluting

Crags a?ons old ere their green shafts were born.

All the wild life wakens now at his bidding,

He, the great Sun, coming into his own.

Carroling birds raise an anthem to greet him;

Darkness and shadow far westward have flown.

Untrammeled waters swirl, heeding no master,

Leaping and dashing with babble and roar,

White waterlilies find sundappled haven

In some broad bend cutting into the shore.

Shimmering lake glints with bright, dancing sunbeams,

Rippling waves kiss the grasscovered strandMother and fawn crop the tender young cresses

As in the cool water kneedeep they stand.

Wide stands the door to the soul who may enter

Into the holy of holies laid bare;

Nature's warm pulse throbs with joy to receive him

Into her temple to join in her prayer,

Raised and renewed by the touch she accords him.

Sordidness finds in his being no part.

Cleaner and better he comes from his fishing,

Feeling a kinship with Nature's great heart.

Dr. J. Lloyd Woodruff.

Mapusaga, a Factor in Progressive Samoa.

BY ELDER JOHN Q. ADAMS, OF THE SAMOAN MISSION.

III.

Appearing on the scene of comparatively late years, the elders of the Latterday Saints, with their practical, forceful system of training the natives, have done much to raise the standard of intelligence of this island race to the requisite level of comprehending the meaning of life, where they might appreciate thoroughly and live consistently the gospel principles. Apparently a keen,

correct insight into the difficult problems confronting the elders has been granted them, for within a fleeting twentyeight years, our combined school and colonization system has forged to the front, until now our school at Mapusaga is the recognized leader anions a number cf much older institutions. Or, we

GROUP OF MAPUSAGA SCHOOL BOYS IN ONE OF THEIR PICTURESQUE

DANCES. 232 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

might more properly say, the present combination dates back no further than 1902.

Why? one naturally asks. Laying aside all religious atmosour side we have the preponderatingphere,—for with Truth on

there yet remains a cogent reason or so toadvantage—and

advance. To begin, the one

irrefutable fact must be implanted in the mind of the native, that no true happiness exists in an idle community. Work, asanantedote

for tropical laziness, is a remedy not particularly emphasized by others to the extent that the Latterday Saints lay stress upon it. In the

development of our two local cocoanut plantations our Saints have done the brunt of the heavy, manual labor. The

onlooker will invariably ask, "Do they take to it?""Why

all this reversal of the naturally lazygoing order of a hot zone?""Why introduce manHOW COCOANUTS ARE BROUGHTual labor among a race who

TO EARTH. feast continually without the worry of much previous preparation?"Such queries were propounded

to the writer by a tourist in Apia, not long since, and here is the reply given him: "My dear sir, had you but time to take a run up to

our model village, you would then behold a community consisting entirely of those of our faith. You would observe the men going

forth in the early morning, with axes on their shoulders, and after swinging all day at forest monsters, return in the evening, weary but contented. You would see the women as industriously engaged

in the various avocations incident to such scenes, and in all the hum of a busily engaged collection of humanity, you would fail to find a discordant note of discontent or unwillingness; instead, the

MAP USAGA, A FACTOR IN PROGRESSIVE SAMOA. 232

new order of things would strike you as being rather a pleasing contrast to outside conditions, the halfclad savagery supplemented by the decentlyattired, happy, contented individual."

Thus was his question answered, and thus may all similar inquiries be met. Our

Saints here, as elsewhere, work; and this means everything in advancement.

A,.,,, A BANANALEAF HUT. Again, while the uniIn which the elder lived who superinversal custom of the islands

is. to, use tobacco. v without.,. retended the bushcutting,&

straint,rour boys and girls are taught its baneful effects; and by

prohibiting its use, we have model villages in this respect. With

GROUP OF TUTUILA ELDERS AND NATIVE SCHOOL GIRL.

GROUP OF MAPUSAGA ENGLISH SPEAKING GIRLS.

respect to the oldtime customs and habits which are difficult to eradicate, we may depend upon time and gradually weaning, to produce an entirely different, idealized race of people.

So much for a "preliminary survey,"which, after all, is the gist of at least one division of the subject we had in mind in the beginning. A paragraph or so may be

added relative to the actual prevailing conditions of the school, as an observer might view it, in its daily routine.

Suppose he should come strolling in from the coast some early morning. After an inland walk of three

miles, partly through banana and cocoanut patches, and partly in the dense shade of the tropical wilderness, he would suddenly emerge into the dazzling light of a big clearing adorned with stumps, great treetrunks and BRINGING THE ELDERS short shrubbery, and interspersed FOOD.

at regular intervals with small cocoanut trees. The trail borders the clearing for nearly

MAP USAGA, A FACTOR IN PROGRESSIVE SAMOA. 235

a mile, the broad, bare mountain side being displayed to good advantage, surmounted by a fringe of forest for all the world like a gigantic?

welltrimmed pompadour. (The illustration appeared in the November Era,

page 54.) Shortly, extensive banana patches are passed and directly the first halfdozen thatched houses of our village peep out from either side of the trail, as the village green or playground is traversed.

The elders'house, undoubtedly the only good one of its class on the islands, looms up pretentiously from its elevated site. It is large and roomy—56x25

feet, with lumber floor, partitions and

ONE OF OUR BRIGHT side railings, the upper part being

YOUNG BOYS native made. It is at once simple,

SECTION ( F MAPUSAGA, AS IT APPEARS FR"M THE MOUNTAINSIDE.

236 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

necessary pointstrong, and above all else, cool and airy—a

to be consideredhere. The church and schoolhouse, a large,

frame building is also situated on a commanding spot of ground, and one is struck with astonishment to learn that the material for both these large buildings, as well as for other things, was all carried up a narrow, stony, bushy trail, a distance of three miles, on the backs of school boys and girls. Rather a forceful arguThe photos in this article by the author.

ELDERS'HOUSE, MAPUSAGA.

ment of itself, no doubt. Tons of sand and limerock, boards,

timbers, roofing iron, kegs of nails, barrels of cement, each weighing three hundred and sixty pounds, etc., etc., all find a

secure resting place upon the calloused shoulders of these children, and all without complaint. And added to this is the fact that in

the early morning food is prepared, while from seven until twelve they are busy in school. Immediately upon dismissal of school,

off they trudge, day after day, to either weed the plantation with

MAP USAGA, A FACTOR IN PROGRESSIVE SAMOA. 287

great, long knives, cut trees, or carry burdens of various sorts from the coast. Is

it any wonder that the elders learn to love them?

Laboring in such a place is inspirational in many ways. One sees a

small, uncouth tot begin an uphill career in the school, his instinct telling him that Samoan ideals are in advance f a11 otners > wmle CHURCH AND SCHOOLHOUSE.

This building serves for both church and sohool. ms teacher an(| sur"

The material was carried on the backs of school rounding conditions children, from the coast, a distance of three forcefully proclaim miles, up a stony, narrow, bushy trail.

to the contrary.

By degrees, as months mould themselves into years, perhaps two or three, the once rough diamond takes on a polish of the sort that most encourages the teacher, and in the semiannual pilgrimage our school takes to Pago Pago, with a well prepared conference program to present before the crew of the man of war stationed there, the children are supremely happy in the light of the new life.

In conclusion: There is deep joy and satisfaction in this

bringing of the young generation of Lamanites to the comparatively high standard their forefathers once departed from when jealousy, hatred and sin crept into the family of Father Lehi, sending his two eldest sons on a downward course, as the progenitors of a race that, after some hundreds of years of retrogression, has fallen into line with the spirit of the times, and is steadily regaining lost ground. In the accomplishing of this on these

islands, our school at Mapusaga is playing a recognized part of consequence.

Pago Pago, Samoa.

Life's Work.

(For the Improvement Era.)

How weak the words we often choose,

How frail the weapons that we use,

In teaching truth or fighting wrong!

And duty's oft a dusty road, And for our strength too great the load,

As the still years pass along.

But sometimes, through a mist of tears,

Fair blooming in the vale of years,

All unexpectedly we meet A young soul saved, a sin laid low,

A virtue planted where 'twould grow—

A recompense for weary feet.

Then to oblivion's shadowy plain,

Departs the care, the grief, the pain

The soul bathes in immortal light

We feel God rather blessed the thought

Than anything our hands have wrought, 'Tis his, the soul, the truth, the fight.

How bright the blooms from seeds we sow,

Only the Infinite can know, Our dim eyes cannot see.

What depth of bliss or wordless woe

May from our lightest accents flow,

Is curtained by eternity.

Ellen Lfe Sanders.

Provo, Utah.

The Nephite Shepherd.

A Book of Mormon Story, in Two Parts.

BY ARTHUR V. WATKINS.

Part Two.

I.—Tomorrow—and then—a Kingdom!

It was a beautiful day. The fields outside the city were carpeted with vegetation. Nature had smiled on the people of Zarahemla. The spring rains had been plentiful. The harvest the

year before was great, but the prospects for the one in the future were even greater. The parks within the city were at the

height of beauty. The trees, tropic and temperate, were loaded

with blossoms, filling the air with a delightful fragrance. The

lawns and gardens were in such splendor as to cause the heart of the worst pessimist to rejoice.

Glad, apparently, were the hearts of two young people, as they sat looking into each others'faces, upon this day when all the world seemed to smile. But it was only seemingly, as later

events proved. They had been out in the garden, in the rear of

the chief governor's home, talkiDg of their coming marriage.

They had spent many evenings in the garden, listening to the play of the fountains, hunting some new flower, or watching the sun set beyond the distant mountains of their beloved land. To Zira

it seemed almost an enchanted place—this garden of her father's

tired of being in it, and showing its beauty to—she never became

those whom she loved.

To Zemnariah it was a doubly enchanted place, almost holy, 240 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

if such thing were possible in this life. To this home he had been

welcomed by the generous governor. Their friendship had commenced at the time of the rescue of Lamoni and Zira from the

hands of the mob on that eventful day of Samuel's prophecy.

Through this one act of bravery, Zemnariah had won the love and confidence of the governor's household. True, he had known the

family before, but it had been only as mere acquaintances. He

had known Zira in the schools of the city, and there he had learned to love her.

That incident, five years previous, had been a lucky one for

Zemnarihah and the cause he was sworn to serve. Even Giddianhi

was pleased. The very thing the society needed was a member

who shared the confidence of the governor, or chief judge. It

mattered little to him that it made of the youth a traitor to friends.

The governor stood in the way, and, as it was his office they were working for, they must put him out of the way. According

to the law, he held the office for life. It was their plan to take

his life as soon as they had the necessary support from the people. It was five years from the day that Samuel had made his

remarkable prophecy—many claimed it was past the day.

It was now time to strike the blow that would make Zemnarihah governor, and then all would be easy sailing for the astute

Giddianhi.

But to return to the lovers in the garden. Zemnarihah was

speaking. "When I look into your face, Zira, I become impatient. It's

no use for us to wait longer for that time to come The day is already past, some say, that the sign should be given. It's all

foolishness for us to wait longer. Can you not see that I love

you, and that it is my great love for you that makes me impatient?"

"Yes, I know you love me, Zemnarihah; but I don't understand you. Why this sudden haste? Why today—and against

father's wish, when in a few days, at the longest, we may be married and have his blessing? If we should be married today, while

he is at Moroni, I would be disgraced in his eyes. A father's

blessing never would be ours."

THE NEPHITE SHEPHERD. 241

"I have waited so long for you—these many years!"he

pleaded. "And it is because I desire to keep your respect and love that

I would have you wait,"she replied. "Oh, I wonder why that message came just as it did? Father felt impressed not to go, but

the messenger said the affair was urgent, so he set off at once, and he is needed so badly here!"

"But—Zira—"Speak no further of it. I will not consent. 'Honor thy

father and thy mother,'is the law of God. Don't tempt me to

break it.""Honor thy father and thy mother!"It rang in his ears. A

flash of memory brought back the scene in the bedchamber, his father lying on his deathbed. It came nearly catching him off his

guard; but he was already steeped too much in sin for his bleared

conscience to hurt him. Banquets, flattery, wine and women had

finally hardened him to anything like the sting of a guilty conscience. Giddianhi had done his work well, he had brought the

youth around to just where he wanted him, by letting him have his own way.

"Zira, you are a dear girl. Little do 1 wonder that half the

men in the city are in love with you. I am really getting jealous.

Forgive me now for my impetuosity. Since you deny me that, I

have but one more request to make. Please don't deny me that,"

he pleaded. "Meet me tomorrow evening about sundown, in the

garden, the same place where we meet today."

"I promise,"she answered quickly, feeling that she ought to concede something because of his generosity in yielding.

"You may think it strange,"he continued, "but I feel that tomorrow night you may need my protection. There is a feeling

of unrest among the populace, but nothing serious, so don't be alarmed. I am only anxious to be in your presence. It is punishment to be awr.y. I must be going now—some important affairs

need my attention.*'

A passionate embrace, and he bade her farewell, saying, "Dont forget the walk in the garden."

Out in the street he walked rapidly, until he came to the public park adjoining the governor's home. Here, he walked leisurely,

242 7MPR0 VEMENT ERA

turning his head now and then to look back. Seeing that no one

was in tight, he darted quickly behind a thicket of shrubs, then walked cautiously into the wooded portion of the park. Arriving

at a certain tree, he eyed carefully some faint marks on its surface. Being assured that it was the place he was looking for, he

gave a low whistle. A few moments passed in silence, a dry twig

or two snapped, and he stood face to face with Giddianhi.

"What developments, Giddianhi?"

"All goes well. The meeting of the society was held at

your home. Reports from the various officers showed that the city

is with us, at least twothirds of the people are ready and willing to execute our plans. We are sure of success at last; nothing but

the impossible can prevent it."

"What was the decision of the meeting?"

"Just as we had planned. The proposition went through

without a dissenting vote. All those who believe in the utterings of Samuel are to die tomorrow evening at dusk, except—

"Except what?"

"Except the sign be given. The men to do the slaying are

already appointed. You and I are to lead them. What did you

find out at the governor's home?"

"The governor took the bait. He is now in Moroni, and

cannot return in time to hinder our plans in the least,"replied

Zemnariah. "Is that all?"

"No,"he continued. "The house is well guarded. Lamoni

the converted Lamanite, is the watchdog. We will have to dispose of him. I leave that to you, also. I found a hiding place

for the men."

"Ah, then the girl wouldn't marry you today? What about

the hiding place?"queried Giddianhi.

"She will be in the south side of the garden shortly beore sunset. It is a retired spot, suitable for our purpose,"the other

answered-

I "Wouldn't marry you—ha, ha!"Giddianhi mused. "Well,

suppose it is better to wait a day or two—the other plan will work

better. Perhaps the offer of a king to make her a queen will be

THE NEPHITE SHEPHERD. 243

more of a temptation."He laughed gutturally. "Tomorrow—and

then—a kingdom!"

Giddianhi whistled softly twice. In a few moments three

armed men appeared. He introduced them as members just in

from the mountains. They were to be Zemnarihah's companions

in his little plan with Zira.

II.—Watching and Waiting.

Zira was troubled. Why should he want to be married today,

when her father was expected home the next night? Although

she accepted the explanation that it was because of his impetuosity and intense love, yet she was troubled. His request took on a

new significance, when she remembered the suspicions Lamoni had revealed to her the day previous. Strange she had not thought of

it before. Lamoni said he had seen Zemnariah talking with a man,

near the east gate, who very much resembled the messenger from

Moroni. It could not be that Zemnariah had anything to do with

her father being called away? Impossible! And she chided herself for thinking it. Thus the matter was dismissed from her

mind.

While thinking over the past interview, she had been selecting some of her father's favorite flowers to put in his room, in case he should return before morning. She was engaged at this when

approached her.Lamoni—the converted Lamanite—

"Oh, I'm so glad to see you!"she said, holding out her hand.

"I have wondered where you were all this day. You went without greeting me this morning. What makes you so pale? You

work too hard these warm days, my good Lamoni. What would

father do without you, I wonder? Not tired? Come, what is it?"

is "Nothing that I am sure of, dear Zira—only this: the city

people seem to have gone mad. There is great in an uproar—the

trouble coming. I heard of it in the marketplace, among the

merchants and street gossipers, and even in the Hall of Justice.

Woe be unto our people! Woe be unto Zarahemla, our beloved

city! Oh, God, be merciful!"He paused.

"Come, Lamoni!"Zira waited with breathless expectation.

"The people are raving against the government, claiming that they will have no more priests ruling over them. And the

244 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

poor people, who believe in Samuel's words, are taunted, ridiculed and beaten in the streets. Oh, that your father were here! He

might stop their sufferings.

"The worst is yet to come. I heard whisperings of something dark and bloody for tomorrow. It is with this that I am

greatly concerned. I fear for the lives of the people of God. I

went today to the judges, under your father, and asked them for armed protection for our people; but this they denied me. They

laughed and mocked, told me to go back to the Lamanites, and that I had no business in a Nephite city. But, Zira, I should not

tell you this—no need for you to suffer, also."

"But can there be nothing done? Are there no means of

protection?"was the girl's passionate cry.

"Only one."Lamoni spoke impressively. "And that is not

within human power, but belongs to God alone. You know that

my kinsman, Samuel, declared that the Son of God would be born in five years from the time he spoke. The wicked say the time

has already passed, that Samuel was a liar, and that his followers are liars and thieves. The fulfiling of that promise will confound

our enemies, and all will be well. May that day be quickened!"

The girl whispered an Amen, saying, "The prayers of the righteous never go unanswered! Let us hope!"

"Zira, you are a brave girl!"He turned abruptly around.

"There is something, Zira, that I have longed to tell you for years, but I have held it back. Tonight, there is something within

I may never have anotherme that compels utterance—God knows

I love you!"chance—Zira,

She stood speechless.

"I am wrong—I should not have told you!"he quickly added.

"But I- could not help loving you, although I knew your heart and hand were given to another, and that I had no right to speak. But

it is done—forgive my rashness!"

She held out her hands. "Lamoni, you are too good. I do

not deserve your love. Pray to God that you may come to love

another far more deserving. Let us remain brother and sister, as

we have been for the years that we have known each other.

Look, the sun is setting! May we not see the glorious things

spoken of, this very night?"

THE NEPHITE SHEPHERD. 245

Hand in hand they went to a stone seat on a little eminence in the garden, and there sat waiting and watching. A picture of

beauty they were. Zira, her long, dark braids of hair hanging

down her back, the white silk robe, loosely fastened at her throat, revealed a neck of spotless white. Lamoni, with the curse of

Laman removed, was a peer in manly grace, if not a superior, to any of his Nephite brethren.

The sun disappeared; expectation increased; every moment of

time was carefully counted, the heavens watched. A star here

and there became dimly visible, gradually growing brighter. Twilight faded away, and with it the hopes of many of the

despairing.

(TO BE CONCLUDED IN FEBRUARY ERA.)

Thou Art Everywhere Before Us.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Thou art everywhere before us,

Lord, dispelling all our fears,

In the blue dome arching o'er us

Pregnant with her plunging spheres.

In the seasons, slowly filing Down the ages'broad expanse, We behold thee kindly smiling Through fair nature's countenance.

In the lovelight softly glowing

Deep in every human breast, In the blessings to us flowing,

Thy great love is manifest.

All things point to thy parental

Hand, gracious Lord, but most We may know thee through the gentle

Whisper of the Holy Ghost.

Theodore E. Curtis.

THE NEW YEAR.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Hail Winter's Spring!—When the heart flowers

Peep out, peep out, oh, purple violet

Of Love, hide thou no longer in the leaves

Of thy reserve. 'Tis time to show the world

That thou art here.

: Ah me, and what a Spring

All summer's flowers lavished from the first.

"Here's for pansies—they're thoughts"—old thoughts made

new New love for the old loves time holds more dear.

of those eyesHere are Forgetme-nots—smiles

That looked most kindly on you. Here's a thing

A leaf from what we scarcely call a shrub, half restrained, half freeAlmost a weed—the

Movement of kinship from a beggar's hand

We partly touched in passing. Sunflower here

Speaks of a friend that laughed and made her laugh

Golden, that desert wastes might gleam more fair.

And here's a primrose, fragile, heavenly sweet,

The fragrance of a baby's mouth that smiled.

Ho! old King Winter, but thy garden's fair

Yon icicle hung pendant from the roof

Is never watergyved by Jailor Frost, 'Tis heaven's white orchid, rarest of rare flowers,

That caught within its insectloving lips

Six little glow worms speeding from the sun,

Six little glow worms that can fly so fast

They make all places one.

THE NEW YEAR. 247

Now, what is this Fair, vapory, feathery thing my breath throws out?

Ay, here's a fancy—'Tis that splendid thing

That opej but once a year, the exquisite

Night blooming cerus that in Winter's Spring

We dub Forgetfulness. Low on the graves

Of all dead hatreds, dead desires, dead griefs,

Lay this white, sheeny bloom. No more a tho't

Shall go their silent way. No more a tear

Shall damp their sward. No more a hand shall clench

Or brows grow knotted with the weight of them.

Let them rot where they lie! and fertilize

The earth to fairer things—Who cares?—not we!

The world is beautiful—it teems with Life

God! who would stop to haggle with the dead?

stretches like a fan,The teeming world!—It

the point,'Tis all outspread!—We stand upon

And that great unknown, that vast wondrous rest

Is all BEFORE!

Oh, ring, ring out, ye bells, Ye bells of Yuletide that proclaim the Birth

Ring till that farther season that chimes forth "Lo, He is ris'n!"

I stand upon the Bridge That links ye both and lets no stream divide

The bridge of the ETERNAL All may go, Cycle on cycle, endless, infinite,

Birth, Death and Rising, Ring, oh, ring, ye bells, all is NEW There cometh aye a time when

Kate Thomas.

The Crown of Individuality.

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

XIII.—The Optimism that Really Counts.

Optimism is the sunshine of the soul radiated in action. It is

true religion as a living, compelling fact—not a mere theory. It

is sturdy confidence that right must triumph—united to tireless

courage to make it triumph. Optimism is the finest weapon in the

armory of the individual. It unifies all the aggressive, undaunted

virtues of his strength into a force and an inspiration. It means

fighting for, or with, the battalions of right, love, justice and is somethingtruth—with determination to win. True optimism

more than a continuous performance of hope. It is the joy of living

an actual fact. It means seeking the best, living the best,—made

doing the best. It means focusing all that is highest in our

character to meet conditions.

Merely thinking, hoping and trusting that somehow, somewhere, somewhen, things will come out right, while we do nothing to make them come out right, is sunstruck folly—not optimism. It is a

hammock philosophy for a sultry day, when you are too drowsy to think and really do not care what whimsey of nonthinking plays games in your mind. No farmer outside of the pages of The

Arabian Nights would expect nature alone to seed and fertilize and plow his fields and then to harvest his crops and put them in his barns without any human help whatever but his thinking. The

exaggerated belief in the superhuman effect of thought as a direct folly of many.power is—the

* From The Crown of Individuality. Copyright, 1909, by Fleming

H. Reveil Company.

THE CROWN OF INDIVIDUALITY. 249

This truly comfortable restfulness is merely a perfumed hotair sentimentality. It dulls moral energy and deadens purpose.

It is opiatism—not optimism. It is only mental or moral laziness, wearing a rainbow robe of beautiful confidence. It may

give a temporary fictitious strength to character, but is ever revealed as weakness—in a crisis. It is only a papiermache

shield—punctured in the first battle with the stern realities of life.

There is a light, jaunty, bubbling, carefree humor that takes the low fences of petty worries—neatly, gracefully. It smiles

nonchalantly because it has never seen real trouble. This lightweight philosophy usually wilts at the first touch of real sorrow,

grief and loss, like a straw hat meeting a sudden rainstorm. This

is a sort of kindergarten optimism that sees only the sun untouched by clouds. Real optimism knows the sun is ever shining—despite the dark, heavy clouds that may obscure it. It

knows that darkness is ever the herald and messenger of dawn the new illumination and inspiration that must come. True optimit can. It seeks toism seeks to live in the broad sunlight—when

rest serene and confident of the outcome—when all seems dark.

Verestchagin, the great Russian painter, had a glass studio constructed at his home near Paris. It revolved on wheels, moved

by a windlass placed, near his easel, and he was thus enabled to direction on hispaint all day with the sunlight falling—in one

models and drapery. He who has cultivated optimism to be part

of the real equipment of character thus turns constantly to the light of truth, love and kindness, and to the growing brightness of the real things of our living.

Cheerfulness has done much good; it has been stimulating,

kindly and helpful. It causes a cheery message. It often prevents sorrow, worry, deep grief from becoming contagious. This

cheerfulness is sweet when natural; brave, strong and sturdy when

assumed. Cheerfulness is a sort of germicide of the emotions; it

deadens their power to injure others, and soothes the individual.

But cheerfulness at its very best and highest is not—optimism.

It has never the full, free completeness, finality, depth of—

optimism.

Cheerfulness may be a blossom of which optimism is the plant,

Cheerfulness may be refreshing rills of which optimism is the 250 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fountain. Cheerfulness may be a smile on the face; optimism is

the smile in the heart when one is fighting hardest. Cheerfulness may be the gentle bubbling voice of a hopeful temperament or a sunny disposition; optimism is the clear, convincing

individual tone of the finest depth of our character.

Optimism seeks to discover the good points in the acts of those around us, to let their little weaknesses and failings fade into nothingness in the shadow of our charity. It seeks to emphasize their best, to recognize it, to appeal to it, to call it forth and

to develop it. A smile, a word of sympathy, a touch of human

kindness, a handclasp of fellowship, an unexpected bit of tenderness, courtesy or consideration, will accomplish wonders. It is

syndicating sunlight, and that is what real optimism is. It has a

cheering, magic, healthful power that no amount of criticism or reproof could accomplish in changing others. True optimism must

It must be real and living in word, actbegin in the—thought.

and atmosphere. It cannot be put on as a veneer from the outside;

this is a grandstand play, not a private performance.

Optimism cannot foresee the suffering that may come to us, but we can sturdily determine the effect we will let it have on us.

Sorrow comes in no many guises, but we must all "drink our cup."

The hardest of all our cups of sorrow comes from the hand that should never be the one to force it to our lips, or it is some cup that gives agony to us because we cannot save another from it.

There is the stirrup cup of parting, when we turn our horse's head away from the inn of our hope—never to return. The quassia cup

made bitter by that from which it is cut, and more bitter in memory.

The lovingcup, when moistened by unmeaning lips and passed to us, may later seem to carry a note of treachery we may not till too late. There is the cup of consolationunderstand aright—

that kindly hands gently press to fevered lips. There is that greatest cup of a final, supreme grief like that given to the great Optimist of Calvary that "could not pass."These are but types of the

cups of life. We should drink them—if drink we must—as

Socrates bravely drank his poisoned hemlock, valiantly quitting a world unworthy his noble life with them.

The man of optimism should be kindest in criticizing others and

THE CROWN OF INDIVIDUALITY. 251

never put the hand of harsh judgment on the unhealed wound of another's sorrow. Keenly, vividly, personally conscious of the

trials, cares, sorrow, hunger, loneliness and suffering of life, he knows how often he failed and still fought on till at last he found his way—back to the sunlight. The optimist believes courageously

that there is a reserve strength in man that brings sudden new inspiration to bear or to conquer, like the unexpected arrival of new food or troops in a siege.

The optimist, with new courage in his heart, new determination in his mind, and rebel tears secretly gleaming near his eyes, may rise superior to all unjust assaults. He may accept needless

pain without cynicism, may meet betrayal without thought of revenge, may have to battle face to face with cruel disappointment without flinching and yet be victorious in a bettered self, though of hisvanquished in what was dearest—the hope and heaven

living.

Optimism realizes that life is bigger than any single battle. The true soul has no final Waterloo; it has only its latest

defeat, with its golden message of why it failed and how it may win in the next conflict. There may be in a very defeat an

revelation of latentunwonted victory within our own life—a new

power, and a glow and tingle of new courage. This may come to

us while the bugle notes of triumph of the enemy still ring in our ears, their flaunting shouts of victory yet telling us of the prize we have lost, and their smiles of conquest hardly faded from their eyes and lips. Many a seeming defeat may force us to retreat to

higher grounds, where we may stand in stronger array, reinfight harder than ever. trenched, reinspirited—to

With true optimism, we can face poverty without permitting it to harden us, we can meet trial and sorrow and remain calm and unworried, stand bravely when we do not see the way to walk. We

can let the glow of optimism so warm our soul that we rema-'n simple, strong, sincere, and unruffled despite any environment.

We thus may conquer adverse conditions by making them powerless are unable to change them. Optimism is to harm us—when we

the armor of brave souls who fight conditions and never surrender to domination by the darker side of life that dares to daunt them.

The optimism that counts does not let the individual—take

252 IMPRO YEMENT ERA

whatever thoughts may come. It is a power that enables him to a

degree to select his own thoughts, to stimulate and encourage those that add to his strength, that are wings to his purpose, that thrill his energy with new consciousness of power. He gains control over those memories that take the smile from his face,

strength from his mind and joy from his heart. Optimism inspires

a man to reduce all depressing effects to a minimum, to raise resistance to a maximum, to cut off the friction of worry and useless regret. They magnify weakness, minify strength. Optimism

has no use for them.

We never make conditions easier by telling ourselves how awful our troubles are; by feeding our griefs for fear they may die

a natural death; by intensifying every element of pain. The

optimism that is worth anything makes one person smile at troubles that would put another out of the running altogether. It finds

joy because it is trained to see the tiniest glint of it as a miner's eyes are quick to recognize the slightest speck of gold in his pan.

Optimism sees roses in life because it is looking for them; receives

love because it is exhaling it. It forgets its sorrows in counting

anew its blessings. It makes life truer, higher and finer for self by

making it sunnier for others. This is—the optimism that counts.

(The next chapter in this series, "Power of Individual Purpose,"will appear in the February, 1911, number of the Era.)

Elder Don C. Smith writes, November 30,

that he and his companion, Elder August J.

Johnson, have labored in New York City for the past six months, holding street meetings and visiting friends. The cold weather has put a

stop to these meetings, and they are now canvassing from house to house, and holding cottage meetings with Saints and friends. Much

good has been accomplished in the street meetings, and through them much literature has gone into the homes of people who otherwise could not have been reached. The accompanying

portraits are those of Don C. Smith, Snowflake,

Arizona, and August J. Johnson, Provo, Utah.

Pen Pictures of the Holy Land,

From Dan to Beersheba.

BY HAMILTON GARDNER.

Strolls in the Holy City. III.—Random

Imagine you were standing with me on the Mount of Olives, looking down at Jerusalem. There, spread out before us, lies the

of prophets, the scene of the world'sHoly City—the abiding place

greatest tragedy, the first home of the Christian Church. To

Christian and Mohamreach this goal, millions of pilgrims—Jew,

JERUSALEM FROM THE MOUNT OF OLIVES.

Arrow A points to the rounddomed Church of the Sepulchre. B points

to the Golden Gate. Letter C is the temple area, and to the left of it

is the Mosque of Omar. Arrow D points to the Gate of St. Stephen.

The Kidron Valley extends from E to F.

254 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

medan—have striven during many ages. The mere thought

of this city in infidel hands was the prime reason why thousands of fanatical Crusaders uselessly sacrificed their lives. Even today

great numbers of people suffer indescribable hardships and make heartbreaking sacrifices to realize their heart's ambition in a pilgrimage to Jerusalem. So, just consider first what an important part the Holy City has played and is playing in the emotions

and lives of men.

Let me give you a warning before we start on our sightsee- ing. You must not expect to find Jerusalem beautiful. It has

been under Mohammedan control too long for that. Also, you

must anticipate no pleasure except that of visiting the city's historical and religious points of interest. On every hand you will

find only intense fanaticism, jealousy and bigotry, Just one motive is the wholeimpels men to come to Jerusalem—religion. That

soul and life of the place. To understand in the least some of the

things you will later see, it is imperative that you keep this fact in mind.

The population of Jerusalem is about one hundred thousand.

Of this number about sixtyfive thousand are Jews, most of whom have assembled here during the last twenty years. This is a

highly significant fact, showing, as it does, that the Old Testament prophecies in regard to the gathering of scattered Judah are being fulfiled. Besides the natives of the country, the Holy

City's population includes representatives from almost every

Christian nation, our own among the rest. I was fortunate in

fiftystaying with the American colony—about one hundred and

Americans, who were led here about twentyseven years ago by a man named Spafford, from Chicago. These people live in a

social community, their system much resembling what the Latterday Saints call the United Order. They are seemingly successful

in their attempts to imitate the communion of the first Christians.

Everything appears to be done in unity, love and goodfellowship.

President Booth, of the Turkish mission, who accompanied us on most of our trips through Pahstine, and whose knowledge of the Bible and familiarity with the country proved invaluable, introduced Brother Thomas P. Page and myself, in Jerusalem, to a

Mr. Rollo Floyd, the last member of a colony planted in the Holy

PEN PICTURES OF THE HOLY LAND. 255

Land fortysix years ago by one of the factions of the sect founded by David Whitmer.

Don't forget that we are still standing on the Mount of

Olives. We occupy the same position that Christ did, when, after

the Last Supper, he came out on this hill with his disciples. With

the temple in full view, just across the Kidron valley, he predicted its destruction, and enumerated the signs of his second coming. Here we get an admirable view of the east part of the

THE DAMASCUS GATE.

city wall, with the gates of St. Stephen—the traditional site of the

stoning of that the now walled up Golden Gate, martyr—and

through which Christ rode in triumph into the city.

But let us go down into the city, and enjoy a stroll through those crooked lanes and alleys, which in Jerusalem are called streets. Above everything else, you will be struck by the cosmopolitan character of the people. This is easily explained. Jerusalem is not only a Holy City to the Christians, but to the Jews

and Mohammedans as well. Pilgrims and travelers, representing

these three great religions, are present from almost every nation under heaven. Americans, Copts, Greeks, Arabs and Europeans

rub elbows with Abyssinians, Turks, Armenians, Syrians, Jews and 256 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Russians. Each brings his own language and dress, so the result

is a confusion which only the Tower of Babel could rival.

Let us follow, for a short time, the Via Dolorosa, or Street of Pain. It begins at the Judgment Hall, where Christ was questioned by Pilate, scourged, mocked, and finally delivered over to

his death. Cross ing over the street

at this point is part of the socalled Ecce Homo Arch. Tradition

has it, that because the Jews would not enter his house, Pilate came out on this arch, talked to the bloodthirsty mob below, and exposed to their mocking gaze,

Christ crowned with thorns and arrayed in a purpie robe. The Via

Dolorosa connects the Judgment Hall with the Church of the Holy Sepulchre, and marks the supposed route the doomed Jesus took on his way to Golgotha, Marked every littie distance by stones bearing

Latin and Greek inscriptions, are stations traditionally connected with the incidents THE VIA DOLOROSA. of this sad journey. Some of these stones have Showing the Ecce Homo Arch.

been worn smooth by the kisses of devout pilgrims. One of the most interesting places in

Jerusalem is the Wailing Place of the Jews. Every Friday evening, devout Jews, in their curious, long robes,

and fur caps, assemble at a certain part of the templewall, and participate in a most curious service. Standing

close to the wall and swaying slowly backward and forward, they bewail the departed glory of their nation, and entreat Jehovah to speedily gather his children in power back to Jerusalem. To see

those aged Jews, with tears streaming down their cheeks, earnestly praying God to "restore again Zion,"is a most touching sight.

To feel really close to the glory of old Jerusalem, a visit to the Temple Area is necessary. The site of Solomon's temple has

PEN PICTURES OF THE HOLY LAND. 257

been occupied by many buildings. The temples of Nehemiah and

Herod, a pagan temple of the Romans, and the Crusader's church, have all been erected there, and now a Mohammedan mosque bears witness of the changes time works. While nothing is left of old

Jewish days, the mere fact that the temple of God once stood here makes it holy ground. It is said no Jew will enter the Temple Area for fear of treading on the Holy of Holies. Over a big

rock on the highest part of the temple enclosure is the beautiful

Mosque of Omar. Moslems believe that this rock is the scene of

Abraham's interrupted sacrifice of Isaac, and the hoofprint of

Mohammed's horse, as he sprang into heaven, is also shown.

Come with me now out into theKidron valley, on the east of the city.

Notice the great number of graves by the city wall. For

every gravestone THE WAILING PLACE OF THE JEWS.

you see, probably six or seven Mohammedans lie buried below. They believe the last

judgment will take place here, and they desire to be close at hand. A thin wire will be stretched from the Mount of Olives to

the city wall, and over this every one will be compelled to walk.

The righteous will be borne up by their guardian angels, and will pass over safely, while the wicked will fall into perdition.

Further up the valley we come to the Garden of Gethsemane, a place you will never forget after once visiting. Outside the

entrance are shown the places where the apostles slept, and where

Judas gave the betraying kiss—but we will hasten on into the

garden. Franciscan monks care for the trees and bushes, and it

is indeed a beautiful place. The surroundings inspire us, and we

try to picture, in a small degree, the agony which Christ suffered here. "And he was withdrawn from them about a stone's cast, and

knelt down and prayed, saying, Father, if thou be willing, remove

THE MOSQUE OF OMAR.

this cup from me! Nevertheless, not my will, but thine, be

done And being in an agony, he prayed more earnestly; and his sweat was as it were great drops of blood falling

down to the ground."

THE GARDEN OF GETHSEMANE

("Easter at the Church of the Holy Sepulchre"is the title of the next article in this series, to be continued in the February Era.)

University of Utah.

Joseph Smith, a Prophet of God.

BY ELDER GEORGE W. CROCKWELL.

III.

Next let me present for consideration a revelation given

December 25, 1832, called the revelation on war. You will find it

in the Doctrine and Covenants, section 87. Take the revelation up

a verse at a time, and consider the verses separately:

Verse 1. Verily, thus saith the Lord, concerning the wars that will

shortly come to pass, beginning at the rebellion of South Carolina, which will eventually terminate in the death and misery of many souls.

You will note there is no equivocation, but a bold assertion:

"Thus saith the Lord, concerning the wars that will shortly come to pass."You will also please take notice that the Lord uses the

word wars in the plural—meaning more than one: that these wars

is, the war starting there willwill start at South Carolina—that

be the first, and others are to follow. There is no claim that the

wars which are to follow will be in consequence of that first war, nor will they be a continuance of that war. I shall take this

question up more fully later on.

Did the first war, or rebellion, start at South Carolina? If so,

that part was literally fulfiled. History states that on April 12,

1861, some twentynine years after the date the revelation was given,

South Carolina rebels led against the north part of the United

States, and that General P. G. T. Beauregard opened fire, and gave

a heavy bombardment to Fort Sumter.

This was the beginning of one of the most fratricidal wars in the world's history. Father fought against son, and brother

260 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

against brother, and it did terminate in the death and misery of many souls. Let the figures of history show that the civil war

terminated in the death and misery of many souls as foretold by the Prophet Joseph Smith:

The whole number of men called in the Union service was over two million six hundred ninety thousand men, of whom one million four hundred thousand were in actual service. Nearly sixty thousand were killed

in battle, and about thirtyfive thousand were mortally wounded, one hundred eightyfour thousand died of disease in camps and hospitals.

Thus about three hundred thousand perished on the Union side and about the same number of the Confederates perished, making a total loss of six hundred thousand to the nation. Library of Universal History, Vol. 7,

page 2921.

Thus was the prophecy in regard to the death of many souls literally fulfiled; as to the misery of many souls, in addition to the

grief for loved ones, and the misery of those who died from disease in camps, etc., as given above, I will give further figures

from history:

About four hundred thousand were crippled or disabled for life, on both sides. The records of the war department show that two hundred

and twenty thousand Confederates were made prisoners during the war, of whom nearly twentysix thousand died of wounds or disease during captivity, while of one hundred twentysix thousand Union soldiers captured, nearly twentythree thousand died while prisoners. It is estimated that the whole number of Union captives [was one hundred and

ninetysix thousand, of whom fortyone thousand died in captivity.

With the above figures before him, no person will deny that the war did terminate in the death and misery of many souls.

Verse 2, Doctrine and Covenants, Section 87, reads: "The

days will come that war will be poured out on all nations, beginning at that place."(South Carolina.)

Now the question is, who is going to cause this war to be poured out on all nations? Not man; the revelation reads: "Thus

saith the Lord, it is He that will do it."And he does not say

that this war that is to be poured out on all nations is a continuance of the Civil war, nor in consequence of it, but that war will be poured out on all nations, and the war starting at South CaroJOSEPH SMITH, A PROPHET OF GOD. 261

Una will be the first or beginning of the war that is to be poured out on all nations. How has this been fulfiled? Let us turn to

history and see if war has been poured out on all nations, beginning at South Carolina:

A D. 1861: Rebellion, or Civil War, in the U. S.

FrancoMexican war, in which the Spanish, French and British invaded Mexico.

Mexico was the scene of almost continued civil war until 1876.

1862: Greek revolution.

Polish insurrection against Russian Authority.

Mohammedan rebellion in China.

Garibaldi, determined on the forcible annexation of Rome to the

Italian kingdom, with a force of volunteers raised in Sicily, defeated an

Italian force at Reggis.

1864: Civil war in Japan.

The Schkswig-Holstein war, in which Denmark, Austria, Prussia, and the German powers were involved.

War between Japan and Peru.

Republics of Laplata, Brazil, Uruguay, and Argentine were at war against Paraguay.

Soongaria gained its independence from China.

During the civil war in Japan the Mikado's troops fired upon the ships of England, France, Holland and the United States. These powers

compelled her to pay an indemnity of three million dollars.

War broke out between Spain &nd Peru. Chili joined Peru in this

war.

The gigantic rebellion of Tacping Wong, China, was suppressed after much bloodshed.

1865: Chili joined Peru in the war with Japan.

In war with the Kahn of Bokham, the Russians seized Tashkend this year and Khojend the year following.

1866: Venezuela, Ecuador and Bolivia concluded an alliance with Peru in the war with Spain.

262 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Revolt in the Island of Crete against the Turks.

Prussia formed an alliance with Italy and conjointly declared war against Austria. This is known as the seven weeks war.

Prussia also concluded treaties of peace with Bavaria, Wurtemburg,

Baden, Hesse, Saxony and Darmstadt the same year.

1868: Revolution in Spain in which the army rebelled.

Insurrectien in Cuba against Spanish authority.

Spain had many insurrections during this and for several years following, caused by the dissolute and tyrannical conduct of Queen Isabella.

1868 to 1878.

Ten years of war in Cuba which was closed by compromise.

1869: Carlists broke out in an insurrection in the northeast part of Spain.

It was promptly suppressed by Government troops.

1870.

The French and Chinese have a battle at Tientsin.

France declared war against Prussia. All the German states rallied

to the aid of Prussia. This was called the FrancoGerman war.

1871: No sooner was a preliminary treaty of peace between France and

Germany ratified, than France became involved in a bloody civil war.

China and Prussia were at war.

1872: The Carlists broke "nit in insurrection in the north of Spain.

1873 to 1875.

Spain was aim continually the scene of war between the Carlists and the government Holland became involved in a war with the Achinese of the Island of

Sumatra, in 1873.

There was war between Russia and Khiva.

In the fall of 1873 the Russians defeated the Turkomans.

The Mohammedan rebellion in the southwest province of Younan,

China, was quelled. The Sultan poisoned himself rather than be taken

prisoner.

(to be continued.)

Portland. Oregon.

The Worth of a Boy.

BY DAVID D. RUST.

[In the October namber of the Improvement Era, $20 was offered for the best answer to some questions propounded by Bishop Roscoe W. Eardley,

of the Liberty Stake of Zion, on "What is a Boy Worth?"Thirtyone papers

were received, and a competent committee has awarded the prize to the author of the one herewith presented, who is not unknown to our readers* having heretofore contributed several descriptive articles for the Era.

As it was understood that the Era was to own all the manuscripts, a number of the best remaining ones will later appear in our magazine. We

take this occasion to thank our contributors for their meritorious and really inspiring responses to our request, and to express regret that we cannot award a prize to each of them. Editors.]

It is difficult indeed to attempt to mark the value of any boy. There is no crucible test, no system of weights or measures,

no process of chemistry, no touchstone or mystic readings of astrology, by which we may arrive at the intrinsic worth of a boy.

Select a couple of examples—say Jackson and Lincoln. Would you

judge them exceptional values, at fourteen? Boys tagged

"inferior,"frequently turn out to be of the best material; while

those marked away up are often mere imitations. We cannot tell,

any more than McKinley's mother could tell, which will make good governors or presidents.

In his Care and Culture of Men, David Starr Jordan says that you cannot tack a thousand dollar education on a fifty cent boy.

It is evident that the hypothesis of this assertion is that boys range in value anywhere from fifty cents to a thousand dollars. As

a matter of relative worth, I suppose that expresses enough difference between the cheapest and choicest, so that we may think of it as a premise in the following discussion.

it seems a perfectly The boy we are considering here—and

is between fourteen and eighteen years ofscientific arrangement—

264 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

age. Before this period he is usually designated as a child; subsequently he at least ought to be—a man. is—or

Certain characteristics accompany the thousand dollar boy.

He carries a share of the home responsibilities, uses spare time wisely, is a student, and is learning the proper use of coaloil.

"When he plays, he plays hard; and when he works he doesn't

play at all."He is willing to pay value received—does not expect

something for nothing, does not follow that pickpocket creed which claims that the world owes every man a living. He would rather

deserve to win, than to win. He has more concern for his honesty

than for the result of a school examination.

The fiftv cent variety is the occasion of a good deal of superfluous legislation. It is for him that we have to employ a special

police force on Christmas Eve and Hallowe'en. The anxiety of a

widowed mother, the trial of the ward authorities, the nuisance cf the town officials, he drifts recklessly down through juvenile courts and reform schools to the penitentiary. A pretty expensive

proposition!

A curious rule: the less they are worth, the more they cost.

When we notice the percentage of young men who go pellmell down the road of broken hearts, we are almost justified in skepticism. Does it pay to raise them? And we are logical in the conclusion that it is not more men that the country needs, but a better

brand. "Boys will be boys,"they say. It is entirely proper that

they be boys, so long as they do not become that kind which bars them from becoming men. Shoddy boys make shoddy grownups,

"hoodoos"become "hobos."

You cannot tell the highpriced boy by the color of his eyes, the cut of his nose, or his height or his heft. He may be tall or

short, frail or husky, light or heavy—avoirdupois does not count.

Someone asked Lincoln how long the legs of an ideal soldier should be. He replied at once, "Just long enough to reach from hiships

to the ground."The physique, of course, is of importance, but in

searching for the things worth while we must look into the character.

Boys are the raw material. What can we do to make the

most of their possibilities? Since there is no such thing as manTHE WORTH OF A BOY. 265

hoodmills, that will take them in and turn them out men, it must be accomplished by painstaking development, chiefly under their own direction. Every boy has the choosing of what he shall be;

we can only help him to help himself.

We may coax, persuade and reason; we may preach and scold

and threaten; we may pet or lead or drive; we may cuff or kick or

censure—most of which are likely to be ineffective in bringing out

the most precious values of a boy. The surest general rule,

perhaps, that can be put down is: so shape his opportunities and

environments that he may develop into his afterself, the man he might become, the best there is in him.

Put him next to good schools and good associates; help him

to select wholesome, tasteful literature—for, as Dr. J. M. Tanner

puts it, "Good literature in the home will solve the 'hoodlum'problem."Teach him to keep his birthright, show him the strengh

there is in cleanliness, and fix everlastingly among his working principles Owen Wister's terrible maxim, "Death is cleaner than vice."Confide in him. Make him partner in affairs, and if you give

him a piece of land or a horse, do not forget about it and confiscate it again for your own use. Let him do the things he likes to

do, but teach him to like the best. Let him soar on the biplanes

of fancy, and curtail your ridicule if he tells stories to himself. If

his home is in the country, let him visit the city; if he lives in the

city, give him a taste of the country—try to give him a surfeit of

neither.

Teach him to live unselfishly; he cannot live this life alone, it

is somebody's business what he does. "We all of us tend to rise

or fall together. If any set of us goes down, the whole nation

sags a little."Show him the necessity of a righteous life. Pray

with'him, pray for him, teach him to pray, and that in deepest reverence. Sincerity will cover a multitude of imperfections.

That boy of mine! What is he worth to me? What hopes I

have for him! What would I not do to make the most of his future!

In him I shall live again. To the teacher or neighbor who will

assist me in keeping his face towards the light, I shall have eternal gratitude Kanab Utah.

Editor's Table.

Baptism.

An elder in one of the stakes writes that he differs in some things with some of his brethren concerning the proper preparation of candidates for baptism. He thinks there is negligence on

the part of officers in that they fail to give proper instructions, and demand required promises from candidates for baptism. They

are sometimes baptized without being questioned, and without having promises exacted from them to serve the Lord.

We hear much about the necessity and mode of baptism (Matt. 3: 1315; Doc. and Cov. 20: 73, 74) and about the fallacy of

infant baptism, but seldom anything relating to the faith, desire, worthiness and willingness that should characterize the candidates for baptism, nor of the requirements to serve the Lord that should be made before the holy ordinance is administered unto them. He wishes these points discussed.

The scriptures are very plain on these subjects. No person

can be properly baptized unless he has faith in the Lord Jesus

Christ, and has repented of his sins, with a repentance that need not be repented of. But faith comes by hearing the word of

God. This implies that the candidate must be taught. Efficient

teaching and preparation must precede the ordinance, so that the candidate may have a proper appreciation and conception of its purposes. The call to baptism, in the mission of our Savior, was

always preceded by instructions in the doctrines which h3 taught.

His injunctions to his disciples always tended in this direction:

"Go preach the gospel to every creature"(Mark 16: 15). "He that

believeth, and is baptized, shall be saved"(16). "Go

EDITOR'S TABLE. 267

teach all nations, baptizing them"(Matt. 28: 19), were his words to

his disciples.

The forerunner of the Savior was also careful to baptize only those who were prepared, and therefore properly taught; for when

the people, who were without faith and determination to live righteously came to John the Baptist to be baptized of him, he called them a generation of vipers, and asked who had warned them to flee from the wrath to come. Then he taught them to live

righetous lives, and exclaimed, "Bring forth, therefore, fruits worthy of repentance"(Luke 3: 7, 8).

So in the Apostolic age, Peter taught the people the gospel, showing them that Jesus, whom they had crucified, God had made both Lord and Christ, and when they had become interested unto faith and repentance, he declared unto them baptism as a means of escaping from their sins.

This exercise of faith and the working of repentance, as a preparation for baptism, is specifically made plain in modern revelation as a requirement of the candidate, and, of course, these doctrines cannot be understood unless they are properly taught (Doc. and Cov. 20: 37, 71; 68: 2528).

Missionaries should exercise care before administering this ordinance. A case came up recently, illustrating the need of

proper teaching, in which a person had been baptized possessing n o knowledge at all of the Church into which he thereby had gained membership. When he later learned that it was the Church

founded by the Prophet Joseph Smith, and that authority to baptize had come through him, he demanded a release from his obligation. He had not been taught right.

These scripture citations, aside from one's own common sense and reason, are sufficient proof that people must be taught before they are fit candidates for baptism. Now, what shall they be

taught? Why, faith in God, in Jesus Christ, and in the Holy

Ghost; faith in the efficacy of prayer, and in the ordinances and

principles of the gospel which Jesus taught; faith in the restoration of this gospel and all its powers, to the Prophet Joseph Smith;

faith in the Church which he was instrumental in establishing; faith

in the priesthood, as authorized servants of the living God; faith in

268 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the revelations received in modern times; faith in the performance

of the works required of a Latterday Saint; faith in the principle of

tithing, and in all other requirements, temporal and spiritual, mentioned in the law of God; and, finally, faith to live lives of

righteousness before the Lord.

Before performing a baptism, it should be known to those who officiate, and, in fact, to the Church, that the candidate for baptism is willing to conform to all these things. Further, that

he is willing to take upon himself the name of Jesus Christ; to

speak the truth in soberness; that he has determined to serve God

to the end, and that he is willing to manifest by his works that he has received of the Spirit of Christ unto the remission of his sins. And, again, it should be known that the candidate is firm

in the testimony that Joseph Smith is a prophet of God, and that the Church founded by him is indeed the Church of Jesus Christ;

that he understands and believes the law of tithing, and is willing to abide by the covenants he is about to make before the Lord, in the waters of baptism, and to walk uprightly before him (Doc.

and Cov. 20: 37; Moroni 6: 1-3).

It is true that some of the elders become negligent in requiring a promise and a covenant to this effect from all whom they lead into the waters of baptism. They sometimes baptize without

questions or instructions, taking it for granted that candidates have been thoroughly taught, and that they mentallv covenant with God in all these things, without words. It would be well for

presidents of stakes and bishops, presidents of missions and mission conferences, and elders in mission fields everywhere, to look into this matter, and require a more strict observance of the word of the Lord on this subject on the part of those who are chosen to officiate at baptisms.

The better plan is to follow the instructions of the Lord strictly in this regard, and perform the ordinance according to the words which are written (Doc. and Cov. 18: 2125, 30; 20:

37, 72, 73). It is necessary to question the candidate as

to his belief and feelings, and to have him signify by words, and the uplifted hand, that he has truly repented of his sins, and is willing to keep the commandments, and take upon himself the name of Christ and all the obligations that are implied in this holy

EDITOR'S TABLE. 269

covenant between him and his God. This applies also to children

who have arrived at the years or accountability.

Joseph F. Smith.

Wrong Again—and "There's a Reason."

Frank J. Cannon, the erratic exsenator of Utah, is writing a series of articles against the authorities of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, the first of which appeared in the December number of Everybody's Magazine.

His purpose is not new, at all, because he says:

I propose, in this narrative, to show that the leaders of the "Mormon"Church have broken their covenant with the nation; that they

have abused the confidence of the Gentiles of Utah, and betrayed the trust of the people under their power I undertake, in fact, in this narrative to expose and to demonstrate what I do believa to be one of the most direful conspiracies of treachery in the history of the

United States.

Following this vicious and false thrust against the authorities, he pens a glowing tribute to the "Mormon"people themselves:

Not that I have anything in my heart against the "Mormon"people! Heaven forbid! I know them to be great in their virtues, wholesome in their relations, A capable of heroic fortitude, living by the tenderest sentiments of fraternity, as gentle as the Quakers, as staunch as

the Jews. I think of them as a man among strangers thinks of the dearness of his home. I am bound to them in affection, by all the ties of

life. The smiles of neighborliness, the greetings of friends, all the familiar devotion of brothers and sisters, the love of the parents who held me

I know them as my own people, and by thesein their arms—by these,

I love them as a good people, as a strong people, as a people worthy to be strong and fit to be loved.

It is surpassing strange that the leaders, from the beginning of the history of such a good people, should have been such bad, wicked men; and particularly, that the present leaders should be

worse than all the rest. It is the old reason for attacks

upon the Saints, prevailing from the beginning; the people

have always been good, but they have always been misled by their wicked leaders.

270 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Joseph the Prophet and his Brother Hyrum were martyred;

Brigham Young was persecuted, misrepresented, anathematized, imprisoned; John Taylor was exiled, while his brethren suffered

imprisonment and untold humiliation; Wilford Woodruff was driven

into hiding, and suffered inestimable agony because of the persecutions directed against him and his people; Lorenzo Snow did not

escape the cursing of his opponents of the type of the exsenator;

and Joseph F. Smith has been cartooned, libeled, held up to ridicule, lied about, misrepresented, from the time he entered the

position; and now the exsenator has begun to add his little mite

to show that the present leader and his associates are traitors, traducers, covenantbreakers, and every other mean thing that can be conjured up against them.

It seems very strange that so good a people should remain good under such leaders, for, "as with the priests so with the people."If the truth be spoken about the people, and we believe

he told the truth of them, the natural conclusion is that what is said of the leaders is not true. He may say, however, that the

people are simple, uneducated, unsophisticated and easily misled;

but with their missionary worldexperience, they are not simple;

with their facilities for education, they are not ignorant and deluded; and with their sterling views of right and wrong, they are

not easily misled. We conclude that what is said about the

leaders of the Church is false, and that instead of being traitors, conspirators, traducers, disloyal to their country, as charged from the beginning of the organization of the Church to the present time, they have ever cast their mighty influence with the forces which make their people strong, loyal, free, worthy and "fit to be loved."The exsenator is wrong again, and "there's a reason;"

besides, there is cause for suspicion that he himself is the traitor and all else with which he falsely charges the authorities of the Church.

The Two Roads.

Jean Paul Richter, the great German writer, tells this New

Year's tale:

It was New year's night. An aged man was standing at a

EDITOR'S TABLE. 271

window. He mournfully raised his eyes toward the deep, blue

sky, where the stars were flashing: like white lilies on the surface

of a clear, cold lake. Then he cast them on the earth, where few

more helpless beings than himself were moving towards their inevitable goal—the tomb. Already he had passed sixty of the

stages which lead to it, and he had brought from his journey nothing but errors and remorse. His health was destroyed, his mind

unfurnished, his heart sorrowful. and his old age devoid of comfort.

The days of his youth rose up in a vision before him, and he recalled the solemn moment when his father had placed him at the entrance of two roads, one leading into a peaceful, sunny land, covered with a fertile harvest, and resounding with soft, sweet songs; while the other conducted the wanderer into a deep, dark

cave, whence there was no issue, where poison flowed instead of water, and where serpents hissed and crawled.

He looked toward the sky, and cried out in his anguish: "0

youth return! my father, place me once more at the crossway

of life, that I may choose the better road!"But the days of his

youth had passed away, and his parents were with the departed.

He saw wandering lights float over dark marshes, and then disappear. "Such,"he cried, "were the days of my wasted life!"He

saw a star shoot from heaven and vanish in darkness athwart the churchyard. "Behold an emblem of myself!"he exclaimed; and

the sharp arrows of unavailing remorse, struck him to the heart.

Then he remembered his early companions, who had entered life with him, but who, having trod the paths of virtue and industry, were now happy and honored on this New Year's night. The

clock in the high churchtower struck, and the sound, falling on his ear, recalled the many tokens of the love of his parents for him, their erring son; the lessons they had taught him; the prayers they had offered in his behalf. Overwhemled with shame and

grief, he dared no longer look toward that heaven where they dwelt. His darkened eyes dropped tears, and, with one despairing

effort, he cried aloud, "Come back, my early days, come back!"

And his youth did return; for all this had been but a dream,

visiting his slumbers on New Year's night. He was still young;

his errors only were no dream. He thanked God fervently that

time was still his own; that he had not yet entered the deep, dark

272 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

cavern, but that he was free to tread the road leading to the peaceful land where sunny harvests wave. Ye who still linger on

the threshhold of life, doubting which path to choose, remember that when years shall be passed, and your feet shall stumble on the dark mountain, you will cry bitterly, but cry in vain, "0 youth, return! Oh, give me back my early days!"

Messages from the Missions.

Elder Clarence Duffin, writing from Charleston, West Virginia,

November 11, says: "The missionary work in the southwest Virginia

SOUTHWEST VIRGINIA CONFERENCE ELDERS.

From left to right, back row: William Bringhurst, Springville, Utah;

Azer Briggs, Magrath, Alberta, Canada; Mark Cook, Vernal, Utah.

Second row: J. M. Henderson, Teton City, Idaho; Warden Jones, Menan,

Idaho; Smith Ackroyd, Magrath, Alberta, Canada; George H, Hale,

Afton, Wyoming. Bottom row: P. W. Johnson, Byron, Wyoming;

George J. Webb, St. George, Utah; Clarence Duffin, Provo, Utah. (Conference President); Parley W. Christensen, Tremonton, Utah.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 273

conference is prosecuted with vigor and attended with unusual successPopular prejudice is rapidly crumbling, and a spirit of toleration is taking its place. In some places we are accorded the utmost courtesy. Our

needs are abundantly administered to, and schoolhouses once closed against us are now open to our use. Many people are anxiously searching for the truth, and truly our labors are not in vain. During the past

ten months, with an average of 18 elders, we have held 793 meetings, sold 2,246 small books, and distributed 26,000 tracts; visited 16,234 new

families, revisited 4,336 families, and spent 5,290 hours tracting; held

13,161 gospel conversations, and spent 12,000 hours in study; blessed 38

children and baptized 87 people. The outlook was nevermore propitious.

The activity of the elders in counseling observance of the Word of Wisdom and to pay tithes, has met with encouragement. Not a few have

discontinued the use of tobacco, tea and coffee, and some of these are over 70 years of age, and have indulged in these habits since childhood, but now bear testimony that the blessings promised through our beloved

Prophet Joseph Smith follow obedience."

Elder John Halversen, clerk of the Christiania Conference, Norway, writes, October 26, giving an account of a conference held on the 15th, 16th and 17th of October. He sends a picture of the elders of that conference. "Each of the Sunday school superintendents reported his

school in a flourishing condition. Many nonmembers send their children to our Sunday schools, and in some instances the percentage of

Saints and strangers is nearly equal. President Peter C. Rasmussen

gave a general report of the ten branches comprising the Christiania conference, showing the work to be in very good condition. At the

Sunday evening session (16th) of the conference fully 700 people were present. Many had to stand during the meeting, which lasted two and

onehalf hours. President Andrew Jenson, of the Scandinavian Mission,

spoke on historical and gospel subjects for nearly two hours, holding k strict attention of the audience. During his present mission he hau

visited Norway eight times, and he said he had learned to greatly love the Norwegian Saints. During the entire conference week the

Christiania branch Relief Society prepared and served meals to all the elders free of charge, for which the elders are very thankful. On

October 18, President Jenson gave an illustrated lecture on Utah and her

People, before an audience of about seven hundred people, mostly nonmembers of the Church, who enjoyed it immersely. The conference was

altogether a success and the missionaries feel much encouraged in their labors.

Priesthood Quorums'Table.

Permanent Records for Quorums of the High Priesthood.—The General Priesthood Committee has in consideration a permanent record for quorums of the High Priesthood, which will not be

ready for about another year. In the meantime, it is recommended that

the present class rollbook be used for a quorum record, until the new one is printed and ready for sale. The class rollbook may be obtained, free

of charge, upon application to the Presiding Bishop's office.

New Course of Study.—From the replies received from stake

presidencies, in answer to enquiries, it is learned that many of the wards in the Church are behind in their Manual lessons, and that most of the stakes would prefer to continue, for the remaining part of this winter and spring, to study the 1910 course. This has led the General Committee to consider the postponement of the publication of the 1911 Manuals,

for the printer early in December—until about—which were ready

August 1, 1911. This action, if definitely taken, would enable the

wards in arrears to complete their courses. The seventies also have postponed their Year Book, and the action contemplated would thus

place all the quorums on a more uniform date for beginning the year's work. In the meantime, the quorums everywhere are advised to continue the 1910 course, either to finish or as a review, until other arrangements are announced, which will be done by circular letter to the stake

presidencies, and in this table. It is certain now that the Manuals

will not be printed for distribution in Jannary, 1911.

Transfers.—"We have elders who should belong to our quorums,"

writes a quorum president, "but who do not, because they have no transfers recommending them from the quorum from which they removed.

What shall be done in such cases?"

Your attention is called to paragraph 89, of the Annual Circular, No.

11, from which you will notice it is not necessary for an elder, or any other person holding the priesthood, to procure a recommend from one quorum to present it to another. Neither should the quorum insist that,

as a condition of acceptance into the quorum, the person should furnish his genealogy. The new form of ward recommend provides for the

genealogy necessary:

276 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

When a person is ordained to an office in the priesthood, he is entitled to a certificate of ordination, which he should carefully preserve.

Whenever necessary, it should be presented to the proper authority as an evidence of his ordination and accepted by the quorum having jurisdiction in the ward or stake where he resides; and he should be permitted

to join that quorum without any recommend from the quorum where he formerly resided, provided he has been accepted as a member of the ward. If he does not possess a certificate of ordination, and the recommend upon which he was received in the ward gives his priesthood and

last ordination, it should be accepted as evidence that he holds that office, and he should be admitted to fellowship to the quoroum, provided there is no evidence to the contrary.

The Ideal Teachers'Quorum.—"As God hath distributed to

every man, as the Lord hath called every one, so let him walk, and so ordain I in all churches"(I Cor. 7: 17).

'Wherefore let every man learn his duty, and to act in the office in which he is appointed, in all diligence"(Doc. and Cov. 107, 99).

The ideal teachers r quorum is to number twentyfour; to be presided

over by a president and two counselors from their number; a secretary

should note the quorum's proceedings. The quorum should meet often

to learn the duties that devolve upon them, and carry them out daily by mingling with the Saints; exorting all to be faithful in righteousness;

ministering to the Church continually; seeing that iniquity does not exist;

adjusting any ill feelings that may exist between Church members;

attending to ward meetings; and living an exemplary life. Whatever

may add to bring to a full fruition the admonition, "Live in peace, one with another,"should ever be the thought of the ordained teacher. The

quorum member who would act with diligence to fulfil these duties, under the direction of the ward authorities, would be counted faithful in the office to which he is appointed.

What right has any member to say, "We can't do that!"Are we

falterers? Why not obtain the spirit that Nephi possessed, when he gave

this thought, that the Lord giveth not a commandment, save a way will be provided for its fulfilment.

To be a member of a teachers'quorum is to be one who knows how is rendered, a command given, a desireto obey—to obey when a decision

expressed by the officers. It is to see that your part in the work assigned

is done so well that its effect is better than the conditions warranted. To hold up the hands of the officers; to give suggestions,

to be active, to put life into duties, is a member's responsibility. To be

a good member in any quorum is to do for your officers and classinstructor what you would wish done by a member, if you were an officer or a classinstructor.—L. E. Eggertsen.

Mutual Work.

Questions on the Senior Manuals.

As to Socialism.—A Mutual Improvement worker, in a letter to the

Era, complains that the words in the Senior Manual (p. 40) "Socialists,

it must be remembered, include anarchists and nihilists at one extreme, and socalled Christian socialists at the other,"are unfair, and that there is no authority quoted for the definition. Our correspondent is in

error on both counts. The footnote to the preceding page gives Professor Nicholson as authority for the whole paragraph on socialistic remedies. Professor Nicholson's exact words are:

"From the nature of the case, the meaning to be attached to socialism is extremely elastic and indefinite. It would probably be impossible

to give a definition that would cover all the various schemes which have been styled by their authors, or their critics, socialistic. At one

extreme we have anarchists and nihilists, and at the other socalled Christian Socialists; and between them are endless varieties. Accordingly,

nothing is easier than to accuse the critic of fighting a creature of his own imagining, and not 'true'or 'actual'Socialism."(Principles, vol. 1,

p. 426.

No higher authority than Professor Nicholson can be given, when it comes to quoting authorities on economic questions.

But this quotation needs an additional word of explanation. Professor Nicholson (and, of course, the Manual) takes a point of view outside

Socialism. A point outside of Socialism must be selected from which to

view the doctrines of socialists. Otherwise some one of the various

forms would have to be chosen as the representative of the socialistic group—which would give the author of the Manual all sorts of trouble,

and lay him open a good deal to the charge of either being "ignorant"or of wishing "to misrepresent."The widest latitude in definition was

chosen in order to satisfy the largest number of persons.

Play and work.—Another Improvement worker wishes to know

why professional baseball playing is labor, and the efforts of a boat's crew not labor?"The first paragraph, in Lesson 4, explains this point

on a close reading. However, we add another word to try to clear up

the matter.

The professional ballplayer gets money for his ballplaying. Hence

his exertion is labor. If he did not get pay for his service, it would

be play. 'Likewise, the boat's crew, if they get money for their rowing,

are working. If they do not get pay, they are not. That is the whole

point in brief. The Manual assumes, of course, that the latter do not

obtain money for their physical exertion, which is generally the case.

That is why the word "professional"is left out of the sentence about the boat crew. Gate receipts cut no figure, for the reason that those

who receive them do not live by that means, and so are not professionals it is in boatracing or ballplaying. No utilities—no matter whether

are created.

Passing Events.

Women gained the right to vote, in the November 8 election in the state of Washington. Woman suffrage amendments to the state constitutions were submitted in that state, in Oregon, South Dakota and Oklahoma, and all except Washington rejected the amendments. There are

five states in the United States in which women are now permitted to vote on the same terms as men, namely: Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, Colorado, and

Washington.

The corn crop for 1910 was the greatest ever grown in the United

States. The figures given out appeal strongly to the imagination. For

the first time in our history as a nation, we have succeeded in producing three billion bushels. This amount of corn translated into the terms of

money and buying power must necessarily give a faster beat to the business pulse of the whole country, and naturally it will have a bearing in producing better financial conditions and cheaper food.

Census returns of the thirteenth census, announced December 10, show that Utah has a population of 373,351, which is 96,602 more than at the census of 1900, when the population was 276,749, an increase of 31.3 per cent in ten years, making the state 42nd in rank. Its population now entitles the state to another Congressman, under the present

congressional apportionment of 194,182, but the new apportionment may raise the number. Five counties fell behind: Kane, 159; Piute, 220;

Rich, 63; Summit, 1,239; and Wayne, 158; the other twentytwo counties

all showed substantial gains. Ogden has 25,580 inhabitants, and the

population of the four leading counties is: Salt Lake, 131,426; Utah,

37,942; Weber, 35,179; Cache, 23,062.

Wyoming has 145,965 inhabitants; an increase of 53,434, or 57.7

per cent over 1900; 50th in rank.

Idaho has a population of 325,594; an increase of 163,822, or

107.3 per cent over 1900; the state is 46th in rank.

Arizona, 204,354; an increase of 81,423, or 66.2 per cent; 47th in

rank.

The population of continental United States is 91,972,266; an

increase in ten years of 15,977,691, or 21 per cent. Including Hawaii,

Alaska and Porto Rico, the population under the Stars and Stripes is 93,402,151—Philippines not included.

FASSING EVENTS. 279

Count Leo Nikolaievitch Tolstoi, the celebrated Russian novelist, who was born in 1828, died on Sunday morning, November 20, 1910, at 6 o'clock, at the flag station of Astopova. Some days

prior to his death, he left his home and family for the Caucasus region, but he died on the way. Six physicians

were in attendance upon him at the little station, also his eldest daughter, Tatiana. His

last words were a protest against so many being around the bed of one sick man, "when there are millions of people in this world,and many of them suffering."Astopova, where he died, is a

little railway station, and the onestory log house of the stationmaster was the only refuge available when the physician accompanying Tolstoi in his flight from home insisted upon his stopping, on account of a severe attack of bronchitis and inflammation COUNT LEO NIKOLAIEVITCH TOLSTOI. of the lungs, which had seized

Died Sunday morning, November 20, 1910 him on his journey to the

Born August, 28, 1828.

Caucasus, whither he desired to go to be left in peace to die. In his life he severely lashed

the Russian government, denounced war, and advocated many extreme philosophies, as a protest against prevailing conditions in

Russia. He was born of the nobility, but was by conviction and by

choice one of the common people. His most intense desire was to lift

them up. It was in 1884 that the count decided to commence living

the simple life. He renounced all his luxuries and comforts, left his wife

and family, who were luxuriously located in the palace at Yasnaya Polyana, to join the peasants in their simple life. The portrait accompanying was taken in 1891, just six years after his determination to lead the

simple life. He was excommunicated from the Orthodox Greek Catholic

280 1MPRO VEMENT ERA.

Church some years ago. He was buried in a simple grave, with simple

ceremonies, without the church rites. He is the author of many stories

and books, a number of which have been translated and published in the

English language. His last words were, "Now comes death; that is all!''

said to his daughter, Tatiana, as he grasped her hand.

Church and state questions in Spain are uppermost in diplomatic and religious circles. On the 4th of November the special senate,

by a vote of 109 to 58, passed a socalled "padlock bill,"which forbade the creation of further religious establishments in Spain for two years.

It is thought that a- renewal of negotiations for a concordat with the

Vatican will take place, though that does not necessarily savor of the religious freedom which many hope for.

Harriet Amelia F. Young, widow of President Brigham Young,

died in Salt Lake City, December 11, 1910. She was the daughter of

W. H. Folsom and Zeriah Eliza Clark, and was born in Buffalo, New

York, August 23, 1838. With the family she came to the Salt Lake

Valley in 1860, and became the wife of President Young, January 24, 1863. She led among the women for many years and in many circles,

traveled extensively in Utah and surrounding states, had entertained many distinguished tourists and guests of President Young, was wellread, possessed a queenly appearance and striking personality, and was true to the end.

Final official returns of the November election, 1910, show that

Washington county was the only county out of the twentyseven in the state of Utah that went Democratic. For representative in the Congress

of the United States, Joseph Howell, Republican, received 50,604 votes in

Utah, as against 32,730 for Ferdinand Erickson, Democrat; a plurality in

favor of Howells of 17,874. For judge of the Supreme Court, D. N.

Straup, Republican, received 50,635, as against 32,610 for Charles C.

Richards, Democrat; a plurality in favor of Straup of 18,025. The vote

in Salt Lake City for Howell was 11,409, as against 3,602 for Erickson; and 11,582 for Straup, as against 3,354 for Richards.

The total vote of the state for representative was 102,233, divided as follows: Republicans, 50,604, Democrats, 32,730, Socialists. 4,857, of

which 1,626 were in Salt Lake City, and the remainder in all the counties of the state except Kane, Rich, and San Juan counties; and 14,042

"Americans,"of which 11,484 were in Salt Lake City, and the remainder in all the counties of the state except Kane, San Juan, Washington and} Wayne.

BEAUTIFUL PETTICOATS If you are not entirely satisfied with any petticoat you order from us, return it within ten days and we will

Refund your Money and Postage Both Ways

Taffeta Silk. Colors—Black, Green,

Blue and Tan. It has a 12inch

flounce with four double rows of fine cording and a 5-inch tailored ruffle. Dust Ruffle, same depth

as flouncetrimmed with ruffle at bottom. Sold regularly for $5.00.

OUR PRICE $2. 98 Postage 20c

Extra. mercerized fast black sateen. Heavy

weight—with extraordinary wearing qualities. Made with 14inch

flounce—having three double rows

three rows of cording and an underlay of the same material. A very attractive

design. Sold at stores for $1.50 and $1.75. OUR PRICE 98c. Postage, 22c

Extra. 6-—Black only 14inch flounce—trimmed with three rows of shirring with a

inch Ruffle at bottom. The material is a firm, substantial medium weight fabric.

It will give good service. A $1.00 Petticoat—extra good value. OUR PRICE

59c. Postage, 18c Extra.

is a petticoat which posNo. 930.—Genuine Heatherbloom Petticoat. This

sesses the rustling quality of silk and it has superior wearing qualities. It has a

14inch tailored flounce—neatly trimmed with 6 rows of cording and a ruffle.

The underlay is of the same material as flounce and protects the ruffle. Seams

overlap and are double stitched. An Elegant Petticoat, Black only. Regular

Price $2.50. OUR PRICE $1.09 Postage, 20c Extra.

has an 18inch flounce trimmed with 3 rows of shirring and three 2-inch ruffles at bottom. An underlay of same material. This shirt has good wearing qualities

and will please you. Usually sold for $1.50 to $1.75. OUR PRICE 98c

Postage, 22c Extra.

Be sure to give length desired.

Length sizes from 38 to 44 inches.

Each petticoat has a draw string at waist and will fit any waist measurement from 21 to 30 inches.

We can fill your order for all kinds of knit garments, cotton, wool, and wool and silk. Prices and samples will be sent on request. We are

the "Knit Garment House of the

World"because we send more garments daily to all parts of the world than any other House.

Our Jewelry and Music Departments are complete.

MONEY AND POSTAGE REFUNDED IF NOT SATISFIED. No. 440Price 59c

WEST'S MAIL ORDER HOUSE Salt Lake Qity (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

DOES YOUR FARM PAY YOU BIG ENOUGH PROFITS) JDo you make mistakes occasionally that cause heavy loss? f|Do p you sometimes wonder whether or not you are working to the

best advantage?

THE DESERET FARMER Is published to help farmers make their farms more profitable. IJIt

will answer the questions that constantly arise in your work, ifllt comes to you every week for $1.00 a year. C|Don't you think

it's worth that much to you? <JSend your Dollar today.::::

THE DESERET FARMER LEWIS A. MERRILL, Editor, J. M. KIRKHAM, Mgr..

Vermont Building, Salt Lake Lehi, Utah

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1911.

Two Dollars per annum with Manual Free.

Heber J. Grant, Business Manager Joseph F. Smith, j Fd'to1 rs

Edward H. Anderson, j Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Brigham Young Frontispiece

President Brigham Young's Excursion Party. Illustrated Solomon F. Kimball 189

The Voice of the Shepherd. A Poem Theodore E. Curtis 201

Just a Little Blue Stocking. II Leila Marler Hoggan 202

For the Development of Character Edward H. Anderson 215

The Inland Sea. A Poem Rufus Leigh 219

The Creation of the Earth. Ill Frederick J. Pack, A. M... 220

The Fisherman. A Poem Dr. J. Lloyd Woodruff 230

Mapusaga, a Factor in Progressive Samoa. Illustrated John Q. Adams 231

Life's Work. A Poem Ellen Lee Sanders 238

The Nephite Shepherd. II Arthur V. Watkins 239

Thou Art Everywhere Before Us. A Poem Theodore E. Curtis 245

The New Year. A Poem Kate Thomas 246

The Crown of Individuality. XIII William George Jordan.... 248

Pen Pictures of the Holy Land. Ill Hamilton Gardner 253

Toseph Smith, A Prophet of God. Ill George W. Crockwell 259

The Worth of a Boy David D. Rust 263

Editors'Table:—Baptism President Joseph F. Smith. 266 Wrong Again—and "There's a Reason"269

The Two Roads 270 Messages from the Missions 272

Priesthood Quorums Table 275 Mutual Work 277 Passing Events 278 3The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun 'S?'

ReiJ?Tt0 AutoLoading Shotgnn, in the hands of an amateur,tHot wJ aLthe Handicap affainst 495 conte8taDts - Tt is theSSSfSSlSST

d U 5 1%M fr6e 'We baVe "thing for EverySporUn Every Sea s nPe

BROWNING BROS. CO., Ogden, Utah

WE PAY 6% PER ANNUM INTEREST ON DEPOSITS

Commercial Savings Benefit Co.

201 Constitution Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

D. J. WILLIAMS, Manager

The Era of Improvement Electric Block Signal Protection

Calls for Better Live Stock When you travel via and Poultry. Secure the best Registered Jersey Cattle, BAST

$50.00 to J150.00 Each "The OoerUnd Route"

Four trains daily over one of the

Berkshire and Duroc Jersey Swine, best ballasted tracks in the couuPigs $10.00 to $25.00 try in the most comfortable cars

S. C. Brown and White Leghorn Chickens, money and care can provide.

Bred for Eggs. This assures

From Utah's Greatest Stock and TRAVEL COMFORT Poultry Farm TRAVEL SAFETY

Office, 201 Main JOSEPH BARKER City Ticket

R. D. Xo. 3 Ogden, Utah

BOYLE

Furniture Go.

Ogden, Utah

Leading Wholesale Dealers in Furniture, Carpets,

Rugs, Stoves, Wall Papers, Draperies and Lace Curat ns in the west.

Eastern prices guaranteed, plus car load rates,

F. O. B. Ogden.

Send (or our new 225 page catalogue.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)

COFFEE IS HARMFUL TO THE NERVES, THE BRAIN,

THE HEART, THE STOMACH AND THE COMPLEXION

KOFFEET

tfjj Feeds, Nourishes, Develops and jl Strengthens the Whole System.

It is fooddrink, made of fruits and grains. It is healthful and helpful.

It quiets the nerves, builds brain and body tissues, sweetens the stomach, and clears the complexion. It is a

beautifier as well as a musclemaker.

"It Builds You Up"YOUR GROCER 25 Cents SELLS IT

that kind of Sled any haveIn the Winter Time We possibly could want, one any

THE SLED'S THE THING and. at moneysaving prices.

CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO

IX ADING IMPLEMENT VXHICLX HARDWARE AND

AUTOMOBILE DEALERS iWtwarwANvvad* COTQOELL

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the ERA.)