Gt.

ERA

Vol. XVII DECEMBER, 1913 No. 2

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD Qc/dRuMS, THE YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAl

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH QfJESUS CHRIST OF LATTER DAY SAINTS

I Published monthly by the general board at s*lt like city, uta/i

Home Visitors Excursions BACK EAST To Penrer, Omaha, Chicago, 8t.

T.oulf, Minneapolis, ana other points

will be made via the

BEFORE THE SMOKE For THANKSGIVING and CLEARS AWAY

On your firestricken shop, factory, CHRISTMAS HOLIDAYS office or store, you can resume business if Insured with us. No long PLAN NOW to thke a trip back

unnecessary delays in adjusting, ho home to visit the tolks you left behaggling over terms; but prompt payhind, and after Octuber 1st consult

ment of losses every time. It's to our an> Oregon Short Line agent or write

again—weInterest to canget youinsureset youup inagain.business D. E BUR! EY Gn. Paw. Agt.

HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH SALT LAKE CI IY, UTAH

Heber J. Grant & Go. 2SK 1

3028 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

BOTH PHONES 351 Jos, Wm. Taylor

Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer.

Fin* Funeral Chapel, Frivate Parlor, Show Rooms and Morgue OPTICS OPEN DAY AND NIGHT

SI, 23 and 25 South West Temple St.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

The Sale Dates November 22 and 24 December 20 and 22 December 29 Via Steamer $43.25 via Portland $68.50

THE PACIFIC LIMITED FOR SERVICE 8:45 A. M. DAILY LAKE - LEAVES SALT at Tickets and Inlotmation frr*\

10 FAST THIRD SOUTH ST. uC#7 CITY TICKET OFFICE, \y ASK ABOUT OUR POPULAR MIDWINTER EXCURSION

In Lighter Mood

Grandmother didn'know nothin''bout th'benzoate o'sody. She hid her jelly t'make it keep. Abe Martin.

"Well, the Lord don't deliver nobody, without they wriggle for themselves pretty consider'ble well fust."Rose Terry

Cooke.

A feller don't have over two er three real friends in a lifetime. Once in a while you meet some one that's nice

an'clever, but'he generally turns out t'be an agent fer somethin', Abe Martin in American Magazine.

A small boy was hoeing corn in a farm lot by the roadside. A man came along in a fine buggy driving a handsome

horse. He looked over the fence, stopped and said, "Bub,

what do you get for hoeing that corn?"

After a moment's hesitation, the lad replied, "Nothin'if

I do, and hell ef I don't."

Dr. Fred J. Pack, of the University of Utah, accompanied

a "bunch"of eightyfive M. I. A. Scouts to Ensign Peak a

few days ago. He gave them talks on geological formations

and the ancient lake levels. One of the boys found a horny

toad which became the object of considerable interest. Someone asked the professor to tell something about the toad.

The professor began: "Now this is not a horny toad, that is

a misnomer. Now what is it, then?"One of the boys immediately answered: "It's a misnomer."The professor's

further statement that the creature belongs to the lizzard family was lost in laughter.

This will be appreciated by all who have passed by rail from Nephi to Ephraim:

Capt. Smith is the conductor on a small southern railroad.

He is also president, general manager, freight superintendent, and all the other officers. The road has the large equipment

of one engine and two cars. A daily round trip is made when

the engine behaves. Capt. Smith will stop for anything anywhere along the line. One of his best shippers is Widow

Brown, whose daily contribution to his freight business is a dozen eggs. One morning she was sad.

"Captain,"she said, when the train stopped, "I've only got 11; but there's a hen on the nest."

"Don't worry, Mrs. Brown,"'said the captain. "We'll

wait."And they did, until the hen cackled.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVII DECEMBER, 1913 No. 2

Agricultural Conditions in Book of Mormon

Times

BY FRANK S. HARRIS, PH. Dv PROFESSOR OF AGRONOMY, UTAH AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

When America was discovered by Columbus, its inhabitants were far from being a highly specialized agricultural people. It

is true the Aztecs of Mexico and the Incas of Peru had a fairly advanced civilization; yet, taking North and South America as

a whole, the great majority of the people depended for their food on hunting, fishing, and the bounties of the native vegetation rather than on the products of farms as we know them today.

Only the most fertile regions were tilled, and these did not produce any great variety of crops or domestic animals.

That a much higher state of agricultural development had existed in America at some previous time, cannot be doubted by any student of the subject. The aborigines of America gave to

pothe world a number of its most important crops—corn and

tatoes being notable examples. The farmers of the world each

year produce more than five billion dollars worth of these two crops alone. This amount of money, although inconceivable,

shows something of what the world owes to the inhabitants of the

Western Continent agriculturally, even though they did not till the soil intensively at the time of the European discoveries.

Those who have made a study of the Book of Mormon lands have been struck by the high state of agriculture that must have existed in earlier times. The remains of irrigation systems that

almost baffle modern engineering skill have been found; and in

certain places very complex terracings are seen, showing that a great amount of labor was spent in making the land produce a 98 IMPROVEMENT ERA

much as possible. From these remains we cannot tell many of the

details of methods. We are simply left to conclude that civilizations have risen and fallen; and with them systems of agriculture

of no uncertain merit have gone hand in hand.

Let us turn to the records of these times to see what light they tlnow on the subject. The Book of Mormon is full of

references to agricultural operations. These make clear the fact

that the original settlers of the Americas were tillers of the soil.

They planted and harvested as well as tended their flocks and herds. Each company, in preparing for the journey to the promised land, gathered and took with it "seeds of every kind, both of

grain of every kind, and also the seeds of fruit of every kind"as well as "flocks, both male and female, of every kind."(I Nephi

8:1; Ether 1:41). And in all their movings from place to place

and settling new country they were careful totake seeds with them. Ft may be a following out of this idea that has given the

Indian the characteristic that is often attributed to him that he will starve, with seed corn in his house, before he will eat what he has saved to plant.

Whenever the people moved from place to place, either in quest of better lands or because of being harassed by their enemies, they gathered together their flocks and herds and the products of the soil. The record usually mentions this fact, inferring

that their agricultural possessions were among the most precious things they had. Usually the first event that is recorded concerning them when they arrived at a place where they expected

to make a new home is that they "began to till the earth, and to plant seeds."In describing the regions through which they

traveled there was usually some reference to the fertility of the land and its adaptation to agriculture.

At many times during the history of their occupancy of the

American Continent a spirit of exceeding democracy seemed to be over the land, so much so that even the rulers practiced agriculture. Thus: "King Mosiah did cause his people that they

should till the earth, and he also, himself, did till the earth, that thereby he might not become burdensome to his people, that he might do according to that which his father had done in all things."(Mosiah 6:7). Amnion and his brethren found that

even the Lamanite King Lamoni was interested in agricultural pursuits and that lie had his lands with his flocks and herds.

The Book of Monnon tells us that in those days they had troubles to contend with the same as we have today. There were

insects that devoured their crops; hot winds blighted them before

they matured; and droughts and famines were not unknown. In

the account of the fust settlers of the land, the Book of Ether (Ch. 9:30) tells us that: "There began to be a great dearth upon

the land, and the inhabitantbegan to.be destroyed exceeding

AGRICULTURAL CONDITIONS 99

fast, because of the dearth, for there was no rain upon the face of the earth."In the descriptions given of the depredations made

by robbers, it is usually stated that they stole products of agriculture, showing that these things were common.

This record of the Nephites is full of instances where prosperity followed the serving of the Lord and where the people ceased to get along well when they turned away from him. Indeed, the whole book is a succession of chronicles of alternating

prosperity and failure dependent of their attitude toward their

Creator. Their religious life was bound up closely with their

daily affairs, and it is from some of the religious teachings that we learn most about their agriculture. The illustrations used

in giving instructions regarding sacred things were drawn largely from their daily life. Just as in the New Testament we learn

much of the agricultural conditions of the Jews from the parables of the Savior, so in this record similar teachings give us a better idea of some of the routine of their lives than can be had from the mere narrative.

There is no definite account of just what kinds of crops they had, except that the following are mentioned: corn, wheat, barley,

neas and sheum, as well as all manner of fruits. We do not

know just the nature of neas and sheum, but we are familiar with the other crops. We are told that the Jaredites brought honey

bees which they called Deseret and that they had "all manner of cattle, of oxen, and cows, and of sheep, and of swine and of goats, and also many other kinds of animals which were useful for the food of man; and they also had horses, and asses, and there were

elephants and cureloms, and cumons."(Ether 9:1819). We

are not aware what the last two were, but the record says they were especially useful to man. That they had implements is made

clear by the following quotation from Ether 10:2526: "And they

did make all manner of tools to till the earth, both to plough and to sow, to reap and to hoe, and also to thresh. And they did make

all manner of tools with which they did work their beasts."

A very great deal could be written along this line, from the information that is given, but sufficient has been said to give a general idea of some of the agricultural practices of the early inhabitants of America.

In studying the Scriptures purely for the religious gems they contain, we sometimes get a distorted idea of the people described. The fact is, they were men and women just as we are

today, with similar joys and sorrows, with temptations and trials, and all the other things that contribute to human life. If we can

be made to understand as fully as possible the conditions under which they lived, it will enable us to be in closer sympathy with them. Such an attitude will make us better able to understand the

100 IMPROVEMENT ERA

hand dealings of the Father with his children in all the ages that are passed.

I Nephi 8:1; Agricultural References in the Book of Mormon.—

16:11; 17:5; 18:6; 18:2425; II Nephi 5:11; 15:2-10; Jacob 5:3-77; Enos

1:21; Mosiah 6:7; 7:22; 9:9-14; 10:2, 4, 21; 11:1517; 12:6; 21:16; 22:8

11; 23:1, 5, 25, 31; 24:18; Alma 1:29; 3:2; 7:27; 17:2539; 18:9-12; 27:14

34:20, 24, 25; 62:29; Helaman 3:5-10; 6:12; 11:6, 17; III Nephi 3:22

4:3 4. 5, 6; 6:1, 2; Ether 1:41; 2:1, 3; 6:4, 13; 9:17, 18, 19, 31, 35; 10:12,

25, 26.

LOGAN, UTAH My Testimony of Joseph Smith the Prophet

I believe Joseph Smith to be a true prophet of God for many reasons First, I think he could not have been deceived, because so many of his visions came in broad daylight; he was physically

and mentally strong, and the work which he accomplished could not have been done by a man who was to mentally feeble as to become deceived.

Second, I can see no motive for his being a wilful deceiver.

Third, the rule that God gave us by which we could judge a true prophet was utterly fulfiled in him.

Fourth, I think God would choose a man with a sweet, lovable disposition such as he had to do His work. Eunice Wilkinson, Student Brigham Young University.

An Irrigation Parable

Two men strove at the bright daydawn for the use of the trickling stream which meandered slowly down the thirsty ditch.

They employed words to show their rights to use this stream, and when that availed not to decide the matter, the)'- came to blows and beat each other on the breast and back.

And the sun arose, and the heat shriveled the young plants, while the shimmer of the noonday drought was over the face of the plain.

But the men were broken and spent with their strife. Both

lay prone upon the sands.

And the sun rode high, then dipped downward on his course and soon was lost to view.

The little stream had found a gopher hole, and down into this rude and useless cup the lifegiving waters poured. But the

men still lay spent and broken upon the plain, and the moon rose upon their folly. Snsa Young Gates.

WkyArtUoMSad?Tl

-Ai\d IKou alrt sad., beloved,

And. ki\ow t\oT wky,

t rorrv. past Tky KeoJrC

) TKc T\ow\ &i\d future/ Weaves

Tr&.T\<j>e. dreads o'er wluck.

Tky soul in sickrvtss r\z,ve%l -Ai\d TKom ddTR wdsfe "ttvTKe kou rs#

Ai\d viseless si<J>k At\a "c&tv. tvo plfeo.su re ni\d.

)f eSrtk. or sky,

Irv. oAiKirrys'w'oav.

Or <old &r\d scarlet eves, TRarSsliesi carpet <&f1t\e, foJIerv le&ves.

I Ko.1 seerr to"wkisper

Tkst"eJl 1t\tiRs n\ustdi'e?

Wky art"tkose &ye% of"ttui\e, <5>o -filled wttK ter>s Wky Ikus wvtfc. s&divess

-All It n\orr\&Nls bir\d?

Its <|>vfts davev/IKk 7m\e. <&f blcssonv. briars,

Tkok pd.nv,>er Joy; dotfv.

WilkiK. live.yeexr-s V

live kopes of dA\ 1tv& p&sf Tky soul stall fii\d,/-x |</ Tky keSrtrDjoe luirwlhF

!'6f IKousaavcl spn n.s j

—Alfred, JLkTnboume

Jim Bridger, "Our First Citizen"

BY PRESTON NIBLEY

I "His lifetime measures that period of our history during which the

West was changed from a trackless wilderness to a settled and civilized country. He was among the first who went to the mountains, and he lived

to see all that had made a life like his possible, swept away forever."

Hiram Chittenden.

Whenever I hear the name Jim Bridger mentioned, there are two events in that famous trapper's life that pass through my mind. I picture him first as a boy of twenty, clad in his fur clothing, his trapper's garb, tramping through the snow alone in the

dead of winter, through Bear River canyon, west of Cache Valley, down past the present sites of Deweyville and Corinne, following the winding river to where it empties into Great Salt Lake. I

nicture him tasting the water of the lake, and his astonishment at finding it salt; his pausing to reflect on the scene before him; his

returning to his companions encamped in Cache Valley and informing them he had discovered "an arm of the sea."

Then again I picture him later in life, when twentytwo more summers have passed over his head. He is a keen and hardy

"mountain man"now: "In person tall and spare, straight and

agile, eyes gray, hair brown and long, expression mild, and manners agreeable."Continuous travel, summer and winter, over the

whole region of "the Great West,"wild and thrilling experiences, have made him the foremost American hunter, trapper and guide of his day. "With a buffalo skin and a piece of charcoal he can

map out any portion of this immense region and delineate mountains, streams, and circular valleys, called 'holes,'with wonderful accuracy."It is June 28, 1847. The place is "the point where the California trail crosses the Little Sandy river,"(in what is now southwestern Wyoming) and the time is evening. Seated around a

campfire are a group of earnest, weatherbrowned men, among whom, one, our immortal President Young, is questioning a lean, gaunt trapper, Jim Bridger. Listen! The trapper is saying, "I

consider it unwise to bring a large colony into the Great Basin until it is demonstrated that grain can be grown. And as for the Salt

Lake Valley. I will give a thousand dollars for the first ear of corn

that ripens there."President Young laconically replies, "Wait a

little, and we will show you."

JIM BRIDGER, "OUR FIRST CITIZEN"103

These are the two events of Jim Bridger's life that particularly interest me. First, that as a mere boy, here in the mountains in the Winter of 182425, he discovered, and was the first

white man to report, so far as we know, the existence of our Great

Salt Lake. And, second, that on that memorable western journey

of our Pioneers, in the summer of 1847, Jim Bridger met them, camped with them, conversed with them, and heartily endeavored to discourage them in their settlement here. Bridger knew the

country from more than twenty years experience, and he "knocked"it, but he "knocked"it to the wrong people.

To inquire further into the famous old trapper's life, is to read a most interesting history. For many, many years he was here

in the "wilderness,"before a settler ever came to till the soil, or build a home. Constantly surrounded by danger of wild animals

and savage tribes, he trapped along the streams for beaver fur, day in and day out, over a vast region. He knew the head waters

of the Missouri and Yellowstone; he had sailed the Columbia to

its mouth. The Sacramento River in California and the Rio

Grande in Mexico, were familiar to him. It was a wild, fascinating life he led; tremendously interesting to us at this day when the

"trackless wilderness"has become a settled country, dotted with prosperous towns and cities and covered with teeming fields.

The few facts I have been able to learn about Bridger's early years have been found after considerable research. He was a

southerner by birth, born of a poor tavernkeeper in Richmond,

Virginia, March, 1804. His father early caught the western fever

and, in 1812, settled at St. Louis. Here the boy grew up, on the

very edge of the wild west, where romantic stories of exciting adventure continually rang in his ears. At eighteen he was a blacksmith's apprentice. In the same year a small advertisement in a

St. Louis newspaper, put there by William Ashley, calling for "one

hundred men to go to the mountains and trap beaver,"caught his eye. Bridger answered "the call of the wild."He joined Ashley

and disappeared into the desert, and but few times did he return to civilization again, except when, an old and feeble man, he returned to die.

Was it luck or insight attended this young scout in his achievements? It was on his first journey west that, riding his

mule, and somewhat ahead of his fellows, Bridger is reported to have discovered the great south pass on the Wyoming plateau, which for years afforded to weary emigrants the road of easiest access across the Rockies. History is meagre as to his first trip,

and but few events are fecorded. Here in the mountains, Ashley's

men had a terrible time of it. They were attacked by Indians.

They lost their supplies. The party broke up and scattered in all

directions. As before related, Bridger and a few companions

l Ml \ l IK \ 104 iMPR( \

found themselves stranded, encamped in Cache Valley, waiting for the winter <>f 1824 25 b i pass.

Chittenden, the historian, tells the story of the discovery of

Salt I.ake as foil >ws

"\ party "I Ashley's nun wire encamped for the winter of 1824 ami 1825, in Cache Valley, and were trapping on Bear River and its tributaries. Here a controversy arose as to the course of Bear River,

after it left the valley. A wager was laid and James Bridger was selected to follow the river and determine the bet. This he did, and soon

arrived at its outlet in Great Salt Lake. Tasting the water, he discovered it to be salt, and on reporting to his companions, all assumed

it was an arm of the Pacific Ocean."

I have read denials that Bridger was the first white man to look across the waters of our Inland Sea. Stansbury, in his report, (published in 1855) says "that the existence of a large lake

of salt water somewhere amid the wilds, west of the Rocky mountains, seems to have been known vaguely as long as one hundred and fifty years since."One Samuel Ruddock claims to have passed

through Salt Lake valley in 1821. "That no white man ever saw

the Great Salt Lake,"says Bancroft, "before Bridger, cannot be proven, but his being the only well authenticated account, history must rest there until it finds a better one."

For Jim Bridger's next adventure that we are able to learn in recorded history, we pass over a number of years. The story is

told by nu other than the brilliant Washington Irving. It is 1832.

Since we last heard of him, Captain Jim has become a hardy, fearless trapper, a iader of his fellows, and, though still a boy, he is known as "the old man of the mountains."Irving relates that he

and his fellow trappers, while traveling south, following the streams and trapping beaver near what is now the region of Yellowstone Park, one day saw a body of Blackfoot Indians in the open plain, though near enough some rocks which could be resorted to in case of neet..'The Indians made pacific overtures

which were reciprocated by the whites. A few men advanced

from each party. A circle was formed and the pipe of peace was

smoked. While this ceremony was being enacted, a young Mexican named Loretto, a free trapper accompanying Bridger's band,

who had previously ransomed from the Crows a beautiful Blackfoot girl, and had made her his wife, was present looking on. The

girl recognized her brother among the Indians. Instantly leaving

her infant with Loretto, she rushed into her brother's arms, and was received with greatest warmth and affection. Bridger now

rode forward to where the peace ceremonies were enacting. His

rifle lay across his saddle. The Blackfoot chief came forward to

meet him. Through some apparent distrust Bridger cocked his

piece as if about to fire. The chief seized the barrel and pushed it

JIM BRIDGER, "OUR FIRST CITIZEN"105

downward so that its contents were discharged into the ground.

This precipitated a melee. Bridger received two arrow shots in

his back, and the chief felled him to the earth with a blow from the gun which he had wrenched from Bridger's hand. The chief

then leaped into Bridger's saddle and the whole party made for the cover of the rocks, where a desultory fire was kept up for sometime.

I would have you forget Loretto, the girl and the child, and remember the arrowheads Bridger received in his back. One of

them remained there for nearly three years, or until the middle of

August, 1835. At that time Dr. Marcus Whitman was at the

trappers'rendezvous on Green river. Bridger was also there, and

Dr. Whitman offered to perform a surgical operation. Chittenden, who relates the story, says

"The operation was a difficult one because the arrow was hooked at the point by striking a large bone, and a cartilaginous substance had grown around it. The doctor pursued his work with great self possession and perseverance; and his patient manifested equal firmness. The

Indians looked on meanwhile with countenances indicating wonder, and in their own peculiar manner expressed great astonishment when it was extracted. The arrowhead was of iron and was about three

inches long."

Where was Jim Bridger for the following eight years? Really,

I have been at a loss to learn, except that he was a daring and fearless spirit, one of the leaders and "proprietors"of the Rocky

Mountain Fur Company. This company did a lot of business and

shipped hundreds of bales of beaver fur from the mountains to

St. Louis, where they were disposed of at enormous profits. But

somehow the other man always got the profits and Bridger got the experience, though he was the greatest trapper of them all. At

any rate, by 1843, Bridger was a poor man. The fur business was

rapidly declining, and another means of maintenance had to be sought. He took advantage of it by establishing a small "Fort"

on Black's Fork of the'Green River, not far from what is now

Evanston, Wyoming. This event may not seem to have any

special significance, and yet one historian says, "in the year 1843

James Bridger, whose name will always be prominent in western adventure, built a post on a tributary of Green River, a water of the Pacific ocean, for the convenience of emigrants. It was the

first trading post ever built beyond the Mississippi for this purpose, and its establishment marks the beginning of the era of emigration into the Far West."

The year 1847 found Bridger doing business at a squalid fort on Black's Fork. He was wont to take the lean, worn horses of

weary travelers, at a low price, feed them to fatness in his fertile 106 IMPROVE Ml NT ERA

pastures and sell them at a considerable profit to emigrants following. Also he had had a sort of blacksmith's shop fixed up to

repair wagons.

In June, 1847, history tells, Bridger set out horseback with two of his men on a business trip to Fort Laramie. They had not

gone far when at evening time they decried in the distance a carPioneers. As they drew near,avan of wagons,—our "Mormon"

President Young halted the trapper and invited him to camp with them over night. A careful account has been kept of what went

mi ari nind the campfire that evening, and to us at this date is most interesting. I desire to reproduce a part of it as related in

Whitney's History of Utah. It is from the pen of William Claytun:

There is no blacksmith shop at his fort. There was one but it was

destroyed. From Bridger's fort to the Great Salt Lake, Hastings said,

was about one hundred miles. Bridger himself had been through fifty

times but could form no correct idea of the distance. There is no

timber on the Utah Lake, but some on the streams emptying into it.

In the valleys southeast of Utah Lake there is an abundance of blue grass and white clover. Some of his men have been around Salt Lake

in canoes. But while they went out hunting, their horses were stolen

by the Indians. They then spent three months going around the lake

in canoes hunting beavers, the distance being five hundred and fifty miles. The Utah tribe of Indians live around the lake and are a bad

people. If they catch a man alone they are sure to rob and abuse him,

if they don't kill him, but parties of men are in no danger. The Indians are mostly armed with guns.

There was a man who had opened a farm in Bear River Valley, where the soil is good and likely to produce grain, were it not for the excessive cold nights. lie never saw any grapes on the Utah Lake,

but there are plenty of cherries and berries of several kinds. He

thinks the region around the Utah Lake is the best country in the vicinity of the Salt Lake, and the country is still better the farther south one goes until the desert is reached, which is upwards of two hundred miles. There is plenty of timber on all the streams and

mountains and an abundance of fish in the streams. He passed through

the country a year ago last summer in the month of July, there is gen erally one or two showers of rain every day, sometimes very heavy thunder showers but not accompanied by strong winds. He said we

would find plenty of water from here to Bridger's fort, except after crossing the Green River, when we have to travel about twenty miles without water. But there is plenty of grass. We need not fear the

Utah Indians for we could drive the whole cf them in twentyfour hours. Mr. Bridger's theory was not to kill them, but make slaves of

them. The Indians south of Utah Lake raise as good corn, wheat and

pumpkins as wire ever raised in old Kentucky.

JIM BRIDGER, "OUR FIRST CITIZEN"107

Then comes the oft repeated tale. The old trapper advised

our Pioneers not to go to Salt Lake Valley. It was a barren,

desert place and would not raise corn. Had they heeded him,

might not the history of the West have been changed?

"Too Much to Do'

BY WM. HALLS

I want to express to you my appreciation of the Era. I am

always glad to read it. I consider all the articles good, yet some

interest me more than others. I was very much impressed by Dr.

Gowan's address to the students of the University of Utah. I can

see that as time rolls on, and conditions change, it will require intelligence and a strong will to see and choose the good and reject the evil.

Last summer I traveled about six hundred miles from

Mancos in a northwesterly direction, visiting parts of Utah, Colorado and Idaho and talked with many men and women, and nearly every man and woman complained of "too much to do."With all

our mechanical devices and laborsaving inventions we are overworked. Since I have been unable to work hard and travel but

very little I have had more time to read and study. I have tried

to get a clearer conception of values, and I have concluded that there is something wrong with the person who has "too much to do."He who has no time to pray, nor to study the scripture, no

time for spiritual is not in a normal development,—such a person

condition. I believe in change, in progression, but with it, I want

wisdom, intelligence to be able to separate the wheat from. the

tares. There is no need to be in a hurry, advance steadily, be

moderate in all things. Never look backward and sigh for the

"good old times;"they will never return. We can't see the old

times as they really were. "Distance lends enchantment to the

scene."We don't want to travel over the rough roads our fathers

traveled. Let us accept the light, the truth, the freedom transmitted to us, but seek inspiration to detect the darkness, the error,

and the bondage. Let us "come out of Babylon."If we would

profit bv the advantages that we eniov, and exercise a little common-sense, what a good time we might have. I believe in some

things as fundamental on which our happiness depends. Faith in

God as our Father, in Jesus Christ as our Redeemer, in the efficacy of prayer, and in an everaeting Providence. The man having

this in good working order, is rich; all things essential are within

his reach.

MANCOS, COLORADO IOWA CITY From an old, rare photograph

BelatedEmigrants of 1856

BY SOLOMON F. KIMBALL

II After traveling thirteen hundred miles in a little less than thritynine days, Franklin D. Richards'party reached Salt Lake

City, October 4, 1856, having been absent from home about three years. Before they had fairly time to wash the dust from their

sunburnt faces, they reported to President Brigham Young the precarious condition in which they found the Willie company when they passed them on the plains, three weeks before, on their journey from Iowa City to the Great Salt Lake Valley.

As soon as these facts leaked out, the news spread like wildfire, and when the Monday conference convened, President Young said "There are a number of our people on the plains who have started to come to Zion with handcarts, and they need help. We want

twenty teams by tomorrow morning to go to their relief. It will be

necessary to send two experienced men with each wagon. I will furnish three teams loaded with provisions, and send good men witli

them, and Brother Heber C. Kimball will do the same. If there are

any brethren present who have suitable outfits for such a journey they will please make it known at once, so we will know what to depend upon."President Young then adjourned conference until 10 o'clock the next morning, so as to give all a chance to help get things ready.

Such a spirit of brotherly love as was shown forth by the

Latterday Saints on that occasion was perhaps never before witBELATED EMIGRANTS OF 1856 109

nessed in a religious community. It seemed that every man,

woman and child within the limits of Salt Lake was alive to the situation. While the men were going in every direction gathering

up supplies, the women were making quilts, mending underwear, knitting mittens, darning socks, patching trousers, and even taking clothes from their own backs to send to the shivering pilgrims hundreds of miles out on the plains.

The evening before the start was made, the twentyseven young men who composed the relief party were called together by the authorities of the Church and given their final instructions, after which all of them received blessings that fairly made

OLD FORT BRIDGER AS IT LOOKED IN PIOXEER DAYS

From a sketch by George M. Ottinger

them quake. After an affectionate parting, the boys returned

to their homes for a good night's rest.

About, 9 o'clock next morning, sixteen firstclass fourmule teams were seen wending their way towards Emigration Canyon, headed for,the east. They were under the supervision of such

men as George D. Grant, William H. Kimball, Joseph A. Young,

Cyrus H. Wheelock, James Furguson and Chauncey G. Webb.

With them were such noted scouts as Robert T. Burton, Charles

F. Decker, Benjamin Hampton, Heber P. Kimball, Harvey H.

Guff, Thomas Alexander, Reddick N. Allred, Ira Nebeker,

Thomas Ricks, Edward Peck, William Broomhead, Abel Garr,

C. Allen Huntington, George W. Grant, David P. Kimball,

Stephen Taylor, Joel Parish, Charles Grey, Amos Fairbanks,

Daniel W. lones and Thomas Bankhead.

ASCENDING SOUTH PASS, GOING EAST

From a sketch by George M. Ottinger

The first night out they camped at the foot of Big Mountain, and by unanimous vote George D. Grant was elected captain of

the company, and William H. Kimball and Robert T. Burton his

assistants, Cyrus H. Wheelock, chaplain, and Charles F. Decker,

guide.

At daylight next morning they continued on their way, driving as far as possible each day, not even stopping for the noon hour. Stormy weather soon set in, making the roads wellnigh

impassable. Fort Bridger was reached on the 12th, but not a

word from the emigrants had reached that place. Three days

later they arrived at Green River, and still no word from them.

By this time the boys became somewhat alarmed, as they were expecting to meet the Willie company in the neighborhood of Fort Bridger, and here they were fiftyeight miles beyond.

When last heard from, the Martin company was more than one hundred miles in the rear of the Willie company, and the wagon trains still behind them.

After discussing matters from various standpoints, Joseph

A. Young and Cyrus H. Wheelock were sent ahead to let the

emigrants know that relief was at hand, and to urge them to push on towards the Valley, as rapidly as possible, no matter what the sacrifice might be. There were more than 1,500 pilgrims to

be rescued, and sixteen loads of provisions divided among such a number would not last many days.

Before the expressmen were fairly out of sight, their companions were again moving. They were anxious to cross the

divide between the Wind River and Green River Mountains before the threatening storms overtook them. They fully realized

112 IMPROVEMENT ERA

what it meant for hundreds of wornout emigrants to be caught in the early storms of a severe winter, hundreds of miles out in the wilderness, without food and shelter.

After traveling thirtyfive or forty miles in a northeasterly direction, winter broke in upon them in all its fury. It snowed

for three days and nights almost incessantly, with a cold wind constantly blowing from the north. The roads became so blocked

with snow that the boys were compelled to double teams before they were able to reach the summit of the Continental Divide.

Reddick N. Allred's team was so run down that he was unable

to continue the journey. The snow was so deep at South Pass

that the best teams in the outfit could hardly draw their loads on a downhill pull.

On the evening of the 20th, they turned down to a sheltered

SEEKING FOR HELP

From a sketch by George M. Ottinger

place on the Sweetwater, and camped for the night, for men and animals were completely exhausted. Just as they were located,

here came Captain Willie and Joseph B. Elder, on two wornout

mules, with news that their company, east of Rocky Ridge, was in a freezing, starving condition, and would perish unless immediate relief was given.

The boys soon hitched their teams again and continued on their way as long as their animals could stand it. At daylight

the next morning another start was made, and they continued going until the Willie camp was reached. Before they had time

to alight from their wagons they witnessed sights that were

MEMBERS OF THE RELIEF PARTY

lm> row: \\ illiam H. Kimball, James Furguson; second row: Thomas E. Ricks,

Rcddick N. Allred; bottom row: Harvey H. Cluff, and Benjamin Hampton.

BELATED EMIGRANTS OF 1856 115

enough to move the hardest heart. These poor unfortunates,

numbering a little less than five hundred, were caught in a place where there was neither wood nor shelter. They had not had

anything to eat for fortyeight hours, and were literally freezing and starving to death.

The Salt Lake boys were soon mounted on harnessed mules, with axes in hand, and in a short time dragged from the distant hills several cords of wood to the Willie camp below. Bonfires

were soon made, and the cooking began in earnest, every available person taking a hand. This was kept up until every member of

the Willie company had enough to eat and to spare. Soon there

was an improvement in camp, but the relief came too late for some, and nine deaths occurred that night.

This is what Brother John Chislett, a member of that illfated company, had to say about that portion of the journey:

"We traveled on in misery and sorrow, day after day, sometimes going quite a distance, and at other times we were only able to walk a few miles. We were finally overtaken by a snowstorm which the

fierce winds blew furiously about our ears, but we dare not stop, as we had sixteen miles to make that day in order to reach wood and water. "As we were resting at noon, a light wagon from the west drove into camp, and its occupants were Joseph A. Young and Cyrus H.

Wheelock. Messengers more welcome than these young men were

to us never came from the courts of glory. After encouraging us all

they could, they drove on to convey the glad tidings to the members of the Martin company which, it was feared, were even worse off than we. As they went from our midst many a hearty 'God bless you'followed them.

"Just as the sun was sinking behind the distant cliffs west of our camp, several covered wagons were seen coming towards us. The

news spread through the camp like wildfire, and all who were able turned out en masse. Shouts of joy rent the air, strong men wept, and

children danced with gladness. As the brethren entered our camp the

sisters fell upon them and deluged them with their tears and kisses.

Our rescuers were so overcome that they could hardly speak, but in choking sdence attempted to repress the emotions that evidently mastered them. Soon, however, the ieeling was somewhat abated, and

such a shaking of hands, such words of comfort, and such invocations of God's blessings were never before witnessed. Among the brethren

who came to our rescue were Elders William H. Kimball and George

D. Grant. They had remained in the Valley but two days before starting back to our relief. May God ever bless them for their generous,

unselfish kindness, and their manly fortitude. How nobly, how faithfully, how bravely they worKed to bring us to the Zion of our God."

The next morning, agreeable to plans adopted by the relief party, at a meeting held the evening before, Captain George D.

Grant, with seventeen men and nine teams, pushed on to the relief of the Martin, Hodgett and Hunt companies, taking most of the provisions with him, while William H. Kimball, with the remainder of the outfit, started back to Salt Lake in charge of the

MEMBERS OF THE WILLIE COMPANY Top row: Captain James Y. Willie, Assistant Captain Millen M. Atwood; bottom row:

Joseph B. Elder and Margaret D. Cowan.

BELATED EMIGRANTS OF 1856 117

Willie company. It was late in the day before Elder Kimball

got the handcart people started, as they were in such a weakened condition. About forty of their number had already perished, and

others were dying.

While crossing Rocky Ridge, many of the Saints frosted their hands, feet and faces, the weather was so extremely cold.

The next morning they pushed on as rapidly as possible, as they were anxious to get the benefit of the newlybroken road, before the drifting snow filled it; but were sadly disappointed, as a

fearful blizzard raged throughout the whole day. They were

nearly out of provisions again, and had to travel at least twenty miles before they could renew their supplies. This was the most

disastrous day of the journey, and fifteen of their number died that day.

On the 24th, after a hard day's climb, they reached South

Pass, where flour and plenty of wood, at the Allred camp, were found. The next day they met five Valley teams, but it was

deemed advisable to have them go to the relief of the Martin company, which was at least one hundred miles in the rear. These

wagons had made a wellbeaten track which proved of much benefit to the handcart folks, enabling them to reach Green River by the last of the month. The next day they met seven teams

from Fort Supply, and three from Salt Lake. From there on

they met teams every day, but most of them went to the relief of the other parties.

When they arrived at Fort Bridger, on the 2nd of November, they were filled with joy to find about fifty teams that had been sent from the settlements, north and south of Salt Lake, to haul them the remainder of the way. Up to this time about onesixth of their number had died, since leaving Iowa City, on the

morning of July 15.

About noon on the 9th of November, William H. Kimball

halted his sixty wagon loads of suffering humanity in front of the Old Tithing Office building, where Hotel Utah now stands.

The company was greeted by hundreds of Salt Lake citizens who were anxiously awaiting their coming. The scene that followed

would be hard to describe. In less than an hour from the time

that illfated company reached its destination, every man, woman and child that belonged to it, was being tenderly cared for in a manner that brought tears of joy to their bloodshot eyes.

(to be continued) Peculiar Japanese Religion

BY II. G. IVINS, PRESIDENT OF THE JAPAN MISSION

Missionaries who come to Japan fall into a world of new thought, and new religion, a world full of interest, and rich with opportunity for the student. The idea that truth is precious above

all else with which we have been impressed, leads us to investigate this great realm of mystery, as far as we are able, limited as is our knowledge of the Eastern languages. Thanks to men

who have given their lives to the spread of Christianity in the

Orient and who have delved into the store house of Eastern thought, we are able to learn something of the beliefs of this great mass of humanity whom we are pleased to term heathens.

We are indebted for much of our information concerning the religions of Japan to the late Rev. Arthur Lloyd, who came to

this country in 1885 and worked continually on his study of the religions of the Empire until his death, in October of last year (1912). He has put the results of his tireless research into several most scholarly volumes which are of great value to Christian

missionaries in this country.

As Mr. Lloyd's studies unfolded to him the depths of Buddhist (Japanese) he was impressed with what he considered a

marked likeness, in the teachings of the Shinshu sect, to the writings of St. Paul, and with one point which differed radically

from the belief of other Buddhist sects. This apparent closeness

to Christian teachings led Mr. Lloyd to double his exertions in

an effort to gather some evidence to indicate a real connection between Christianity and the origin of this Shinshu sect. Though

he was unable, in his long search among the temples of Japan, to discover the copy of the writings of St. Paul, which he fondly

hoped he might uncover, he did gather much information which greatly strengthened his belief that the Shinshu creed was founded on Christianity rather than on Buddhism as taught by the great

Shakyamuni.

This peculiarity of Shinshu, which Mr. Lloyd has explained

in his effort to show that Christianity influenced, if it did not furnish the foundation for, the whole creed, is worthy the attention of any student of religion, especially to one who holds the views taught by the Prophet Joseph Smith.

To make plain to our Western readers the foundation of the contention that the teachings of Jesus made themselves felt in

Japan hundreds of years ago, it will be necessary to state, at least

PECULIAR JAPANESE RELIGION 119

one of the fundamental doctrines of Buddhism, and then show how diametrically opposed is this thought which pervades the

Shinshu teachings.

The doctrine of which I speak has been thus translated, "By oneself evil is done; by oneself one suffers. By oneself evil is

left undone; by oneself one is purified. Purity and impurity belong to oneself; no one can purify another."This is one way of

expressing the idea that fills Buddhism, that man must not look to anyone or anything outside of himself for help in his effort to conquer self and obtain the Buddhahood. There is in the great

Indian religion no idea of a God who helps man, in his struggle to obtain perfection, no Father to forgive when his children err, no Savior, faith on whose name will bring salvation. Man must

make the fight alone, depending upon his strength only for his entrance into Nirvana and Buddhahood. The idea of vicarious

sacrifice, and of salvation by faith in a Redeemer, seems to be entirely absent.

Knowing such to be the unvarying creed of Buddha (as far as we have learned it), we do not expect to find, even in Japan where that creed has been so corrupted, any idea of a Redeemer, as we understand the term. But study reveals to us that here,

where we least expected it, is a sect "the youngest and by far the most popular of them all"which "carries out to its logical conclusions the principle of salvation by faith in the vow of Amida, the One Buddha."Shinran, the founder of this sect, who is said

to have been born 1173 A. D., composed a hymn which contains

a summary of the teachings of Shinshu. We find in this poem

such statements as, "He [Nagarjuna, about A.D. 120] taught that

the way of salvation by one's own efforts is like a toilsome journey by land, that the way of faith in the merits of another is as an easy voyage in a fair ship over smooth waters, that if man put his trust in the fundamental vow of Amida, he will enter at once by Buddha's power into the class of those destined to be born into the Pure Land,"and "[Vasubandhu taught] with a view to the salvation of men through the faith in another's merits which

Amida bestows upon us."Without inquiring into the nature of

the "Vow of Amida"which is the object of saving faith, we recognize in the passages quoted, as in almost every verse of the hymn, a Savior, one who saves if men will believe on his "fundamental vow."Here is a Christian idea, and it seems impossible

to account for it as having its source in Indian Buddhism. The

question arises as to how it found its way into Japan. It is here,

it is Chrisitan, no matter how corrupted in the working out, and there is an opportunitv for some one to take up the subject where

Mr. Lloyd left it, and trace it to its introduction into this country.

The presence in Japan of this "salvation through faith in 120 I.M I'KOVKMKXT ERA

another's merits"gives US a new interest in the religions of this empire. P.elirving, as we do, that the plan of salvation was

known to man from the beginning, we think it not improbable that the teaching of Shinshu in respect to a Savior (and the Shinshuist claims that this teaching originated near 500 B. C), is of divine

origin. We think that, had Mr. Lloyd known of the teachings

of Joseph Smith concerning this subject, so that he could have gone beyond St. Paul looking for his Savior, he might, with his

untiring work, have solved the problem which occupied so great a part of his life's effort.

TOKYO, JAPAN

This is a picture of Elder O. D. Romney, president of the New

Zealand Mission, his wife and three sons. Sister Romney and William,

their youngest son, expected to sail from Auckland for home, via Vancouver, Nov. 21. Elder Romney will return by way of Europe, visiting

the Holy Land, taking with him his two eldest sons, O. D., Jr., and

Melbourne, both having been born, and filled missions in New Zealand, since Elder Romney first circumnavigated the globe, 22 years ago, returning then from his first mission.

STAKE SUPERINTENDENTS Y. M. M. I. A.

Top row, left to right: David L. Pugh, Kanab; Walter W. Morrison, Sevier; Franklin Whitehouse, Tooele; Center: J. M. Hixson,

Summit; third row: Le Roy Dixon, Utah; Hubert C. Burton, North

Davis; Hugh B. Folsom, Liberty; bottom: Dr. William M. Cragun,

Bear River, all of Utah.

The Last Celebration of the 24th

At the Birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith, by Prest.

Ben E. Rich

BY GEORGE ED. ANDERSON

A number of elders have expected something in the Era about the celebration at the Joseph Smith Monument, on the 24th of July last. President Ben E. Rich was there at the time

with the ciders, and his recent death again reminds us of the oftenexpressed desire of the elders. I send you a number of

views which were taken on Pioneer Day, 1913. President Rich

took such an interest in the occasion, and did so much to make all happy at that time, that it would appear now to be very appropriate that the Era should have a report of the principal incidents.

Elder Frank L. Brown, who is in charge of the Joseph Smith

Memorial Farm, at Sharon, Vermont, invited the elders and

Saints in the New England states to observe Pioneer day at the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph. There was, accordingly, a

gathering of the elders and Saints at the home at that time. Soon

after sunrise the Stars and Stripes floated on Patriarch Hill, (some distance from the monument) raised by the elders and sisters. President Rich felt unable to make the climb, but asked

the brethren and sisters to sing, after they had raised Old Glory,

SINGING "MY COUNTRY"AND "HIGH ON THE MOUNTAIN TOP.

Patriarch Hill, Joseph Smith Memorial Farm, July 24, 1913.

LAST CELEBRATION OF BEN E. RICH 123

the old familiar hymn of the Latterday Saints, "High on the

Mountain Top,"and "The Starspangled Banner."During this

performance he sat on the broad piazza and heard and enjoyed the songs. Elder W. D. Robertson offered prayer, and Elder

Joseph Price led in the singing. "High on the Mountain Top,"

"My County, 'tis of Thee,""The Starspangled Banner,""O

Ye Mountains High,"and "We Thank Thee, O God, for a

Prophet"were on the program. During the stay on the hill a picture was made of the company. On the way down a patch of

wild raspberries were found, just above the north reservoir, the taste of which sharpened our appetite for a delicious breakfast which Sister Edwin Clifford had prepared at the farm home.

At 10 o'clock a meeting was held in the large tent, at which

President Rich spoke. He remarked that it was very appropriate

that we celebrate the entrance of the Pioneers into the valley of the Great Salt Lake, at this, the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph

Smith, who had predicted that the Latterday Sains would go to the Rocky Mountains and become a mighty people. He was the

crottp of missionaries on patriarch hill.

Looking toward the cottage. White River valley and "Kent's Lodge."jnst above

South Royalton, outlined in the hazy distance.

mainspring of that movement, and Brigham Young, who stood at the head, knew that God had spoken to the Prophet Joseph.

The humblest man and woman who were faithful knew also that these men were guided by inspiration. The gospel has done

much for the young people. It is the labor of the Pioneers, and

124 IMPROVEMENT ERA

their abiding faith in the misison of Joseph Smith that have given us the blessings we enjoy, and the privileges of declaring the gospel message which was restored to him from on high.

He invited all who were present to speak and to say of what generation they were, for it had been said that "Mormonism"would die with the third or fourth generation. He asked what

answer they had to give to that prediction.

Most of those present bore their testimony and stated how the gospel had brought their parents and grandparents together, and the joy and the satisfaction they themselves had in coming to this sacred spot and enjoying the spirit of peace that here prevailed.

Sister Laura Rich told of the experiences of her parents in the handcart company.

President Rich introduced Sister Georgia Snow Thatcher, the daughter of Erastus Snow. Her father, and Orson Pratt,

were in the valley of Salt Lake a day or two before the Pioneers, and selected the site for their camp. She expressed herself as

happy to be at the birthplace of the Prophet, and in the land where here parents were born.

Elder Frank L. Brown expressed himself as pleased to have

so many visit him at this sacred spot, where, he believed, we had all tried to have our spirits attuned to the spirit of the place. His

father, as a young man seventeen years of age, was a member of the "Mormon"Battalion. As he spoke of his mother and the

trials she had endured as a Pioneer, tears dimmed his eyes, all who heard him were melted, and their hearts were softened lisPREST. BEX E. RICH, ELDER? AND SAINTS, EVENING OF JULY 24, 1913

LAST CELEBRATION OF BEN E. RICH 125

tening to the experiences he related of faithful fathers and mothers who had made it possible for the desert to blossom as the rose.

President Rich said that the elders who were laboring on the

Joseph Smith Memorial Farm were doing just as great a work as those who were in the service distributing gospel literature. He

wished them to strengthen the hands of Brother and Sister Brown, and invited them to give the place their best efforts. The meeting was dismissed by Kenneth Brown, one of the fifth generation

of Latterday Saints.

At 2 o'clock a bounteous dinner was served by Sister Brown and her sisters Mary and Jessie Tibbs, a gentle rain cooling the atmosphere and making the surroundings and the situation very pleasing indeed.

! 'ELDERS PLAYING BASEBALL ON SLOPE OF MISSIONARY HILL,

Joseph Smith Memorial Farm, July 24, 1913.

In the evening the living room of the Memorial Cottage was crowded with neighbors and friends who had come at the invitation of Brother and Sister Brown to meet President Rich and the elders and Saints and listen to a program of the songs of Zion, readings, instrumental music, etc. Elder Brown welcomed his

neighbors and introduced President Rich, who said it was very litting that around the hearthstone where the Prophet Joseph

Smith was born, we should commemorate the entrance of the

Pioneers into the valley of the Great Salt Lake, for it was his prophetic vision which had seen the Latterday Saints driven and plundered, that many should lose their lives, and that they would go to the Rocky Mountains and become a mighty people. The

12o IMPROVEMENT ERA

presence of these elders at this place is a testimony of the fulfilment of that prophecy. "No Vermonter need be ashamed of the

Prophet Joseph Smith. No other man born in Vermont is so

widely known the world over as this same Prophet of the latter days. His name has been had for good and evil, just as the angel

Moroni predicted that it would be. We are here to speak good

of him, for we knew he was sent of God, and has revealed the gospel of Jesus Christ in its purity to the world to prepare the nations and the people thereof for the second coming of the

Savior. You are invited to look into his life, and you shall find

that he was a man of God, and worthy of your respect and confidence."

Elder Joseph Price sang, "Joseph the Seer."Elder N. B.

West gave a violin solo. Sister Brown and Ada Stark gave

readings, and Sister Mary Tibbs sang an original song. Sister

Eliza O. Borgsson also sang a song. Many others, called to

take part extemporaneously, responded as they were invited by

Brother Brown. President Rich, not feeling well, retired before

the program was finished. The exercises in the cottage were

closed with prayer, and on the piazza afterwards, all who desired refreshed themselves with watermelons and engaged themselves in interesting conversation.

On the evening of the 24th, the company had a portrait taken on the lawn, sloping south toward the lily pond, with the cottage and the monument in the background. President Rich

PRF.ST. BEN E. RTCH, JULY 24, 1913

LAST CELEBRATION OE BEN E. RICH 127

left for New York on the 25th, not feeling very well. It was

hisjast visit.

Most of the elders and Saints remained until after the 28th, and before returning to their fields of labor, a testimony meeting was held in the Memorial Cottage, on Sunday, the 27th, in which all expressed themselves as having been greatly blessed by their visit and experience at the Prophet's birthplace.

On the 28th, before separating, the visitors gathered around the old well, where they sang "The Old Oaken Bucket."They

also visited Sophronia Glen, where Sister Mary Tibbs sang an original song composed for Elders C. E. Monson and William

D. Robertson, who had been laboring on the farm and were now

transferred to another part of the mission. Prayer was offered

by Elder Frank L. Brown, who petitioned the Lord to bless the

elders who had labored with him on the farm, as well as all who had been present at this gathering, that they might carry with them the spirit of the place into their various fields of labor, that they mighty more acceptably work for the glory of God and his cause restored to earth.

Around the automobile as they were gathered to part, they sang the song, "God be with you till we meet again."And thus

closed the happy time experienced at the Joseph Smith Memorial

Farm, at the celebration of Pioneer day, 1913.

SHARON, VERMONT

Forgiveness

My heart was heavy, for its trust had been

Abused, its kindness answered with foul wrong;

So, turning gloomily from my fellowmen,

One summer Sabbath day I strolled among

The green mounds of the village burialplace;

Where, pondering how all human love and hate,

Find one sad level; and how, soon or late,

Wronged and wrongdoer, each with meekened face.

And cold hands folded over a still heart,

Pass the green threshold of our common grave,

Whither all footsteps tend, whence none depart;

Awed for myself, and pitying my race,

Our common sorrow, like a mighty wave,

I forgave Swept all my pride away, and, trembling,

John Greenleaf Whittier.

Voice of the Intangible

I!Y ALBERT R. LYMAN

Chapter XIX—The Way of the Transgressor

The yellow cottonwood leaves of Castle Gulch fluttered in crooked lines to the sand, and assembled in heaps and ridges against cliff and bank before the autumn wind, as Ben and Juan made camp at Greenwater, enroute to Pagahrit. Juan rode his

doubleaction pintos, and sang his everlasting "Chili con came,"with the same everlasting addlepated goodwill and willingness that always made him a good fellow to have around. Something

in his wanton disregard of danger and hard work won its way to

Ben's approbation, and he often found himself gaping with dropped jaw at the humpshouldered, romannosed, figure who made the lashropes sing back and forth as the packs went on and off. Juan's ambidexterity with the diamond hitch amounted

almost to a slightof-hand performance.

So we see that wiry little greaser would work and sweat, and sing smilingly about the came and the lechc con pan, till every man and horse was completly fagged, and thus give strength to the weary and hope to the dying. Ben resolved, if possible, to appropriate this concentrated essence of New Mexico to his own

business, at forty dollars a month, or more if necessary.

"Did you never got to saw nothing of dat Flossy mare no more?"asked Rido, as they sat down to supper at Greenwater.

"I've never seen a sign of her since last fall,"answered Ben.

cudgeling his brain to discover why he had associated her disappearance with old Spy's driedup cackle on the morning of the st impede in the rain.

"I tink some dem speerit swiped her away from us,"philosophized the Mexican, looking up with a halfapologetic face for a superstition which he neverthelessbelieved sincerely.

"I can't prove that you're wrong,"smiled young Rojer. "But

say, as we came up, I saw cowtracks at the pond, and it strikes me they're the bunch that got away from us last spring. We ought

to see 'em."

"What yu say we round 'em up tomorrow"."

It was agreed to ride Horse Canyon the following day, and sunrise, found the two cowboys examining the tracks on its sandhills, and following the direction of the dry waterway northward a

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 129

from Castle Gulch. Cowtracks in the sand may appear old in

an hour, or fresh in three weeks, and five miles north of the gulch, the indications of cattle were as strong as anywhere else. Two

miles farther north all the tracks petered out, and not a cow in sight.

The two riders had crossed the divide between Horse Canyon and a similar canyon leading off to the north. They saw

neither water nor tracks, but a new country into which Ben fancied a white man had never been. It may be that the new country stimulated his curiosity, but certain it is that something led

a side branch ofhim and his Mexican on and on—out through

the canyon into which they had gone, and down another sandy slope to the north.

They may have been eighteen miles from Castle Gulch when they rode out on the "brow of a high, broken cliff. A deep, wide

gulch lay below them, with apparently no trail leading to the bottom. It may have been a branch of what is called Red Canyon,

or it may have found its way independently to the Colorado River.

Whether the gulch was named or nameless, young Rojer resolved to go down into it. He had a vague idea of finding grass

desire to discover some mysterious treasure whichcuriosity—aand water, but greater than that, he felt the ticklish spur ofmight lay unclaimed in the unexplored. What could it be—

cliffhouse, mummies and dishes and plunder? Those things

could be there for all of the superstitious Pahutes. No difference, it was something, and it called to Ben from the rockbound

valley to come down and hunt it out.

They prospected the broken rim in both directions, and began to wonder whether they really did want to go down, when a horse came in sight on the hills below them. That settled it.

They would reach the bottom if they had to go on foot, and slide over their lasso ropes down the first ledge. The rope plan was

unnecessary, for Juan sang his thirsty self into the head of an old Indian trail, and the two horsemen covered its winding length down the rough hillside.

It brought them out a mile below the horse, and having no excuse other than the lone brute to lead them on, they turned promptly up the canyon, coming at once upon a beaten trail and fresh horse tracks. Their raging thirst interpreted the trail to

mean water, so across the gulch and into a cove they followed it, and there by a pool stood the ghost of what used to be a dog.

; he frisked towardsHe halfthreatened and halfwelcomed them

them and then ran growling away.

"By George! that's Spy's dog,"blurted Ben, at the same

time wondering if the dreadful artillery might boom forth from behind some rock. They took barely time to drink and water their

horses before turning enquiringly upon the ghastly little quadru130 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ped, to learn all that his dumb tongue did not hinder him from telling. He had moped half way up a trail on the hillside, and

sat there on his haunches with his woebegone eyes upon them.

Then Rido's black eyes made a discovery: at the top of the

trail, a cave had been transformed into a veritable Robinsun

Crusoe house. Both cowboys dropped the reins and started for

it afoot. The dog still protested uncertainly, till Ben placed a reassuring hand on his withered head, and the two became friends

on the spot. Juan, without thought of being bombarded, bolted

up the trail, leaving his employer to study those sorrowful dog eyes, and listen to the silent, piteous tale of poverty and woe told in the doglanguage learned years ago from old Bowse.

But lightning on a limb! Down that hill, as from a catapult

came Juan Rido, covering no less than ten feet at a step. "El

diablo! El diablo!"he shouted, stampeding Ben and the dog and

the horses all at the same time. Young Rojer wouldn't have

given ten cents for his chances; he felt sure that a projectile would

it didn't.splash through him before he could reach cover—but

That skeleton of a dog stayed devotedly near while he crouched behind a rock, and showed no desire to leave him while he hunted Juan and the horses, and corrected the general disorder of the headlong retreat.

For some time the frightened Rido could do nothing but quake and shake his head saying, "El diablo! El diablo!"However, he consented at length to follow if Ben would lead, and up

that hill they marched, reinforced by the superannuated puppy.

How carefully the leader peeped in, while his wideeyed follower would have bolted at the drop of a hat.

At first young Rojer saw nothing in the dark, windowless room, though a sickening smell oozed out through the rude, axhewn, cedar doorway. With eyes more accustomed to the shade,

he traced the outline of a rude bunk, and on it old Spy, either dead or asleep. The old man was no poorer nor more weazened

than he had been for years past, and the socket of his jaw showed! nono plainer than at other times. But his driedup eyes—Ugh

wonder Juan stampeded; "El diablo"himself could show no more

frightful face to save his tail from the knife.-

The miserable cooking utensils around the wretched old fireplace had been idle a long time, and the precious tubacker lay on a dirty ledge of the wall, covered with dust. No coyote, or

rat, or beast or insect of any kind in that canyon had minced at the old hermit's tobacco, or his tobaccosoaked being. The half

plug and the pickled remains of Charley Spy would dry there unmolested forever.

Whether the old man had suffered or not no one knew, and

Ben had no stomach to touch the greasy old pocketbook on the dead man's breast. It might have told something of Kentucky

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 131

and a life of crime and exile, but the two cowboys bolted for the fresh air, leaving the book and its contents to rot together. They

didn't touch the dreadful sixshooter, peeping from under a more dreadful pillow, nor the cannonWinchester leaning against the wall at the head of the bed. It was a place and a face never to

be lost from mind, and glancing back over his shoulder, as he went down the hill, Ben mused to himself, "The way of the transgressor is hard."

That ghost of a dog, which used to be Mike, followed his newlyfound master out into the canyon and up to the lone horse.

There were three horses: the sorrowful sorrel, now fat and sleek,

a gray mare and Flossy. "By George!"gasped Ben.

"El diablo viejo!"echoed the astonished Rido.

It was late that night when the campfire blazed up at Greenwater, and later still when the pacing mare had been safely hobbled with the other horses, and Mike had eaten his first square meal for a long time.

Since they started for camp with Flossy, late in the afternoon,

Juan had been unusually meditative. When he sat down crosslegged by the fryingpan to help eat the meal, which would have

been supper five hours earlier in the evening, he seemed to have matured his philosophy to the talking point. "How did he got dat

mare away, and don't leave no tracks?"he demanded, point blank.

"Oh, he led her around on the rock,"explained Ben. "Anybody could do that."

But Juan preferred to believe differently, and asked by his incredulous smile, "Didn't I told you it was a speerit?"

The cattle from Horse Canyon came up to the pond early in the morning, and Ben branded two calves and moved his outfit on to Pagahrit that day.

The trip was not intended as a roundup, and the two cowboys made the usual rides, branded the longcared calves, and started home two weeks from the time they reached the lake.

With his liberal rations of beef, Mike became a new dog, and doubly devoted to his new master. Flossy was not new at all, but

the same birdlike conveyance she had ever been, carrying young

Roi'er over the sand with an ease which made riding a keen delight.

While camped at the lake, Ben visited his cave with the same devotion that he would have paid to the old log meetinghouse if he had been at home. He reported to the dry, echoing walls that

lie was nearer alone than ever before; he told them that "his spirit

was willing, but his flesh was desperately weak,"as he found himself nearer to the evil day when a fell shape would appear in the distance. He halted on the rockknolls with a heavy heart, and

listened to the everconstant whispering from the wilds all around.

132 IMPROVEMENT ERA

With a faraway look he sang his homemade song', and dwelt with teardimmed eyes on the line "Watching and waiting, and hoping with fear."

Chapter XX—A HalfBushel of Oats

As Hen and his Mexican returned from that fall ride they passed an Indian camp four miles east of Rincone. Tt presented

no unusual appearance—simply two clusters of wickiups crowning two sandknolls, and a bunch of cayuses standing wearily

near in saddle and bridle. Besides that, a little swarm of papooses

romped with big din on the sand, and what appeared to be a heated game of cards occupied the shady side of one wickiup. The

game seemed to be between Pahutes and Navajos, the latter having probably come over from the reservation for that purpose.

Neither of the returning cowboys took much notice, however, being at the time absorbed in one of Juan's thrilling ghost stories.

Half a mile on to the east, in the bottom of a swale, they discovered an Tndian coming towards them as fast as he could whip.

The same glance which caught sight of him, caught his wild signal to them to stop where they stood till he reached them. On

he came, full drive, a tall, broad man, riding a wiry black mustang and as he sped out of the dimness of distance, behold he was

Jimmy. He thrust forth his sinewy hand with that old salutation

which dates from the race and the wrestle on dayherd at Rincone.

"A Pahute has your mare,"he began hurriedly to explain in his own language. "The Pahute's boy is coming on the mare

from town; the Pahute is running down there along the river to

pass you and tell the boy to hide. You hurry; meet the boy; get

the mare."Navajo may not be literally translated to English, but this is substantially what young Rojer's brother said, and then motioned

Ben to hurry, nor stop to say thanks or anything else.

Flossy carried the boss of the Rojer outfit that afternoon, and when she felt a slack rein and a rattle of spurs, she took the hint and began to leave the trail behind at a dizzy clip. The

anxious father, racing along the river bank, must have fallen hopelessly to the rear, for he made no appearance at all.

Four miles ahead Ben met a youthful Pahute, whom he recognized as one of the smaller fry that used to stand halfclad around the fire at Peavine, seven years before. The boy rode

Alec's mother, a mare which, though good to ride, had been excused from all hard work so long as she raised a valuable colt each year. She had evidently been some time in the service of

the Soorowits family, for her flesh was woefully lean, and a veritable pudding of a sore bloomed on her back.

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 133

To say the sight made Ren Rojer angry would be a very weak statement of facts; but he recalled some features of the

past, nor forgot a dread forecast of the future. With as much

mild firmness as posisble, he put the boy and his butcherknife saddle afoot on the sand; and tieing his lasso around the poor

old mare's neck, waited by the trail for Juan and the packs.

"Where's this mare's colt?"he demanded of the unhorsed

Pahute, but that enterprising descendant of a horsethief had fallen into a profound case of Pahute sulks, and pushed his sullen lips out so far that Ben fairly itched to slap them back into place

No doubt he would have done it, presto, but for a boding and whispering which held him constantly back. The colt, like his

illfated brother, a promising bay, was likely being jostled and starved about with the sickly snarl of sorebacked cayuses dragged along with the Soorowits camp.

The men of the town regarded Ben's old mare with scowlsof honest protest, but no one seemed at all eager to make trouble for Soorowits, nor to take anv action which would possiblv incur his testy displeasure. He might easily have fled to Pagahrit, Navajo Mountain, or some other safe retreat, and he probably would

have gone without delay, but for the winkerless wench who told him what to do and when to refrain.

This winkerless woman brought him to town next morning.

and stimulated him to take the mare from the stable. He tried

it, but at the door he met voung Rojer looking the stern sentiment which needed no further expression. Next he repaired to

the village store and breathed out wicked threats, among other things declaring that Ben would disappear from the earth if the animal in question were not returned to him at once.

When he had gone cursing and fuming to camp, the wise men of the town began to recognize the case as a matter not to be winked at, for all of the peace policy to which they adhered.

After having Ben swear out a complaint they hunted up a deputy sheriff', and providing themselves with firearms, followed the storming redman to his wickiup.

When they came up, Mrs. Soorowits looked slowly and hissingly around, exactly like a snake getting ready to strike. Her

winkerless eyes rested spitefully on the posse in general and each one in particular, but at Ben she looked all the venom of the whole serpent family.

The deputy sheriff had planned for part of the men to stand guard outside, while the others crowded into the frail house where, bv quick action and main force, he hoped to land his man without firing a gun.

Six wickiups made up the camp. Buhhre smilingly occupied

one of them, for he had made two or three matrimonial ventures, but always with the understanding that the bride was only a pro134 IMPROVEMENT ERA

she must be discarded the moment she became disbationer—that

obedient or offensive to Lady Soorowits.

The deputy sheriff's plans carried famously. No sooner did

the longnailed female fingers grip a Winchester than someone wrested it violently from them; and the sullen form of Soorowits

went to earth rather ungracefully under three husky boys who forced his wrists together and clicked the handcuffs.

The snakeeyed lady fairly foamed at the mouth, and boiled over with poison. She cursed in Pahute and Navajo, she cursed

in Mexican and English; she writhed and twisted and kicked, and

finally succeeded in settling three of her infected claws in the back of a young fellow's hand. Her two children ran howling

away like the terrified whelps of a fighting tigress.

Tf there is such a thing as a female satan, she must have found satisfactory expression in the Pahute gorgon who went perforce with the deputy sheriff's posse and Soorowits to town.

Buhhre followed smilingly after them, carrying a Colt's.45

and a rifle of big bore. He was accompanied by four other bucks,

all of them as well armed but for the smiles.

On the frontier it often happens that no one knows how to give the machinery of law a proper or sufficient start, to make it grind the varied offenses which turn ripe for grinding. The

lack of this very knowledge made Soorowits wait two days for a preliminary hearing, during all of which time he fretted under a close guard in town; but his morbific consort, being released,

spent the time plotting in the hills and among the willows, with his anarchistic followers.

At length the prosecuting attorney sent word that he could not be present, but that the county would pay Ben to prosecute the case in the justice's court. This suggested to young Rojer a

brilliant idea: Trouble with Soorowits had been foreshadowed

that it might be avoided; it could be avoided by prosecuting the

old Pahute to the full extent of the law, and placing him safely under lock and key.

Ben Rojer had never followed a track nor a clue with more scowlfaced determination than that with which he dug into the laws of Utah, in the few hours yet remaining before the opening of court. He arranged his evidence with all possible care, and

nnveled himself up to the task like a teamster flogs his lazy horse a halfmile before the steep hill comes in sight.

The justice held court in a schoolhouse. The place was

jammed full. Many black eyes looked curiously out of dusky

faces—Pahute and Navajo faces. Also the men and boys of the

town turned out en masse. In the center of a bench, counsel mi

one side and guard on the other, sat Soorowits, looking daggers and hatchets at the whole proceeding. Buhhre stood bv the wall.

VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 135

heavily armed, and exactly the thingShakespeare would call a "smiling damned villain."The snakeeyed snorter slid in along

the bench, as near to her devoted husband as she dared to go, and took a frowning scrutiny of every white man present, all the time digging and scratching absentmindedly in her snaky hair.

If an old swillbarrel ever looked more sour or a slimy salamander more repulsive, young Rojer had failed to appreciate it.

During the taking of evidence, Soorowits'vengeful look followed Ben through every move. And then, in the summary of it

all, when the cowboy lawyer talked with all the fervor which the love of peace and safety inspires, those three pairs of black eyes passed awful judgment upon him. He felt them fairly growl their

hatred from under their brows, though one of them still smiled.

When the justice stood up in front of that blackboard, and spreading his written decision out on a school desk before him, bound the case over to appear in the district court, Ben heaved a great sigh of relief. He felt fully paid for his trouble, even if the

county had forever forgotten the halfbushel of oats which, for this service, it bestowed upon him three months later.

The deputy sheriff's intentions were no doubt good, but he slouched through business with the ease and grace of an old shoe turned over at the heel. Instead of hustling his dusky prisoner to a cage, he left him in care of first one and then another,

till at length he became the charge of a man who wore slippers.

a linen collar and a gold ring.

He of the collar and the ring had a pistol of small calibre, and when he became the brave custodian of the Pahute offender, he put his popgun in his upper vest pocket. Soorowits silently

took stock of the pretty toy, and apprised his plotting household.

It was easy to wheedle those slippered feet into a race—easy

to insist that the inaction of being closely guarded had become tiresome in the extreme, and when that race came off, after ten seconds of discussion, the man of the hills found no trouble in leaving his goldringed competitor far behind in the road.

Even at this ridiculous stage of the performance the man with the collar suspicioned nothing till a blackhaired horseman darted out of the willows, and bore the prisoner away behind him.

Then the goldwearing guard became stern and bold, and fired three shots in the direction of the doublyloaded cayuse. In spite

of those shots the cayuse disappeared in the edge of the willows, from which arose a muffled shout of exultation.

The three armed horsemen who followed in hot pursuit as soon as the alarm was given, came back without one glimpse of the fleeing outlaw. Two days later a Pahute brought word that

lay in a critical one of the shots had taken effect—that Soorowits

condition at a certain place in the rocks, but no one believed it.

Even if the peashooter had really bounced one of its pellets 136 [MPROVEMENT ERA

against the escaping horsethief, he was too busy to notice it, and had no way of finding it out afterwards

No one took this slovenly piece of business so much to heart as did Ben Rojer. Some folks even insisted that the escape was

exactly it they would be shut of further trouble; right—that by

and further trouble would be unnecessary, since Soorowits had seen enough severity to frighten him into a more righteous life.

To Ben, however, it was exactly wrong, an unjustifiable

doubt come to him with bloodthirsty—ablunder.shape Itwhichhad thewouldappearanceno of a dreaded shape in the distance

vengeance.

He supplied himself with a saddlegun and a good revolver, but somehow they failed to hang right, and gave more trouble than comfort from the very first. He couldn't adjust the rifle

satisfactorily under his knee, and the belt with its weighted scabbard dangled always in the way like a firstclass nuisance. Besides that, they were, in some strange way, a contradiction to the

Ben Rojer of Pagahrit Cave. Still, he clung to them as a necessary evil, and hoped and feared for the meeting with the distant

shape (to be continued)

Plates of the Tuckabatches.—The Era has been handed a clipping,

from the Talilcquah Democrat, by Mr. Lorenzo D. Creel, special agent

for scattered bands of Indians in Utah. The clipping reads as follows:

"When the Creek or Muskogee Indians adopted into their tribe the remnants of other tribes which were nearly extinct, many superstitions were found among them. One of these tribes was the Tuckabatches.

The legends of the Creeks state that the Tuckabatches brought with them seven plates, the origin and object of which have puzzled scientific men for centuries. The Tuckabatches claim that these plates

were given them by their ancestors. They were not to be handled by

all persons—only by particular men, and those chosen by the chief or

Micco of the tribe. Five of the plates were of copper and two of brass.

The copper plates were about 18 inches long and seven inches wide;

the brass ones being round and 18 inches in diameter, having two characters on them similar to the letters A and E connected. The plate>

were kept buried under the house of the chief and are believed to be still in existence. The superstitions of the Tuckabatches became a fixed

ceremony of a large part of the Creek tribe. Many of the Creeks, who

are descendants of those who were never reconciled to the admission of the Tuckabatches, always had a superstitious dread of the brass plates, and this dread took the form of a belief that contact with them meant death or disaster—and that aboriginal belief has not wholly departed."

Zion Cannot be Defiled

BY DR. GEORGE II. BRIMHALL, PRESIDENT OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG

UNIVERSITY, PROVO

I am full of gratitude for the blessings that have come to me from my fathers and my mothers, both in heaven and on earth.

I feel as I nearly always feel in the presence of an assembly of my brethren and sisters, that I need. their faith and prayers; and

if I get these I shall not have any occasion to ask for your attention. You have not come up here to hear me. You have come

up here to hear the word of the Lord, and if I have been called by his authority to be the instrument, feeble and unworthy as I am, why, the Lord will be praised for anything that I may say, and it will depend upon him and you.

In the remarks made at the opening of this conference, by

President Joseph F. Smith, I was led to reflect, and I felt very

keenly, that he was actuated by a spirit of boldness and courage that came from his calling, reinforced by our Father. He did

not ask what the people wanted to hear. He did not ask what

would increase his good favor among this people. He evidently

had but one thought, and it was akin to that which inspired the

Prophet Brigham when the question came up as to who was to lead the Church, and he remarked: "I do not care who leads this

Church, even if it is Ann Lee; but what I want to know is what

the Lord has to say about this."And our President has but one

consideration. What is the will of the Lord concerning this people?

And he has given us the will of the Lord. There is a passage of

scripture in one of the revelations, wherein the Lord said that, "If ye suffer evil to come into this house, (speaking of the Temple) I will reject it."Now some evil person might have come

into that house, some apostate, some enemy. Our great Temple

here has been invaded by evil persons getting in there and getting pictures, thieves as they were; but it was not suffered. You did

not consent to it; I did not consent to it; the authorities did not

consent to it. Hence, it could not be said that we suffered these

things.

President Smith could not suffer anything in Zion of a nature

*A fifteenminute inspiring talk at one of the overflow meetings in the Assembly Hall, at the late October conference.

138 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that would pollute her. We sang here today, "Let the mountains

shout for joy;"and when that hymn was being sung- I thought of

a circumstance of but a little over a year ago, when sixtyfive eminent scientists from all over the world passed through our country. T had the privilege of riding in a car with one of them

across Provo bench. T had a returned missionary by my side, one

of my sons; and we had a German, an Italian, and a Russian in

the car. And the German asked the boy where he got his German.

He was told he got it in a "Mormon"school and on a mission in

Germany. He said, "I thought you were a Germanborn."

Then he looked all around, and I undertook to explain to him something about the nature of our people.

"Oh!"he said, "don't talk. Professor,.the mountains shout

for your people. Sec the canal there, that they have made; the

ground echoes the thoughts and character of your people. See

the orchards, see the harvests, the fields; look at your buildings

that cry out what you are. These are the echoes of the character

of your people. It all speaks for you, and it gives the lie to all

that has been said about you as a bad people."

I thought in my soul, verily the prophecy is being fulfiled which said that the mountains should melt away. I believe in the

literal melting away of the mountains of ice at the coming of the

Ten Tribes from the North; but I believe also it may have a

figurative meaning—mountains of prejudice melting away before

this people! I believe what the young missionary said when the

minister said to him, "Why, you have Moses and the Prophets why not listen to them?"He turned and said to him, "I would

have you understand that Wilford Woodruff, in his place, is as great a prophet as Moses ever dared to be."I believe that about

President Woodruff. I believed that when I heard him say,

during the time we were dedicating the great Salt Lake Temple, that "from this time on this people will begin to prevail among the nations of the earth."

We, through the action of our fathers and our mothers, had prevailed against the desert. We had prevailed against persecution. We had prevailed against the insidious inroads of vice, and

we had produced a community of which God could say, through his Prophet, when our glorious Temple was finished, "they shall now prevail against the prejudices of the world."

Have we done it? You think where we stood politically.

You think where we stood financially. You think where we stood

educationally, at the time that prophecy was made; and then think

of where we are now Why, through our proselyting we are now confronted with ministers congregating and crying out, "We are powerless. Some

laws must be enacted against these 'Mormon'elders."Is that

ZION CANNOT BE DEFILED 139

prevailing? What am I bold to bear testimony about today?

The Latterday Saints have been branded as an ignorant people.

What is the condition today? You ask the college presidents of

this and other nations. Who would have said, who would have

dared to say, ten years ago, that one of the greatest institutions in the United States has sent to the Brigham Young University and petitioned one of its "Mormon"boy professors, upon whom they had conferred a. doctor's degree, to come back to Chicago and

occupy a professor's chair, and have his assistant there?

And when our boys go out, they observe something that makes us think. One returned a few weeks ago. He said, "We

are the watchword; we are on the map educationally."It was

said of him: "You are from the Brigham Young?""Yes."Of

another it was said, "You are from the B. Y. C?"and so on, and,

"We know something about that."Brethren and sisters, we are

prevailing.

Why are we prevailing, in Zion? We are prevailing because

we have refused to let Zion be defiled. That is why we are prevailing. Zion cannot be defiled, because the Prophet of God will

never consent, and there never will be, there never has been, and there never will be, an official assent to the inroad of any iniquity among this people: and as long as there is always an official

phalanx standing up and refusing official sanction to the admittance of any evil in this Church, then Zion, the organization that

God has established, cannot be defiled. "Individuals may be defiled,"as Brother Maeser used to say, but yet the Lord has said

that this kingdom shall never fall; but he has never said that I

shall never fall.

There is Zion, the pure in heart. That is an element. There

is Zion, this continent. There is Zion, the organization of the

Church of God. Zion is glorious. Zion is the bride of Christ.

Zion is that which we should defend. She is a ship of eternal

state, and I am so glad, so happy, to be a part of that great thing called Zion. I never was made happier in my life than when I

saw an action taken by a student body, and it was manifest the next morning on their countenances, that "The use of tobacco on this campus is forbidden by order of the Board of Control."

What does that mean? That is a part of Zion, refusing to be

defiled, and our President yesterday made the correct stand, to refuse to let Zion be defiled.

What is mv mission? To go to my place, back to the Brigham Young University, and sav to our force of teachers, we shall

refuse anvthing to come into this school that would defile Zion.

What is mv honest dutv next? To go to my own home, and do

the same thing. To the bishops and the presidents of stakes I

have nothing to say. They know they are the most responsible

I4() MI'KDVI'MENT ERA

men in the Church under the general authorities. I know what

is to be done. I know that if nothing had been done in this conference but to listen to the word of the Lord yesterday, Israel

would be well repaid. God bless,you. Amen.

KONTCSBFKO CHOrR, GERMANY

The above portrait represents the Konigsberg Choir, Germany.

Much progress is being made in that branch. The Sunday school over

which Elder McLoyd Lauritzen is superintendent is especially prosperous. The people are anxious for the truth, but sectarian jealousy

has caused considerable trouble with the police.

An elders convention was held at Deseret, No. 152 High Road,

South Tottenham, London N., England, September 9 and 10, 1913.

There were present Presidents E. Taft Benson of the European Mission, Hyrum W. Valentine of the SwissGerman Mission, Edgar B.

Brossard of the French Mission, Thomas C. Hair of the Netherlands

Mission, Theodore Tobiason, enroute for Sweden to take up his duties as president of that mission; Fred R. Woolley, emigration clerk for the

European Mission, Orville W. Adams, secretary of the European Mission, four lady missionaries and approximately two hundred fifty traveling elders of the British Mission. A profitable two days'session

was held in which important instructions were given to the assembled elders.

To Him who Strives

BY JOSEPHINE SPENCER

"Goingto Stanford next year, Jack?"

"Stanford? job. It's been Gee—no! I'm going to hunt a

hard enough working my way so far; I can't afford anything

as giltedged as a college course."

Afton Gray's dark eyes filled suddenly with tears. "I forgot, Jack,"she said, simply. But the apology did not ease her

conscience. Think of her forgetting the trouble that had left her

within a year'sschool comrade without home, or hometies—and

of both parents,time! She had heard the story often—the death

effort to meet his reverses and maketheirs—andand loss of Jack'severy pluckyshred of the big estate that had once been

good with the world.

"I hope the job will be a good one, Jack,"she said, "and not too far off. We have had some great times together, now

I think of the school grades."it—all through

Jack's face, grown dark with memory of his problems, suddenly lightened.

"Your face was the first I noticed among the kids in my first grade, and we've managed not to let one another get ahead since,"he said.

They laughed, and then Jack said soberly, "I can't tell where the big lifegrind will be. I've been trying all year to find something so I could have my start ready when school ended, but

it's thin pickings, just now. I can get back into the little town

know I worked there last vacation, but there isgrocery—younothing in it for a real start; just salary enough to keep one fed

I'veand clothed, according to law—and no mindwork whatever.

everything's tied up. That's the case intried for a teacher—but

applications for every clerkship. I confessthe city—a hundred

neither of those livelihoods appeal to me thrillingly; I've always

had a nipping want to be outdoors. It's going to be the open

for me—if I can get it, and keep it."

"Have you thought of anything definite?"

"Yes; but definite thinking, and definite choosing, are different things, unless you have money X)r a pull to back your best

wish. I'd like orangefarming, but the summer I tried out for

that as just a laborer, left me few illusions as to getting ahead of the bare living. The owner has a big chance and has it all.

142 IMPROVEMENT ERA

You may not believe it—but I've tried one or two things in the

way of a living since I've Alton's hand went out impulsively. "I know—Jack—

it's splendid!"heard about it—and

Jack flushed. "I don't think T have any calcium halo coming to me for what I've done."he laughed. "A fellow has to

face his problems, that's all."

'I have a strong idea you will fight all yours out of existence."smiled Afton.

"'Fight'is going to be an apt word, perhaps,"said Jack, smiling too; "that is, if I carry out what I'm considering now."

"Is it a secret?"

"Not at all. I've a friend, an old homemate of mine, who

has been following the sea. He chose it in preference to the

says it beats anythingcollege chance his father offered him—andon earth. He's on one of Uncle Sam's warships now—and promises to get me a place there, too, if I want it."

"Rut—""Oh, there will be difficulties, of course, but his father has a pull, you see: that's how Ned came to get in without any special trouble."

"But the sea—that means—

"It means experience, discipline, travel, education in a hundred ways that I could never get behind a counter or on a farm. It means outdoor action, of some sort, always—and

then. too. though, of course, always remotely, the chance of fighting for your country."

"It sounds splendid,"said Afton, hesitatingly, "but then it means, too, that you have no country in a way—no home. Your

country is the ocean, your home a ship's deck."

"There isn't so much for me on land in either of those things to make it much different,"said Jack.

Afton blushed. Would she never stop blundering into that

subject? "You've got friends. Jack, anyway,"she made haste to say.

"Don't forget, wherever you may be, that we've always been good comrades, and that I and mother and the folks will always be glad to see you. That's what I looked you up for now. We

want you to come and spend what time you can at the Beach.

There's a half dozen of the school bunch coming down next week.

The boys are going to take tents, and a few of us who have homes there are going to house the girls. You must come for a final

swim before you go away."

Jack held out his hand. "Wouldn't miss it for a prizefight,

Comrade. Besides, it's just the place to think over Ned's offer.

1 get all sorts of good tips from the ocean, and I seem to see all my big problems clearer when I'm living out doors."

TO HIM WHO STRIVES 143

Jack went with Afton down to the big Pacific Electric station, and waited until the beach train glided into the runway, then took her through the gate and put her into her seat. They

shook hands in true comrade style, and parted with a renewal of Jack's promise for next week. There was no sentiment between them of a truly tender too young, and the sort—they were

sense of mere school comradeship too strong. Afton's fine, frank

character made her popular with both her feminine and masculine friends, and there had been no one among the latter who had been singled out, even unconsciously in her mind. Jack was a fine

all. Jack's owrfellow, and she liked him immensely—that was

mental attitude on the question was nearly the same, with perhaps a little keener sense of appreciation for her genuine friendship, which to a young person without kindred, must necessarily stand for much.

The next week found the party of school friends at the Beach, enjoying everything that came to them in the way of pleasure.

The chief thing, of course, was the sea surf, where they spent as besides this, of course,many hours as possible each day—and

were the excursions by land and water, the boat rides to the variour near points in the pleasure steamers, and numberless rowing parties, especially by moonlight, when the party formed a fleet of four or five of the big boats, and spent the early evening, when the tide was low, in fine rides up and down the big harbor formed by the breakwater.

Passengers on the bigger boats listened many an evening to the clear, young voices ringing out across the water in school glees, and the catchy, popular songs which their good lungs sent far out into the distance.

More interesting to Jack than anything else were the frequent flights of the birdmen, who often passed and repassed on their way to and from their meets at Monterey and San Diego.

Jack's love for the open was almost a passion, and the air flights seemed to him the apex of all that was alluring and fine and free. One early morning in his tent at the sea, he was aroused

by a great whirring above, and rushing out with the others saw an aeroplane gracefully sweeping across the near bay, not a hundred yards away. Jack envied with his whole heart the man in

the little craft; a great yearning surged in him to feel the rush of

the cool air around him high above the earth, and see th blue sea stretching under him like a field of turquoise. The aviator

was billed for a local display that afternoon, and Jack and the others of the party were among the great throng gathered at the beach to see the near ascent. The aeroplane was stationed at the

extreme edge of the sand, a hundred yards from the pier, and Jack, slipping away from the others, managed to get close to the airman as he made ready for his flight. To his surprise he recog144 [MPR0VEMEN1 ERA

nized Hanly Brown, who had spent two years as an employe on his father's orange grove before the crash came that had taken everything from them. Jack's breath came fast. He edged nearer.

"] lu'llo, Han!"he said, in the manner of old times.

Hanly turned, and came forward with outstretched hands.

".If it isn't Bub Everly! Where have you been, youngster?

I've thought of you a lot—and tried to locate you several times."

"You can make me believe that was hard work,"said Jack.

"I've been so many different places since I saw you, I've had to hire a detective to keep track of myself."

"Been good to yourself, I hope?"asked Hanly with genuine

interest. "Good is a tame word,"laughed Jack.

do "I've been wishing you'd let me hear from you—and

something for you—if you need it,"said Hanly. "It's going to

take a lifetime to make me forget the way I was treated at your place.""You're not in my debt,"smiled Jack. "But there's something you can do for me that will put me deep in yours. It's right

now, today,"he went on, as Hanly looked at him inquiringly. "I

it's wild for it—andwant to go up in the machine with you—I'm

my one possible chance."

Hanly's face fell. "I thought there was nothing I could refuse you,"he said. "But I don't need to tell you the risks, and

that I wouldn't care to repay my debt of gratitude by chancing your life in a flight. We're never sure, you know,"he said.

"Neither are we earthbirds,"laughed Jack. "Bad things

I'll never rest until I try airhappen below as well as above—and

travel. It will be with you, or the next fellow that will take me."

Hanly recognized the certain note in Jack's voice.

"I wish you'd let me off,"he said, with a last effort against

Jack's risk.

"I'd rather go with you than anyone else,''said Jack, eagerly.

Hanly pointed to the machine. "Hop in,"he said, "I'm ready

to start."As the two climbed into the aeroplane, a big murmur of exfor a closer citement sounded from the throng—which surged

view of the daring young passenger. As the craft skimmed upward, Jack caught a glimpse of Afton Gray's pale face upturned

in vain demur—then everything below was forgotten. Jack's

sense, at first, was not of rising, but that things were tumbling away from him, pellmell. Then came the splendid sense of soargetting away from all known and all. It ing—of things—planet

flashed upon Jack with wonderful sensation that for the first time he was detached from the big globe which men call earth—from

the shackles of that great law which keeps mankind chained to its it rolls them through unimaginable space. He surface-—while

TO HIM WHO STRIVES 145

was in that deep blue atmosphere which had hung alluringly above him all his life, breathing its pure essence, free from murk or choking air rushing gloriously past him with earthscents—the

free, unhindered sweep.

just then the He would have shouted in his exhilaration—but

machine took a sudden dip. He saw Hanly lean forward quickly,

his face pale and anxious. The craft righted from its perilous

position but still settled downward. Hanly did not speak, and

Jack, breathless, watched his efforts to bring the machine back to its horizontal course. It had fallen rapidly, and Jack could hear

the frightened cries from the crowd below, sounding like a mighty, solemn chord. Then, suddenly the quick fall slackened,

the machine became for a moment almost motionless, then shot his trouble wasstraight ahead. Jack heaved a sigh of relief—but

not over. Hanly was managing the machine adroitly, but their

flight had taken them far from shore, and though they were now descending more gradually, it was certain the aeroplane would alight far from land. The only boats visible were those about

the long pier, and Hanly guided towards these, hoping that his flight might come within distance of possible help. Now and then,

in their rapid course, Jack felt the sudden drop of the craft, telling that something was wrong, and that only good luck and

Hanly's clever driving had kept them, so far, from death. Nearer

and nearer they sped. Jack could distinguish the gasoline launches

from the big blur around the long pier. These were moving—two

or three of course guided evidently by that of the them—their

aeroplane. Suddenly, Jack held his breath. There was a great

jerk, then a sheer fall downward, and in an instant they were in the water. Following Hanly's quick command, Jack jumped clear

of the craft, and after a deep plunge, came up gasping, to see

Hanly striving vainly to extricate himself from the machine.

Nearly submerged, lurching with the big sea roll, and driving here and there by the waning force of its own propeller, it seemed a veritable floating trap, from which Hanly, his head only now and then visible, seemed helpless to extricate himself.

Jack swam to him, and clutching the bobbing plane, tried to get Hanly from underneath. Twice, in seeking to drag the aviator from underneath, Jack went clown, and only his skill at swimming kept him from drowning. When he came up the second

time, he could see nothing of his companion. A great fear came

to him. Waiting only for breath, he dove under again, and this

time saw Hanly far down, floating free of the machine. He managed to grasp him, and get to the surface, but his work seemed

too late. Hanly was unconscious, and Jack, trying to keep him

afloat, realized that only outside aid could help either of them from their peril.

of a lifeboat, and two of the It was coming—in the shape

Ill, IMPROVEMENT ERA

smaller stealers, which were pulling. quickly toward them. Jack

did not 'lire grasp at the r611ing aircraft for support, and his own strength, wellnigh spent, hardly kept Hanly's head above water. ( >ne of the steamers chugged alongside just as Jack's grasp relaxed, and while deft hands dragged Hanly on board, one of the lifeguards from the rowboat which reached the spot almost at the same time, dove into the green depths and brought Jack's exhausted body to the surface. The boy revived in a few moments

Ilanly, when they reached theunder their expert aid—hut poor

shore, was still unconscious. An ambulance bore him rapidly away

to the hospital, leaving Jack to tell the story of the flight to a horde of hungry newspaper men and others who swarmed about him on the beach. In a few moments his classmates managed to

push through the crowd, and rushed their comrade off to his tent for dry clothing. He had no sooner donned this than a message

came from Afton Gray, telling him that her mother insisted on his coming to their house for the night. Her mother's quick

wit had guessed the allnight session which awaited him from curious folk, and suggested a possible way of saving Jack from its infliction.

only for a quick Jack gratefully accepted the rescue—waiting

run to the hospital in a friend's auto, to learn of Hanly's condition. To his relief, the report was favorable, and the rest of Jack's

evening was spent in comparative comfort, only the girls and boys of the school "bunch"being admitted to Afton's home.

They all left early, with the exception of Jed Davis, who, as

Jack's chum, shared in the invitation to spend the night. In the

spare room placed at their disposal the two boys passed a wakeful two hours. Jack, restless from his exciting day, and Jed, after long,

loyal, selfrepression, morbidly eager to hear, to the last detail,

Jack's thrilling adventure.

Both slept restfully at last, however, and morning found Jack as well as if no peril had threatened, and no death had reached short arms for him so little a time before. His early call at the

hospital found the birdman sitting up in bed, eager to see his daring young companion.

''You may believe me or turn it down, as you like,"said

Hanly, "but if you hadn't won out all right from that flight, I'd never have put up another one again as long as I live."

"You mean to say you're going to try it over?"asked Jack.

"I'm due for the Monterey meet on Monday,"said Hanly.

Jack looked at him in genuine admiration. "That beats facing the cannon's mouth,"he said. "I thought yesterday would

take it all out of you."

"I hope it has done that for you,"exclaimed Hanly, earnestly.

TO HIM WHO STRIVES 147

"I'm not sorry I have had the experience, now it's well over but I shan't want to try it again in a science lifetime—unless

achieves the riskless airship,"smiled Jack.

"It's good to hear you say it,"said Hanly, "and it's how your father would feel, too. What'are your plans, anyway, youngster?

I saw a great deal ofDon't want to pry, you understand—but

your growing up, and I'd like to know how you pull through."

"I've been lucky enough to get a chance at a berth oh a manof-war."

Hanly laughed. "I might have known it would be something

like that,"he said. "When do you go?"

"In a fortnight."

"From what port?"

"Right here. I expected to sign at San Francisco, but my

ship is due here with a fleet of five others on their way to San

Diego.""How long do you sign for?"

"For two years—as a tryout. After that—I don't know."

if I "Let me know when you come back, if you do—andam—"He stopped expressively.

"If you are alive,"said Jack, soberly, "I'll hunt you up."

At the Grays'invitation, Jack and his chum spent the weekend at the house, and in spite of Jack's previous enjoyment of his seaside tent, the experience brought him a pleasure which he had not known for several years. It was, in fact, the first taste of

home life he had had in that time, and roused keen memories of the cheery home so suddenly broken up. Down under all his real

stoicism lay a deep tenderness for the ties which every true man feels, however adventurous his spirit, and this short renewal of past joys made lasting impression in Jack's memory.

Alton's two girl guests were jolly creatures who helped to make the houseparty a merry one, the experience being altogether the most delightful Jack had spent in years.

The next week was a momentous one for him. It brought

the little fleet of war vessels with which came the Lincoln, for whose service he was to sign. Jack's decision had come to him in

the first week of his stay at the Beach—the ocean luring him, as

it had always done; and the experience promising to discount all

the tamer chances which awaited his choosing.

The fleet arrived at night, and it was a stirring sight to Jack when the dark shapes, one by one, rounded the big breakwater, and threw their searchlights across the harbor. The mere sight

of a battleship to Jack stood for thrilling things, and now the long, white rays searching the dark bay, seemed like arms held out to shapeswelcome him. At dawn, too, when they lay—long, low

ships held someon the blue sea at the harbor's outer edge—the

thing like a kindred sense which sent new thrills to Jack's heart.

I4X IMPROVEMENT ERA

At noon his own ship, the Lincoln, steamed up within a mile of the pier, and the small I oats and launches brought the officers and men swarming ashore. Ned was among the first to land, and

-rasped Jack's hand with a bonesplitting squeeze.

"It's great to think you're going to be with us, old fellow,"he exclaimed. "It's great to have the chance,"said Jack.

Jack was not to sign until the day of departure, so that the gay week that followed was free from restraint. Jack was back

in his seaside tent, and Ned, who put up at the big beach hotel, shared Jack's quarters for a night or two, afterward insisting on his friend's staying with him at the famous hostlery. Here he

met Leon Hademy, a wealthy young SpanishCuban, whom he was afterward to remember for many reasons.

The first began in the big ball at the hotel, given in honor of the officers of the war fleet, at which Afton Gray was introduced to the handsome young foreigner, a simple enough event in Jack's eyes just then, but leading to things which were to be far from inconsequential afterward. He noted particularly, indeed, as who

decided impression made by Afton on the stranger,did not?—the

as witnessed by the number of waltzes on her dancingcard which stood opposite his name; but the fact brought no ire to Tack's

heart, outside that of a rather intense disappointment in not being able to dance oftener himself with the best waltzer in town, and "dandy"hostess besides, who had brought back to him a longlost flavor of home. He told Afton so, and she laughed with him in

her own cheery way.

"I don't know how he came by so many dances,"she said.

"I told him I had to save some for all the class boys, at least, and thought their names were all down long ago. However, the handsome Hademy appears and claims every other I don't know one—

how. Must be legerdemain of some kind."

The next evening was Jack's last on shore, and he spent it all his warm welcome and farewell at partat the Gray home—where

a weakness to his heart and eyes which Jack felting—brought

was not unmanly to indulge. The handshaking next morning

at the pier was not half so hard, though all Jack's friends and schoolmates for years past had gathered to see him off. It was

Afton's face which remained distinct longer in the crowd when distance blurred outlines, as the boat sped outward to the Lincoln as it had when he went skyward in the perilous air flight, and Jack sensed, in a dim way—he could not have explained why—that he

was glad her face was the last he saw on launching into his new life.

Strenuous as were the weeks following, with their new duties, and strange, hard discipline, they were wonderful ones to Jack.

Their stay at San Diego gave him time to get partly accustomed '149 TO HIM WHO STRIVES

to requirements, the drill work coming much easier because of

Ned's former coaching, both by way of verbal and written lessons.

When the fleet reached San Francisco, Jack was quite at ease in his ship's work, and hailed with joy the news that the

Lincoln's next orders were for the Orient. Then came the wonderful experience he had longed for, the sight of strange lands,

with their stranger people and customs; ports famous in history,

ancient and modern; peoples whose origin was linked with earth's

earliest known records, and scenes rife with incidents that had thrilled him in days when he had conned their story in schoolbook, and map. Luck, fate, or Providence seemed to favor the

boy's wildest desires, for with Hawaii, the Philippines, Japan and China visited, there came news that they were to sail to Australia, and thence to South America. All these places held their

interesting personal incidents, and even adventures sometimes, for the absorbed and absorbing youth, and when Time's dial recorded an even year passed since his venture into the new life,

Jack could hardly believe that so much could have been experienced in the short twelvemonths. The next year took him to

even further shores. Mexico's Gulf and the Mediterranean's

indigo waves lapped the Lincoln's prow, and Italy, Egypt and

Syria's wonderlands were viewed by her eager crew, with plenty of time to absorb the treasures of art and architecture, the peoples and customs.

It was when they were bound for the long voyage home, and night and day passed again and again, with nothing to break the monotony of sea and sky, that it all began to pall. Often during

the journey, Afton Gray's words came back to him, "You have really no country but the ocean, no home but a ship's deck."It

was true of himself, at least. Most of the men aboard, probably

to which they were returning. Mothersall of them—had homes

or wives or sweethearts waited their coming with eager hearts. It

came to him with almost sickening force at times that there was no one who waited to welcome him from the long absence from home shores. He thought often of his last days there, the delightful week spent in homefashion at the Grays'; but there was

not even that, now. Afton he had not heard from for a year

past. She had answerd his friendly letters up to that time, then

her own had ceased. Often in the long nights he found himself

thinking of her, the fine, frank brown eyes that had met his own all through their long comradeship.in genuine liking—expressed

The finest girl he had ever seen, he began to realize now. Her

ideas of life, too, were all right. When he had told her of his

final decision as to the Lincoln, she had pictured it all out final ennui of a life spentthings that then he could not see—thein a round of routine work, with no goal but a possible promoISO IMPROVEMENT ERA

lion in rank, with no actual thing done in the way of adding to the sum of human good, knowledge or achievement. It had been

infinitely better, v so far, than the other things which had been open to his choice, at that time. All that he had gained in education and knowledge since would help him in his development

more by far than his previous tame experiences. But there were

big things to be done ashore that could hardly be balanced in his present life, unless Fate, indeed, might bring one a chance to risk something in actual warfare for one's country. The land,

with its wonderful promise; citizenship, with its untold opportunities of service, great as those of actual battle; and other things

that came into one's life. The thought brought back a strange

little thrill again, that had begun to unsettle him with every remembrance of Afton. She was worth more than credits for perfect drill work, or advancing rank in a ship's list of officers, or

even fame won in a country's cause

The idea came so suddenly that Jack was startled; and yet it

must always have been down deep in his heart, he told himself.

Only a chump could know a girl of her calibre and not see at she was the only girlonce—that

He spent many a wakeful night after The that—planning.Lincoln was bound for a two week's stay at San Diego. That

would give him time to run down to the old find out place—and

things. He had still two months to consider resigning for service. If everything went well—-with Afton—and fate favored

him with half a chance at livelihood on shore, he would elect to stay with the land!

lie had expected the Lincoln to remain at San Diego, but to his joy the ship stayed only two days there, then went north, bound for San Francisco, with a few days'stay on the way in the quiet home harbor.

They turned into it at sunset, but it was eight o'clock before Jack managed to get ashore. He went straight to the Gray

home, and knocked at the door with a strange feeling in his heart. Afton herself answered, and greeted him with unmistakable pleasure, as did her mother. There was a brief, fifteen

minutes of genuine, hearty reunion—which passed, however, when

a second knock sounded without. Jack had to prod memory for

identification of the partially familiar face of the guest who entered, but it came to him presently as that of Ned's acquaintance whom he had met before his departure at the big Beach Hotel.

The puzzling thing that remained was the change in Alton's manner. It was that of a sudden tension, a restraint, and even

coldness taking the place of the old frankness of a moment before.

Mrs. Gray, too, seemed to reflect it, and presently Tack guessed

its meaning, told in Hademy's conscious air of proprietorship and assured ease.

TO HIM WHO STRIVES 151

unThis grew, momentarily, into something aggressive—an

expressed but intense sense of dislike for Jack's presence. Offensively cool, he managed to convey in tone and manner a contemptuous indifference for the young sailor which roused Jack's

ire. His nature was not given to endurance of that sort of thing,

and his resentment would have shown in something as openly hostile as Hademy's, had not Afton's own manner chilled him.

More than uncomfortable at this, and smarting under Hademy's insolent bearing, Jack soon took his departure. The import of

it all was not long in finding explanation. At the corner Jim

Lawler, an old schoolmate, stopped him for a hearty handshake.

"Been at the Grays'?"he asked, when greetings were over.

Jack nodded.

"It takes think, nowadays?"asked Lawler, nerve—don't you

"especially if the foreign fiance happens to be present."

Jack's heart sank. "It's all settled, then, is it?"he asked.

"Oh, sure! The wedding's set for June. Might as well be

married now, though, for all the chance Afton has for other companionships."

"Jealousy, is it?"asked Jack, mechanically.

"You'd think so, if you'd seen the game, since he's sure of

Afton. Hear about Bert Harley? Insulted him one evening for

calling on in the old, friendly way, you know—after Afton—just

there came near being aher engagement. Bert resented it—and

tragedy. Since that, the Gray domicile is shy of masculine callers."

"I can't reconcile it all with Afton's spirit. She used to be

different,"said Jack.

"That's just the trouble. A lot of us would be willing to

bluff a little, play a harmless game of freezeout now and then, if she were willing. But Hademy seems to have complete mastery

a lot of money, which may account for some of it.there—has

is helping HademyThen there's an eastern aunt of Afton's who to play his game—thinks Afton honored by the chance of getting

into one of the old Spanish families, to say nothing of all the cash. He's made that within the past five years, I understand,

in orange groves. Yes, furnishing firearms for the Mexicans—and

he's one of a big gunfirm in Texas, and has besides nearly a whole county laid out in orange groves here in the State. He's

to in some sort of litigation with the Japs now, though—wants

freeze them out of the orange business. They've got a big place

adjoining his, and they stand in his way."

jack had little interest in his friend's news outside the fact of Afton's engagement, and after a few more words went back to the ship. He passed sleepless hours reforming the plans he

had nourished on the homeward trip. Something, the vital thing,

he realized now, was missing to give them interest. He would

152 [MPR< >VEMENT ER \

keep on in the same way, now. It did not seem to matter much

what became of his future.

He spent a restless day aboard, wishing impatiently that the

Lincoln might go on her wav. Then, at nightfall, he could stand

it no longer and went ashore. On every street he met the boys

of the Lincoln's crew, some of them nativeborn sons of the little seatown, joyful in reunion with home people, many of them with their the sailors'hat bands bearsweethearts—who wore proudly

ing the Lincoln's name. Jack felt the old, lonely feeling tug at his

heart, that had been there during the first year after his parents'death. The sight of all the cheery faces suddenly became unendurable. With a quick impulse he boarded a line of cars outside

the Electric station, not caring where it might be bound. It

stopped at San Pedro, and Jack, wishing only to be moving boarded a passing streetcar. He did not note its direction until

the conductor called, "Point Firman,"then left his seat.

He knew the way well from previous excursions, and strode away up the incline to the cliffs. His last trip there had been

with the jolly beachparty of two years since, and Afton had been his "partner."He remembered they had spent a halfhour on a

dizzy little niche on the cliff's front, much to the dismay of their party. Tt suited Jack's mood, just now to seek out the rather

perilous restingplace. It was not easy, groping in the darkness

around the steep front, but his ship's life had made him used to climbing, and he was seen seated in the nook high above the sea.

Away from human sight, the discouraging thoughts which

Jack had fought down so many hours, held full sway. Homesickness, the human longing for close hometies, became a veritable tumult in his heart—dangerous from long suppression. Life,

after all, seemed not worth while. Brave as his struggle might

be, it could not win for him the priceless things he wanted most.

possibleThe life stretching before him—the things—all seemed

rare and dangerous mood for one of Jack's sanguineempty—a

temperament Then, suddenly something happened. Just above him on the

jutting cliff, stood a little rustic summer house, sheltering a bench for tourists. From its interior came the sound of a voice—one

just now distinct in Jack's consciousness. He could not doubt

the sharp sibilance of certain words which marked Hademy's tones. its words wiped all selfish A strange voice answered—and

brooding from Jack's mind.

!""Blow up the battleship! You have gone mad

"You will not think so when I explain my plans. War is

bound to come soon, with Japan—is it madness to precipitate it

by perhaps a few years? Think what it would mean for you and

me just now. A thousand acres of oranges—to say nothing of

TO HIM WHO STRIVES. 153

the contracts for firearms. It would mean just that, I tell you.

A sudden action by either party, and war will be declared -within a month. With two such foes pitted against each other, it might

last half a dozen years. There was the Cicil War, you remember,

Vhich held out nearly as long. Every Japanese subject would be

us our chance at the land we want, and for a!'recalled—giving

song. Surely you can see it

"But the risk!"price—the

"The price is an American battleship. Do you think I owe

them anything—these Americans? Think how long my family

lived in poverty, through the ruin brought by their interference in our affairs in Cuba. I would light the fuse to the mine myself

if it could be done safely. But there is a point right there which

cannot be slighted. Suspicion must rest nowhere but upon an

alien. I have been busy starting rumors of some plot—secret

meetings of the Japanese in Los have seen the Angeles—youpapers? It has all been laughed at, but wait and see! My plan

is this. Tomorrow evening you hire the Jap fisherman at Rolfe's

pier for a trip out to the ship. There will be dozens of other boats

is to be a banquet for the town officials onhovering about—there

board, given in return for their courtesy to the ship's officers tonight at the Beach Hotel. That will be your chance to get near

enough with the bomb. Once laid, and your boat within safe distance, you can do what is necessary."

"And my Jap fiisherman!"said the other, ironically. "I suppose he becomes a docile and blind instrument to his own and

possibly his country's undoing!"

"He is to know nothing except the ostensible purpose of your incitrip. I have planned a way for disposing of him later—and

dentally helping out my scheme. His presence in the vicinity of

fear. I shall have my own pleasthe ship will be noted—have no

ure party aboard a launch for that purpose; then there will be

things placed in his hut to help out when investigation begins."

—-so Jacklow heardhe couldthe other'snot distinguishvoice in answer,the words.but theThen,tones presently,were low

thev went away. Jack climbed back to the narrow path. He

could see dimly the figures of the two men ahead, and crept noiselessly after them. Fifty yards from the street car, they climbed

into a waiting auto and drove away. Jack could only guess their

destination, but quickly made his plans. Leaving the street car at

the town corner, Jack ran hastily down to the wharf. A dozen

small boats lay there, and Jack chartered the nearest one—a rowboat, and seizing the oars, pulled away for the opposite shore

a long narrow neck of land whose inner end touched San Pedro.

.couldThe short cut across gave him a possible advantage—he

only wait and see! Landing at Rolfe's pier, Jack crept into the

shadow of a hovel bordering the water, and waited.

154 IMPROVEMENT ERA

In less than ten minutes Hademy's car ran into the little lane beyond, and Hademy himself knocked at the door of a poor shack not twenty paces away. Locating the place, definitely, Jack

slipped into his boat.

The civic banquet held for the Lincoln's officers lasted until midnight, but Jack, feverishly waiting, did not delay his news longer than their arrival on the ship. It was daylight when the

group of officers disbanded from the long, exciting discussion of

Jack's story. Definitely, to the last detail, plans had been made

for the capture of the conspirators. Government detectives shadowed Hademy and his companionplotter all day; but it was Jack

who, at the suggestion of the Lincoln's commander, played the chief role in their capture.

At dusk, when Hademy's companion entered the rowboat hired the night before. Jack, in alien garb, and mumbling the really

fine Japanese lingo he had picked up from the ship's cook, rowed him, and his mysterious package, out to the battleship.

Tt was almost too easy, as Jack said; for there was Hademy

in his own launch, skimming here and there with his pleasure the man clevparty, among whom was Afton—Jack noted—witherly calling attention to the little boat rowed by Jack's hands.

All this did not keep Jack's wary eye from a strict watch on the deadly package hidden in the rearhis own companion—and

of the boat. When the man, as the dusk grew, stooped to lift this

into the sea, it was Jack's oar which felled him, and Jack's hand which held him while a boatload of the Lincoln's sailors shot from behind the battleship and took it all in tow. It was a little harder

with Hademy, who tried to escape by leaping into the sea: but then

this separated him happily from his own launchparty, thus sparing them more unpleasant things.

The following official investigation was conducted behind closed doors, and at its end Hademy and his coconspirator were sentenced to the penitentiary. Five days later. Jack was summoned into the presence of the Lincoln's commander and presented with a lieutenancy, a medal, and a telegraphic dispatch of

praise from the United States government.

his It was all fine—and Jack was appropriately grateful—but

joy would have been fuller had dear, missing ones been present to rejoice with him at this unexpected turn in his fortune. There

was, however, to be compensation. It was a message from Afton

asking him to spend the evening at her home. "As an old schoolmate 1 have a right to celebrate your triumph,"it read, and Jack

found waiting him there a score of the old left friends—who

nothing undone to show him their pride in his achievement.

There were other evenings at Afton's after that, for Jack had a leave of absence, and Afton's manner left him no doubt of her genuine pleasure in his presence. Then, one evening they drifted

TO HIM WHO STRIVES. 155

into the subject nearest Jack's heart, and later Afton told him of her joy at the ending of her affair with Hademy.

"There has always been a strange dread mingled with my sense of his attraction,"she confessed. "A hundred times I have

thought I would end it all; but he seemed to possess some compelling power which kept me silent. It was felt by others, too, so

that I cannot blame myself, wholly. All through it you have been

a perpetual restless under memory—one which helped to keep me

my pledge to him."

quickly Then Jack told her his past homecoming plans—so

shattered at news of her engagement. "I have really no right to

be talking this all to you, even now,"he said. "My promotion

means, I suppose, that I shall have to keep on with my present life, and that means almost constant separation."

"Even that need not be forever,"said Afton, "and besides,

I have felt always that whatever you really wish will come your way. You have never slighted a chance that came to you—and

to that kind of a soul all good things come at last."

Her words proved prophecy. The next day he met Lindley,

who had been spending his furlough in his native, inland town.

"You're the man I came to the Beach to see,"said Ned. "I

want to make you a proposition. I'm going to resign from the

least with I want you to help me out by following suit—at—andnavy. I'm going to be married, and I'm going to orangefarming

the first and last, if not with the middle proposition. Father

has promised me a mammoth orangetract on condition I work it myself. Now, I'm willing to live on it and boss it, but you know

how shy I am on practical matters pertaining to land industries.

You are used to the orange business from your babyhood up—and

you're just the man to take charge of the whole concern. I'll

give you a third interest in it, besides your salary—for your

work."Jack gasped. Fortune could have brought no dearer thing

just now than this "I know you've been promoted into the titled navy list,"went on Ned, "but I know, too, from our 'heart to heart'talks on the long, last voyage, just how you want to 'cut'the sea. You've got

a good excuse now, unless the gold fringe tempts you more than my scheme."

"I'm ready to join you on all three of your proposed plans,"exclaimed Jack, "the central one included."

Ned stared a moment and then shook hands. "I can guess the

girl,"he said, "and there's only one other in the land that can beat her.""It's going to take courage to tell the Commander, just now,"said Jack. "He won't look at it in your light at all,"reassured Ned.

156 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"You'll he a double hero noble renunciation of glory—and

all that.""I hope it will look that way,"laughed Jack.

"When do the wedding bells ring?"insisted Ned.

Jack stared. "T haven't dared to think of anything like that

yet."'"Mine chime at the merry Christmastide,"laughed Ned.

"Why not make it a double affair?"

Jack gasped again. "That's only six months away!"

polite es- "Just time for the bride's trosseau—and your own

cape from proffered naval honors,"prodded Ned.

\nd Christmas it was! Holly, mistletoe and evergreen,

brought from near mountains, mingled with orangeblossoms and roses plucked from garden trees, decked the rooms where Jack and Afton stood to receive the wedding wishes for their new life. Chief among the gifts was the handsome silver service bearing the outline of the Lincoln, sent as a token of goodwill from his

past naval companions.

"That will be dearer to me than anything,"said Afton, "as

Lincoln's and my own."an emblem of two splendid rescues—the

"To me it stands for the first real Christmas I've had in years,"said Jack, "and for the most blessed Christmas gift that ever fell to man."

God's Serving Angels

'Tis written that the serving angels stand

Beside God's throne, ten myriads on each hand,

Waiting, with eager hearts and watchful eyes,

To do their Master's heavenly embassies.

Quicker than thought his high commands they read,

Swifter than light to execute them speed,

Bearing the word of power from str to star

Some hither and some thither, near and far.

And unto these naught is too high or low,

Too mean or mighty, if He will it so;

Neither is any creature, great or small,

Beyond his pity, which embraceth all.

Because his eye beholdeth all which are.

Sees without search, and cometh without care:

Nor any ocean rolls so vast that he

Forgets one wave of all that restless sea.

Edwin Arnold.

The Morning Breaks (This selection is for the Junior Boys'Choruses, to be sung bycontestant's, at the final M. I. A. contest, June, 1914.)

Parley P. Pratt Evan Stephens

Moderato. Four bars prelude.

y 1. The morn - ing breaks, the shadows flee; Lo! Zi - on's

2. Je - ho. van speaks! let earth give ear, And Gen tile

E * c=q #—c4—

| 1 - N*—m #—I*m r- -——TT—K -.—M—hif- *—*-—Fp * **v#r g——#y—*

standard is un - furled! The dawning of a brighter

na - tions turn and live; His mighty arm is mak - ing

=1 \ *—-J? 5 #

-i P, -F-4-—i——+r-i= -

day Ma - jestic ris - es on the world. The clouds of

bare, His cov'nant peo - pie to re - ceive. Angels from

2C p-s.—*#—Sf#—Fz3 slaar *t—S—F—f *f +vM

er - ror dis - ap - pear Before the rays of truth diheav'n and truth from earth Have met and both have rec - ord

: -4—3

158 IMPROVEMENT ERA

*JE

vine; The glory bursting from a - far, Wide o'er the

borne; Thus Zion's light is bursting forth, To cheer her

Ritard. a tempo

-*—-——*—I—4- i

na - tions soon will shine. The morning breaks, the shadows

children's glad re - turn.

V

——N—i- =—-sn - -& =1 -g—-| TZl d "9 STj I J 'ft 8 entity

flee; Lo! Zion's standard is un - furled! The dawning

,r?

A A ', AAAF\ P FV-.-H J-fn-A FV-r-1—*n t A A J WA—J—kj

Ritard, Fine.

of a brighter day, Majes-tic ris - es on the world.

* f\ |V-—i 1 -#- -0- *—#—*——i-H- -#- --—I-—I- 3=

THE MORNING BREAKS. 159

A little slower. 2nd Soprano.

The gentile fulness now comes in,

1st Soprano.

.ami Isis -- rael'sraei s blessingsuiessmgs areare atat hand,nanu,

Ritard.Ritard. D.S.

—0-3—I—\-f 1 1 = 1—* 1—ft—iv-n

Lo!Judah'sremnant,cleansed from sin,Shall in their promisedCanaan stand.

t3L—*-=3 *v

Note—Full sheet copy, with piano or organ accompaniment, should be

procured for the accompanist; regular price 40 cents. Author will send

to M. I. A. at reduced price of 25 cents per copy. Address, E. Stephens,

corner 12th South and State Sts., Salt Lake City, Utah.

A Christmas Thought

He came a guest, yet'no one bade him stay,

E'en though with him came lovegifts for us all;

No room for him, a stranger in their hall.

They thrust him out, nor cared what might befall,

For whom they wail in sackcloth till this day.

Men's hearts are touched with thoughts of Bethlehem,

Where lovesongs floated down the heavenly way;

And heaven lay close to earth, on that glad day,

When Christ was born with a right to reign alway

As Prince and King o'er all the world of men.

Lydia D. Alder.

Discoveries on the Colorado

BY JOSEPH F. ANDERSON, OF THE UTAH ARCHAEOLOGICAL EXPEDITION, 1913, FORMERLY PRINCIPAL OF THE MONROE HIGH SCHOOL

// The Homes, and Social and Religious Customs of the Cliff

Dwellers.

The land of the Cliff Dwellers seems to have been the northern frontier of a civilization, distinguished by permanent dwellings, and which extended northward from South America, reaching a marvelous climax in Central America. Mexico follows,

with an almost equal culture; and the Cliff Dwellers and Pueblos

with varying stages of a somewhat lesser culture.

The ruins of Mexico and Central America show evidence of peoples who were masters in architectural skill, and whose sculptural productions may favorably be compared with those of ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia. Were their palaces and temples intact today, they would easily be classed among the monumental works of the world. They were people who had a calendar, and measured time as the ancients in the Old World did.

They have left evidences that they had a written language and a system of theology.

The ruins of the homes of the Pueblos and Cliff Dwellers extend over large sections of Arizona, New Mexico, southwestern

Colorado, southern Utah, and even into California and Nevada.

theThe Pueblos are the communityhouses out in the open—on

mesas and in the valleys. The Cliff Dwellings are the groups

of houses built in the cliffs. The latter are the better preserved,

having in most cases been protected by overhanging cliffs and ledges. It is to these that the Utah expedition has chiefly devoted its attention.

Just why the Cliff Dwellers built their houses so high up on the cliff walls, under the sheltering rimrocks, has been a muchmooted question. By some it is held that the motive was defensive against the ravages of warlike and bloodthirsty enemies of

a meaner culture, and of a nomadic life. This theory is sustained

by the fact that, in most cases, strategic situations overlooking abysmal canyons, or the secluded recesses of highwalled caves in an almost inacessible country, were chosen for their homes.

Usually a precipitous climb of several hundred feet up the sheer cliff would confront the invader and make it possible for the defenders to dislodge him with a stone or an arrow, before he could complete his laborious ascent. Cliff houses have been

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 161

found with holes in the walls, resembling loopholes, through which missiles could be discharged. Here and there are rows

of thick slabs of stone, set on edge, a few feet outside the line ot dwellings, as if used as defensive palisades. Buried in the

debris of some of the ruins have been found skeletons of men who seem to have met violent death, from the fact that their skulls are indented as if by a battle ax.

m The theory that the cliff dwellings were not thus peculiarly situated for purposes of defense is supported by the fact that few of the ruins show signs of combat. The weapons found are numerous and varied,

but may have been useding—thechieflysmallin arrowshuntfor shooting small

game, and the large arrows and spears for bringing down the wild mountain sheep and goats, deer and antelope, and perhaps the buffalo. Bears,

lions, wolves and other animals of the fiercer type were also victims of the prehistoric hunter's aim.

These homeloving people had the gregarious instinct strongly developed. Their

houses in the cliffs were built on the apartment house plan, often containing Photo by I. Brooks, Utah Arch. Expd.

enough rooms for a THE UTAH ARCHAEOLOGICAL EXPEDITION fairsized village. The EXPLORING THE LAND OF THE Kitsil (broken potCLIFF DWELLERS

tery) cliff house in Sagiot-Sosi Canyon, Arizona, is a community house of 148 rooms. Another in Twin Cave Cove, of DogoshieBoko (Greasewood Canyon) contains over one hundred rooms, eightytwo

of which were completely excavated by the Utah expedition.

The Bat Woman house, also excavated by the Utah expedition, is a smaller group of fortyeight rooms. Other houses contain

still fewer rooms, but everywhere there is evidence of close community life. Each group had its granaries and storehouses, and

162 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Photo by Harper, Utah Arch. Expd.

LIVING ROOMS OF THE CLIFF DWELLERS, SHOWING STRUCTURES TWO

AND THREE STORIES HIGH

a common ceremonial chamber or chapel. The respective family groups had each its living room, which was at once the

kitchen, dining room, parlor and bedroom-. The large number of

cliff dwellings found in the country already explored indicates that the population of the vanished people must have been numerous, as well as extensive. The broad areas of rough, broken

country, still unexplored, undoubtedly holds many new wonders which will, in time, be found by the persistent archaeologist. In

this work, the University of Utah, through Dean Byron Cummings, is just now taking the lead. Many of the most important

discoveries of the last ten years have been made by the Dean.

Besides discovering some of the largest and most unique cliff dwellings known, he has the distinction of being the explorer and discoverer of some important natural wonders, among which is

Nonnezoshie (great arch), by all odds the largest natural bridge in the world.

The Cliff Dweller was first of all a farmer, and a good one.

But he did not live on his farm. In many cases his cliff home is

fact everything he used—had to be laboriously carried up—infar removed from any arable tract. All the products of the farm

the steep ascent to his home. His wood, his meat, his water, and

even much of the material from which he built his house, had to be fastened to his back and thus carried, in many cases, sevDISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 163

eral hundred feet up sheer cliffs. Often it was necessary to

climb, hand and foot, up perpendicular rock surfaces. For this

purpose he had chipped out hand and foot holes in the rock.

These niches, though much weathered, are still of great service to the modern explorer, who does well to make the ascent with no load at all on his back. Not all of the cliff dwellings, however,

are so extremely difficult to reach, while a few are so elevated and nearly inaccessible as to require the use of long ropes, and sometimes ladders made of the tallest pine trees, to reach them.

These ancient folk built strong houses of stone masonry and, less commonly, of adobe or of lattice work, plastered with clay.

The apartments seem to have been laid out according to carefully-made plans, with a view to economy of space and easy communication from one room to another. Looked at from a distance, the typical cliff house gives the appearance of an impregnable fortress, with its walls of solid masonry presenting a firm

and imposing front. The front walls are built near the rim of

the cave platform, which is curved to the general form of the amphitheatre, the noble arch which shelters the cliffpalace often rising to an overhanging height of several hundred feet. These

are, of course, natural recesses, but they appear as if some titanic hand had hewn them out. The walls of masonry are built

of hewn stone, and we marvel that a people with only tools made of wood and stone could accomplish such work.

The rooms of a typical dwelling may be divided into four classes according to their uses: the towers, the store rooms, the

living rooms, and the kivas, or ceremonial chambers. The houses

are rarely more than three stories high and usually but one. The

store rooms and kivas are always on the ground floor. There is

no regular entrance to the rooms; it may be through a side wall,

through a roof, or even through the ceilings of rooms, leading from one story to another by means of ladders. The entrance to

the kivas is always through the roof by means of a ladder.

The Cliff Dwellers "lived"in the living room. These rooms

are the most numerous in any cliff dwelling. In a dwelling of one

hundred fifty rooms, probably one hundred would be living rooms.

If we suppose that a family of an average of six members occupied each of these rooms, we should have a total population of six hundred in one large cliff dwelling, which would constitute a fair sized village community.

In such, a dwelling would be found one or more kivas. The

kiva seems to have been the room where the religious rites and ceremonies were performed. The Hopi Indians now living in

Arizona use similar kivas for those purposes. It was their

church and council chamber. The whole life of the family seems

to have centered about the kiva. It was the sacred place which

seemed to unite the clan and solidify the community life. If

164 IMPROVEMENT ERA

analogous to the Hopi kiva, it was here that the sacred rites of birth were performed.

The kiva is circular, and usually sunk a few feet below the level of the surface. The floor is smooth and the walls are well

plastered and often covered with inscriptions. The striking features of the kiva are the sipapu, the firepot, the firescreen and

the sacred flue, resembling a smokestack, through which, according to the Hopi belief, the newborn spirit emerges into the outer world. The sipapu is a small hole, six or eight inches deep,

in the middle of the floor. Excepting the uncertain Hopi analogy, the whole purpose and significance of the kiva of the Cliff

Photo by Rynearson, Utah Arch. Expd.

A KIVA OF THE CLIFF DWELLERS, SHOWING ENTRANCE BY MEANS OF

LADDER

Dwellers is shrouded in mystery, but everything seems to indicate a deeply sacred significance, as if it were a "Holy of

Holies."The living rooms may be distinguished from the store rooms, first of all, by their smoky walls; for chimneys were unknown,

and the only escape for smoke was through doors and windows, or holes in the roof. The walls are usually smoothly plastered.

Some walls show several successive plasterings, one over the other, indicated by the alternate layers of soot and plaster in cross section. The living rooms are also provided with smooth

cement floors, strewn with rushes and corn husks, upon which the ancient farmer slept and lounged, with his family huddled about him.

Other features of the living rooms are the everpresent fireDISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 165

pots and mealing bins, or matatas. The firepot is a rocklined

hole six or eight inches deep, sunken in the floor; sometimes, in

the middle of the flooi, often in a corner, but most frequently near the front side wall. These firepots were evidently used for

warming the room in winter, since the cooking seems to have been done in the courtyards. The matatas and mano stones always found in living rooms show that each family had its own

grist mill. The grinding of the meal was accomplished by crushing the corn and other seeds between the mano and the slanting

rock bottom of the matata (mealing bin). This was done by

grasping the mano stone in the hands and rubbing it on the grain in the matata.

The meal was made into small rolls and baked, probably on heated rocks. The Utah expedition found several good samples

of these ancient bread rolls. Its centuries of age and the uncerPhoto by Rynearson, Utah Arch. Expd.

STORAGE ROOMS IN WHICH CLIFF DWELLERS STORED FOOD SUPPLIES

tainty of its culinary purity prevented this prehistoric "Johnniecake"from appealing strongly to the appetites of the Utah explorers. Often a large olla (storage jar) is found buried beneath

the floor of the living room. One of these, found by Professor

cliff dwelling, contained moreCummings, in the Bat Woman than a bushel of shelled corn mixed with beans and squash seed, with a few large ears of corn on the cob, in the top of the vessel.

All was very well preserved.

The store rooms seem to have been built with a view to protection of the contents from rats, mice, and any kind of vermin.

The floors are often of the solid cliff rock; the walls of tight

166 IMPROVEMENT ERA m > / i jl

s BBsbr

IVflK

i S, M > V H-1 '"3H PS

. - IByjHH HI.

Photo by Harper, Utah Arch. Expd.

HIEROGLYPHICS OF THE CLIFF DWELLERS masonry, and the openings fitted closely with doors made of slabs of stone. In these rooms the ancient American stored his winter

supply of foods.

The towers were built round and to a considerable height.

They seem to be watch towers from the top of which prehistoric minutemen may have kept watch, guarding the community against sudden attack.

In several cliff dwellings, the Utah expedition found rooms that seemed to have been artists'studios. Paint brushes, painting

combs, pigments, bowls containing varicolored paints—all bespoke the "den"of the primitive artist.

In rare cases, rooms have been devoted to burials of persons of unusual rank. In such cases the whole room is usually devoted

to a single burial. The body is carefully embalmed and wrapped

with numerous layers of robing, matting and wickerwork. Such

a potentate frequently has a wealth of personal belongings buried with him. A room, containing a mummied dignitary, found

last summer by the Utah expedition, was almost completely filled with the dead man's property, consisting of ornaments of rare stones, mats or shields, basketware, pottery; numerous manufacturing and agricultural tools and implements; stone images

of animals; quantities of corn, beans, squash seeds, grass seeds

materials for kindling fire, and a great variety of miscellaneous articles.

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 167

Ordinarily the dead were buried in refuse heaps, near the dwellings, or in sand mounds, in the canyons below. The custom

of burying the personal property of the deceased with him seems to have been general.

The bodies thus far found indicate that the Cliff Dwellers were of small stature, with black hair. The skulls are well

shaped with the occipital bones somewhat flattened, probably artificially. The lower jawbones are heavy, and both jaws fitted

with good, strong teeth. The houses also indicate a race undersized. The rooms are small, with roof timbers rarely more than

six feet above the floor. Almost invariably the doorways are too

small to readily admit a large body.

That these vanished people occupied a high place in the scale of civilization of their time is everywhere evidenced. Their

architecture, their textile fabrics, their manufactured wares—all

the products of their handicraft, teach us lessons of industry and perseverance. Their political, social and religious life far transcends that of any of the modern native races. But there is still

much that is unknown concerning the rise and fall of the Cliff

Dwellers. (The next article of this series will deal with the arts and industries of the Cliff Dwellers.)

- - l-; mi:

4 '- >& m J:::;:;

rT jL tci If -Irak K "*> f M

; f ''1 *''

T. Henry Moray, writing from Gefle, Sweden, June 6: "We have

six branches here in the Sundsvall Conference, the land where we have twentyfour hours of daylight, at this time of year. In most of the

I. A. and Relief Society organibranches we have Sunday School, M.

zations. The elders and Saints enjoy the work very much. Our prospects are bright for new members of the Church. Elders left to right,

back row: J. A. Schelin, T. H. Moray, P. G. Fernelius, W. E. Malmstrom, A. C. Sanders, Gustave Anderson, C. W. Johnson; sitting: J. H.

Holmquist, Conference President, Mathias Enckson, E. W. Olson,

Mission President A. Theo. Johnson, C. A. Monson."

Editors'Table

Greeting from the First Presidency

At the approach of another holiday season, and the close of another year, we greet and congratulate the quorums of the priesthood, with the missionaries and the various auxiliary societies, particularly the Mutual Improvement Associations, the Church

Schools, and all the officers and members of the Church, not forgetting the readers of the Improvement Era, on the progress made, and the good feeling prevailing.

It is with thankful hearts and praises to our Heavenly Father, that we contemplate the growth of the Church during the past year. It has been highly satisfactory, both spiritually and temporally, both at home and abroad. In the various stakes and

wards, the people have been diligent in building houses of worship, and there is a perceptible advancement in every department of our work. The officers in charge have fulfiled their mission

of love in a manner gratifying to the presiding authorities, and, we believe, acceptable to the Lord. In season and out of

season, they have worked with the old and the young to better the religious, physical and moral condition of the people. The

Lord has blessed and prospered them, not only in spiritual things, but in temporal matters as well.

MISSION WORK.

In the foreign mission fields, a force of nearly two thousand elders have labored diligently, during the year, to fulfil the greatand important duty resting upon the Latterday Saints—"Go ye

into all the world and preach the gospel."They have thoroughly

realized that God has given us the gospel of Jesus Christ in its purity, and that we owe it to our fellowmen to make known the glorious message to mankind. They have gone out willingly and

with a determination to perform this duty. Some ministers

declare that we do not send our missionaries to the Pagans. We

are not yet a very numerous people, and have not the means to pay missionaries, as most sectarian societies do, even if that were the better way. Our elders depend upon the Lord and not upon

the dollar, and so they go to the world believing in and dependinoupon God, and his Son Jesus, the Redeemer. But they do not

preach to the Christian nations alone; they are also to be found

among the Pagans, though we have not yet as many among them as we hope to have, for this gospel is unto every creature. A

EDITORS'TABLE 169

number of our missionaries are working in Japan. There is a

branch of the Church in Hindustan, with a few Saints. We have

also Saints in Syria, among the Mohammedans, and the work will doubtless further spread and grow. During the year, in England

and Scandinavia, our elders have found considerable opposition, owing to a misapprehension of the nature of our work, but it has not hindered its progress. Where denied the use of halls to hold

meetings in, we have built chapels and meetinghouses of our own, and we hope there will be a broad and Christian spirit sufficient to enable us to occupy them in peace. We invite all people to

come and worship with us, and hear the message we have to bear to the world. In the South Sea Islands, also, among the Maoris

and the Samoans, we have established schools for the people, in which are taught the common branches of education, and the doctrines of the Church. For the natives, in New Zealand, we

have a high school where not only the gospel is taught, but also the general principles of education, and training in practical things, including manual labor, husbandry, and agriculture. This

school has already achieved notable success. We rejoice in the

work that is being done, and approve the zealous labors the elders are performing. The presidents of the twentyone different missions are men of God, and they are commended for their untiring

labors in conducting the missions, training the elders, and promulgating the gospel of Jesus Christ.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS

The General Priesthood committee has provided and will continue to supply the priesthood quorums throughout the Church with the necessary textbooks for the study of the gospel, and for familiarizing them with their duties in priesthood and quorum capacity. Commendable efforts are being made to unite the quorums

in fraternal strength and love. The growth of the quorum activities during the last five years is a cause for gratitude. The

practical work performed, and the educational information disseminated by them, have tended greatly to the building up of

Zion, and to the edification of her people. Efforts are being made

to enroll all members of the priesthood in the various quorums to which they belong. This work should be zealously encouraged.

There is a praiseworthy advancement among the Priests of the Church. At present, in five hundred wards in the Church,

there are priests'quorums, or classes, each presided over by a bishop, and arrangements are making for an organization of such a quorum or class in every ward of the Church. The bishops are

gathering the young brethren around them, and taking a fatherly interest in their welfare, thus teaching the young men the commandments of the Lord and their daily duties, by precept and 170 IMPROVEMENT ERA

example. Another very important activity in the priesthood work

is ward teaching. This work, in many places, has been seriously

neglected, and we are delighted to learn that the spirit of teaching has been awakened generally. An effort is being made in many

of the stakes of Zion to have all the families of the Church visited regularly every month by teachers, and all the officers are being enlisted in this very commendable work, which is worthy of the best efforts of our brightest men. Not only the priests, teachers,

but elders, high priests, and seventies, should be encouraged to do their part in this great labor. We trust that in addition to the

consideration of the studies provided for the coming year, the practical work of the priesthood will not be neglected. It is necessary that every officer shall magnify his calling, and that the

teachers visit the people in their homes, to teach them the word of God. The authorities throughout the Church should come close

to the members, and particularly to the youth, to lead them in light and truth in spiritual affairs, and to that conduct in temporal and social affairs that should characterize Latterday Saints.

MOVEMENTS IN THE M. I. A.

In the Mutual Improvement Associations of the young men and the young ladies, praiseworthy activity has been shown in the past year. There appears to be a new awakening among the

young people, and the officers of these organizations are certainly to be congratulated upon the interest they have aroused.

The boys are sought after, and new methods have been adopted to interest them in the work of the Lord, and in all that pertains to good citizenship in Church and state. The processes by which

this is being accomplished are presented in detail from time to time by the officers, throughout the stakes and wards, who are instructed by the general board concerning this important work.

The Y. M. M. I. A. offers splendid opportunity in class study, debating, musical exercises, oratory and public speaking, storytelling, scout organizations and athletic exercises, dramatic and

literary entertainments, and dancing, all of whicti are presented with a view to winning and uplifting the boys. A force of some

3,500 officers, young men, devote some of their spare time and efforts in teaching the youth in these activities. We express our

gratitude and thanks to them. This home work has its reward

as great as the reward that comes to those who go out into the world to preach the gospel. In fact, there is a quicker and

mere satisfactory return for the labor expended with our own boys, our own flesh and blood, in holding them in the line of duty, and interesting them in their own development and welfare, than in any other work that a missionary can engage in. We trust that

this will soon become a sphere for greater effort than at present,

EDITORS'TABLE 171

a field where our college graduates, educators, and men of special talent in the various activities of the associations may take part in the blessing and advancement of the young men of Zion.

The age of eligibility for membership in the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations has recently been changed from 14 years up, to 12. It has been found difficult to enlist the interest

of the boys from 12 to 14 in the Primary Associations, owing to ordinations to the priesthood at the age of 12, and also to the fact that they are admitted into the M. I. A. Scout organization

at that age. Therefore, it has been thought wise to include these

boys in the regular ranks of the Y. M. M. I. A. The necessary

outlines for their class exercises, and for their entertainment in the various activities, will be provided by the general board.

In the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, commendable work is being done in every line which they have undertaken, and their officers, from the general board to the active teachers in the classes throughout the Church, are to be praised for their diligence in teaching the young ladies, not only the principles of the gospel, and social and literary knowledge, but for training them in practical work in sewing and domestic science.

What is said in praise of the officers of these organizations may with equal emphasis be said of those of the great Sunday School

Union, the Primaries, the Religion Class, and the Relief Society.

THE CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Supplementing the labors of these organizations, or perhaps standing at their head, for the more favored students, are the

Church schools. The people are urged to patronize them. They

are organized to teach the principles of the gospel, as well as to impart a thorough general education. A great amount of good

is thus being accomplished, which is making itself felt among the youth throughout the Church. Students of these schools are

a wonderful help to the auxiliary associations as teachers, and are aiding all the organizations of the Church by their superior ability. Others who are not so engaged, should be induced to assist

in this work, for men and women willing and able to instruct the youth in the very best methods of learning, and the right ways of living, are needed, and they will in nowise lose their reward.

Taking a broad view of the situation of the Latterday

Saints in general, we see everything to encourage us, and our gratitude goes out to our Father in heaven for the many blessings, of every kind, he has granted unto the Saints. We believe that

most of them appreciate these favors, and their gratitude will doubtless be manifested in their obedience and devotion, and in their active support of the Church, and of all these organizations and activities.

172 IMPROVEMENT ERA

With earnest wishes for the continued welfare and happiness of Israel, and of those who love the truth, and wishing all a

Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year, we remain,

Your brethren, Joseph F. Smith,

Anthon H. Lund,

Charles W. Penrose,

First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

A Greeting to the Missionaries

Beloved Brethren: One of the distinguishing features of the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is its missionary system. In proportion to numbers, no other church or sect in the

world today approaches ours in the extent and scope of its missionary service, nor in the sense of importance with which that labor is regarded by the members in general.

To you who have left home and dear ones; to you who have

relinquished, for a period, your material affairs; to you who have

promptly and willingly responded to the call to go forth into the world as duly accredited preachers and teachers of the Gospel of

write this brief greeting as one who loves you for theearth—IChrist, without hope of pecuniary or other reward in things of

sacrifice you have made, for the zeal and integrity you exhibit, and for the splendid results accruing through your unselfish devotion. I write as one called and ordained to lifeservice in the same

ministry in which you labor.

One of the many good gifts with which our Father requites the labors of his faithful children is the blessed boon of happiness. I know of none more truly happy than the active missionary, upon whom rests in full measure the spirit of his Divine commission. To him, no duty, no requirement, no phase of his labor

is irksome or unwelcome. I commend to you for study and practice a lesson which I doubt not you have already learned in part

through demonstration and test in the laboratory of experience, lesson thatbut which I would have you master thoroughly—the

tells of the vital distinction between pleasure and happiness.

The present is an age of pleasureseeking, and men are losing their sanity in the mad rush for sensations that do but excite and disappoint. In this day of counterfeits, adulterations, and

base imitations, the devil is busier than he has ever been in the course of human history, in the manufacture of pleasures, both old and new; and these he offers for sale in most attractive

fashion, falsely labeled, "Happiness."In this souldestroying

EDITORS'"TABLE 173

craft he is without a peer; he has had centuries of experience and

practice, and by his skill he controls the market. He has learned

the tricks of the trade, and knows well how to catch the eye and arouse the desire of his customers. He puts up the stuff in brightcolored packages, tied with tinsel string and tassel; and crowds

flock to his bargain counters, hustling and crushing one another in their frenzy to buy.

Follow one of the purchasers as he goes off gloatingly with his gaudy packet, and watch him as he opens it. What finds he

inside the gilded wrapping? He had expected fragrant happiness,

but uncovers only an inferior brand of pleasure, the stench of which is nauseating.

Happiness includes all that is really desirable and of true worth in pleasure, and much beside. Happiness is genuine gold,

pleasure but gilded brass, which corrodes in the hand, and is soon converted into poisonous verdigris. Happiness is as the genuine

diamond, which, rough or polished, shines with its own inimitable luster; pleasure is as the paste imitation that glows only when

artificially embellished. Happiness is as the ruby, red as the heart's

blood, hard and enduring; pleasure, as stained glass, soft, brittle,

and of but transitory beauty.

Happiness is true food, wholesome, nutritious and sweet; it

builds up the body and generates energy for action, physical, mental and spiritual; pleasure is but a deceiving stimulant which, like

spirituous drink, makes one think he is strong when in reality enfeebled; makes him fancy he is well when in fact stricken with

deadly malady.

Happiness leaves no bad aftertaste, it is followed by no depressing reaction; it calls for no repentance, brings no regret, entails no remorse; pleasure too often makes necessary repentance,

contrition, and suffering; and, if indulged to the extreme, it brings

degradation and destruction.

True happiness is lived over and over again in memory, always with a renewal of the original good; a moment of unholy

pleasure may leave a barbed sting, which, like a thorn in the flesh, is an everpresent source of anguish.

Happiness is not akin with levity, nor is it one with lightminded mirth. It springs from the deeper fountains of the soul,

and is not infrequently accompanied by tears. Have you never

been so happy that you have had to weep? I have.

Recently, I witnessed an instance of tearful happiness, and I shall not soon forget the experience. I had been engaged with my

brethren in setting apart missionaries, who were about to leave for their several fields of labor. We had laid our hands upon

their heads, one by one, and had invoked Divine blessing upon them and their work. You know the solemn procedure, for each

of you has been so blessed and set apart. After the missionary

174 IMPROVEMENT ERA

assembly had in the Annex to the House of the closed—thereLord—my attention was attracted to a woman, one who had long

passed the noontide of her life, standing with her arms about the neck of her manly son; her head rested upon his shoulder,

and she was sobbing with strong emotion. He stood tenderly

supporting her with his strong right arm, while his tears fell upon her whitening hair. I ventured to approach; and she, becoming

aware of my presence, looked into my face through the mist of tears, and smilingly said, "He is my boy, you see; my only son

and he is going far away, across the great ocean."I asked, "Don't

you want him to go?""Want, him to go?"she repeated, with

beaming countenance; "oh, yes! yes! I am so thankful to have

a son worthy to go out into the world as a missionary of the gospel, that I can't help crying, you know."Then, after a pause

which to me was profoundly affecting, she added, "His father filled an honorable mission, and has since died; now our son goes

to continue his father's good work, thank God!"And the thought

of it all filled that widowed heart with such overpowering happiness that she could but weep and sob.

And now, let me tell you of another scene which I witnessed soon after the incident just described. Again I saw a loving

mother with her arms about the neck of her son. She, too, was

shaken with sobs, and the floodgates of his tears were open. To

my look of inquiry she replied with an explanation: "He is my

son, and has just returned from his mission after nearly three year's absence. Oh, I am so happy, I just have to cry."The

glad father, who stood by, wept in unison with his wife and son.

The young man soon suppressed his emotion and answered my questions with proud humility and soulful gratitude in his face.

His record in the mission field was good; his release was an honorable one. And as I looked upon the reunited family, I said in

is happiness, indeed; while, through the innermy heart—this

chambers of my soul, there echoed a holy refrain, "Well done, good and faithful servant; happiness is thy reward."

Beloved brethren, may hapiness be your portion, and success in the saving of souls your eternal glory.

James E. Talmage.

Why Pay Tithing?

BECAUSE IT IS A LAW OF GOD

The Lord revealed the law to Abraham and Jacob, emphasized it to Israel through Malachi, and reiterated it during the personal ministry of our Savior. The law has been restored to

EDITORS'TABLE 175

us in a very emphatic revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

The Lord has said to his Church in this dispensation:

Verily, thus saith the Lord, I require all their surplus property to be put into the hands of the bishop of my church of Zion,

For the building of mine house, and for the laying of the foundation of Zion and for the Priesthood, and for the debts of the Presidency of my church;

And this shall be the beginning of the tithing of my people;

And after that, those who have thus been tithed, shall pay onetenth of all their interest annually; and this shall be a standing law

unto them forever, for my holy priesthood, saith the Lord.

Verily I say unto you, it shall come to pass, that all those who gather unto the land of Zion shall be tithed of their surplus properties, and shall observe this law, or they shall not be found worthy to abide among you.

And I say unto you, if my people observe not this law, to keep it holy, and by this law sanctify the land of Zion unto me, that my statutes and my judgments may be kept thereon, that it may be most holy, behold, verily I say unto you, it shall not be a land of Zion unto you; And this shall be an ensample unto'all the Stakes of Zion. Even

so. Amen.

The word of the Lord is very plain. The law is clearly set

forth. The blessings to be obtained for obedience are stated, and

the penalties for disregarding it are made known.

The gospel of Jesus Christ teaches that the Lord does not command of his children things which they are not able to do.

Tf we have faith in him, therefore, obedience to this law is imperative. Not one among us is too poor to observe the payment

of tithing, and not one is rich enough to afford to neglect it. The

poor need the temporal and spiritual blessings predicated upon obedience, and the rich are poor, indeed, if they are not in possession of the blessings of heaven, for "What shall it profit a man if he gain the whole world and lose his soul?"

BECAUSE IT CALLS FORTH THE BLESSING OF HEAVEN

The Lord has said, speaking of this principle, "Prove me herewith."Those who have honestly obeyed the law, with pure

motives, have learned by happy experience that his promises never fail. The blessings to be received are both temporal and

spiritual. Among the temporal are these

This.shall be a land of Zion unto those who obey the law.

176 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The devourer shall be rebuked, and the land blessed for their sakes.

They shall enjoy their substance in contentment and peace.

Their children shall not beg in the streets of Zion for bread.

The spiritual blessings, however, are the greatest. Tithepayers shall receive blessings more than they can contain. Who

among the Latterday Saints has not seen this promise verily fulfiled? Go into the presence of one who is living the gospel, including the law of tithing, and you will observe that the Spirit of the

Lord that fills his heart cannot be contained by him, but it flows forth to bless those with whom he associates.

BECAUSE IT INCREASES FAITH

Faith is the basis of spiritual power, and the very foundation of our hope of salvation. Without faith, which "is the moving

cause of all action,"there can be no salvation, and the degree of salvation that each one shall receive, will depend upon the measure of faith that he possesses. Any principle that will increase faith

is, therefore, of great value.

A thoughtful American writer has said that the only faith that wears well, and holds its color in all weathers, is that which is woven into conviction and set with the sharp mordant of experience. Jesus stated the striking truth that those who may

know of the doctrine are those who do the will of the Father.

The righteous, who shall finally live by that high, divine faith that

Christ possesses, are those who, by keeping the divine commandments, have gone from faith to faith.

The blessings experienced by the tithepayer weave his faith into a conviction that will hold its color in all weathers. His

faith will increase until he shall know of the, doctrine, and knowing, he will be enabled to lay a foundation on which he can build until, finally, with the just in Christ, he will live by faith.

BECAUSE IT UNFOLDS OTHER ATTRIBUTES OF THE ETERNAL SPIRIT

THE EGO THE REAL I AM

The salvation vouchsafed to him who obeys the gospel, a necessary law of which is tithing, will fill the soul with high and exalted aspirations, and inspire him to climb to greather heights, both here and hereafter, than he would otherwise attain. The act

of obeying these high impulses will call forward a high sense of moral courage and will compel him to despise cowardice in every form. He will become a defender of virtue and truth and honor..

Doubt will be vanquished, and in the storms of life, whether outward or inward, he will feel a calm assurance that his life has been in harmony with the Infinite, as far as he was able to make it so, and therefore, "all is wehV*

EDITORS'TABLE 177

be broadened and deepened. Love—the greatest virtue—will

When one pays tithing he is contributing to humanity; for, after

all, tithing is merely part of the material means necessary to teaching the gospel to the world. But when one does his share in the

manner provided by the Lord, it leaves no room for selfishness or egotism. Too often men contribute their means to gratify

selfish vanity, avariciousness or pride. Such instincts—their

gifts have a tendency to impoverish, rather than enrich the soul.

Tithing is paid in the spirit of not letting the left hand know what the right hand doeth. And yet we are conscious that it will bless

the world; and because we are thus serving the world, our love

increases. "The Lord loveth a cheerful giver."Tithing is a free will

offering, and is cheerfully paid. The act of meeting the obligation develops the quality that God loves.

The law of tithing may be made a potent factor in developing some of the nobler attributes of the soul, and a Christlike soul is its own triumphant reward and blessing.

BECAUSE IT IS A GREAT PRIVILEGE TO HELP SUPPORT THE INSTITUTIONS OF THE CHURCH WITH A PART OF OUR MEANS

The power of the Church for good shall increase in the midst of the earth. Her light shall shine unto all the world. All nations will

call her blessed, for because of her all nations shall be blessed.

The tithepayer demonstrates that he holds these things not merely as a passive belief, but as a proposition in which he has a living, active faith.

All institutions that have to do with material things need material support. The work of no great institution can be carried on without means. This is a proposition that will appeal to

every thinking individual. In this great work of redemption, the

Lord has not only granted us the privilege of giving this support, from a part of the means over which he has given us stewardship, but he has made it imperative that we take a part of the substance entrusted to us to carry on his work.

Many of the greatest spiritual blessings are dependent to a great extent on material things for their realization. In fact, all

through the creations of our Father, the material and spiritual are closely associated. Take for example our temple work that

is so full of spiritual blessings. It is necessary to have suitable

buildings in which the sacred ordinances can be performed. Then,

these buildings must be properly furnished, heated, lighted and cared for. The spiritual work done in our temples is of the

greatest importance to the race, because it effects the redemption of the living and the dead. This work is made possible only

because of the tithes of the people, and no man can place himself 178 IMPROVEMENT ERA

in a position to receive all these blessings unless he meets this obligation towards the Lord.

In a similar manner, the stake and ward houses, in which the

Sacrament is administered on the Sabbath, and so many other spiritual feasts enjoyed, must be maintained.

Our splendid schools, a system that does so much towards developing the nobler mental and spiritual—of qualities—both

our boys.and girls, must be housed in convenient buildings and

be provided with competent instructors.

Even our great missionary work could not continue without means, and many other phases of the work, that are pregnant with spiritual blessings, that are destined to bless all mankind, would cease if the Saints were not loyal to this law of tithing. In all

these important activities, that are doing their part in cleansing the world from sin, raising men and women to higher ideals, and redeeming the race, some material form of help is needed for their full fruition.

God, who is wise and just and filled with love, mercy and compassion towards all, has ordained the plan whereby the means may be provided in a just, equitable and proper manner. That

plan, ordained by him, is described in the revelation on tithing.

Then, because the Lord has commanded it; because we have

faith in him; because we wish this faith to increase; because we

wish the other soulattributes developed; because we wish to enjoy

the blessings of heaven in temporal and spiritual matters; because we are jealous of the privilege granted us to support the

institutions of the Church with a part of our means; because our

good, common sense tells us that institutions dealing in spiritual things, need material support; because we want this to be a land

of Zion unto us and our children forever; and because we believe

with full faith in the power of the gospel to bless all mankind and the living and theultimately redeem the race—both dead,—we

should pay our tithing.

Messages from the Missions

Elder J. Leo Ellertson, Korangata, New Zealand, July 29: "Nothing but good can be said of the work being accomplished in the infant

institution of learning established by the Church at Korangata, New

Zealand. The casual observer can readily see that the Spirit of the

Lord is directing the work. This is proved by the spirit of brotherly

love that accompanies all that are connected with the institution.

The native boys are highly elated over the privilege they enjoy of attending the college and often send letters home to their parents giving

EDITORS'TABLE 179

such good reports that it inspires their parents to reply with letters of thanksgiving to Professor Johnson and his assistants for their labors. Already certain boys have expressed themselves as seeing life

in a new light and a complete revolution has taken place in them.

Instead of the wild, roving and restless spirit that permeates their souls on entering school, an altogether different attitude is gradually taking possession of them and comparatively speaking they have begun to place their ideals among the stars. They are making strenuous

efforts to realize their new formed ambitions. Recently we had a case

of supposed smallpox but which turned out to be nothing but a milder disease. The government thoroughly cleaned and fumigated the

buildings and vaccinated all the students and teachers, free of the

GROUP OF KORANGATA SCHOOL CHILDREN

burden of expense. We therefore feel secure from that unwelcome

disease, and while we are still quarantined yet joy and happiness reign in our midst. The small schools scattered throughout the north island

for the purpose of teaching the younger children the fundamentals of an education and the gospel, are doing well and are instilling into the hearts of the children the fear of God and a desire to do good. I

send herewith a group of children who attend school at Korangata near the college where I am teaching at present, also of three elders who have had the privilege of teaching in the graded schools and felt that it'was one of the happiest positions they ever held. Two of them

are now teaching in the college. We feel that the Spirit of the Lord

is striving with the people of New Zealand, and that slowly and surely they are being made to realize the importance of the gospel message that we bear."

Priesthood Quorums'Table

Important Rulings: The Presiding Bishopric have made the following rulings on presidency, enrollment in ward classes, and quorum

recommends, which all bishops, ward clerks, and class instructors should carefully notice:

1st—The bishopric of the ward, as presiding high priests, preside

over all the priesthood classes of the ward, both Melchizedek and

Aaronic, and all such classes should meet weekly under their direction.

The classes should not be confused with the quorums of the Melchizedek priesthood.

2nd—The name of every member of the ward holding the priesthood should be entered on the priesthood index of the Ward Weekly

Priesthood Roll and Minute Book, and on the class roll to which he should belong, regardless of the fact as to whether or not he has been admitted as a member of a regularly organized quorum of the

Melchizedek priesthood. Exception may be made in the instance of

large city wards whose boundaries comprise organized quorums of seventy or elders, who, while meeting weekly, perform the functions and duties of a quorum. In such cases it is the duty of the ward

clerk to hand to the quorum secretary a slip containing the names of persons received in and removed from the ward. Proper steps should

be taken by the quorum officers to enroll in the quorum those who have just arrived in the quorum district. Admission should be at the

discretion of the officers and members of the quorum, in harmony with the instructions contained in paragraph SO of the Circular of Instructions, No. 12.

3rd—The class rolls should be handed to the ward clerk after each

meeting, so that additional names may be added and the removals indicated on the roll. Since the ward clerk usually issues the certificate of membership and also enters all recommends of persons received in the ward, he is the proper person to adjust the class rolls.

This does not apply to quorum rolls.

4th—The enrollment of a person holding the priesthood, as a

member of a priesthood class, does not entitle him to membership in the quorum to which that class belongs. In this respect we refer particularly to the quorums of high priests, seventies, and elders. He

should present himself at the regular meeting of the quorum, and action should be taken upon his application for admittance to membership in accordance with the rules and regulations of that quorum, and as further explained in paragraph 50 referred to above.

5th—The class instructor and officers of the ward, including the

ward teachers, should urge every person holding the priesthood to attend the ward weekly priesthood meetings, and special attention should be given to those who are indifferent and neglectful. Instructors for classes of the Melchizedek priesthood should be selected in

accordance with paragraph 46 of the Circular of Instructions, No. 12.

Mutual Work Changes in Y. M. M. I. A. Membership Age

To the Officers of the Y. M. M. I. A.

Dear Brethren: Inasmuch as boys between 12 and 14 years of age

have been declared eligible by the General Board to enroll as M. I. A.

Scouts, it is announced by the General Board of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

on suggestion of the First Presidency of the Church, that the boys of that age are also eligible to enroll as members of the Young Men's

Improvement Associations, as they naturally become weaned away from the Primary Associations after being ordained to the Priesthood or enrolled as Scouts.

The officers will, therefore, take notice of this action, and see that the boys between 12 and 14 years of age shall hereafter be enrolled in the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. Instructions relating to the studies of this special class of new members will be issued

by the General Board.

Joseph F. Smith,

Heber J. Grant,

B. H. Roberts,

Nov. 8, 1913. General Superintendency Y. M. M. I. A.

M. I. A, Contests

The Committee on Contests suggest the following subjects for retold stories and orations in wards and stake associations. It is distinctly understood that these titles are merely suggestive, as showing

the class of matter that should be selected for the M. I. A. contests.

Other titles may be chosen by the contestants themselves to be. approved by the officers of the M. I. A. in the various stakes of Zion. It

should be remembered that one of the points for judgment in retold stories is "selection,"and in orations "the idea."The class of stories

selected, and the idea in orations, will count largely with the judges.

All interested are requested to consider carefully the points for judgment for stories and orations, contained in the convention program for 1913, in the Senior Manual, and also in the Improvement Era for

September, 1913:

suggestive list for retold stories "The Courage of the Commonplace,"Andrews, (small book).

"The Boy from Missouri Valley,"Elbert Hubbard, (small book).

"The Fourth Physician,"Pickett, (small book).

"The Perfect Tribute,"Andrews, (small book).

"Where Love is, There God is Also,"Tolstoy, (small book).

"Vision of Sir Launfal,"Lowell.

"David Swan,"from Twice Told Tales, Hawthorne.

"In the Desert of Waiting,"Annie Fellows Johnston, (small book).

"The Great Stone Face,"Hawthorne.

"The Gift of the Wise man,"O. Henry.

"Why the Chimes Rang,"Raymond M. Alden.

"Revolt of Mother,"Wilkins.

"The Land of the Blue Flower,"(small book).

"The Other Wise Man,"Van Dyke, (small book).

"Michael,"Wadsworth.

"King Robert of Sicily,"Longfellow.

"The Man Without a Country,"Hale, (small book).

"Courage,"Ivins, (Nov., 1913, Era.)

Stories of Joseph, Esther, Ruth, and David and Jonathan, from the Bible. N

"The Man with the Pitcher,"(small book).

182 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"End of the Song."

"Enoch Arden,"Tennyson.

"The Birds'Christmas Carol,"Kate Douglas Wiggins.

"A Message to Garcia,"Elbert Hubbard.

"How the Lord was Good to Aunt Johanna,"Nephi Anderson, (Era, Vol. 13, page 107).

"The Diamond Necklace,"Guy de Maupassant.

"A Pioneer Patriot,"(Young Woman's Journal, Nov., 1905).

SUGGESTIVE LIST OF TOPICS FOR ORATIONS

Strength Lies in Struggle. Loyalty to Truth.

Opportunity Makes and Unmakes. Back to Nature.

The Love of Money, the Root of The Bible.

Evil. The Sun.

Perfect Religion Based on ReveThe Rainbow.

lation from God. Purity of Thought.

True to the Faith. Our Government.

Success Lies in Playing the Game The Fourth Commandment.

Fairly. Man's True Greatness.

"There is a Divinity that Shapes Idleness.

Our Ends, Rough Hew Them Evils of Extravagance.

How We May."Missionary Enterprise.

Faith in God the Greatest AnThe Lord's Prayer.

chorage. "Let There be Light."*

The Joy of Right Living. The Peace Maker.

Prove Thy P'aith by Thy Works. Civic Pride.

The Glory of God is Intelligence. Friends.

Am I My Brother's Keeper? A True Son of Zion.

"Be Prepared."A True Daughter of Zion.

Mixed Double Quartet for M. I. A. Contest

A—"It is the Lot of Friends to Part."Music by Dudley Buck; published by Oliver Ditson, Boston; price, 10c a copy. (To be sung

without accompaniment.)

B—"Tell Me, Thou Pretty Bee."Music by D. Protheroe; published

by Joseph Flanner, Milwaukee, Wis.; price, 15c a copy. (To be

sung with accompaniment.)

The above named musical numbers are selected for the M. I. A.

contest, the finals of which will be held next June in Salt Lake City.

These selections have been made after going over several hundred musical numbers and consulting with some of the best musicians of the state. The selections are excellent, both from a'practical and

artistic point of view. The numbers are not so difficult but that all

ward associations may enter, and still all find plenty to do, if the music is sung as the composers intended that it should be sung.

The songs may be purchased at the DaynesBeebe Music Co., at

the Consolidated Music Co., and at other music houses in Salt Lake

City, or through your local music house, by sending full particulars and price as announced above.

Both numbers must be sung in the contest in the order given. In

the "A"number, the prelude only will be played. In the "B"number,

the accompaniment will be played throughout.

We trust that M. I. A. officers already have the mixed double quartets organized in their wards, under the direction of the M. I. A. choristers, and that they are singing in the different association meetings.

The quartets should be to the association what the ward choir is to

MUTUAL WORK 183 the sacrament meeting—the "backbone"of good singing. The Junior

choruses should be organized at once, and encouraged to sing before the association and other public meetings, from time to time. This

work should be under the direction of your M. I. A. chorister. The

contest piece for the Junior boys'chorus is published in this number of the Era.

Suggestive Outlines for Y. M. M. I. A. Freshmen Class

(1214 Years) for December First Week. Five Minutes—Setting up Exercises. See pages

219220, Boy Scouts Hand Book, Exercises 1, 2, 3, 4. These should be

memorized.

Five minutes—Scout cheer (Yell) See page 101102, Hand Book

for Scout Masters, and this number of the Era. Discuss the yell. It

creates the "get toegther spirit,"and is a "safety valve."Where the

associations meet on Sunday night, this work should be done silently or eliminated, and the singing of old familiar melodies be substituted

Fifteen minutes—"Telegrams Without Wires"—See Stories of Inventors, chap. 1. This book is one of the Y. M. M. I. A. reading course.

See page 210215, Boy Scouts Hand Book. The leader should read up

on this subject and give the boys his findings. Do not read from

books in the class, but show pictures and talk about them. Construct an imaginary wireless station in the room.

last pages of Twenty minutes—Scout Work. See Lesson 1,

Junior Manual.

Second Week. Five minutes—Setting up Exercises. See page

219, 220, 221 Boy Scouts Hand Book. Review last lesson and add exercises 5 and 6.

(Yell). Review last lesson. "Churn"Five minutes—Scout Cheer

the yell. Have the boys bring an original yell for next week, one

that will fit their ward organizations. Fifteen minutes—"The Air Ship."See Stories of Inventors,

chap. II. See suggestions on first lesson. Twenty minutes—"Scout Work."See lesson 2, Junior Manual.

Exercises. Review and Third Week. Five minutes—Setting up

add exercises 7, 8, 9. These exercises should be memorized by the

leader. (Yell). Review, and try one or two Five minutes—Scout cheer

new ones. Fifteen minutes—"How a Fast Train is Run."See Stories of Inventors, chap. III. Show pictures to class.

lesson 3, Junior Manual. Twenty minutes—Scout Work. See

Exercises. Review, Fourth Week. Five minutes—Setting up

and add 10, 11, 12.

Five minutes—Scout Cheer (Yell). Review. Fifteen minutes—"How Automobiles Work."See Stories of Inventors, chap. IV..

Twenty minutes—Scout work. See Lesson 4, Junior Manual.

Since the decision of the General Board that the 1214 year old

I. A., time has not permitted boys should be enrolled in the Y. M. M.

the Committee on Class Study to work out any definite lesson work, but in order that the regular Junior Manual work, shall not be used by the freshman class (1214) which would interfere with our threeyear Junior course, Field Secretary Oscar A. Kirkham has prepared

the above lessons which we trust will be of assistance, until further outlines of work for these boys are suggested.

Passing Events

A tablet marking the "Mormon"trail across Iowa, was dedicated at Keokuk, on October 22, in connection with the unveiling ceremony of a bronze statue of Indian Chief Keokuk. The telegrams state that

the unveiling ceremony was held in connection with the Iowa Daughters of the American Revolution conference.

William Nelson, for many years connected with the Salt Lake

Tribune, died Sunday morning, October 26, 1913. He was a noted

character in Utah for many years. As a soldier, editor, and citizen,

while intensely partisan, he was forceful and determined, and in many respects a remarkable character. Intense in his likes and dislikes, he

was a thorough partisan.

William C. Whaley, of Townsend, Montana, has been appointed

and confirmed United States Internal Revenue Collector, vice E. H.

Callister, for the district of Utah, Idaho, and Montana. He was confirmed by the Senate October 18. It is not yet definitely decided

whether or not the headquarters of the district will be removed from

Salt Lake City to Montana.

Charles Tellier died recently in poverty in Paris, France, at a ripe old age. His experiments of half a lifetime made refrigeration systems possible. One of the corporations he had helped to enrich

offered him in his last hours a gift of $20,000, but as he had lived halfstarved during his lifetime, unrecognized, he scornfully rejected it.

He accepted a ribbon from the Legion of Honor, but said he spurned alms.

At Leipzig, Germany, in October, the hundredth anniversary of "the battle of the nations"was celebrated by the unveiling of the world's largest monument. It was at this place that Napoleon's

army received from the allies a blow which gave promise of what was to follow a little later at Waterloo. The monument is nearly

300 feet high, and is 200 feet wide at the base. It is built of reddish

porphyry and cement, and cost $1,500,000. In the battle of Leipzig,

Oct. 1619, 1813, more than 80,000 lives were lost.

Another stake, the 66th, has been added to the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints. The Boise stake was organized at Boise,

Idaho, Sunday, November 2, 1913. Heber Q. Hale, for the past eight

years presiding elder in Boise, was made president, with William

Rawson, of Carey, and C. O. Winkler, of Boise, counselors, and W. M.

McKendrick, stake clerk. President Francis M. Lyman, of the Quorum

of the Twelve, presided and gave the principal addresses. Others

present were Elders Rudger Clawson, President W. T. Jack, of Cassia

Stake, Idaho; President W. S. Bramwell, of the Union Stake, Oregon,

and President M. J. Ballard, of the Northwestern States Mission. The

new stake extends from Minidoka, Idaho, to Oregon, 350 miles, and includes twelve counties. There is a population of 3,000 Latterday

Saints living in the territory.

The Soldier Summit detour, on the Denver and Rio Grande Railway, was completed in early November, so that trains could pass over it. The first train consisted of fortyfive cars and required

two hours to make the seventeen miles. While the line is not yet

officially opened, trains have since continued to pass over the new route going east'. The detour around Soldiers'Summit decreases

the grade from four to two per cent. The seventeen miles of new

PASSING EVENTS 185

road has taken eleven months to complete, at a cost of over $2,000,- 000. Two thousand men have been employed upon the line during the

past summer, besides many steam shovels and other mechanical appliances for grading and track laying. The detour begins at Tucker

and ends at the top of the summit, being four miles longer than the old route. It has been necessary in the past to have from four

to five engines pull a train of nine pullmans over Soldier Summit, but two engines can now handle the same train with greater speed.

The San Fernando reservoir was opened, near Los Angeles, Calfornia, on November 5, at the head of a valley twenty three miles north of Los Angeles. The mountain flood gates were opened which

lead into the monster San Fernando reservoir; and the snow waters,

gathered from the slopes of the Sierras on the eastern rim of the state, were brought over desert and through mountains in the Los

Angeles acqueduct, 260 miles in length, to the reservoir. There

was a two days celebration at the reservoir, and at the park where a $500,000 fountain was dedicated to commemorate what the people of the state love to refer to as one of the world's greatest engineering achievements. It was begun eight years ago, when Los Angeles had

a 200,000population, suffering a water famine. The acqueduct and

belongings have cost over $26,000,000, and has brought to the city a water supply capable of furnishing approximately 260,000,000 gallons of water every twenty four hours. A further bond issue, involving an expenditure of approximately $6,500,000, is contemplated

to enable the city to develop 370,000 horse power of electric energy to supply Los Angeles with light and power.

The Mexican situation continues to cause grave apprehensions at Washington. The election in Mexico on October 26 was a mere

mockery. Less than ten thousand votes were cast; whereas, a full

and free election such as we are accustomed to in this country should have brought out'at least two million voters. The members of congress were arrested and put in jail some time before, and Huerta had

declared himself military dictator of the country. Twothirds of the

Mexican territory refused to vote—a territory lying in the north

which does not acknowledge Huerta as ruler. The United States

warned Huerta to eliminate himself from politics, and to prevent. the newly elected congress from convening. The lower house of

congress met on November 15, however, and later organized. Huerta

seems to defy the United States, and it would seem now that this country is likely to blockade the Mexican ports. On Saturday morning, November 14, before five o'clock Ciudad Juarez, across the Rio

Grande from El Paso, was taken by the Constitutionalists under General Pancho Villa, in the name of the followers of Venustriano Carranza. There were horrifying tales of executions in all quarters.

Captain Jose Torres was the first'to be shot. He was placed against

a wall and twentyfive soldiers ordered to riddle him with bullets.

England, France, and Germany have agreed to be neutral, and permit the policy of the United States to continue unhampered in the Mexican trouble.

The Roseland District Missionary Home was dedicated by Pres- 1. This ident Joseph F. Smith, in Chicago, Saturday, November

building is located on the south side, at 10723, Perry Avenue, where 2, there is a flourishing branch. On Sunday afternoon, November

the Logan Square Church and Mission Home, corner Wnghtwood and Sawyer avenues, were dedicated, President Smith officiating, and offering the dedicatory prayer. There were 675 persons at the ser-

L. D. S. NEW CHURCH BUILDING, AND MISSION HOUSE, CHICAGO

Cost about $25,000. Dedicated by President Joseph F. Smith, November 2, 1913.

vices. Bishop Charles W. Nibley spoke on what the Church had

accomplished in a temporal and social way; and President Joseph F.

Smith, on the doctrines of the Church. The new chapel is a very

cozy and pretty place, situated in a distinctly favorable location. At

the afternoon service, many were turned away on account of insufficient room, many strangers and a number of newspaper reporters were present. A Law student at the Chicago University

writes of President Smith's address: "It was by far the strongest

talk I have ever heard President Smith give; and perhaps the most

sincere, and for that reason the most striking talk I have heard any one give. No matter what one might think of the doctrines

of our Church, or of President Smith, I think anyone who heard him this afternoon could not doubt his sincerty of purpose, or his conviction that he was speaking and living the truth."

Scout Cheers or Yells While we are always working to maintain proper discipline at'our meetings, we must not forget that the boys are bottling up energy that requires an occasional vent', or safety valve. The cheers or yells

supply such a vent, and give rise to an increasing interest in the work.

These cheers or yells are of great value in bringing the boys together, making each one feel more closely related to the others. They are

also of special value at scout gatherings, and while on "hikes."The

following are suggested by Field Secretary Oscar A. Kirkham, and

may be used separately or together:

Zing a Zing! Boom! Boom!

Zing a Zing! Boom! Boom!

M. I. A. Scouts, Boom!

A-M-E-R-I-C-A Boy Scouts! Boy Scouts! U. S. A.

Let us all be loyal to our Western Industries

Keep the money here that's made here

in overalls E manThe Great Need of ourGreat Wet is FACTORIES, PAY ROLL BUILDERS.

Factories create employment, employment means population, population means a demand for FARM PRODUCTS AND LABOR.

THEN!! Get the "NeverRip"habit and insist on buying

Scowcroft's "NeverRip"Overalls Made in the West by Western maids. You can't buy

Overalls that are better made.

If you doubt this statement ASK THE MAN WHO WEARS THEM. Every

guarpair made to wear. A

antee goes with every pair. B wearing scowCROFTS

"NEVERRIP"Buy Them Try Them JOHN SCOWCROFT CO., Makers& SONS

HOME MADE GOODS

Hon. Heber J. Grant spoke recently, advising the use of home made goods.

He said, among other things:

I wear goods that are made in our own knitting factories; I stand up in

Z. C. M. I. shoes; they are good enough for me. And speaking of home made

shoes reminds me of a little story:

A number of years ago, in the Assembly Hall, Bishop George L. Farrell

announced that one reason why he bought home made goods was because he loved Bishop Farrell. He said, "If I buy home made goods, my money stays

at home, it circulates around, and I get a chance to secure a little of it occasionally."

You know they say, "opportunity has a large lock of hair on its forehead and is bald behind,"and that if you don't grasp the lock as it comes by, the hand will slip off, and opportunity is lost. Brother Farrell believed in grasping

opportunity: He said:

"I have been coming down here to conferences, from Cache Valley, once or twice a year for something over twenty years, and every time I have gone to the depot and could possibly get a gold piece, I put a mark on it. Knowing that the railroad was owned by eastern capitalists, I wanted to see if I

would ever get any of that money back, but I never did. When I bought

homemade goods I would put a mark on the money spent, and time and time again I got my home made marked money back again. To give you a practical illustration, on this identical trip, at the depot, at Smithfield, I saw a man

who had made some shoes for my children, and I handed him five dollars in payment. He saw another man at the depot to whom he owed five dollars,

and he gave him the five; and that man saw another and gave him the five;

and that man in turn saw another and gave him the five, and when the fourth man got it, he came up to me and said: 'Bishop Farrell, I owe you six dollars;

here is five on account, and I put the amount for my home made shoes back in my pocket."

I am not vouching for the exact language, but I am vouching for the facts, because I heard the talk. So, five dollars worth of home made shoes paid

twentyfive dollars worth of debts, as quick as I have been able to tell it to you, or as it took Brother Farrell to tell it.

There are more institutions in Utah making home made goods than most of us are aware. U.tah has 815 factories, which paid nearly twelve million dollars in wages, and twentytwo millions for raw materials, during 1912. Who

are the manufacturers, and where are the manufacturing plants? What is manufactured? Our readers are invited to notice and patronize the firms named

here. We invite all other manufacturers to make themselves known. Remember,

"If you have a message for the people, the IMPROVEMENT ERA can deliver it.

Monuments, Mantels and Tile, Cement Chimneys Mantels and Tile set in all parts of

Utah and Southern Idaho

Write for free catalogues of Mantels, also of Monuments

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

"WHERE THE FIRE BURNS"GEO. Q. MORRIS. Manager

21 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE ST., SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

UNION PORTLAND CEMENT CO., Ogden, "Red Devil"Cement. Plant at Devil's Slide.

STARTUP CANDY CO., Provo, Utah. 1000 varieties of candy.

BuyRoz and Mountain Mint Gum, and Magnolias.

SALT LAKE & JORDAN MILL & ELEVATOR CO., "White

Fawn"Flour, all kinds of Mill Stuff.

CENTRAL PLANING MILL CO., Interior Finish and Odd Mill

Work, Hardwood, Lumber and Builtup Panels. Veneers in Oak, Mahogany, Fir, Gum and Birch.

J. M. CHRISTENSEN PRODUCE CO., Wholesale Distributors

of "Meadow View Quality Butter,"Eggs and Cheese.

all kinds of Iron, Steel DAVIS, HOWE & CO., Manufacturers of

and Brass Work. 127 N. 1st West, Salt Lake City, Utah.

CUTLER BROS. CO., Manufacturers, Suits and Knit Goods.

Approved Garments mailed free to any destination.

WILLESHORNE DRUG CO., No. 8 Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Manufacturers of Toilet Articles and Family Remedies. Lambourne

Floral Department.

TAYSUM MFG. CO., Salt Lake City, Makers of Taysum's Burn

Salve, a superior treatment for skin diseases.

A. AD. RAMSEYER, 850 Ashton Ave., Salt Lake City. Homeopathic Remedies, 10 cents a vial,'contains 100 doses. Homeopathic Books.

G. P. KELLER MANUFACTURING CO., Board of Trade

Building, Salt Lake City, Utah, Scientific Instrument Makers. Specialties:

Precision Balances and Engineering Instruments.

SALT LAKE ORNAMENTAL IRON WORKS, R. L. Shepherd, Mgr. Iron Fencing, Stairways, Store Fronts, Bank, Office and

Elevator Work.

UTAH GAS & COKE CO., Gas for Light, Heat and Power;

Coke; Salt Lake City, Utah.

J. G. READ & BROS. CO., Harness, Saddles and Saddlery;

336340 Twentyfourth Street, Ogden, Utah.

YOUNG MEN: Your Sweetheart, your Wife, your Mother, will each appreciate a Good Book for Xmas. Your gift will be incomplete without one.

Our Xmas Cards and Books are the most carefully selected. Send us

your money and let us select for you. You'll be satisfied if you order

from the Deseret Sunday School Union Book Store 4446 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

IneOLSEN & GRIFFITH CO. OPPOSITE HOTEL UTAH

"The Photographers in Salt Lake City"(A SPECIAL KATE FOR MISSIONARIES/

The Junior M. I. A. Class teachers have a story in the November Era that

will bring the boys to attention. It is entitled "Courage,"by Apostle A. W.

Ivins. Why not have it read to the classes by a good reader?

Improvement Era, December, 1913

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

, 1 Heber J. Grant, Business ManagerJoseph F. Smith, | EEdward H. Anderson, ) Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS i Relief Party Entering Emigration Canyon Frontispiece

Sketch by Lee Greene Richards In Lighter Mood 95 Agricultural Conditions in Book of Mormon

Times Frank S. Harris, Ph. D 97

My Testimony of Joseph Smith the Prophet..Eunice Wilkinson 100

An Irrigation Parable Susa Young Gates 100

Why Art Thou Sad? A Poem Alfred Lambourne 101

Jim Bridger, "Our First Citizen"Preston Nibley 102 "Too Much to Do"William Halls 107

Belated Emigrants of 1856—11. Illustrated... Solomon F. Kimball 108

Peculiar Japanese Religion H. G. Ivins 118

Stake Superintendents Y. M. M. I. i\.—121

Birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith, With

Illustrations George Ed. Anderson 122

Forgiveness. A Poem John Greenleaf Whittier... 127

Voice of the Intangible—XIXXX Albert R. Lyman 128

Zion Cannot Be Denied Dr. George H. Brimhall 137

To Him Who Strives. A Story Josephine Spencer 141

God's Serving Angels. A Poem Edwin Arnold 156

The Morning Breaks. Hymn Set to Music...Parley P. Pratt

Evan Stephens 157 A Christmas Thought Lydia D. Alder 159

160Discoveries on the Colorado—II. Illustrated..Joseph F. Anderson Editor's Table—Greeting from the First Presidency Joseph F. Smith,

Anthon H. Lund,

C. W. Penrose 168

A Greeting to the Missionaries Dr. James E. Talmage..... 172

Why Pay Tithing? 174

Messages from the Missions *78

Priesthood Quorums'Tables—Important Rulings 180

I. A. Mutual Work—Changes in Y. M. M.

I. A. Coni sts Membership Age—M.

I. A. Mixedtests—SuggestiveDouble QuartetsOutlinesfor M.for I.M.A. ConFreshmen Class 181

Scout Yells 183 and 186 Passing Events 184 We have trained many of the successful business men of the West

Let us train you

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Highest Efficiency. Lowest Rates. Ask for our Circular. Phone Was. 320

RBMINGTON ATTTOI.OAPING RIFLE—ONE OF BROWNING'8 PATBKT8

Send for our Catalogue—150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

In it you -will find described the above Riile together with all other standard makes of firearms.

CO.. 8Sir BROWNING BROS.

ESTABLISHED 1860 INCORPORATED 1908

S. M. TAYLOR & CO.

UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS SUCCESSORS TO

E. JOSEPH TAYLOR

The Pioneer Undertaker off the West 53 years in one location 251253-255257 East First South St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

MODERN METHODS EFFICIENT SERVICE COMPLETE EQUIPMENT

WHBN WRlllM, JO.-iu, tijvj iojjiio,. ox;/-ioc viivTiON TtiH "HKA"

ROYAL SHOE REPAIRING CO. (INCORPORATED)

MAIN SHOP, 1 7 E. Broadway BRANCH, 1 07 So. W. Temple

Send your Shoes by Parcel Post

Our outof-town work is attended to the same day as received, and returned by pare* 1 post C. O. D.

We have regular enstomers in many towns in Utah, Idaho,

Wvoming and Nevada. Send your shoes for a trial.

We are the LAGBST SHOE REPAIRING COMPANY IN

THE WEST and are at your service.

PRICE LIST:

Men's Soles, sewed 75c Ladies'Soles, sewed 50c

Heels, straightened 25c Rubber Heels, 40c and 50c

Sewing and Patching, priced reasonably, according to work necessary.

All Work Fully Guaranteed Only Best Material Used

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joieph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePret. and General Mgr.

Axel B. C. Ohlson, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past three years

HOME OFFICE, VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Buy the Wagon that runs 40 per cent Lighter

Why shouldn't you when every other good wagon quality goes along with It?

pay the same HERE—lou as for a high grade wooden wagon and v ou get twice4the. V..life of.?.the best wooden made. wagon

It's a matter of simple eeouomy. Figure it out for yourself. No drying apart no resetting of tires, no breafcdowns, no repair bills. Any way you look at It the cheapestv Is the can buywagon you

DAVENPORT ROLLERBEARING STEEL WAGON

ALL STEEL GEARING. Angles, I-beams and channels, ste-1 In Its strongest forms

hot welded and put together like a bridge. STEEL WHEELS that are genuine trusses

weight borne ry all pnrts of the wheel ullke. HUB LIKE ANT AUTOMOBILE. Straight

spindles not tapering. ROLLERBEARINGS that are enclosed and protected from all

mud, water, sand and dust. OIL without removing wheels, SAVE YOUR HORSEFLESH AND SaVE YOUR POCKET BOOK. No other wagon like the Davenport none

as good. Don't buy a wagon till you know all anout it. Our catalog will explain all

Write for <t today CONSOLIDATED WAGON & MACHINE CO., UT5So,DTAH Si: y?t\NMEv.ADA

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE "ERA"