FEBRUARY 1957

At Last I Blue JeansWash PDwer"with"Cashmere Gentleness"

w A

Only new White King D has it You'll be D-lighted with D. For here at last is "Blue

Jeans Wash Power"—the special kind of wash

power that has the goget-'em that gets out dirt in the grimiest clothes.

Here, too, is a special kind of gentleness—"Cashmere

Gentleness"that is extra kind to your nicest things.

All this because of White King's very own formula—

the greatest advance in its field to make your work easier, and to wash everything that's washable more beautifully than you believed possible.

Discover new White King D today.

Hat and Sweater by Re WHITE jeans ''V,,. Not only for grimy

Here's exciting but for luscious cashmeres, too! KINO i proof that

New D is Yescashmere... twentywas times,washed20 intimesWhitethisKing$37.50D

Twenty Times (the same washday product that gets your $1.98 jeans so clean and bright).

Wonderful! Not a bit of color lost! And the feel?—as

soft as the day you said, "I'll take it"!

Exploring

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The last known passenger pigeon of the species died in the Cincinnati

Zoological Gardens in 1914. The passenger pigeon was killed off by man, as

the bison nearly was. At one time there

were sixty to seventyfive million bison roaming the plains from Canada to

Mexico. A single herd numbered up to

four million, covering an area twentyfive by fifty miles.

17 ive scientists recently spent two months camping on a 1,300foot glacier in Greenland. They found that

the ice field was moving about a foot a day. Large cracks or crevasses developed varying from a few inches to 100

feet in width, up to 150 feet deep, and were sometimes miles long.

A bout 45 percent of human blood is -*- composed of red cells, which carry the oxygen. White cells, so important

in fighting disease, number about one to every 750 red cells. In addition to the

antibodies against varying infections, recent research has found at least ten substances involved in clotting, 20 different enzymes, fatcontaining proteins, metalcontaining proteins, hormones, albumins, and probably others. New

methods of separating and preserving these different substances in the blood make possible further research on their properties and their more efficient use in medicine.

F he typical loaf of bread made by the * baking"industry has changed considerably in recent years. In 1926 a

pound loaf of bread was eight inches long and each ounce occupied a volume of six cubic inches. A halfinch slice

in 1926 weighed one ounce and had 78 calories with twelve square inches crosssection. A pound loaf of present

commercial bread is slightly less than ten inches long, and each ounce occupies ten cubic inches. A halfinch slice

slightly weighs threefourths more than * PURITY furnishes of an ounce, 63 calories, and has a crosssection of 16 square inches. PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX POCATELLO

FEBRUARY 1957 65

Mr. Nehru's Visit

SM: by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Anofevent1956occurredwhich mayin theinfluenceclosing daysthe HisAmericans,words butseemedthis strangeis all theto manymore world for years to come. That event reason for listening.

Was the visit of Pandit Jawaharlal Naturally, we listened for words

Nehru, to the United States. He and favorable and friendly towards our point

President Eisenhower spent at least of view. America's opportunity in

twentysix hours together in confidential Nehru's visit, however, was not to hark talk, between December 17 and Decemfor condemnation of the Russians, but ber 20, most of it at the American to listen to the voice of Asia speaking; to

President's farmhouse at Gettysburg, listen to the spiritual and political leader

Pennsylvania. How could such conof 380 millions, to the head of a state

versations shape the world of the future? that recognizes and deals with Red

Here are some considerations. China. India has problems of its own

CURTIS politicalNehru leaderis a spiritualof nearlyas 380wellmillionas a with(in theChina,Himalayanwith Russiafrontier(throughcountries)the

KITCHEN humanhabit thebeings.strategicThoseIndian380 millionspeninsula,inworldNorthwest(throughfrontier),PakistanwithandtheKashmir)Islamic

which dominates the traffic of the Inand, because of these frontal connechas the beauty and warmth dian Ocean, including the Persian Gulf, tions, has much to say to us about the of natural wood. thestretchBay eastwardof Bengal,throughand the thewatersMalayanwhich futureAs thisof thecolumnworld.has tried to suggest

of since 1950, a balance about new Pacific. Straits to the South build, or you remodel enjoy When

is politically, in the making. power, is world's the of one of the India home the natural of with charm wood

talks missions diplomatic and religions, also Nehru's greatest India Hinduism.

... readyto-install Curtis cabinets

designed by women for women. gave to the world Buddhism, which, alduring the past few months may not

You'll find a Curtis Kitchen a revethough not too significant in India tohave been the mos't important in the lation in comfortable working quarday, is one of the great religious systems world. But they are symbolic of new

times, patevents, new new forces, new of of Asia. the rest ters stooping, bending and—less shall live and terns with which we is a India to our understanding of key

... stretching. cabinets Streamlined

distinctive hardware. Available in Asia. India has been under western work in decades ahead. Nehru and

natural birch to fit every size or European influence, chiefly British but India, especially, represent a unique shape of kitchen. If you prefer gay also French and Portuguese, for two force for peace in the world. The roots

colors, decorate as desired. centuries, and is also a means whereby are found in the Indian foreign policy

Asia sees the West, including Europe of neutralism, "nonalignment"or "non-

A FEW OF 53 CURTIS FEATURES andNehru,the Unitedborn inStates.India in 1889, was rootsinvolvement,"in Indianwhichexperiencepolicyandhasin deepthe

irH educated at Harrow and Cambridge, Hindu religion.

Swing Shelves great seats of western learning. He has Americans have been prone to disExtra storage space also been in Russia, China, and other miss Indian influence, at the UN and

in both base and important parts of the world. elsewhere, as either being proRussian

wall units. Chou Enlai, the Red Chinese preor wishywashy. Neutralism on the

mier, visited Nehru in New Delhi in part of India, and on the part of the

December 1956, immediately prior to AsianAfrican "bloc,"socalled, has

Sliding Bins fruit, Nehru's departure to see Mr. Eden in been thoughtlessly termed proRussian for Ideal

vegetables, pans London, Mr. Eisenhower in Washingby some. Nehru said some things durand utensils. ton, and Mr. St. Laurent and Mr. Pearing his American visit which reveal his

son in Canada. Nehru and Chou were country's attitude in a clearer light.

scheduled to meet again in New Delhi, (1) He condemned Russian intervenPass-Through Shelves December 30, 1956. tion in Hungary. (2) He condemned

Open on both sidesNehru expressed himself in the US BritishFrench intervention in Egypt save your steps. as hoping to be able to serve as a and Suez in the same terms, as having

"bridge of understanding"between East been equally revolting. To our view,

and West. Towards such a "bridge,"comfortably seated in the USA, the

AT YOUR LOCAL he spoke frankly about some problems. (Continued on page 69)

LUMBER DEALER

Distributed by MORRISONMERRILL A CO. SE TIMES

Building Material Distributors 66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Books That Deserve to Be Read

Bring your Church library up to date with these five great books MOTHERHOOD, A PARTNERSHIP WITH GOD

Compiled by Harold Lundstrom This authoritative volume, containing the words of the general authorities and others, is certain to contribute to the success and happiness of every wife and mother. Delightful reading. $3.50

CHOOSE YE THIS DAY

By Emma Marr Petersen Here is a fascinating book which collegeage youth will find stimulating and provocative. Purely fictional in its approach, it dramatically reveals the struggle

which some students face in reconciling science and worldliness with religious truths. $2.00

I ETERNAL QUEST By Hugh B. Brown

Already approaching the bestseller ranks, this muchwanted volume is filled with rich, soulstirring stories and experiences... told with skilful and

picturesque language. Also contains some of Elder Brown's choicest discourses

and his "Rational Faith"series. $3.50

GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH IN ENGLAND

AND WALES By Frank Smith and David E. Gardner

If you are interested in tracing your ancestry in England and Wales, this volume by two longtime genealogical workers will save you many hours of research.

Contains a wealth of information and expert knowhow to help you unlock the past. $3.00

IT'S YOUR LIFE TO ENJOY By Wendell J. Ashton

Here are 52 short discussions on more abundant living by a writer with a rare talent for conciseness. From the covers of "The Instructor,"it is filled with real

life drama and fine entertainment. $2.50

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiii minim uiiiiinmiin mi illinium i inn in milium 1 iinmiiii iiiiiiiiiiimimiiinmii iiiiiimn mini imiiiii lining

m

:!! Ill

DELUXE BINDERS TEMPLE BINDERS

Expandable. Rich leatherette emExpandable. Rich leatherette embossed with gold. Five temples bossed with gold. Five temples

from which to choose. Heavy duty from which to choose. $3.00

hinge. $5.00

,11111111111 i i m i nun i m in iiiiiiiii mini! miiii in 'in in miiininimiliniimihimninillllinnillllllllllllllllll i miiiinni nimniiiiimiiiiiiiiil

AVAILABLE

AT BOOKCRAFT DEALERS BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

EVERYWHERE mmmm \ \ m t m \ m 1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-7911

FEBRUARY 1957 67 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS. MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60 NUMBER 2

OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints FEBRUARY 1957

The Voice of the Church

THE COVER

Reminiscent of the agricultural skyline of bygone times is Bob Taylor's fullcolor reproduction of the old windmill, which serves as our cover this month.

The Editor's Page DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS

The Eternal Verities.President David O. McKay 77 Editors

Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor Church Features Marba C. Josephson

Associate Managing Editor Your Question: "Multiply and Replenish"Joseph Fielding Smith 78 Elizabeth J. Moffitt

"We Walk By Faith"(A Reprint) John A. Widtsoe 89 Production Editor

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Jesus Begins His Ministry—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—VIII—Research Editor

Doyle L. Green 96

Eileen Gibbons The Church Moves On 72 Melchizedek Priesthood 112 Manuscript Editor 74 Presiding Bishopric's Page 114 Be and Win.. Honest with Yourself—Run: Genealogy 86 Archibald F. Bennett

G. Homer Durham

Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Special Features Milton R. Hunter

Hugh Nibley "I Cannot Read a Sealed Book"Stanley H. B. Kimball 80 Lee A. Palmer

What the Priesthood Has Meant to my Family Kathryn Lau Tanner 83 Claude B. Petersen

A Challenge to Parents Antone K. Romney 84 Sidney B. SperryContributing Editors There Were Jaredites—"Our Own People"Concluded Hugh Nibley 94

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 79, 100, 104, 122 ELBERT R. CURTIS

Perfect ThoughtModels Estella Craft Tremble 113 General Manager

Right and Wrong Knows No Creed Harold S. Manwaring 125 BERTHA S. REEDER

Associate Manager Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. These Times, Mr. Nehru's Visit, G.

Harris, Jr 65 Homer Durham 66 Verl F. Scott

Your Page and Ours 128 Business Manager

Today's Family A, Glen Snarr Subscription Director Helping Your Child Prepare for School, Milk, Butter, Free and Eggs—For You!

Scott 116 Boyer Joan Norman Ruth 120 Thayer EvansRegional Advertising

Representative

editorial and business offices

Stories, Poetry 50 North Main Street

YMMIA Offices, 50 North Main St.

To Be a King—Part I Hugh J. Cannon 92 YWMIASaltOffices,Lake City40 North16, UtahMain St.

Frontispiece, After Prayer, Ruby Zagoren 75 Carpenter, Lori Petri 124

Poetry Page 76 National Advertising Representatives townsend, millsap & CO.

in Sutter St.

San Francisco, California Copyright 1956 by Mutual Funds, Inc., and published by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the TOWNSEND, MILLSAP & CO.

of Christ JesusChurch of Latterday Saints. rights reserved. All Subscription

;in price, $2.50 a year, Los672 AngelesLafayette57,ParkCaliforniaPlace advance foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance copy.; 25c single

at theEntered Post Office, Salt as Lake secondclass matter. for City, Utah mailing Acceptance ASSOCIATES SANGSTQN at SADLER AND ratespecial provided for of postage 1103. in section 2, of October 1917, authorized 1918. Act July 342 Madison Ave.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions. New York IT, N. Y.

forManuscripts are paid acceptance on at the rate of suffiword and be l%c a accompanied by must DAVIS & SONScient for delivery postage return. and St. N. LaSalle 30

days'Thirty notice required for of address. change change, ordering a include please address Illinois When Chicago,

issue a recent ofslip from the magazine. changes Address unless cannot the be old address made as

well as the new one is included. Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

.

These Times

(Continued 66) from page

parallel.'latter case But Earn More—With Safety hardly seemed

to understand their parallel nature in

Nehru's eyes is to understand the new

Christopher Columbia Says..world that is under construction in SAVE

Africa and Asia. We will not attempt

an explanation of the latter. But let |Make Your Savings"us attempt merely to understand Nehru's MAIL!

mind in the matter, as a single key. Pay YOU... He also discussed the US military alliances with Mr. Eisenhower, viewed Make your money earn the most..

them rather dimly, and suggested disbig 4%. Experienced lending... low

armament and cooperation through the overhead... and no gifts let us

UN as a better solution. In fact, he share the earnings with you. Invest

criticized the carrying forward of a cold with complete safety in this statewar by America and Russia as being government supervised company.

"fundamentally and morally wrong."All money received until the 15th

What is the key then? Why are Suez of the month, earns from the

and Hungary parallel cases in Nehru's 1st. Open an account now

mind? either in person or by mail.

On the "policy surface"of his mind STATE (and that of many Asians and Africans), m {SUPERVISED any power that dominates another is Elbert R.

reprehensible. All colonialism is bad, PresidentCurtis

whether Russian, American, British, or IN SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. Robert V.

French. SUGAR 1056 EAST 21ST SOUTH ST. Hodgen

Americans do not, on the whole, make HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH ViceExec.Pres.

the same value judgment. We would OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS*

argue that any Soviet (or communist) Elbert R. Curtis T. J. Christiansen Louis H. Collister

domination of any country or part of the Dr. J. Le Roy Kimball Leo L. Capson Sid N. Cornwall

world is bad. However, British or J. Fred Ping ret? Dee F. Anderson George A. Dixon

French domination would not, ipso facto, be necessarily bad, but would turn on the nature of a particular case.

In some instances it might be bad. In

others it might not be so bad. At

least it would be better than Russian, and in some cases might actually be good.

So would Americans reason. But

Nehru, most Asians, and most Africans, would put the Russians, the British, the

French, and the Americans all in the same package; and a colonialistic threat

from one would be considered as bad as from another—at least in the thinking

and emotional stages.

Why this view? Because of two

centuries'experience as colonials with thwarted aspirations! We should reMake This Your Year to enjoy Oregon's

member that to India the British are renowned scenic playlands, the many kinds of the historic oppressers. And even though recreation available and the Western friendliness

these oppressors quoted Shakespeare, of this state's people. Let the magic of modern

dressed for dinner, and preached serhighways make for you an unforgettable blend mons from the New Testament, they of Oregon's ocean beaches; shining mountains;

were still India's conquerors. evergreen forests; open rangelands; clear lakes,

rivers waterfalls; geologic and wonderlands;

there deeper reais another But and Bicycling is fun on Oregon's trails, historic parks. and of hundreds and Come

for in smooth viewpoint. the differenceson sandy beaches. ocean for It enjoy them. booklet. Send coupon Oregon

is the Hindu outlook on life, time, fortune, politics, and the universe itself. MAIL COUPON FOR FREE BOOKLET

The American, cultured in the sharper value judgments of Judaism and the SEE ALL OF TRAVEL INFORMATION, Room 217

Christian religion, descended from Highway Dept., Salem, Oregon

Adam, Shem, and Abraham, through BY DRIVING SCENIC HIGHWAYS Please send free color booklet to:

Isaac, Jacob, and Joseph (the chosen ones) rather than through Ham, AddressJapheth, Ishmael, or Esau. He looks

askance at his human brethren and City (Continued on page 70) Zone Sfare FEBRUARY 1957 69

SAMSONITE SUPPORTS These Times (Continued from page 69) cist for every four million. He wants

Indian to produce cow the 7,000 judges of the quickly in them more termsOVER 1,200 POUNDS pounds of milk year the each American inheritance, evil. good, and The

Hindu's outlook is different, and reprecows produce instead of 500 pounds.

IN REMARKABLE TEST! sents a challenge to our own educaHe wants their hens, who lay 50 eggs

tion and understanding of the world. each year, to lay 150 like the American

We have said Nehru was a spiritual hens. But he also sees China, Russia,

leader. He is. But American and other Britain, France, and the United States

western readers should not misunderin the perspective of a child of India:

stand the meaning of this phrase. We Eisenhower and Eden will return to

would normally interpret it in terms Brahman, as Stalin has already done, of a great spiritual leader waging acand as Mao and Chou and Nehru will, tive spiritual warfare (with peaceful to be mixed up in the materials of the means, we hope) for "righteousness."universe and replaced from the same

The imagery of John Milton's Paradise stuff. Meanwhile, peace is important,

Lost, of St. George slaying the dragon, both for social progress and for Hindu

or of Woodrow Wilson trying to make spirituality, as well as being essential the world safe for democracy comes to the contemplation of eternal union immediately to mind. Spiritual leaderwith God. Therefore India will be

ship in America and the West is allied friendly with the United States and with the ideal of human betterment, with Red China at the same time and individual improvement, and social try to promote their mutual recogniprogress. The right must prevail, we tion in the interests of peace.

believe, s'o that man's destiny, his inMuch in the lines above reflects a dividual and social progress, can be profound ignorance of Mr. Nehru, his

fulfilled. Westerners, moreover, especialcountry, his great, suffering people, and

ly Americans, are in a hurry to achieve the Hindu religion that has fed them this progress. for centuries. One must offer apologies

We have, in short, as the basis for our for attempting to explain their point of view of spirituality, a value system view. But perhaps the attempt is justiwhich has deep roots in the idea of fied by adding this suggestion: that the

progress. We have difficulty underleaders of the future must eventually

standing millions of Hindus endlessly replace this ignorance with underchewing leaves and betel nuts, sleeping standing. Along with the teaching of

fourteen hours a day, stepping calmly science and mathematics being urged, through filth and dead or dying bodies the future must find and hold room in in their streets. We would say, "What the social studies of the high schools

a shame!"—and organize to combat the and colleges for comparative cultures,

evil. We little understand that the including the Islamic, Hindu, and

Hindu chews his leaf in order to extract Buddhist religions. For the underDramatic Proof: It's the strongest thata caloriehe orsleepstwo tobecausekeep hishe bodyis undergoing; standingfamiliar withof India,the intricacieswe mustof thebecomeconcept of Brahman of and of Brahma, nourished and his weak; that of lackfolding chair for every use! Vishnu, and Shiva; of the. incarnation nutrition is productivity and by bound

Imagine—the famous Wazzan centuries of tradition, plus his own of the BrahmanVishnu as Rama and

Troupe put their combined weight spiritual outlook. Krishnu; of the idea of the tenth reof more than 1200 pounds on this What is his view? Hindu spirituality incarnation of this Christlike personage

allsteel Samsonite chair! means to divest one's self of the world, (in Hindu theology, some 425,000 years

Yet, remarkably enough, it to find eternal peace and union with hence) as Kalki. Some of us, to underdidn't buckle one bit—stayed as Brahman (the Hindu deity, not to be stand Mr. Nehru's people, will have to

strong and firm as ever! confused with Brahma, one of the aslearn to read the BhagavadGita, or

Here is extraordinary proof pects of deity). All things flow toward "The Song of God."It contains great

that Samsonite is the sturdiest, Brahman, endlessly. Every 4,320,000,000 lines such as these, attributed to Vishnumost practical folding chair you years, a new universe may be created, Krishna: "I am the truth and the joy

can have. It's the smartest, toobut, it is just like the old one. Much forever.... He who takes refuge in me

designed in 10 beautiful decocan be detected concerning the Indian shall pass beyond Maya."

rator colors that transform every posture in international politics from the World politics in these times is more room with new brightness! pacifism and "neutralism"(or noncomplicated than an understanding of

involvement) of Gandhi and from the the world's great religions. But he

ascetic discipline of the yogi who sits or who makes, criticizes, or contributes tostands endlessly, trancelike, seeking wards foreign policy for the United Samsonite union with the eternal spirit. States of America nowadays needs this

allsteel folding As a Hindu of the highest (Brahmin) fundamental grounding in human bechairs in 10 caste, Nehru is also seeking union with havior.

the infinite Brahman. But, educated at The Eisenhower administration is

decorator colors Harrow and Cambridge, he is also incurrently engaged in trying to mold

Bros., Shwayder for in social Inc., terested India. progress Israel, Christendom, He freely and Islam

Institutional Seating is is dissatisfied that there only one friendly world neighborhood. into a new Division, Dept. 1E2

Detroit 29, Mich. doctor for every 6,000 Indians, one In the long run, the common view in

IN CANADA, THROUGH SAMSONITE OF CANADA, LTD. nurse for every 300,000, one pharma- (Concluded on page 119)

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Messages of Inspiration

2. FOR BEHOLD

YE ARE FREE A New book of selected

Lynn McKinlay This collection of lectures by Lynn

McKinlay ciples: that stressesman twois madebasic LDSafter printhe addresses by the General Authorities

image of God and that man has been blessed by his Creator with free agency.

The author feels these doctrines are incidentand quotesto allscripturesLDS religiousto supportconceptshis of the Church views. In the matter of free agency,

responsibility man's evil and andgood also topics choice arefor his of con- W*** This collection contains thirtythree important addresssideration.

$2.25 es by the General Authorities, selected by the General

Authorities themselves as most timely and signif-3. TEACHINGS OF THE

repentincludes: icant. variety of subjects The wide DOCTRINE AND

equality, appreciachastity, reverence, prayer, ance, COVENANTS

William E. Berrett jk$fiM tion, faith, charity and many others.

out, in this Berrett highlyElder points book, stimulatinginformative how $3.75 and

revelations provide personal directives to members of the LDS Church in their manner of living as well as in providing the basis of Church government. This is certainly a book that will

lead to a better understanding of the

Restored Gospel.

$3.00 4. TEACHINGS OF THE

NEW TESTAMENT -'![---:

Dr. Lowell L. Bennion

This thoughtprovoking book will arouse enthusiasm for the teachings of Jesus

Christ as found in the New Testament, in his inimitable way, Dr. Bennion hasmade an additional contribution to the MESSAGES

LDS concepts of our Lord and Savior.

His analysis of Jesus'divine instructions and their application to the lives of people in modern times make this book a must for Latterday Saints.

$3.50 5. STORIES THAT LIVE STORIES

Lucy G. Thomson,e t. TtE S-a

to find the wish those whoFor exact that LIVE collecthis a speech, to pointstory up tion of famous and timely stories will prove a boon. Over the years the author has been gathering this collection

from newspapers, magazines and books.

These stories have been tested for their usefulness by direct application in many classroom preparations.

$1.00 6. DISCOURSES OF THE

PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH Discos of the Fk# Compiled by Alma P. Burton

utterances of important the mostMany the are conJOSEPH Smith Joseph Prophetby tained in this book, including such subjects as forgiveness, love, baptism, DESERET BOOK COMPANY of Israel, missionof dutiesgathering SMITH 44 East South Temple others. dead, for thearies, baptism and

reveal utterances the prophet'sThese strength of character and Salt Lake City, Utahremarkable vigor of personality. Learn in the Gentlemen:

thoughtprophet's words what he own principles that were Enclosed you will find check money order charge to my theand felt about revealed to him.

: $ for the encircled $3.00 account for the following amount

(numbered) books: 12 3 4 5 6

Name, H#.MWfo Address

City. Zone State DeserctSBooh"44 East South Temple - Salt Like City. UtahOh- J Residents of Utah intlude 2% sales tax

FEBRUARY 1957 71 The church moves On to Day Chronology of Church Events A Day

November 1956 formerfirst president,presidentandofEldersUintahCharlesStake, L.asFoxits foundingChurch inofthetheRockySundayMountainSchools area.of the

and Ernest Lee Caldwell as his coun- [W Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant selors. Elder Fox served with PresiElder LeGrand Richards of the

to the Council of the Twelve, dent Wallis as his first counselor in the pr Council of the Twelve dedicated dedicated the chapel of the Covina Uintah Stake. With a total memberthe chapel of the Mound Fort Ward,

Ward, Covina (California) Stake. ship of 3,045 members the new unit Farr West (Utah) Stake.

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the consists of Ashley, Glines, Lapoint, Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the Maeser First, Maeser Second, Tridell, to the Council of the Twelve, dedicated chapel of the Hill Spring Ward, AlVernal First, and Vernal Fifth wards. the chapel of the Logan Twentieth

berta (Canada) Stake. Elder Franklin R. Walker, formerly Ward, East Cache (Utah) Stake.

second counselor to President Wallis in Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant

the Uintah Stake presidency was susto the Council of the Twelve, delivered [gk. The Southern California region tained as president of Uintah Stake, the radio address on the National

of the Church welfare plan was with Elders Charles B. O'Neil and Broadcasting Company's "Faith in Acdivided to form three regions—Los Clyde R. Anderson as his counselors. tion"series.

Angeles, San Fernando, and Southern Uintah Stake, with a membership of

California. 3,124, consists of Vernal Second, Vernal Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant

Third, Vernal Fourth, Davis, Jensen, to the Council of the Twelve,

Naples, and Rangely wards. upon a special mission representing the Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant

to the Council of the Twelve, Elders Spencer W. Kimball and First Presidency and the General Audedicated the chapel of the Virden Marion G. Romney of the Council of thorities, laid the cornerstone of the

Ward, Mt. Graham (Arizona) Stake. the Twelve effected these changes. New Zealand Temple, now under conTucson Stake organized from portions struction at Hamilton. Placed in the

of Southern Arizona Stake with Elder cornerstone box before it was sealed

President David O. McKay dediLeslie O. Brewer, formerly first counwere copies of the Bible, the Book of

cated the Florida Stake Taberselor in the Southern Arizona Stake Mormon in English and Maori, Docnacle which also serves as the chapel presidency sustained as president, and trine and Covenants, Pearl of Great of the Jacksonville Second Ward. Elders Richard E. Martin and Basil Price, copies of Church and New ZeaElder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the O. Peterson sustained as his counselors. land mission publications, Gospel Ideals

Council of the Twelve, dedicated the With a membership of 2,781, Tucson by President David O. McKay, lists of

chapel of the Eastland Branch, San Stake consists of Tucson First, Tucson labor missionaries working on the temJuan (Utah) Stake. Second, Tucson Third, Tucson Fourth, ple, accounts of President McKay's visit

and Nogales wards, and Hayden and to the area several years ago, accounts

San Manuel branches. of the building of the temple to date,

December 1956 President Jared J. Trejo was retained currentcornerstonenewspapers,ceremonies,a programand variousof the

as president of Southern Arizona Stake, other items. This is the second temple

Of the 20,111 achievement with Elder Bruce M. Gibson advanced to be built by the Church in the islands

awards presented by the YWMIA from second to first counselor, and of the Pacific, the first being in Hawaii.

during the year ending May 31, 1956, Elder Spencer C. Merrill sustained as The New Zealand Temple will be

General President Bertha S. Reeder ansecond counselor. Bisbee, Douglas, Fry, similar in design to the one recently

nounced that 514 were for Golden Pomerene, St. David, and Whitewater dedicated in Switzerland and the one

Gleaners, 2,157 were to Silver Gleaners, wards are now included in Southern being built in England.

10,344 to Mia Joys, and 7,016 to Honor Arizona Stake, as are the Agua Prieta,

Bees. Her report also disclosed that Cananea, and Willcox branches. The

161,982 women were enrolled in the stake membership is 2,091. Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council the of delivered the Twelve of year, their close of at theYWMIA L. Elders Delbert Stapley Leand in radio address "Faith the Action"on in registered the were 35,002which of the of Richards Grand Council the series of Broadcasting National the Comthe in 24,605 department;Gleaner in of this charge were conferTwelve pany.

classes; 22,438 Mia GleanerJunior ence. services in held were Appropriate the in Hive Bee 29,588 andMaids

of the branches and Church wards many engroups. were 17,500 There women

first fiftyan- the hundred honoring one classes. Interestrolled in the Special

of the birth of HW Elder Marion D. Flanks of the the niversary Prophet

It was announced that Elders Ralph First Council of the Seventy deJoseph Smith.

D. Thomson and J. Roman Andrus had livered the first of a series of LDS

been appointed to the general board, addresses on the "Faith in Action"series of the Deseret Sunday School Union. of the radio network of the National jjfW President David O. McKay dediBroadcasting Company. )T cated the new additions to the

Arizona Temple at Mesa. Later in the

kW Ashley Stake organized from porThe last of the 1956 stake conferences day he dedicated the new Bureau of tions of Uintah (Utah) Stake, were held throughout the Church. Information, adjacent to the Arizona

with President William Budge Wallis, This was the 107th anniversary of the Temple.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New EASYLOAD Manure Spreader

4 r\

\V i 1

..rv;

"SSWJREAR AND}B-—

: i -;.*:;::

PULVERIZES for Faster Plant.: <:J,; V.. Feeding

Manure is valuable—worth up to $1500 a year

from the average herd. A new pulverizing

spreader now makes manure even more valuable—and easier to load!

The PTOdriven, AllisChalmers Front

Spreader pulverizes... spreads clean and low

... out of the wind to protect the operator.

Beaters and rotary slingers are fully enclosed like a hammer mill to process and shred every particle.

You'll like front unloading for many more reasons. You can tractorload over both rear

and sides... from hardto-reach sheds and

corners, or around barn cleaners.

pile on the tonnage! Even in mud or snow—The load moves forward as you spread—keeps

loadweight on tractor drive wheels for traction.

Matched to the easyon-andoff AllisChalmers Tractor Loader, the new ruggedly built AllisChalmers spreader speeds hauling.

Ask your dealer where and when you can see the new A-C easyload spreader, priced for the frontspreads a clean new way! average farm.

LISTEN! National Farm ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

and Home Hour Every SaturdayNBC M>ALLISCHALMERS Engineering in Action

FEBRUARY 1957 73 ALLEN'S PHOTO STORES

PRESENT IN THRILLING 3-D RUN AND WIN "CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST ll life is a race which everyone in heaven good deeds done here? If

OF LATTERDAY SAINTS A'wantscan win,to win.for weHappily,run notallagainstof us theseself andare forthe thosesights youyou cherish,set for youryour HISTORIC PLACES AND

TEMPLES"one another but against ourselves. high aims must be matched by conMoreover, we set our own handicaps. stant and increasing daily endeavor.

SMITH'S JOSEPH BIRTHPLACE These handicaps are the times and To win you must run and not grow JAIL CARTHAGE

SACRED GROVE the measures, the ambitions and the weary; you must not faint or falter a

PICTURES OF THE TEMPLES goals we set for ourselves. But once single step before the race is won.

SALT LAKE PROVO having set our sights, it's up to us Don't slow your pace by breaking 24 Highland North 2957 Drive University whether we win or lose in the race. training rules or shorten your stride

Young man, young woman, what in the running of the race. To win

Pocatello 14 South St. 223 Main No. Main are your goals in tli race of life: the race of life, you must keep physiHealth, long life, business success,* cally, mentally, and spiritually fit.

your be do less than FALLS peoof good and great To the friendship IDAHO OGDEN less—to Park 25th 340 and

is to best cheat yourself ple, your and a comfortable home, a happy Avenue Washington family, security for self and loved loved ones of the rewards which be- | Please send the following: ones, faith in a more glorious future long only to winners.

2 $ 00 'get life mark, your a inner wellearned with assurThen—on set—go!

| $ 1.00 ] Packet LDS Church——Father that a loving will reward ance YOURSELF WITH BE HONEST

i $ 1.00 I Salt Packet Lake City—

1 Viewmaster Jr. Projector $ 9.95 |

WE SPECIALIZE IN BOOK OF REMEMBRANCE

PICTURES

every food element Everincreasing TOis WRITE in popularity prices—FREE DAYretained!for

that Everyone knows facisl recipes—food cereal other bread and

foods with whole made freshly grain ground FLOUR SPECIALOFFER—is tastier richer far and introfor Send coupon

in nutrihealth-giving offer 5-lb. of ductory

it's the ments. And pkg.. Deaf Smith wheat

wise somewhere—home flour, richAmerica's

is thing done about in it. est food elements,

select or -Minn., efficient, the Rapid—flour stone wheat Electric Wis.—Lee Household

it's the ground day FlourMill reduces whole shipped. for fluffy flour grain to

penny of a a fraction all, LEE ENGINEERING CO. of pound. Best a

it's STONE GROUND—Milwaukee 3, Wis.

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., I.E.

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis.

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50

WIS. -MINN. FLOJR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00

Name

Street

City State

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Leland Van Wagoner photo

After Prayer by Ruby Zagoren JVLore beautiful than the prayer

Is the peace that follows 'As simple as dawn Beyond the dark;

Soft as sunlight After showers.

Prayer... then, peace.

FEBRUARY 1957 75 PRAYER OF THE LONELY

By Zara Sabin

r|EAR Lord, wert thou ever lonely,

Alone as I am tonight, While darkness and memories hover

Glooming the pale twilight?

Wert thou ever alone and lonely?

A foolish question to ask, Thou who wert friendless and homeless

And yet forgot not thy task!

Thou, the lone Man of great sorrows!

Thou, who wert burdened with grief!

Thou, with thy blood shed for others

Did not ask even then for relief!

YOUR VALENTINE A WISH Forget thou my wavering weakness;

By Gladys Martin By Golda K. Hedberg Strengthen my faltering heart;

Teach me thy loving compassion|>lease don't think me forward—That I could live forever, That I, too, may learn the art

Valentine is here! And you, forever and a day, Of easing my brothers'burdens,

And I don't have a symbol That I be spared the tears of knowing you Their fears, and their wants, and may

Lace and ribbon sheer, had passed away. see

Climbed and spilled with flaming That enriching the lives of thy children

And star frilly gold That I could take your sorrow Will draw us all nearer to thee!

Where a giddy bluebird Or sadness of the heart,

Glimmers in each fold That you be spared the pain of mortal

Or a satin Cupid wounds while we're apart. YOU ARE MY SONG

Wings a shimmered dart, But I hope you want it anyway That I could take your heartache, By Catherine E. Berry

I'm sending you my heart. And leave you only joy,

That you would have no need for tears, Fins writing poetry can be which only faith destroy. A song torn from the heart of me;

WITH YOU A word, a phrase, a jeweled line,

That I could give you happiness Is woven into each design

By Jane Merchant And never let you know That mirrors beauty or delight,

That I had done these things for you be- A frosty dawn, a starshot night;

||ur love is gentle and good, cause I love you so! A love so deep, a dream so fair,

Bringing our hearts redress. A vision of cloudcastled air.

I would tell you, if I could, -All that I think and feel and know

It has banished my loneliness. Is captured in its moontinged glow;

WONDERLAND But always, when the task is through,

One heart can never be known I find the heart of it is you.

Entirely, by another, By Bertha Goddard

But with you I am less alone Than with any other. /ood books are friends. Accept them joyTHEA

ously. "By Ila Lewis Funderburgh

If you would learn, they serve you willingly. THE RUG WEAVER

all of lore the to bring you They manis bright; TThea's quick smile and Robison Higbee Alma By kind;

is fun. Life such

if for laughter, look can you you And is full of love Thea's heart are twisted, jiands gnarled but andXJer find

For everyone.** It, lose gaiety. art too, yourself in the and

gift of the joy has Thea has created old halfworn fromShe and ends; never That

side, side things, in they rows even There, by all in finds the world Thea stand, revives redyed, the weary andWashed friends. Only to of slaves sages, heart; host your.command, A

For here, above the green sea waves, white A world of entertainers. Every whim

wings Of fancy is portrayed, either gay or PERRY'S SPRING grim. are etched upon a sky as blueOf gulls

tall lapis ship's sparAs gems. No They beckon you to roam in wonderland. By Mary Gustafson the sea distance,Breaks wide but woven

through trickled place a out water where found Je far sky there the ocean and meet,Where *-*- the mountainside. through dug Upon He is of sunset flame caught mutedAnd BREAD

crust I splendor. goldIn crimson and know

lay rock and where dampness Of loam heart fingers a oldThat remembered and Rae Cross By about wrought for his sought out needs. water And He long that and blossomed grew dreamA bread, pray take it thoughtmust ago. When YOU take

fully, Have moisture for the trees and plants that

PLUM TREE IN WINTER When you take bread, value and care for it; grew

Do not waste it nor treat it casually, Where soil lay deep. The hill held this

By Ethel Jacohson From seed to loaf—its aim—man's benefit. stored up

When you take bread, think of the beauty From winter rains and flakes of snow. He

C'ach sturdy bough there, knew

Invites your gaze, Beauty of soil and of the sun's bright rays, Where tricklings dropped there must be

Heaped with glittering The soft caress of winds and rains and air, more to cup

Displays The patient toil and man's unplanned For house to fill the urgent need of those delays. Who made his house a home. He dug

With drifts of snowflakes When you take bread, think of those now through shale

Fragile, light hungry, * And blasted to the source. Now water flows

As clouds of petals, Of millions who still cry for bread in vain, Beyond the brimming height of barrel or

Pristine, bright—Of pale mothers who weep when a baby pail.

Oft tugs at breasts that life cannot sustain.

Improvising Our Lord blessed bread; he bade us do the Here tired or weary ones may slake their

A salesman's room same, thirst

With samples of When you take bread, bless it in his dear Because determined man made first things

Next season's bloom. name. first!

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Eternal

Verities

Forwords,whosoeverof him shallshall thebe Sonashamedof man ofbe meashamed,and ofwhenmy forficationpersonalof appetitespleasure resultingand passions,from indulgencesif we wouldin forgratian he shall come in his own glory, and in his Father's, hour or two withdraw ourselves completely from the and of the holy angels."(Luke 9:26.) physical, the political, and even the social influence of

If we accept the spirit entity of man as real and eternal, this human world, and let our souls commune with self how utterly foolish to ignore or neglect its development and with the Infinite—we should find that only in the

by giving most, if not all, of our attention to physical recognition and adoption of eternal verities can the needs, pleasures, and passions. yearnings of a sincere mind be satisfied and peace and

If one makes the present world with its allurements, happiness be realized..

riches, honors, pleasures, indulgences, etc., "the object If we could divest ourselves of all immediate wants

of supreme pursuit,"and gains not only what one seeks, and perplexities, and talk with self in a serious sort of but the whole world, yet along with it forfeits one's own way, we should find ourselves giving value to like soul, one has gambled the only thing worth while, and realities. Out of such soulcommunion would come 'a

lost. recognition that no matter what physical, material, politiIf we are in company where the teachings of Jesus cal, industrial, or other changes may occur, no matter

are unpopular, and if, in order to stand well with others how theories of governments may change; how fashions,

to avoid criticism we yield to indulgences violative of customs, and ideals may be accepted and abandoned,

Christ's teachings, we demonstrate that we are ashamed there remain unchanging verities eternally operative in of him, and merit his being ashamed of us when he the universe, ever contributing to the spiritual progress, "cometh in the glory of his Father with his angels."to the peace, to the happiness of the individual of the

But the power of choice is a Godgiven gift, and the race.

purpose of life is happiness. Things which pertain to the With this recognition would come certain fundamental

physical nature are so easily obtained and the pleasure questions, the answers to which can be found only by vital problems so immediate that many spend most of their time seeking reference to eternal truth. A few of these

them, and neglecting the permanent joys of the spirit. might be as follows:

First, the everpresent reality and mystery of life to the most well prove be in what may We are living soul. immortality and of the human

is eviof all time. period There ample epochmaking Second, the existence and our relation to him. of God

dence on every hand that we are witnessing one of the It is possible for man's spirit to be in harmony with that tidal waves of human thought and emotion which periodDivine Being.

ically sweep over the world and change the direction of Third, these eternal verities accepted, the question endeavor. It is a time that demands clear thinkhuman arises, wealth, what is the noblest aim in life—pleasure, sound judgment. ing and or character?

Today, if ever, is a time for young people who are Such questions enter either in a fleeting or contemnot satisfied with temporary desires or pleasures of the plative degree the mind of every thinking or contemmoment, to get in mind eternal verities, fundamental plating person.

truths, and make them life's guiding stars. Good character does not consist in the mere ability to

If in this unsettled sea of human perplexities, yearnings, store away in the memory a collection of moral aphorisms disappointments, and despair, we would but pause and that run loosely off the tongue. Character to be good must

eliminate from our minds our immediate demands and be stable, must have taken root. It is an acquisition of

schemes for livelihood, if we would set aside our desires (Concluded on following page)

by President David O. McKay

mmismmm, FEBRUARY 1957 77 The Editor's Page

(Concluded from preceding page) honor, truth, integrity, fair dealing; uprightly—practising

thought and conduct which have become"habitual, an these are eternal verities which give happiness and acquisition of real substance, so firmly fixed in the conspiritual expansion.

science, and, indeed, in the body itself as to insure.unThe world needs fundamental truths that never change

hesitating rejection of an impulse to do wrong.? -—the eternal truths of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

is a man profited, if he shall gain the whole Reverence for life in created things—faith in God, in "For what

lose his own soul? or what shall a man givehis Beloved Son—an assurance that spiritual communion world, and

his soul?"(Matt. 16:26.)with them may be actual—the joyous experience of living in exchange for

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"Multiply and Replenish

"When I served as a stake missionary a Smith and Goodspeed: Copyright 1931, by the University

Question: woman whom we interviewed said of Chicago.

when the Lord spoke to Adam and Eve in the Garden "So God created man in his own image, in the image created he female and male them; of he created God to 'Be fruitful, and multithem Eden, he commandedof

3 multiply, fruitful 'Be and to them them: God said And it.''Therefore, the earth, subdue ply, and and replenish

she said, 'there must have been people on the earth before and fill the earth and subdue it'; and have dominion

Adam and Eve, or they could not replenish it.'The over the fish of the sea and over the birds of the air and

dictionary seems to confirm this view. How can we anover every living thing that moves upon the earth."

swer her? Will you please do so in the Era?"

ChallonerDouay Text:

"Then God blessed them and said to them, 'Be fruitIt is true that the original meaning of ful and multiply; fill the earth and subdue it.'Have

Answer: the word replenish connotes something dominion over the fish of the sea, the birds of the air,

is being filled again that was once filled before: Re—-again, the cattle and all the animals that crawl on the earth."

plenus—full. Why the translators of the King James

Version of the Bible used the word replenish may not Revised Standard Version: 1952:

it is in other used not the word but clearly known, be 'Be said to them. blessed them, And God "And God

: of the correct the meaning Hebrew translations and is not it.'earth the subdue and fruitful multiply and and fill

word from which the translation was originally taken.

It is true that the Prophet Joseph Smith followed the American Baptist (Improved) Version: "According to the

King James Version in the use of this word, perhaps Masoretic Text."

the Engobtained among because it had common usage 'Be to said them, and blessed them; God "And God

: is incorrectly however, peoples. Replenish, lishspeaking

it.'earth, the subdue fruitful, and multiply, and fill and

used in the King James translation. The Hebrew verb

is Mole ( p-p ) meaning fill, to fill, or make full. 1 The Septuagint Bible. This edition of the Bible was pubThis word Mole is the same word which is translated fill lished in 1954 and is taken from the English translation

in Genesis 1:22, in the King James Bible, wherein referof the Septuagint Bible which was translated by Charles

ence is made to the fish, fowl, and beasts of the earth: Thompson, who was secretary to the Continental

"And God blessed them, saying, Be fruitful, and multiply, Congress of the United States, and recently revised and and fill the waters in the seas, and let fowl multiply in compared with the Septuagint text. The publishers state

the earth."that this is the Bible that the Savior used and is the

In other translations the word fill is used correctly, in oldest version in existence of the preChristian Hebrew the English translations as well as in other tongues. Here manuscripts:

are a few quotations: "Let us make man after our image and after our likeHebrew Lexicon by Joshua W. Gibbs, A.M., p. 120. ness; and let them have dominion over the fishes of the

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sea, and the fowls of the air, and the cattle, and the "And God blessed them, and God said to them: be

whole earth, and all reptiles which creep on the earth. fruitful and multiply, and fill up the earth."

So God made man, After an image: Increase and multiply and fill the earth and subdue it."Swedish Translation:

"Och Gud valsignade dem; God sade till dem: Varen

The 1585 Edition. This edition was printed by Christofruktsamma och foroken eder, och uppfyllen jorden."

pher Barker, "Printer to the Queenes Majestie, 1585, "And God blessed them; God said to them be fruitful

before the issuing of the King James Version."and multiply yourself, and fill up the earth."

"Thus God created ye man in his image: in the image

of God created hee him: hee created them * male and French Translation:

female. "Et Dieu les benit, et il leur dit: 'Soyez fecons, mul-

"And God bleffed them, and God faid to them * Bring tipliez, remplissez la terra et soumettez la.'"

foorth fruite and multiplie and fill the earth, and fubdue "And God blessed them, and said to them Be fruitful, it."multiply, and fill up the earth."

The "Breeches"Bible of 1587. "Translated according to German Translation:

the Ebrew and Greeks, and conferred with the beft "Und Gott segnete sie und sprach zu ihnen: Scid

tranflattions dieuers languages."fruchtbar und mehret euch und fiillet die Erde."

"And God bleffed them, and God faid to them, * Bring "And God blessed them and said to them: Be fruitful

forth fruite and multiplie, and fill the earth and fubdue and multiply and fill the earth."

it."

Danish Translation:

"Og Gud velsignede dem, og Gud sagde til dim: vorder

frugtbare og mangfoldige, og opfylder Jorden."

tLtLsirrrfr

Jke to Jace Jacl$ Richard L. Evans i ouraaa I

I Tn the process of adjusting to life, we all have ments. They are not always convenient, but they

I * some problems. And growing up is part of the are always there, and they don't bend with our I

or yield with our yielding. Yet too many a rather painbending, problem—sometimes

of life resenting through of us go I and too much I processful part.andAsthePaul was a child, comments: "When

I I spake as a child, I understood as a child, I thought resisting the irrevocable realities—the facts, the I

1 as a child: but when 1 became a man, I put away laws, the commandments that we don't find it con-

I childish things."1 Discipline, whether imposed by venient to keep. We acquire habits and prejudices,

I others or selfimposed, isn't easy to take; nor are and hold them to our hearts. We accept theories,

facts always easy to face. Pride and habit, and and resist the inroads of further facts and findings.

I comfort and convenience, and prejudice and Sometimes it is almost as if a rock were to say to

I pleasure often come in conflict with facts, with gravity: "I will ignore your pull upon me."The

I truth and reality, with law and order. And in rock may resist—but sooner or later gravity will

I moving toward maturity, sooner or later we learn get it. There are causes and consequences in all Cm

I that there are some things that will adjust to us, things, and no one ever ignores them without and some things we have to adjust to. Some peosometime finding that they are in full force. "There

all irrevocably is a law, decreed which upon ple to us. love will adjust if they us—especially

blessings are predicated."sooner 3 And. the.. we learn (Blessedly, there are give a little those who will

more than they demand.) Some situations will to live within law, the sooner we learn to respect 2I

facts, the sooner we learn to keep commandments, adjust to us. We can alter our environment—somewhat; and there are more and more things that we the sooner we learn to adjust to truth (and learn

can modify for our comfort and convenience. But that it will not adjust to us, that it will not yield

I there are some things that no man can modify, to our yielding, or bend to our bending), the more &*.

regardless of his comfort or convenience, or his happiness we shall have, and the more peace we

I pride or prejudices, or his appetites or pleasures. To shall find inside ourselves.

I quote a muchquoted sentence: "We have to learn H Cor. 13:11.

I to change what we can change, and to accept what 2An3D & approximateC 130:20. quotation. Author unknown.

to learn the difference cannot bewe change—and

to to truth. the adjust tween have two."2 We Jhe Spoken WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I

Truth doesn't adjust itself to us. We have to adPRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

just to law. We, have to learn to keep commandSYSTEM, DECEMBER 16, 1956 Copyright 1956 i

FEBRUARY 1957 79 1828 New York City was a thrivIning and fastgrowing city ol 180,000 inhabitants. Not much

compared to its over 8,000,000 population today, but in those days it was of fair size. One of the most

interesting and important incidents in early Church history concerns a trip

Martin Harris made to New York

City during February of 1828. His

purpose was to consult with Professor

Charles Anthon and a certain "Dr.

Mitchell"respecting some ancient FACULTY, TMENT characters that Joseph Smith had THE CITY COL'NEW YORK copied from the plates containing the

Book of Mormon. Perhaps a brief the Urim and Thummim. About two to him he would translate them. I informed

summary of events leading up to this months later, sometime in February himand thatthat Ipartwas offorbiddenthe platesto werebring sealed,them.

trip will be helpful. 1828, Martin Harris visited the He replied, 'I cannot read a sealed book/

At the time of his first vision in Prophet Joseph in Harmony and ob- I left him and went to Dr. Mitchell, who

Professor sanctioned what had said Anthon a transcripto take permission tained of visitations subsequent1820 and the characters the respecting both and of the translation of some tion and Smith was Moroni, Joseph Angelthe 2:6465.) translation."Smith (Joseph

living with his parents in Palmyra, characters to some learned men in

New York. In September of 1827 New York City. He was evidently This seeking of the opinion of

Joseph was allowed to take the plates determined to check the story of learned scholars on questionable mafrom the Hill Cumorah. The perJoseph Smith concerning the nature terial, a common enough occurrence,

secution he had been under intermitof the characters. is really a most unique and startlingly

tently for the past seven years now His report is as follows: literal fulfilment of ancient prophecies. prophet, great Hebrew The atintolerable, and manybecame preYork, and to the "I went city of New years Isaiah, prophesied 2,500 had get the plates made totempts were been had characters which the sented

from him. By December of the same translated, with the translation thereof, to earlier:

gentleman a Anthon, Charles the Professor to accept glad was isyear all Joseph of you vision unto become the And Proliterary attainments. his for celebrated

is sealed, that of as which book a the Mr. words fatherin-law, his ofinvitation translation that the stated fessor Anthon

is saying, learned, to deliver that one men live with to and Hale, comeIsaac before so he had correct, than any more was / I saith, this, thee: pray he and Read

I then Egyptian. Pennsylvania. the translated from in seen Hale's Harmony,the

is it 29:11. (Isaiah sealed. cannot, for transyet not those were which him showed

Italics author's.) farmer prosperous a point this At Egyptian, were said that they lated, he and

of Palmyra, Martin Harris, came on Chaldaic, Assyriac, and Arabic; and he said The Book of Mormon itself also

a characters. gave true were they me He the believed Harris scene. Martinthe this refers conversation: to of Palpeople to certifying certificate, the visions and Smith's of account Joseph

characters, true and were that they myra it that to shall pass behold, But, come "gold in the interested especiallywas of as had of translation such them that the shall unto say [Joseph the Lord him God previsited and Joseph the correct. I took alsobook."translated was He been deliver shall book: to the he Smith] whom

it pocket, into and certificate fifty put dollars, and of gift my a with sented him sealed are not and take these which words

Mr. house, the Anjust leaving when was Harris], to removal another the to [Martin deliver finance them used waswhich

asked back, called how and me thon me learned the unto that them show he may to his wife Harmony, of and Joseph there were that out found the young man this, saying: read Mitchell], and [Anthon southeast. to the miles 100 about found he where place plates the in gold shall say: learned thee. the pray And

of angel that had I an I answered God them. I will read them: book, the hither bring and and a small purchasing home After

it him. revealed unto the of of glory the because now, And Hale, Isaac Joseph of from land parcel cersee that 'Let to said this, me, then me will say they to "He get gain and world

began studying the plates. He comtificate.'I accordingly took it out of my and not for the glory of God.

menced by copying several pages of pocket and gave it to him, when he took And the man shall say, I cannot bring the strange Nephite characters, some itwasandnotoresuchit tothingpieces,nowsayingas ministeringthat there theThenbook,shallfor theit islearnedsealed. say, I cannot read

of which he translated by means of angels, and that if I would bring the plates it. (II Nephi 27:1518.)

Martin Harris returned to Joseph

Smith and then proceeded immediately to Palmyra to make arrangements regarding his farm and family so that he might assist Joseph with the translation. He returned to Harmony on

h'? g)<?> r.*4) no<w, -J 9 (r3% CR\/f Apriluntil the12 andfollowingacted asJune.scribe to Joseph

The foregoing material raises at questions: were least three (1) Who A 4.+ Z '& $J*'-< e#- iftu. Q-l "Dr. Charles and Professor Anthon f**4/**. TTA itdih i i?-A /<- 4.*.> tjnfr—% mx- -i -$- **-/< ts/s i?3 did Martin Mitchell"? (2) Why

Harris seek their opinion in preference gold the plates by Joseph Smith. Martin Harris from copied Transcript""Anthon The to that of other learned men? (3) Mitchell. Dr. Charles and this Anthon to Professor took

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How valid was their testimony refor more than thirty years produced tied in Philadelphia where he prespecting the transcription and transat least one volume annually. pared textbooks, maps, and geographic

lation of ancient NephiteEgyptian Each of his textbooks passed through sevmanuals. (3) Stephen Mix Mitchell,

characters? eral editions, and for thirty years, about 17431835, American jurist and legCharles Anthon, LL.D. (1787the middle of the nineteenth century, his islator, born Wethersfield, Connecticut, member Continental Congress 1867), destined to fulfil ancient ininfluencethe Unitedupon Statesthe studywas probablyof the classicsgreater

prophecies, was a professor of classithan that of any other one man. (Ibid., 17831788, U. S. Senator 17931795,

cal studies at Columbia College (now Vol. I, p. 314.) Chief Justice, Connecticut Supreme

Columbia University) in New York So much for Anthon, a very real Court, 18011818.

City for fortyseven years from person, and widely known in 1828. Unfortunately Martin Harris never

1820 until his death. In those days Establishing the identity of "Dr. referred to this learned man except as

Columbia College, founded as King's Mitchell"is somewhat more compli- "Dr. Mitchell."References to him

College in 1754, was located on a plot cated. The Dictionary of American in Church history are scanty and

of ground enclosed by Barclay, Biography, a comprehensive and resometimes vague. One suggests that

Church, Murray, and Chapel (now liable source of American biography, he was a certain Dr. Samuel Mitchell.

west Broadway) streets. This area lists three Mitchels and thirtytwo Another states he may have been a

today is one block north of the post Mitchells. Among them are several Dr. Mitchell of Philadelphia. (Both

office and federal building near City who could possibly have been this writers were apparently thinking of

Hall Park. Professor Anthon, a bach- "Dr. Mitchell."The most likely canSamuel Augustus Mitchell, mentioned

elor, lived in the college, at number didates are: above.) Still another confuses "Dr.

7 College Green. His quarters were (1) Nahum Mitchell, 17671853, Mitchell"with a Dr. Coit, whom we

in one of the residence wings of the American jurist, born in Massachuwill mention below.

building nearest the reader in the setts. (2) Samuel Augustus Mitchell, However, a nonMormon writer

accompanying illustration. It was 17021868, American geographer, well qualified to shed some light on

probably here that the prophesied born in Bristol, Connecticut. He setthe subject rules out all the above

visit between Martin Harris and Procandidates. This writer is Professor

fessor Anthon must have taken place. Anthon himself. In two of his letters, 2

Charles was one of eight children one dated February 17, 1834, to Mr.

born to Dr. George Christian Anthon, E. D. Howe of Painesville, Ohio, and

a German surgeon, and his second the other dated April 3, 1841, to Rev wife, Genevieve Jadot, who made their Dr. T. W. Coit, Rector of Trinity

home in New York City. Young Church, Rochelle, West Chester

Charles was probably the most brilCounty, New York, we find the folliant student who had ever attended lowing statements: In the Howe

Columbia College. He won so many letter, Anthon wrote,

prizes and honors that, to give other Some years ago, a plain and apparently students a chance, his name was withsimple-hearted farmer called on me with a held from scholastic competition. notedeceasedfrom [italicsDr. Mitchell,mine], requestingof our city,menowto

At first his main interest was law, decipher, if possible, the paper which the but in 1820, one year after being adfarmer would hand me. (Mnrmonism Unmitted to the bar, he became adjunct veiled, E. D. Howe, p. 270.)

professor of Greek and Latin at CoThis would fix the date of "Dr.

lumbia College and in 1830 was Mitchell's"death sometime between advanced to professor of Greek lan1828 and 1834. The previously menguage and literature. A contemporary Charles Anthon tioned three candidates all died after

of Professor Anthon described him as: 1834. In the Coit letter, Anthon

... a man whose personal appearance writes,

harmonized singularly with his character. Many years ago—the precise date I do

In person very large, strongly built, he was (Continued on following page) presence.and imposing of a most head His

was a very fine one, the forehead high, (1797Charles LL.D. Anthon,massive, wellproportioned. and eyes His

fulfil the to destined 1867), man set, blackwere deeply and extremely and prophecies, ancient Adjunct was...sharp piercing and of the part lower Professor of at Latin Greek and

his face square, was massive, somewhat College 18201830, Columbia from heavy, but extremely firm.... He was alJay Professor of Greek and Latin,

ways exceedingly neat in personal appear1830-1857, and Professor of Greek ance, dressing with care and nicety...,1 Language, 18571867. An oil painting based on this c. 1860 photoThe Dictionary of American Bioggraph hangs in the Men's Faculty

raphy adds, Club at Columbia University.

Samuel Latham Mitchill, M.D.,

Though brilliant in conversation and of LL.D (17641831), probably the

a cheerful disposition, he had a few fa- "Dr. Mitchell"who "sanctioned

Professor said,"what had Anthonmiliar friends almost never and appeared thereby and instrumental becamein general society in or of places public in fulfilling the ancient prophecies

I, (Vol.amusement. p. 313.) regarding the of Book Mormon.

From a painting by H. Inman.

Dr. Anthon was a prolific writer Samuel L. Mttchill

in the area of classical studies and Columbiana,(Photos courtesyColumbiaDepartmentUniversity.)of

FEBRUARY 1957 81 "I Cannot Read a Sealed Book"(Continued from preceding page) from 18041809; professor, College to other learned men?"has partially

net now recollect—a plain looking countryof Physicians and Surgeons in New been answered. Both these men were

a letter called upon me withman as great scholars. esteemed highly from York, an organizer 18071826; and

... [Italics L. mine.] MitchellDr. Samuel classical greatest was the of Rutgers Anthon and a vicepresident MedWe now have good reason to beical College during its brief existence, scholar of his day in the United

lieve that "Dr. Mitchell"and Dr. 18261830. States, and Mitchill was preeminent

Samuel L. Mitchill are one and the First, last, and always Mitchill was among American scientists.

same. a promoter of science. He has been Both men were accomplished linThere is a slight discrepancy in the called the "Nestor of American guists. Anthon knew at least Latin,

statements of Anthon and Martin Science"; he was a member of dozens Greek, French, and German. MitchHarris. The latter says that he "went of scientific and scholarly societies ill knew German, Latin, and was

to Dr. Mitchell who sanctioned what and wrote scores of learned books, capable of "deciphering a Babylonian

Professor Anthon had said,"and pamphlets, articles, etc., on a multibrick,"5 or holding his own "in a proAnthon writes that Harris came to tude of subjects. 4 His contemporaries found exegetical disquisition on Kenhim "with a letter from Dr. Samuel described him as "a living encyclonecott's Hebrew Bible with the great

L. Mitchell."Very likely Martin pedia"and "a chaos of knowledge."Jewish Rabbi, Gershom Seixas."6

Harris did go to the more famous "Dr. According to the Dictionary of AmerThey were both in the main stream

Mitchell"first and obtained a note ican Biography: of New York intellectual and cultural

of introduction to Anthon and then... through the sincerity of his interest, life. Anthon was a popular lecturer

returned to "Dr. Mitchell"to inform the extent of his learning, and the simple at the New York Athenaeum where,

of his character, amiability he renown won litsaid. Latin as on in 1826, he discoursed had Anthon to whathim

of as a abroad both and at home man that season science erature during the same curious Mitchell"no doubt"Dr. was influence to exert able a profound and was

about what Anthon would make of in the promotion of scientific inquiry and in Samuel F. B. Morse lectured on paintthe characters. the practical application of scientific prining and William Cullen Bryant held

According to Longworth's Directory ciples of life. (Vol. XIII, p. 71.) forth on poetry. Mitchill was a

of the City of New York, 18281829, It is very possible, therefore, that founder of the New York Historical there was only one Samuel Mitchell "Dr. Mitchell"was the learned Dr. Society in 1804 and of the Literary

in the city, and he was a lampmaker, Samuel Latham Mitchill, and that and Philosophical Society in 1814.

obviously not "Dr. Mitchell."Howboth Martin Harris and Dr. Charles [Hereafter I shall use the Mitchill

ever, there is a Samuel L. Mitchill, Anthon simply used a variant and spelling in this article.]

M.D., listed as living at 47 White more common spelling of the man's In some ways Mitchill is of more

Street. Further research reveals that last name. Further evidence of his interest than Anthon. Some authorin 1828 a Samuel Latham Mitchill, identity and connection with Martin ities say that he was probably the

M.D., was a vicepresident of Rutgers Harris may turn up some day in the most versatile man of science of his

Medical College located on Duane still incomplete collection of Dr. day. He had an encyclopedic memStreet near Broadway. We also know MitchilPs papers. ory, and ranked high in his range of

that this Dr. Mitchill was in New The answer to question (2), "Why interest and studies in all fields of

York City during February 1828, for would Martin Harris have gone to knowledge.

on February sixteenth of that year, Anthon and Mitchill in preference (Continued on page 104) "Dr. Mitchill [delivered] in the city

hall, an address on the late Thos.

Addis Emmet."3 This Dr. Mitchill, llflll

born 1776, died in 1831, and thereby:;::->:::::-:::'::vj:S

complies with the death before 1834 of "Dr. Mitchell,"as mentioned above

in the Howe letter. He also resided

in New York City, as did the "Dr.

Mitchell"mentioned in the Howe letter.

Samuel Latham Mitchill was of Quaker parentage, the son of Robert and Mary (Latham) Mitchill of North Hemstead, Long Island, New

York. His early studies were in the

classics. After receiving his medical

and scientific training in New York and Edinburgh, he was appointed to the chair of natural history, chemistry, and agriculture at Columbia

College in 1792. He was a man of

many talents and much energy. In (Photo courtesy Department of Columbiana, Columbia University)

addition to teaching he was twice Columbia College looking east to City Hall Park, 1831. Dr. Anthon's living quarters

in the U. S. House of Representatives, weremovedlocateduptownin toonelandof thenow residencewingsoccupied by Rockefellerof the building.Center. InIn 18571897 ColumbiaColumbia Collegemoved

18011804 and 18101813; a senator to its present home on II 6th Street,

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A YOUNG WIFE AND MOTHER TELLS HERE—that when I go to my husband for

advice and counsel, I can depend on him to give me counsel that is sound and good and to help me when there is a difficult decision to make. SpeakWhat the Priesthood ing of decisions, recently when my

little boys were finishing breakfast,

Steven dropped his dish and broke it.

in I hurried the other from room crash. the I heard Steven hadHas Meant to My Family when

already picked up the broken pieces; by Kathryn Lan Tanner he handed them to me and said, "At

least I caught the egg!"I couldn't

ThehasHolythe Melchizedekpower to officiatePriesthoodin helpsmart thinkingboy. I thathope hethatwaswhena prettyour

all spiritual matters within the children are faced with a crisis, they'll

Church. Without this priesthood the have the wisdom to hang on to the

Church cannot exist. No act perthing that's most important. If Bob

formed in God's name would be acand I do our job well, the most imceptable to him or recognized by him portant thing will be the gospel.

without the priesthood. A man canmM Being an elder, my husband has

not take this gift for himself; it must the power to name and bless an inbe delegated by those who have the fant. It has been my privilege to

authority. It is perhaps the greatest watch him give a name and a father's

gift God has given to man for his blessing to our little children. Last

development and progress. There is year our oldest boy turned eight, and

no limit to the good that can be acit was a wonderful sight to see the two complished when a man magnifies of them walk down into the baptismal his calling in the priesthood and exerfont for Marshall's baptism. The

cises it to the fullest. words used for the baptism were most

When I read and hear all these impressive to me and have stayed in facts about the priesthood, I feel very my mind: "Having been commishumble and grateful to have at the sioned of Jesus Christ, I baptize you

head of my house a man who has Kathryn Lau Tanner in the name of the Father, and of the been worthy to be ordained an elder Son, and of the Holy Ghost."And

in the Holy Melchizedek Priesthood. and woman may attain the most wonit was a thrilling thing the next day

My husband and I are not rich peodrous of all gifts. I am glad President to see Marshall confirmed a member

ple; we're not especially talented or Richards mentioned women. Alof the Church and receive the Holy

clever. (I can hear him saying, though we cannot actually hold the Ghost at the hands of his father.

"Speak for yourself, John.") We are priesthood, we can share the blessThere's- probably not a member of

just an ordinary couple, occupied with ings of it with and through our husthe Church who hasn't felt the healthe problems of building a home and bands; it is our responsibility to help ing influence of the priesthood when

rearing a family. There's only one and support them in every way. the elders have come into the home

thing about us that seems extraordiBefore I mention other ways that to administer to one of the loved ones nary to me, and that is the happiness, the priesthood has affected my life, who was sick. President Heber J.

harmony, and love that we have in I'd like to say that one of the great Grant said that whenever he went our family, the feeling of working blessings we enjoy is the association into a home where he knew the famtogether toward the same goal. I'm of good people. When you are with a ily kept the Word of Wisdom, paid

sure this stems from the privilege of group whose ideals are high and their tithes, and lived the gospel the having the priesthood in our home. whose lives are exemplary, some of very best they could, he could adIt is a wonderful thing to me the it should rub off on you. Whenever minister to the sick person with perway our bearers of the priesthood we attend an elders'quorum activity, fect faith that he could be restored to

can trace their line of authority so we come away feeling lifted up. I good health immediately, if God willed

quickly and directly back to the know that my husband values—and it. We have had some wonderfully

Prophet Joseph Smith, and from him I value, too—the association with our faithpromoting instances in our own

to Peter, James, and John, who were bishopric, present and past. They ward in the last few months, and I

ordained by Jesus Christ himself. have such a sweet spirit about them know we have all felt the power of

President Stephen L Richards, in that everyone can feel it. the priesthood and of faith and

is prayer. a conference address, said that God A man who honors his priesthood

could have honored man in no other entitled to wisdom and inspiration I have saved until the last what is way as with the gift of the priesthood. from his Heavenly Father; so I feel {Continued on page 126)

"By its power, worlds were created..."; it ennobles the life of him who

possesses it and the lives of those to whom he ministers. Through it man

FEBRUARY 1957 83 zA CHILD OF EDITOR'S NOTE

During the turbulent adolescent years, when so much growth toward physical and emotional maturity is taking place, the need for a good home, full of love and understanding is vital.

The purpose of this series of articles is not to attempt to give specific answers to problems which may face boys and girls from 12 to 20 but to acquaint parents with some of the physical, social, emotional, and spiritual characteristics and needs of youth. It is hoped that this will challenge parents to apply the principle

of repentance to themselves, to improve their own lives so that their actions toward their children will he motivated by the purest and highest ideals, in order that By Dr. Antone K. Romney

their children may catch the spirit of what they do. Often it is not what is

clone but the spirit in which it is done which is important, and whatever is done by parents should be done in the spirit of love, harmonizing the best that is known about parentschild relationships. FIRST OF A SERIES

Dr. Antone K. Romne

Dean of the College of I would sit at the piano for long periods of time imagining great success in at Brigham Young University, A h: music.

taught courses in vocational guidan( Incentives which stimulated other training, teacher educational adroini hi students did not work with John. He! ration, philosophy of education,

tory of education, seht buildh had long since realized he was a school Saw. research, and disappointment to his family and that

pertaining to educations idrninisti because of his obstinance they felt tion. in lie was born G he was different, not like his sisters.

xico. to and grew

\h. He lilted a tnissi. In high school he became acquainted

the Eastern States, anc with Robert and appreciated the exof the Deserei Si citement which Robert's association 'oerai board fS*. D,- i, gave him. He began to feel accepted. i O i 7

Frank came from a religious family. His father was very active in a

church. Much of his time was spent

tie is president away from home, and the training of

University Stal Frank rested primarily on his mother. Dr. Antone (C. Romney

She was a good woman and followed the instructions of the father, who demanded strict obedience. Frank

oldest of five the children and was like arrested school since been 16, had did not it meant for HeRobert, for often received severe reprimands failcar theft. the leader, but nothing but embarrassment and He was

John and Frank, boys of apure to him. His parents, in desperathe slightest misdemeanor. His mother

proximately the same age, particition, moved him from school to regretted the resentment which she pated. News of their crime was a school. Whenever he received spesaw developing in Frank, but supshock to the community because the cial attention from a sympathetic ported her husband in his rigid disciboys came from highly respected teacher, it was too shortlived to build pline.

families. "Why?"everyone asked. a real foundation. Deep in his heart Frank felt that

his father therefore was unjust, and could possibly have caused"What car, Robert, stolen a having Now religious in his really sincere exnot behavior?"such It arrested. turn to was his was make

pressions. Frank looked toward the

Let us look briefly at each boy. the headlines, to get the attention

life. his Robert had an older brother who which he had always craved. Hetime waswhen curthe couldand runrudehis withown

was active and successful in athletics. John, the second boy, studied teachers. He always considered their

He was an outstanding basketball music. His mother, an outstanding punishment unfair. He became susplayer in high school and participated musician before her marriage, repicious of adults and particularly

in the state tournament. Robert's solved that her only son would do suspicious of anyone who tried to use

father had played basketball in his all the things she had always wanted authority over him. He seemed to

younger days and was large in phyto do. She showered him with every annoy intentionally, and almost to

sique. He took special pride in possible affection, and took his part relish his punishment. It was Frank

Robert's older brother. in differences with his sisters. John who suggested to Robert that they

Robert was not only smaller than had average scholastic ability, but less steal the automobile.

his brother, but before entering high than average musical ability. At an

school he had developed a serious early age he was forced to sit at the As an institution, the family exerts sinus infection. Sickness had prepiano for hours. He did not succeed - the most powerful single influence

vented regular attendance in elemenin his music, and his mother was upon the individual lives of its memtary school, and he later developed worried and annoyed. John realized bers. It is the basic social unit reallergies which left scars on his as he grew older that in her eyes he sponsible for bringing children into

face. Because of these handicaps, he was a failure. He began to dodge the world and from it they receive

fell behind in reading and other skills. reality by building up fantasies. He their most significant training. Not

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ANY AGE IS lentThefor patriarchalso many ages,familyandlifestillprevamore todayOneneedthinghelpis ifcertain.they areLDSto upholdyouth

common in many countries than in those ideals which have always been the United States, has been replaced a part of our heritage. Conditions

by a "modern"family consisting of a are changing so rapidly that parents father, a mother, and their immediate may well wonder what the world will offspring. This family organization, be like in a few years when their sons

simple as it has become, is undergoing and daughters take over as leaders of some serious strains. There are our nation, our educational instituPROFESSOR OF EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION the technological inventions, social tions, international affairs, economic

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, AND PRESIDENT changes resulting from urbanization, and business structures, and the

OF THE NEW BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY new methods of transportation and Church. STAKE

communication. Automobiles and It is possible to set up some standtelephones have widened the radius ards which should be attained in

of mate selection, and along with successful family life.

only is its success essential to the sucradio and television have come access of democracy, but also, as the quaintance with behavior patterns HPhe LDS family, first of all, should scriptures indicate, the institution of which are new and different. * begin under the influence of the

marriage and the family unit are There has been a great shift toChurch. Courting should be done in

vitally important to the salvation of ward individualism in democratic wholesome Latterday Saint homes mankind, not only in the life to come nations, and even though this emphaand good social environments and but in daily activities here. Good sizes the worth of the individual, it should culminate in temple marriage.

family relationships are especially tends to diminish the feeling of All should be done in accordance meaningful to members of the Church obligation to other members of the with the truths which have been rebecause their absence can limit our family and to society. Add to these vealed.

spiritual, temporal, and moral progthreats to the family as an institution In addition to religious standards, ress. the fact that many of its functions the LDS family should be assured

have been taken over by other social economic stability. Every individual

agencies. needs assurance that he will not suffer

In the face of this situation, LDS in times of distress. The father

parents should alert themselves, pay should earn enough to protect his close attention to their families, study family against hunger and consethem as a part of the Church program, quences of disease and accident. A

study themselves in relation to their mother's time and energy are needed children and see if they are doing in rearing and teaching the children.

what the scriptures and recent find- A family should provide for the ings in behavior define as their rehealth of its members, and see that sponsibility. this health is maintained.

{Continued on page 106)

Working and playing together strengthen family ties

FEBRUARY 1957 85 Genealogy., Jfepgg*'3

The Family Tree Club

by Virginia M. Badger

I II

%\<bwtohi mi ta?X> it}*}

a plate set out his Bob, a grin. forming wide mouth

tall idea. "I've three raid gotOneanddayI satearlyon herlastfrontsummer,porch Sallyponsaidof dateMrs. nutAnderson.cookiesSheand a good We can

dering the dull days in front of us. glasses of milk. Then she sat down, our moms'refrigerators every after-

"Golly, Mary Ann, what shali we and we munched appreciatively. noon!"

do now?"cried Sally. "Here we've "Let's see now. You want something "That sounds swell to me!"laughed

looked forward to summer vacation so to do in the afternoons. Is that it?"Jack.

long, and now that it's finally arrived asked Mrs. Anderson. "Oh, you sillies,"giggled Sally. "But

we don't know what to do with our- "Yes. Something really interestcome on and join us. It'll be more fun

selves."ing,"I replied. "Something we can with four, won't it, Mary Ann?"

"Isn't it awful!"I exclaimed. We have fun doing and maybe learn new "Four is just right,"I said as I led

stared at the quiet treelined street, things, too."the way into the house. We found

feeling the balmy afternoon breeze as "I'm sure the right activity will preMother sitting at the dining room it floated by. We were fourteen years sent itself if you try hard to find it. table busy with the books, maps, and

old, and anxious for excitement. Sally What about forming a club?"many papers spread before her. I was

was slender and pretty with shiny "Yes, but what would we do in a proud of Mother. She was very atblonde hair that she pulled back into club?"questioned Sally. tractive with her short dark hair, gray

a pony tail. She had a great capacity "Maybe Mary Ann's mother can eyes, and slim figure. She always

for enjoying everything and everyone help you with that,"suggested Mrs. seemed to know everything and do just

about her. I was her dark counterAnderson. the right thing.

part, with my hair done the same way. "You've got good ideas, Mom,"said "Mother, would you help us?"I

"Maybe your mother can think of Sally giving her a quick hug. "Thanks began.

something,"I suggested. for the help and the cookies."Then "Sit down a few minutes,"said

"That's a good idea. Let's go ask linking her arm in mine she said, Mother. "I want to finish writing this

her."We hurried into the kitchen "Let's walk over to your house right letter, and then I'll help you all I can."

where Mrs. Anderson was just clearaway.""Oh, thanks, Mother,"I. said. And

ing up after baking a batch of cookies. Off we went talking of a club. As then, turning to the others, "Let's go

The wonderful smell of baking was in we neared my front gate a voice called, in the front room. It's cooler in

the air. "Hey, you two, what's up?"Looking there."As we sank into chairs, Jack

"Mother, what are we going to do around we saw Jack Brown and Bob asked, "What's your mother doing?"

with ourselves this whole long sumSimmons ambling towards us. "She's working on our genealogy,"

mer? After we finish our chores, "We're going to form a club, and I said. "You know, keeping the famthere's just nothing,"wailed Sally. we're trying to find something excitily records up and trying to trace our

"First of all, suppose you girls sit ing to do in it,"I told our two classrelatives as far back as possible. It's

here at the table and have some cookies mates. really interesting. I help her quite a

and milk. Then we can talk it over,""How about asking us to join?"said lot."

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I do genealogy, too!"declared And then Jack said, "I have an highest point in heaven?"questioned

Sally. "I started my very own family idea. Genealogy has to do with findSally.

record not long ago."ing out about one's family tree. Why "That's right,"answered Mother.

"Dad's been trying to get me to not name it 'The Family Tree Club'?""And what else?"

start mine,"said Bob. "But I haven't "That's really a catchy name,"I "We perform services for our dead

got around to it yet."said. "relatives that will make it possible for

"Hey, wait a minute,"I exclaimed "It's downright clever,"said Bob. the family to remain together in the

suddenly. "What's wrong with gene- "I'm making it unanimous!"exlife to come. And our performing

alogy for a club project?"claimed Sally. "'The Family Tree these services will bless us,"I offered.

"That sounds like a first rate idea Club'it is!""Very good, girls,"said Mother.

to me,"said Jack. "I'd like to learn The rest of the afternoon flew by "Now, who knows what the services

about my ancestors."as we talked about plans for our are?"

"This will be fun!"cried Sally. Family Tree Club. We decided to "I think the services include bap-

"How smart you are to think of it, hold meetings at my house and three tism and confirmation, endowment,

Mary Ann!"a week were settled on. It was agreed marriages, and sealings. These serv-

"Think we can sandwich in a little that we would each talk over our ices are only done in the temples,"food now and then?"smiled Bob, his genealogy with our families that night said Jack.

freckles seeming to dance on his and bring along something to do at "Goodness, you young people know shiny face. the first official meeting. just about all the answers,"exclaimed

it Just then Mother appeared and inThe next afternoon we gathered Mother. "Did you know that

is possible for you, if you are worthy,quired, "Well now, how can I be of around my dining room table. The

service?"opening prayer was given, and we to go to the temple and be baptized

"Mother, you already have,"I exwere ready to begin. for some of your dead?"

it really!""Is to cried Sally. "Oh, I a goingclaimed. "We're have

"Gee, have let me my folk that."to do all these wantgenealogy club this have and summer

records, I really don't but understand lots of fun. Maybe you will help us the family group sheet and pedigree "We, too!"exclaimed the rest of

with it, though,"I added, hopefully. chart very well,"said Jack. us as one.

wonderful,"that sounds "Why to of our "We'll have it one make is, I don't understand "What why "I'll assist tosmiled glad be Mother. projects,"said Bob. out these do asked names?"we search I startin way. Suppose any by makit next the "I'll ask bishop about Bob. talking while you lemonade some

over plans.""Whoa, wait a minute,"said Sunday,"volunteered Jack.

"What shall we do first?"asked Mother. "It looks as if we should "I think we are ready now to talk

Jack. do some discussing before you start about the family group sheet and

"Let's name the club,"said Sally. any paper work. First of all, why pedigree chart,"began Mother. "Can

For some minutes we all sat concendo we Latterday Saints search out each of you find a pedigree chart to trating on an idea for a name. Mother our family records?"look at as we talk?"We each got one

served the lemonade while we dis- "Isn't it because we want to make out. "The pedigree chart shows the

cussed several names; none of them sure that our ancestors have a chance names of one's relatives in an orderly

seemed just right. to accept the gospel and get to the manner. The name at the beginning

far left will be your own,"she explained. "Under the name, information on birth, death, and marriage is

recorded. Your father's name and his

family and information go along the top, your mother's along the bottom.

Now let us look at a family group sheet. Study it over carefully and

see if you can explain it to me."

"This is a record for an individual family,"said Jack. "The father and

mother and data on them are given at the top. The children and their

information are listed below in order of birth. The temple ordinances are

at the far right."

"Very good, Jack,"said Mother. "I

think you are ready for some paper work now. What did you have

planned to do?"

"I have already started to copy my own record, and I wanted to go on and finish it,"I said.

"The same with me,"said Sally.

'Students working at card files in the Church Genealogical Library in Salt Lake City. (Concluded on following page)

FEBRUARY 1957 87 The Family Tree Club

(Concluded from preceding page) "Golly, Mrs. Baker, what would we want to get some books on gene-

"Jack and I want to start ours,"do if we didn't have you to help us?"alogy."

said Bob. asked Sally. "Afterwards we could play some

'Just one more thing before you "Oh, I'm sure the bishop or the tennis at the park courts,"Sally said.

start,"said Mother. "It is very imhead of the genealogy class would "Followed by rootbeer floats at

portant to copy correctly and write offer the help and books you need,"the corner drugstore,"ended Bob.

clearly. Who can say why?"replied Mrs. Baker. "Suppose you and We arrived at the library well-

"The record wouldn't be any good Bob read over these notes on research equipped with pens, pencils, noteif it wasn't right,"said Jack. by correspondence and see if you can books, tennis rackets, and balls. The

"That's it, Jack,"smiled Mother. decide on something."Then turning tennis equipment we left at a check

"So after you finish copying a sheet, to Jack and me she asked, "Now, stand as we entered.

exchange with someone and check what are you two going to do?"The librarian in the genealogy seceach other's work."tion was very kind to us. She took "We were just talking about starttime to explain the different card All afternoon we worked on our

a ing our with Book of Remembrance files.records. also to look She showed us how

life story into whatever else goes and for in- "This is really fun!"exclaimed Salcertain a over quickly book

ly. "Are we going to do the same it,"I answered. formation. I took two books on how

thing at the other two weekly meet- "That is a wonderful idea,"Mother to find one's ancestors. Jack found a

nigs.'told us. "Maybe the others will join book that gave a list of public places

"I've been wondering about that,"you in this later. I have a book that to write to and what information each

I said. "We ought to do something gives a complete outline for a Book one could give.. Bob's find was the

different at each meeting."of Remembrance."She reached into most exciting of all. In a county

"Why don't we spend one meeting the bookcase and handed the booklet history book he found a life sketch copying records like we're doing toto us. It was titled Saviors on Mount of his greatgreat-grandfather. That

day,"said Jack, "and another day Zion by Archibald F. Bennett. "You was really the highlight of our trip.

searching out ways to find new incan start a sketch of your own life Bob even forgot about food for a few formation? What I mean is, to see today."minutes!

what new names we should find and Jack and I studied and discussed We held three meetings a week all write letters or something to get suggested activities for a Book of Resummer long. We had much fun,

them."membrance and finally decided we learned a lot, and accomplished many

"Then on the third meeting we were ready to begin our life sketches. things. Everyone had his records

could go to the library to look for In them we included facts about our copied and checked. We all bought

names or make some other trip,"sugbirth, mother, father, baptism, school- a Book of Remembrance and started gested Bob. ing, childhood memories, Church acour own life story. We interviewed

"Those ideas are swell!"Sally and tivities, home life, and hobbies. We our parents and grandparents and

I exclaimed. plan to add to it as theyears go by. wrote up sketches of their lives to

"Now that we have that taken Meanwhile Bob and Sally had figput into our books. Jack and

care of, let's get onto something imured out a plan of action, too. Bob Sally started picture pedigree charts.

portant,"laughed Bob. "Is there gowas writing to the county clerk in the Through letter writing and library

ing to be any food?"county where his ancestor had lived, research we all obtained some new

"I knew you'd be bringing that up, and Sally to a cousin, in hope of getfacts for our records. We did not acBob,"I smiled. "Sally and I made ting the facts they wanted. They cept just any information but tried

gingerbread this morning, especially studied and discussed how to write a hard to make sure it was correct.

for you and Jack."good letter. Sally told us that it must

"Boy, vou girls are wonderful!"be legible and courteous, that it must A s summer drew to a close we beganBob said happily. "Lead me to it!"state exactly what is wanted, and give to worry that our wonderful FamAt the next meeting, we looked over basic facts so that the person will be ily Tree Club would fade away under

our records to see what new informaable to answer. A stamped selfad- the pressure of school and all its detion should be found. dressed envelope should always be inmands. But because the club meant

let to to us, not so decided we much offer to cluded. pay any an And said here, Baker,"Mrs. "Look faithfully this met happen. We expenses should made. beSally. "It greatgrand- shows my until night Friday every summer

of that decided each us It was birth, death,father or marwith no rolled again. around

file all set correto hold should up a date. somethingriage be would That Bill brother her Andrews, Patty

to find, but how would I go about spondence. and the Collen twins, Jill and Jerry,

it?"One very important matter, Sally have now joined The Family Tree

"I have the same information told us, is to try to make sure the new Club, and we are in the midst of missing for my greatgrandmother,"information received is correct. Facts plans for next summer.

said Bob. can't just be accepted without some I hope you think our Family Tree

"I just recently finished taking a kind of check. New information Club is a good idea. Maybe you will

teacher training class in genealogy, so should be compared with facts that start one in your town. I know other

I will let you use all the notes,"ofare known to be right. boys and girls would love to share the

fered mother. "Let's go to the library,"I said. "I joys of work and fun that it will bring.

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 99aWe Walk By Faith By Professor John A. Widtsoe

From The Improvement Era, 9:215ff. (January 1906.)

Faith, the first principle in revealed doubters and accepted by many of religion, is defined by the Prophet the latter as an eternal truth which

Joseph Smith 1 in the words of needs no further investigation. It is

Paul, "Now faith is the substance of true that, in the beginnings of scithings hoped for, the evidence of ence, no faith seems to be required, things not seen."To this the Prophet for every statement is based on exadds, "From this we learn that faith periments and observations that may

is the assurance which men have of be repeated by every student. It is

things which they have not seen."2 further true that nothing in science is John A. Widtsoe

On this principle, with this definition, "taken on trust"; that, however, does This reasoning may be sufficient to

many young persons who have vennot imply that faith, according to Jothe believers; but to the unbeliever

tured upon the sea of unbelief have seph Smith's definition, is unnecesit is valueless. The doubter can be

wrecked the religion of their childsary. To one who understands true convinced only by an examination of

hood; for the human mind, in some theology, natural science is but a science to learn whether it ever restages of its development, is disinpart of the greater science of God; quires its followers to believe in

clined to accept as knowledge anyand it does not seem reasonable that things that are unknowable to the thing that cannot be sensed directly. the fundamental law of the whole five senses. There is no need to be

Nowadays, the young doubter who should not also be a governing eleafraid of such an investigation, for cannot accept as the foundation of his ment of the part. That is, if faith is if the theology and the science are

religion things which he has not seen essential in theology, it should be both true, both will come out of the usually turns for comfort and future necessary also in natural science, esinvestigation as greater friends.

growth to the results of the study of pecially in its higher forms. (Continued on following page)

nature, or science. There he finds

truths upon truths, glorious in their beauty and susceptibility to direct and unmistakable proof; and soon he

comes back with the pride of the victor. In socalled natural science, he

claims to have no need of faith; that

if a person has only advanced far enough, every concern of science can be known through one, two, or several of the senses.

This statement is an heirloom passed from the older to the younger

'Doc. and Cov., Lecture I, verse 8. [The current editions of the Doctrine and Covenants say on page v:

"Certain lessons, entitled 'Lectures on Faith,'which were bound in with the Doctrine and Covenants in some of its former.issues, are not included in this

edition. Those lessons were prepared for use by the

School of the Elders, conducted in Kirtland, Ohio, during the winter of 18341835; but they were never

presented to nor accepted by the Church as being otherwise than theological lectures or lessons."]

2Loc. cit., verse 9.

—A Monkmeycr Photo

FEBRUARY 1957 89 Sugar Crystals UtahIdaho Sugar Company

We Walk By Faith been able to answer the question fully. However, science has learned that

(Continued from preceding page) 1880's a German chemist, Emil Fischin the case of sugar, if such a process

This article is written for the purer, attacked the subject with new of division occurs, in course of time a pose of examining a fragment of scimethods of investigation; and to the particle of sugar will be obtained

ence for the faith it requires. It is not joy of science, cleared up the hitherto which is so small that if it is divided

an attempt to prove the existence of mysterious group of sugars in the or broken, the fragments will no longGod or the divine mission of Joseph most thorough and simple manner. er be sugar, but something entirely

Smith, except as the readers may apProfessor Fischer, mainly through different. This smallest piece of

ply the results for themselves, but this work, became one of the most sugar is called a molecule of sugar.

simply an effort to show that natural celebrated scientists of the day, and The size of such a molecule cannot be science as well as theology requires a few years ago was given the highest comprehended by the human mind;

a faith which is the assurance of the honor the German chemist knows: its smallness seems infinite. The

existence of things not seen. the head professorship of chemistry in mortal eye, though aided by the most

The subject chosen for investigathe Imperial University at Berlin. powerful microscopes of modern days,

tion is one of the most brilliant reHow this man did this famous work could not distinguish a sugar molesults of recent science and is the can be understood in detail only by cule, or even a pile of thousands of boast of the champions of modern those who have a knowledge of orthem; placed on the tongue, there

progress. It is somewhat intricate to ganic chemistry; what his results are would be no sensation of sweetness,

present to those not familiar with the can be understood by every careful for the sense of taste is far too gross particular branch of science to which reader. to recognize one molecule; though it

it belongs, but an effort to follow the A brief review of some elementary were hurled against our body with exposition will have its reward. scientific facts, known to all, will the velocity of lightning, we should

It is generally known that several perhaps make the discussion clearer. not feel the impact. To all our senses,

sugars exist; as, for instance, the sugar A piece of white crystallized glucose, the molecule is wholly unknown;

made from starch, called glucose, and such as is used by candy makers, may and, no doubt, shall remain so while used by the candy makers; the white easily be divided into two or three the earth is as it is. Yet the existence

'or brown sugar crust on raisins; the pieces by a stroke with a hammer. of such a particle is as certain as is

sugar obtained from sugar beets or Each of the pieces may be broken into the existence of the sun in the high sugar cane; the sugar in milk; and similar pieces, and this process of heavens.

many others not so wellknown in division continued until the sugar A natural question is, when this daily life. These sugars are all very powder is as fine as dust. Still, each molecule of glucosesugar is divided,

much alike in appearance, taste, and particle of sugar dust may be divided into what does it change? Science

most of their properties. They are again and again, if we have instruhas investigated this question, and

extremely important to the human ments fine enough to continue the tells us that each glucosemolecule is race, as they are necessary in some process. A question which philosophy made up of six small particles of carform or other for the support of life. asked itself near its beginning was bon, twelve particles of hydrogen,

For many years, although many emithis: Is it possible to keep on dividing and six of oxygen. Carbon or charnent men have devoted much study a dust particle of sugar (or of any coal is known to all; hydrogen and

to the question, the nature of the other substance) forever; or is there oxygen are two gases which are consugars was not clearly understood, a particle of sugar so small that it stituents of water. The particles of

and the reason for their differences cannot be divided again? Neither scicarbon in the glucose molecule are so

was especially obscure. Early in the ence nor abstract philosophy has yet small that if one were divided it

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA would no longer be carbon; the same Referring to the above diagrams, it ply as the ultimate causes of effects

with the particles of hydrogen and will be seen that the six carbon parthat he may note with his physical oxygen; if divided, they would ticles or atoms are held together in a senses. Does theology require more?

change into something else—into straight line; and that the hydrogen Does any sane man, in asking us to

what is not yet known to man. These and oxygen atoms are attached to the believe in God, for instance, attempt

smallest particles are called atoms of carbon atoms, but in different ways. to describe him in detail? We know

charcoal,'hydrogen, and oxygen. If, In some cases the O-H combination is God only in part, and hold that in

instead of an atom of charcoal, we on one side of the carbon line, in our present state we are not capable use the letter C; for atoms of hydroothers, on the other side. A little study of knowing him fully; even as the stu-'

gen and oxygen, H and O; the molewill show that, although each ardent shall never know the atoms fulcule of glucose may be written rangement contains six particles of ly, so long as he has only the senses

C, SH 120,;. These are also indispucarbon, twelve of hydrogen and six of he can use on this earth.

table facts of science. oxygen, because of the difference in The scientist goesfarther than this,

This much was known when Proarrangement, they are far from being however, for he asks us not only to fessor Fischer began his work. In adidentical. This explains very simply have faith in the invisible, untastablc,

dition, it was known that several the cause of the difference in sugars unfeelable atoms, but also in the sugars occurred in nature, the smalwith the same formula. This relative exact manner in which these atoms

lest particles of which contained the arrangement of the atoms in the moleare arranged within the molecule.

same number of carbon, hydrogen, cule has been determined by Dr. True, it is claimed only that the reand oxygen atoms, i. e, had the same Fischer for nearly all of the common lative arrangement is known; but the

still leads us far beyondformula, C i;H 12O fi, and yet differed sugars. Not only that, but because of faith required

from each other in some of their his greater experience, he has been the simple faith in atoms. Has any

properties. It was the cause of this able to build up new sugars and deman asked us to believe that he can

difference which the eminent German fine with almost absolute certainty tell us the structure of God's dweldiscovered. After many years of patheir molecular structure. ling? No principle in the religion

tient labor, he announced that the Without any further study of detaught by the Latterday Saints resugars with similar molecules differed tails, let us now examine the facts quires a larger faith than this. And

from each other because the atoms stated for the faith they require of still greater faiths are required for within the molecules were arranged us—or of the scientist. We are first other and deeper subjects in science.

differently. This had been suspected of all asked to believe in the existence The only difference that can exist

before, and Fischer did not stop with of particles, unknowable to our between the faith in theology and the this; he showed definitely what the senses, the molecules; then, to believe chemistry of sugars is the relative

arrangement and differences of arin still smaller particles, the atoms, value of the evidence upon which we rangement are. His results were supwhich compose the molecules, but base the faiths. That subject does not

ported by such experimental evidence whose relative weights and general come within the province of this arthat they were accepted without hesiproperties have not been determined. ticle, although the writer may be altation by the scientific world. It is not Here a faith is required in "things lowed to state that from his personal

possible here to go into this intensely that cannot be seen"and in the studv, the evidence for faith in God interesting paragraph of science and properties of these "things."It is and his plan of salvation is far

tell how new sugars were discovered true that the modern thinker does not greater and more convincing than and old ones defined by this brilliant pretend to describe, in detail, the that for the constitution of the work. For the purpose of this article, atoms, their shapes, hardness, color, sugars. And the latter the clearest

it will be sufficient to quote a few of and other properties; he does not thinkers and experimenters of the day

the results. need all that for the certainty of their hold to be facts absolutely estabexistence. He looks upon them simlished. It was found, for instance, that

the molecules of three of the most "Absolute facts?"some will say.

common sugars had the following "We have only your word that these structures: 3 'M'l/n/'ttifJfM statements regarding the sugars are

I. II. III. true."Such an objection, although

H2 COH H 2 COH H2 COH perfectly proper, does not make the

HOCH HOCH HOCH statement false; and anyone who

HOCH HOCH HCOH wishes to convince himself directly of

HCOH HCOH HCOH the truth of the matter must cultivate

HOCH CO HOCH a sufficient knowledge of chemistry to

HC-O H 2-COH HC-O follow and repeat the work which has

Dextrose 4 Laevulose 4 Galactose 4 led to the conclusions stated in this 'f/m'M article. The above question, how3The formulas are taken from Tollens, Hankbuck

der Kohlenhydrate, Band 2, p. 14. ever, leads to a consideration of the

the laevulose to form 4Dextrose combine and ordimanner in which the scientist is unite beet galactose sugar. Dextrose cane ornary and

far sugar, as as is found, milk whichto form all laevuDextrose, of in the milkknown, mammals.

lose, galactose to raffinose, sugar, a form unite and is—Courtesy, Western Beet Sugar Producers, Inc. broughtdo not comeinto attheseonce,greatas a faiths."great Theywakis beet, quantities found in sugar the in smallwhich

andabundantis wellin knownthe symps,in the andsugarproducesfactories,lengthened,for it is A single sugar molecule contains atoms of ening light,"but slowly, through a sharp, sugar crystals. carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen. (Continued on page 126)

c

FEBRUARY 1957 91 I

evening. an exquisite was autumn 21H'fills, line of whose young Jew, everyIt A

handsome face and stalwart figure denoted kingship, stood on the Palatine Hill and gazed admiringly over the "Eternal City."He absorbed the

beauty of the scene, not only, as hethought, through the eyes, but also To be a he breathed and heard and tasted it.

In departing, the sun had flung a regal cloak of burnished gold, now gradually turning to purple,'over thevineclad hills. Sultanlike, its final RING

and tenderest caress was bestowed

its palaceupon favorite—the grounds by Hugh J. Cannon

Tiberius emperor, Claudiusof the

Nero, where the young man stood. A FORMER EDITOR OF THE ERA

Landscape more attractive was seldom to be found, however diligent Tiberius became emperor, but the temples to heathen deities, and had the search, and its natural beauty was gratitude he owed his early friend been consecrated king at Rome with was never forgotten; and because of many heathenish rites most offensiveaugmented on this occasion by the

soft and luminous atmosphere. On it, and not less on account of David's to the orthodox believer.

every hand were villas whose spacious charming personality as well as his Herod Antipas, the present tetrarch gardens, adorned with artistic statstrength of character, he had become of Galilee and Perea, and the degenuary and marble fountains, were still much attached to the youth. If not erate son of a wicked father, Herod

responding with an abundance of publicly offering encouragement, he the Great, was neither deserving of, flowers, while vine and tree offered had done nothing to discourage the nor entitled to, the position he held.

luscious gifts fit for Caesar's table. father during his lifetime, and had Reputable men, even among his close

Perhaps no spot could have been done much to build up the hopes of friends, were offended, and those less found on the face of the globe better the son, that some day he should be friendly were incensed at his flagrant calculated to inspire alluring dreams, made king over the people whom he conduct with his niece and sisterin- and the youth was in a mood to listen loved so intensely. law, Herodias, whom he had stolen

to ambition's seductive voice. David was standing almost on the while a guest under his brother

David, a direct descendant of John identical spot where, somewhat more Philip's roof. The recent defeat inHyrcanus, the founder of the Jewish than threescore and ten years preflicted upon Herod by the Arabian

monarchy and restorer of the indeviously the emperor, Tiberius Claudking, Aretas, father of his abandoned pendence of his race, had been reared ius Nero, was born. On this same wife, who had fled indignantly to the

with the idea that some day it would hill Herod the Great stood when he paternal home, had seriously weakbe his duty to rule over his native had made his visit to Rome and sucened his position.

land of Judea and adjacent districts. ceeded in enlisting the support of Neither was Pontius Pilate, the

His parents, now deceased, had Marc Anthony and Octavius, and, Roman procurator of Judea, firmly planted in David's heart the ambition accompanied by Roman troops, had established in his place. To him nothto rule, and it had grown with his returned to Jerusalem and ascended ing Jewish was sacred, and the mutgrowth. In preparation for such posithe throne, thus becoming the first terings of discontent and even open

tion he had been given every opporforeign king of Judea. revolt which followed some of his

tunity to study the art of war and But how flimsy were his claims to arbitrary and cruel acts had been in no less degree the arts of peace. rule over the Jews as compared with heard in Rome by Tiberius.

's ancestors were It was expected, therefore, by DaTo this end he had spent many years David's! The latter

in Alexandria, Athens, and Rome, and kings, descended through the loins of vid and his supporters that the plan had drunk deeply from the wells of David from the blessed Jacob, when to remove both these officials and to learning and felt that a sure foundathe Idumean Herods were barbarous appoint in their place one who had tion upon which to build had been cavedwellers, descendants of Esau. the confidence of the people, who was

prepared for him. For many years there had been enentitled by birth to govern, and who,

Though of the race hated by the mity between the two families. Herod withal, was a close friend of the

Romans, the youth was already loved was responsible for the capture of emperor's, would appeal to the allby the present unloving emperor, Hyrcanus, David's grandfather, by powerful monarch.

Tiberius, and in those days (and the Parthians and his imprisonment To obtain the support of Tiberius, when was it otherwise?) all loved for several years at Babylon. After David had journeyed to Rome, and

him whom Caesar loved. The emhis return to Jerusalem, he was exein the course of their last interview

peror had been the boyhood associate cuted by order of Herod, and the the usually silent and uncommuniof David's father and later, during memory of this act had kept alive the cative ruler had said:

the gloomy days in Rhodes, he bebitterness in the present generation. "David, the weight of my years

came the recipient of most valuable A Jew only by profession, Herod bears heavily upon me. I long for

assistance from his childhood playhad rebuilt the holy temple, but had peace. Will you as king be as acceptmate. After the death of Augustus, also reared countless magnificent able to the majority of the leaders

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of your 'people, the Jews, as you are ried to swift fulfilment. In his mind which he had mentally painted of

to me?"he already beheld a reunited kingdom his future.

"I have every assurance that such of Judea embracing all the lands inHis reverie was interrupted by a will be the case."habited by the chosen race. To this slight and reluctant touch from his

"Then you may rely upon my supkingdom the dispersed throughout the favorite servant, a man of gigantic port. But move cautiously, and world would flock, and he saw himstature.

crystallize sentiment in your favor. self upon the throne, ruling with Made forgetful of present surroundCultivate Herod, and particularly his justice and righteousness and making ings by his absorbing mental pictures,

friends. Of course you cannot win of his oppressed people a mighty facthe interruption startled David.

him, but you may win them, and tor in the world's affairs. The govDarkness, unnoticed, had come upon

your selection must be popular, one ernment should be refashioned, and them, and instead of sun, stars were causing unity and not division among by wisely directed industry, the barshining.

the people."ren places be made fruitful. His should "What is it, Hassan?"he asked

of plenty. longer kindly. be a kingdom No

detest Herod "But I so much that tearfully the daughters of Zion "Pardon me, my master, but you for would profess friendlinessI cannot even hang their silent harps on the willows have had a hard day, and many such him."along the rivers'banks. Eyes weary are before you. Had you not better

The emperor, displeased, retorted with watching for Judca's salvation eat and rest?"

sharply, "Are you going to do this should find rest. Instead of mourning "It is a wise suggestion, but I can

thing in your way or mine? My supin the land, there should be music hardly tear myself from this place.

port will not be given if there is and gladness. With his kingly linHassan, do you know why I love

serious opposition to you. As one eage, wealth, training, and, as he you?"

destined to rule, you must smile sincerely believed, his natural fitness "It is kind of you, my master, to suavely upon those you hate until to govern, it needed but the support ask the question, but I cannot answer in a position to crush them. Will you of a Caesar to bring these hopes to it."

heed my words?"fruition. "I loved you first because of your

The promise was given, though reThe hour of his own opportunity perfect body, so tall, so straight, so luctantly, and the emperor terminated was about to dawn! He would achieve strong. Then, after knowing you

the interview. David's lifelong dream immortal fame; and no artist, howbetter, I came to love your character

was about to be realized. His plans ever skilful, could have produced a because it is as perfect as your body.

were made; now they must be carpicture the equal in beauty of that Words cannot express my overwhelming love of beauty. That is why I

linger over this perfect scene."

"You love intensely, my master;

your country, its people, your gardens and flowers—even your servants."Then the man hesitated.

"May I be so bold as to say something more?""Surely, Hassan. Why do you

hesitate?""I have feared that if you ever should love unwisely it might prove your undoing."

David was amused. "And yet,

Hassan,"he continued more soberly, "there may be deep wisdom in what you say. Love unwisely! I shall try

to profit by the suggestion. But we

must move on. When the sun looks

again upon this spot, we must be many miles hence; then on to Alexandria, to Jerusalem! I hunger for

the rolling of the sea, for the motion of our fleet camels, for our camping places at the oases, for the sight of the date palms of Egypt and for the figtrees of Judea. And what, think

you, awaits us there, Hassan?"

"Success, my master. Is it not a

recorded prophecy?"

"Yes, and the emperor is pledged to its fulfilment. But kingdoms come

not by idle dreaming. Enough of that

(Continued on page 108) FEBRUARY 1957 93 There Were Jaredi+es

by Dr. Hugh Nibley

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

"That is what Chadwick says exceptions were the only buildings to

OUR OWN PEOPLE here,"Schwulst volunteered, "'... survive, they have given the world

Concluded Archaeological evidence demonstrates the impression that the ancients never the existence of the conditions rebuilt of anything but stone! Pliny,

Perhaps the greatest and certainquired by a heroic story at a given like St. Jerome, even claims that it

ly one of the longest of all heroic place and time, though it can supply is immoral to build of stone, and cercultures was that of the East no names, unless writing is found,'39 tainly before his day there was very "yet, though continued, F. 43Iranians,"building that little add, unless, stone in Rome. might we to—and learned already people 'hadthose wood, course, is no read. that, where there writing can be "Of Without

dwell in fixed habitations'the (Avesta all we can hope for is a general indithat is another problem. In the Near

has a great deal to say about their cation of the type of thing indicated East we know from many sources castles), archaeologymagnificent acute shortage classic specific. timber was illusthat the The has—nothing to light a single edificenot yet brought to build there times: Schliein early they had course, tration of that is, of

44 But consider Europe inbuilt at this early period.36 One might mann's discovery of Troy. Today of stone.

list a hundred great and mighty naevery schoolboy knows that the city contrast. Scandinavian bogs have

tions of old, the reality of whose which Schliemann identified as Hobrought forth an abundance of articles existence and whose deeds there canmer's Troy was not Homer's Troy; in metal, leather, wool, and wood

not be the slightest doubt, since literwhat is not often realized is that no that show the presence of a high, even ary and historical evidence for them city in the mound of Hissarlik has brilliant, civilization, while the recis abundant, yet of whose deeds and been identified as Troy, and that to ords tell of most wonderful cities and buildings not the slightest physical this day the ruins of Hissarlik are still castles, such as the fabulous Jomsborg;

trace remains. properly referred to by archaeologists yet no traces of those castles and cities

"Of course heroic peoples built as 'the presumed site of Troy.'40 Yet have been found save earthen mounds

much, as all their records tell us they Homer has described the city of Troy and embankments. The Welsh tales

did, but the trouble is that none of at far greater length and in far more are full of mighty castles, yet long and the stuff can be identified. The situadetail than the Book of Mormon decareful search failed to reveal a single

tion is thus stated by Chadwick: scribes any city. In view of that, can stone ruin older than the time of the

'Archaeological evidence is abundant, we hope for any better luck in invader Edward I, who brought the though not as a rule entirely satisAmerica? fashion of stone castles to Britain

factory. Great numbers of raths or "The main trouble seems to be that from the Near East, where he had

earthen fortresses, usually more or these people did not build of stone. been crusading.

less circular, still exist, and very many In all the epics we have mentioned, "An official account of Roman in the stories enuof Justinian are mentioned time of the them from or castles specifically are castles great the is to strongheroic problemof the imperial five age.'37 The hundred merates to indirectly been built have shown

identify them. Nowhere have these of wood. Even the few stone edifices holds, and yet, while the stone

mounds and barrows been more exwhich have survived, such as the first temples and amphitheatres built at haustively studied through the years royal tombs of Egypt, display, as the same time and the same places still of yet one of the diggers survive, in England; not a scrapthan of still nature notes, the nomadic Ricke

45 found. a given castles been whether those has ever agree oncannot of their detail builders, every their

mound is Celtic, Roman, Norman, construction being in careful imitation The explanation is obvious: until the

StoneAge, Saxon, Danish, or even of the wooden beams and boards and end of the Middle Ages, stone buildlate Middle Ages. They have been the matting walls and hangings of ing was almost entirely unknown in

of that same for ambassadorguessing Europe. hundreds An is equally models. original This of years, and the

Attila destill to the court of goes on."38 Justinian the game as the palaces, as well true of the

"May I be allowed to point out,"tombs of heroic royalty, whether in scribes the great imperial city and

Blank interposed, "that 'earthen fortEgypt, Persia, or Babylon: they are huge castle of that mighty conqueror

resses, more or less circular'are exactall faithful reproductions of wood and as being all of wood."46

ly what used to be found in great cloth originals. 11 Again, the few "But surely there were some great

abundance all over the eastern United surviving temples of Greece are natheroic structures of stone!"cried F.

States; and there again it is the same urally of stone, yet they still preserve "Think of Troy and Mycenae!"

story: a given mound might be almost in marble all the meticulous details "The mighty Cyclopean works of

anything, and every possible age and of the boards, logs, pegs, and joinings the Mycenaean and Hittite fortressdate has been attributed to some of of the normal Greek temple, which palace complexes are the exception them, from prehuman to Spanish. was of wood. 42... But for a few monthat proves the rule,"Schwulst reIt may well be that Jaredite remains umental exceptions, the ancients (save plied, "for Cyclopaean masonry is

still exist: the problem is, as with all in the Near East) seem almost never decidedly not a style of construction

heroic remains, to identify them."to have built of stone: but since those employed by people long accustomed

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to working in stone. It is a skilful written records constantly refer to the Greeks founded colonies far away and

shift, an intelligent step in the adopHeliopolis as the religious and politwent so far eastwards cannot have been tion of a new medium, or else, as has ical center of everything through long disconnectedbut must needsraidshaveof beensmallbackedrovingby bandssome recently been suggested, a deliberate centuries; yet generations of the most power, even if it was a loose feudal organattempt to build in the 'megalithic'exhaustive searching failed so comization. The seat of this power was Mystyle, keeping the stones deliberately pletely to turn up so much as a single cenae, at least in the beginning of the Late

irregular. But this style is exceedingly button or bead to show where HeliopMycenaeantivity set in age,and whena largea greatpalace,buildingthe greataclaborious, awkward, and expensive, olis had stood that until the very ring wall with the Lion Gate, the Grave

and is never long continued. It never recent discovery of a predynastic Circle, and the statliest of tholos tombs

becomes a style."47 cemetery on the spot, some of the were erected. 30

"Isn't it rather strange that wanderforemost investigators, such as Miss ing nomads should build cities at all?"Baumgartel, insisted with fervor and "There you have it: the invaders

F. asked. conviction that there never had been spread into new lands and take them

"Not if they are engaged in the such a place, though the written docover, but they do it systematically, kind of nomadism we have been deuments are full of it! I could give their movements being controlled and

scribing in these discussions. Actualyou scores of other examples just like directed from a main center, where a

ly the strange thing is that the that."49 magnificent complex of headquarters

is to buildings, so speak, erected. This cities of everbuilding should have say,"Blank, asked "Wouldn't you

is found everywhere have what we to attributed farmers,been who significant "that the thing about most in discussions."our likeneither as the nor them, need is cities the that Jaredite not they were

it is safe generalize to about "But of civilizationcase a peasant many great, or that they mighty, but many,

F. a the as ancient world whole?"Cities adprimarilywill are show. all built at instead of once, were up dubiously. asked somewhat centers,ministrative commercial and for evolving? gradually examHere,

is all "It that the the leading thing of for operationbases wideranging ple, 'did read that Coriantum we reare doing Schwulst today,"men soldiers,rulers, rather merchants, and cities,'build (Ether mighty many torted, to they what "and seem know for places truck gardenmarketthan later 'did build 9:23) and Shez up best overall are they about. The isers. a general growing and There cities land'of face the the upon many

is is presat to that picture date which that students todayawareness among as 'began the people out and moved ent presented being Claude by cities evolveancient did not from of all to face again spread over the of excavator Schaefrer, the eminent villages as once thoughtfarming was land.'a the Morianton, (10:4.)

to be the invariable rule. The names descendant of Shez, not only gained Ras ShamraUgarit, that ancient

all cultural center the and at which cities in are themselves ancientof cities over but power (10:9), many ancient ethnic lines of the East came of their foundingevidence by enough cities''built also (10:12) he up many

carefully Schaeffcr together. comindividuals: aregreat almost They after total collapse in restoring a land

archaeologithe pared and correlated thealways after just so, great a names of persons—human and revival;

48 centers cal findings at all the main divine.or people the under slump and revival,

From prehistoric Egypt and MesoKing Lib 'built a great city by the of ancient civilization, from Asia potamia to the remotest regions of narrow neck of land,'(10:20), just Minor to the heart of Asia (as far as

allow), materials available would stretches the farthestthe North and first seen that the have Pharaoh as we significant and came up with most it isof Asia the same story: The order a establishing great did upon new

conquerors are the great citybuilders, in Egypt. Also we find that cities and consistent pictures. Six times

and the cities last no longer than could vanish as quickly as they arose, between 2400 and 1200 B.C., he distheir empires. Indeed there is a great as when Shiz 'did overthrow manv covers, all the principal centers of the

deal of evidence for the custom of cities... and he did burn the cities.'ancient world were destroyed, and

requiring each king to inaugurate his (14:17.) Now granted that there may each time they all went up in flames

reign with the building of a new be cities on the earth which have and down in earthquake ruins together.'Earthquake, famine, plague,capital—a system which adds greatly grown up on the evolutionary patto the complexity of early Egyptian tern of hutto-hamletto-villageto- and weather were to blame for this

history. town, and so forth, it must be adseries of worldwide catastrophes,

"There are a few perennial centers, mitted that our book of Ether cities according to Schaefrer, who puts most such as Babylon, Thebes, and Rome, were not of that kind. They are defiof the blame on earthquakes. After

but where are the others? In the nitely of the 'heroic'variety, which each of these major worldcollapses,

center of every great epic cycle there are now known to have arisen and we find a sharp diminution in poplooms one great supercenter, with perished all over the ancient world, ulation, while people everywhere its fabulous castle and its manygated but which leave only a very drab and revert to a nomadic way of life and city—-Camelot, Tara, Susat, Troy, undramatic type of ruins if they leave great invading hordes of mixed racial

Sigtun, Heliopolis, Liere, Assur, etc.; any at all."and linguistic stocks sweep down

yet after generations of searching, "Professor Nilsson has given us a from the more sorely afflicted areas ternone of these mighty centers has ever good description of the type of thing to the more fortunate ones—the

been located with certainty. We have that went on,"Dr. Schwulst observed ror they bring with them being

already mentioned Troy, but no less as he sought out a passage: actually less than that which they

persistent has been the search for On are leaving behind. Of the first of

or Heliopolis in Egypt. The earliest 'For the great expeditions through which (Continued on page 122)

FEBRUARY 1957 95 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRISTVIII

Jesus

Begins

His Ministry

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

Jesus had completed his thirty years of preparation. He had

demonstrated to the world the necessity of baptism and receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost by himself partaking of these ordinances, although as a perfect being he needed no forgiveness of sin. He had spent

forty days in fasting and prayer in the wilderness. Even in his weakened

physical condition he had overcome the dire temptations of Satan. He

was now ready to proceed with his work.

Coming out of the wilderness, he again made his appearance along the

Jordan River where his cousin, John, was preaching and baptizing. The The wedding at Cana from a painting by Carl Block.

Baptist, diligent in carrying out his assignment as a messenger or forerunner, had continually declared that dan River, rushing down from the approaching him thus? Perhaps they

Jesus was the Son of God, the north, empties into the Sea of Galhad better find out where he was promised Messiah. ilee. With others of their fellow staying and see him another time.

It was early March. The days were townsmen they had heard of the After all, it was getting late.

warm, the nights cold. One evening prophet preaching in the wilderness And so they simply asked, "Master,

about the time the sun was setting, and baptizing in the Jordan and had where dwellest thou?"

as John watched the Savior walking, left their boats and their nets to seek But Jesus did not put them off.

he pointed Jesus out to two of his him out. He knew them, and he knew what

followers or disciples, declaring, "BeBelieving his message they had they wanted. Instead of pointing out

hold the Lamb of God!"One of been baptized and now eagerly his quarters or telling them where he

these men was called Andrew. We awaited the coming of the Christ who was staying, he invited them to his

assume the other to have been John, John had promised would confer the place of abode, saying, "Come and who was afterward known as the Holy Ghost upon them. Eagerly, yet see.

"beloved"apostle. As author of the timidly, the two followed. Jesus, So they went with him. How we

book of John, the only gospel which perhaps hearing their footsteps, would like to have shared in that gives an account of these events, he turned and waited. When they apexperience, which may have lasted

did not mention his own name. But proached him, he kindly asked, far into the night. How favored, were

the details that are given are enough "What seek ye?"these two young men in being the

to warrant our supposition that John Imagine the feelings of these two first to hear the gospel from the lips wrote this account from memory, young Galilean fishermen. They of the Savior himself! Had there been

having actually participated in the were standing in the presence of the any question about their testimony wonderful happenings. man John said was the Son of God. before, surely there was none now.

John and Andrew were humble How could they answer his question? And when they left, how anxious

fishermen who lived in the town of Had they made a mistake in followthey were to spread the good word

Bethsaida in Galilee where the Joring him like this? If he were truly to their family and friends!

they did not doubt the Christ, and this in references All scriptural Note: their (Continued on page 98) word, he appreciate would artiJohn's 2. 1, cle the Gospel of John, are from

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a'Seek Ye Out of the Best Books Words of Wisdom"-D&C 88:118

LDS Books Club Happily announces as its February selection

THE GREAT NEW BOOK A LOOK AT MORMONISM By Benjamin Alward

I The first book of its kind ever to be 'f our membership in the LDS Books Club will printed for the Latterday Saints, this help enable you to increase your knowllovely volume tells the story of the edge of the gospel, assist you in building your testimony, and give you these additional A LOOK AT Church and its people in a graphic and advantages:

MORMONISM fascinating way. Covering the many

facets of Church activity and accomplishSAVINGS ments, it contains 380 striking pictures, of about 20% through a free bonus book beautifully reproduced by lithography. plan.

Appropriate captions, descriptions and CAREFUL SELECTION explanations make the pictures all the of ALL books recommended.

old alike meaningful. more Young and

it thrill will at its contents, will CONVENIENCE and make a handsome and treasured addiof books delivered to your door.

tion to your library. Size 7Vi"x ICP/2". METHODICAL

$4.00. way of adding to your library.

WHY WAIT LONGER? BEST NEW LDS BOOKS

You owe it to yourself and family as they come from the press.

to add some choice Church books to your library during 1957. Now is OLDER LDS CLASSICS

the time to act. such as Jesus The Christ, listed below.

HOW THE CLUB PLAN WORKS FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON TODAY!

1. You join the club by ordering the book LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

"A Look at Mormonism"or one of the four Gentlemen:

alternates described in the coupon. You may

enroll of Please and send CLUB as a member me me the current BOOKS the LDS if desire. of you the books or more order two

selection, the, that I at alternate(s) below. I understand Look Mormonism, or/and A your with mail along Fill out the and coupon

selections receive free four book with a each bonus I buy. are will orders (G.O.D. order. or check money

accepted from U. S. or possessions.) Your NAME

selection will be mailed to you immediately.

2. Each month after you become a member ADDRESS

you will receive in the mail reviews of several CITY AND STATE books, carefully selected, with one named as the book of the month. If you wish to reAmount of Check or Money(UtahOrderresidentsenclosedadd $2% sales tax) Please send C.O.D. ||.

ceive the top book you do nothing—it will be Please send A Look at Mormonism—$4.00.

with postpaid, mail, along the sent to you in—ALTERNATES—

If the book, dostatement. not want you a Please Send

you return the post card provided for an Lehi in the Desert, (New Edition), Jesus The Christ, alternate choice (or none at all). by Dr. Hugh Nibley $3.00 by Dr. James E. Talmage $3.00

3. After you have purchased four books, a Reference text for Melchizedek Priesthood A study of the Messiah and his mission,

fifth will be sent you FREE. You select this lessons this year. MIA reading course book for two years.

bonus book from a long list of choice Church Teachings of the New Testament, Tell Me a Story $3.00

faith prodelightful, L. adventurous Dr. $3.50 50 and Bennion Lowell by will be provided. which books

taken people, stories for young moting of significant discussion authoritative An order only four books during need 4. You Friend. the Children's from of Christ. teachings religious moral and

the year, but you may order one or more each month, if you desire. If you do not wish to mutilate this page, send information required on a separate sheet.

FEBRUARY 1957 9T Jesus Begins His Ministry (Continued from page 96) Ilievestsaw theethou? underthou shaltthe figseetree,greaterbethese. things than

let importance, brother, his no one of any he thought, must Simon Andrew "... Verily, I say unto you, Hereall first all. of least of MessiahPeter, to the promised Hurrying know

him Andrew excitedly told him that could come from such a place. His after ye shall see heaven open, and

he and John had found the Christ. skepticism of his friend's discovery the angels of God ascending and deOne can imagine that Andrew lost was reflected in his cynical reply, scending upon the Son of man."

no time in leading his brother to which was probably accompanied by These disciples and others whom the Savior so he could share the in- a hearty laugh, "Can there any good Jesus called early to follow him were expressible joy of meeting and being thing come out of Nazareth?"prepared to accept the truth when

taught by him. When Jesus saw they heard it. With these faithful

Simon approaching, and before an disciples, Jesus made his way to the introduction could be made, he said, town of Cana, undoubtedly to see his "Thou art Simon the son of Jonah: mother who was there attending a

thou shalt be called Cephas, which is wedding.

by interpretation, A stone."Marriages were great occasions

The significance of being given a among the Jews. According to cusname or being renamed by a divine tom they were held in the home of

being was well known among the the groom and were the responsibility

Jews. We remember that the angel of his family rather than the respontold Mary, the mother of the Savior, sibility of the family of the bride, as

that her babe should be called Jesus. is the case among us today. Much

To Zacharias, in the temple, came rejoicing and celebrating took place, instructions to give the name of John usually for a period of seven days.

to the baby who would be born to Singing, dancing, and feasting made his wife, Elizabeth. In olden times, up the activities.

the Lord had changed the name of To the wedding, Jesus and his the great prophet Abram to Abraham, disciples made their way. Because of

and of father Jacob to Israel. the prominent part Mary took in the

festivities, it is not illogical to suppose

It was indeed a great honor to

Simon, upon first meeting the Savior, that she andJesus were relatives of the groom. to his to a changed have name a stone. a Some have speculated that it was that meant It wasword

sign that he, even as Abraham and Philip was not to be discouraged by because of the unexpected presence of

Israel, had been chosen for special such a reaction, but this was no time Jesus and his disciples at the party work before the foundations of the for further words. He knew that the that a shortage of wine developed.

earth were laid. best way for his friend to be conThe juice of the grape was a common

verted was to meet the Savior himtable beverage of the time, as essenhis with day, Jesus The following as the feast or part a of the meal self. "Come and see,"he said tial

all of found disciples,newly men tables today. or our milk is on punch confidently.

trip into started the backGalilee, responsibilEither some had Mary to Jesus. As Nawent two The province, a journeytheir which home else ity matter, or she assumed in the Savior, the thanael Jesus approached

foot. taken Along been on havemust divine of Son's her knowing said, and in it, Israelite indeed, "Behold an

disciple chose anotherthe way, Jesus request, saying a subtle powers, is made guile!"must These no words whom

the This me.""Follow wordswith

to wine."him, have no this "They to quite a shock young been have

man's and was Philip, name have answer, what His Israelite, "Woman, truly an and he, like man. was He

converted seeminglythe others, was is not I to with thee? mine hour do live to tried a righteous always he had

immediately. life. But how did this man know? yet come,"seems harsh to us. But

So impressed was Philip with Jesus, "Whence knowest thou me?"he it was not intended to be so. Transand so brightly did the flame of the asked. lations of words from one language

gospel burn in his heart, that he lost Jesus replied that he had seen him to another often do not convey the no time in looking up a friend by under a fig tree before Philip had shade of meaning intended by the the name of Nathanael, whom he found him. The circumstances were speaker. Had the feeling been transfound under a fig tree. Can you picsuch that Nathanael knew that Jesus lated rather than just the words, in

ture with what excitement Philip could not have seen him under the English the Savior's reply might have exclaimed to his friend, fig tree with his natural eye, nor been, "Mother, why should I be con- "We have found him, of whom could he have known that he was cerned with this?"In any event,

Moses in the law, and the prophets, there. To have such a power this man Mary seemed to. know, first of all,

did write, Jesus of Nazareth, the son must indeed be the longawaited Mesthat Jesus did have the divine power, of Joseph."siah of whom he and his friends had and secondly that he would help her

Now Nathanael was from the viltalked so many times. It was enough. out of a difficult situation. She inlage of Cana, located about five miles He was convinced. "Rabbi,"(masstructed the servants to do whatever

northeast of Nazareth, and must have ter), he said, "thou art the Son of he asked.

visited Nazareth many times. He God; thou art the king of Israel."Near the entrance to the house

knew that this little mountain village Jesus answered with a question and a were six jars in which the family kept was small, poor, and isolated. Surely promise, "Because I said unto thee, (Continued on page 102)

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For the seventh consecutive year the Utah Kennecott also participates in many other

Copper Division of Kennecott Copper Corpocommunity projects. It contributes to educaration is presenting a series of 13 onehour tion through grants to schools, colleges and

transcribed broadcasts featuring the Utah universities throughout the state, and it helps

Symphony Orchestra under the direction of support a wide variety of health and welfare

Maurice Abravanel. These weekly high fidelity organizations. This is part of its own well

programs bring great music into the homes of established tradition of being a good neighbor, thousands of Utahns who are unable to attend helping to build a better Utah.

the concerts at the Tabernacle. The Kennecott Symphony Hour is now on

Fine music is a traditional part of Utah's KSLRadio, 1160 on your dial, every Monday cultural life. Kennecott sponsors this series as (except February 4) at 8:30 p.m. The series

a good citizen helping to perpetuate a worthwill continue through April 8. We invite you and

while community tradition. your family to be our guests at each concert.

Illllllll

....::::..,

mMmMt fvill::-;: i->: 3iitii:iii-::::::: ":..::;;-:::.:..-:::::>":-::-:-:-:lifllPl Kennecott Copper Corporation

::.;:..,....SSiwiSJJi: iil.*:m -.:Sj;..... mmm m

"A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah"

FEBRUARY 1957 99 1 onraae to &arm I I I i e6oon5iT blilLv Richard L. Evans I

2 t Memory isn't always altogether reliable, with all the human I variables there are—and whether or not our memory I

on this point is altogether reliable we do not know, but I 2 sometimes it seems that there is less, or at least too little, I 1 willingness on the part of too many people to accept real I responsibility—for themselves or for their decisions, or for I

the soundness and success of enterprises or institutions, or, 2 in some instances, for much of anything at all. So many I

there are who seem to want to get out from under, with a I of socalled security amount and a minimum 7 maximum I responsibility. amount of (Some, it seems, are unwilling toSAFEWAY be responsible even for their own acts and utterances, and

I A Friend to are disposed to shift responsibility even for their own sins I

Farmers of the Future and shortcomings to circumstances altogether outside them- I if the world is to run-—if anything is to I Ezra Taft Benson has said: "In the selves.) And yet

ideological struggle of today, the run—if there is to be soundness and security, someone has I

productive genius of our farmers to take responsibility; someone has to make decisions; some- I

remains one of the Free World's one has to carry the weight and the worry; someone has to I

greatest assets. "- see that there is safety and solvency; someone has to face the

Safeway firmly believes that agrifacts—which not everyone is willing to do. But some who I

culture is the foundationstone of are less willing to carry any real weight seem to feel that I

Nation's our economy. they license to criticize unlimited have the decisions that I play the part a To in encouraging other to motives. make, misjudge and men Every honor or I young and men be women who will

office, privilege every or right carries real responsibility. with it of leaders the future, our farm Safe- I

way makes it a practice to particiEven the right of criticism carries with it real responsibility.

pate in 4-H and FFA Junior Stock And yet from the comfortable position of having little or no shows and similar events. responsibility, and of having the advantage of second sight, I

In 1956 Safeway took part in 25 2 men may harshly judge other men who have heavy responsi- I

Junior Stock shows at: Idaho Falls, bility, and who have to make decisions on first sight. It I

Blackfoot, Montpelier, Homedale, 2 takes courage to carry responsibility. It takes courage to I

Burley, Gooding, Twin Falls, Boise make decisions. It takes courage to take criticism—especially in Idaho; (2), and Cambridge Nampa

Vernal, Spanish Fork, Ferron, Cedar from those who won't share the risk or the weight or the I City, Salt Lake City, Murray, Ogden, i worry—especially from those who play little or no part in

Richfield and Duchesne in Utah; Ely the performance, but who reserve the right to criticize, irre- I

and Elko in Nevada; Rock Springs in sponsibly at times, those who do play a heavy part in the I

Wyoming, and Ontario in Oregon. 2 performance. Men after all are men. Some are wiser than I

A total of 242 animals, hogs, &*. others, some more able, some more informed, but we cannot 9

lambs, beeves, purchased were expect omniscience of or perfection of them. any We can I at of a cost $42,136.92.

integrity honor intelligence, and honesty, and prudence knows Safeway that what is good &h expect I courage. and candor and All these we may for agriculture UtahIdaho expect—these is good 2

qualities high of not omniscience not and for of Safeway. Encouragement character—but 2 I perfection. with cite before this thought And these again people is of great us, we young farm

importance to our farm future. these lines from Lincoln: "I do the very best I know how I

1 That's I SAFEWAY 2 the very best I can; and I mean to keep on doing so."

THE OF FAMILY IS A FRIEND about as much very best I men—the

... A AND 2 I they know to accept a share how—alongas men withmay aexpectwillingnessof

FRIEND OF THE FARMER 2 of responsibility, and with an awareness that there is no I 2 right without real responsibility—not even the right to I

criticize. I

&*. Abraham Lincoln. I SAFEWAY 1 I

Orr, Z/ke J>pohen lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL.AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING I

SYSTEM", DECEMBER 2, 1956 Copyright 1956 I I

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA this is your radio companion.... KSL

You'll find household chores will fly by And for variety programming and entertainwhen you listen while you work... Listen ment, you get companions like Godfrey,

to KSL your radio companion throughout Linkletter, John Barlow, Rolfe Peterson the day. and Amos 'N'Andy.

CBSKSL news companions stand by ready More sports fans listen to KSL, their sport throughout the world and the west to bring companion, where they get exciting action you on the spot reports of todays news as through the expert call of Tom Harmon it happens. and Dean Bennett.

make KSL radio your listening companion...all ways!

FEBRUARY 1957 101 Jesus Begins His Ministry

(Continued from page 98)

the supply of water from the well for daily household use.

"Fill the waterpots with water,"

Jesus said to the servants, and they filled them up to the brim.

"Draw out now and bear unto the governor of the feast,"Jesus instructed. The "governor of the feast"

served an honorary position in that day which we might assign to a master of ceremonies. So it was proper

to take the first cupful to him to let him know that it was available.

But when the servants drew out the liquid from the jars, it was not water at all but wine. When the

beverof tasted the the feast governorThe New it came, age, not whence knowing called the and repribridegroom he his for keeping mildly JOSEPH F. SMITH him manded

last, which was strictly FAMILY LIVING CENTER bestagainstwinetheuntilcustom.

opens to an expanding student body at miracle,Thus inJesusa smallperformedtown at hisa semifirst private celebration. The great eventBRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY was witnessed by few—his disciples,

BYU proudly invites inspection of this sparkling new the servants, his mother. Probably

two million dollar building which adds 20 classrooms, the most significant thing about the 28 laboratories, and 77 offices to the campus of the miracle was that it strengthened the

West's fastestgrowing university. Now in operation testimonies of his disciples, showing

just one month, it is unique in university buildings, them even more clearly that Jesus housing departments which contribute to wise and had supernatural powers, that he was—living family the Church gracious as fostered by has other the But it Son of God.

Textiles, of Clothing Economics and and Management significance, is something too. There the EducaFood and Nutrition, Home, Homemaking

tion, Housing and Design, Human Development and tender about his responding to his

Family Relationships, Sociology, Psychology, and the mother's request to help her out of entire School of Nursing. There is a place for YOU what might have been an embarrassat the Church university. ing situation.

For thirty years she had taught

Plan NOW to Attend and guided and nourished him and

Spring Quarter, March 19 in every way cared for his welfare. How sweet it is to realize that his

Summer School, June 10 first miracle was in her behalf! As

far as we know from recorded scripture, this is the only time she ever asked for such a favor. Responding

to her request demonstrated that even

still he a God, Jesus was Ever think what would happen if though his respected loved, honored, and a great mother. earthly taught He fire were to lay waste your home, well by lesson that be learned could

See the friendly Agent of the every son and daughter.

his mother, and Jesus, Cana, From CO. FIRE INSURANCE UTAH HOME a to disciples Capernaum, went your his be glad to help you check in your locality. He will

little the located toward lovely town policies.

Or see... northern end of the Sea of Galilee,

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. wherebefore theyagainremainedtaking thefor asouthwardfew days

General Agents trek to the holy city of Jerusalem to 20 South Main—Salt Lake City attend the feast of the Passover.

{To be continued)

Try a '57 IH tractor... see how it gives you

put to BETTER USE Relax in the seat of a new, more powerful IH tractor!

See how everything you touch puts power to better use

See how you poweraway hard work and high costs that used to wear you out and waste your time and money.

New increased power—in seven of 10 new IH tractors

—gives more snap and go... greater reserve power.

New FastHitch with TractionControl gives you traction that grows with the load! Handy lever lets you

match range of weight transfer to all soil conditions practically ends need for wheel weights.

New diesel models... new power spaced wheels...

new featheraction HydraTouch hydraulics—these

are typical IH advancements for '57.

Choose from "America's top ten"—to fit your needs

exactly! "Models unlimited"with dozens of options.

New McCormick Forma!! 450!

This 4-5-plow tractor has increased power, new FastHitch with TractionControl, improved HydraTouch hydraulics and other new 1 957 features.

Your IH dealer will gladly demonstrate power put to better use. See and try the

or International Farmall tractor far efficiency! greater farming bring you built to See the IH Power Line for '57

SEE YOURII at your IH dealer INTERNATIONAL Try the latest features—testdrive

DEALER the model that fits your needsHARVESTERInternational products for themselves Harvester pay in use—

... Construction Tractors. Farmall Trucks and.. Motor Equipment—McCormick GeneralFarm EquipmentOffice,

1. Illinois Chicago

FEBRUARY 1957 103 "I Cannot Read a Sealed Book"

(Continued from page 82)... And the learned shall say: Bring However the third interpretation,

I will read the them: book, and Mitchill recognized that Anthon and were hither and Mitchill Drs. Anthon

of of the glory the because now, And

Egyptian, is, I beas the charactersevidently to Martin recommended this, will gain, to get they say world, and

Harris as the outstanding linguistic and not for the glory of God. (See 2 Nephi lieve, the most probable. In 1828

and scientific scholars in the eastern 27:1516.) (Concluded on page 106)

United States, and so, because of their great learning and their brief assorrrMrri< >K ciation with Martin Harris, they I I unknowingly fulfilled ancient proph- I ecies. I Vke couiraae to iue uJitk Now for the most important ques- I

the validtion was (3), "How I vinceriaivitaint Mitchill oftestimony and Anthon I I Richard L. Evansrespecting the transcription and translation of ancient Nephite -Egyptian

its I its changes, own its own own news, day brings Each Harrisrecords?"When Martin

is i of us decisions. for any 'uncertainties Not and life I were authenticlearned the characters

and were known to scholars, he must I always or ever altogether controllable or predictable or safe I all have Ihave been jubilant. This would ac-? or certain. We all have to adjust to changes. We

all have tocount for his enthusiastic susbtantia- i to learn to live with some uncertainty. We I

tion of Joseph Smith's story. 1 acquire the courage to live life as it is, and not as we wish I

as precisely proceeds was it perhaps day no Dr. to Harris, Martin According were—for I

as precisely planned. Some proceed things planned. (Few translation said "the that wasAnthon I I than meaningful finer more richer and are experiences and socorrect, he than any had more I disappointing are be. more they Some would thought we the translatedbefore from seen

few I is be—but Dr. MitchillEgyptian."

1 phone reported } days,and lessfewsatisfyinglives, are thanlived wepreciselythoughtas theyplanned.)would Every Professor whatto have "sanctioned

i call, every unopened letter, every message from every source IAnthon had said."It is important

that we realize that even though the i carries with it some uncertainty. We never know what the I

statement of Martin Harris is connext call will convey—what the bearers of news will bring.

waiting life with waste not sit and and must cannot we in Pearl of Great thetained Price y< But or everycould happen that everything about worrying and the Prophet 2:6465), Smith(Joseph

is only reporting what Martin Harris thing that might happen. We have to have faith; we have

said happened and is not necessarily 1 to have courage—for it is as if every scene and every set of I

vouching for what Dr. Anthon and circumstances were posted with this familiar sign: "Subject I

Dr. Mitchill reputedly said. to change without notice."And we cannot afford to let the I

There are three interpretations of I good times, the happy times, the satisfying times be over- I last. must that won't they the worry A man with shadowed regardHarris statementthe Martin I I for he has had, for what what he has, for what be grateful his visiting and Anthon with Drs.

or ungrateful for despondent not on, can count and heMitchill: what I%

observed can't "Courage,"count on. or for he hasn't what i he ( 1 ) Martin Harris made the whole

I Samuel Johnson, "is the greatest of all the virtues."And Istory up. But this is hardly tenable.

He was skeptical in the first place; I when asked why, he answered, "Because if you haven't I

of the I to opportunity use any not have an I courage, you maythat is York he went to why New faith faith: for 1 for courage, is a and for time others."1 I This certainlyCity, nothing had he and

to gain by falsifying evidence to supthat, despite changing scenes and uncertainties, there are I port the almost fantastic story of the great, eternal certainties, great, eternal truths; for faith in 1

penniless and persecuted Prophet. If I the mercy and justice and goodness of the Lord God who I

Martin Harris was thinking about I gave us life, and who gave it glorious meaning—and who I

making money from the Book of gives us strength to see it through, with joy and purpose here, I

Mormon, it was not necessary for and with limitless and everlasting possibilities, if we will take Ihim to go to the trouble and expense it on his terms, and do the best we can with what we have—

of visiting New York City. with faith, and with the kind of courage that accepts both I

(2) Drs. Anthon and Mitchill made certainties and uncertainties as they come—with gratitude I

up their stories and pretended knowlfor what we can count on and faith for what we can't count I on. did not have. wouldedge they Why I3On* I of learning respectedhighly men aAn approximate quotation accredited to Dr. Samuel Johnson, Original source and

place their reputation in jeopardy 1 exact wording unknown. |

merely to impress an obscure farmer? I

Did they wish to share some of the I Jhe 2>pohenjpolsen VK/uru.l/word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I

wealth and fame that exploitation of PRESENTED OVERSYSTEM,KSL ANDDECEMBERTHE COLUMBIA9, 1956 BROADCASTING I the golden plates might bring? This I Copyright 1956

is possible, for the Book of Mormon I itself says, AS 104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Do you know your 57's?

Check your newmodel "knowhow"below with this Conoco Quiz.

(allies: (a) New FlightSweep styling... TorqueFhte Clues: (b) Mighty 325 H.P. V-type engine with 10 to

Transmission... TorsionAire Ride... new I compression ratio... smoother Hydra295 H.P. FireFlite V-8 engine... TripleRange Matic Drive... brilliant new Fleetwood and

Pushbutton Control. Eldorado Series.

(lUS.* (c) An American Classic. Successfully combines ilueS.* (d) Only American car with Jet Stream Supersports car handling with passenger car comfort. charger... advanced 275 H.P. V-8 engine...

Set the styling trend for a whole new line of TwinTraction Safety Differential... luxucars. rious 5 -passenger sports car.

f* -x- ->tim|

Big Clue: All of these beauties get fulltime protection with...

Oil CONOCO allseason Super Motor

Conoco allseason Super ensures fullutes, wastes gasoline, encourages cartime protection against both friction bon formation. But—with Conoco

and corrosion. OilPlating—allseason Super, warmup's automatic

Conoco's exclusive discovery—'plates'—the second you start. You save up

a tough film of lubricant onto the to 3? a gallon on gas, get OilPlating

entire engine. It never drains down! protection 24 hours a day!

Result? Faster, frictionfree starts, as Tell your Conoco Dealer you want

much as 80% less engine wear! Conoco allseason Super... in the

can with the Gold Band. Quiz

4- FireFlite (a) DeSoto Automatic Warniup Answers:

(b) Cadillac Eldorado Door Sedan

Even with a good premium oil, your Biarritz (c) Ford Thunderbird (d) engine 'drags'for the first 5-8 minStudebaker Golden Hawk.

Makes a powerful difference in your car's performance 1957, Continental Oil Co.... regardless of make or year

FEBRUARY 1957 105 This article is not an attempt to "I Cannot Read a Sealed Book"vindicate Joseph Smith; the fruits of

(Concluded from page 104) Of course in the transcripts the professor his work have already done that. I

doubtless recognize Egyptian life, some to give some simply tried have ifthere few United would were any in the in hieratic Egyptian, of the characters and the to dimension understanding, and sufficientStates knowledge had who inalso find a right the translation would of the Egyptian to have vouched for terpretation of those characters... he characters and events of the remarkthe correctness of Joseph Smith's acknowledges [in the Howe and Coit letters] able visit of Martin Harris to New

were submitted the characters that to him York City 129 years ago.translation. The basic books which

not characters, true I do beyond this but led to an understanding of the think he could give much confirmation as NOTES

Egyptian language, Champollion's to the correctness of the translation.10 1. Robert D. Nesmith, "Reminiscences

Grammaire egyptienne and DictionDr. William C. Hayes, Curator of of Dr. Anthon,"Galaxy, LV (September

naire egyptienne, appeared posthuthe Egyptian Department of the 1867), pp. 621622.

B. in full in H. Roberts, 2. Reprinted A in 1836mously and 1841. No serious Metropolitan of Art in New Museum the History of Church Comprehensive of the language Egyptian on waswork with a recent interview York City, in (Salt Lake Saints Jesus Christ of Latterday

done in the United States until the this writer, identified several of the City: Deseret News Press, 1930), Vol. I,

late nineteenth century. characters (see illustration accompp. 102104.

It is probable, however, that both panying this article) as closely re- 3. J. N. Phelps Stokes, The Iconography

14981909 Island, (New York, Manhattan of Dr. Mitchill wereDr. and Anthon characters hieratic Egyptian sembling Irish p. 1675. was a famous Emmett 1926), of theacquainted with appearance possible their meaning. and indicated lawyer.

Egyptian writing. Many books had Dr. Hayes also said that the above 4. See biography by C. R. Hall (1934).

been published by 1828 containing analysis of B. H. Roberts was entirely 5. Mrs. Martha J. Lamb, Mrs. Burlon

facsimiles of Egyptian characters, feasible. Harrison, History of the City of New York

p. 716. York, 1877), (New of understood. were whichsome then, summation In know we now

717. 6. Ibid., p. the and Mitchbooks 7 AnthonAmong MitchDr. Professor that and Anthon

7. with and Anthon books which Other with acquainted been haveill may ill persons, historical not only were are: acquainted Mitchill been have may

series Description great de thewere sur of generales Reflexions the most that Barthelemy, they two were }. J., but

I'Egypte, published between 1809 and learned men in the eastern United les rapport des langues egyptienne. Paris,

1768. Paris Champollion's1828 in and early nineteenth the during States

... F., Dacier Lettre a M. Champollion J. desPrecis hieroglyphique systeme du explains HarMartin century. This Paris, hieroglyphes. des relative a ('alphabet

vols., Paris, 1824. Egyptiens. 2Ancien ris's for them. consulting reason 1822.

8 libraries at least eight wereThere Egyptian the Collected by Hieroglyphics. in a that they were seen have in We

New York City in 1828. Some day a position to partially confirm the Society and arranged by Thomas Young.

1823. London, exhaustive searchingcomplete and and of the transcribed authenticity

et critiques E. Recherches Quatremere, Egyptian books on theout of what to presented translated characters litterature la sur historiques langue et la

language were in these libraries and them. d'Egypt. Paris, 1808.

the private libraries of Anthon and Martin Harris, as we have noted, Sickler, F. C. L. Die Heilige PriesterHildburg- Aegyptier. alten der sprache plus This,Mitchill made."be may with Smith to help Joseph 18221826. hausesn, - returnedresearch Anthon's Mitch and among later one translation. became the He in 1828: City 8. Libraries York in New

ill's scattered papers, more may reveal Lito Society the Book College, Witnesses York of the Columbia Three New clearly their acquaintance with the of Mormon and mortgaged his farm brary, New York Historical Society Library,

Egyptian language. to finance its publication. It is of New York Athenaeum Library, New York

Library, ApMercantile Library, Hospital his- a great Roberts, Church B. H. to Dr. returned interest that he later Library. Library, prentices and Law

this interpretorian, third supports of with a copy to present him Anthon Library (founded N. Y. Society 9. The

tation: the Book of Mormon. Dr. Anthon, 1754) has copies of "shareholders books"

The writer is of the opinion that there however, refused to accept it. He which list who took what books out when.

[the before quoted this statementis in story wished no connection whatever with Preliminaryshareholder andresearchthat showsthe libraryAnthonhad wassomea a scope givenof Harris] too wide Martin to what Professor Anthon said of the transthe restored gospel in which he had books relative to Egypt.

lation of the EgyptianNephite characters. played an important role. 10. Roberts, op. cit., footnote pp. 101102.

A Challenge to Parents (Continued from page 85) The child who is said to be spoiled Every home should provide expeThe family should provide affecby too much love was likely spoiled rience in democratic living. It is

tion. No other institution can so by overanxious sentimentality from here that techniques of democracy are

well supply this need for emotional parents feigning affection and not best learned. Youths should particisecurity in the life of every individual. from genuine affection. pate in family councils and should

as individuals that they understand filled,If this basic undesire is not

Love is the most powerful influence to of the the success are important to likely personalities arebalanced develop. Security, of course, does in the lives of people. The affection family.

not mean overindulgence or overderived from loving parents in early Family solidarity, which results in protection by parents. It simply childhood is the foundation upon loyalty to one another, should be

means giving the adolescent a place which a life of integrity is created. It maintained. The study of family hisin the family with love and underis often the love of a noble companion tories and observance of holidays and

standing. Affection must be genuine. which makes life worthwhile. (Continued on page 108)

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA R,.egardless of the weather,

it's comforting to know you can

always depend on gas service without interruption for home heating,

cooking, water heating

and refrigeration.

During 1956 the convenience and

economies of natural gas have been

brought to more than 10,000 additional

families in Utah and Wyoming.

We are expanding our distribution facilities and accelerating our

exploration program so that these advantages may be enjoyed by

increasingly greater numbers

in the future.

We take this occasion to extend

heartiest good wishes and thanks

to our customers.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving 72 Utah and Wyoming Communities with Natural Gas FEBRUARY 1957 107 A Challenge to Parents {Continued from page 106) birthdays may help to solidify the.

from the familyAttitudesspirit. are vitally important.

west's Studiesattitudesindicatetoward thatrighta andyoungwrong,person'stofinest wardward marriagemany otherand importantpolitics, anditems,toplant titudesare veryonmuchthe samelike histopics.parents'In fact,atattitudes toward one's entire environWhatever your ment arc formulated primarily in the

printing needs... home. The family might study and

large or small.... develop proper attitudes together.

you are certain to Not only should these standards teg receive the very spirituality, economic stability, health, ** best service at the emotional security, democracy, soliultra - modern prodarity, and carefully formed attitudes of duction plant inherent in the program, home—be

Press. The knowlthe Deseret News but also they should be so emphasized

effiskilled of craftsmen the edge and is that our youth realize inwhat cient production of the most modern life, volved in successful family what to is available equipment your meet printing requirements with accuracy, makes for security and happiness, and economy and speed. that in the whole area of personal

family problems, they have a definite responsibility.

first. Realizing that the home is the Deseret News Press f5) But it is up to the parents to act

very foundation of moral training for 31 RICHARDS STREET Phone EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Plant—1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) Phone IN 7-1584 Salt Lake City Latterdaybetter meet Saintthe needsyouth,of parentstheir chilcan

dren in the hectic adolescent years, which are made more important, more precarious, by world conditions

JVinnifred jardine which without the Church and the

their complexity uncertainty. and Foremost in] the family could be overwhelming in Parents should prepare

to meet these many problems and, Field of Foods themselves sensing the importance of their responsibilities, should humbly meet

Winnifred Jardine makes hosts them with knowledge, courage, unof hungry Mountain Westerners derstanding, and an attitude of prayerful searching for a more perhappy. Her daily recipe fect life.

in the Deseret News gives mother new ideas on cookery.

Mrs. Jardine, herself a western To Be a King

homemaker, has won numerous (Continued from page 93) awards for excellence. for one day! Now for vigorous

Read "Food Is Fun"in your action!"

Deseret News. Theand day'shot, withjourneyjust hadenoughbeenbreezelong

to carry along with the caravan the cloud of choking dust raised by the flying feet of the camels. Though

the autumn sun was nearing the horizon, shade from the stately date

little THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S L67AOrH E W S P A P palms which flourished in the oasis was welcome to the group which had been traveling since the dawn.

(Continued on page 110) 108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Regardless of the weather—for fun and relaxation enjoy

Union Pacific services to Chicago, St. Louis, Portland and

Los Angeles.

Save your nerves and yourself.

Enjoy a home on wheels with servants and choice food at your command. A Hertz car at reasonable rent will be waiting for you on your arrival if desired.

Union Pacific Railroad

Road of the Daily

FEBRUARY 1957 109 ifested dismay. "The matter lacks To Be a King

certainty then? If I choose not wise-

{Continued from page 108) and stood prepared to use them, until ly, there is no promise?"

Refreshed by water drawn from the it became evident that the rider was "I have told thee exactly what the well, the camels were hungrilv browsalone. Slowly he drew nearer and prophetic spirit whispered. But thou

ing about and anticipating the grain their warlike attitude was changed, must not fail in judgment, my son.

which they knew soon would be at a sign from their master, to one Remember how thy parents cherished forthcoming. of welcome, for it was easy to see this rightful ambition for thee. If

David stood at the entrance of his that nothing need be feared from the thou failest, thou dost dishonor them.

tent and thoughtfully watched the solitary traveler. He carried no And forget not that our oppressed

servants as they proceeded with milweapons, and had he done so, they race needs one such as thee—one

itary precision to make preparations would have been entirely useless; for with righteous heart and powerful

for the night. weak indeed would have been the arm and one withal who is kind, as

Though the adjacent country was opponent who could be overcome by thy treatment of me shows that thou barren and inhospitable, swept alterthis withered arm. Nor was his art. Thy mission is to restore this

nately by cold blasts from the snowmeager equipment of the nature to people to its rights, and none other covered Lebanons or Mt. Hermon and attract robbers. From the whitecan do thy work.

the stifling breezes from the Dead haired rider to the ancient camel all "The God of our fathers must guide

Sea and the Jordan Valley, it appealed was old and worn and weatherthee. Already thou hast implacable

strongly to the young Jew. This was beaten. enemies who will stop at nothing to

the purposes ofhome—he loved every inch of the David himself gave the camel the bring to naught

forbidding land with a love only signal to lie down, and the giant heaven, and their hatred will increase equaled by that which he felt for its Hassan took the fatigued traveler in with thy strength and popularity.

people. his arms and carried him to a comThink of the despised Herod who

Far to the west was the city of fortable place in his master's tent, slew thy grandfather out of jealousy

Alexandria, then in the height of its while the servants brought water for and murdered the babes of Bethlehem glory, which the party had left three face and hands and feet, and then that one reputed to be a future king days before. They had crossed the cared for the decrepit animal. of the Jews should die.

fertile Nile valley and the wilderness "Thou art kind, David, son of "Herod Antipas is no less cruel, of Shur. To the east was Palestine, Hyrcanus. May the God of Abraham only less courageous than his

the stage on which a large part of the minister unto thee as thou art doing accursed father. He would unhesworld's recorded drama had been and unto the stranger."itatingly cause one to be slain who

was now being played. In the distance "You know me then?"the young even remotely threatened his power.

David could see the flat plateaus and man asked in surprise. Thou are particularly hateful to him,

the rolling hills which reminded him "I have known thee since childfor he knows full well that thou art of great waves of the ocean, and behood. And I doubt not thou hast of royal lineage, descended from our

yond, the majestic mountains of often heard of Lebanah, a cherished great King David, whose name thou

Judea, at this season dark gray or friend of thy father's and sometimes dost bear, and that it is thy right to brown, standing between the sea he called the prophet of the wilderness. rule. Thy ambitions are also intihad so recently crossed and the deThy face tells me that thou hast mately known to him, and even now

pression in which were hidden the heard. I am he. And though I claim he suspects that thou art attempting

Jordan valley and the Dead Sea. His not the honor of being a prophet, to gain the support of Tiberius

nostrils quivered with delight at the through the grace of God I have foreClaudius. Thou hast learned, of

scent of the saltladen breeze. In revseen many important things. One of course, that Herod was in Rome seekerent imagination David could see them had to do with thee. When ing to win imperial support for the

the chief city, Jerusalem, even then thou wert a small boy, I was shown place which must be thine."

renowned in song and story and full that one day thou shouldst be a great "Yes, the emperor himself told me of interest to him as it ever has been king."of the visit and his reasons for deto people of his race, for it was the Eagerly the young man asked: clining to add to Herod's power or

city of his fathers. All his life he had "What did you really see? This story even to sustain him long in his

studied its history passionately, had has been current in our family all my present position."

gloried in its successes, and had wept life, and I have longed to hear it from "He is a vile creature, and his inover the many calamities which had your own lips. Relate to me the fluence is waning; thine is in the

befallen it. To him it was indeed a details, good Lebanah."ascendancy. But that makes him

holy city—the city of the great King "Details are seldom given to a more than ever thy foe, and his cowwho was to come; and at the recolprophet, David, and in this case none ardice alone makes thee safe."

lection of the prophecies made conwere made known. But as thy father, "And as his cowardice is colossal,

cerning it he removed the sandals of holy memory, and I conversed my danger is insignificant,"David from his feet. upon the future of our race, thou rejoined laughing. "But come, let us

Over the brow of the hill to the earnest into the room and the proeat. You looked famished."

south a camel and rider suddenly phetic voice, familiar to me from As the meal proceeded, the young appeared and stood, a silhouette previous experiences, whispered disnobleman's lively spirits indicated against the darkening sky, as though tinctly: 'That child, if he choose that Lebanah's prediction of ultimate

to reconnoitre. The men under diwisely, will become a great king.'"success had made a far deeper imrection of Hassan seized their arms "Choose wisely?"The listener manpression than had the warning of

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA danger. But suddenly he became

grave. "Was the babe whom Herod feared specially for your actually killed?"The old man looked at him search- Q

ingly. "Art thou also jealous of him?"

"Not jealous, but certainly I am justified in learning my exact position."

"Thou art right,"proceeded the sage after a pause, during which his hawklike eyes had appeared to search the depths of his host's soul.

"No, he was not killed but was saved—aby omnipotentmarvelous powerman ofandmiracles,lives todaybut,

if my conception of him be correct, disinclined to desire or even to accept political honors. In my opinion thou

hast no reason to consider him a candidate for the throne of Judah."

story the told the old men* man Then,.p.,*! soovenilately butof had the Nazarene who

come from a carpenter's bench and 3f sPla) a ion was attracting so much attention by his strange teachings and startling COFFEE works. David listened with almostbreathless interest; but when Lebanah SHOP

longthesaid that this Jesus was Carpenter, Manogei his Hot I Utah Max to Messiah, sprang heawaited feet in astonishment.

His guest bade him sit with patience and hear the entire story. It

was dramatically told. The shrunken

form took on new life and the eyes, dimmed with age and weariness, NOW YOU CAN OWN sparkled with the lustre of virile youth. The young man, fascinated, A de luxe Bible in a beautiful

hung upon every word.

"David, with prophetic eyes I have limp binding, leather lined been blessed to see something of this AT A MODERATE PRICEbeing's course. He is the one of whom

Isaiah spoke as a 'man of sorrows and acquainted with grief.'He will be

despised and rejected by many, but this suseen you havearmies of angels await his bidding Unce Bible perb Scofield you will wish and the day of his triumph will come; to cherish it as your own. For

for these eyes have beheld his glory. Oxford has now produced the

And in that exalted hour he shall be binding so many people reacknowledged by all as King of kings quested—and it is truly a gem

and Lord of lords. Thou mayest, of bookmaking: French Moiky

therefore, pursue thy course unhinrocco, limp, leather lined with dered by anything which he may do ornamental gold roll. Contains Word)

—merely preparing thyself to acConcordance,Proper Names, DictionarySubject Index,of

knowledge him as King, not of Judea and colored maps in addition alone, but of the whole earth, whento the famous Scofield notes and THE OCOilGifl ever he chooses to assume his rightful references on each page. Printed REFERENCE BIBLE

position."on Oxford's exclusive India PaThe fervor of his declaration comper, it is only %"thick. Family TWO POPULAR SIZES IN RED OR BLACK

. $15.50 pletely exhausted Lebanah, and David Record. 158X Handy size, 4% x 7%e

was obliged to have the servants At your bookseller 178x Large size, 5!/2 x 8'/a. $18.00

carry him to the bed which had been 114 Fifth Ave., New York 11 prepared for him. Oxford University Press, inc.,

JhSdsdm of tb& JxutfiorizedJ(ptg James JBttfa sthce 1675 (To be continued)

FEBRUARY 1957 111 your calling, God will hold you reOur Priesthood Responsibility sponsiblesaved had foryou thosedone youryou mightduty."haveWe

this in advance. should understand

is efficiency. also authority functional the given must havePriesthood realize to It is just a little bit startling

for to Its purpose given authority God. be Lo men to act may A doctor

is to bring about the exaltation of perform some important surgery, but that we may be found guilty of all his children. To assist in this great if he does not have the necessary the good we don't do. One of the

enterprise, God has established an knowledge, skill, equipment, and most bitter denunciations ever uttered organization upon the earth called control, he may actually do harm and by Jesus was poured over the head the Church, and certain men apfail completely in the purpose for of one who hid his talents in the pointed to serve therein are given auwhich the authority was granted. One ground. The Lord said to him,

thority from God. may be given the authority to act for "Thou wicked and slothful servant."

The problems involved in the work his government or his business. But (Matt. 2526.)

of the Church are varied and somein addition to the authority, he needs Sloth is just one of the serious oftimes complicated. Therefore, the certain capabilities and knowledge of fenses that may be committed almost

fail in his workactual work of the members of the procedures. This often involves years unwittingly. We may

priesthood has been divided into of study, training, and the ability to because we don't "plan"adequately many specialized functions. Assignwork with others, before he can use or "prepare"sufficiently or "work"

ments are given, including the rehis authority for a maximum of aceffectively. When we analyze the

sponsibility to teach, train, supervise, complishment. cause of failure, we usually find that

and administer the ordinances of the This is even more important for us in almost all cases, it could have been gospel. There is also the responsiwho bear divine authority. Divine prevented.

bility to minister in various temporal authority includes divine responsiBecause of the overwhelming imaffairs, including care for the needy bility. We officially become our portance of our Church work, it beand the sick. There are dozens of brother's keeper. The work of salvacomes the most vital thing in our

other duties and responsibilities intion is the most important enterprise lives, to learn to do it with effectivevolving the work of the missions, the ever undertaken upon the earth. ness and skill. The Lord himself has

temples, and the actual administraNaturally the greater the importance given one of the greatest and simplest tion and operation of the many of the undertaking, the greater is the of all success formulas which, if foldepartments of the Church. reward for success, and the more serilowed, will almost guarantee success.

The very idea of "acting for God"ous are the consequences of failure. He said,

carries with it the compelling thought This truth has been pointed out that his work must be properly and many times. Jesus said, "If ye labor duty,Wherefore,and to actnowinlettheeveryofficemanin whichlearn hishe

effectively done. The need for effiall your days in my service and bring is appointed, in all diligence.

ciency is emphasized by the oversave it be one soul unto m"e, how He that is slothful shall not be counted whelming importance of the work great shall be your joy with him in worthy to stand, and he that learns not itself. The very salvation of mankind "the kingdom of my Father."(See hisshalldutynot andbe showscountedhimselfworthynot toapprovedstand.

depends upon it. D & C 18:15.) But on the other (D & C 107:99100.)

The responsibility for this great hand, a breach of trust, disobedience, undertaking is divided into specific incompetence, sin, or lack of industry, Think how important each part of assignments and delegated to men. arc indulged in at the peril of our the formula is: (1) We should know

This division and delegation make own salvation. our job. (2) We should work at it

possible a greater degree of specializaIrresponsibility or mismanagement "diligently."(3) We should undertion and skill. The actual work of of a financial assignment may cause stand in advance the awful consesalvation covers many different func- a business to fail with great financial quences of failure.

tions, including that of prophet, adloss for those concerned. What would To help us understand our situaministrator, judge, teacher, parent, be your attitude toward one who had tion, suppose we think of ten men

priest, adviser, human relations exauthority to act for you, if his irreholding the same office in the priestpert, planner, builder, executive, missponsibility or incompetence caused hood. Each is given the same kind

sionary. you a loss of $1,000 each month? of Church assignment, either as a

It is comparatively simple to confer How do you think God will view our missionary, a leader with administraauthority upon an individual for a stewardship if some of his children tive responsibility, or a trainer of given assignment, but it is far more lose their exaltation because of some other workers, etc. If the effectivedifficult to develop the ability, the spiritual malfeasance in office on our ness of each of these were charted on

knowhow, the enthusiasm, and the part? a percentage scale, the scores may

industry to make the authority efWe should always keep in mind the vary from near zero up to near one fective. divine responsibility part of our divine hundred percent.

As important as authority itself is, authority. President John Taylor Take Aaronic Priesthood work as

it is not enough. The organization once said, "If you do not magnify an example. One ward may have

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

eighty percent of all members getting must have knowhow. "Even the order. What will be our situation if

individual awards; another may have devils believe."Authority by itself is we prove ourselves "unapproved"

twenty percent. The second ward not enough; we must have accomand "unworthy to stand?"

loses sixty more boys out of one hunplishment. The Lord has said a good deal in

reye therefore said to to accept dred. is going us, "Be Jesus Who

to sponsibility? Father as your even which is the scriptures about increasing our do perfect, Are we prepared

so? When the reason for such failure in heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.) talents. He has said we should

is determined, it is usually found that That is a big order. We cannot "study and show ourselves approved

someone had not taken the time to imagine God our Father as being inunto God."He has emphasized the

"learn his duty"or did not act "with effective and lacking in ability or need for good organization. He has

all diligence."skill. If we want to be like him, we indicated the importance of good

How many of us may be actually must follow his formula. There must human relations and leadership and

showing ourselves "not approved"be a success worthy of the authority. teaching ability. In the parable of

before God? Some have the authority The one business of life is to sucthe lost sheep, he taught the necessity

to "act"in the name.of God, but ceed. We are not placed here to for aggressive, personal, individual

don't. We sometimes practice too waste our lives in failure. The greatwork.

much "verbal Christianity,"menest tragedy in the world is not the It is clear that men should not astioned by James. Someone said, "Dedevastation that goes with war; nor sume to administer in the ordinances

part in peace; be ye warmed and is it the cost that goes with crime; of the gospel without his authority;

filled,"but then let it go at that. nor is it both of these put together. but neither should we undertake to

"Faith without works is dead."(James The greatest tragedy in the world is minister in his name without a will-

2:20.) But of what value is authority that human beings, you and I, live ingness to accept full responsibility

without works? so far below the level of our possiand make adequate preparation, allThe religion of Christ is not merely bilities. obedient to that great revelation that

an idea; it is an activity; and eternal This tragedy becomes far worse if we "should do many things of our

life depends upon how effective the we fail God by the nonuse of the own free will to bring to pass much activity is. In our own interests we powers and instructions placed in our righteousness."One of our great

must know our business, and then hands. An officer of the law may be opportunities is to give thoughtful

we must do it diligently. Mere goodgiven authority, but we would not consideration to the functional or

ness is not enough; we must have keep him on the "approved"list very operational aspects of the authority

strength. Belief is not enough; we long if he were unable to maintain we bear.

Perfect ThoughtModels

by Estella Craft Tremble

order to bring harmony and Face, we read that the boy who kept and charity are an impervious armor,

Inbeauty into one's life, it is necesthe stone face as his model grew like shielding us from the arrows of malice sary to have perfect thoughtit. By his admiration for the strength, or revenge. How important it is, not

models. This involves much prayercourage, and beauty of that face, he only from a health standpoint but

ful watching. If a robber tried to get finally became just like it. An artist, also from the standpoint of a truly

into our homes, we would not hesiin depicting the image of a rose, does Christian life, to bar our mental doors tate to get rid of him and bolt the not study the form of a serpent. He against evil thinking.

door. Yet, often we let a thought of studies the velvety beauty of the Even our environment is deterenvy, anger, or hate stray into our petals and form of the flower. mined largely by our thoughts.

mental home, thus robbing us of our Of late years, in medical research, Shakespeare's Hamlet said, "There is peace and happiness. Keeping a condoctors recognize the importance of nothing either good or bad but thinkvigil the for the a serene, recognize environment enables stant us to happy ing makes it so."One's home is often

of sick. are cognizant In fact, they as intruder a robber. we can Then

refuse to entertain the thought, knowthe fact that mental disturbances of an index to his character. If one loves

ing it to be an enemy. all kinds make the individual sick. harmony and beauty, it is manifested

The quality of our thinking is Poisons are secreted when one is in his blending of colors and in his stamped upon our hearts and lives angry, jealous, or worried. Digestion arrangement of furniture. If he is

often on our faces. In Hawthorne's is interfered with, and the system is careless or slovenly in his thinking,

beautiful story of The Great Stone upset. Loving thoughts of kindness {Concluded on page 124)

FEBRUARY 1957 113 m Presiding

Study Guide for Ward Teachers

February 1957

Religious Education

"We are guardians of our children; their training and education are

committed to our care, and if we do not ourselves pursue a course which will save them from the influence of evil, when we are weighed in the balance we shall be found wanting, and the sin will be laid at our doors."—President Brigham Young.

In the search for learning and knowledge many of our young people today are becoming unbalanced in their education. They are pursuing the

Robert Berryhill Gilbert Sabin wisdom and philosophies of men and ignoring, either entirely or in large part, the teachings of God. Unfortunately some teachers of science and

philosophy feel that to promote their own teachings they must try to disBerryhill Gilbert Robert Sabin (left) and religion. credit

(right) Arizona Southern Pomerene Ward,

Stake, are cousins having a near perfect Many who ridicule those who devote themselves almost entirely to record in attendance at priesthood and Sacreligion as "religious fanatics"have themselves become "scientific fanatics."

rament meetings for the last four years. The one concentrates upon religion and ignores the many valuable truths

Robert missed just one Sunday during this of science. The other devotes himself to science and philosophy and ignores

period, when he was in the hospital for the glorious soulsaving truths of religion. The truly educated person does

an emergency operation. Gilbert has a neither. He learns all he can of science and philosophy but retains his

perfect attendance record. Both of these foundation of religious truth.

young men are Eagle Scouts. President Young reasoned this way: "Shall I sit down and read the

Bible, the Book of Mormon, and the Doctrine and Covenants all the time?"

says one. "Yes, if you please, and when you have done you may be nothing

but a sectarian after all. It is your duty to study to know everything upon

the face of the earth in addition to reading those books."But he declared in

the same sermon, "If your children do not receive impressions f true piety,

Friendly Atmosphere Aim of virtue, tenderness, and every principle of the holy gospel you may be assured that their sins will be required of the parents."(Dis. of Brigham Young,

Every Ward p. 256.)

Onesided education falls far short of our ideals.

The creation of a more friendly Those who are devoting themselves to the teachings and learning of its religion in true place and ignoring education and are departing from *- atmosphere should be the aim of men its the teachings of the leaders and and are in danger of losing Church the in the Church.every ward Ward precious most part of education—education in the truths of religion and greet other each shouldmembers life. eternal

with a smile and a hand of fellowship whenever or wherever they meet. All INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR MARCH 1957

strangers who come to ward funcSomething for Nothing tions should be made to feel welcome. The desire to secure something for nothing has caused untold grief and misery

While such a project requires coin the world in all ages. Probably never in history has this spirit been so rampant

all sides devices, games, and by plan, device,operation and conscientious effort on asgamblingat the schemespresent time.to induceWe theare spendingconfrontedof onmoney. scheme, Any

the part of all, it must not be supergame, or other arrangement that has as its motive the hope of securing something ficial. It must be built from the heart for nothing should be avoided by Latterday Saints.

out. Its basis is in the development

of a sincere love of each one for his fellow men—in the desire of each to and what should not be done or said. An atmosphere of love and friendserve others. Bishops should be alert to any ship develops spirituality in a ward.

The objectives of this project should tendencies on the part of young peoIt encourages people to attend meetbe presented to the priesthood and ple to ostracize socially individuals ings because they want to rather than auxiliary organizations and to conbecause of physical, mental, or social from a sense of duty. It encourages

gregations at Sacrament meeting. deficiencies. Where such occurs, inactive members to become active. It

Members collectively should be taught bishops should resolve the problem also lays a fine foundation for misthe art of dealing with others with by an appeal for fairness and by sionary work when nonmembers of diplomacy and friendliness. They snowing the joy that comes from helpthe Church happen to attend our

should be taught what to do and say ing someone in need. meetings.

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

Combining of Credits Not. AWARD RECORDS

Authorized The following Aaronic Priesthood awards were approved and issued during 1956. The 1955 totals are also included for comparison:

T)ecause Priesthoodsomeunderleaders21 didof notAaronicmake Stake Awards 1956 Totals38 1955 Totals32 a study of the changes in requireWard Awards 737 633 ment nine of the Individual Aaronic 100% Seals 4,507 3,114

Priesthood Award for 1956, some Aaronic Priesthood Pins 3,117 6,965 young men have failed to qualify for Individual Awards this award. Most of the misunderPriests 7,713 7,413

standings have occurred where deaTeachers 8,644 7,548 cons were advanced to teachers Deacons 11,500 10,004 during the year; for example, some Total 27,857 24,965

leaders have assumed that a deacon advanced to a teacher September 1 year is required to gather fast offerings victims of an oversight on the part of and having gathered fast offerings seventyfive percent of the months he serves a leader.

teaching ward perform as a and to deacon as eight times performed a ward and surest these The to have way young of he percent the months seventyfive the four teacher during once months are to be served men who during advanced year. the (p. 61.) during teacher as a

he served as a teacher, could qualify the year qualify for requirement nine total for a the he because award had is for the general to secretary a make leaders should Priesthood Aaronic credits. of nine listing of these members and to special deacons on check a constant keep this leaders having assumpThose call to then of the attention each year, the making during advanced be tion learned were they have now

is adviser activity requorum what nine. requirement met sure they have Leaders for wrong. Handbook The of quired each before young he man the teachers during ordained Deacons is Priesthood 21 very under Aaronic of is advanced. his Following advancespecific in the matter of not combinyear should be promptly assigned to ment to teacher, it is important that

ing credits. It reads as follows: do ward teaching; otherwise these the followup continue to be just as

A deacon advanced to teacher during the young men may become innocent effective.

Gene Fullmer Example of Clean Life

Pene worldFullmer,middleweightthe winnerboxing chamof the pionship, recently spoke to members of the Aaronic Priesthood of Tooele

Eleventh Ward, Tooele (Utah) Stake. Gene, being an excellent example of clean living, told these young

men how the Word of Wisdom had aided him to gain victories over rugged opponents. He explained that

living according to the standards of this commandment had given him the endurance to triumph over many of his foes in the later rounds when condition and stamina were most vital.

He urged every young man to live a clean life, abstaining from the use of tobacco and liquor. He recommended regular attendance at

Church, companionship with young men of good character, attendance row)GenetalkedFullmer,to membersnew ofmiddleweightthe Aaronic boxingPriesthoodchampionfrom Tooeleof the Eleventhworld, (centerWard, Tooelesecond at Churchsponsored socials, and Stake, on the Word of Wisdom. Gene is a fine example of clean living and takes great

participation in wholesome sports as pride in his Church membership. He recently won his title from Sugar Ray Robinson

a guide to good living. at Madison Square Garden in New York City.

FEBRUARY 1957 115 Some of us grow up in a hurry and some of us take our time. But all

of us eventually arrive, and those who get there first aren't necessarily smarter or better than those who arrive a bit later. When children are

relieved of the pressure to "be like soand-so"or to walk at a certain age (after all, the neighbor's baby

Editor is walking now!), they can progress

at their own rate in a happy state of mind without being afraid they are somehow failures. Helping Your Child This basic individuality is one of

the main things parents need to unPrepare for School derstandbecome maturein orderenoughto helpto leavetheir homechild and confidently enter a new world by Joan Norman ofrules,strangeand routines.faces, books,It takestrafficcourage,lights,

and a child needs to have confidence fall of the year again will be convinced, before even He ability. he in his himself and

will tries,Whenrolls thearound, mothers take that he things can't do as well Before child a can accomplish the their fiveand sixyear-olds by as those around him. If, however, his academic skills of reading, writing,

the hand and lead them off to school. family realizes that he and his and all that goes with them, he needs

Some will go to kindergarten, or, if brother are different people and recto be ready physically, mentally, and no kindergarten is available, directly ognizes each for his own interests and emotionally. And it is with these

into the first grade. abilities, he can be guided in a positive things that parents of preschool chilAs an elementary schoolteacher, I manner to develop according to his dren should be most concerned. The

alwavsJ look over the new class in own needs and rate of growth. After academic skills will come more easily

.amazement. How can so many chilall, not all of us get our front teeth if these are taken care of first.

dren of about the same age be so at exactly the same age! But we do A fiveor sixyear-old child should

different? Little Johnny is quiet and get them eventually. be physically wellcoordinated enough

observing, taking everything in but The same is true of most physical to control many of his large and small not saying a word. Mary is noisy and skills and emotional attainments. {Continued on page 118)

friendly, obviously excited. Allen is

tall and well filled out, while David is small and physically immature.

And yet—all are first graders!

Each year I realize anew the truth of the things I was taught in my child development and teacher training courses: Children of the same

age do not all possess the same skills at the same time. Each is different.

Children enter school at varying stages of physical development and maturity.

This fact always occurs to me when parents ask (and they do continually), "What can we do to help our child prepare for school?"In the

back of their minds they are thinking of the alphabet, of reading and writing, all the academic skills. And these

things are important. But the first

thing I tell them, and the thing with which I would begin any discussion on helping the preschool child, is the importance of remembering that children are individuals.

If, at home, Johnny is constantly compared to his quiet, wellbehaved brother he will realize that he is not;:- "<!**

living up to expectations and will carry this feeling to school with him.—A Monkmeyer Photo

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA little reachers Guess what and nibblers...

eat Can without spoiling their appetites!

ABISCO|JL|EY Nabisco GRAHAMS SUGAR Honey

2 LBS. Grahams

THE Available in oneand twopound packages.

.because they're made with rich graham flour

and pure honey! Perfect for betweenmeal snacks!

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams haven't spoiled an appetite yet! Conveniently scored to snap into two bitesize pieces

they're crispness longlasting (less crumbs). And for GRAHAMS today. packets. Bring home.some.. in 3 InEr-Seal wax wrapped

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

FEBRUARY 1957 117 Helping Your Child Prepare for School

(Continued from page 116) will continue to ask until satisfied.

muscles. Children frequently develop Too many times he receives answers

the skills of skipping and hopping humorous to adults present but facby this age. They can run without tually false, and a feeling of distrust

stumbling and can climb with confiis created when he discovers he has dence. They can manipulate large been fooled. The stock answer that

tie their own shoes, an example of this sort of thing. GOOD LIGHT Theycrayonscanandusuallyblunt scissors fairly well. the moon is made of green cheese is

to the zoo, park, places in a BRINGS dresstoilet themselves,needs, and carefollowfor simpletheir owndiandFamilyother outingsinteresting

BETTER SIGHT rections.Although these skills depend to a child'sonly giveimmediatehim a goodenvironmentbackgroundnotof

large extent on maturation, parents knowledge but they also stimulate his can help by providing opportunities interest and curiosity.

for their children to color, cut, paste, It's amazing to many people to disand paint, to skip, run, and be physcover what an important part perically active. A few painted packing sonality and emotional stability play

cases in the back yard are wonderful in the learning process. If a child

things to climb on. A long plank or likes people and can get along well

two make good jumping boards and with them, he will have more assurare light enough to move around. A ance in school. A sense of independof to run lawn on and someaid ence will in all aspects of him Buy from Your Dealer stretch

all with run body to is about life. the school Parents purposefully who

encouragement a young child needs provide opportunities for growth in

Be Modern... to be active. It's the child who spends these areas are helping their child.

set and always Little things like giving Johnny the Live Electrically his days glued to a TV begs to have Mommie tie his shoes money to pay the restaurant cashier

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. without trying himself—who is not when the family goes out to dinner, or

apt to develop the skills he is physallowing him to choose which of two ically able to perform. shirts he would like for his wardrobe,

At this age a child's attention span helps create the all important feeling should be long enough to listen to of independence and selfconfidence.

short stories and look at picture books Respect for property, other people's GRIND YOUR OWN

FLOUR & CEREAL withoutOf coursebecomingthis abilityeasilyis alsodistracted.largely a traitand one'sfor youngown, isscholars.a highlyThedesirableother

with this sturdy matter of maturity, but a parent who children will be quick to label anyone

interesting things in pictures help can is not. what are they apt to And WHEAT MILL readsto to his child and helps him find who doesn't know what is his and create interest in the to form and disgust is at look with anyone who

to handle books carefully. ONLY looking.child the habit of listening and notand grownupother equipmentenough

Children are quick to pick if, at help home, up will has a Johnny $550 catchy It phrases they and love special to play to place put his things and

POSTPAID repetitive word games. Folk tales and if the family members ask him if they

ANYWHERE nursery rhymes are favorites for this may borrow things instead of helping

IN reason. It's fun to hear about the themselves. He needs to understand AMERICA

"Tiny, Tiny Lady"and the "Shining, that some things belong to Mommie

Shimmering Shoes."And while chiland Daddy and are to be left alone

dren are enjoying these things, new unless he has special permission to

Mill cracks or grinds corn and wheat, all words are added to their vocabulary. use them. Of course there should kinds or soft grains. Grinds of hard Vh

pounds of flour or cereal per minute. Children are naturally curious also be many things that are "ours"

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. about the world around them. The and can be used freely.

SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS parent who answers questions in an Children are impressionable and

responsive with and usually react Please the send one me Wheat Mil Inclosed is understandable way manner—not

or order.) (check $6.50 money "Oh, you wouldn't understand,"or react, those around in them or the

Name "Don't ask so many questions,"—is manner that seems to be expected of

Address helping his child build an underthem. If Johnny is trusted and has

City standing of life that will give him a the reputation of being honest, he is

State solid foundation to fall back on and likely to live up to his reputation as to further develop when he enters nearly as he can. Expect the best and,

the schoolroom. short simple you'll an- A usually get the it. Expect PEHRSON HARDWARE satisfy will usually a child's worst, especially in public, and you'll SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH swer SOUTH 11th EAST 02

questions, and if this isn't enough he get that too.

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In addition to helping build a stable foundation for physical, mental, and emotional development, there arethings parents can do to influence the Earnings soar to child's ability in reading, and conseall other in almostquently ALL subjects; "'"w f%i 0N to recognize the abilityfor example, AMOUNTS

pictures of common animals and Compounded everyday things such as cars, houses, SemiAnnually etc., and to know their names is necessary before one can get muchmeaning out of a printed page. 1. Yes, earnings are up—

at Deseret Federal. Savings

The child who has grown up now earn a giant 3 Vi %.around books and knows good things

come from books has a head start And, of course, each account on one who has never been allowed is fully insured to $10,000 to handle them or hasn't been around by the Federal Savings and them at all. Children reflect the genLoan Insurance Corporation.

eral feeling of their homes about 2. Now is the time to step

books as well as in other areas. If up your rate of saving, too!

there are too few books and maga- 3'/2% EARNINGS make zines and if no one ever shows the saving more profitable preschool child how interesting they 3'/i% EARNINGS bring are or reads to him, he may enter goals nearer, sooner.

school with an indifferent attitude 3'/2% EARNINGS give you toward reading. He may not feel added income.

... givesany need to learn at all. Or, if grown- 3'/2% EARNINGS

ups and older children tease him incentive to save more, more often, at Deseret Federalabout having to work hard and read when he starts school, he is likely Open your account by mail.

to frown on the whole process. HowUse the coupon below.

1ever, if his family speak encouraging- I, You are authorized to open a Savings1-"Account...

ly of school and are interested in 'Enclosed find check or money order for amount I what he will do and the things he I indicated will eventually bring home, he will I Name look forward to school and feel secure in his attempts to learn. City Zone... State

DESERET SAVINGS FEDERAL LOAN ASSN. AND child, free healthy from A happy,

S.L.C. University, South Main,. 44—160 N. Provo

anxieties, easily is able to learn more and can enjoy his school experiences.

Parents who from the very beginninggive their child warm encouragement DESERET FEDERAL and understanding and share with SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION him the wonders of the surrounding Home Office Branch Office world are building a solid readiness 44SaltSouthLake MainCity 1 60 N.Provo,UniversityUtah Ave.

for school and are giving him a Jos. E. Kjar, President—Clarence Tingey, VicePresident

priceless gift that money cannot buy.

These limes (Concluded from page 70) Reminds you of fresh country cream

Islam and Judaism alike of Adam, Abraham, Moses, and Jesus as prophets, may..that good Morning Milk

spell the difference. To Islam, Mohammed is only the last and greatest, Extra rich in flavor... extra smooth in texture.

the continuation, of these prophets. If Keeps sweet and delicious indefinitely in the

similar strands of common belief and knowledge could be discovered in unopened can. Guarantees superior cooking

Hinduism and Buddhism, the world results.

picture might considerably improve in these times—-and communism be more So rich it whips easily when chilled

properly relegated to its place (in Toynbee's phrase) as a misread page, torn from the book of Christendom.

FEBRUARY 1957 119 r KITCHEn CHflRm WAXED PAPER KEEPS FOOD FRESHER LONGER!

Free Milk, Butter, and Efljp- ***H For You!

little effort after the poured WITH minutes milk was MILLIONS POPULAR

IVE S OF H OU SEW temporarily milk which... Anyonecan providewho willfreemakemilk,a butter, and out. The

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS eggs. My mother used to say, clings to the side collects in the bot-

"If you'll wipe out your egg shells tom, given a little time. It's free milk

with your finger, firmly enough to for you, with no government subsidy.

Ttatunat crushegg in thea dozen!"shell, you'll get an extra anyCookingcontainer.oil clingsIf you tomeasurethe sidesout ofa

Is this folklore or fact? And how cup of oil, let the apparently empty

true is the boast of a thrifty Frenchcup stand for ten minutes. You'll get VITAMINS woman that she could feed a person at least a teaspoon of free oil.

MINERALS onWhilewhatI couldn'tan Americancheck onfamilythe French,wastes? of Molassesextras. Inis fact,evenmolassesmore productiveclings so

Drink them in I did many measurements of possible affectionately in cold weather (or delicious juice form—Use a kitchen savings and was surprised at when taken from the refrigerator)

SWEDEN Speed JUICER results. that you'll find a quarter cupful

Take that cggin-a-dozen. I cracked gathers after you've apparently empfamily Give your the natural

nutrients carrots, of celery, a dozen eggs. Then I carefully wiped tied the measuring cup. As this is

apples, cabbage, etc. in deliout each egg shell with a quick twist enough to alter the flavor and texture

cious juices. Sweden process of my finger. By actual measureof your food, it really belongs in the

for true natural flavor. Even

those balk at vegment, an extra half egg white was recipe. You'll save this rundown time cooked who

etables will want "seconds."saved. And if you use two dozen if you set molasses in a warm place

eggs a week, that's one free egg white the night before you plan to use it.

in seconds. Juice operateevery week. If you have a quick need for molasses, Easy to

Easy to clean. If you use glass milk bottles, are set the container in a pan of hot

u.L.ac.s.A. you tempted to pour that last dribble water. This will thin it for easy

APPROVED down the sink to get a bottle to expouring and less wasteful clinging.

change at the store? Instead, empty Thick foods naturally tend to

the dribble into a cup. How much? cling. We tried a gentle scraping

leading At departPerhaps a quarter of a cup. around an apparently empty jar of

ment, appliance healthfood and stores, or write for Whether you use cartons, milk strawberry preserves and obtained two free folder. bottles or cans oi evaporated milk, teaspoonfuls. An empty peanut butset the container aside for a few minter jar yielded a tablespoonful.

actual empty after you a quarter empty it. By or cube of If you 2297B80 utes CWCDCN PENDING a measurement, almost tablebutter directly I found the refrigerator from WSPffD JUICER OTHERSPAT. NO.

SWEDEN FREEZER MFG. CO. spoonful of milk can be poured from to its butter dish, you'll find perhaps

DEPT. J13JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH. a carton which has stood for twenty one fortieth teaspoon of butter still

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA clings to the paper. But if you leave

the butter in the paper at room temperature, a good teaspoonful or more may cling to the paper after the butter is transferred. LARGEST AND

Butter saving works the other way FASTEST LINERS TO around for sandwiches. Trying to

spread cold butter not only tears the bread, but also is likely to pile onthree times as much butter in hunks. AUSTRALIADo warm your sandwich butter at i w Wmm WW LwlkHjr%LiiiFa%i V wh

room temperature. Melting the butter in emergency may help you avoid

tearing fresh bread, is a temptabut it to floatNJOY SUNLINER PACIFIC VOYAGEStion butter the liquid waste in one of Orient Line's Big-0 express ships. Three wonderful weeks of

ing on the dish.

sunshine and tangy sea air, with your holiday made perfect by fine food

When a friend from Texas visited—interesting companions—flawless British service! Sports decks and

us, we served Texas pink grapefruit airconditioned public rooms add to your pleasure. Three classes. Tourto her. She startled us, after she'd ist class from $263 to Auckland, $291 to Sydney (Round trip, 10% reeaten the segments, by lifting her duction). Your local travel agent is the man to see.

half shell and squeezing the juice into her spoon. In fact, she squeezed sevFOR GLOBECIRCLING

eral spoonfuls this way and ate them Take Orient Line Suez services in with evident pleasure. Apparently Australia to Europe—return across

this sensible custom is spreading, for the Atlantic in any great Cunarder.

a famous etiquette writer was queried, ORSOVA ORONSAY ORCADES ORION and said, "Yes, of course, it's correct."29,000 tons 28,000 tons 28,000 tons 24,000 tons

Depending upon how your grapefruit is cut, you may get up to a quarter glass of free juice by a gentle squeez- "Orient"There s no better way to crossLinethe Pacific!ing of the shell. We like to squeeze

ours into an empty water glass. It's CUNARO LINE * General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canada

a little simpler than filling a spoon.:;::-;,=,<::.",

several times and equally delicious.

You buy orange juice for pleasant drinking, but also for vitamin C.

Three or four hours exposure to air at room temperature destroys some of the vitamin C. Once a can is opened,

or oranges are squeezed, refrigerate the juice or you'll lose pennies by the minute.

Can you use some free iron in your diet? Most people could have pinker

cheeks if they'd eat their potatoes boiled with the skins on or baked.

Tests show that some of the iron boils out into the water when peeled potatoes are boiled. And most modern

cooks are tempted to throw this "pot Her sister encouraged her to enter cooking contests licker"the drain, complete down with Utah Cook Wins 87 Ribbons at Two Fairsits valuable iron. healthpromoting

If you don't save such liquor for If prize ribbons were worn as cosDo you know who else likes FleischActive accessories, pracBuist mann's Charles Mrs. tume Dry Yeast? Whysoups or gravy, put it aside to cool to tically every in prizewinning a ribbon have of Logan, Utah, could cook

drinking temperature, then drink it for every dress... and plenty left the country! That's because Fleischright away. With the current taste over! She's been winning awards for mann's is fast rising, easy to use. It's

for vegetable juices, you should enjoy nearly ten years now, and last fall convenient, too, keeps for months.

lightly salted potato water. won 87 prizes—at the Utah State When you bake at home, it's easier

Wherever a carton has a pouring Fair and the Cache County Fair. to serve yeastraised specialties

yeast with this dry handy. Get

spout not quite on the edge, you can Mrs. Buist's sister encouraged her Fleischmann's Active Yeast—Dry competition, to enter and youget a quick free serving with a little can be the very best. appreciate her sons sure and husband of adownfolding corner, milk carton

or tearing of a salt carton. her cooking, too. Naturally Mrs. Buist Get the new HsSPF "

uses Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. 'TripleFresh

Powdered soap, too, can be had for "It's fast and easy,"she says. "And

(Concluded on following page) keeps for months right on my shelf."Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

FEBRUARY 1957 121 Free Milk, Butter and Eggs—For You!

(Concluded from preceding page) scraping of your dishes before you makes a mickle."If you don't value

put them into the water. By prefree groceries for yourself, think of

free by tearing open the carton or removing much of the food and grease the joy you'll bring by donating the widening the spout before discarding. you cut your kitchen soap needs in two extra CARE packages a year on

But the real free soap comes from ushalf. what you could save by a little extra

ing a rubber spatula for a quick As the Scots say, "Many a muckle kitchen attention.

There Were Jaredites rrrjFFrrrr i (Continued from page 95) these calamitydriven waves of huAr LkristmaS of Lontrasts manity Schaeffer writes: 'Perhaps the I

vast movement of peoples which I Richard L. Evans I

accompanied it was led by a warlike I element which, thanks to the su- W/e cannot but be aware that this is a Christmas of conall Christmases have doubt had its No ofperiority and V trasts. its arms physical l their I

forces also that there contrasts. doubt is no the same And of numerical in spite ablevigor, was

of the purposes plans that the always opposed and have its conquests to extendinferiority I still those plans of Peace, Christ, the oppose and Prince Asia.'"al Crr\ vast areas of Westernover

purposes. And the gospel that gives man his free agency, I

"In other words,"said Blank, 7 his right of choice, is sharply seen in contrast to oppression I "Schaeffer, using purely nonliterary and coercion, and the enslaving of men's minds. One would

evidence, begins his history with a think that the world would have learned, for there never was typical heroic migration, exactly as a good way of life that was founded on fear or on force.

'purely using doesKramer literary 7 tried times fear and been Both have many I before—both avoiding deliberately whileevidence'subtly, complete with sometimes and and force-—sometimes remains."the archaeological in a succeed brutal never subduing abandon. But they

".. does as Hrozny. and exactly or in establishing permanent people permanently peace—for I

litarchaeological nor neitherusing nature, of his there is awareness own eternal in man an inner erary evidence, but purely linguistic an awareness that will always emerge no matter who seeks indications!"F. added. to enslave the minds or souls of men. And when all brutality

"It is remarkable how all the types and arrogance and evil have spent themselves, there will reIof evidence are beginning to fuse into main, always, the irrevocable reality of man's eternal

I continuance, and of ultimate justice, and the triumph ofa single image of the past,"Dr.

Schwulst observed, "and such a diftruth. There are many things that wouldn't matter very

ferent image from what it used to much if man were just a machine. If he were just an edube! Instead of a long and gradual cated muscle (with death being the end of all that he is),

upward evolution we find repeated Of* there is much that wouldn't matter very much. But blessedly

regressions as well as advances, and he is an immortal child of the God and Father who made us there is no guarantee at all that the all in his own image, and who sent his Only Begotten Son, regressions even in the aggregate are also in his own image, to redeem us from death, and to open less considerable than the advances! up for all of xis limitless eternal possibilities of peace and I

Those setbacks, as Schaeffer is at progress and everlasting life with those we love. It was this

great pains to point out, are the result our Savior did for us; this for which he was born; this for

of forces totally beyond human conwhich he died; this that we would witness to the world. And

let contrasts, despite there courage sharp be comfort andtrol. scope the 'Compared with of 2 so,

this for ourselves Christmas. Let reexamining it be a time crises,'says, 'the exthese general he

ploits of the conqueror and the and for dedicating our lives to the values that endure; a time

combinations of leaders of states for calling our families together in grateful humility for all appear quite unimportant. The phithat is ours, and with prayers for the preservation of free

losophy of history where it concerns 1 principles and oppressed peoples; and a time for teaching our

of reality children things of the divine said: "These him who us to have Ancientthe East seems to

1 in that you, have spoken unto ye might have peace."me too I the distorted singularly bybeen

convenient adoption of dynastic patHis peace and promises are unto all who repent and conform terns, however convenient they may to the principles of Jesus the Christ, the Prince of Peace. May

be for chronological classification.'52 God bless us every one.

In other words, it is not man who ijohn 16:33.

makes ancient history; yet even in Jke Spoken Word prom TEMPLE SQUARE

strictly human affairs there now PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING appear to be curious ups and downs, SYSTEM, DECEMBER 23, 1956 with regression quite as normal a part? Copyright 1956 I

of the picture as progression. Take

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the case of iron, for instance. Here

Schaeffer writes:

'A most curious and intriguing phenomenon would seem to be the disappearance of this metal after its first utilizationat the end of the Old Bronze period, and SAVE its apparently total eclipse during the entire Middle Bronze. It seems to have been

rediscovered anew in the course of the Late to period and,Bronze with the FINESTdence, in the very same judgeregion—inby all the AsiaeviMinor.'53

Here we have an important step in NEW ALLWEATHERhuman history that has to happen all over again!"

"And when you have that,"said Motor Oil

F., "how do you know that it has

not happened and unhappened alofready dozens times before?"

don't,""You Schwulst. SAVE answered

"You must not suppose, for example, Gasoline that the first of Schaeffer's great—up to 2 extra gallons

world calamities with its accompanyfrom a ing heroic migrations was the first tankful of gasoline occurrence of such an event. Long

ago the philologists were able to tracewith certainty 'migrations of people SUPERfor which there is not the slightest SAVE archaeological evidence,'5 'and these Motor Oil carry the pattern back and back to to 88% morethe earliest migration of all when,—up

according to the dean of all living miles per quart philologians, the forefathers of all the cultureslanguages of the world and

allscattered in directions a SAVE from single point searching desperately Your Motor after grass for their cattle."

"We can sum it all up, then,"said—eliminate valve

Blank, "with the safe and conservlifter rusting ative observation, that whatever the particulars may be, it is certain that we now have a totally new setting in Available which to studv the book of Ether, a in 44 States background of whose existence nobody thirty years ago would have dreamed; and the history of the JarGive your tar the tare it deserves at Utoto dealers

edites fits into that background as if it were made for it. Who can claim where you expect more and you get it!

that this is merely a happy accident?

Consider the new materials, the scope, and detail of the epic sources, now being read with a new understanding IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS and a new sense of reality; place them Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

beside the compact and powerful hissore throat and other minor mouth tory of Ether, presenting all the and throat irritations. invites

salient features of heroic times of of feudingmigration the ages and HALL'S REMEDY and International church seating vital follow,that nothing committing City, Utah Salt Lake and including nothing conflicting or + <.-mm* i. +—+<'is proving its worth in more and

will at once recognize and more churches every day.trivial—you

that there is small room here for luck DRINK Ask today for full information or chance. Men once denied categorically that Atreus or Arthur or

uternatlonafseat division of A delightful for thoseMopsus or even Moses ever lived, but ficqhot beverage now we know they were wrong: there who don't drink coffee. UNION CITY BODY CO., INC.

(Concluded on following page) AT YOUR GROCERS Union City, Indiana

FEBRUARY 1957 123 There Were Jaredites (Concluded from preceding page) Ibid., p. 565.

in Vycichl, Orientalia XXIII (1954), E4W. as there a of host was Hebrew 30lot* HlghPoUncyDAYSNutritionalSUPPLYFormula was an Achaean host just as surely Ibid., p. 546. 218. the p. 55

tests Exodus, the very that and Jnl. Gordon, H. 213: XI, N. E. Stud. "C.

prove it to be so can now be applied "The Exodus is the epic of the Birth of a VITAMINSMINERALS fully and rigorously to show that Nation, even though most of the text is now in prose form poetic (Ch. 15 preserves a there were Jaredites.

... the narrative fragment) includes content

(The end) epic episodes."

25 proven ingredient!—11 vitamins]!

(including bloodbuilding B-12 andl folic acid), 11 mineral!, choline, BIBLIOGRAPHY

inositol and methionine vitamin we'll 12.500 U5P> Unltt Yes, this send $5.00 you supEarly McGovern, The M. Empires 38W. Vilimln O ply to prove healthhow much

1.000 Unltt US? Perfect Central Hill, Asia ier of ThoughtModels (Chapel 78. p. peppier feel 1939), freeand after you may c 79

trial! a few days'5 We'll also m|.m|. 8] send Lit.,:17H. Chadwick, 173. p. M. Growth of VltimlnVitaminVltimln.} details of an amazing plan new (Concluded from page 113) Viumin l.tni.0.5 mi.

I that full provides a are S. Typical O. in G. Crawford, vitamin B-8a12

supply vitamins Niacin Amltfa mci.m|. 40I

I, Antiquity I E. Ibid., 434, C. Pinand Calcium every Curwen, for ofmonth is too tothenatt in that generally manifested an [just $2.00! You're m|.I.U. 22. I 74 IV (1930), not obligated to VitaminFolic Aclot 0.9 ml, untidy home. buy int., us from 134. op. srChadwick, now p. minerals, I)

Inositol ever.,Jor Mail couis Pluscholine,and methlonlna. natural more more 40Winifred Good %**& and Site of Lambe, "The Troy,"now! pon

7181. Antiquity VI (1932), evil. pp. powerful than a few 147A-1 Only musDept. VITASAFE St..CORP.. 43 61st W. 23. New N. Y. York discussion our in. See Westn. Pol. Quart. cles in into use but a smile; a come trial Please free send vitamins details and

238ff. IV of (1951), Plan new which pp. reject. accept or involves I strain a frown obligated on not many to am anything. I willbuy "L. Whibley, Studto Greek Companion (I enclose 25c for packing postage.) and muscles. should our stamp upon We ies 261. (Cambridge, p. 1931),

I Name... "Pliny, 'Nat. Hist. 36.1.2. hearts thoughts of humility, courtesy,

I Address. 44R. J. Braidwood, The Near East and the truth, love, and integrity in order to

, Foundations for Civilization, (Eugene, Ore., carve a helpful, noble life. As the City. Zone,Only oneStatetrial supply per family.

1952), p. 13.

4"These points are all made by Ed. King, sculptor turns to his model in order

"Observations on Ancient Castles,"Ibid. to perfect his work, so must we turn

"BANQUETMASTER"ArchaeologiaIV, (1777) 364413.I, 286290, M.cf. Barrington, in lusiveconstantlyidealsfromof thethe imperfectmaterial andlife ilin

ALLNEW THE NEW! 40Priscus de Rhetor, legationibus,

FOLDING etc., in order to mould and chisel a beautiful, BANQUET TABLE Patrol. 731ff, Graoc. 113, 737.

DESIGNED FOR TODAY! 47For a good description of this type of spiritual life. In Galatians we read:

architecture, see O. R. Gurney, The Hittites "But the fruit of the Spirit is love,

(London: Penguin Books, 1952), pp. 145ff, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness,

210, with interesting illustration. goodness, faith,

of this example is the city 48A perfect building operations of King as "Meekness, temperance: against Azitawaddu

described in the newly discovered Karatepe such there is no law."(Gal. 5:2223.)

Inscription: "... and I builded fortresses The poet Longfellow expressed the

in all the borders, remotest in the places of perfect importance thoughtmodels L.D.S. the workmen. by West Made in in there fellows, chiefs lawless which were

BanBefore buy, verse: ycompare you in the following BISHOPS—

of robber band, I Azitawaddu, placed... for of material quality quetmasters and

design. of workmanship, beauty feet, I built fortresses beneath Low them and my

in lots of 12 or more. cost—only $22.66

places so that in those the might "Sculptors of life are we as we stand Dananians Unlimited Guarantee

Sample table sent for your inspection. inhabit them. And I built this city, and I With our lives uncarved before us,

4390. collect or Write telephone (its) determined Azitawaddiya name (after Waiting the hour when at God's

... that it might be a bulwark D. INC. himself), H. CO., LOOSLI command of for the Plain the and for Adana House Falls, Idaho Idaho

of Mupshu.... So I have built this city, Our life dream passes o'er us.

named its Azitawaddiya... and instituted If we carve it then on the yielding

chief great by the as given and his name, a incision, a sharp With many ". of control, a "bulwark,"and... means Its shall heavenly be our beauty WE OFFER sacrifices."Note that the city was founded stone this city shall possess grain wine,.. and and

COMPLETE A own, this children shall people (here) whose dwell

SERVICE ENGRAVING shall cattle possess sheep and and lives that angelvision."grain Our

Missionary Portraits to the Largest From... shall they wine exceedingly be and and

Catalogues..".. mighty. this exactly Note system how

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention corresponds to that described in Ether! The

inscription discussed was quoted and CO. UTAH ENGRAVING in CARPENTER (October Improvement Era 59 1956), St. 231 Edison Salt Lake City, Utah The

pp. 71 Iff. The text with photographs may By Lort Petri

be found in Orientalia, 19 (1949), pp. 174ff.

40E. Baumgartel, The Cultures of Prehist. Tt has a lightsome, airy sound,

Egijpt, pp. 3-9. The eminent Lord Raglan Although connoting sinewed strength;

BIND YOUR ERAS FOR 1956 has recently maintained that Troy never Hinting the buoyancy and bound existed! The Jomsborg is a classic example. Of wood released from a tree's taut length;

Subscribers who wish to bind the 1956 "Lyonesse"is another, for which see O. S. G. Suggesting fragrant shaving curls

inarevolume Era Improvement off to the of The of a drone giant bee, Crawford, "Lyonesse,"Antiquity I (1927), Tossed index is being the annualformed that of girls now carefree As if from heads 5-14.

prepared. Reserve your index sending by dryadlike, see; That, one can no Nilsson, op. cit., p. 22ff. toyour address Improveand name The built alight a house And who One

Schaeffer, Stratigraphie Comparee Street, Salt Era, 50 North Lake Claudement Main faith the centuries cannot With dim,

City 1, Utah. Please enclose a threecent et Chronologie de I'Asie Occidentale (LonBut pleaded that small children might

stamp. don: Oxford Univ. Press, 1948), p. 537. Be suffered to come unto Him.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Right and Wrong Knows No jtm/wuncmt

Creed by Harold S. Manwaring SPRING

a young man I worked parttime QUARTER a drugstore elderly where anAs at CLASSES 17 MARCH seventyodd-years, man, was also HThere has never beenSIMa greater for demand employed. pletethoroughlybusinesstrainedtrainingofficewithworkers.all theGetadvancom-

He was a member of one faith and tages of individualized instruction.

BUSINESS COLLEGE I of another. We had many discusLDS70 North Main Street

sions of right and wrong, particularly Salt Lake City, Utah the drinking habit, on which we disCollegePlease andsendSpringfull informationQuarter schedules.about the

agreed heartily.

Name Many afternoons when I came to MAIL COUPON TODAY Address will receive You immediate his reply including liquor breath, I detected work on an City.Zone. State. illustrated brochure with information classes, on

tuition, living over and before the day he was would schedule, etc. accommodations,

go home drunk, leaving me to work overtime in order to finish his job after I had completed my own. BUSINESS COLLEGE PHONE

This went on for months until one Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765 day he greeted me with a sober ex70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY pression as he said:

"My boy, I've quit drinking. When

a man gets drunk, he is no longer

I've of himself. master been

injustice, a great I apologize you and doing The Special Los Angeles Temple for the way I've been loading you with my work."Issue Is Still Available!

I was astonished. To me this man

looked old and set in his habits. LosNearlyAngeles250,000Templecopiesissueof oftheTheSpecialImorof everyrelativesLatterdayand shouldSaintbe family.in the libraryOrder

provement sold Era to to have been almost it be impossible people "Won't direct from the Los Angeles of Bureau all fifty over the at world cents copy. a Information sending by the or coupon of a break habit standlong such

issue This has lasting permanent and the information it contained in together I ing?""Besides, asked. creed your value deals and with, not only the the Los with proper remittance.

doesn't believe there is anything Angeles Temple, but also with all the wrong in drinking."plannedtemples thefor Churchthe nearhas builtfuture.or thatSpecialare Los Angeles Bureau of Information

articles such as President it "Creed has David nothing O. to do with 10741 North Temple Way editorial McKay's of Purpose "The the is doing another an inwhen a man Los Angeles 24, California Temple,"Temple and "Was Work Done

justice,"he replied, "and whatever is in the Days of the Old Prophets"by Please send me postpaid causing him to do that injustice is President Joseph Fielding Smith, make it copies of the Special Los Angeles wrong. moreEightimportantbeautifuland meaningful.fullcolor pictures TempleEra at 35cissueeachof forThewhichImprovementI am eninterior of scenes the Los new paused at looked and He me inshowing closing $ Angeles are included Temple are the and tently before continued: he

first in color ever released the by Church. Name

of third the of edition this Some spe- "You're young, boy, but remember this right and wrong knows no cialvertisingissue, hascompletebeen eliminated,except that arethe stilladAddress creed. One is never too old to start available for only thirtyfive cents a copy. City State.

doing right."They make marvelous gifts for friends,j

That seventyyear-old man kept his word. I never smelled liquor on

his breath nor did I ever have to do his work again. 5th SemiAnnual "... Thou shalt love the Lord thy

all God with thy heart, all and with thy

That man's philosophy made a LDS Tourto 50 soul, all with and is thy mind. This the

lasting impression first great through and on me, and commandment. the And

is secondthe years his like unto I have found love it, Thou shalt words HAWAIIMay 1827 (May 1831 only299$29.95 more)

ring true. It is never too late to start -ALL THIS INCLUDEDthy neighbour as thyself."doing right once it is recognized from United Airlines Round Trip L. A.-Honolulu—Matt. 22:3739.

Island Hotel Tour wrong. lus Tour Festival CircleLuauhukilau Mt. TantaMor-

Temple mon Reception Lei Special LDS

Entertainment Some Meals It is a simple philosophy—loaded Limousine LEON BROWN Airport. Service to and from Honolulu

with strength, because age and differWRITE FOR BROCHURE ences in creed neither shake the truth California Intermountain News

Ave.,of it less Los Angeles to 1023 N. Western it nor applicable make 29, Calif. 5th South - Tenth West Phone EM 4-5544

Specifically planned for LDS ofeveryone us, every of our lives. day Salt Lake City, Utah

FEBRUARY 1957 125 What The Priesthood Has Meant To My Family

(Continued from page 83) be sick a while, if we know we'll soon Ifaunes3 Music(j&rtJft&Hteto me the most wonderful blessing be well—we can endure financial

of all. I'm like every other mother distress, if eventually we work our

I can't see beyond the end of my way out of the red. I believe we can

nose, and under my nose every day stand a separation from our loved are four little children who try my ones, if one day we can be reunited.

patience at times, but who also bring And I believe that, according to the me the greatest happiness and joy faithfulness with which we perform that I know. So I am thankful that, our duties and the diligence with

because of the priesthood, my huswhich we teach our children to love band and I have been sealed to each the gospel and honor the priesthood, other and to these little children for wc will enjoy the companionship of time and eternity. We can stand to our loved ones throughout eternity.

Conn We Walk By Faith organs 'TBIUMPH IN TONE (Continued from page 91) alone, is a work that requires many process of normal, guided growth. years of persistent effort, of hard phythe NEW CLASSIC... Professor Fischer, for instance, once sical and mental labor, extending

upon a time, made his first chemical through the days and into the nights.

experiment, from which he drew a How many doubters have given such

Ideal for Church, simple conclusion to which none questioning care to the existence of

Chapel or School couldfurnishedobject;him hisa secondsecond conclusion;experiment God,greatestwhichof humanall willproblems?admit isUntilthe

given, the study has been doubt- a such the produced results combined two it says: has heard Everyone who for his er has no right to claim views third conclusion, through and so on like a just sounds "This organ

pipe organ!"We invite you to thousands of experiments and conmore than the name of personal,

organ compare Conn this new the clusions, until the brilliant results of questionable opinions. No one would instrument on with any other

market! You'll find its performthe modern study of sugars were be heard in the councils of science

ance incomparable... its price reached. In short, the scientist works who did not come prepared to defend

low. amazingly

very simply by careful observation of his views from the foundation upGet FREE nature, "the earth and its fulness,"ward.

Demonstration in and by as careful reasoning from the In this place, it must be stated that facts observed: the mind builds chemists noble perhaps fewer than a dozen Store Our NOW structures of the material the senses Fischer's on the work have repeated Organists, committees and organ

all music lovers are cordially inbring. The same method may be sugars, and perhaps fewer than a

vited to a demonstrationrecital employed in gaining faith in the hundred have followed out in comPratt by Mr. Glen in our store principles of theology; and the Aposplete detail his writings on the subobligation. time. any No

tle Paul tells us distinctly that the ject. The other chemists are content

is revealed that to the of these take word men that the Daunes Music righteousness"from faith to offaith";God and right. are conclusions the work and

eternal power of God and the GodPerhaps the most the majority do is head, and "the invisible things of to select a few experiments from the 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO v'2260 WASHINGTON BLVD..06DEN him from the creation of the world work, at random, and test them. They

are clearly seen, being understood by can do other work with greater profit the things that are made."Even so than to repeat in detail what many

with the scientist, he begins with the men have already proved to be true.

things that are made and proceeds Even so it is in theology. We accept

"from faith to faith,"gaining "here a the authenticated testimonies of othlittle, and there a little,"until a faith er men and seek for ourselves other FILMS! is reached which, to him who has not and new proofs for which, perhaps, DEVELOPED followed its growth, may seem abwe are better adapted or in greater

surd in its loftiness. need. Joseph Smith, the clearsighted, and PRINTED

Jumbo Any well: this idea expressed of those have who many How

Prints 6,8 givof the cant in doubt have only joined it is given by the Holy "To some or 12

Exp. Send Coin Only 35 en a tenth as much time to a scientific Ghost that Jesus Christ is the Son of

is reGod, and that he was crucified for Roll!MONEYBACK- No C.O.D.'iGUARANTEE! study of God or the gospel as

quired to prove any one of the greater the sins of the world.

SAM'SP. O. BoxPHOTO1115, Dept. AALAB faiths in science? To prove the truth "To others it is given to believe on

Salt Lake City, Utah of the present chemistry of sugars, their words that they also might have 126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eternal life if they continue faithful."5

Let the young doubter, the incipient doubter, it may be, think of thesestatements and make his doubting, if i Em & he needs must doubt, a rational, healthy one, or, if the doubter would FROM TABLE QUEEN BREAD rather have it, of a child of reason. Do

not take the word of one man or of two; of one book or of one observation; build your faith in a truly scientific manner, by persistent labor, and

refuse to possess any other. We must

all be followers, for that is nature's law, but let us follow those powers which we know are correct. Do not

let your argument against theology be of a general, intangible, negative toastsIt tastesbetterbetter..... is.

nature, such as, "You can't prove it,"better for you,... "Show me an angel,"... "You because it's RICH A GLASS OF MILK

have not seen the golden plates of JoIN MILK. IN EVERY LOAF

seph Smith."By such arguments a

Enrichednegative position assumed, only is Vitamins ROYAL BAKING COMPANY is far Let from scientific. doubt withwhich ond Iron Salt Lake City Ogden

be positive in its efforts; compare science with theology systematically and

equal thoroughness,with in the and of How to supportgrand of the great ones SKIN PROBLEMS?

troubled with rough, dry, If you arepast ages will be found the refuge of enjoy deluxe the honest of this age. scaling or itching'skin or are an adolesskin troubles given cent with have and Now then, it must be said that "fountain"sundaes despair, thinking no product up in would

skin, relieve or heal this then in your you written been has owewhat article at home with it to try yourself to H & M OINTMENT.is for for the beginner, the doubter

this healing druggist Your has marvelous of theosufficiency the questionswho will gladly your refund renot with pleased alTottineXftide ointmentmoney if andyou are faith.logical Those who have

ready secured the foundations of their toppings skincolor.sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and

faith will testify that the gospel differs from modern science in the greattWOCOlATI er for desire of God, the Holy Spirit greater in the posconsequentlyand:* s&\ Wtj> 1 TOPPINOFUDGEna * ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO SATISFY.

session of that spirit. Through the Get it at Hyour drug*Mstore, or order from

spirit, this of faith in the gospelpower & LABORATORIES to in very H are honestcomes all who 151 NORTH, NEPHI, UTAH EASTM 2ND deed, as a great light, without the 1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00

slow growth necessary in science. POSTPAID

This, however, does not render inconsequent the necessity of work as the foundation of all faith; through the

infinite grace of God, that faith is Now make sundaes like a fountain professional—the Big, Pride Towne way! in not a undergivenoften manner

- luscious, watering sodas mouth and is If us. faith of science thestood by that to eat. sundaes a are dream Towne

compared with that of theology in the Pride Toppings do it for you—so easily,

greatest detail, the superiority of the so simply. Makes serving ice cream five

times as enjoyable. Comes in five delicious

science be shown of God may in flavors chocolate fudge, strawberry,

Discounts to butterscotch,: pineapple, chocolate syrup. fact that in especially themany ways,

Churches,God has been seen and heard by morSchools, and all Institutions tals, while no man has claimed to have seen the atoms believed in by the chemists. That is, after all, the

final Godscience difference TRUCKS between storingMONROE truck Forthe easy wayTables idea manscience; ultimate theand RANCHES of MONTANA modernFoldingtables EachandConstruestorageChairs chairspermits No. TSCorthe seen former heard and be may of eitherTruckspace tionin limited StatesTransportTruck No.StorageTS handles Also—SALEOther ORWesternTRADE

and felt; while the ultimate ideas of 40 ACRES OR 10,000 DAIRY OR STOCK Church Units may direct their inquiries to the

the latter must remain abstractions Property listings sent free on request. ChurchSouth Temple,PurchasingSalt LakeDepartment,City 1, Utah.47 East

REALTYto the human mind forever. COOK

Hamilton, Montana THE ntlOHWe. COMPANY

"D. & C, 46:1314. (L.D.S. Owned and Operated) 249 CHURCH STREET. COLFAX, IOWA

FEBRUARY 1957 127 YOE PAGE

best found anywhere and we have enjoyed very much the articles written by our Authorities in Salt Lake City.

Sincerely, hi Mrs. Dorene DeMille

Henderson, Nevada Lake Mead Stake

Honolulu, Hawaii Dear Brother:

t seems for the past twentyone years as an Era subscriber I feel a need for this wonderful magazine.

Thanking you in advance, I remain hi David Ah Look Oahu Stake Clerk

Houghton, N. Y.

Gentlemen: I still I interested Saint, very a Latterday Although am am not

Mr. and Mrs. Charles Herman Norberg today. I faith. to to college Before in your read the used coming

it. there- I would

find $2.50IJR'e searched through fiftyeight bound volumes of The ImproveforeEra quitelike toregularlysubscribebut tonowit. amEnclosedunable toyousecurewill "ment Era to find one of the many fine stories that have been year's subscription. for a

published, to start our reprint series last November. We made a Thank you,

decision of the Hills"Tale on 832). (see page Within "Coyotes—A

of this hi R. Bruce Mac Lead received publicationa few days magazine's the November we

very nice letter which we would like to share with you. Elder

Norberg is currently a patriarch in the Santa Monica Stake of

Southern California.

DEFINITION Los Angeles, California Dear Editors: A camel looks like something that was put together by a comYou really flushed two surprised "older"people out of the bushes mittee.

of graciously of oblivion published a reprint you when my as that Tale inCoyotes pleasing page layout. double a SECOND CHANCE When

this taleyoungster to Brother I submitted Anderson, H. Edward

writers. his nature. The chairman of the board had come to the plant on a tour ofhe published it to encourage young That was

inspection: I to in so intriguing those a days,It seemed, have de plume nom

is said, it that years see, exactly Wilson,"he "Let's "how many is first little especiallyused older names. sweet lady two my A very

us you've been with now?"because, she readhappy let her grandchildren can numerous now

sir,"in "Thirtynine, that Wilson, "and beamed I add may in a current written publication Since grandpa. thesomething by

I trifling entire that time mistake!"only one made first of printing of years yearsdate in experience I have had and

replied work,"the "Good chairman of the board, "but from now in Sugar work. Beginning House I knewMIA Ward where

please careful."try to be moreSuperintendent boy. Stake years on, Superintendent Curtis as a for ten

in Granite Stake. Thirtythree years ago I came to Southern California where I have been happily very busy in MIA, high council,

presidency, littlestake patriarchal older work. and The sweet

lady I mentioned is an Honorary Golden Gleaner she has and a OGDEN THIRTYNINTH WARD MIA JOYS daughter who also has that honor.

With appreciative respect I am

Sincerely, Charles Herman Norberg

Vernal, Utah Dear Editors:

J've never found a magazine so wonderful and full of knowledge for a teenager as the Era.

Thanks for such an excellent magazine.

Sincerely yours, /s/ Barbara J. Brown

Henderson, Nevada Dear Editors:

Je have had the Era in our home for several years and have always enjoyed every issue, but the November issue that I just received was a special issue to me.

I teach the Seagull girls in our ward Primary and one of the requirements for graduation is to know the offices held by our

General Authorities. The pictures of these beloved brethren is All of the girls of Mia Maid age in the Ogden Thirtyninth

going to make this requirement much easier for us to fill. Ward, South Ogden (Utah) Stake qualified for the Mia Joy

I would like to express my appreciation to the editors of this award for the year 1956. They are, first row: Linda Barnes, Bonnie:

wonderful magazine for these priceless pictures and for all the Bourne, Gloria Christensen. Second row: Bonnie Talty, Sharon

other 60th Anniversary features as they are outstanding to all the Bodily, Rae Kapp (class instructor), Gail Holbrook, Elaine West.

members of this Church. Back row: Gail Saunders, Cherrie Porter, Carole DePierro, Elaine-

I have found that stories printed in this magazine are of the Hogan, Kathleen Reeder, Rowene Hoffman, Linda Hyer.

AND OURS

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, Standard's new radiationresistant lubricants are helping put atomic power to work

During exposure to atomic radiation, some petroleum oils are turned 1956 into solids, hard enough to drive a nail, useless as a lubricant

BY 1975 the world will use nearly twice as much energy as it does today—and atomic power will be needed to supply part of atomic energy will be needed to

the growing demand. Helping develop this new power, Standard help meet 1975 power demands

research teams have been working with the Atomic Energy Comof nearly twice those of 1956 mission on many projects during the past 10 years.

One of our most urgent problems was to find lubricants for atomic 1975 machinery able to withstand withering radiation. Using a brandnew base derived from petroleum, Standard scientists developed

oils that last two to three times longer than conventional lubricants—and speed the day when commercial atomic power will help

drive planes and ships, and generate electricity for your home.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA puts petroleum progress to work for you

HAPPY FAMILIES Do It Together

Fun is a family affair when Ralph, Marion, and their three children get together for an evening of games in front of the fire. The Roberts family like their home—and they've made plans to keep it

... through Beneficial's Mortgage Cancellation Insurance.

Beneficial Mortgage Cancellation Insurance—your best bet for householding.

This plan takes the worry out of home buying. This policy terminates with the mortgage. Other

It provides cash for one of the best gifts man can policies not only protect your home, but also build leave his family—a clear, debtfree home. cash values that can be used for your own retirement,

You have your choice of several plans. For exor you can choose continued lowcost life insurance

ample, a decreasing term policy would pay up the protection after the mortgage is paid off.

entire mortgage if anything happened to you during Your experienced Beneficial agent will recomthe first year, or it would always give your family mend the best plan for you. Call him today, or write

more than enough to take care of the entire unpaid to the address below.

balance at any time during the mortgage period.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah