1930> (*1830 A CENTURYOFWORLD PROGRESS

Oke, improvementora Combined with theYOUNG WOMAN'S JOURNAL

THE SACRED GROVE, PALMYRA, NEW YORK

A Tribute To Our Pioneer Martyrs

Augusta Winters Grant Europe in the Melting Pot Dr. John A. Widtsoe

Some Uses Of Humor Bryant S. Hinckley

The Little Runt Prof. Harrison R. Merrill

'&ss:s---:/fszji r.y..::. L.

MM attm.aftlii %! ii&a

I A HOME TRAVEL j

, SAVE/or a BUSINESS INSURANCE

OPPORTUNITIES PREMIUMSSUNNY DAY VACATION EMERGENCIES

EDUCATION CHRISTMAS

t$:Sfex:S::-:->>x-.v:-:::W:i-:-fx;xS:::; '

BANK BY MAIL

National Copper Bank Salt Lake City Anderson Bros. Bank

Idaho Falls, Idaho Thatcher Bros. Banking

Company Logan, Utah First National Bank First Savings Bank Ogden, Utah **wentyfive strong banks, owned and Miners State Bank

South Superior, Wyo. operated by the First Security Corporation, are helping thousands of perFirst Security Banks at:

sons to assure themselves future Sunny Bingham, Garfield, Magna,

Hyrum, Richmond, Utah;

Days. Rock Springs, Wyo.; Preston, Pocatello, Hailey, ShoYou, too, can realize your heart's desire

shone, Gooding, Jerome, by adding regularly to a Savings AcRupert, Mountain Home, count each week or month in one of these Boise, Nampa, Blackfoot, reliable, friendly banks. One or more of Ashton, and Montpelier,

them is as near to you as your mail box. Idaho.

f 5er.unittj Ctfpovation

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

The Improvement Era For November, 1929

Yes you ean use Natural Gas in your present heating plant

It is an easy matter... and surprisingly inexpensive... to install a modern Natural Gas House

Heating conversion unit, like that pictured here, in your present warm air furnace, vapor, hotwater or steam boiler.

Then you have the luxurious comfort and convenience of an automatically heated home. No

more tending the fires... no more running down

stairs and back, half a dozen times a day—zero

mornings included—no more smoke, or soot, or

dirt, or ashes! Just a correct, healthful temperature in your home all the time, without thought

or attention on your part. Ideal living conditions!

Come in today, or phone, for further details. We'll

gladly give you an estimate of costs for your home, without obligation on your part.

If it's done with heat—

you can do it better with

Natural Gas.

t> Utah Coke 'GasMAIN 45 SOUTH Co1300 Wasatch SALT CITY 45 SOUTH

Serving SaltPHOME 1300LAKE PHOME MAIN—GasCompanyWASATCH WASATCHCity C

,X)0 - - KAYSVILLEn,jnn - CENTERVILLE {BmnchOfpce)PhoneKav:vitleBOUNTIFUL-- LAYTON--"MAGNA Gas Ogden Cake,CompanyST. 174 414 TWENTYFOURTH "PHOME FARM1NGTONTO0ELE--GARFIELD--MURRAY(Bmne;,0/fire)/*OOTurmi,iSJ

Oytten - Serving MIDVALE SANDYThe Improvement Era For November, 1929

- * ii *

NEW

THIS IS ONE Of TheMAJESTIC Colorful Tone NEW No A. C. Hum TWINS

Electric RADIO Model 92 Mighty Monarch of the Air $167 50—Less Tubes

Twin Model 9 1 Mighty MonarchPay $10 of the Air

Balance 50 Monthly -Less Tubes Call in and see the Other Twin

Radio has surely become a necessity. In every home there is an honorable place

for this gem of modern science—radio furnishes the cleanest entertainment

in the world—it reaches the remotest corner of the earth and brings joy and

companionship to all.

You cannot buy a better radio than Majestic—at any jfrice. And by the easy

DaynesBeebe club plan you will never miss the money you pay for it—see all

the beautiful Majestic models at our store—or in your home—select one—it

will bring you joy.

JOSEPH"OLDERJ DAYNESTHANPRESIDENTTHE STATE OF UTAH"

The Improvement Era For November, 1929

FOR ECA8T About fifteen years ago Dr. The Improvement Era

James E. Talmage, of the Council Heber J. Grant

of the Twelve, wrote a number of Hugh J. Cannon Editor Elsie T. Brandley

parables for the Era. These were Managing Editor Associate Editor

based upon observations which he had made, and were widely read. Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Reesley

Dr. Talmage has kindly consented Business Manager Associate Business Manager

to furnish us with the "Parable of George Q. Morris

the House Party and the Weather,"Rachel Grant Taylor for the December number. Chairmen Finance and Publications

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement

Can the deaf be made to hear Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ and the dumb to speak? Read of Latterday Saints

what a "Mormon"scientist is doing in New York along that line.

This account of Dr. Harvey FletchCONTENTS

er from the pen of H. R. Merrill is Title Page

something to which our readers can Editorial—

look forward. Greetings, from the First Presidency

What Hath God Wrought Hugh J. Cannon

Europe in the Melting Pot Dr. John A. Widtsoe 9

As a Man Soweth—A Contrast A. A. Hinckley and LeRoi C. Snow 12

Another scholarly article by PresidentSome Uses Heberof HumorJ. Grant Birthday Greetings Bryant S. Hinckley 1314

Dean Milton Bennion, "A SpiritIdeals Dean Milton Bennion 16 ual Philosophy of Life,"will be A Tribute to Our Pioneer Martyrs Augusta Winters Grant 17

Trail 18 Anne McQueen M. On the issue.presented in the next, Prof. R. Driggs 20 Lonely Howard This The Poem OregonGrave—Aseries is deserving of thoughtful Phillips of 21 Burial Wendell The John Brownstudy. The New Washington Senator Reed Smoot 22

Gospel H. Brimhall 25 Youngest Old ManDr. George The Gratitude—The

the Green the Rockies From Mountains to 26 D. Giles John

The World Scout Jamboree Oscar A. Kirkham 32

Little Merrill Harrison Story Prof. R. 37 to The the Green Mountains "From Runt—Football

Life Merrill In It Earth and F. Joseph Dr. The 44 Rockies,"the D. Giles, by John

S. Keep.—Joseph Are Going Peery 46 On the Way You

will be continued in forthcoming A Spiritual Philosophy of Life Dean Milton Bennion 47 numbers. This interesting series My Thoughts on Gazing on the Grandeur of Bryce Canyon

will be the means of making old Mrs. W. H. Richards 49

and young familiar with scenes UnionWhat MenForeverLive By—Reviewed Elsie SusaTalmageYoungBrandleyGates 5250which mean so much to Latterday A World Traveler's Opinion of "Mormons"54

Saints. The Contributor Junius F. Wells 55 The Spawners—-A Story Ivy Williams Stone 57

Priesthood Quorums 62 Poetry 64 Fitting well with the foregoing Pictures of Juarez Grace Zenor Pratt are the articles by Carter E. Grant, HolderBeauty of Flames MaryStellaM.P.PorterRich

written so graphically that they The StayAt-Home Frank C. Steele

will be read by all classes. Not The Best Comes Back to Me Bertha A. Kteinman

only are they full of historical MutualExecutiveWork Department 65 value, but are highly interesting Adult Department 74 as well. Community Activity Department 76

MGleanerMen DepartmentGirls Department 8083

Department MenGleaners 84 M In addition there will be ChristGirls Department Junior 90 mas stories, biographical sketches, VanguardsScouts Department 92

M. I. A. department material and Bee Hive Girls Department. 94

instructions to the Priesthood. Supplementing the Priesthood items AcceptanceEnteredforatmailingthe Postat Office,special Saltrate Lakeof postageCity, providedUtah, as forsecondclassin section matter.1103,

will be an account of the interestAct of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

ing experience of Bishop J. A. Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are conRockwood with a group of boys sidered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially

who, under his direction, went requested, will be destroyed.

through the grades of the Aaronic $2 perPublishedannum. monthlyAddress:at SaltRoomLake406CityChurchby theOfficeM. I.Building.A. General Boards;

and into the Melchizedek Priesthood quorums.

"I | A L ft[edit 1 o O R 1 Hugh J. Cannon Heber J. Grant Elsie Talmage Brandley

I Managing Editor Editor Associate Editor n

Greetings JTtheis notYoungtoo Woman'smuch to expectJournalthat,andcombinedwith thewithaid thewarfarecharacterthe assaultsand faithareof notour madeyouth.withIn thisstormlineand.of

of gifted women, the Improvement Era will noise, but craftily. The Era in the past has done much

reach a degree of perfection not heretofore attainable, to energize the desire to live righteously; it has assisted

For years these magazines have reprein the establishment of high standards sented organizations which run along of living, inspired lofty ideals and has parallel lines, and it seems wise to have thus waged constant battle against the the efforts of all concentrated on one insidious and artful attacks* of wickedperiodical. A material saving of time The Young Woman's Journal

{ has been no whit behind itswill result, and still the Mujf tual Improvement interests *Xr*t-5"% companion magazine in this will be better served and at commendable work.

a greatly reduced cost to the This is an era of imgeneral public. This step provement in spiritual, inhas our hearty approval, and tellectual and scientific lines,

we congratulate M. I. A. but the world is whirling

workers on its consummaalong at such a rate that tion. there is danger* of man losIn this connection we ing his sense of direction.

is there solidwonder if stands This magazine another OVf. ANTHONY 'WNIBLEY W. IVINS %e$t CHARLES

First Counselor Second Counselor in the countrymagazine ly for the splendid slogans which represents jointly a adopted in the past by the men's and a women's organization. Whether there M. I. A. It stands, too, for the greatest fact of modern

is or not, this is certainly a significant step in the times, that God the Father and Jesus Christ the Son direction of coeducation. appeared in person to Joseph Smith. The Era must

The Era will continue to be the organ of the Priestcontinue to herald the startling truth that the Alhood and the Church schools as it has been for some mighty has spoken, that man is created in his image, years past. that the Priesthood has been restored, Christ's Church

Offering, as it does, material suited to the tastes of established and the plan of salvation made clear.

young people, it has a well defined mission to perform among them. The power of the destroyer is abroad.

We read with bewildering frequency of appalling disasters on land and sea—floods, volcanoes, earthquakes,

cyclones, wars and revolutions, and both ancient and modern prophecy indicates that in this respect conditions will not become better. Over these occurrences

naturally no human agency can have control. But wn>*7

disturbances caused by the elements are not the only forms, nor indeed the most serious, taken by the destroyer. Concurrent with them and of far more consequence are the destructive inroads planned to wreck The First Presidency,

What Hath God Wrought <By HUGH J. CANNON

regardless message, of its fact that a in the to weeks? Or of years from Adam the thousandsDURING haste, necessity for or the required many importance century, moved men of the last the beginning

along in the even tenor of their way, each suchourstraverseto thebe sentworlda hundredalmost instantaneously?miles then, suddenly can very living extent great a to generationceeding Christ of Jesus the year of Church Centennial The fastest ancestors. earliest The their as didmuch is us. suggestion that Saints Latterday of upon A or horse transportation by was of meansknown years ago hundred one inaugurated the movement runner otherwise a human than oftencamel. More prophet, has Smith, Joseph had the modern through Indeed, men the news. carry to upon dependedwas these durastonishing developments bearing upon any transportation and of sole means the were animalsor people. hosts of challenged will this be period by ing occasional smoke for except messages bearingalso of

is is challenge inevitable. a mere However, no That transmitof visual means other orsignals, semaphores

refutation.

ting thought.

But with the commencement of the nineteenth cenOne might almost say that the steamship came into tury, a period the like of which was never before being coincident with the birth of this modern known to the world as far as history reveals, a marprophet, the locomotive with his first vision, and the velous transformation occurred. telegraph with his martyrdom. Were these discoveries, the habits world, of the revolutionize to destined chemistry, fields of the into venturing Without to the cobbrush the birth the of was man and who merely science, of but branches kindredmedicine, and his of religious the the fellowmen thought webs from transporlines of along progress made theconsidering of chances? chapter of a whole at result stands amazed one communication,tation and

what has been accomplished. A skeptical world had In the "last days,"God was to pour out his spirit

hardly recovered from its astonishment over the upon all flesh: "Your sons and daughters shall

steamboat when the steam locomotive took the center prophesy, and your young men shall see visions, and of the stage; and before the great majority of people, your old men shall dream dreams."This prediction,

even in civilized countries, had seen a train, the teleit is true, had a partial fulfillment during the earthly graph came into existence. Following closely on its ministry of Christ and immediately subsequent thereheels was the telephone, then the automobile and the to, but as hundreds view it those were not the "last

aeroplane. days". These are, and the world is seeing a literal

an amazing consummation of that which was atand before never a speed at is moving The world foretold. the air, are through records madetained. Endurance

great events precede of the one should which As earth, to heroes come down notbut do endure—the scene, final the an angel to fly through winding up was the welcomthe ovation accorded them by beforeand,

ing crowd has subsided, their records are broken by the midst of heaven with the everlasting Gospel denew heroes. The Graf Zeppelin encircles the globe in creed to be preached to every nation, kindred, tongue

about twelve days of actual flying time. Heavierand people. The imagination staggers before the

thanair machines hurl themselves through space at thought of how long this would take with the meththe rate of six miles a minute. Now we have teleods and means in vogue at the time the Church was

vision, telephotography and endless other things unorganized in 1830. For more than two decades after

dreamed of by our forbears. All this, when less than reaching Utah, our missionaries crossed the plains

threequarters of a century ago the pony express with oxteams or, under fortunate circumstances, with evoked wonder. horses, and many weeks were required to reach Europe

These are commonplace things to the present blase or the Pacific Islands in uncertain sailing vessels.

generation and can be glibly recited by every well inNow it is estimated that ten million people listen formed school boy. each Monday afternoon to the broadcast of the taberThey stimulate thoughts, however, which are not nacle organ and choir program. Millions have heard

commonplace. One wonders why the door to this "Mormon"sermons delivered over the radio, many

storehouse of knowledge remained hermetically sealed of them persons whose pride would not permit them through thousands of years and was suddenly thrown to attend a service in a chapel or hall. Modern newswide open, that all with resolute perseverance might papers with their farflung and efficient newscollect-

enter. History reveals the fact that there were great ing agencies are a potent factor, sometimes unintenminds in the world throughout the ages. Many things tionally, in declaring the message that God has again

attest this fact; their knowledge of astronomy, skill in spoken.

building, and experiments along various scientific Old men dream dreams and young men see visions, lines; but the ancient minds seemed padlocked and visions which with miraculous skill are projected into

confined within ceiin bounds. accomplishment. The spirit of God is surely being

Is there special significance in the fact that during poured out upon all flesh, as was predicted by the thousands of years men traveled with oxen and ancient prophets; it is revealing to them the mysteries

donkeys, or at best with camels and horses, and then of nature heretofore hidden from the world, and, as overnight, comparatively, are able to fly through the was also predicted, few are they who see in it the hand air at almost incredible speed and remain aloft for of divinity.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929

says: The Brick Man

When you use brick, you do not experiment, you do not take chances*'

The great Chinese Emperor, Ch'in, 200 B. C,

has many notable achievements to his credit.

F None, however, ranks with his great brick wall, \ 1200 miles long, which kept the Tartar hordes out for so many years and still stands today.

Modern builders who are seeking for both beauty and enduring strength might do well to pattern after Ch'in and use brick.

The same brick that repelled invaders will successfully keep out extremes of heat and cold.

The enduring brick that protected generations will shelter greatgrandchildren.

The same beautiful brick will delight the eye of mankind long after the hand that laid it is a memory.

In addition to a complete line of Face, Common and Mantel brick, we manufacture Hollow

Building Blocks, Drain Tile, Vitrified Clay

Meter Boxes, Sewer Pipe, Wall Coping, Flue

Lining, Roof Tile and other kindred clay products.

Quotations cheerfully given on request.

The Salt Lake Pressed Brick Company 3 19 Kearns Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone: Wasatch 951

L

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 7

W Thanks and Congratulations!

Subscriptions to new IMPROVEMENT ERA exceed all expectations.

The General Officers of the Mutual Improvement same attitude. The result has been that the subAssociations take this method of expressing their scriptions have far exceeded expectations and inthanks and appreciation for the truly remarkable sured the distribution of the Era into representative

cooperation given by the stakes and wards in the homes throughout the entire Church.

introduction of the new IMPROVEMENT ERA. Splendid as have been the results and the benefits

We expected a generous response which is always to the magazine, the most valuable and commendable forthcoming from the field when requested, but we feature of the whole movement has been the excelwere overwhelmed by the avalanche of subscriptions lent spirit in which the work has been done. From

received. all parts of the Church have come reports of reWe wish it were possible to express appreciation newed interest, not only in M. I. A. work, but in

personally and mention individually all those who general Church work as well. Presidents of stakes

have done exceptional work in this campaign. Some and Bishops of wards have supported us enthusiasticwards have sent in more subscriptions than the total ally, for which we are grateful.

number of Church families in the ward. Several To all who have participated in the work and made

wards have disregarded the 7 1/% minimum quota possible this glorious success up to this time, we exentirely and with a vision of the big objective of the tend our thanks and appreciation. Every possible

new movement have sought to place the Era in effort will be made to publish a magazine that will every home. in every way justify the splendid cooperation you

Entire stakes, in some instances, have taken the have given us.

Here Are Some of the "Highlights"of the Campaign

TELEGRAMS LETTERS Maricopa Stake: LEADERS TO OCT. 17 Edwin G. Wells of Moapa Stake:

over one hundred Stake Maricopa "The is 'over Stake top'the Moapa % of Chandler Era. in per cent on the the six only Era Drive of with Ward Stake Quota

sold seventyseven subscriptions Union 179 its nine wards reporting. We have

with only seventyone families in Fremont.....162 over 7%% of the Stake population

Ward. Tavlor 14(5 now. However we are not through

Teton 146 with our Drive yet, and expect to 143 Maricopa Stake: Oneida have about of our Stake 130% Hyrum over the top. finish. before quota Era campaign of we Two.....135141 Moapa our the wards of have 200% (15% 130 Yellowstone

Stake: Taylor their population) of ward number 128 Franklin

Over the top on seven and oneSnowflake 12fi of Eras, and one of them is going half per cent minimum quota Era. >lontpelier US to try to be the champion ward of

...118 Parowan hunfour approximately Expect our the reached have We 117 Cache subscriptions. opdred Harvesting is first our aim an Era Church.goal—now 116 Morgan erations drive delaying somewhat in every home."114 Benson

coto done everything is being but Raft River...114 of Boxelder: Louise W. Skidmore every to reach with operate Board 113 Pocatello

home. Gunnison 112 "We are happy to let you know

Alpine 110 that Box Elder Stake has gone over

Benson Stake: Juab 110 100% for the New Improvement

1C9 Era."in the every ward. Over

- 109 656 PalmyraOneida subscriptions quota. 10S topreceived—589 Curlew following report wards The The eighty placed Third Lewiston... Ward 108 in Nearly Every Era ChandHome: thirty. This of only with quota Eras 105 North Weber ler of Stake; Las Maricopa Vegas is in in Sevier 105 that every Era an home

Stake; and Logandale of Moapa 103 irTimpanogos in every Era home Ward. An Stake; St. of Union AnLa Grande 103 Logan our color of or creed respective

102 San Juan of Yellowstone First Stake; thony slogan. to send more Hope many Sanpete 102 North Clarion, Centerfield Axtell of and subscriptions result as of week Era 100 Wasatch of Sterling Stake; Taylor Gunnison campaign. F:ills 100 Twin Stake; of Third Lewiston Benand Hear 100 Lake

Palmyra Stake: Big Horn 100 son Stake.

Palmyra Stake over one hundred Cassia 100 per cent. 349 subscriptions required Idaho Falls 100 We want to thank every worker

—356 received. Drive not comMinnidoka TOO who has taken part so splendidly

plete. Expect many more. in this campaign.

ttThe Era in Every Home"i——

8 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

This HOME INDUSTRY provides employment for 1500 workers and contributes greatly to the welfare of Utah

Section af the Utah Oil Refining Company plant at Salt Lake City. This refinery

occupies 125 acres and is one of the largest industrial enterprises in the intermountain territory.

Utah is justly proud of the Utah Oil Refining yield royalties to the state for roadbuilding and school

Company. building and maintenance purposes.

Manufacturing quality products and contributing in It is now building a road with 50 teams and 100 in Valley Butler to Dome from Cannonville state, this the welfare commen, of the great measure toward can start so it of $35,000, southwestern Utah at a cost workers, subsidiaries 1,500 employs and its pany which in turn means that 15,000 people are dependdrilling a well for oil, which will cost more than ent upon this concern for a livelihood. It was organized $150,000.

in 1909 by Utah people; has been developed and During the twenty years since the manufacture of

managed ever since by Utah people and circulates over gasoline and oils was started in Utah, the people of $8,000,000 throughout the state of Utah every year. this state have supported this industry splendidly. Their

patronage has resulted in the growth of the industry

Because of its large taxable property it pays approxifrom a small plant on a quarter acre of land, to a mately 75c per head for each boy and girl going to mammoth plant occupying 125 acres... from an origschool in the state of Utah. inal capital investment of $30,000 to a total present

investment of $10,000,000... from an original capaIt has spent $2,500,000 in oil exploration work in city of 7 barrels of crude oil daily, to a present capacity

Utah, which would increase the taxable wealth and of 13,000 barrels.

We are glad to acknowledge the importance of this industrial enterprise to the people of our state and to join in commending the spirit behind the slogan—"What Utah

Makes, Makes Utah."

UTAH STATE NATIONAL BANK Officers Directors Heber J. Grant, President Heber J. Grant Arthur Winter

Anthony W. Ivins, VicePresident John F. Bennett George S. Spencer

Charles W. Nibley, VicePresident Charles W. Nibley Willard R. Smith

John F. Bennett, VicePresident James G. McDonald Moroni Heiner

Orval W. Adams, VicePresident Henry T. McEwan John C. Howard

Richard W. Madsen, VicePresident G. G. Wright "Orval W. Adams

Edwin G. Woolley, Jr., Cashier Waldemar Van Cott David P. Howells

Alvin C. Strong, Asst. Cashier Anthony W. Ivins Richard W. Madsen

John W. James, Asst. Cashier Stephen L. Richards W. S. Chipman

... v THE IMPROVEMENT3SE ERA

Vol 3341 NOVEMBER, 1929 No. 1

Europe in the Melting, Pot By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

CANit hasthischangedbe Europe?from theHowEuPresidentof the Councilof theofL.theD.Twelve.S. Europeani Missionsi andi a Memberi y

rope of my childhood or of my student days, thirtyone years ago! Of course, the narrow, cobblestone streets, the crowded, queer

houses, the cramped mode of living, the grimy poverty, the social strata, and the weight of castled faceand cathedraled centuries—the

still here, much asof Europe—are

in the past. The difference is one

of outlook and attitude, of hope and fear, of the spirit, but as real as wood or stone. The change is

remarkable.

The spirit of tolerance, new and pervasive, is startling. A generation ago "Mormon"elders in Germany divided their time between

being in jail and keeping out of jail for the crime of being "Mormons;"today, they have the use

of magnificent schoolhouses in Berlin for Sunday meetings. Then,

according to the British press, magnetic "Mormon"elders exported

English girls to an "immoral"place in the American West; today,

the same papers publish respectful interviews with said elders, and comment upon the splendid achievements of the State of Utah;

and one paper is now publishing, serially, a life of Brigham Young, written by one of his daughters.

There are those who would gladly flay or burn a "Mormon,"but their voice is thin, and they are of the class who indiscriminately would like to flay or burn somebody.

day, look over his country's borThe cocksureness of the EuroHTHE spirit of tolerance is not der into his neighbor's land withpean is passing. "After all,"he

confined to "Mormonism."It out wheezing and bristling. There seems to say, "my country may

has entered every concern. The old are yet selfish nationalism and nanot be the only one under the sun."

barriers of prejudice have crumbled. tional selfishness enough to be danThe Briton is pondering deeply,

It is conceded, though ever so regerous, but the feelings of the "Perhaps the British lion is not the luctantly, that good may "come masses of the people are mellowing only animal with sharp teeth."

out of Nazareth."A European can before the sun of tolerant underOne is not now crowded off Gernow, at the comfortable close of standing. man sidewalks by selfsufficient,

10 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

longcoated militarists. Even the man is more interested in sunlight starved British workman helplessly

Frenchman, in heated argument, and full physical maintenance accepts the existence of vast estates swears at you behind his hand. things denied him in the past of pasture and hunting lands,

There is a new realization that the than with boundary lines and dipworld is made for all men. lomatic history. His economic

There is an equally noticeable speech is multiplied in volume, bechange in language. I mean in cause there are more common men played<-JONSa ofgreatwidowedpart in themothershistoryhaveof

spoken thought, not in kind of in Europe than ever before, while the world. Dr. John A. Widtsoe is

speech. Europe is still afflicted with the valleys and hills that hold the one of them. People envy him be-

a dozen or more tongues that reelements of sustenance, have recause of his learning, but, though toil price in gifted, a high he paid Politin size.tard comprehension unchanged mutual and mained

all has that he privation for or isgoodwill. ical freedom is one of the serihas come That imcom- acquired.and Norwegian A poor

ous problems of the European fuing, that is taken for granted; migrant boy, he worked his way

ture. But in every European equality in the enjoyment of the through our local schools, then

he was Harvard, where through provided things very thetongue same good by nature much honors, highest the with industry discussed being throughthoughts human are now university of the Goetthrough is deandgraduated manded. he new took his where tingen, Germany, thoughts—and—relatively

as served has degree. He are the real lanspoken thoughts Whatever the subject, modern doctor's

the experiment teacher, director ofguage of nations. Some hundreds European speech is effective and unpresident of station, the Utah

of years ago, Europe spoke in terms derstandable only in terms of hucultural College and of the UniverAgri- of Catholic power; then of the man needs. A government is good sity of Utah. Nationally, Dr. WidtBible and the Reformation; then because it is economically successsoe has served on some of the most

committees. factfinding important liberty ful; because while or political is worthof democracy a man

soil on and pamphlets books His toeach contributed the economic he has period marked by tremendous, practice irrigation and chemistry, worldshaping events; today the welfare of his fellowmen; a phildry farming have been widely disloud and insistent speech is of osophy is enlightening only if it tributed and translated into other

economics, of bread and butter. explains the events of today; a relanguages.

The need for physical comforts is ligion must be practically capable coequal with man, and has always of use in daily life. Do not misissue, understand; Europe is built thebeen upon but manner a human dire need Britain's Great when

is It is foundations. peculiar the to spiritualof expressing need into the not cries domain cut to have up

this age. a materialistic language; rather one small, intensively cultivated farms.

effort requiring that the average man, all human common The the maperhaps continent the is welOn speech shall converge with upon makman, human common cut are lands jority of the hay fare. tolerant. the hereafter,"ing His thoughts not fear "I do Europe of a need scythes, in the face with

are the European, of parliaments. "but I modern on the lips He says Established reform. for economic

is coining today's language. He is detest and dread sin and poverty customs are modified slowly. Then,

evils of long standing, that corrupt and weaken the will, have free these is the range. Notable among

beverages. In alcoholic c.f >.- CHATEAUTHIERRY (Aisne).el -SeMonumentM6tho<iist deMeroomt.Li 3'Division de i'Armeesit* litatsUn use of

( countries where whisky and strong Monument, of ofthethe3'* MemoryDivision ofU.S.the de&.r Heroes

liquors are mostly used, the poverit is awful. Where wines—andty of the people is most apparent

replace the stronger drinks, the people appear more prosperous, and where light beers are commonly drunk, the economic condition seems still better. It is a commentary on prohibition that may

be read by every observant European traveler. A large portion of

Europe's economic and social unhappiness would vanish quickly with the adoption of prohibition.

governments it, but The know *"H, yZ 3fi i'::i..J'S::3 their conscience a soothe by using

Lest the Great War be Forgotten parttaxes—breadof the incometaken fromfrom hungryliquor women and children—to pay starcoming into his own; he is of inand disease. Does your religion vation pittance to the unemployed.

creasing concern to the State; he help men conquer such evils?"American bibbers of illegal liquor

has become the State. Kings are might be awakened to moral reobsolete; those who remain are '"TRADITION and ageold consponsibility if they could have the

parts of the National fashion show. ventions continue to obscure contrast of wet Europe on a SatThis rising, increasing common remedies and hamper progress. The urday night.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 11

HTHE focusing of national feeling, riers be broken down, and the eye. "That's all I got out of it."

placing countless limitations countries unite in economic enThe middleclass German, aged upon trade and friendship, causes deavor? The tide of feeling favors and grey with grief, whose only

son was killed, and whose wife as a result is in a mental hospital, said, "It was a useless war. None

wanted it, except the military men."The bookseller in my old

university town straightened up and almost shouted, "There is only one end to the whole affair Paris!"In central and Eastern

Europe, particularly, a noticeably large proportion of the people who were children during the war years,

insufficient areedlimbed—resultsdwarfed, humpbacked,of crookor improper nutrition. Horrible

gashes over the face of Europe, material and spiritual, are constant reminders of the war. One wonders if the brutes who were responsible for causing it can ever be

racked enough. The war taught

terrible lessons, which are not fully

Avenue in Geneva, Switzerland, Named After our War President learned; for, amidst the happy

transformations, lurks the expectancy of war and the necessity of international blindness. I asked an the experiment. M. Briand only preparing for it. Centuries of warintelligent Berlin workman, I voiced Europe's thought in his fare have left the nations unable

suspect now that he was a commurecent proposal of a European ecoto conceive of other means of setnist, for his remedy for Europe's nomic federation. It will come; tling misunderstandings and diswoes. He gave prompt answer: and perhaps out of it may grow the putes or of solving wounded

"A United States of Europe!"larger governmental union, indishonor. It is so easy to rush to the

I sepensable to future world peace. arsenal! On every hand is the cryThat sounded interesting—so

cured the views of people in variThat which has not been accomous countries, concerning such a plished by abstract truth, however

European union. The immediate majestic, may be realized through

statement was unanimous. "We economic pressure.

want nothing of it. We want to Fear of the United States, prosbe governed by our own people, perous, wellfed country, with her

who speak our language. It is imwares on every European counter,

possible."There was not a disis crystallizing the feeling for an

senting voice. Clearly, it was an European economic union. "If we

expression, not of matured analysis do not get together,"says the canand reflection, but of centurydi- did European, "we shall become rected feelings. Such traditional bond slaves to America, our impoints of view are curiously, and mature child."No love for

disturbingly, intermingled with America is lost on European highEurope's new tolerance and call for ways. Affection is not begotten

economic equality. for the successful competitor or the

A United States of Europe did inexorable interest and capital colnot seem so impossible, however, lector. Other favors are forgotten

when the matter was further disin economic warfare. A generation

cussed. The objection seemed to ago, America was hated, as I well

be to a political, rather than to an remember, because, having won the economic union. Men eat bread, war with Spain, she was interfernot politics. The example of ing with divine monarchial rights.

America was always used. Among Today she is praised on European

the halfhundred States of the shores for upsetting thrones, but

American Union, approximately condemned for her economic sucthe area of Europe, but with only cess. The United States is everone-fifth the population, all activipresent in European thinking.

ties are carried on fully, without that American reparations demands boundary interference, and an HT HE Great War? O yes, it is are the cause of European troubles.

economic success, not before known remembered! The Frenchman That is patently not so, but it is

in the world, has been attained. who keeps a meagre hotel at true that war debts are Europe's

Can the same be achieved in EuChateau Thierry stroked his artiinsurance against her own immerope, if the present customs barficial jaw and touched his glass diate folly. Without reparation

12 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

payments, Europe would think less her of spendingof more peace and As a Man Soweth in preparationssurplus, and more for war. Again, economic necessity outweighs spiritual ideals. It A Contrast

is to be hoped that no impractical, slushy sentimentality will cancel By A. A. HINCKLEY By LEROI C. SNOW

obligations.present The memory

to be Former Commissioner of AgriMember of the Y. M. M. I. A. horrors needsof war

strengthened. And, it may be culture of Utah General Board

added, that the nations that most valiantly are attempting to make FARMER in an outlying JACOB HAM B LIN, noted are apostlerepayments with those which, scout, "an was set apart returned county home one J preserve willAmerica, the world President to the Lamanites"by "I to his boys: in Aevening and said

peace. met Mr. B. today and he wants to Brigham Young, and was promised

All this and more may be said buy a cow. He's comin'over in that as long as he was faithful to

about Europe in 1929. Mean the mornin'to look at ours. I'd his calling he would never be

while, our civilization was born in like to git rid of that goodfor- harmed by the Indians. Confident

Europe. America, which has so nothing old rip we all hate so in this promise he mingled fearsuccessfully built upon European much to milk and who breaks lessly with them during the serious

foundations, is tempted to view down every fence on the place. I've troubles in the early 80's, in southMother Europe as a very old, slow been thinkin'that it would be a ern Utah and Arizona, and became

lady; but she, knowing her viggood plan to let her go tonight and known as the great "peacemaker."

orous, skilful children, chuckles, tomorrow mornin'without milkThe following experience related often with good reason, at our imin'and of course she'll have a big by Jacob Hamblin, Jr., indicates

maturity, and she can go fast udder and will draw his attention. his character:

enough. The fastest steamers, When he asks about her you boys "On one occasion my father told

railroad trains and aeroplanes are chip in and say, 'Dad, you surely me he had a horse to exchange for in Europe. The sound appreciaain't goin'to sell old Fillpail, are Navajo blankets, and asked me to

tion of spiritual foundations you?'Then I'll say, 'Course not. get on my pony, lead the horse to

education, science, art and music We couldn't spare her. She's the be traded, and go to the Indian viland dominates the best cow we got.'lage and see what kind of a bargain desire,literature—yetif not altogether the practice, "That will make him want the I could make.

of Europe. On her lands, religion old hussy more'n ever. Now "The old chief, recognizing me,

still continues to be more than a you'll have to be cute about it and came out of his hut. I explained

buttonhole bouquet. The very not say too much, but say enough. my errand and asked if he knew

principles of action that have made Just foller me, and you'll see how anyone who wanted to make such

America an incomparable world to do the thing right."a trade. The chief, after looking

power, may yet transform Europe the horse over, brought out some by the use of her wealth of accuAND the farmer rubbed his fine blankets, spread them upon the mulated experience to foster and "hands gleefully in anticipation ground, and said: Til give you

establish every human good. of a high price for an inferior anithose for the horse.'

mal. His boys were no less joy-

I set say: to out HIS sure not is what said, HP 'Be particular this ous, for 1 just Europe, is in a unless now, you horse cow was the RATHER-*- to trade hadthe existence. their of bane

melting pot. The stuff of which get its full value.'So I shook my

she is made is genuine enough, and Mr, B. came as was expected, head and demanded more. The

the old rusty corners of the antiand the prearranged plan worked surprised chief got more, among quated systems are rapidly softenout as if on ballbearings. Sundry them two fine buffalo robes. Fiing. A melting and recasting of sly winks were exchanged between nally I closed the bargain.

besons; and his material the old be for evthe farmer and would big the difficulty "With erybody's good. father their and outcome of The the backs of hind happy on bundle home myI carriedpony, present will conditions depend on the as was visitor, money the the trade, showed and the over

the intensity apthe length of and could the boys hands, changing Imagine father. to my blankets my plication heat. of the us Let hope It their mirth. was restrain hardly into divided them he surprise when

it until the continue impendmay of a such sucker lot that rolled one piles, not often up then two changes permahave assumed ing farm. the pony to to get on came proportions my me and asked

nency. When the purchaser leading "Filland take them back and tell the

pail"was out of earshot, the father chief he had sent too many. It was

and the boys shouted with glee. a hard thing to do, but I was alye people "Hearken, who O

fess saith your the Lord proWhat became of the stranger and waysasked.obedientWhen andI explaineddid as my tofatherthe my name,

God; for behold, mine anger is the cow? That isn't important, chief what father had told me to

kindled against the rebellious, and and I don't know. But I do know do, the old Indian put his hand on

they shall know mine arm and what became of the boys. They my head and said: 'I knew you'd

mine indignation, in the day of have both served terms in the Utah come back. Jacob would not keep

visitation and of wrath upon the penitentiary for cattle stealing. so many. You know, he is our

nations."Doc. and Cov. 56:1. Who was to blame? father as well as your father.'

President Hebev J. Grant

/l S a husband and father, and a real the everincreasing group of people who Church; that God has a special work for

U. friend to the widow and orphan, and recognize him as their spiritual leader. him to do, for which he has been, and is,

as head of the Church of Jesus Christ of General Board of Relief Societies. the recipient of blessings to enable him to

Latterday Saints, President Heber J. do this work. The General Church Board

for a of prays conwishes Education and faithful a consistent, has ever beenGrant of the Mutual ImGeneral Boards health, to divine of vigorous him is to tinuation extend Associations Saint. a strong advocateLatterday THEprovement He life. favors a prolonged and

of the Gospel of the Messiah by precept and by example. His life is an open esteem it an honor to serve underbook. He is much beloved of his people. WE your presidency and to devote ourThe Council of the Twelve join with the selves to the cause to which you have given

multitudes of his other friends and adso generously of your time, treasure and mirers in wishing him health and talent. That all Latterday Saints

happiness and many returns of his may with faith and works rememnatal day. Rudger Clawson, in ber your birthday every year in.

behalf of the Council of ways which will accomthe Twelve, plish for the Church and'the Saints all your heart SEVENTY-T H R E E you.desires Deseretis our Sundayprayer for

years of unusual enSchool Union.

ergy and great usefulness birth the President of life of abundantcrown

J. THEHeber Grant was President Grant. Fatherless almost from birth, the climax of a great lifebut blessed with a Spartan drama, and the commencemother, he early developed ment of a marvelous mission. and'men The persistself-reliance and

life gave him who women in business ence. man A were descended the from the teens, apostle his of an

Jersey, Quakers of New years twentysix at Lord the Puritans of EngNew exercise'd a long has the land and noblest famin influence—heconstructive

ilies Europe. of Almost financial spiritual the and

it is miraculous that the affairs the of community and the Church at large. only child of a widowed!

convert, mother should be well spirit as in Generous to preserved become a to devoted means, as with savior in the of house her the of advancement the fathers. all his With diblessed with Church,

cares, is manifold he today, inspiration, clear he rect, magnifies his exalted posiby the power of his exin research ample and temthe coming tion. May

ple work, our most imfulness of years bring him pressive teacher. All memSylvester joy! Q. CanGenealogical Society of Bishopric. bers of the for the Presiding non,

Utah unite in assuring him of our

words seventy allotted termination to emulate his exexpress an appreciationJAMin love, our appreciation, and our dewhich to of President Heber J. Grant. The space is

one's of fullness the say sufficient to not our beloved Prophet President, Hefaintest in give to friend, or one's for heart TO J. ber Grant, sincere extend we birthcharacter. I his of estimate an outline day the integrity of of know We I Rather attempt. the not shall make his his birthhis words and congratulations and their hearty works you I to life—bothgreetings. him quality know shining one bear it. solemn witness of preserved has greetings. of the Lord know As day We of the to harmony keynote his namepossess—the devotion to the the great of Lord, for work in blessed your past the both and you sincerity, is word keynote That him. at and home abroad. health so people, service his to honor for him may We virtues, withof glory many the crowning his humility; fearadmire his the your to of for we end be yours him happiness and virtues really no be there would which out lessness. is the He honored inspiration conby Lord days. and and wisdom May all above Grant President glory. no and his fellowmen. Little by lips children adto and tinue your flow love from your that, for and is sincere man; a else things him. are prayers Our success. him. with ministration with wish be crowned We and admire things, other we many among health, him prosperity to and the Joshua, of the many Lord more words Quoting representing Roberts, B. H. him. love as years leader Israel. in General. yourself: fitting The to injunction a as being Seventy. of First Council the of Primary Associations. I thee? Be Board not "Have commanded

are happy today to congratulate strong and of good courage; be not afraid,WEPresident Grant on the approach neither be thou dismayed; for the Lord

of the anniversary of his birthday. We thy God is with thee whithersoever thou

trust that the health he has enjoyed during goest."PRESIDENT GRANT'S birthday octhe years of his presidency will continue, curs on November 22. More than

* one hundred stake presidents and their and that the blessings of the Lord may ever PRESIDENT GRANT has always been attend him. There has never been a time a strict observer of the Word of counselors, a thousand bishops and those

when the strong, vibrant testimony that Wisdom, to which fact he attributes his associated with them, high councils, misthe President bears has been more necesexcellent health. He has also been consionaries in almost every civilized country,

sary to the spiritual welfare of the people scientious, upright, and honorable in all officers of Priesthood quorums and auxiover whom he presides than the present. things, which has given him a peace of liary organizations, and indeed the entire

We are grateful for the example of his life mind conducive to physical and mental membership of the Church would gladly and for his valiant testimony. May he welfare. The Latterday Saints sincerely have added their good wishes to thoseyet live many years, to inspire and guide believe that he is divinely called to lead the expressed herein had space permitted.

Some Uses of Humor By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

President of the Liberty Stake of Zion

ernor the of of quality delightful Hogg Texas opposed wasTHIS RANDWHITLOCK B able a very by rashly lawyer uses who has imagination many relates typical of examples some challenged the a to joint Governor abuses. is to few given and the welldirected of power humor debate. the Governor had The distincsharp attemptingWithout is often used to advantage which

opening speech the concluand at is less and poignanttions it politics. less in of his 2 We submit two sion of his as his argument, agreeoppo- but more wit;brilliant than stories

able. Wit directed against folly Governor Oglesby, of Illinois, nent rose to reply, got up and said,

a word please."The Govmay offend by its severity—on the in opening a campaign began his "Just

other hand humor makes one speech by saying, "Fellowcitizens, ernor was a man of imposing apashamed of his folly without excitthe issue in this campaign is very pearance, while his opponent was

Psychologists resentment. his aing stumpy with a small man head, state the got have

is emotiontell an short legs that us humor and a round body bulgto Democrats want

Its grief. anger, as fear, at ingsuch the middle. Standing beside governthe physhouse—thesimple.turn us outWe run and

ical expression is laughter. Laughment. They think they can run the handsome Governor he preter has a highly therapeutic value. this government, when it is all we sented a droll and absurd appear-

"Galen is said to have prescribed can do."ance. Hogg raised his hand and

comic songs for his patients inIn one of his campaigns Govwith an imperative gesture, as stead of drugs."though the crowd belonged to him,

2Taken from article "What a Man in said in a most patronizing way, friends, "Now, is built very I want my you to H UMOR the same kind and Politicslock, Americanis up Against,"Magazine,byNov.,Brand1927.Whitpay and patientlargely upon incongruities

contrasts. An investiattention to my juggation of a large number shaped friend here that

of funny stories and you have shown to me."

their families shows thaf The crowd looked at they are based upon the short, solemn candicomparatively few subdate with his protuberjects, such as mothersant waist, burst into a inlaw, henpecked husroar of laughter and the bands, fatness, thinness. debate ended.

baldness, stuttering, sea foreigners,sickness, pro-1 hibition I.T is reported and politics.

that Clarence Darrow The sense of humor won a public debate varies with the individfrom Excongressman ual; for illustration Upshaw of Georgia by a

you try the same story single remark. By agreeon three or four friends. ment there were no

They may laugh heartijudges and no official ly over the first, slightly decision. Upshaw told

over the second and none the audience how he had at all over the third. worked his way through

It is a most powerful school and studied hard weapon when used with on the farm. "I was

discretion. Its skillful so determined as a boy,"

use easily outweighs he said, "to be a public logic or lengthy disspeaker that I used to course. There is no arpractice oratory on the

gument so hard to compoor mules while I was bat as a laugh. 'The plowing."Then he

thief, the grafter, the spent the best part of an gun man, fear laughs hour in an attempt to more than they fear the prove his case. When

shackles or the jail."Darrow's turn came he

rose fixing and, his glare 1 Nature of Humor,""The the perspiring upon and Almack, Century C. by John

Magazine, Sept., 1928. panting Upshaw, paid

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 15

firmly, "If you expect us to believe "Dear Madam: Please ixcus

all said, that have you sir, you today. come wont He my Tommy pres- S. HINCKLEY, B,IRYANT

are still talking think youmust to skule because acting to ident as timehe is of Liberty stake and executive a lot of mules."He won the pophead of the Deseret Gymnasium, keeper for his father and it is your

the storyoutstanding of one ular verdict. is fault. if a a ixample gave him U tellers the of His Church. knowis 6 miles around how long ledge of the use confield has of humor

tributed to his great popularity as will it take a man walking 3y2 to other now URNING a 1 speaker. public miles graduating to After times an hour walk 2%sources Latterof humor: Most B. the Y. from taught school he U'., it? around aint a man, Tommy

in later Frisco the and in B. Y. obliged are U. Saint to bishopsday so his to send father. we had They in the S. L. Provo and College D. a to living carryin additionmake early this went father morning and in Salt Lake City. has done He their responsibilities ecthe ofing will field special walk the around at the universities and work of

clesiastical office, and one smiles California and Chicago and the Tommy will time him, but pleas the bishopand forgives who, Eastman National Business College don't boy such ixamples give my in New York. in a religiousannouncing the hymn agin, because husband must go my

gathering, said, "We will now sing to work every day to support his from page three dollars and fifty family."

cents."Bishops in the course of their 1 HE sense of humor is asset to a teacher, most valuable casescalling hear and are a many has philosopher OOME indispensable to the most different to adviseasked on many are more intellisuccess- said that women is ful work, the school and room issubjects. to reported gent intellecthan so but not A man men

it. easy place cultivate to an The advice for appealedhave on the tual; in a will other words, man

is school in fact center the fromfollowing problem: all think over a thing then day and

the choicest of which much is getting wife "Bishop, the my thing, while humor do wrong a womfollowing composiThe greatly comes. extravagantvery and will I am intuitively an right do the

worried. Last week she asked me tion on geese was written by a thing and say the right word at

school boy:for she wanted and then $15.00 the right time, as shown by this

"Geese is a heavyset bird with she wants$10.00 $5.00 story: and now

a tail side a one head on the and on shall I do?"Bishop The modest young had man A very—what is other. feet set far His so back all she does do with beensaid, "What his addresses paying a to

her money?"The man, with some on his running gear that they nearyoung woman. She thought he

hesitation replied, "Well, I don't ly miss his body. Some geese is was not making the advances that

ganders tail. a curl has in and hisknow, I haven't given her any she reasonably expect. might Howset, Ganders just lay don't or theyyet. ever, he took her excursion an on

eat I If and go swimming. had City, to Park and they were when

I a geese to be rather be would a passing the at through tunnel the gander. Geese does give milk, not Linfell summit his somehow Abraham arm give eggs, for but give but me me leaders greatest the of one waist. about hercoln, they When liberty or death."give me con- a lived and everof men that suddenly emerged into broad daysummate politician, was also a light the conductor was standing in

storyof art fine the intechnician front of them. young The man school AclGRAMMAR actually thetelling. Before war greatly was embarrassed and rubin the following comboy handed greatly annoyed by he wasbegan his bing said, nervously, hands

cats: on appeals of position visits repeated andthe "Mary, do this you that know

three of his Southern friends. "Cats that's mean for little boys tunnel cost a million dollars."

Standing at a window in the to maul and tease is called Maultesc "Did it?"she replied, "Well, it is

White House he saw these same cats. Some cats is reckernized by worth it."

three men coming again. He rehow quiet their purrs is and these

marked to a friend, as he viewed is named Purrsian cats. The cats

the approaching visitors, "I feel what has very bad tempers is called hundred stories TWO to competentvery much like a big fellow in a Angorie cats, and cats with deep were submittedreading class in a backwoods feelin's is called Feline cats—but judges, but very few of them qualschool in Illinois. It was the prac- I prefer dogs."ified. However, one of the judges

tice to have the class stand in line A girl in the Primary wrote the ranked a given joke as nearly perand take turns in reading a verse. following composition on monfect "from the psychological point

They were reading from the Bible keys: of view."What is your estimate

the story of the three Hebrew chil- "A monkey is an animal that of it? A traveler in the South

dren. The first time this fellow wears a red cap and has a long tail. passed by a farm where a colored

tried to pronounce Shadrach, Monkeys have four feet; cows also man was plowing with a very largeMeshach and Abednego he strughave four feet, one on each corner. horse and a diminutive mule.

gled, stuttered and floundered The other day me and my sister "Boy,"said the traveler, "isn't the through. As his turn approached were going through a pasture and work pretty hard on that little

the second time, he discovered to one of the cows ran after us and mule?""Nossuh, nossuh, boss,"

his great dismay that these three helped us over the fence—that was answered the darky, "dis work

names were in his verse and said in the other cow's husband."don't hurt him none.""But,"

a loud whimper, "Those same A teacher received the following persisted the traveler, "you don't three d fellers are comin'note from the mother of one of her mean to tell me that this little mule np again."pupils: can do as much work as that big

16 The Improvement Era For November, 1929 horse?""Nossuh, boss, he kaint do in astonishment and said, little looney?"He replied, "I do

as much work, but I done fix dat. "Chuckie, what chuckie was that? not know, but this happened and

You see I's been givin'de mule de Oh I mind, it got better."they heard about it. I was doing

sho't end of de doubletree."Their thrift, which is much to odd jobs for a man in Salt Lake

be commended, is the source of who concluded to sell out and go many a laugh, though a more to California. He said to his agent,

1 HE story marked generous and large—hearted people If there is anything you cannot

highest by the judges was a favorite would be hard to find. They are sell, give it to my Scotch servant.'

of William Jennings Bryan. "A not slow to meet any situation, as And I said to him, 'If there is

man said to one of his friends, 'I shown by the following: anything your Scotch servant does

am drinking too much. I know it The enterprising and patriotic not want can I have it?'And \

but I can't help it.. My friends keep citizens of one of the midwest am here."

asking me to drink, and the first cities had erected a monument to thing I know I get too much.'His Washington and were paying for

had told 'I who friend said, will tell you how MAN to it subscriptions. public One by

foregoing, as the Asuch it. this, prevent After you when solicitors the some stories, the of had on his list

get all the whiskey you want, and name of a wealthy Scotchman at a public function, on returning wife was asked by his how to asks have more, anybody you exhome he whom not unusual—from replied got across. his stories He call call for it, don't for sarsapapected a liberal donation. made He

rilla.''But', the man answered, his call and explained that one purthat judging from the effects, his

'that's just the trouble. When I pose of the monument was to keep listeners must have thought that

get all the whiskey "I want, I can't in memory the great service of the they came across in the Mayflower.

say sarsaparilla.'noble Washington. The Scotch-. 3"One leaves the pages of humor

man listened respectfully and with a firm conviction that the finally replied need that did he not is better. world growing Humor are good some 1 HERE a to remember Washmonument is the gross from growing away a for the stories rounds that go old in his heart. had him the things crude and toward and ington—he they even though time and long the After second appeal he made pleasant. are that wholesome and in edged are never old are they reply. the solicitor, bafsame The It virtues of more makes the story of I reminded black. am fled irritated, said, and "Washingis less of and human humanfrailties—it is banquets, at and told most that lifetime in ton his in was many kindly, sympathetic, more more it its antiquity notwithstanding if tight places, but you have him sees truthful. humorist more The garrulous smile. a still provokes A in let heart your say to you me clearthings with uncompromising talked at on a had banquet speaker it is tightest the place ever he was ness tolerance judges and with and guests not could the until on and in."temper. large the part of good A irritatheir yawns. suppress The

is best directed against humor gavel, his raised toastmaster ted ineffinarrowness, bigotry and order. for people canrap to intending He MANYI It ciency. builds reforms, promotes in place the it of in followand brought down character polithelps to solve and isn't there struck table anything: he the hitting a man

ical social is a It problems."and noting—perhapsseeinmatesanything stooped of a mental to Two hospital him, had next to who

pick up his napkin, right on top were comparing notes. One of most powerful weapon for good

of his bald pate and knocked him them said to the other, -"How did when used with discretion.

they come in administered to get you unconscious. They Nature of C. 3"The Humor,"by John here—how they discover that restoratives he began to did you Sept., were a Almack, Century and Magazine, when 1928.

revive they asked him how he felt.

He said, "I hear him still talking, hit me again."

Idealeais the GerEnglish, 1 HE material -L HIS matches in sample all color right. T and seems my Don't you all Irish, furnish the a good man,

said a think so,"lady to the clerk in a small store. drygoods the examined He just rich of but supply now humor

carefully sample and answered: "I sorry, this isn't am madam, as good as your Scotchman canny the thrifty and

leads all others in this respect. His sample. The weave is coarser and the quality is not so good. We are out of

thrift is everywhere manifest. You that grade."

have no doubt read of the ScotchThe woman left, and the proprietor, who had heard the conversation, reman who wanted to be married in marked, "Young man, why didn't you tell the woman the material was what his back yard so the chickens could she wanted? You could have stretched the truth a little to make a sale. She

eat the rice. would never have known the difference."

A Scotch minister told one about "Well, I wouldn't care to tell a falsehood to make a sale,"the young man

Jock who met Sandy on the street replied.

and casually remarked that he was "Go to the desk and get your wages,"said the proprietor. "You can't be a

going to send over a hen for his clerk of mine."

time long dinner. friend's A Field young was Marshall The man later founded probably the largest who not forthwas the hen elapsed and

best store in conducted and department the world. said, friend the Finally coming. "See here, Jock, what about that—From Bulletin on Law Enforcement by Dean Milton Bennion.

cfiuckie?"Jock looked at Sandv

Tribute to Our PioneerA By AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANTMartyrs

on the prairies of Newhose sympathies were called forth burial, Dr. Ellis R. Shipp, a ladyOUTbraska,, many years ago, by seeing the only monument now 83 years of age, who for

was buried a wife and placed where the spot could be many years was a practicing physiidentified, cian and at the grave of Rebecca medical instructor in Saltmother trekked had who her way City: Burdick Winters: Lakethat far, and then had given her

life in the poignant struggle of that long and toilsome journey. A "Hersmoundis the shapen and turfgrown ters"Theis mydeathmostandvividburialmemoryof Rebeccaof PioneerWingrave hastily dug, with only half a And the name carved on the stone today, days, when I crossed the plains, in the yearwagontire as a headstone, marked But the thought—'tis all for the grave 1852, with my father walking and driving

oxen; knitting in the mother front mythe resting she lay place where on The othersunfoundwho died upon the way."theend of the covered wagon.the bleak plains until the years grandfather, William "My John Hawbrought the surveyed line of the HTHE story of this grave is most ley, was the captain of the company; my

iron horse across the very spot remarkable, and numerous picgrandmother, Ellis Smith Hawley, was the ready, ever efficient willing, all in nurse thiswhereon made. grave was inspired, taken, have been The tures and emergencies. call In to answer every herwagontire intact, remained after with written column column by slight, fragile slip deftly form would

its inscription, crude the inteland strangers friends and flapping the under in from cover alike who wagon ligent and sympathetic officials have thus expressed their sympathy every hour of day or night, and when her oldtime neighbor, Rebecca Winters, was led the surveyingwho party made and interest in the tragedies of our stricken cholera, she with her constant wasa respectful detour around the Pioneers. attendant. the usual speedy Through

burial place. Later a monument The Oregon trail and our Piocourse of this virulent malady she never

was placed there. neer trail are identical along most left her post. In the lonely wilderness,

the dreary nighttime, lighted only tragedies by of the plains have The the of the river in Missouri way from the campfire a taper, tallow and shebeen individual but many, rememthe to Mountains, Rocky and some in faith. fervent worked and prayed And are allbrances few. too In most the writers of distinguishnot it have she silent clothed the was wasted who

cases not a trace has been left for ed between the two. We insert on form for its final rest.

the the captain meantime "Inidentification. summoned one spot has But the next the page remainder of the

forces, his the and with sanction the ofbeen miraculously almost preby McQueen. poem Anne M. located family mourning burial the spot

served, this that seem and it might set his sons and to digging the impacted one has received undue recognition DERHAPS the best way to presoil. When was it ever turned before?

and attention. However, it is not sent at this time the story of "In those days I was never far from my

at grandfather, this and time very I was grave the plains,so the to give on attenhas which and honor much the to him, and grave. opening now times, it is told so particular to this casetion been as would many unsophisticated sensitive soul be closeTo my

to hold in remembrance those who to quote some of the various apwas a momentous event. I listened to hisit

went through the same experiences preciative things that have been words as he dictated to his workmen, still that ring in words ears through my in different all traces publiofbut been have said by authors whom these years—'Dig it deeper, 78 boys. cations.lost. is thus expressed thought is from The following The will grave one have that no wild the Weall

by Anne McQueen, a traveler pen of one who was present at the mal can harm. Deeper, yes deeper, deeper,aniboys.'

"I was feeling sorry for my loved uncle because they were working so hard; but

WINTERS GRANT, the second daughter of Oscar and Mary when I looked up to my sire's noble face, A.UGUSTAAnn Stearns Winters, was born July 7, 185 6, at Pleasant Grove, Utah. In 1884 I caught the inspiration of his thought;

still live words in my President the J. Grant, she married Apostle of Heber of a his Church. now One soul—living

all these through words eventful many early of hardships that in the family, shared Pioneer through Augusta day, and the necessity of learning to do various kinds of work, was trained to habits years, and which will still echo through of physical and intellectual activity. She was one of the first graduates of the the ages of futurity.

State University, taking hef degree in 1877, and is also a life member of the "After the grave was rounded over,

Alumni Association of the B. Y. U'., a school to which she has always been loyal. my own dear father, William Reynolds,

never was who idle, came with two wagon capacity, she has years fourteen old Since Church worked in some she was tires he had found by the wayside as he the years serving of as a General I. A,, member Board of Y. L. M. for many

which position she still holds. walked over the rugged roads. He had

picked the with them up remark: 'They is, gifted as the cultured impresses quality she Traveled, which and most

will be of us some to use journey.'on our, is gentle part, the in her personality of developed womanliness perhaps from

well tires these remember being tied to like idea, rule the to to early will determination "I for her an make I I do what the outside I our of listened wagon; had I I to will have."do, cannot anything not have and want

for their to days rattle many jangle as and resolved to thirty years least ago, the at Mrs. into Grant go Temple Some the oxen along, plodded the and heavy this resolution the for each \dead. she week, has adhered once do work and To wheels large surmounted rocks in sank and it in possible, decades, three those only for for was whenever and any way whom, deep gulches of that trail. old uneven

it. the this appreciate service can magnitude she has of given of love With

the Gospel strong in her heart, she has spent her life proving her loyalty and "While loving hearts and busy hands were managing other necessary details, my to the devotion brave and faithful Pioneer ancestors whose descendant she has father, wise vision with given to but few, to be. the honor

into the dug iron as others had dug the hard baked soil. All through the night

18 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

On the OreAon Trail By Anne M. McQueen

on the desert, barren and wide, Long she lay by the Oregon Trail, OUTWatered alone by immigrant tears, With the sagebrush growing above her head, Upon the Oregon trail she died—And coyotes barked in the moonlight pale,

Rebecca Winters, aged fifty years. And wagontrains moved on by the dead;

Seeking the land of the storied west—Till, bearing compass and line and chain,

Opulent land of gold and fame, Men came, marking a way to the West,

Leaving her hearthstone warm, with the rest Daring the desert's drouth and its pain,

Trekking far from the east she came. A dauntless heart in each dauntless breast.

Maybe the heart in her bosom died And stumbling into a sagebrush bed,

For grief of some little grave back home, The lineman read, through a mist of tears, Leaving alt for the man at her side—On the wagontire that marked her head:

For women must follow where men would roam. "Rebecca Winters, aged fifty years."

'Twas famine, or fever, or wan despair "Boys,"said the leader, "we'll turn aside,

That hushed the cry of her silent breast; Here, close by the trail, her grave shall stay. Close by the trail where the wagons fare, For she came first—in this desert wide

Rebecca Winters was laid at rest. Rebecca Winters holds, right of way!"

Somebody—husband, or son or sire, Today the train glides fast to the West,

Roughly wrought, seeing not for tears, Rounding the curve where the grave appears, This for her grave, on a sunken tire: A white shaft marking her place of rest—

"Rebecca Winters, aged fifty years."Rebecca Winters, dead fifty years.

he toiled on; and with his cold chisel he "It is not hard to visualize the scene marked the lowering of the body into

left for future ages the emblem of his of 70 years ago, when the long train of its grave; the earth was placed again and

the the Moroni, set followers of Angel place. iron arch firmly into name bearded lovinggenius and forethought—the

their wives, were the hardy 'women who the hardwrought Winters'then the'Rebecca caravan upon on. "And moved

iron of the wagontire, which he placed the children who took part in the jour- "A hundred years from the time of her over the grave. It was adjusted securely ney, the oxen which hauled the wagons birth were to pass before the name of

the guards effort and pilgrims the who of this comwas crowningand when stirred Rebecca Winters again human for halted Indians, hostile tones, for in prophetic watched he exclaimedpleted thought, then and her descendants placed Winters. of this wife funeral the of Hiram the identifying of the will be means'This the later headstone. spirit her brave But * * service * religious simple come.'to years ingrave A

is needed It in no monument. the found

success of all those who have the courage to dare. It is found, one might say, in

lies—athe spiritvalleyof thethatvalleyhas whereinbecome theher homebody

of a people who have reclaimed the soil from arid nothingness to a fertile land, giving life to thousands."

T N the Omaha WorldHerald, of A March 5, 1922, the story is told as follows:

Plains'Grave is Remembered after Century Passes

"The grave of Rebecca Burdick Winters, who died a martyr to that faith which led the Mormons across this state on their pilgrimage to the new promised land, is a spot of poignant interest. It is a monument to the spirit of the early pioneers

who broke every tie with the past and their old homes to set forth across the

Great American Desert in search of a new country where they, even as the Israelites of old, could worship their God as they pleased. "And still more surely it is tribute, not only to Rebecca Winters, but to all the women of her time who endured so much in the drama of the winning of the

West. * * *

"This shrine of the great plains'pilgrims is beside the Burlington railroad

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 19

track that in the surveying was made to And they could see the mountains swerve imperceptibly for miles in order where that the little plot of ground should not Night drew her curtain blue;

be violated. To the south is the shallow Beyond which lay the land they

north branch of the Platte, whose broad sought—

and winding valley pointed the way of The land where dreams come true.

the Latterday Saints to the West, and still farther is Scott's Bluff, Nebraska's highest 'T'HE culminating honors were peak, a massive, beautiful mountain, domi- * given to this departed Piovalleynating the for miles and around neer discovered by when it was * * * grave. the overkeeping watch

of the S }*d So Yr* ** American the Daughters

Revolution that Rebecca Burdick. i < mS, ">-'

'T'HE following, by an unknown Winters was a Real daughter of * author, expresses very aptly the Revolution, her father, Gidthe thought for all our western eon Burdick, having served as soldier under RevolutionaryPioneers: a..<:. S 3 j"J",

It was 'Jus fe"i. Washington. George

Dreamers they were, those Pioneers, then decided that the customary Her *- u '%|*i ifitfij

Of the fifties, three and four; D. A. R. marker should be erectWho braved the unknown of the plains ed at her grave with suitable

In search of an untried shore. ceremonies. The following is

an extract taken from a letter

Brave of soul were the womenfolk, written by M. D. Kastrup,

And the bearded men were strong, Com. Agt. C. B. and Q., ScottscountedThey not that the trail was rough. bluff, to R. F. Neslen, Salt Lake Nor cared that long. was the way

Week after week, month "The D. A. R. are

after month going to dedicate the

Mother"of Steadily sure, grave Winters The Monument are -they very desirous slow,

Grants of havingThey pressed on all have them. with theWe they reached is that to close highly lying honored she

respect great for Mothstream will replied. be "I Neslen Mr.

er in Winters'grave Where the very to the so that take glad waters matter up this feel territory, and all westward flow. care will of."go be taken who

Unveiling of Tablet to Mother Winters. Inserts Augusta Winters Grant.

20 The Improvement Era For November', 1929

its line a line construct 'let this', of railroad said from can not Mr. Hedge, 'We do Presisent to wasA 1 LETTER at Alliance, to the Nebraska, southward transit us go to the report back and man Mrs. dent Heber J. Grant by Plattef* Valley River then if that this railroad, center the westward and of con-

G. E. Mark, historian, from which in the Platte River Valley to Wyoming. structed where now located, would desethe following is taken: An engineering locating party was organcrate the grave of a pioneer mother'.

ized and sent into the field in the dead line far changed and was thrown "The this railroad. It locate to of winter was R. the chapter of A. D. Katahdin "The so as to this disturb enough not away difficult a task bitter to fight the cold and the grave it to privilege have rare adeem resting tire place. again wagon was The storms, as but spring they on came were to Revolution the of Real Daughter aof set its in place a report proper up and able to progress. F. make Mr. T. Darevery of take advantage for,care and we to the General Superintendent, made who Assistant row, Engineer, Chief with now the the of attention toopportunity course at of realized that this once must headquarters at in Lincoln, charge was

feel it. to that honor topeople directWe been a have the of party member 'Mormon'

the memory of such a brave Christian who had left Nauvoo, Illinois, early in woman inspires both Christian and pa1846. This General Superintendent wrote

triotic sentiments. The marker we are a letter to our General Agent, Mr. R. F.

erecting is furnished by the National AsNeslen, at Salt Lake City, informing him sociation. It is a simple little memorial, The Lonely Grave of this discovery, and Mr. Neslen reported

of granite block of a small composed tablet bronze with a regulationsized boltBy Howard R. Driggs torelationshiphis Church.betweenThe theresultpioneerwas thatmother,the

words, following the to it, with ed Rebecca Winters, Mrs. and Grant was

Soldier, a Revolutionary of Daughter established time. at thatA a lonely grave by a THERE'S the is small, but it. marker cast in The

trail, long, long it "It is universally taken that with respect for granted go that spirit, honor and are great. Where a tired mother sleeps. the reason for the discovery of this grave

sigh, grasses The being delayed long, so shortly was that "We are planning the following proby, pass the winds As at after the this burial is point, which on gram: keep. vigil their stars the side of Platte the north And the River, the

"Short addresses by a railroad representrail was changed to and continued to tative, our congressman, President Grant, The grave was made years, years run on the south side of the river, and state Regent, local officers, Dr. Grace R. ago, therefore rhis burial spot was lost for

Hbard, Professor of history in theUni- When the pioneers went west. many years.

day of the mournful One member and of Wyoming "Shortly after railroad; versity our conwas of singing that weary way the Society; Historical State On a built fence this around we at unveiling. laid the taps, and was Another hymns, 'Mormon'a little rest. structed,spot, later relatives erected the and

a to tc have the is of monument Rebecca planning memory Burlington "The tire borne that had a wagon On is the Winters, party base of of which your temple car bring to you and private a far, her It granite. special a the pleasure har been of the will furnish grave, and the to mother's the name; cut They railroad, E. Scottsbluff sec- F. Desplain, th/ough Mr. of people the to train convey the mound, marked And tion district, this to see foreman of that free. grave, to the sobbing sound—with Then this plot of has been ground properly

existrelations friendly pain. filled the further hearts with on, "To Went for. cared that he do has put To down Lincoln at the banquet a are having ing we it, a well adjoining each and his day on the unpreceding evening the lonely mound. the grasses Hotel on hid The trip in, this is or out well water used from

will family trail, your and at veiling, the o'er which you stars kept watch The to refresh grass flowers. the and This

guests."years, honored long, be long the Through a love. has this labor so become of And

pioneers Till new legacy, story, her has a sacred become missionaries and all (The "Mormon"the to lay Came fa'.iiiron rail. heritage, not her only to immediate in the vicinity of the Church members

were invited guests also.) The grave was found by these ily,this butgreat tocorporation."the officers and employes of

of right their way; It in stood to Congressman A TELEGRAM care, tender with Yet Salt Lake E. O. Leatherwood, rugged men there, it left other speakers They was A MONG Simmons, G. Robert City, from that it might jr grade, the * Changed hon- A. Hinman, Mrs. York

M. C.j Nebraska, said: "Am speakstay. orary state Regent for Nebraska,

ing Sunday at service over grave This lonely grave by the long, long who said in part:

of Rebecca Winters, 'Mormon'imtrail migrant, under auspices D. A. R. Now does its sacred part "I am glad to bring greetings to our

Will you have material data about To keep through the years honored guests, to the friends, and to the pioneers, brave the of Katahdin Chapter. members Our her rushed on to me here."the mother heart. of our love And

it is very gatherone of these "To me today—somelest X/TR. E. M. Westervelt, of the thingings suchfor asthewechildrenhave hereto remember

in his Railroad, forget the hardships, they the sacrifices, * Burlington a toas them, and among of this party, toils of these pioneer women. ceremonies, at the unveiling speech the the for Hedge, Verne pographer, was Mr.

Linof the City of years last said: Mayor two the in have of Washington tomb "We

a in topographer a duties of coln. The is the Soldier, a that mecca and Unknown

legal the establish to are party locating all all where people of lands to go pay highly I been have that consider "I the subdivisions of different the of corners respects their their to the sollove and join with to permitted being in honored is railroad being the which through land diers this so gave for land; much and who ceremony dedicatorial this in today you these to tie line center the located, and I this here that grave will a hoping be am it is a grave, and this at the marker by this carrying out corners. In different all to mecca for the generations come, to bring able been to have pleasure great sage the in kicking Hedge, duty, Mr. re their they where come and pay may grandthe ceremony, this to with me for set a stake to place a for aside brush spects, their reverence, these to pioneer her and Winters, Rebecca of daughter tire. line, a discovered wagon the center tried cross to the prairies women and who 'Mormon'of the President the husband, said, is 'and be strange,'must he 'This because accident sickness of perhaps and J. Grant. Heber Mrs. and Mr. Church, the relic wagon on of brokendown a some death they and lay the wayside. by down this to together trip third is our This it there picked Trail.'and up Oregon He is the grave of This one Rewe know, to that I say truly know can and spot, a crude in manner, chiseled discovered, I becca it believe Winters, that but will is them. love to people these years'Winters, 'Rebecca 50 Age They all stand the for the graves of Unknown

"In the very early part of 1899 the were about to set the stake for the center Mothers that lie under the grasses of our

Burlington Railroad Company decided to line just at the point above this grave. prairies all over this western land."

The Improvement Era For November 1929 21 "THEN spoke Dr. Grace R. Hebters have done in erecting this tablet to a arms ready and nerved for the service. From this roof four, from a ard, who said ringReal finaleDaughterto whatof thehasRevolutiongone before.is a Wefit-

"As our grateful nation has placed sincerely thank them and all of you who neighboring roof two, to make up mausoleums over the graves of unknown have done so much to make this occasion that score of heroes. How resosoldiers, not to add glory to the departed, one ever to live in our memories. Rebecca lutely each looked into the face

true a loyal daughter, Winters was of Burdick to a be to whichbut mecca members Virginia, of loyally each how faithful to to death her unto her country,a nation thankful thoughtful and may at post, his forlorn meeting stood religion. 'lest forget', a so pilgrimage wemake we

till cheerfully, that death master first this picture contrast the of this "We over unveil nobletoday monument the sent place to wagontire voice said, "It All is enough."pioneer of athe grave mother who made

the standing alone waving withus—justthe winds assisting in sacrificethe while supreme children these weeping and widow,

this prairie grass beautiabout ever toline thepushing of civilization it—with so lifted consecrated up and by literally spot, in flowers ful every buried of the setting sun. In the of nameward the singlehearted to his devotion that friends the of has long, hue kindness our Revolution, for ofDaughters the American

them, and in humility and thankfulness, provided, and we will carry this picture great purpose that we dare, even at before this assembly, I thank you, Reaway with us, to be treasured in our minds this moment, to remind them of in forever."our hearts thebecca for and and courage Winters, Burdi;k blessed are the privthey in how

this to into possessedfaith journey you, by ilege of last the in that thinking sacrificewilderness. the uncomFor you of a gift acknowledgment ["N these hearts, throbs of brave young generationsplainingly for oncoming made President presented Grant, by lie of generation, we, endeavor another buried which themay of on banks

the of the idea sharing withto mission. emulate we you in your May finanthe Shenandoah, thoughts of them

the undertaking, the spirit of rare to of cial posteritytransmit burden love mingled with and to God Pioneer faith, a as did you,courage and letter sent: the was following slave. for the hope the Trail."onmother Oregon

"To President and Mrs. Heber J. Grant, He has abolished slavery in Virginia. You may say this is tooV/TRS. Delia I. Booth, oldest "My"Atdearthe Mr.JuneandmeetingMrs. Grant:of the Katahdin

daughter of the oldest son of Chapter of the D. A. R. your generous much. Our neighbors are the last

Rebecca B. Winters, then unveiled gift was presented by Mrs. G. E. Mark men we know. The hours that

the marker, with the following and I was requested to tender you an expass us are the ones that we appreappreciation. pression of our The folciate least. Boston walked Menwords: adopted: resolution was lowing

fell streets on Bunker's when night gift Mrs. of President and the "That "We wish to express to you people the

thanks and appreciation of the family for Grant be made a permanent endowment Hill, and pitied Warren, saying, the very cordial and friendly reception you fund, the interest to be used each year "Foolish man! Threw away his

the Rebecca grave of for flowers for for grateful us. are very givenhave We life! didn't he measure his Why of the mother Winters, Burdick in these known of participatingthe opportunity better?"means all to as the unas well the trail, honor ancestor. Not of in ourceremonies honor

only we, as descendants of this worthy known mothers that lie under the grasses Now we see him standing colosrepresentative of our pioneers, but all our of prairies of this western country. sal on that bloodstained sod, and

to present pleasure great "It gave recognithis feel me will honored bypeople the tie which that day I severing final report this and resolution with their mytion number. of of one Britain. to Great bound Boston to the it is a fitting end feel climax that grave this first that day the very "From

was discovered, the railroad people have of my regency. That night George III ceased to

taken such a friendly interest in everything "It was a great pleasure to each memrule in New England. History will

pertaining to it, doing what would be ber of our chapter to entertain you and date Virginia Emancipation from family and we of your members that done, to us to havepleasing we can other Harper's Ferry. True, the slave for the very each of you thank much gratitude. our to expresshardly find words

The great care that has been taken of this contributions made to our programs, and is still there. So, when the temspot, the flowers that have been planted, we trust that in years to come we may pest uproots a pine on your hills,

are all deeply meet again. given, been hasthe labor that year it for green looks months—a "Sincerely your friend,appreciated. it is a Still timber, not or two. "Margaret M. Morrow."the living that this daughnow, "And

tree. has loosened John Brown

the roots of the slavery system; it

live only breathes—it does not

The Burial of John Brown hereafter.

<By WENDELL PHILLIPS HTO be strong and true; to be

generous in praise and apfeeble words seem here! think, what an iron heart, what preciation of others; to imputeHOW his worthy motives even to enemies; How can I hope to utter what devoted faith! We take up

your hearts are full of? I fear letters, beginning, "My dear wife to give without expectation of repractice humility, tolerto disturb the harmony which and children, every one,"—see him turn; to

his life breathes round his home. stoop on the way to the scaffold ance and selfrestraint; to makeOne and another of you, his neighand kiss that negro child—-and this the best use of time and opporbors, say, "I have known him five iron heart seems all tenderness. tunity; to keep the mind pure and

years,""I have known him ten Marvelous old man! We hardly the judgment charitable; to exyears."It seems to me as if we said it when the loved forms of his tend intelligent sympathy to those

had none of us known him. How sons, in the bloom of young devoin distress; to cultivate quietness

our admiring, loving wonder has tion, encircle him, and we rememand nonresistance; to seek truth

grown, day by day, as he has unber he is not alone, only the maand righteousness; to work, love,

folded trait after trait of earnest, jestic center of a group. Your pray and serve daily, to aspire

brave, tender, Christian life! We neighbor farmer went, surrounded greatly, labor cheerfully, and take

is to travel see him walking with radiant, by his household, to tell the slaves God at His word—this

serene face to the scaffold, and there will still be hearts and right heavenward. Grenville Kleiser.

- < vl -.'- i-'.

mSENrURJRm)$MOOT rJ22Sl Chairman ofthe Committee on Ftmtncu

GEORGE WASHINGTON, that man of splendid vision, foresaw the future of the nation's capital, which was named in his honor. In a public

document, issued May 16, 1789, where now a magnificent city Congress met in different places he gives expression to his feelings stands, and many opposed the locaduring the intervening years, and in in the following words: tion of our capital at this point. 1783 under unusual circumstances

"A century hence, if this counThe congressional debates on the removed to Princeton, New Jersey, try keeps united (and it is surely subject were spirited, long drawn where the University buildings its policy and interest to do so) it out and in some cases highly amuswere placed at the disposal of this will produce,a city, though not so ing. Many of those participating body. The occasion of this relarge as London, yet of magnitude in the discussions thought, if their moval was the appearance of some

inferior to few others in Europe, utterances revealed their true feelmutinous soldiers of the Revoluon the banks of the Potomac, ings, that the place under considertion outside the State House at where one is now establishing for ation was far beyond the borders of Philadelphia, where the Congress the permanent seat of the Governcivilization, surrounded by dangerwas then sitting. This lawmak-

ment of the United States, between ous Indian tribes. ing body found itself without any

Alexandria and Georgetown, on provision for protection by the city the Maryland side of the river; the rT T HE first Continental Congress militia or other agencies.

situation is not excelled for com- *- convened in Carpenter's Hall manding prospect, good water, in Philadelphia, September 5, 1 774. T"7 HIS incident is generally creditsalubrious air and safe harbor by The purpose of the meeting was to * ed with giving impetus to an

any in the world, and where splenunite the Colonies and resolve upon effort to acquire a permanent place did buildings are erecting for the common demands that England of meeting with proper convenireception of Congress in the year should change certain intolerable ences and safeguards. On October

1800."conditions. It is not the purpose 7, 1883, Mr. Gerry of MassachuAt the time this was written, of this article to trace the various setts brought in a motion "that

there was nothing but its natural historical events which led to a buildings for the use of Congress resources to recommend the spot break with the mother country. be erected on the banks of the DelThe Improvement Era For November, 1929 23

aware near Trenton or the Potobers favored a site near the lower mac near Georgetown, provided a falls of the Potomac River."As OENATOR REED SMOOT, now

suitable place can be procured on a palliative to the northern and a world figure, has attained his one of the rivers aforesaid, for a eastern members, who were anxpresent position by hard work, natural course with combined site,Federal the right for the of ious and that Delaware the same town writer eastern ability. A ofprominentsoil shall in established the bill that the be vested United permanent that some suggested jocularly has

States."This motion in its (Origcapital where it now stands fixed future dictionary will say that "to

inal form failed to pass, and was the temporary and immediate smoot"means to delve into the the subject of many acrid speeches. capital at Philadelphia where it subject at hand with untiring padetail been until has every tience to years, ten for or remain was

Salt in Lake mastered. born was He

first the of until December, day parents his with removed City but first initialH"'session of the HE

It that the city then 1800. was boy. small but * to a when Provo States Congress of the United

other students twentyeight be With built was named after our in records tomet York. The New the entered Young he Brigham first president.tell us that "there a spirited ensued in its,(nou) University) Academy

debate on the final choice of a site opening year and was duly gradufor the permanent capital. NorthAN act of Congress, approved ated from that institution. On April

ern and eastern members favored a July 16, 1790, accepted from 8, 1900, he was made a member spot near the lower falls of the DelMaryland and Virginia tracts of of the Council of the Twelve, and aware River, while southern memland on which to locate the perStateshas representedSenate sinceUtah1903.in the United

manent seat of Government, and provided further that the commissioners appointed by the president to survey the land, should, under his direction and prior to the first

Monday in December, 1800, arrange for suitable buildings for the accommodation of congress and of the president and for the public offices of the Government of the

United States.

In 1791 the site of the White House, or "President's House"as it was originally called, was selected by George Washington and

Major Charles L'Enfant. What

appears to us now to be a ridiculously small prize, $500, was offered for the best design for the

President's House. In 1792 the

plans of James Hoban were accepted, and on the thirteenth of

October of that year the cornerstone was laid by George Washington.

In 1800, the President's House was occupied by John Adams, although it was not quite completed.

In the war of 1814 with Great Britain, Washington was captured by her soldiers and the President's

House was burned, the flames destroying the interior and damaging the masonry. In order to

cover the marks of the fire on the outside walls, the structure was painted white and from that time became known as the White House.

In 1848, gas was installed and five years later a heating and ventilation system. In 1902, extensive

alterations were made to provide adequately for the large number of people attending receptions and state dinners and to give the pres24 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

ident and his family the privacy of solemn temple without looking up the senators and representatives al- a home. to the Supreme Ruler of the Unitogether too extravagant, and

AT the present time, according to verse"Mayand thisimploringterritoryHisbeblessing.the resiprovedwould thehavedeathbeenknellwhollyof theinadeplan,

issued a statement by William of dence virtue happiness! and for the purpose. In quate A twenty-P. i Richards, assessor tax of the this city piety that and virtue, may in million appropriation 1908 is

District of Columbia in 1927, the that wisdom and magnanimity, fairly comparable with two hunWhite House and its grounds are that constancy and selfgovern- dred millions today, the amount worth $22,000,000. ment which adorned the great that will be required to complete

Other buildings followed immethe present tridiately after the commencement of angle building the White House. The majestic program.

Capitol, covering as it does about This plan of four acres of ground at the suman improvemit of Capitol Hill, is one of the ment, howfamous buildings of the age, not ever, was not alone because of its history and iminspired solely portance in the world's affairs, but by a desire to for its beauty as well. The origmake Washinal building, the cornerstone of ington somewhich was laid by Washington, thing outwas also burned by the British in standingly

1814, and the present structure beautiful. The

dates from need of a num1818, though ber of new not until 1863 buildings was was the Cap- a most urgent itol with its one. Life and

wings comhealth were pleted. jeopardized in

flimsy, poorly T N his fourth lighted and -* annual adpoorly ventilated firetrap strucdress, delivered tures, many of which contained

November 22, important and valuable records. 1

1800, PresiEvery year the situation became dent John Admore intolerable. Government ofams said: ficials were widely scattered, often

"Immediateseveral miles apart. In its own

ly after the adcapital the Government was merely journment of a tenant, not infrequently subject

Congress at to the whims of captious landlords.

their last sesFurthermore, the necessity of prosion, in Philviding for inevitable expansion of adelphia I gave administrative activities became Views of the White House and Groundsdirections, in more and more apparent.

compliance with the laws, for the character whose name it bears be offices, recof the publicremoval forever of the held in veneration! major Here items of beneONE

direcproperty. fit to realized These beords, and throughout and our country under prothe may

tions have been executed, and the simple manners, pure morals, and gram will be the elimination of the public officers have since resided true religion flourish forever!"Government's rent bill which inand conducted the ordinary busicreased from $814,217.12 in 1924

ness of the Government in this T} OR a quarter of a century I have to $929,528.46 in 1926.

place. dreamed of the day when The present building program

"I congratulate the people of the Washington should be the most is most interesting from a historical

United States on the assembling beautiful city of the world. It has point of view. We learn from the

of Congress at the permanent seat the possibilities, as was foreseen records that Major Charles L'Enof their Government, and I con by our first president. The realfant was appointed by George

gratulate you, gentlemen, on the ization of this desire and faith is Washington in the year 1792 to prospect of a residence survey to not the property the ceded to it be near at hand. I consider Now

ischanged. there cause Although Government by Maryland and efforts fortunate I that the which

to apprehend that accommodations Virginia and to suggest plans for made, were and supported whichare the as so It is a city. complete building of a not now mat- "a of a num is m? colleaSuesbe there wished, yet great ter of surprise nearly reason the preshow might ber ago, to offewyears this commence this believeto that ent inconvenience building to conforms program

will cease with the present session. program of beautification were at the suggestions of this expert of

"It would be unbecoming the that time unsuccessful, for the nearly a century and a half ago.

representatives of this nation to asamount we endeavored to secure Major L'Enfant had firsthand semble for the first time in this then, though it seemed to many of knowledge of the important cities

The Improvement Era For November', 1929 25 of most of the countries of the Department of Justice, Department 'T is not too much to expect world and he, under the direction of Labor, Internal Revenues and * that every loyal American who of George Washington, is entitled other bureaus of the Treasury, a visits Washington will feel a sense to great credit for what has since building for certain independent of delight with its beauty, its imbeen accomplished. offices and bureaus, warehouses for posing dignity and the practical

this the general supplies its the utility buildings. of of country When

tried foresaw toHT and men HESE is agencies, other and purchasing completed Washington and program * avoid the very thing that has sense, the be Building. will, in Archives a worthy every Act Thesince threatened to disfigure the great entire provides that this the Nation. for building Capital

city, the interests commercial shall the general be program under i i i in their eagernesswhich, to prosupervision of the Public Building theirmote sometimes own plans, is Commission. authority This

selfish,narrowly fail to grasp the The Gospel of given because of that, for the fact itentire as vision seen was by five years, this nearly Commission Gratitude associates. his andWashington has the control of allotments had

Hills ravines lent and which themof the great joys of life in of space the Federal buildings 'T7 HREE selves effects to landscape admirably * three, greatest the perhaps and city the necessarily of has and leveled.were Magnificent groves the healthful, are being the of joy acquired intimate an knowledge

of trees variwere destroyed. At of the joy helpful being of and joy of the conditions the needs of and

timesous to plans were avoid made the these grateful, of being and the various dedepartments. Each

this everincreasing menace, not but is highest. the grateful of being joy be, will as as pospartment much

recentuntil years there a conwas fruitage of apis the Gratitude sible, locality. centered in one This

effectivesistent and followup is the appreciation preciation it and will also possible procedure make program. to plan the entire program with a apex of intelligence.

is noTsJOW Congress has authorized view to the best interests of the The gospel of gratitude 1>J $75,000,000 for public buildGovernment service as a whole, so minor part of the Gospel of Him ings in the District of Columbia. that one department or agency will whose earthlife was an ideal exOf this amount $50,000,000 is to not be unduly favored to the detriample of being grateful. However

be used for construction of buildment of another. healthful, however helpful He was,

ings and $25,000,000 for the He could and did joyfully look up acquisition of land on which these T N his annual message to Congress and say, "Father, I thank Thee."buildings are to be erected. Most A in 1926, Calvin Coolidge had—Geo. H. Brimhall.

of this latter sum will be spent in the following to say: "We are i 1 i

acquiring land in the socalled Triembarking on an ambitious buildfor ing program the city of Washangle Area, extending along Pennis The Youngest Old ington. Bridge Memorial Thesylvania Fifteenth from Avenue

Street to the Capitol and bounded under way with all that it holds Man on the south side by the Maill. for use and beauty. New buildinThe former sum of $50,000,000 ings are soon contemplated. The AT a stake conference held

will include a site which has alprogram should represent the best Provo, a number of years ago, ready been purchased for the that exists in the art and science of a notice was given of preparations

Supreme Court Building, facing architecture. Into these structures for a Mutual Improvement Associthe Capitol and extending along which must be considered as of a ation stake excursion. President

East Capitol Street, covering an permanent nature, ought to go the Wilford Woodruff followed the area approximating that of the aspirations of the nation, its ideals announcement with these words,

Congressional Library on the south expressed in forms of beauty. If as I remember them: "Now I want

side of the street. A commission, our country wishes to compete you young people to enjoy yourof which the Chief Justice is Chairwith other countries, let it not be selves, I believe in excursions, yes,

man, is now securing a design for in the support of armaments but go and be happy in righteousness.

the structure. in the making of a beautiful cap- I am soon going on an excursion

For many years the public ital city. Let it express the soul more joyful than any that can be

buildings and grounds, together of America. Whenever an Amertaken on the earth. I am going to

with the avenues leading thereto, ican is at the seat of his Governmeet Joseph and others of my have been the chief attraction in ment, however traveled and culfriends who have gone before me the national capital, but with the tured he may be, he ought to find and we shall clasp hands and recompletion of the present program a city of magnificent proportions, joice together."

this will be true even to a far symmetrically laid out and adorned I was struck by the strength of greater extent than heretofore. The with the best there is in architecthis voice and the vigor of his bearMall between the Capitol and the ure, which would arouse his ing, both of which were in conWhite House and the Treasury imagination and stir his patriotic trast with his grey hair, but what

building will not be excelled by pride. In the coming years Washthrilled me most was the buoyancy

any avenue in another city. ington should be not only an art of his faith and the brightness of

center of our own country, but the his hope.

rP HE building program will proart center of the world. Around it The presence of these two char-

* vide for the following governshould center all the best in science, acteristics of perpetual youth in our mental activities: Department of in learning, in letters, in art. These aged president led me inwardly to

Agriculture, Department of Comare the results that justify the use exclaim: "He is the youngest of

merce, General Accounting Offices, of these national resources with us all."Interstate Commerce Commission, which we have been favored."—Geo. H. Brimhall.

From the Green Mountains to the Rockies By JOHN D. GILES A travelogue describing visits to important places in Church history and including faithpromoting incidents which occurred on the

Part I journeys.

necessity this narrative is boat trips in America, and indeed arrived at the Pennsylvania Station first person in the world, in New York with a margin of sevOF written in the singular. It is a story of We had made our itinerary with enty minutes in which to transfer

personal experience, impressions this trip as one of the big features, to the boat pier at the De Brosses gained and informaStreet dock. At this

tion acquired along the point things began to trail "from the Green happen, and we retrail that proof of the truth ofMountainsRockies"—a to the ceived satisfactory

differs greatly today our Scotch friend's from that of a huntheory that "the best dred years ago, but is laid plans of mice and so closely linked with men gang aft agley."

the history of the Our trunks, which

Church that the story were being checked diof one is very largely rect to Salt Lake City, the story of the other. had come with us

To begin at the befrom Philadelphia, and ginning and to explain I had entirely overand give proper credit looked the fact that it for the title at the head would be necessary to of this page, it is necestransfer them to the sary to go back to Grand Central Station

June, 1926. in order to start them

on their way westbride itself. a in For moder-

I\\7ITHw (of 20myyears) ward. Simple enough

ate fee transfer the (if honeymooningwas attend agent to would isit really to possible that. to check the But

a busionhoneymoon trunks necessary it was trip)ness and we found ourselves at the to present our tickets end of our stay in at the Grand Central

Philadelphia. The day Station, across the city

before leaving, a telefrom where we were.

gram arrived from a A hurried consultabusiness associate in tion with the transfer

Salt Lake. The mesagent made it clear that

sage urged, almost dithe trip by taxicab at rected, me to stop at the morning hour

Albany, New York, on the return A study of train and boat schedthrough the heavy traffic on New journey to secure information reules indicated that it would be York's west side was out of the garding an unusual collection of necessary to leave Philadelphia at question. The subway seemed to

Church history pictures, said to be 4:40 a. m. That's really quite offer the only hope.

in possession of a "Mormon"in early, but when you're on a honeytried ever to cross youthat city. news. This good was in prospect the have moon and

at on the York subway the fulUAVEA NewDuring years of twenty our filling of a promise twenty made married life, and more particularly years before and repeated at freeight o'clock in the morning, the since my own experience some quent intervals since, even arising very height of the rush hour? If

fears ago, I had promised that some at that unseemly hour isn't so difyou haven't, no description of day, as a part of our honeymoon, ficult a task. mine will be adequate. To go upwe should make the trip on the town or downtown is easy—inHudson River boat from New k7E left the "city of brotherly fact, the easiest and quickest wayYork to Albany—unquestionably love"as the milkmen were to travel. But to go "crosstown"one of the most delightful inland beginning their morning calls and—well, that's different. With

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 27 ample instructions and a door-die fNE disappointment is usually me with my wilted collar and dedetermination, I began the jourbad enough, but two are jected countenance gndreturned ney. worse. Our experience at the De the squeeze. We both understood.

I was certain in my own mind Brosses Street pier was exactly du-

T\7E reached Albany soon after * noon, some six hours ahead of the boat. Locating ourselves

at a hotel, I went about my task of Left—Joseph

Smith Farm seeking the pictures I had come to find. With little difficulty I found

the photo studio, the address of

Bottom—me, been furnished but Bed which had

in Farm Room locked. Knocking it was and House

ringing the bell brought no response. Then I realized

it was Saturday afternoon and the place was closed for the day.

I decided to locate a telephone and call the brother at his home. The telephone

directory contained no such name, and "Information"said the phone had been disconnected some months bethat the five or six milfore. Inquiry in the neighlions which New York borhood brought no inforcity claims as its populamation. More because I had

tion were all traveling nothing else in mind than that morning on the subbecause I thought any good way, and every individwould come of it, I returned ual in as big a hurry as I to the studio, and was imwas. pressed to knock again. After some minutes, patience

'"P WO minutes sufficed was rewarded and the door *- for the purpose of my errand, plicated at 42nd Street. We saw opened. I asked the young man

and I have tried to forget what the boat leave without us. Then who presented himself if I might

happened on the return journey in another "friendly"taxicab driver see Mr. Kline, and was informed

that seething, surging, squeezing, volunteered the information that that he was in Salt Lake City or frantic mass of humanity. Eventthe boat also stopped at 151st somewhere between there and Alually, however, I rejoined my Street, and that he had been able bany. After learning the purpose

"bride,"by this time on the verge to catch it several times. I looked of my visit, the man in charge

of a nervous collapse. The trip at my "bride". The tears were kindly offered to show me the pichad taken us an hour, and we had beginning to trickle down her tures.

of years was dream The less than fifteen minutes to catch cheeks.

I desperation vanish. In about to a desk drawer he tookthe boat. Hailing a taxi and ofbundled her and baggage into the "CROM books leatherbound with two speed, tip for extra fering an if driver told the we cab he and knew

titles. titles goldstamped The just pier. arrived for theraced We for he good would was what him read, the Green Mountains "From lifted see the gangplank to in time Before boat. catch that had we

entire to the Rockies."conThe pull the air boat the in andhigh a hopelessthe blocks dozen gone

away. ness of the situation was apparent.

Before we had even caught our It was no use. There were more

the of one D. GILES, vetrucks, taxicabs other OHN and more us driver taxi a informed J breath,

the General of members new ever. hicles visions of than With at a stop that the boat 42nd made I. has been A., of Y. M. Board M. a sixdol- missed another boat and the Scout in pioneer work Boy a could he Street, "thought"he and

indean Always the Church. of

has he worker, fatigablemake it. As a drowning man larsecond,taxi fareI reluctantlygrowing brighterordered eachthe M. I. A.

grasps at a straw, we seized the driver to give up the chase and occupied various positions in the fifteen for organizations and ward chance to beat the boat to the next drive to the StaCentral us Grand of years Enwas superintendent stop. tion. joined Here the trunks we this period stake. he sign During

that had caused all the trouble and played an important part in the plan. the it of all again, men seemed, in speeding time were New M up developmentHERE advertising, of business, that His to determined upthe York was the boat but on aHudson—-notshort

all the parts into of taken has him set felt that every plans. our train in shore. the the along As We parts of States United and some

truck in the city, a thousand taxiwe passed the boat that almost fulCanada and Mexico and has given cabs, and countless other cars had filled her dreams and my promises, him the opportunity of following special business that morning along I took my wife's hand and many old "Mormon"trails.

rvur route to the 42nd Street pier. squeezed it gently. She looked at

28 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

tents of the two books were photomeans whatever of locating the that President B. H. Roberts and a

graphs of the important cities, photographer. Staying over until group of elders and sisters had gone

towns, landmarks, monuments, Monday was out of the question. through Albany a few hours bebuildings, prominent men and Other appointments made it necesfore on their way to the Sacred

women and other items of historic sary to leave Grove to hold a and educational interest along the Sunday at the service the foltrail from Vermont, where Joseph latest. Then it lowing day,

Smith was born, to Utah, where became clear which was June the Church is now established "in that missing the 27th, the eighthe tops of the mountains."boat was a blessty-second anni-

I was given permission to take ing in disguise. versary of the

my time in going through the martyrdom.

to copybooks and likewise any inYyHILE contained. the picturesformation these 'ditionalHere werereasonsadthoughts

TT O any student of Church hiswere crowding why the boat tory, here was a rare treat. through my sailed, leaving

There were dozens of pictures mind, a young behind its two

Sharon, Harmony, Fayette, Palman entered the most important

The Hill Cumorah passengers (atmyra, Hill Cumorah, Sacred room. He apGrove, Kirtland, Nauvoo, Carthpeared to be at least that's the

age, Independence, Quincy—and home, yet way we felt

then pictures along the Pioneer trail seemed not to belong there. We about it). Needless to say, plans

all the way to Salt Lake City. passed the time of day and I prowere made to spend the following

While viewing the pictures, I ceeded with my task. However, day, Sunday, at the Sacred Grove

mentally recounted the experiences the young chap seemed much inand Hill Cumorah. The balanceof the day—it seemed a week since terested in what I was doing. Fiof that Saturday afternoon waswe had left Philadelphia—and nally he asked, "Are you from the spent with the pictures and in

suddenly realized that had we West?"I replied affirmatively and copying the information they carcaught the boat as planned and had told him why I was there. He ried.

arrived in Albany in the evening, said, "Let me shake your hand, this opportunity would have been brother, I'm a missionary here and T LEARNED that Brother Kline, missed, there would have been no have been working alone so long a professional photographer

I'm homesick to see someone from and proprietor of one of the best

Utah."studios in the New York State cap-

i ital, joined the Church several

T happened that I knew some years ago and was just completing of Elder Barlow's relatives, and his second trip "from the Green we found many things in common Mountains to the Rockies,"taking about which to converse. During the entire summer for the journey

the conversation he informed me and photographing everything of interest, as only a photographer, who is also a born artist, can do.

This accounted for his home, one of the most beautiful in Albany, being closed for the summer and the telephone being disconnected.

The foregoing is presented as a preamble to the story to follow.

Not in chronological sequence, or geographical order, but as they came under my observation, the sacred places of the Church, historic landmarks, the shrines of our people, are to be pictured and described, with such information added as has been secured in the course of my own journeys along the trail "from the Green Mountains to the

Rockies."

Part II HTHE Sacred Grove is just out of * the town of Palmyra in Wayne county, New York. Palmyra is

miles southeast of some nine Gilbert Upper printed the first John who Left—Major Rochester. Rochester or From first the printed. where was Book of Mormon Right—Building Book Lower—Plinyof Mormon.

Sexton, the Hill Syracuse, is reached owned Cumorah. who Palmyra by in-

.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 29

terurban cars with frequent service. that it was near this tree that Jolearned that "Mr. Bean"was well

The route runs through a beautiful seph Smith knelt to pray and reknown and very well liked. The

farming 'section, that hasn't shown ceived his first glorious vision, proprietor assisted us in an effort much change, either for better or when the heavens opened and the to establish connections with the for worse, in the century just past. way was prepared for the dispensafarm, but without success. HowTrue, there are electric cars, electric tion of the fulness of times. ever, we finally prevailed upon the

lights, autos and other evidences The Grove occupies possibly manager of the town garage to of progress, drive us to the farm and hill.

but many of ""www This was another piece of good the old farmfortune as later events proved. We

ing towns, inrode first to the farm and then to cluding Palthe hill. The driver had agreed

myra, are pretto make the trip, provided it ty much the should require Road t same. more than leading to Sacred no

hour. an There, the Grove By

t ime ', we,old Powers Smith,Barn harm.on the Joseph,the,

Hotel still had reached stands, as it the sacred hill was in the days we decided to of the Prophdismiss the et's young driver and manhood. The shift for ourExchange selves, trusting

Building, to luck to get where the first back to Palcopies of the myra.

Book of Mormon were printed, is also in daily use. Many other T"HERE was

business buildings and homes of too much

Joseph Smith's day are still there. to see, to learn,

Main Street is paved, but it's still to contemplate,

Palmyra, the Palmyra you have to be rushed read about for so many years. away after a

?:| mere casual

- -.':. ] 'glance. Here A S you leave the town and drive,

* south toward Manchester, **SjsJ we were on the about a half mile west of the main 82nd anniverhighway, which, by the way, is three or four acres of ground near sary of Joseph Smith's martyrnow paved and is a firstclass road, the crest of a knoll. It is one of the dom, on the hill Cumorah, where

is the road leading to the Smith few remaining clumps of virgin he received the golden plates from

Farm; where is found the home in woodland in that vicinity. With the Angel Moroni. Incidentally

which Joseph Smith lived and in the entire farm, including the old the beauty of the June day conwhich part of the Book of Morfarmhouse, the barn, the baptismal formed to the peace which brooded mon was translated (although not pool and the Sacred Grove, now over the place. Upon approaching

the house in which the Angel Moowned by the Church, it is under the hill the first thing that atroni appeared to instruct the proper supervision and every effort tracted attention was evidence that

Prophet as to his future mission) is made to preserve the important at some time in the not far distant

One also sees the old barn, one of landmarks. past, the entire "nose"or point of

the early baptismal pools, which The old barn, across the street the hill had been "prospected"or was formed by deepening a stream from the house, has been placarded dug into, evidently for the purpose running behind the barn, and most as "Joseph Smith Farm", that all of finding more of the golden important and interesting of all, who pass may know its location. plates. Strange, isn't it, that the

the Sacred Grove, with the lane Some two miles to the south and very people who denied the existleading up the hillside to it. a half mile east is the Hill Cuence of the plates should have tried

morah. The hill itself and a large tolocate others or possibly the

tract of land farm plates, same adjoining itnow thinking they might picture this the front of on'T'HE to belong the Church. have been reburied there? issue Era, Improvement of The

is one of the best pictures ever* Reaching the top of the hill, one the visit occasion of finds it isn't that to our all. ()N hill really a at

It thetaken Grove. of taken was

It hill left the farm and Alnearly resembles more a we the huge Kline, friend already hasby who early very in arrived bany moraine, and miles running some from bebeen mentioned. opening The

its before Rochester it source, noon. southern went emerwhere We trees the in center thetween of ges to enimmediately rolling the and Palmyra from countryside, as

the picture indicates the place where deavored to get in touch with El- a long, narrow strip, ending in the services are held in the Grove. A der Willard Bean, a former fellowhill-like formation usually shown

seat has been built around the large townsman in Provo, Utah. At in pictures.

tree in the center background, and the old Powers Hotel, still the leadOur driverguide knew very litthe best information available is ing hostelry of the town, we tle about its history, but during 30 The Improvement Era For November;, 1929

recolis farm, thing important the west young own some men our stay Cumorah is my related to details as gossip the village lection of the gave the us and Palmyra from TOowned Church by about the hill and its history up operated under its direction, giving me by my father, to that time. our people valuable and important

holdings at this historic place. T N his dream, as I have had the

A S the story was told to us, and Within a few years, with the landstory in mind for more than '*** part of it at least has been scaping plans completed, hill Cuthirty years, a redhaired Nephite proved true, some years ago the top morah should be one of the real sat on the bank of a stream near of the hill extending down to a shrines of Latterday Saints. The the hill Cumorah, playing a

point almost midway from its most recent development, in additrumpet. It was the morning after

brow to its base, as well as other tion to the landscaping and plantthe last great battle between the in the vicinity, property had come erection the of a large ing, has been PracLamanites. the and Nephites of possession into the a banker at off billboard just the highway, Nephite.hosts the of tically all

in so banker, Palmyra. we The hill, the of the of in the base form the of bodies killed. been The had offered told, the property were had course, a represents book. This, of here, everywhere. And were dead for to the $100,000. This Church tells the of and Book Mormon, with the stream, of the banks on a price, for a fabulous one being

is a plates. It the the story of water, the touching just toes his land, piece pasture ofsmall which

the top of the hill was at the time splendid piece of publicity and will sat the fairhaired descendant of of our visit, was declined. Later an doubtless attract the attention of Father Lehi playing a sad and solappraisal was had from independthousands who pass along the road, emn, yet inspiringly beautiful

ent sources and the value was which is the main highway bemelody, a lament over the destrucplaced at $12,500. This, so the tween Palmyra, in Wayne county, tion of his people. I had resolved,

story went, was accepted by the and Manchester, in Ontario upon hearing this dream related,

Church as a fair appraisal of the county. that if ever I should be privileged

actual cash value of the land but One incident in connection with to visit the sacred spot I should it was recognized that in addition this visit to Cumorah was of more look for the stream and on its to the cash value, there was also than usual interest to me. When banks hum to myself this "Nephite

an historical value. To compen- I was a boy, my father returned Lamentation", trying to picture in

sate for this an offer was made to from a trip to southern Utah with my mind the scene as it was on that double the appraised value, one a story about the hill Cumorah fateful day.

hundred per CO, as I incent premium quired for its historiabout the hill cal value. and its location, I was

nr HIS offer particular to -L in turn inquire also was refused. regarding the

With matters stream, which pending, the I had no doubt banker died. would be one

Then, we were of the familiar informed, the features of the executors of countryside.

the estate ofTo my surfered the propprise I was erty for $50,- told there was000—four no stream

hundred per within some cent of the real miles of Cuvalue. Again morah. That

the offer was seemed strange rejected and to me. I have

there matters always bestood. Later 1 i e v e d in

the announcedreams, espe- m e n t was cially when made, in the there is reason Deseret News, to think they by the Church are inspired.

authorities And as a boy that the hill itself, and considerwhich impressed me very much. He I had accepted this as a divine

able property adjoining, had been had visited with Thomas Durham manifestation to Thomas Durham purchased by the Church. The who related a remarkable dream. I—a manifestation so impressive

Improvement Era recently told of have since heard this dream told that Brother Durham, who was plans for landscaping and replantwith considerable variation, but as a musician, was unable to rest until ing it. far as this incident is concerned the he had arisen from his bed and

.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 31

written the melody. And now I hill to the south and extending as only son whose age was very near

was told that no such stream exfar as the eye could see, the water that of the Prophet at the time of isted. Not satisfied, I inquired course was clearly marked from the first vision. The same sweet

again with the same result. As I where I stood. The direction was spirit was again present and our

stood on the brow of the hill, at toward the numerous lakes that little group knelt in prayer at the its highest point, not far from the dot the country south of Manchesfoot of the large tree in the censpot where the plates are supposed ter, the largest being Seneca Lake, ter of the Grove.

to have been found, I looked carewhich divides Ontario and Seneca 7 O return to the story of the firstfully for signs of a stream or water counties and extends still further T course. I hoped the smattering of south. To the west and north it * visit, we went with the misgeology I had retained from my was not so definitely marked, but sionaries to the conference in Palschool days would help me to loappeared to run toward Palmyra myra and were present at the orcate some evidence if it had ever and to the westward. ganization of the first Sunday

existed. But from where I stood School in that city, with Elder

there seemed to be no indication, UROM the time we gave up our Willard Bean,jas superintendent.

unless a sort of swale or lowland chase for the boat at New York There were enough members of the to the north could be accepted as and began our journey by train, Church in Palmyra to justify such evidence that at some time a stream our "misfortunes"all turned to an organization and President had caused the depression. good fortune. From the hill Roberts established it on that imCumorah we walked the distance portant anniversary under decid-

"VfY disappointment was soon to the Sacred Grove, or rather to edly favorable conditions.

r * overshadowed, in part at the Joseph Smith farm, where the Incidentally the conference was least, by the beauty and inspiration grove is located. Arriving there held in the Grange Hall, less than

of the surroundings. The hill we found some of the missionaries fifty yards from the Powers Hotel,

itself, being used as a pasture, was who had come with President Robfrom which place we had tried to literally covered with daissies in erts from Brooklyn for the service locate Elder Bean. All the while

full bloom. Thousands of them at the Grove and also to hold conhe was with his family and the elgreeted us on that perfect June day. ference on the same day at Palders and Saints in the conference.

To the west lay beautiful Cumyra. Even that circumstance was looked

morah Farm. To the north, toupon as good fortune, as it is fairly

ward Palmyra, stretched attractive "V\7E were shown through the certain that without ample time green fields and pastures, broken home—the room where part and the leisurely walk along the

occasionally by a clump of trees, of the Book of Mormon was transhighway, I never should have been similar to those that form the Salated, the relic room, where many attracted to the particular view of cred Grove, some two and a half of the personal belongings of the Cumorah that led me into the miles away. To the south the top Prophet are preserved, and the bed meadow and resulted in the disof the hill itself, practically level, room. Then we visited the Sacred covery of evidence of the old

ran for miles, finally merging into Grove for the first time. As we stream.

the rolling hills. Southeastward ran walked along the lane, which most

lad likely historic otherthe important, to Manchester. the young was used by highway With

to pray, locality is the the to the in this a THEspot things to contemplate Grove as he wentso many dream and the stream were forgotfeeling of deep solemnity came over Peter Whitmer Farm, at Fayette ten for the moment. us. Approaching the opening, in Seneca county, which adjoins

Having dismissed our conveyshown in the picture on the cover Ontario county on the east where, ance we started to walk toward of this magazine, we felt an inon April 6, 1830, the Church of the Smith farm and Sacred Grove, tense desire to pray, to thank our Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints hoping to find someone who could Heavenly Father for this opporwas organized. This property

show us around and he 1p us back tunity and for the things that had has also recently come into the to Palmyra. happened in the past hours to possession of the Church. Under

make our trip so successful. He the direction of the general authorAS we walked along the road, I had overruled our own wishes for ities, the old Whitmer home has

*- looked back toward the hill our ultimate happiness. been reconstructed and will unand decided a picture from that And we did pray. With heads doubtedly be the center of attracangle would be highly desirable. uncovered, we expressed our thanks tion to the thousands of Church

As I located myself for the "shot", for the Gospel, for the great members and others who are exit occurred to me that the view Prophet of the latter days, for the pected to visit historic points durfrom a point further to the east goodness of the Lord to his people ing Centennial Year. The acquiwould be still better. To reach the and for his kindness to us in persition of the Whitmer farm, hill

spot I had selected it was necessary mitting us to visit these sacred Cumorah and other sacred places, to climb through a fence and enter places and partake of their inspirashould bring joy and pride to the a pasture. Then I discovered that tion and influence. With deep rehearts of Latterday Saints. With

my feet were wet and that the grass gret our visit was cut short, as the the approach of Centennial Year, around me was of a variety which missionaries and we were anxious the possession of these hallowed grows only where there is an to return to Palmyra for the evenspots is appreciated more by the abundance of water. The dream ing session of conference. But there Church than ever before.

and the stream came back. In the was a determination to return soon. (To be continued. Next month,

meadow was unmistakable evidence And last year I was privileged to Kirtland, Nauvoo, Carthage, Inthat here was an old river bed. To visit again this section and to take dependence, Richmond, Liberty

the east then winding around the along the children, including an and Winter Quarters)

The World Scout Jamboree By OSCAR A. KIRKHAM

Executive Secretary of the Y. M. M. 1. A.

"Scouting is a worldwide the for movement development of charBLATCHFORD,ROBERT in and initiative years wilt in a few in the boys, who to be called upon London Sunday acter

Graphic, said, "The Boy carry on the work and government of the world,"

Scout Jamboree is the most significant sign of an inward and Scouts from the frozen north to spiritual grace I can remember. It the tropics came in ships, by train,

is a sign of the growing amity of by aeroplane, and marching overthe nations and an omen of a comland. The American delegation

ing peace and brotherhood built numbered about 1,400, with repupon the solid rock of an enlightresentatives from Honolulu and ened understanding. It is a magAlaska. There was also included

nificentage-—toleration,symbol of thefreedomspirit of andthe withinreal redtheirAmericandelegation,Indiansa patrolfromof

goodwill."Oklahoma. Up from the African

From all corners of the world coast came the blackskinned boys the Scouts of fortytwo nations, and from the Orient came the yelnumbering over 50,000, came to lowskinned lads. In some inArrowe Park, Birkenhead, near stances it had required a month of

Liverpool, England, to celebrate sailing in ships. They had taken

the twentyfirst year of Scouting, their time and when threatening

July 31 to August 13, 1929. storms arose, would drift leisurely

From a small beginning, under into some safe harbor and await a the magic leadership of Sir Robert proper time to continue their jourBaden-Powell, the movement has ney.

grown until today it numbers over CEVERAL days prior to the two million. The Jamboree was *"opening of the Jamboree, delthe greatest gathering of youth in egations began to pour in to the

the history of the world. It was old Liverpool harbor. It took

coneleven trains to bring the 2,500one glorious celebration—no

tests, no rivalry unless it be in atScouts from France. A troop of

tempting to give greater service to German Scouts marched overland in being able to help the lad. Many

one another. The spirit of helpfulfrom Grimsby, not with hand grejokes are told about the Scotchmen

ness, and a desire to let Scouts nades as their fathers might have and their love of money, but my know how the program is condone 15 years ago, but with friendacquaintance with them leads me to ducted in their home country, ship for England, who took special believe they are intelligent givers was demonstrated everywhere with pride in entertaining them enroute. they save to give.

pride and thoughtful preparation. Many inspirational stories were

told of Scouts who made great efAND so the 50,000 Scouts came forts to come to the Jamboree. One with their many group and

J. T is hardly necessary to say a boy tramped 90 miles over the individual problems, but all bringword about Oscar A. Kirkham, for Himalayas to join his comrades at ing a wonderful spirit to this great

his dynamic personality has imCalcutta. Another Scout from a gathering of boy life. All the boys

itself entire this pressed comupon the interior, crossing in way in the had the requirements met of a defigraduating After munity. from the desert, a caught in nite was sand storm preparation in camping period at studying Provo, and B. Y. U.

music in Berlin, he later taught in and when rescued it was discovtheir own countries. They had

the L. D. S. U. at Salt Lake. Oscar, ered he had lost his sight. When been vaccinated for smallpox and

internationally, is thus designated he his friends they granted he met innoculated for typhoid; they had

duties, his is associate besides other the privilege of continuing the passed physical examinations. regional executive of Region 12, Boy him

Scouts of America. This includes journey, hoping that perhaps some They were in good standing and

Utah, Nevada, Arizona and Calispecialist in England might be able carried the spirit of the movement fornia. During the Jamboree he to assist him. A great Scotch in their hearts. This was all put

staff, national a of the member was physician, the case, hearing of a test, on to for the of the majority officer general morale was and memproffer his to miles traveled 80 days were rainy days in camp and ber committee. of the program He

was in charge of the religious exerservices. The sight of one eye was there was mud everywhere; but the

cises of the American Scouts and restored and the Scout continued Scout spirit overcame the difficulassisted in general supervision of the his journey to the Jamboree. The ties and their songs and cheers disAmerican contingent. Scotch specialist refused to accept pelled the efforts of the cloudy days

any pay and expressed his pleasure to dampen their ardor.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 33

Organization of the Camp brought the announcement of daily splendid educational opportunities.

procedure. I remember one night when com-

A RROWE is a beautiful park ing into the American camp from of sweeping with meadows the hospital, been where I had the the heart of mammoth T N -*about camp was 400 acres. The one of our boys, I met an acres park, were set visiting 50 40 to

divided into 8 subcamps with aside for a great Arena where American Scout who had been about 6,000 Scouts in each. It grandstands were built to accom- "over to Austria."It was about

was laid off with highways, avemodate the thousands of guests one o'clock in the morning, and nues, and lanes. Great Britain, who came daily to see the prowhen I spoke to him about his

our host, had carefully planned grams. having spent not only the mornthat one of the groups from her ing, but the afternoon and evening

own Shires, one from her colonies It took nearly threequarters of there and also far into the night, and a number of foreign countries a million dollars to feed these lads he said, "Well, Mr. Kirkham, we

should make up each subcamp. while in camp. The most careful had a great time together. I

The places designated for traffic preparation had been made. Each couldn't speak their language, but

were given interesting names such;Scout paid the equivalent of it has been a wonderful day."

as: "The King's Highway,"$10.50, for which he was proWhen I told him how serious it

"Wild Boar Avenue,""Rattlevided each day with the necessary would be if all our Scouts attemptsnake Lane."raw materials which he was to preed such a program, he said, "I guess

his pare over cook and campown can want, you you it was what do perthe of type To illustrate fire. the a large In American camp so, it."lads these enworth And thesesonnel composed which tent commissary provided was fellowship joyed of the one another. in locatedcamps: America was all the trucks where through came

subcamp No. 6. Just across the way the night, loaded with provisions The varied methods of camping

was Denmark with 1,500 Scouts, which by dawn were distributed to in the open were very interesting.

and up "King's Highway"was the different troops. New Zealand's unique cooking; the

India with 300 and Chili, Malta, Irish huts; the Eiffel tower built

Lancaster, Scotland, etc. DelegaThe Program by French Scouts with their staffs;

tions from the different countries the Arab tent life; the Czechowere organized into troops and T\ URING the first week of the slovakia interesting halfcabin,

patrols, and one of the interJamboree, the morning pehalf-tent homes, and the many acesting features was to note the difriods were devoted to visiting. The tivities of these nationalities proved

ferent types of shelters and tents Scouts from one camp would visit intensely attractive and educational.

which were used by these Scouts. those of another camp. This beEach troop provided its own bulcame intensely interesting to many POURING the afternoon, the

letin boards, where messengers of the boys and offered many main feature was the presentaAn aerial view of the great Jamboree Camp at Arrowe Park, Birkenhead. Near the centre of the photograph is Arrowe Hall, and towards the back is the Rallying Ground, where all the more important functions took place.

Courtesy "Scouting"34 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

tion in the great Arena of the big programs by the delegates of the different countries. Owing to the

size of the audience, it was necessary that thousands of the boys participate at the same time. The

day of the visit of the Prince of

Wales, it was estimated there were 65,000 in the camp. At the conclusion of the programs on that

day, I happened to be near the grandstand when the British Scouts staged a "great rush"for 'their

Crown Prince. He said he had

been entertained in all parts of the world, but had never been thrilled as he was that day when he saw these thousands of lads cheering and yelling as they came across the field toward him.

"C ACH performance in the Arena *—* was opened with a grand

parade of nations. Each day one

or more of the national delegations had an opportunity to present its interpretation of Scouting by pageantry, dramatics or some other method. The French Scouts gave

a wonderful story of Joan of Arc as part of their program. Hungary,

with a large Scout band and a boys'chorus of Vienna, introduced their folkdancing and folk songs.

Denmark gave a great callisthenic drill in which their hundreds of

Scouts performed as one. The

American delegation told the story of the great American Indian with all his regalia and camp lore. A

demonstration of our woodcraft and campcraft program was also Scouts from Fortyfour Nations Assembled at the 1929 Jamboreegiven. A Pine Tree Patrol pitched Courtesy "Scouting"

their tents and prepared their camp on a schedule of four minutes. The

finale of our pageant proved very provided with amplifiers) sang: music, dramatics, pantomime,

effective. At the conclusion of our stunts, big sings, etc. Each campprogram, the American Scouts ral- "From a country rich in Scouting, fire was opened with a song ensea, the across titled, of "Jamboree,"the melody circle half near lied in a great the Far greetings bring our to here are We imitated the ringing of the which center thegrandstand. from Out thee. will to good And

came a Scout with a beautiful great bells of "Big Ben"in the

American flag of silk and then the "From these places we have gathered, House of Parliament, and each flags of the different countries, May there come great good; evening's program was always finGod'swhich had been invited to particiMay guidance ever keep us ished with the singing of "God in brotherhood."One

pate with us, came forward and Save the King."

joined with our own colors, and as Then the bands began to play and At these campfires great they did so our American Scouts amid the cheers of the multitude friendships were formed. In the

rallied and cheered them. When we marched to our quarters. joy of the entertainment, Scouts

all these representatives had arrived, forgot national lines and greatly our Scouts shouted these words as '"THE evenings were devoted to enjoyed the fellowship of one anwith one voice: -*- campfires. For the first other.

week, each sub -camp provided its "World Friendship, own program. The best events T\ URING the second week of World Brotherhood, World Peace,"were selected and during the secthe Jamboree, the outstanding

ond week were put on a circuit events were the visits of Scouts to and then far away in the grandwhich went around to the different English and Welsh cities. Trains

stand a quartette of Scouts behind subcamps. There were many inand busses were used. It became

megaphones (the great Arena was teresting types of entertainment: my duty and pleasure to take great

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 35

delegations to Chester, Bolton, ing incident happened immediately the world which they represented.

Liverpool and other places. To ilafter our program when we were

lustrate the keen interest manifested retiring and falling into formation The Religious Lifeby the English people in entertainto march to the trains. One of

ing us at Bolton, one of the largest our American boys, who was en- 'T'HE spiritual life of the Scout mill cities of the world: Upon our thusiastic in collecting souvenirs, * played a big part in the proarrival a band met us at the station asked one of the policemen if the gram. Each Sunday was carefully

and the people of the city crowded emblem on his uniform was the programmed as well as other days the walks as we marched along. coat of arms of Bolton and when of the week, when the various reWe were taken everywhere and the officer nodded yes, he said, in ligious organizations were holding

shown all the places of interest. At characteristic language, "Gosh, I their exercises. Great nonsectarian

the conclusion of the day's prowish I had one of those."This programs were provided for those

gram, we met in the large city remark was overheard by the who did not attend other religious square on the Town Hall steps. mayor, and he told the boy to leave gatherings. The ArchBishop of

The mayor and other city officials that to him. The next day I reCanterbury and other dignitaries

greeted us. It was estimated that ceived by special post a package spoke to the Scouts. The prayers

there were over 10,000 citizens of these emblems with a letter from of these prominent men in behalf present. The mayor with his great the mayor, saying he was pleased of Scouting were very impressive.

gold chain and with his fine Engto send one for each of the Scouts One of them was as follows:

lish manners, expressed the love of of the delegation although they "Help us by thy grace, at home or his people for America and the Boy had been obliged to take all of their abroad, at work or at play, to walk

Scout movement. After his speech reserve and to strip most of the worthily in thy high calling. Enand when the time came for preuniforms of the police force, but able us with cheerfulness to fulfil

sentations to be made, I was happy that our visit had been worth it. our daily tasks, with courage to

that I had been thoughtful enough England did everything in her face our daily difficulties, to be on to keep an American flag of silk in power to show these boys a good our guard against the suggestions my coat which we had been using time. I am sure her citizens were and assaults of sin, to rely on thee

in one of our demonstrations at anxious to impress the visiting delfor thy unfailing strength, and by

Arrowe Park. It was truly thrillegations with the love which the thy mercy to win the crown which

ing to note the great enthusiasm English people truly felt for their thou hast promised to all who love and joy of these people when I preguests and the nations throughout thee and do thy will."

sented their leadOn one of the er with this flag. Sundays 10,000

Another interestCatholic Scouts

; tBszssrc -XTSsyysrcs

1. American Contingent on parade.

2. L. D. S. German Scouts en- 4. Main Entrance to Boy Scouts

camped at Jamboree 3. Giant Cake made by ship chef of America Camp.

on S. S. Samaria for Scouts en route.

36 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

HP HERE were many m- timate, inspirational happenings among the boys, and perhaps, at some future time, I shall have the opportunity of telling you about them. The closing hours of the camp were

very impressive. The new

friendships made during these two weeks seemed to have been lifelong, as these lads lingered with each other in saying goodbye. It did not seem to

matter whether their skin was black, yellow, brown or white. They felt that

they were all brothers toTop—Cheering for gether. the Duke of Connaught, A nd so, the Jamboree ended.

brother of King of EngPresident land, of Brit- "It stands for service and not for Scout Organizaish Boy tion. self; for duty nobly done,

For acts of kindness gladly Bottom—Oscar leading cheer for Crown wrought from dawn till

had the honor of listening to a Prince when visiting American Camp. the set of sun;

cardinal of the Roman Catholic For links that are strong and hearts church. Provisions were also made conducted the exercises. The servthat are clean; stout musfor the Jewish boys to have their ices were interpreted for the benefit cles and active brains;

religious devotions, and this was of those who did not understand For a smiling face when the sun is true of all other creeds. English. bright, and a brave face

when it rains."

Latterday in the a great event part which was my own HPHE T life is in this representakneel to playing *- Saint with Church tives of these 42 nations in the important world movement is a great Liverpool cathedral and sivery sacred one. Thousands of

lently pay our devotions to our friendships are being made and we

God. At the conclusion of the are having an opportunity to let

program, the ArchBishop gave people of the world know and unthis blessing: derstand what our religion is doing.

"May the Almighty bless you The International Office is friendly with the courage of the spirit of to us and has been the means of youth. May he give you firm assisting us in having proper affilifaith, eager hope and unconqueration with the different countries of

able charity, that being fortified the world. There is a real chalOscar showing western scenes to Scouts

with such devotions of his grace, lenge tc every Latterday Saint of five nations visiting American Camp.

you may be partners with the pioman and boy who has the priv- i i i neer of universal peace, even the ilege of wearing the Boy Scout Captions in this article were written young Prince of Glory, Jesus insignia and uniform. It is not long by the editors.

Christ. Go forth into the world before he is known as a "Morin peace. Be of good courage. Hold mon"no matter where he may be,

fast to that which is good. Render and with this knowledge comes From the Ends of the

to no man evil for evil. Strengthen great responsibilities. Earth

the fainthearted, support the indication an of the wideinterest weak. Help the afflicted, honor A.Sspread in Scouting parand

all men, love and serve the Lord."ticularly among Latterday Saint

boys, the following is taken from

A MID all these great religious gan"Cumorah'sof the SouthSouthernAfricaCross,"Mission:ordevotions, in one of the tents Brother Harry Spear (the Morof the American camps, provision mon Boy Scout representative

was made for our own Latterday from South Africa) called at his July on 2nd "Cumorah"on President exercises. religious Saint

attend the Scout way to Boy Jamand his wife A. WidtsoeJohn were boree in England. Brother Spear

with us. We were about 70 in is from the Bloemfontein Branch.

number. Latterday Saint |By Edwin H. Calder, H. Piath, Irving On 5 th July he left for England on

Scouts from 1 1 different countries Beesley, "Mormon"missionaries, at the R. M. S. "Edinburgh Castle."

were present. President Widtsoe Guildwell Training Course.

Little Runt

HARRISON R.MERRILL

tell there, quarterback; to pull. a good play but to Yet was him what JOE GARDNERLITTLE also the that coach not use him. would Burke had great knew bench with his he sat on the

in his football the afraid of gaps having Smithy was knowledge and chin in his hands watching little to death. in his as well. fellow thinking trampled

the football Bitterness game. was like Joseph, "Well, you would in except well performed Burkein years his heart. long four For a get in to bit?"and up warm thing: to he seemed unable one batteredhe kicked been and had

It sat Smith. Coach was He instructions, or purhe remember field the of scrimmage,about on beside the quarterback and down style of the posely changed gamefirst as a as varsity a then freshman,

laid his Joe's knee. huge hand on faith in his because he had more his yet he notman, had but made exclaimed. the "Sure!"boy in strategy the than that of own lastletter. at his year was This chance!""Every coach. Furthermore, Burke wasKinsmore, and it was slipping send helmet get your and "Then often influenced "smart"by someaway. football. safe out. Play that to player pull something was Burke

He realized that he was small. not on the program at all. Time's about up."twentyfive and hundredOne a sure Little Joe that only was

tied of up bone brawn andpounds saved superior Kinsvery team had across the sped lS Joe it little a skin, ain though As was least defeats at this from more two field in that parting rang word to skin, send not enoughtough was the he season. not very was But football; his safe ears.—"Play foe, a heagainst But knew. husky stick his into nose other to man time's about up."that also bone and brawnhe knew footplayed business. people's Joe a chance anything. Not to show evenare everything, though not ate a chance, ball and got he when a Just puppet. the of alumnithe coach some and

fans did think so. Burke trotted off the field and

first exfully the before play was been he years eight had For now newspapers of Utah closing the ecuted, the barked, EADERS gun thea careful which of student game R and magazines Church all know contest. him. a passion with becomehad reputation Harrison R. Merrill, by silence. in dressed DisconJoe school his he had highAll through if r\ot personally. His and poems

solate, left the All he gymnasium. stories for appearing been have quarterback made had andplayed

a splendid reputation. But for years, and he is the author of a the minutes stacked together any

novel, Bart of Kane charming the years varbeen he on had two to ceased grow. he reasonsome it is as perhaps But County. a sity not enough squad would make little high hisFurthermore, is own that events he writer of sporting letter. could a to give him How is fortuthe best states and known, removedschool two was ERA

the this year for with one he hope this story football in nate having here had few and Kinsmore,from over. already half his season pen. of a For number from glory he won. hadver of the heard professor assistant been has years he a told himself he with "Well,"

the at English of Brigham Young to be grimace, has "somebody in University York and is now New as well scrimmage fodder. Might University. is at student a Columbia that Coach knew H:.E be me."liked but him, knewLyn Smith

also the coach's passion for big fellows. his heart out on the bench when Hi.E sat down on a

"Talking of football players,"he did not. bench overlooking the football

he had often heard Smithy say, "if He knew he would get into this field. His thoughts were as glum

you have a good big man and a game all right. He always got in. as the clouds that hung above the

good little man, why take the good But it would be after the real batlake he could see glimmering bebig man every time. That's my tle was over, a moment only, just yond the town. He noticed the

gospel."before the gun cracked. coach leaving the gymnasium and

walking toward him. Joe idly

Little Joe could not help but wondered where Smithy was goagree he the coach, though with ing. almost surprised the He was when TiHE players grades there that were manyknew liked the without exception little big fellow the place turned toward

of "good". fellow. When he was in a game where he sat.

The little quarterback knew that he commanded like a Napoleon. No "Like the game?"the coach

Burke James, thesophomore player from the smallest to the asked as he seated himself by the who was running the team out largest on the team ever attempted quarterback.

38 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

"Yeah,"Joe answered, "it was 'You saw him play this afterSmithy continued. "We've come

great."noon,"he said as if that ought to to look upon you more as a mem-

"Gardner,"the coach turned to settle it. ber of the coaching staff than as athe boy—"what is your opinion "Yes, I saw him,"Smithy replayer. Four years now, isn't it?"

of Burke James as a quarterback?"plied with just a little too much

The boy's heart swelled with force to indicate satisfaction. "I 'Yep,"Joe gulped, a lump in

pride. Smithy was asking him am deucedly worried,"he continhis throat. He was still a boy, but

about a football player. He knew ued. "Everybody thinks we have a little past twenty.

great team. We have, but "No letter yet! Bench warmer

it lacks much of being a for four years!"The coach looked

smoothly functioning maat the quarterback, admiration in chine yet. Our stiff comhis eyes. "It takes grit to be that

petition is yet to come. it does to play the—more than

Everybody expects us to game against the hardest of compewin because we've had such tition."

these easy an time with off, in his eyes was As he walked

I tell early games, but light. you, a speculative

Joe, we got to pick up.

When that team strikes "It takes grit to be battered bang up outfits, it's going around four years for nothing,"'to wobble. And the weakHe stopped—"I wonder? * * *

ness is in the quarterback, Then shaking his head he moved

Joseph."away.

big of the had 1 HE coach was game arrived1 atHElast.dayKinsmore

decidedly worried, Joe continued with an unbroken string knew, or he never would of victories, but so also had be talking like this. Coach Randall. The two schools had deSmithy was not the man to feated every opponent and were

his broadcast troubles. strength ready to match He now unusually suchad been an conferfor the each other against

cessful coach, but during ence championship. the past two years his

teams had been in a slump. Coach Smith approached the day

This year material was with misgivings. He had not

better and there was a defound or made a quarterback in cided feeling of optimism whom he could place implicit faith.

the boys respected his fund of footboth on the campus and in the Burke James was still good, but he ball knowledge, but he did not town. Everybody was predicting lacked something of being ideal.

know the coach had any such another Kinsmore championship. He could not run his plays with

feeling. the precision the coach would have

sir,""Well, answered, Joe grave frequently made and hesitatinq, "Well,"he said, "we've team. a good Lots too was of errorsliked, in judgment. He brilliant quaris a mighty"Burke lots lots weight, speed, of of courthe suit to also a gambler much ofterback."like age! It looks a to winner me."

coach. the coach answered, "Yeah,"

is,""It the admitted, "if coach a pass to all right throw in does opinion, It was your"but how, it together. can keep quarOur line thirtyyard his the we the handlehe run team and from own

ters are lack they good but men a try or to team, a r against weakgame is experience. best the of Burke 'one, such but unprotected long

lot, the short but he's somewhere,

I don't where, and know I'm just Randalltactics wouldTech,notSmithdo atknew.all against

it's afraid a can't coach something was james Burke night and time spent much He rate."give time, at anyplaying the position that Joe him—in the during his problem with day given ten years his havewould of sir,"'You're worried Joe now, called game. the to prior He weeklife for to just play ninety minreplied. will believe "I snap Burke he practices in which skull specialutes. James, though knew He of the meet out time Ranit by we conevery for provide to attemptedfast shifty, entirely not and was dall be That'll our Tech. quarters substitute big tingency. Twosafe, a just not quarterback what test. case in an trained carefully were stratthe in be head.should His

egy was poor and he could not or "Joseph, why didn't the good accident should take James from would not remember his sequences Lord give you thirty pounds more the game. But still he was decidedly uneasy. Burke lacked bothat the right time. But Joe also—or even twenty?"the coachknew that Coach Smith knew all asked whimsically. "See here, Joe, generalship and commanding

these things. He had a great respect why don't you go down to the power, no doubt of that.

for Coach Smith's football knowltraining table and eat for a solid edge. Besides, young Gardner was hour every day?"He grinned as

not the man to tear down another he rose to go. "Of course I was o<OCCASIONALLY the

to his back. talking to you confidentially,"coach thought of little Joe GardThe Improvement Era For November, 1929 39

ner. But always he dismissed him be murder. Those big fellows he'd shake his head, "awfully sorry

from his mind. would step on him and mash him for the little runt; does know the "Hundred and twentyfi v e in the mud as they would an ant game from A to izzard—wonderpounds!"he would grunt.. "It'd and on the very first play. No,"ful—above the ears!"

40 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

'T h e simp,"he snarled. quence play was not completed.

j VERYBODY was "Should've let that go over. A Burke, seizing the ball, ran out to

keyed to a high pitch of excitement fumble would've lost the game the side and snapped it entirely when the KinsmoreRandall game right there. Did lose five yards, across both teams in a long pass to

got under way. Randall had and five yards against Randall at Sandy Alexander, lengthy left end.

brought a trainload of people to any stage of the game is considerLittle Joe noticed that the Ranthe contest, believing that in rootable."dall backs suspecting a trick play

ers there is strength. They had Little Joe shivered. No one but were on their toes. Each defensive

won all their games from harder a novice, a braggart, or a fool player had his man spotted. (As

teams than those which had played would take a chance like that with the ball whipped over the line of

Kinsmore, or else had won by a the ends so close. But it was just scrimmage, Bill Banting, huge

larger score from the same teams such "game"plays that had made Randall fullback, shot out between that had played Kinsmore. There Burke popular with the fans. the ball and Sandy; snared it from

was every reason to believe they the air on the run and plunged tobetter a slightly had rivals. victory than their chance for B URKE seemed to have wardmore theteamKinsmorestrung outline.behindThe Kinshim

The Kinsmore fans were equally gained his equilibrium, however. like the tail of Haley's comet in a

expectant. They had supreme During the first quarter he played vain attempt to drag him down.

confidence in Old Smithy and the careful ball. He called only The pass had been totally unproteam he had trained for the big straight plays and punted on the tected.

occasion. Few knew the coach's third down, usually, if there was Randall annexed the extra point.

problems. Fans rarely do. In any danger whatever. Score: Randall 14; Kinsmore 0.

their minds, Kinsmore's quarterRandall played the same waitback was the star of the team. ing game. The teams were like Coach Smith leaped to his feet.

Burke's brilliancy and daring had two boxers feeling each other out. "Max!"he commanded. "Go

won him many friends and supThe second quarter was more in there and send that boob out. I

porters. hectic. Randall unwound some want to talk to him before the half

Little Joe Gardner sat on the trick plays and finished the seis over!"

bench, his usual position when the quence with a long and deceptive Max Baum, a German youth games got under way, and studied pass which took the ball over the who had shown considerable the situation. His heart beat for line for the first touchdown. The promise, rushed into the game and

old Kinsmore. This was his last visiting quarterback kicked goal. Burke James with head hanging

year and he wanted the school to Score: Randall 7; Kinsmore 0. limped over to the bench where the

close the season in glory. His own Kinsmore fans groaned. A 7 to coach waited.

personal feelings were swallowed lead was usually enough to spell up in his ambition for the Alma victory for a Randall team. The

jubilant players and Randall were his in Mater. were TiEARS

to the attack returned with reeyes. all, after football For men Smith's inCoach He heard

vigor. newed great boys, are usually the mere team. to the structions

however, rallied and Kinsmore, of twenty. majority under them was the in there and win,""Go the ball, blocking played headsup feeling. the Coach Smith He knew admonition. parting "And Burke,"

said he, calling his quarterback to big brown ends and tearing had played fullback for six years, him, "play the game heads high, through Randall's line frequently high school and college, and knew old man. Tough battles like these to tackle their backs before they what it was to be jerked from the

are won upstairs. That's all. could get going. game.

You're the general. Show us what "That's all right, kid,"he said

first his having upheaval calmly, you can do!"close of the the NEAR

still cut. his tone but "You ball the on passed, got quarter Kinsmore

that lost the with probably game line. fortyyard their Immesat own smith Coach if censuring one. you not you I'm a called huddiately James Burke little quarterback. the beside down to really the that was thought way the shivering dle. Little on Joe he Joseph,"game, the "Study it boner, a can win. we But was anxiety cold but with not bench, for usually, solemnly. He said see all that certainly now."the what excitement, wondered and full name. Joe's used reason some

"Help me to see our faults this quarter was up to. He watched "Yeah,"Burke quavered. "I

pulled that one, but wouldn't've eyes preas the backs with eager Burke. See watch half. first You

he thought it would told me eviSandy for the pared play had which up."heads is playing if he

In the same manner the coach dently been selected. He saw Silky work. He said he'd noticed their

designated positions for all his asKinkaid, heavy and fast fullback, ends and backs were playing in sistants and a number of the subs back up to punt formation. close. He thought they wouldn't

f to watch. Little Joe relaxed. He thought be expecting a pass there."

Kinsmore received. The ball Burke was starting on a sequence "They must a been surprised!"

spiraled high in the air. Burke which, Coach Smith insisted, the coach answered cuttingly.

caught it on his own twoyard line would carry the ball down the field Smith's ire rose. That was what

and dashed up the field. A Randall from any where near the center. he had feared: that others would

end shot in from either side and The ball was snapped back to take a hand in running the team downed him on the fifteen yard Burke James, who faked a pass to and would mess things up. But he

line. Silky, just as the first play of the kept his voice level and not too

- He knew football men, and A growl escaped the coach. sequence suggested. But the segruff.

i The Improvement Era For November, 1929 41

was not the swearing, loudeach in his heart resolved to do his mouthed kind. utmost to wipe out the glaring

"You should've closed Sandy's fourteen points.

mouth, Burkey, with your fist if necessary,"solemnly. he said "The under got 1 HE game the army. general must run received bang. Randall He way with a

a all that he can about must learn the ball on their own fifteenyard battle, it gets under way, but when line the field to and plunged down he's got to run the fighting."their own twentytwo-yard line

"I'm awfully sorry, sir,"Burke before Kinsmore could down the said humbly. husky back who caught it.

Even Little Joe felt sorry for the "Now fellas,"Little Joe shouted quarterback, although he thought to the team, "let's show these the coach was "plenty soft"in webfoots that they're up against dealing with him. a Kinsmore wall!"

Coach Smith between halves, Twice Randall bucked the line was in a quandary. He knew that without appreciable gain. On their

Burke James would be useless in J<OE was speechless for third down they punted, indicating the remainder of the game that day. a moment. that they were content to have the

Not because the boy himself could "Better than anything in this score as it was. The ball went out

not come back, but because his world!"he said huskily. of bounds on Kinsmore's fortyteam-mates had lost confidence in "You don't have to unless you fiveyard line.

him. They would insist more and want to,"the coach continued. "The breaks!"Little Joe shoutmore on the huddle and would in- "I've kept you out of a lot of ed, "we're getting the breaks. Now

terfere continually. He knew that games, but believe me, Joe, it was fellas!"

no game could be won that way. on your account! Those big RanLittle Joe's heart sang as he

dall fellows will take delight in squatted behind big Din Chalmers, line center. great Kinsmore's No in the sod!"tramping you had BAUM team, stop his saying could M..AX he was sir!"matter, Joe won't "That coach fairly the well, but done off as the himself ripped to he 'em, exclaimed. if they can!""Let confidence team had little knew the signals.

in him and had difficulty in underThe youth's eyes flashed and his standing the signals. jaw set.

small that llE was so the spirit, "That's in the hands old man!"While the men were hidden from rising. he was practically the coach cried, halves, his hopes the trainers between of

eyes the of the team. opposing there, Joe, in 'Then the go you and and up walked Smith down ball back, snapped was The and as the to play play game training you want game This room. long

it slipped he Bullet to KinsRoxy, it. sequences. the For of to than any know You more him meant more's right speedy halfback. Roxy last years the I've close been watchthe of two the knew. team At tore for right around end two for the ing admiring coachand giving you manseason he the up was

off yards. tackle a play and An the ner into in you've postforever. been which dug ing had He center ten completed the yards buck little the game. until could Napoleon, You're he occasion the poning

first for down. sure the the of need a hour! team. winning quit He with man We

It wild. fans Kinsmore went are to win. Fourtoday one his set heart if we on that. had

first the firstdown straight on lead to was teen points awful is an last in his walk, paused he At football. the All others been had overcome. decision his made. or passes flukes of on made one

"Joe, come here,"he motioned "I'll do my best, sir,"Joe ankind or another.

to the little quarterback who had swered tensely. The ball was now just past

been assisting with the work. the center of the field in RandaU

feet every territory. to his Little Little Joe's Joe rose worked mind SMITH his aquiver. off opportuclicking nerve like lightning the Had turned to theG,OACHteam.

arrived? nity sequences been had which "Men,"he said, "this game is midfield for shot stored there during "Burke's hard his wad many lost yet."tonot

said. chap, selected one. scrimmages. the coach "Poor day,"He

it was unfortunate, but of course "I should say not,"the fullback "Punt formation!"he sang out.

he has only himself to blame. He exclaimed. "We're not through Randall got set for a pass or

should have run the team his way. with that outfit."fake.

Now Max can't pull this game out "I'm goin'to send Little Joe in Big Silky Kinkaid, Kinsmore's of the fire, so there we are!"there at quarter. He's light, but fullback, prepared to receive the

The coach walked beside the lithe knows the game as few football ball from the center. Long Sandy

tle quarterback to the end of the men know it. He knows all the Alexander shifted to right end, beroom. Then he paused and laid sequences, and is expert on defense. side Johnnie Bristol, the regular

his big hands on Joe's shoulders Now you fellows go in there and right end, leaving the left tackle and looked down into his eyes. get behind him solidly. We'll pull eligible to receive a pass.

"Joseph, it's asking a lot of a this game out yet!"Silky gave the signal. The ball

kid your size, but how would you When the eleven determined snapped back, but into the hands like to go out there and handle that men trotted on to the field each of Little Joe. He sidestepped to

team?"looked up at the score board and the rear and whipped it like a bul42 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

let over the heads of both teams Randall had been pulled out of even. Both teams fought desperinto the waiting arms of Sandy position, yet two of their backs reately to break that deadly tie. Both

Alexander who had slipped in bemained unaccounted for. With a quarterbacks used every play they

hind the Randall center. yell they were off after Roxy. His knew in the hope that they might

start gave him a slight advantage, snatch victory from the other. Litbut his speed gave him more. tle Joe, however, never faltered in

TiHE gain was but two activity or faith. Kinsmore must

theyards, but completed. pass was win. ITTLE JOE GARD- L the wasThat what giant. the little His He became like at a the flank of hound sequence NER,needed. sense tackling, which his uncanny a deer ran beside the halfback.

Again Little Joe sang out: Randall's halfback made a leap for enabled him to shift perfectly to

"Punt formation!"the twinkling feet of Bullet Roxy. meet the thrusts of the opposing

Again Silky dropped back to Joe made a mighty lunge and was team, were disheartening to the receive. caught in the eager arms of the bafRandall men.

"Watch a pass, watch a pass!"fled tackier. That left only one "Let's get that little wart!"the

the Randall men cried. "Watch Randall man in dangerous proxRandall captain finally growled in

your man!"imity to the man with the ball. desperation, when the quarter

Again Sandy Alexander shifted "He's away,"Coach Smith mussed up a pass that was thought to the right end of the line. Fans yelled, excitedly, unable longer to to be perfect—certain against any

were breathless with excitement. restrain his emotions. "The little team. It was a play that had scored

—aAt lastmachine—functioning.they beheld a footballEveryteam playrunt! thatA looksperfectlikeexecutiona fur coatof ina forbeenRandallsaved forseveralthe closetimesof theandgamehad

part seemed to be connected with July if poorly timed!"he was sayas the last gesture upon which vicevery other part. ing over and over, but nobody was tory was to be staked. "The next

The ball was spiraled back. This listening. The entire throng was time any of you tackles cut that

time Silky did.receive. The left on its feet cheering and yelling as little runt, bust him! Put him

tackle, now eligible, sifted through those two men streaked down the out! He's half of the team!"

the line. Sandy Alexander shot field. The Randall men watched their

off wide shouting for the ball, but The Randall safety, having a opportunity. The game was nearly

it was Bullet Roxy who cutting slight advantage in yardage graduover when it came.

in again behind the Randall line ally drew close to the Kinsmore that received. back as their trails converged. He

The pass was completed with a measured his distance and lunged. 1 HEY were not contwo and a half yard gain. Roxy sidestepped, spun completescious of the unsportsmanlike atly around and was off with a clear titude they were taking. They

field between him and the goal. were merely eleven desperate young

TiHE fans were in an The Randall back lay where he men, exasperated beyond..measure

uproar, and along the Kinsmore fell, too disappointed to rise imby a little chap who was turning benches excitement kept every man mediately to his feet. sure victory into defeat. By "bustin quivering anticipation. The seFor the extra point Little Joe ing"the captain did not mean that

quence was working. placed a drop kick squarely bepermanent injury was to be in-

"Punt formation!"again Little tween the uprights. flicted. He merely meant that some

Joe sang out the command. In one should knock the wind out of

his voice was the intonation of the little chap and force him to victory. 1 HAT touchdown withdraw from the game.

Again the same disposition of made a new team of the Kinsmore prethe with Workingthe the eleven. was made. men Now

the cision of a machine both on less than four ITH clearly excited. teamRandall was Wi offense, defense stormed they and ex- a beautifully play, minutes to stuff!"pull that "Don't let 'em

the captain implored. "Get your through the quarter. Randall still ecuted series of passes had placed

man! Hang on to him! Don't fought gamely, but was unable to the ball on Randall's twoyard line.

let 'em make another pass!"threaten the Kinsmore goal. It was fourth down. The KinsAgain Silky opened his hands Early in the fourth quarter Kinsmore eleven knew that it was now

for the ball. Again he received more once more got the ball on or never. There would not be time

it. With his left hand extended downs. With never faltering gento work the ball back to scoring

and his right hand drawn back as eralship, Little Joe selected his territory should they lose it now.

if to pass, he froze like a statute sequences and carried them through At that critical moment the hiding the ball in his hand behind with such speed and animation that captain called a huddle.

his back. It was the well known the Randall team was amazed. Little Joe was vexed but said

Goddess of Liberty play, old but Despite their gamest efforts the nothing. They must all pull toever new. Kinsmore machine once more rolled gether now.

Bullet Roxy, the right half back, down the field and over the line for "Now I think a pass here is the the fastest man in the conference, their second touchdown. thing,"the big tackle suggested,dashed around behind the big fullBy the middle of the final quar- "they're—

back scooping up the ball as he ter the score stood: Randall 14; "Shut up!"Joe snapped. "What

went and was off down the field. Kinsmore 14. is it, Cap?"

The entire Kinsmore team shot "I think myself a pass will go!"

into the play blocking with per- B.>ACK and forth the "This is the quick opening,

fect timing and efficiency. battle waged with honors about scoring play,"Joe answered.

I "

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 43

"Now let's snap into it and put it down at the muddy, bloodhere at Kinsmore who has been on through that left guard. He's smeared face. the squad three years and before

wobbling. Silky you're to carry it He carried the youth up to where that he played freshman football.

on "Aw—"76."the tackle began, but the"Burke!"team sat inhestupifiedcommanded,silence. "go Hea staunchhas beensupportera faithfuloftrainerthe mainand

he got no farther. The others had in there and bust those birds!"team.

already lined up. Every man knew 'This man has never had a footthat Joe was right. ball trip, he has never had an honor

thrill that except the kind of any worked set backfield themselves The men D OC Withers sport to a good knows who the comes boy until closeas as over the unconscious to the line of scrimmage the rules would permit. Silky was last fan had left the stadium before he is assisting in building the team.

ready for the lunge that was to Little Joe opened his eyes. Coach "Now it's through no fault of

bring victory. Smith, who had sat anxiously by, his that he has failed to play hi's

It's because not minutes. ninety relief. a sigh of breathed He Little squatted Joe behind low can. the game. play cannot He he lad. tenderly the stooped filled center. great silencethe A doesn't It's because he not know Coach,the the stadium. Everybody knew—I—guess—Iover does, better than the game. He quarter The amcrisis arrived. had "Well,too—little."rethese have of most men who Silky brokenly. spoke "When

ceived their awards."thought—I slipped—I could—take paused. coach The it Joe opened Li/ITTLE too—little over! Just——you all know the man 1 "Nowhis hands. thrust guess!"was The ball

into them as the big center lunged His eyes closed and his face to mean."

forward to do his share toward Coach Smith looked very pale but Cheers shook the building.

the name was them with Mingled hole. Little that asmaking as a girl's important angel's. sweet or—an Joe. of Little it reached Silky,Joe Silky to but old seasoned thought gave the The

Little give that "I suggest we there. notwas had slipped a twinge. and coach He

was sprawled on the ground full "Boy, you did it!"he said Joe Gardner not only a sweater,

length. The play called for lighthuskily. "And believe me, Joe, but a gold medal besides. What

you say?"execution. justning There was when

that lasted for two Applause I thing do. to didone for Joe He

reply. know—bigI say youenoughare the biggestto do anyman dominutes was the it. ball the under Tucking his thing!"

arm he shot through the hole the The blue eyes opened and a smile "Bring him to the stand!"

center and guard had made for played over the quarter's face. "Speech!"

see Joseph!""Let'sSilky. so low, sighed. low He plunged "Did I, Coach?"He

cries rang out all over the Such legs see a forest ofthat he could else matters nothin'much!"as "Then

he wormed his way through, auditorium.

scrambling toward that coveted hall at assemblywhite line. 1 HE hands WiILLING packed to overflowKinsmore was the little quarterback shouldered

ing the football the on day awards stand. to the carried and him

a crash. was were made. Coach Smith TiHERE was his there with stood Little Joe

fell his beef head, of ton upon letters,A the out the handing sweatfour his arm. crutch under The

felt spine. hisanother upon He ers, blankets, the the medals. and rolled and battering away years of

leg his in right then twinge and the of All football passed had men he than he was glad—happier dark. was the received stage over had anda—all bebeing of ever remember could

The referee dived under the pile their honors from an appreciative fore. The bench warmer was apof squirming humanity as the studentbody. The fact that they preciated after all.

umpire began pulling the men off. had won a conference champion- "I can die happy if it should

The ball was over. ship did not detract from the enhappen tomorrow,"he said

A mighty cheer went up from thusiasm of the occasion. simply, and everybody knew he

the Kinsmore stand. From a seat near the back of the meant it. "You have honored me.

"The little runt, the darned litauditorium Little Joe Gardner The right to wear that big block tle the proceedings weeping, almost runt!"watched Smith to more me than sweatmeans with K eyes himself saying over to as he beaming an aching heart. was and or ers money."or medals

watched that pile of men with He had helped win the champion- "The game little runt!"Coach

anxious eyes. ship, but he had not made his letSmith muttered under his breath.

The score was Randall 14; ter. He never would win a letter

Kinsmore 20. now for he had had his three years Soldiers, what I have to offer

But what was wrong? Why of varsity participation. you is fatigue, danger, struggle and

didn't the team line up to try for When the last award had been death; the chill of the cold night

the extra point? Then Coach given he picked up his crutch prein the free air, and heat under the

Smith saw two of his men carrying paratory to leaving the room when burning sun; no lodgings, no

a limp form from the field. something Smithy was saying munitions, no prisoners, but

He ran down the sidelines to stopped him. forced marches, dangerous watchmeet them. Tenderly he took the "And now,"said Smith, "all posts and the continual struggle

little quarter in his arms as a man those who, according to the rules, with the bayonet against batteries might take his own son.. have earned awards have received -—those who love freedom and

"I was afraid of this,"he said them. But rules cannot cover all their country may follow me.

huskily to himself, as he looked cases. For example, we have a man Garibaldi to his Roman soldiers.

It The Earth and Life in By DR. JOSEPH F. MERRILL

Church Commissioner of Education

strangest thing about theTHEearth is the people in it. Not

that we are all strange people, but we do not positively know that there is another single orb in the heavens that boasts of any living inhabitants."In our universe

stars—suns,there are thousandsmany, perhaps,of millionsbeingof

surrounded by solar systems similai to our own. But of this we can

never be certain, for these planets, uif they exist, are too small, far away and dark, ever to be discovered by any means within human power. No telescope or other

instrument ever made would reveal the Earth or Jupiter to us if we were gazing from even the nearest star, 4 lightyears'distant. And

surely none of the visible stars are habitable, for they are much too hot, their temperatures being much higher than any known fiery furnace. The temperature of our own

sun varies from ten thousand degrees at the surface to forty millions at the center. Similar

temperatures exist in other stars.

And of the seven other planets in our solar system none has conditions so favorable for life as we know it as does the earth.

The following table of data of our solar system, after Professor

F. R. Moulton, is interesting in

this connection:

Mass of is peopled. Mean Density should we planet How Planet Distance from Sun Length -1 Water- 1 Earth Diameter Year communicate ever know it? To

Mercury 36,000,000 miles 2.9 months 3,009 miles 4.5 (?) 0.05 (?) with them they would have to unVenus 67,200,000 miles 7.4 months 7,701 miles 4.9 (?) 0.81 (?) derstand our language. But our

Earth 92,900,000 miles 1 2 months 7,918 miles 5.53 1.00 tongue would be utterly unknown

Mars 141,500,000 miles 22.6 months 4,339 miles 3.58 0.11 to them. Idle fancy, however, has

Jupiter 483,300,000 miles 11.9 years 88,392 miles 1.25 314.5 been frequently indulged in specuSaturn 886,000,000 miles 29.5 years 74,163 miles 0.63 94.1 lating about the inhabitants of the

Uranus 1,781,900,000 miles 84.0 years 30,193 miles 1.44 14.4 planet Mars. The length of the

Neptune 2,791,600,000 miles 164.8 years 34,823 miles 1.09 16.7 day there is not much different

from that on the earth and its "CROM this table it is seen that may be favorable to life like ours, seasons resemble those of the earth, the planet Venus, twothirds but the surface of Venus no human though the year is nearly twice as the distance of the earth from the eye will ever see because it is enlong. As shown by the table,

sun, is the only planet comparable veloped continuously in an impenMars is about 48 million miles clouds. etrable blanket of fartherin the the earth But (volume than from and density)—

it or there sun. is colder thesize—earth.to Venus some other Conditions Hence than on Venus suppose

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 45

here. By certain methods practiced factors upon which life depends acts as a blanket and keeps the heat

by physicists and astronomers, the equable temperature, light, waterin. The more clouds and watertemperature of heavenly bodies vapor, atmosphere. How sensitive vapor in the air and the greater

may be measured. At noon the we are to changes in temperature! the atmospheric pressure the more

temperature at the equator of Mars effectively the blanket acts. In the

is about 50 degrees Fahrenheit; but spring frosts do not occur on

at falls travelers nights. sunset to Desert this temperature R. F. is cloudy JOSEPH MERRILL

reaches that freezing climbersthe the highly trained of and mountain point and Done know men of about 50 degrees F. below zero at the United States, and the Church is in high elevations where the air is

in fortunate as having him Comlight difference spectroscopic Further,midnight. dry the between and

missioner of Education. studied He

is night temperatures that the the day and air on Marsmethods show in the East, after graduating from is rare, containing very little waterthe University of Utah, and took very great. The sun's rays pass

vapor and only about onesixth the degrees from the University of through a vacuum and all transparoxygen of the earth's atmosphere. Michigan and later from Johns ent media without heating them.

altitudes direct sunWho of us could live in a place so heHopkinshas spentUniversity.five summersIn ataddition,Cornell Thus in high

cold and forbidding where the air and the University of Chicago. Dr. shine is warm but it is cool in the

is so rare and so dry? The giant Merrill was director of the School shade. Where there is no absorption

Jupiter and the three planets beof Mines and Engineering at the U. of the sun's rays there is no heatyond are much less dense than the presentof U. priorposition.to beingFor acallednumberto hisof ing. But the moment the sun goes

earth. Probably like many of the years he was in the presidency of down and heating by absorption

stars and the sun they are not even Granite stake, and is now a member stops, then cooling begins and durthe of all the General Board of Y. M. ing the nightsolid gained heat

I. A. bodies—therefore wholly un- M. lost.inhabitable. the during day be may

have the stars some of"|SjOW, A Digression on Radiation similar to ourssolar systems Life depends upon vegetation. And

hence habitable worlds probably vegetation thrives only between the "THE process of heating and exist in distant parts of the unitemperature limits of 14 to 132 decooling is called radiation. The

verse. But for this view speculagrees Fahrenheit. But in measuring sun sends its energy out into space,

in the form of heat at all, buttion is our defense—we can never temperature the physicist comnot

be certain. Strange, is it not? monly begins at "absolute zero", in the form of waves which pass

Astronomically speaking, the earth a point 459 degrees below the zero out through space with the treis tiniest in speck speed the of miles only mendous 186,285 reascale. the Fahrenheit the of The

science per says If second. yetuniverse are the and it may waves heat this is that for depends son

is changedbe the only known dwelling place upon molecular motion, but this absorbed, their energy into heat and the temperature ofof human beings—of man, whose motion entirely ceases at the

intelligence comprehends the uni- "absolute zero."So, expressing the absorbing medium may rise.

rise. Let us explain.verse which is so vast that it takes on the "absolute"scale the vegetaWe say may

light, traveling at the rate of 6 tion temperature ranges, we have Already we have said that when trillions miles a year, (this distance 473 to 591 degrees, which is only the motion of the molecules of a is called a "lightyear"), hundreds 1 1 per cent, above or below the body ceases there is no heat in the of thousands of years to cross it. average temperature, 532 degrees. body and the temperature hasLet him who questions the power For life to thrive the temperature reached the "absolute zero"—459

of human intelligence study modmust stay within these narrow degrees below the zero of a Weathern astronomy and particularly limits. But what keeps it from er Bureau thermometer. If there

read the story of the discovery of exceeding these limits? Science is molecular motion, then there isthe planet Neptune, the most answers, "the sun, the air and the radiation—waves carrying away

distant member of our solar syswater."If there were no air on energy with the speed of light. If

tem, a member that no naked eye the earth the noonday sun would the body absorbs radiant energy has ever seen because of its distance send the temperature up to the faster than it radiates it, the temand dimness. It was the great boiling point of water, but before perature rises; if slower, the temif the gains andNewton who discovered the key by the next morning it would get perature falls; but

which the mysteries of motions of cold enough to freeze the mercury losses are equal the temperature celestial bodies have been unin the thermometer bulb. But this remains constant. Obviously the

raveled. His tomb in Westminster great change in temperature does higher the temperature of a bodyAbbey, where England buries her not occur. Why? Because of the the faster it radiates—sends out

greatest men, carries this* epitaph: tempering effects of the air and the energycarrying waves. But these

"Mortals, congratulate yourselves watervapor and clouds which it may not be light waves. Indeed

that so great a man has lived for always contains. even the sun's radiation is not all

the honor of the human race."light waves. It contains ultra-

V\ URING the day the atmosphere violet waves—too short to give us; Factors Upon Which Life absorbs some of the heat of the the sensation of light—and infraDepends sun, the amount depending on the red waves—those too long to excite

density and watervapor contents vision. In general the higher the

T\7W HYlife is doesit probablenot existthat onhumanany ofradiatesthe air.out theAfterheatsunsetreceivedthe earthfrom temperaturethe proportionof a ofbodyshort,the orgreaterlightis

other member of the solar system? the sun. But this process of losing producing, waves in its radiation.

The answer will be plain when we heat is more or less slowed up by But let us keep in mind the fact enumerate some of the essential the enveloping atmosphere which that above the "absolute zero"all 46 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

bodies radiate waves, relatively exposed perpendicularly to the dioxide, the waste of animal long ones at low temperatures and sun's rays radiant energy is received breathing, and exhale oxygen, the more and more shorter ones as the at the rate of one and onehalf necessary element inhaled by all heat animals—complementary reciproctemperature rises, so that finally the horsepower—enough to

body may become hot enough to every minute six ounces of water ity, we might call the process.

emit some lightproducing waves to the boiling point. The average

isalong with its invisible radiation. rate for the twenty HTHUS the growth of plants

marvelous but littledue to a is well darkness as of least redhot then at bodyThe hours—periodsas sunshine—is process. chemical Man threeeighths per understood shorter hotter of a horsepower beand will when

waves are radiated. The entire square yard of the earth's surface, with all his learning, cunning, and

radiation from an incandescent or the surprising amount of 1815 skill, cannot yet duplicate the body like the sun consists, therehorse-power per acre. process and there is little hope that

process so. ever shall This do he differentfore, of of waves many is It this radiant energy upon temperature, requires equable an sensalightlengths, giving those is all life depends. Sunshine that dioxide water, sunlight, carbon onetions being very Plants requisite for short—about growth. plant other and and long. inch of anfiftythousandth chemicals—elements aniplants feed animals and and the all factors well But known. all are the or waves short longBut Plants not feed do man. mals to secrets the has process Nature of travel the withof kind and same inthe the in dark. Under grow the locked securely from date kept space. speedthe through same leaves their fluence sunshine of sons. inquisitive her of eyes prying relatively long, waves, veryRadio the gas dioxide from inhale carbon for conditions the know lightof nature We the also ofare with air, combination in which, its all life in for plant and growth speed. the same have andwaves chemicals brought up the water and are hence slow varied forms and we

is sap, conthe the roots by from exists life the believe that where to Plant Growth Radiation and of into compounds complex verted different are greatly than conditions the lifesubstances of return "'O whence from we carbon—the earth. say in here the they are We leaves the Literally then plant.1 energy digressed. radiant The life exist the that therefore on may factory upon chemical are the the Even enormous.of sun is the evening October planet Venus,

Curidepends. all earthlife milis nearly which the 93 earththough star 1931. of 1930, and 1928, On inhale carbon they enough yard ously a squarelion miles on away, to fieryred planet next the Mars,

the earth but on the far side from the sun and the October evening star in 1929 and 1931, some low life may exist. But man Keep on the Way You are Going, forms of

BY JOSEPH S. PEERY wouldtrying certainlyto live there.have a toughThe othertime

solar system do not planets our of the Secretary of Chamber Skinner, A. Mr. D. RECENTLY it. life as support we know a States, to L. D. S. remarked the of United of Commerce

missionary: "Keep on the way you are going. You beat the TX7E have spoken of life "in the

world in turning out more and better leaders."** earth."The reason for this

A lady remarked: "How do you produce such fine, clean will be apparent when it is recalled

young men for missionaries?"The answer is given: 'That is that the atmosphere is a part of the

what this Church does to all who observe its teachings. It earth and one of the elements neuplifts every person who is active."Christ said, 'Ye shall cessary for the existence of life.

know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes of thorns, Some heavenly bodies like the moon

or figs of thistles? Even so every good tree bringeth forth good have no atmosphere because gravity

fruit."there is too low to hold air and

Our young people are taught correct principles from inwater-vapor to the surface. So on

fancy and are given opportunities to apply this knowledge. the moon the temperature difference

They develop through their activities. As they obey and work between midday and midnight is

they grow. They are doing the work given them by the surprisingly great, boiling temperMaster, and he directs them with his spirit. Naturally they atures at noon, but extremely inare enthusiastic because they believe with all their hearts in the tense freezing at midnight, 200 to

thing they are doing, and working thus they are encouraged 300 degrees below zero. Further,

from on high. Joy comes as a reward of their endeavors. the lunar day is nearly 30 times the

Consequently they are earnest salesmen of the divine message. length o ours. Hence there is no

The hearers feel this spirit, and, unless very much prejudiced, life on the moon.

are impressed by it. A lady said, "I am gripped with your Science says there is probably no

message."human life in our solar system exWhy shouldn't this be the case when the Almighty is our cept in the earth. If there is any

leader and teacher? All eternity calls to us: "Keep on with the elsewhere in the universe science can

good work. It means salvation to yourselves and to all who never find it out. But if there is,

hear you."No wonder with such an impulse, such pure these people are not near neighteachings, such opportunities for every member, that leaders bors, for their planet is at least

are produced. Yes, let us keep on the way we are going. It as far away as the nearest fixed

lightyears, or twentyis God's way, and we cannot improve on it. star—four four trillion miles. We shall never

quarrel with them.

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A The first of a series of twelve articles

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah

term philosophy is deis, to that extent, a philosopher. ual philosophy is one that givesTHErived from Greek words This is not to say that the same recognition to the preeminence of

meaning "love of wisdom."person may not also be very practhese phases of civilization and, in

The title philosopher was applied tical. Bergson also says, "We rethis connection, recognizes as the

to leaders of thought among the gard the human intellect * * * 3 most real and enduring aspect of

Greeks as early as 600 B. C. One as relative to the needs of action."the world, of which we are a part,

of the outstanding charlife itself with all that this acteristics of the early Greek implies in its higher ranges philosophers was that they—ideals, conscious purposes,

sought to replace the mythchoice ofends, sympathetic ological explanations of the understanding of the social nature and the origin of the order and its strivings toworld with explanations ward higher goals.

based upon observation and The materialtistic - mereason. This point of view chanistic view on the other

and method has ever since hand starts with basic concharacterized philosophy. ceptions of physical science

Although philosophers may as generally promulgated by indulge freely in speculaSir Isaac Newton, his scientions, their speculations reptific associates, and their resent the outcome of reason successors. This mechanical,

applied to the facts of exrigid, deterministic concepperience. tion of nature is now extendPhilosophy may be deed in materialistic philosfined as an effort, based ophy to include the whole

upon the sum total of huuniverse, even all that has man experience, to underhere been designated as stand the nature and meanspiritual. Thus everything

ing of the world. It is an that is, is reduced to an

effort "to see life steadily aggregate of atoms or neuand to see it whole,"a rons in motion in exact phrase that comes to us from agreement with the same the ancient Greeks and is mechanical laws with which often quoted by contempothe physical sciences deal.

rary writers in both philThe feeling of creative osophy and education. power, choice of ends, and

Metaphysics, the heart of The Author responsibility are thus rephilosophy, is said by Wilduced to mere illusions to be liam James, in his characterdissipated in the light of istic fashion, to mean, "only science. This type of science

spiritual that holds in philosophy term the world of our 'THE attempt obstinate unusuallyan *- is in contrast with the experience used began with nothing consistto think clearly and ently."1 That all intelligent, merely material and mechanical. but matter in motion, some of

seriousminded men and women Our civilization, for instance, has which somehow fell into very comare in some degree metaphysicians accumulated certain material values; plex and intricate aggregations

is evident. In regard to the charsuch as railroads and other means called living creatures, but still

acteristics of intelligence the disof communication, factories, and nothing more than mechanisms to private. public and Thetinguished philosopher, buildings, French be fully explained of the laws by are, civilization spiritual values of says: Bergson,Henri science. physical practical imThe in its great to be found however,

itself "Intellect, alone, indeed, troubles plication of of a adoption such social scientific of bodies and its fain theory; theory about and would world view with its corresponding literature, knowledge, world muembrace inanimate only everything—not of it judgments nature sical a matter, hold, over and has philosophy, human which compositions, and natural2

life but even thought."and is clearly first destiny religion, manifest; developed that have been our

One who thus constructs theory by the labors of many and transconcern, however, is not with its as a the to contribution mitted life consequences its truth or but with Psychology, Briefer Course, p.

spiritgenerations. succeeding 461. of A Henry Co., Holt York. 8 New question basic for falsity. The 2Creative Evolution, p. 160. Henry

? is: Co., Holt philosophy York. Ibid. p. 8 152. New

48 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

of the set C. Otto, that persons mined; M. up purDROFESSOR What is the Ultimate Nature

Wisconsin, of * University to that be realized poses they and of the World? direct and redirect physical energy writes

into activities that bring about

TS it a rigid, mechanistic, materialrealization of these purposes. "In our commendable desire to emulate

and more become method we have istic system, or is it fundamenIs it reasonable to deny these unscientific that no the notion obsessed with more creating selfactive, a living, tally mutilations or distortions matter what energy or system or aggregate of might be necessary, everything must be such energies? studied as we study chemical reactions or

matis profesin subject Differences bodies. falling BENNION, conrational Ml.ILTON does What, then,

difficulties but sor must secondary of philosophy increase and ter our might of expethe facts sideration of all procedure. this of the education and deviate And dean us from School not

rience yield in constructing a theory of Education, University of Utah. this has been a costly error how costly

of the nature of reality? It seems He has been a member of the U. of there is no way of telling. We do indeed

field, in since every at Salt intelligence City disciplined Lake want U that such writer to theevident is necessarintelligence since not dean was disciplined 1913; 1901. faculty and but leads to rejectionconsideration the at form of also the specialized education professor ily identical of with

mechanistic materialism; first, beUniversity of Washington at Seattle, has taken in the physical sciences. Thisit

facts that its recognition cleancut sessions to 1928. He to think 1927, summer attemptcause any step—the

that the method of not method, determine Genappointed was member this conception conclusions logical is life life, is for School not science of Deseret Board Sunday for science—facts, it to eral proves nature of reality theof * * * significance. the greatest in the of member of 1909 and Union

be inconceivable and, therefore, Deseret Gymnasium Board since the The theory that men are machines may even prior to experience, impossible founding of that institution. serve as an illustration. This theory is

as theory; and second, because in He received the degree, Bachelor arrived at by abstracting certain aspects

letting these symand behavior of human Teachers'High Science and of is inthis wholly theoryexperience particular this whole. bolize the When of University Diploma, School facts. the This explainadequate to field not circumscribed is in a applied view Columbia from 1897; Utah, M. A.

is not to deny the existence of University, 1901; has done graduonly is there no harm done, but it may

mechanical forces in nature, to ate work also at the University of prove highly beneficial in various ways:

it of, sight lost its limitations but when, Wisconsin, University of Chicago, to or importance, theirminimize social economic, basis of great the becomes the. California. of University It and sciences. physical the discredit is done the damage political programs, and at the Zealand to went He New 4 the that meto denydoes mean enormous."years three after and, nineteen of age

chanistic conception of nature is of missionary work there, visited adequate to explain the whole of Australia, Ceylon, Egypt, Palestine, And again, he writes:

reality. Because physical energy Italy, Switzerland, Germany, Holand France, EngBelgium, aspects certain select consciously "Men production essential the towas City. via returning of land,land, New York delibact with and their of environment is reaof no Kantthe philosophy pass aspects. to these reference They erate IN (See AMWHO'S WHO philthis that for assumingson other themselves, of value upon judgments ERICA.)

is accounted as guides, thus these wholly with things, andosophy and men, for, however far back through anform plans of action aiming at the realizathe avoidance and particular goods of tion is explanation this ofcestry mode * * * Instead evils. particular or to of experience, of doubted facts that something factcarried. The features these of huignoring of quietly because illusions, them pronounce of an is essential the production to of length to any going or behavior man

activity is no proof that the one is they do not harmonize with untwisting and warping to force them into sole cause of the other, or even that proved presuppositions of any par-'the conceptual scheme adapted to the beof we atoms and molecules, may havior is the that science? Yet ticular the proper all in at cause it is a schemes more conceptual other develop teachers of some view of of point instance, term. that Forsense of facts, doing, the and so to hospitable may

a public in one of science, whom give a purpose being new without swima man cannot and consequence5 to the all that these processes."held recently human of lecture study is, therefore, liquid; in aimmersed

the liquid the sole cause of his conduct must be predetermined in swimming? Is it even the primary a fixed causal series because otherSpeaking further of such an incause, or is it properly a cause at wise there could be no science of vestigator, Dr. Otto says:

exist world the Does psychology. it condition the rather Isall? not

scientific. will he be sense that high "In of science psy- a be that there may not act ofof the swimming? May will William James, agree with he And this it is that possible or chology, the likewise be energyphysical 'is their that need that most what men

a psychologist had particular ventilated, faith broken and should be up the activity, certain ofcondition

Is it not of science? should of science that notion the northwest wind wrongdirection of which is otherwise desickliness their and get into them and blow the to explain of science purpose thetermined? will he away'. But not make dogbarbarism rather than facts of experience

science the reality as pictured by natural 5 universal the to assert matically for model human life."

HTHE presuppositions of some validity of its own presuppositions.

* scientists, working in limited Other sciences, for their particular Henri Bergson expresses the same fields, may lead them to reject this investigations, may have very difthought thus:

view; the facts of experience as a ferent presuppositions. In any case,

inlead to seemwhole, however, sacrifice to the experience cannot "We these presuppositions be should here a system. requirements of conclusion the toevitably why That1 is limited should in their scope and reject radical mechanism."we facts point tosuggested. seem The

with certainty to the theory that always be subject to readjustment while physical energy is consumed to fit facts. In themselves they Things and Ideals, pp. 218219. Henry Co., Holt S New York. necessary nothing, prove however activity, both physicalin human 5Ibid, 221222. pp.

inbe in any particular they may of that the direction mental,and 'Ibid, p. 223

activity may be consciously detervestigation. 'Creative Evolution, p. 39.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 49

'"TO summarize, the mechanistic, ter in the universe has power to of the Law of Conservation of *- materialistic conception of the exert a force or tends to move every Energy; this in recognition of the

nature of reality is inadequate to other particle in the universe but creative powers of energies or subexplain how the world and man has no power of selfmotion. This stances with which physics deals.

came into being, how development is foundational to the mechanisticIt should be recognized that the can take place at all, or how purmaterialistic view of the world or laws of physical science, as we pose in any form can be admitted reality. But the law may as well know them, are creations of the

or realized. Yet man is here in be stated thus: intellect of the scientist as a means

this complex world in which "Every particle of matter in the uniof explaining the facts of nature, purposes, both conscious and unverse moves itself in a way that can be that any such law is properly conscious, are all the time being calculated by the product of the masses meant to explain only one aspect particles of the inversely andrealized. a great as the square of complex, the that and and The intelligence the of distances between them;"

is itself activity all aspurposeful subject to the law change of man are the time extending his control over that is, the assumptions of selfmo- discovery of new facts require such the mechanical forces of nature in tion and creative activity in nature change. This statement is amply

the service of his own ends and are as consistent with the /acts as supported by the history of science.

creative activities. Thus there are is the purely mechanistic assumpScience, like other human producnumerous concrete examples of tion. In case the fact of uniformity tions, is neither final nor infallible.

minds functioning as creative of law in nature is cited as an Scientific theory, especially, is all powers redirecting the mechanical objection to the assumption of the time in course of development.

forces of nature toward consciously selfmotion, it may be answered Properly understood and properly determined ends. Is not this an that there is no reason for assuming used, its utility is beyond question.

indisputable fact of experience? that selfmotion or selfactivity is There is, however, no justification

Does not this fact lend support to generally to be identified with for allowing any scientific theory the theory that the whole of realarbitrary or unpredictable activity. to become a tyrant over the human

ity, including the mechanistic If this were true it would be very intellect.

forces of nature, is the expression unfortunate for human character, life as to of nothing say making creative or having mindsof mind it, then, to T S be that assumed it impossible. experience we now capable of purposeful andpower is reality spiritual, are wholly or genthere be other In words mayactivity? this the outlook From there diverse reality, kinds of two

eral in nature uniformity and both forcesmechanical of nature be may the spiritual? material the and

in selfactiv- conduct with human as servants,regarded the then not this question anHowever be may ity, external as well as with comthe masters of mind. have They it swered, seems evident that reality

creative process, pulsion. The a subordinate important, butan includes conscious both unconand

its in requires very nature however, reality, the in ofplace which whole scious activity, that but where also there shall be innovations that as therefore, regarded funbemay, is it consciousness manifest, tends in nature. innovations do That this spiritual, usingdamentally to control the unconscious. The

is a theory, occur not but merely its philosophical broadest interm is, process control of a however, fact indisputable of an commonmeaning. of matter or development, growth

is observation. borpoint This

is in degrees. manifest varying andQ is itself science besubject Freeeven of the dering upon UT It therefore, seems probable, that

less is mechanistic. dealt in coming to be with The dom, which

are there different not wholly two science recent series. a of physical thistendency of subsequent number

reality, all kinds of rather that but the older notions discardis to of reality has of selfmeasure some recent Einstein discoveries of '"FHE to extension,matter as merely and activity or creative power, that but * indicate Gravithat of the Law therefor asubstitute condynamic it its in is only developed more in less is restatement for tation dueception; identify is to that matter

forms, in reality possibly as a and the latest while form; this mechanical regard to andwith energy

it attains whole, that to the status inMillikan's of announcements itself creative inenergy as having power, a conception by no means vestigations indicate modification of selfconscious creative power.

new in philosophy. Thus even

matter, so called, may not be mereinert,ly mechanical, or wholly Thoughts on Gazing, on the Grandeur its activity. inpredetermined AsMy

suming certain facts of nature exof Bryce Canyon plained by Sir Isaac Newton by the law of gravitation to be beyond O God! How marvelous are thy tuary in bold relief are on every

question, these facts are just as well creations! side.

gaze and on Thy handiwork a accounted Weand reasonably for by hast painted with Thy Thou its feel presence in overwhelmedvery the of stating different mode skill, colors that mighty no human law. As generally given in physics hand can duplicate. with its beauty, and our souls arisethe law reads: and say: O God, who are we that

of blending harmonious The to look upon this we are privileged particle in the universe of matter "Every mortal. shades and hues is beyond glorious sight?attracts particle a force every other with

that varies directly as the product of the With water, wind, and sun, Thou Master Sculptor and dimasses of the particles and inversely as the Thou hast carved from the solid vine painter, Thou Father of us square of the distances between them."rocks temples with grandeur rare all!

This statement of the law seems and castles in their majesty. Mystic—Mrs. W. H. Richards,

to assume that any particle of matforms of ancient columns and staMalad, Idaho.

Union Forever By SUSA YOUNG GATES

it: taken fromTHEpeople'sjoining magazines,of the two youngjust The Journal's Mission and the following paragraph is HPHE part which I played in the "Sister Elmina Taylor called on

now accomplished, is surely A founding of the Young Womme about the joining of the Con- a step in the right direction. There an's Journal has been related in tributor and the Journal. I think

is a profound 'significance in this detail elsewhere and will not be if it can be done on some plan muaction, far deeper than appears on repeated here. However, it may tually agreed upon and mutually

the surface. not be out of place to state that satisfactory, it will be better for

When the M. I. A. organizamy sole motive was to strengthen both in the future from a financial

tions were first projected, an effort the faith of our young women and point of view. For as it is now,

was made to join the two in a increase their devotion to the work those who take the Journal do not single association. But Brigham for which their parents had entake the Contributor and vice versa.

Young, when he learned of the dured so much, and at the same The circulation of both will be conjoint Mutuals which had been time to give them an opportunity increased if made one. But I do

started, one in the 21st ward and to develop later literary gifts. It not advocate the destruction of the

that real pride is with I look back identity to of is, while strongly objected in Logan,one either—that accomplished been has upon what one, be merged into the two that may saying plan, men hadthat

many opportunities of selfexpres- in this respect. Through all the years the sex of each should be preserved.

sion in missions, quorums and of its existence, the Journal has A man and wife are one, yet they public offices generally; while never lost sight of its original purare two."

women had no such chance, and pose. Many people, who have sincewomen didn't in those days, exwon distinction as writers found in Have Women Lost Their

cept through the Relief Society. the Journal their first opportunity Poise

expressing their thoughts of on left were young womenSo the changed. have HTIMES Human this respect the paper. magazine In public their out ownalone to work relationships conditions and a real blessing to them. edproved social religious, andproblems, are chaotic in the today. Women

ucational. Upon learning of the proposed world and here,at home have atof the JourEra and to combination tribute offer a their tained Let majority. of me here Many

letter a written nal, I remembered early those ofthree are young men giddy them with their new pioneering, adventuring days, by President Joseph F. Smith to rights, socalled, and have lost

whose supreme influence, gallant me while I was the editor and virtheir poise and balance.

and courteous appraisal of human tual owner of the last named The occasional strident voices of values and relationships enabled magazine. This communication dominant women in the market

them to sail their experimental ship bears date of September 18, 1896, places of the world betray the fact through many rough waters and that too many of them have inguide the vessel safely over hidden terpreted liberty in terms of license.

reefs and through some threatening <XJUSA YOUNG GATES, a No one can blame them, for many storms; Junius F. Wells, Milton Youngdaughterandof thePresidentdevoted Brighamwife of men, who should be leaders, mor-

H. Hardy and George D. Pyper, Jacob Gates, is the mother of thirally, socially, and religiously have

were eminently qualified to pilot teen children, and all of those now quite stepped out of their sphere, living ability, are of unusual some laid reins the have of and down side side sailing vesseltheir by internationally. of well them known moral, domestic govand spiritual the girls'ship along the filledwith her she mishas own With husband

if ernment. I sometimes wonder sions in She York. and Hawaii New into journalistic waterwaysearly

safe harbor. At the same time that Churchhas representedthree timesthe inwomenEuropeof andthe cataclysmalour own peoplecondition?are free from this

trio of unsurpassed women leaders seven times in the United States at So I welcome this union of jourInternational Conand triNational thecarried young women interests between our voung gresses. years age nalistic fourteen of When danger, seen every pastumphantly I see people. in it growth and the editor of she was assistant COLand unseen: Elmina S. Taylor, LEGE LANTERN, a university opportunities for increased develMaria Y. Dougall and Martha publication, and has been writing opment and hope that our dear

Home Tingey, always under the editorever since.of theForYOUNGeleven yearsWOMAN'Sshe was sisters will avoid the confusion and

wise generalship of Zion's foremost JOURNAL, of which she was the anarchy which will follow a lack women leader, Eliza R. Snow. founder, and eight years editor of of obedience. Our men have ever

the RELIEF SOCIETY MAGAgiven more real freedom of opporfol- besides voyagers youthful she which ZINE, who The has always tunity for individual expression civic in educational active been and after were safe alwayslowed when than has been asked for by the genealogical temple movements, and under the counsel of the presiding work. When "Aunt Susa,"as she women.

Church authorities, no matter how is affectionately called, ceases to be This new united project is both deep the channels nor how lowerictive the end will not be far distant. a prophecy and a testimony. There

ing were the clouds. will be closer contacts, better team

The Improvement Era For November9 1929 51

work and more intelligent progress tured Richard R. Lyman and our doubt persuade him, womanlike,

in every direction. It also demonmagnetic orator, Melvin J. Ballard. that he thought of it all first. At

strates the real harmony that shall These three are not more fitted for the same time Hugh is considerate mark similar efforts to break down their task than are our three Y. L. and will divide honors. But he'd

barriers of selfish sex inhibitions presidents, gifted and thoroughly better watch out. The femaleand to preserve the glorious dual trained Ruth M. Fox, noble and goblins will get him if he doesn't.

relationship which forms the basis beloved Lucy Grant Cannon, and Now, these are all personalities, of all group life and development that dynamo of human energy and I am a woman and therefore love on earth and in heaven. I am not executive power, Clarissa A. personal news and study human

afraid for the future except for Beesley. values from an individual angle

myself and mine. I am tremendous- I have the greatest confidence in rather than as groups or classes.

ly individualistic myself, as are all the editors. Who wouldn't have I defy either editor to change a

natural women, and the one queswhen President Heber J. Grant word of this copy. I advise both

tion I ask of me and mine is: How himself stands at their head? His of you to be mutually good and

shall I, how shall we, daughter and watchful eyes will not overlook mutually unselfish; then naturgranddaughter, measure up to this any necessary change of policy. We ally you may be very happy but not

symbolic companrich. It's only the

ionship? Shall we be selfish, greedy

as loyal, as devoted grafters who get and as true to truth rich, and Jeremiah in this combined says it's only the journalistic interwicked who prosest as when we per. You'll both be

prided ourselves on lonesome. Hence

our sexindepend- Union Forever I ence, our selfex- I conpression in our WHEN newly discovered sider our personalities? present conditions

I ask myself anxConfidence in iously, will my sons and grandthe Future sons recognize the

THE movement subtle menace in * is i n s p i r e d, this new woman's there is no doubt age, and retain about that. Yet I their priestly leadask myself will ership in domestic,

subscriptions be civic, and religious doubled, energies activities, as their be redoubled and fathers and grandshall we all be fathers did? Will

doers of the word, they permit themnot hearers only? selves, through a

Will our strugmistaken mingling gling girl - writers of courtesy and instill keep the flame difference, to take of inspiration second place to burning, when their womenthey find the altar folks? So many

fires directed by a men in this moddual leadership and ern world have the pathways more wishbones instead crowded, the opof backbones. Ask

portunities more men today who is restricted to receive the boss in their their own little contributions? all understand that the details of homes, themselves or their wives,

Creative art is always attended this work must largely be done by and they will counter, a very large with pain and sacrifice, especially others. By inheritance and early number of them, with the joking

so today when there are few who training Hugh J. Cannon should reply, "Well, who is?"If they

care to listen to the less trained be qualified for the place he occuonly knew how women, weak or efforts of amateurs and demand pies, and with him will be associstrong, despise men who lack the finished productions, though they ated that devoted wife and wise strength and power of leadership in come from uninspired sources. mother, Elsie Talmage Brandley, their own homes, men would measAll this I wonder about. Yet I who will fill her new sphere, ure up to their responsibilities. Yes,

rest happily in the inspired Y. M. I prophesy, as nobly as she indeed. Union Forever! Each in

leadership of our three Apostles; did when left alone to do her own his or her own sphere, joined towise and sympathetic George ship piloting. Whatever Hugh may gether when life's adjustments perAlbert Smith, courteous and cullack she will supply and will no mit Conjoint Mutual Work.

What Men Live By A Philosophy of Life hy Dr. Richard Cabot*

Reviewed by ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY

is morbid, scious. Character talks when weTHEcellentbasisandofstimulatingthis most volex- ished,mind andfor theybody,arewhichconcerned with which radiates from the subconume is the theory that life, formindall andtasksbodyshouldin amakehigherus forgetunion areconfidence,silent. notThe bygoodwords,doctorbutwinsby

in order to be complete, and to be than both. his unconscious presence; his

lived combine must methods. preslaborer the typical of The Play, Lovefour phases—Work,abundantly, spirit is the with ent soaked day interare these and Worship;and respect for the his work, of of and Rewards Work another, no onedependent upon works. he materials which with He being by enough ofone them for is deterwork is his industrious, essentially and BAYMENT

itself. being beside work, Work, * other mined some by what is the with absorbed work mind

it play, of elements in havemust the person do same would work protest his js Stoicism in hand. conmust Play worship.love and for. himself cannot be The man fears he sentimentality; against

three, other the andnect with does for that he nobody much worship and paid, flames of love, the so on. faith, and has no sympathy for notices, but there is a spiritual value

talkers, believing that idealism in being paid in cash, for it gives

Work talks about things it never acassurance of usefulness to someone.

complishes. He loves a fight with If a man is paid only in money,

Cabot, to Dr. according benefit is partially the\\70RK, in timhowever, knots the elements—with drudgery, is mere as lost; there be something should ** to many crops, spoils ber, frost which

made worse because if it ceased, aridity of soils, earthquakes, fires well which gives courage and selflife would be more miserable than and other such obstacles. They respect. Gratitude, given or reif it goes on. Work makes up a kindle his fighting spirit and spur ceived, is one of such things. There

large part of many lives, with other his imagination to inventiveness is no nobler art than expressing elements sprinkled in. While it and valor. He does not recognize thanks sincerely. Artists are not

sometimes seems to be a galling the fact that just as great opportusatisfied with the plaudits of a yoke, to which we submit blindly nity for combat is offered by great crowd, or their money. They

or angrily, and with revolt in our stupidity, the franchise, illiteracy, need the heartfelt appreciation of souls, one rarely finds work so etc. a few friends. A sense of someoverwhelming that it crushes out one's need is a most powerful moplay and humor and fellowship. tivation force.

We work because we want the Radiations of Work Success, one of the rewards of ourforce if it brings; weresults It is is of the end. never work, to effort parts are two 'T'HERE for desire any withoutselves along regard -*- value it symonly we when knowingly one which inis it drudgery goal, aattaining—that bolically, as to something a means does, that and consciously and is training to work 'Learningdeed. finer further away. and

imaginations to feel the stimulus of cities as large futures,distant get Play distant fromheat, light and power mountain streams. Work is always A Nineteenth Century C\UR ancestors regarded play asjustified by faith. Solomon a necessary nuisance, but today

is told story following retaking in up almost of considered something 1. HE grim exhilaration—aThere is a queer pleasure to work it is taken seriously. Recreation is

presiformer late Paul Kruger, the feeling our it possible ligious. Is load and to be botha heavy

strength adequate to it. Work disdent of the South African Republic: serious and playful? Yes, for seripels discouragement because it turns A wealthy father left a large landed ousness alone is dull, and should

divided to be estate was which disheartlightness of heart. fromconsciousness away mixed with

sons. his Unbe between two lights be up the equally should of purpose Seriousnessening littleness, and division, line of the agree to able on

world of possible achievement. they appealed to President Kruger. the background for everything, but

Any work which leaves part of He listened to their problem, then in the foreground it quenches anius unused must either be changed asked: mation, vivacity and effort. Many

or supplemented by other activity. "Will you abide by my de-. excellent backgrounds are disasTerms like "physical culture"and cision?"The brothers agreed. trous as foregrounds. We often

"mental training"should be abol- "Well, then, the older brother insult children by imploring them will the property, and divide level of serious to the the to step up his first brother will have younger and a series first of reviews of *The realize should rather adults; we choice."Community studiedarticles be by to

Activity Committees as their reading that adults stepped down when course assignment. thev gave up playfulness. The

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 53

present business of the educacors of sient beauties so vividly that they something of a humbug. If we are

the world is to divorce morality will remain with us. dull and credulous we may in time

from dullness. It should never be Possession decreases value; only come to believe that we fill our

bleak and solemn, and only a great the thing for which one is striving parts well, but if any sense of interest in play can effect the needis truly worthwhile. Precious humor is left, we recognize the fun

ful separation. jewels are not really precious, bein our attempts to be what a procause they can be enjoyed by so fessional title proclaims us to be.

Recreation and Other Arts few. There are jewels, however, In love it is the same. Every

which should be regarded as man suffers from stage fright when thinkers jewels daily of"VTANY life. set a to impersonate a head of precious—the

it notes,"* A where violin Daily jewels are cool jplay of household. The spirit belongs—theare puttingcenterplay

of the garden, and not the weedwater on a hot face, thrush notes comes in to aid the spirit of work bed outlying. To understand God at dawn, swift laughter, lights in and morality. The abilitv to imand enjoy him, we must undereyes or on the street, waves breakpersonate in our own minds everystand the forces of nature he ing into white foam—all these set type of scoundrel or simpleton,

created, and enjoy the world he in motion trains of thought and priest or politician, brings us to gave us. Some rare persons there action which we ourselves cannot the heights of sympathetic intelliare who touch work with magic ignite. A jewellike moment can gence. Impersonation is an art

which turns it to sparkling play. needed to prepare and discipline

These radiant souls turn grey to stubborn individuality for the love gold. An Organ of Organizations and knowledge of all created

things. In and love work and worship It does this mean? HAT

seek for goals; in playwe has organization a and art, meansW that an From the earliest years, imperwe find immediate fruition. publication through which it will sonation is a game we play with

receive official messages to guide girl, in children. "Be a good and

its affairs. of the conducting And

like don't cry.""Behave a man."The Aim of Play instructhrough which not only

tions, council and advice will be re- "Act like a little gentleman."

"DLAY brings its own rewards, ceived, but also encouragement and With such solemn admonitions we* appreciation. need regarded and be not as a bid virtues assume them whether

is to be Era Improvement The to healthmeans morality, and they or not. have them looked for to guidance encourand

these result naturally.though as Priestagement the Impersonation an organ of does not

Cows are means to leather boots hood, the Young Men's and the every phase of life. At our worst,enter

Ladies'these are Mutual ImproveYoung butand gumdrops, not we sink below it; at best, we rise Associations, ment independentthe sole reasons for existthe cow's it. of above education, as a source of informaence. Violin strengthens playing tion. will as be a bugle Era The

finer reends, that but wholesome that gives no "uncertain sound,"Byproducts of Playsult is its as great not as the joy given columns and of will be a means in the process. Play must take its keeping the four fields of activity in 'T'HERE is danger of obscuring preparedness.—the central value of play byplace among other arts, and not be aGeo.constantH. Brimhall.state of

degraded into a medical instruover emphasizing minor issues.

ment. Some of the major arts in Health, grace, and victory are part

America are drama, baseball and sustain long hours of dullness; a of play, but should, not become

dancing, and they are genuine arts, shining moment centers the (meanabnormally prominent.to be placed with the others—liting of a whole month, as a single Games develop the art of taking

erature, music, painting and sculpcadence dominates the development victory and defeat symbolically.

ture. of a symphony. These moments Great values attach to symbols, for

The minor arts are humor and are powerful, for they live, in their they enable us. to say what would

otherwise for be too great us to exofgood good own afterglow. form humor—a press. essence sportsof good Themanners. beauty and Charmshould run like a gold thread Impersonation manship—obedience to rules, ability and a lifefabric. thethrough To sing

significance is mystical at '"THERE cheerful essence the everything to withwork, swing do to beloser—isa modestalsowinner * in playing a game. Think of service, of selfgovernment, good one's preserves soul rhythm,and

from drought. the thrill of being "it". Uniform and spiritual growth.

and insignia are unnecessary, for folk dancing are Pageantry and imagination supplies them. ImLove the of introductionbeginning is in of personation play art and

fine arts and minor arts to each bound up with symbolism, for OVE has many allies. Eleother. They have form, technique symbolism is.,to put new personalmental nature is one; sharing

and beauty, and yet are done in a ity into an object, while imperfatigue, disappointment, surprise, playful spirit by people unused in sonation is putting new personality hunger, joy and good appetite, the fine arts. into a person. gives common interest. In hosWe assume new characters in pitals, those who face terror, disease

The Art of Seeing Beauty every phase of work, love and and death are knit into comrademorality. In medicine, for inship,,like soldiers in a campaign.

"DECAUSE we cannot preserve, stance, a man assumes the role of Playfulness, patriotism, loyalty to *-* as children do, the virgin fresh- a solemn physician, realizing the truth and honor, forge chains of ness of the oftrepeated, we need while that underneath the disguise love between those who share to cultivate the art of seeing tranhe is still a scatterbrained boy, and them.

54 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

Love cannot be measured, for it To pray for specific blessings is understand the whole world, and is an infinite current flowing out to unsound, unless these are for the in work, play, love and worship others. Perfect response in any good of all. Every prayer should we find ways of becoming akin.

human relationship is almost unatbe, "If possible, give me victory; in Work, love and play make, a strong

tainable. To me there is more or any case give me right."team; they brace and reinforce each

else less meaning than you put into other. Yet they leave us rudderless

your joke. I go as far as I can All Together and unsatisfied without worship.

with you, and then faith shoots Each food by which the spirit me the rest of the way. God knows HTHESE four phases of life, while lives makes us hungry for the rest.

what your joke meant to you; he * keeping separate individualities, With them we live abundantly;

knows what it meant to me: In should have unity. To live is to without them, we shrivel and die.

him we meet, and in this consciousness we sympathize. We

laugh, partly at the joke, and partly at nature the good and felTraveler's Opinion of A World mistakes pardonslowship which is determined us conand to make is the "Mormons"at all costs.genial Laughter

the time, in Stuttgart at heldintelligent contagion. an being past summer the DURING his seeing missionaries, and the writer and eminent German double meanings in There are

lecture Morand the on "Utah visited Kruger,everybody's traveler, Dr. Otto must remarks—we installed a loud advertised, exmons"best. and that arepick out the meanings of Utah various parts

In the personality of those we love, pressed his delight in the followspeaker in their hall. They had

we must learn to detect their highing words: "I am thrilled by the tried vainly to see the doctor, with

est possibilities; and without good beauty of Salt Lake City. Your the view of learning whether his

nature there can never be mutual wide streets and fountains are talk would be favorable or otherunderstanding. most attractive and something I wise. By diligent effort they sehave not seen elsewhere."cured a large attendance, feeling

Worship Dr. Kruger had flown from that if an unfavorable report was

Danzig, in Germany, to Marseilles, made, they at least would have \\7EW differingare all pitifullyonly inunexpressed,the means France,this pointvia heBerlinhad andtraveledParis.byFromrail theHowever,last word.there was no need of

we have for setting free flood of and water, visiting Port Said, at refutation. The speaker told of

power within us which pushes ever the mouth of the Suez Canal, Jeruthe miracle which had been for freedom: The craving to sing salem, Bombay, Singapore, differwrought in this land through the

is but a partial and imperfect image ent parts of China and Japan, and industry of the people and the of the craving to pray, which is then across the Pacific to Seattle. blessings of heaven. He was impresent in every person, whether it In Seattle the noted doctor had pressed by the spirit of peace and

be admitted or not. What song is an experience similar to that given contentment which hovered over

to speech, prayer is to song. It is "Mormon"missionaries in times the community.

the supremely personal and direct past by his own country. He was After visiting the Temple Block

utterance for which all creation put "behind the bars"for sixty and listening to the tabernacle orlongs. hours while immigration officials gan, with which he was deeply

Worship is a permanent and ascertained the validity of his passimpressed, he made an effort to necessary privilege of the human port. He took the delay goodgain access to the temple. Adspirit. It renews the soul as sleep naturedly and said he was well mittance of course was denied him.

does the body. treated and actually enjoyed his "I had visited shrines and holy

Worship is the capacity for first experience of being "inside places the world over,"he said, wonder, the element which gives looking out.""and could not believe there was

the spiritual refreshment necessary Dr. Kruger concluded his inone on earth so sacred that a goodto the perpetuation of youth. Like terview with this statement: "I sized tip would not open its doors

beauty, it is a gate through which am glad to find a people here who for me. But I was to learn somewe pass toward action or prayer. teach that it is not good for the thing. In Utah things are differThe power to marvel at beautiful body to drink alcohol, coffee, and ent. I soon found that money

things gives the disenthrallment stimulants, to use tobacco in any has no effect upon the guardians of which makes worship possible; but form, or to eat much meat. I that building."

it must not stupefy. The inspirashould like to see the day come The attentive missionaries

tion which worship gives is a cool when the world will accept this wished that all Germany, indeed silver shock which sends us bounddoctrine."the whole world, could have heard

ing toward some definite and On at least one previous occaDr. Kruger's talk, and especially its

worthy task. sion Dr. Kruger was in Salt Lake, conclusion, when he said someAn average man never feels so and visited other surrounding thing like this: "People may call

small as, when people call him points of interest. He reported this Joseph Smith an impostor and his

great. This mingling of abasevisit in a talk made over the radio successors clever deceivers. They

ment and exaltation gives a new in Stuttgart, Germany, on July may say the Book of Mormon is heaven and new earth. 24, 1927, the eightieth anniver- a fraud. But such statements do

Prayer is the greatest expression sary of the arrival of the pioneers not explain to my satisfaction the of sincerity, and it clarifies thought. in the valley. A conference was miracle of Mormonism."

Of the Y. M. M.I. A. General BoardThe Contributor By JUNIUS F. WELLS

CONTRIBUTOR, contributorsazine publishedand insubscribersthe interestto aofmagtherHEthe first authorised genyoung people of the Territory.

sufficient encourageeral organ of the Mutual class to ment "Secondly.—Ifis given by the Improvement Associations, was fited, I will publishbe bene-a

established in 1879 magazine, octavo size of the first monthly either twentyfour or thirnumber appearing in tytwo pages, once a

October of that year. month,1st, at abeginningprice securingOctoberits

It ran through sevenfinancial success. This

teen volumes, the first magazine will be dispeople's tinctly a young (1879thirteen literperiodical, of such I 1892), of which their talent as ary merit was nominal editor. can make it, and whose

Its origin and purpose general tone will be pure, are set out in a corresprovementrefined; tendingand elevationto impondence with Presiin thought and in all our

dent John Taylor, intercourse; devoted to the

President of the Quoculture of the youth, and rum of the Twelve, theacter cultivationand sound ofdoctrinecharthe presiding authoramong them.

ity in the Church af- "I believe we have a ter the death of Presdistinct and legitimate field in which to operate, doident Brigham Young ing good to ourselves in 1877; and in the without infringing on the

Salutatory of the first rights* * of* any one.

number. "Hoping this will reof beginning I early consideration, amTHE ceive your favorable and the Y. M. M. I. yours respectfully in the

A., it will be rememGospel of peace.

bered, was in the or- "Junius F. Wells."

ganization of an association in reply I received the follow- N with ward, Thirteenththe ing extract the Record from 10, *J"June members,eighteen 1875. By the end of 1876, of the Apostles:

there were over a hundred assoJunius F. Wells "Letter of Elder Junius F. Wells read,ciations with 2300 members. On in which he proposed to establish a

December 8, 1876, a Central "The object of this extensive organizamonthly magazine, as the organ of the

Committee was organized to take tion is, to introduce to our young men an young people's Mutual Improvement Asintellectual religious exersociations. of order and Associaof the overchargegeneral

to a knowledge cises secure will that them the proposition made "On motion, by with met Committeetions. This possession in them of the Truth, and put letBrother the Wells in abovementioned

many difficulties and discourageof the evidences to advocate and defend ter was unanimously approved of."

ments until April 6, 1880, when it. * * *

solidity gain that thoughts "Realizinga Superintendency was General being given thus PERMISSION to effort express the and from volume First Presidency thenominated by the authorities, I became by encouraged concisely, been have them we charge. took andof the Church the during and summer of active in the to paper form put them upon

Following are extracts from my essays, compositions and contributions to autumn, soliciting subscriptions letter respecting the above, of June manuscript and printed papers. * * * and advertisements; deciding upon

disposition to and the ability That full will letter in4, 1879. This size write the the name, of and style magconfident, is becoming more and growing the of 28be found in Volume its azine arranging for publiand several efforts in in the is evidenced made

Improvement Era, September, counties to publish periodicals, and their cation with the Deseret News 1925, pages 10691070: literary success has been acknowledged; Company. In the first number I

published notably with the Amateur, in did my first proofreading. have They, however, County. "June 4th, 1879. Weber

financially the to unsuccessful owing President John Taylor and Counbeen"To * county. circulation of a single limited cil * Salutation of Apostles:

"Since the commencement of our or- "The encouragement I have received ganization, four years ago, associations from those most interested in mutual im- "The need for a general representative have been formed very extensively. Our provement supports me in asking your publication designed expressly in the inlast report shows twenty stake organizasanction and approval of the following terests of the Young Men's and Young

tions, two hundred and thirtynine assopropositions: Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations

a a ciations, for one. has the than been long time propose during growing membership with a summer of more

* * are interested All the for welfare in of canvass * to "First.—Ivisit the associations hundred. nine thousand and two who

56 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

our organizations realize this fact. * * * lected poetry, there were poems by dation of the manuals was laid in

expressions the thoughts and "That of Emmeline B. Wells, O. F. Whitthis service, chiefly by the devoted,

the will Territory people of the young be interesting to their companions, and ney, Eliza R. Snow, George Manintelligent labors of Elders M. H.

that in writing for the press their thoughts waring, Augusta Joyce Crocheron, Hardy and George H. Brimhall,

will gain volume and solidity seems rea- H. W. Naisbitt, L. M. Hewlings, who prepared the Scripture and

a sufficientsonable, for publiand cause J. L. Townsend, and B. Goddard. Historical Analyses and lessons,

reaIt is for this to them.cation devoted

son and because the growth and prosperity "History of the General Organizaand the outline programs.

of our organizations require it that we tion,"by M. H. Hardy, ran The second volume, 188081,

a periodical to publishhave undertaken three numbers; through and under increased the addition of was by

associations, will represent thethat and the In- "Association standing head ninetysix (there pages were but literary the fosterthat will encourage and telligence,"reports of appeared first the in the volume) 288 andtalent their of members.

"This is the mission of The Contribuquarterly and semiannual conferpage was somewhat enlarged, addtor, the name of which has been chosen ences; suggestions of the Apostles; ing practically a hundred pages of

that it might say to every young man and address of the General Superintenreading matter. With the fourth

people, havevery lady our among young dency; a further to enlargement statistical report, notes and volume * * * ability, write. tasteing literary and notices. it was made, 480 pages at which

remained until Volume 13, which effort to Conmake TheV/f Y editorials supplemented Ascontained 568 pages.* * of tributor a magazine good Intelligence, HTHE-*- sociation with

the alsoliterary to have quality was of concerning matter meetconduct serials principal of Volume HTHE suppleeverycontents of number labors, ings, Scripture missionary follow: * 2 the "Mexico and exof the order support andment libraries, etc. readings, were There Mexicans,"Thatcher, Moses by meetings for theercises prescribed in handbooks, nor manuals no series a also five wrote of on who there hence Associations; theof Associations days, the those and 'Historical Evidences of Divine scientific, doctrinal, a requiredwas instructed through were mainly the Origin of Book of Mormon;"article, and biographicalhistorical,

one, at least, of superior literary these departments, which continued "Chronicles of Utah,"by Prof.

value, in each issue. A brief review to be the especial feature of the Joseph L. Barfoot (Beta), which

of the index of each volume would magazine, as an administrative were continued in two numbers of indicate how remarkably successful officer of the Associations, for at Volume 3. This invaluable series

we were. least twelve volumes. The founwas the forerunner of a series enIn Volume One, 1879titled "Historical Rec80: "Confidence,"by ord,"in Volume 6,

Moses Thatcher, ran Vol. II. OCTOBER. 1880. No 188485, by Andrew

through eight numbers; Jenson, before he began

"Character Sketches,"by The Glory of Cod is fittclligcnrp. the publication of his

Karl G. Maeser, four; magazine bearing that

"Eminent Women,"by title. Elder C. W. PenEmmeline B. Wells (AmTHE rose wrote for this volethyst) and "Felicia Heume "Leaves from the

mans,"by Maria M. Tree of Life,"twelve

Miller, two each numbers. This series became the celebrated tract"Home,"by John T. CONTRIBUTOR.

Caine, Jr., five; "Lesser of which many thousand

Lights of the Book of copies have been printed.

Mormon,"by George A MONTHLY MAGAZINE "Nephite Apostles"and

Reynolds, nine; "Educa- "N e p h i t e s under the

tional,"by O. H. Riggs, REPRESENTING THE Judges,"George Reyfive; "Scientific,"by J. B. nolds; "Travels in ItToronto (Quebec), nine: YOUNG MEN'S AND YOUNG LADIES'MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATION'S aly,"twelve numbers,

"Bits of Travel,"by the OF THE LATTERDAY SAINTS. De Vallibus; "The UniEditor (De Valjibus) versity of Utah,"R. W.

twelve; "Musical,""The Sloan; "The Brigham

Nauvoo Brass Band"and Young Academy-"J. E.

"Dominico Ballo,"by EDITED AND PUBLISHED BY JUNIUS F. WECLS. Talmage.

H. G. Whitney; "The

Warfare Then and AMONG new contribNow,"by B. H. Roberts utors Volume 2 con-

(his first contribution in SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH tained the names of Edprinter's ink); the marOFFICE: 15 EAST TEMPLE STREET, FIBST DOOR NORTH OF Z C. M. I. ward H. Anderson with

tyrdom of Elder Joseph his beautiful poem, "A

Standing and erection of River's Love,"and othTui-.mv Copies, in Single CfsIS ers; Advance. Jr., Ykar, A DOLLARS Tanner, the N.a As-—Two by monument

.1 chili for ruKlreceive extra of will copy. an getting'up clubs TEN Associations TERMSRates:—Clum Joseph in his (Bepsociations A. Smith honor for of club TWFNTY-FlVfc, given; and will a bound, be handsomely of One, FIFTEEN, Volume

for benefit the rates will are given. These bindings in be uniform Two, O.NK Volume and Volume po) with "Devotional space; editorialoccupied their to clubs, according mem10 immediately form officers requested are Associations, the and of

in first the of the Libraries, volumes CONTRIUUTOR, two Association their for Literature,"bership, secure and his and some Reand"Mahomet for pric<: sale of copies One, preserved. Bound be VOLUME always that elegant form, an can scholarly translations; threeligion"other I* City, and Utah. Salt Lake Box F. O. 305, Wells, Address: 32.50. Junius

capital papers by Richard Remittances ik,inll be mjdl by P O. Monty Order >r Registered Letter Talula Young (Viva)

W. Young. Besides sewith "Studies of Bacon,

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 57

Chaucer, Spencer;"John Q. CanGeorge Kennan to Siberia, though

course in extent exand at minute of Well (Jaquce) "Spoutingnon, has traveled F. WELLS travels proRoberts'Elder in SusaKane;"Young Gates JUNIUSextensively in Europe pense. America and

"Homespun Talk;"Z. Ballantyne, and has met many men of national duced serially, "Missouri Persecu-

"Spartan Discipline;"Thos. Y. and international prominence. In tions,""Rise and Fall of Nauvoo,"

travels all has his always he J. photoengrav- incomparable First been with Crusade;"Stanford, "The representamissionary, worthy a a together ings of scenes and places, Silent Recorder;"Keeler,B. "The greatest tive of the Church. The

Wm, W. Taylor, "The Scientific honor that ever came to him was with "A New Witness for God,"

Test."Beautiful poems were conwhen President Brigham Young which were republished in large

to the organize appointed him Young books. editions as bound Hilltributed Woodmanby Emily

AssociImprovement Mutual Men's see, Naisbitt, All- R. Henry W. presation. that the time to From indulging that wonder

selectionsdridge; Bryant, from and associated closely has he ent been of exextravagance such T\ Oinyou Longfellow. still is I.Leigh activities and Hunt and with A. M. local pense, subscrip- a only with

the General Board. of ad- a member had HunterBishop Edward A list advertising to tion meagre and

well genial, courteous, informed the to embellishmonished me father that upon, depend my thinker, original he "goes an man, selections choice withmagazine said to me: should have day one doing about good."J. poets. great B.from the are that to looks swing- "It you me

as regular (Quebec) wasToronto tail cat cat the the a ing and by in threeas volumes the months tail the bigger getting and fine keeps Grant, Jedediah with M. articles so reand scientific hiswith if I believe, you, I were slimmer. large portraits. steelengraved told. plainly Aliable and

let Father,"go.""But I would steel President Brigof engraving

if I I "It's cat do, and, replied, my 3, 188182, as given a premiVolume was YoungT\7ITH ham it kill cat."the will afraid I'm ** series first the of the appeared lithyear a splendid and um one

I to the time had came when of the Writingsof "Sermons as Well and of Joseph ograph Smith

Prophets,"including a biographLieutenant General of the Nauvoo let go; but I thought provision was

it was,ical sketch of Joseph Smith, and Legion, mounted on his celebrated made against disaster. And

steel engraved portraits of himself war horse, "Joe Duncan."Premihad not the accumulated burden of

and Hyrum. These sermons were ums of books for libraries, runmultifarious duties and labors been

carefully selected from the "Times ning from a single volume up to too heavy for the stalwart shoulbeloved, ders lamented of the Eider certain the agandand Seasons,"ones hundreds of volumes—in Cannon, upon whose H. Abraham Wilford of Elder the journals of gregate laying the foundationfrom

Woodruff which had not previover a hundred libraries in Associdecease The Contributor, having ously been published. I had ocations competing for them. Having continued four years, to the end of

casion to consult President John begun in the third volume to proVolume 17, 1896, at length sucTaylor about the authorship of vide illustrations, the following cumbed.

certain of them. He was highly ten volumes contained 24 fullpage T T was remarked to me one day

interested in their republication. He steel and 16 photoengraved por- * not so long ago, by the late

told me he read every number of traits, 48 photoengravings of hisElder J. M. Tanner, a voluminous

the magazine. I recall also a comtoric scenes, temples, public buildwriter for the magazine, that he

plimentary note about this time ings and residences, and 269 cuts believed my memory would survive from Professor Barfoot, whose in the text, besides 12 ornamental longer and be more highly esteemed praise was praise indeed. He said: initials from drawings by Harfor the encouragement and help I

"The Contributor is the Addisonwood for the Nauvoo Legion had given to local writers in the ian publication of Zion. I am series. promotion of a meritorious home

highly delighted with it."literature than for any other service

spon- I felt life. CONTRIBUTOR complimented of by my serials. three were "The'T'HERE THE"* oratorical sored musical and this observation and from * him ChronolAncient Government contests in giving Tabernacle, the is a It surprised. indeed much the and of Hindoos"ogy and Laws prizes of dolof hundreds money I reflection, as the pleasant review Castes"andpapers "Impure on lars to the Nearly winners. twenty I edited that twelve volumes India,"of by"Brahmins Wm. these in entered of one were bands find the thirteen to nominally, to DenTripFotheringham; "A solos, contests; vocal primitive and writers, nearly of over 300 names Vallibus andmark,""The De by duets, to quartettes choruses and up all personally and by me known the Editor War,"by CanyonEcho a voices. Prof. hundred Evan I enmutually with had whom in twelve numbers ran (Vaux) introduced Stephens humorme least correspondence. couraging At in supplemented Volume wasand the Davies, ously to Joseph Dr. first their apthese half of made Narrative;"Smith's 4 "Lot by as the "Father Adjudicator, Welch print in in Contribpearance The Christian and Polygamy"Mormon of Eisteddfod."the Utah utor. for the have written Others Thatcher. Moses byMonogamy,"Money prizes and valuable gold Millennial Star and the Juvenile

C PACE here will not permit purmedals were given for Christmas Instructor. A few could not be

* suance of The Contributor's stories and poems, bringing out in called local writers; but, with this

contents in this manner through the the contests some splendid compoexception, the contributions of all succeeding volumes, gratifying as it sitions in prose and poetry. gave the magazine its name and

would be to its old editor; nor is I regarded sending Elder B. H. character as a magazine of original

there room for the bare mention of Roberts, with a camera, on the home literature, published for the scores of beloved names of writers back track of the Church's travels encouragement of the talent and for its columns. There were serias equal in journalistic enterprise culture of the young men and

al biographies of George A. Smith to that of The Century sending women of Zion.

Spawners By IVY WILLIAMS STONE

yards. The creek complained in the gentle, mild

was bone dry. Not voice which had characterized all

even water to her patient years. "Somehow the

dampen the cobstove don't draw today."

bles which dazzled "Too hot,"replied John. "Air's

one's eyes in the too heavy. We're due for a storm.

white heat. Never mind the biscuits, Mother.

Seems like it's most too hot to eat anyhow."T)HE sky was "Go set on the front porch a darkening off eastminute or so,"suggested Amelia.

ward, behind the "You'll feel more like eatin'when peaks. A suggesyou cool off. I'll quicken the fire

tive, heavy cloud with kindling."

was slowly enveloping them, softening their rugged J OHN GIBBY passed through outlines. John the dining room, cool and half

Gibby glanced dark. It would be pleasant to eat

with tired satisfacin there, but it was such a bother, tion toward the now the children were all away.

neatly topped The big table seemed to beckon

its filledLITTLE beads of perspiration stacks of timothy. Lucky he was him, recalling the days when they ample had threatfinishing haying, rain with sides—Amelia trickled John Gibby's down Eight six kiddies. the and he ening. turned sighed and He the face as he unharnessed chairs. His throat r—-eightand It plates gratefully house. the toward

horses and turned their heads towas a good house, three bricks tightened as he visioned the day ward the barns. He loosened the thick, the sort of house that was when there were only seven plates.

neck of his blue shirt and shook always cool in summer, warm in That day when Jimmy, of the the timothy chaff, but it did not winter. John Gibby felt tired. It weak heart, needed a plate no

seven spread the longer. had They in loose.fall Instead, a it formed sumhot hot had been day—a like look wouldn't so it out It plates old. getting mer. be of his ridges must in the creases Hedamp

neck, and lay in moist clusters on had seemed hard, topping that last one was missing.

the east and faced house The it done. stack. glad was was He straps. overallhis shoulders and

still. cooler There living was room let the shouldn't've he hay Guessed forehead an his with moppedHe sent had radio Albert the stood after dinner. Finishing go hands as handkerchief overtaxedalready cuts ivory the and Chicago from easy. so like a alone that wasn't job fields, his toward glancedhe down in studio her sent Elsie from had satisfied to If Leslie been only had

last then of hay, load thecleared of of Henry's Pictures York. New glanced stay work. and He home

back toward the canyon or Draw. again toward the lowering clouds twins smiled at him from the

It was an odd canyon. He'd heard and the defiant peaks, then quickpiano. Cute kids, firstborn grandfolks say so often. Spreading out ened his step. Amelia would be children. We wished there were

into the valley by means of rolling, waiting supper. more grandchildren, living closer,

serviceberry covered hills, it so they could run in often.

changed abruptly and rose skyward in rugged, bare peaks. Three stark, H].E washed in the little tin basin

defiant peakschallenging, unconon the back porch and combed his I N the restful shade of the front quered. Their north sides held the hair before the tiny wall mirror. porch John Gibby relaxed and

snow banks which all summer fed No need to make extra work for smiled, and reached into his hip the little creek that zigzagged Amelia by mussing up the bathpocket for a pamphlet which the through the Gibby farm. It had room. If Viola were home for the visiting scientist down at the sumbeen like a bank account, that summer, instead of going off to mer hotel had given him. Nice

creek. Had never failed before. In summer school, it wouldn't make fellow, but queer.

all the forty years John Gibby so much difference. The square The book was a story of salmon

a fish story. That mancould remember farming, first helpkitchen table, once ridiculously—must be

ing his father and later for himself, small for their family, was now set had come all the way from Boston the creek had never quite dried up for two. Amelia was peering into to study rocks and mountains.

before. Now, however, there was the oven, her brows puckered in Seemed as though the canyon, their

no need for the footbridge which disapproval. little old canyon, was just the

connected the house path and barn- "The biscuits don't brown,"she thing he'd been hunting. The way

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 59

the rocks were piled up meant time to have it, though. And Viclosed. They would enjoy the

something special. A fault; that ola's school will be out sooner than cool room as they read. They

was the word. A fault in the she expected. She'll be home next would reread the letters and learn

earth's crust. He knew all about week."more about fish. John liked to

fish, too, that chap. Must have "I been readin''bout some fish study living things. He ought to

studied a lot. that always go home to roost,"rest more. He liked to fish too.

John Gibby read on in the bantered John, reaching for his She stacked the dishes in the sink, pamphlet, engrossed in the story. spectacles. set out one lone milk pan and a

Seemed there was a certain kind "Fish? To roost?"repeated strainer. No need for the separatorof salmon that hatched, made its Amelia incredulously. "Why—any more. They only kept old

way clear out to sea, and then re- "Well, they swim home. Bess because John liked clotted

turned to its native stream to They're a certain breed of salmon,"cream on his mush.

spawn and die. Some of them had he explained, smiling at her astonbeen known to leap falls eight and ishment. "No matter how tiny

ten feet high. They had been the stream nor how far saway they A;S she turned the hot water over

bruised and hurt, but always they swim, they go home to spawn and the dishes, Amelia was aware of a of queer rumble die."the later to reach the stream,managed thunder—distant,

, quivering, folvibrant and stream,very identical in which would get lost. I don't yet "Theythey were born. Queer things! believe—lowed by quickening twilight. She

"Them fish got some sense,""But they don't get lost,"perhoped John would hurry. A

mused John Gibby. "Home again sisted John. "The men who work thorough soaking might start his

for them all, after their wanderon this kind of things mark the rheumatism again. Even as she

ings."small fish and they keep tab, and glanced anxiously toward the barn,

it's been proved the fish always go the rain came. No gentle shower

back."this; but a steady sudden downfall.

1 HE long, slanting rays of the "Why, persisted Amelia, "WaDrip, drip. No wind. Just rain,

August sun danced on the dustcov- ter is water anywhere, it seems to ceaseless, persistent, as if angered at ered limbs of the blue spruce which me, delay. Amelia turned on the lights

spread wide branches over the "And home is home,"countered to finish her dishes, but as she lawn. John Gibby. "They got sense wiped out the sink there came a

"I'll have to dig that tree out them fish. Sense enough to go terrific burst of sound, as though a

of there one of these days,"conhome after their wanderings. Maythousand giants had loosed their

tinued the man musingly. "It's be, someday, after they've tried anger over the valley. A prolonged

getting too big. Killing the lawn."their wings, our minnows will sound, which rattled the windows

But even as he voiced his threat, come back home. Maybe Leslie and made the ground quiver. To

he knew it would never be fulwill be willing to try his college Amelia it was surely peculiar thunfilled. The lawn had no possible farm notions on the old homeder. Then other sounds, rushing

chance within the radius of the stead."winds, snapping trees. Sounds

low, thick branches. But Jimmie constantly nearer and louder,

had sat under its perfumed shade frightful sounds, uncanny because for long hours, whittling the Hi.E finished another biscuit and unknown. Wishing John would

wooden chains which filled his started out for the barn. Only the hurry, she turned toward the

days of enforced quiet. two horses to feed, only one cow to porch, just as the house was struck

milk. "Hurry with your work, by some unseen, horrible force,

as I finish as soon Mother, and as brick treated the sturdy which the hot, kitchen but was 1 HE we'll read 'bout more some them of it if crash a toy. cheap were Abiscuits the were meal browned and fish. interestin'."Mighty glass, a obheavy, and unknown

felt betgood.was John Gibby turned to ject closed dining the and Amelia nodded struck room

ter. splitbegan, hot,""Sure he

tasks. the kitchen keep her creaked grated, and door, rumbled, Toting biscuits a to of the one admit sure cooler she front transfixed rooms made with stopped. Amelia, thethick of butter. wedge "Glad the the to dining fear, a was door of water room stream tiny sawhayin's done."

door. the to ooze under akept should the men to begin "You gray, then water, brown, Grimy longer,"help admonished you

Amelia. "You ain't so young now. I VY WILLIAMS STONE is one charged with a heavy deposit. The

Toppin'a stack like that is some of the writers of Utah who has long tiny stream spread out slowly but the outstanding. as been regarded gathered Her surely. around Jtjob."in the appearance "Young a near settled legs, in pool stove

it's sighed "Well, done,"John. in Journal"Was 1917, firstYOman's floor low. the the sink was where

the in story with rain,""Somewhere the I beat he beamed."And

feet were her conscious She became variety of charming a and tryin'I ain't "Well, glad I'm flickered lights fact and bethat wet. the to France"poetry. she From The

make butter these days,"added gan in volume 28 as "Ivy Wildied; the house trembled again.

as "ItAmelia. liams""Stone", just wouldn't come ended and of darkness the confusion we Amid that she that conclude married was like this."a dayon partitions, protesting Amelia and is five the of mother year. She now letters?""Any felt to the porch. experiences children She her the of family and way

life have only added to the strength climbed to the wash bench and there upon the wide mouthHi.ENRY'S boys has got chickenandpromisedinteresta ofserialher storywriting.in theSheeeryhas from

pox."Even as she produced the near future which assures "Era"of the old separator which was

letters for him to read, Amelia readers of something unusually fine. firmly screwed to the floor boards.

poured forth their contents. "Good In the erratic flashes of lightning

60 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

she saw the creek bed change to a beneath its coat of slimy water.

raging stream. Turbulent, angry HI Unseen Power that rules The garage, built on the slope of

waters rushed by, carrying rocks and controls the destinies of the the hill, was entirely buried.

children teach earth; the of symgrated,that me clashed broke. and his the devastation of Viewing

life that so of nature phony my that were theRocks swept on by fields, and home Gibby John in be tune Thine. with may little of othersimpetus behind; hopelessly the looked toward up to being the Reveal joy of me

rocks, big rocks, huge boulders. loving, selfsacrificing and charitacanyon and the peaks. "It will

The lightning revealed the water ble. kill Amelia,"he muttered. "Her

play life's Teach me to know and creepingslowly over but steadily all Babies born here. fortitude courage, with game and home. door. of the kitchenthe threshold his last Jimmie spent unsummer confidence.

It came around the legs of the wash Endow me with wisdom to guard der that spruce. Funny 'bout them

stand, covered the base of her iron my tongue and temper, and learn peaks,"he continued to the neighthe patience art with of ruling in theperch. yard, crash front my A left never bors him. "That who

life its highest for good, with own the portion of top belovedand the to said the hotel fellow down for regard the rights privacy, due theblue spruce into rushtoppled * a catch burst they'd cloud some * * lives. limitations of other and

ing waters and dashed past, its If in life's battle I am wounded day."He glanced again toward

gesticulating or tottering,branches bobbing and into pour wounds my faint, scar fresh peaks. the on A

the hope, of balm and imbue melike a ship in distress. A lantern nearest the face of the the marked with courage to arise undaunted andflickered creek; across the then made source desolation the of which had the continue "The strife.—From circles.frantic Amelia John knew deep, cut a narrow, path but Optimist's Prayer,"down J. William by

was signaling her for some sign Robinson. the valley.

of safety. But she could give no

answer. desolation. Willing hands tore JNEWS of the freak storm spread

planks from the barn for a bridge rapidly. The scientist from the

Jf EAR of the unknown kept her over the creek. While the darkness summer hotel rejoiced that he was

confined to the cramped safety of had been full of unknown fear, present to study the causes, to inthe separator mouth. Presently daylight brought grim realization. spect the results, to seek freshly rejoined solitary themore lanterns for stratas, to find specimens vealed carpet of rocks sticks and water, A

file in precisebeacon, moved from his laboratory. metropolitan The debris and mountain spread out

the barn to the edge of the swollen over the meadows. Pulverized dailies featured the story. Phocreek. More rocks tumbled and rock, forming into crude but solid tographers came to get views of

rolled. More trees were pushed cement, had settled over the floor, the wrecked home and photographs

helplessly along. More rain, steady, hopelessly embedding all the furniof the woman so miraculously

monotonous. The lanterns flickture. Tiny pebbles to huge boulsaved from death. Feature writers

ered back and forth, continued to ders had, taken up new resting came to interview John and

It in circles. was uselesswave offer their plans, to to ask Amelia, to places the farm. on timothy The

call out; all other were lost sounds the of suggestions. governor stacks The of were gone remnants and

terrificin the crash of wind relief to a reimstarted fund scattered the over were and them now state rain. give signal. could She no far as possible, as aged an burse, fields. useless wall, rock The

sit her in could only crampedShe all lost their had couple the before night who been which had but safe refuge and catch flitting heavy with promise of grapes, was through an act of Providence.

glimpses of the cataclysm going on buried in debris. Even as her resabout her. She thought of earthcuers lifted her numbed and stifquakes, followed but they were by hystericrushed home, her perch, iron from fened body V]IOLA

she glimpsed when fire. Then parents ally rejoicing were that her eyes scene in the of a Amelia's took

mountain pine being dragged and desolation. safe. Telegrams from the absent

pushed and jostled along the "It will kill John,"she muttered children arrived. Close on the heels

stream, widening she knew. air- A his message, Albert came by of to the kindly neighbors were who

the struck burstcloud peaks had Leslie came Chicago. plane from all solicitude. Gibby, John And

their debris of rock tons andand state's farm, experiment the from face his conthe relax slow to grim were pouring down the creek chantrol with which he had expected to full of suggestions, eager to explain nel and spreading out over John's meet death, tramped laboriously the futility of reclamation. Housed

fertile fields. Numbed with cold, through the mire that enveloped his by a neighbor, wearing borrowed

she the tedicould while wait only lived Amelia clothing, and John vestige the blue of home. No darkness dragged of by. hoursous as if entranced. following week the visible. even spruce was A huge

*rain darkness, and and andWind care the farm, "I don't about the passed boulder through had flickering lanterns. At least, John front window, lifted the dining Dad,"Leslie explained for the

must be safe. The lanterns moved table on edge and braced it against fiftieth time. "It's gone. No

rapidly from barn to creek bank, the door that led to the kitchen. amount of money or work could

and back to the barn. Amelia folThe piano and radio were half reclaim it. The soil is buried unlowed their line of march until her buried in the soft, spongy cement der rock. You and Ma—

eyes ached. not John must

first entire floor. try to that covered the Chitaking back to them "I'm

cross; folly, be madness. it would partitions Albert. to the brick interrupted cago But thanks with me,"

and the threebrick walls the house "I need a cook. Ma. I've got the

ITH the coming of dawn the structure had held. The old oak cutest little kitchenette you ever rainsW ceased, the waters abated and table had saved Amelia's life. The saw. Easy too. Gas stove, Ma.

daylight broke on a scene of calm kitchen stove was already rusting No ashes—no smoke—no wood

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 61

to worry about. You'll like it. by. "I wish the blue spruce hadn't natural pathway. Being located

Dad can just read and wander gone."at the base of the draw, you simply

round the town.""Seems like I can see little Jimmy can't miss it. It may be another

'They'll feel better living with lying under it, even now,"Amelia hundred years before another such us,"suggested Henry. "The twins brushed a persistent tear with a event, maybe only another week.

will take up Mother's time. The toilhardened hand. We cannot tell."

thin one looks like Jimmy, too, 'You can get them full grown "We three are leaving for New

Mother."now, Mother. They move 'em in York as soon as we can secure res-

"My father and I built that the winter, with soil frozen round ervations."Viola intended to sirock wall,"recalled John Gibby. the roots. I'll get you another."lence all further protests.

"I remember a stone mason from "O Mother, quit talking about "We should worry about future

England said he couldn't have done the old farm,"cried Viola. "Just cloudbursts,"added Henry. "Dad

better. Little Jimmy helped me think, in another week we can be and Mother are leaving here to

plant the grape vine on the south selecting new clothes on Fifth make their home with us."

side of it. At least he thought he Avenue.""We're staying on, Amelia and

was helping,"he added. "There me,"announced John Gibby with

was a good crop coming up, too."exasperating calm. "We're spawn-

"I had a hundred glasses of rasp- A-lT this point the scientist, ers.

berry jam in the cellar,"Amelia weary and begrimed from his hike, "It's a menace,"warned the explained in her patient, slow stopped to explain his findings. scientist.

tones. "Seems like I couldn't learn "It's remarkable, Mr. Gibby. "It's darned stubbornness,"perto cut down. sisted Leslie. clearly remarkable. Always canning too Simply "They'll Most kill themfruit."much selves working defined fault get it has been and wpn't good my

"Forget it! Ancient history!"fortune to observe. Those peaks, anywhere, either."

cried Leslie, weary and taut from too. Their tops rise high above

reiterated explanations. "It's gone

line. the timber are comThey that. tellI that's you, Talkand reached into the GIBBY OHN soil. J shale of rock, and loose

it doesn't any. help overallsing of pocket about You posed the borrowed

serve as a barrier and pulled out a pamphlet. Somewere too old to farm anyway. I No roots to

almost believe it was a blessing in against washes. It may happen of the leaves were glued together

disguise. Now you both come live again."with the grime of that dreadful

with me at the experiment farm "Guess maybe that was an old night, and the whole was soiled

I cleared and rumpled. But the leaves whichand watch modern methods. Not cloudburst my father and

a horse on the place, Dad."off the farm,"observed John told the tale of the faithful fish had

separated been and carefully Gibby.

all three to going "We're New out. smoothed doubt the about it"added "No year,"a Vifor announcedYork

little this "Saved from book scientist. my climatic "Whenever positiveness youth. the ofola with set clothes old before they with conditions as last combine they did price of the telegraphed"Elsie grinned cement,"Gibby. John it night, will again,"happen he relieftickets. the fund we With the light achieveof visioned With

is continued. in the "Your farm style."live incan in his eyes faded blue he ran ment

"My father got this farm a forefinger under certain lines of through squatter's rights. He was print and announced.

one of the first men to come into He Understood His Job "It tells here about a certain the valley,"added John Gibby, kind of salmon that goes back to not even answering Viola's asser- 1 RESIDENT J. Robert Price its native waters to spawn and

it had a hard timetion. "I perfected the title afterperienceof Maricopahe andstaketwo tellsotherofmenan hadexdie. Sometimes

wards by homesteading. There in California. They were accosted getting back. Sometimes they

was rocks on the place when father by a diminutive newsboy. The jump falls and get bruised, but

took it up. Most all the old rock gentlemenwares, butwerePresidentnot interestedPrice finallyin his they return just the same. We're

fences hereabouts come from off our bought a magazine because the boy goin'to build again, Amelia and place."could tell all about the contents and me. We'll plant grape vines along

the authors. the fences to build, we have and it are rocks on enough "There to Turning of the others one the we'll get a readygrown blue spruce. lad to fences asked to buy, received to build him but from herenow a We'll dynamite the rocks plant and negative answer. scoffed Albert.Chicago,""And

"Will take alfalfa, I tell pedigreed you one if you instead of timun- look and as calmthe old peaks first fast wHar your and names It's othy. better suited to rocky hapas if nothing haddisturbed are?"

soil. sayMother?"What fix "Yes."Mother We'll andpened. you

up with clothes and start east right "Well, your first name is Baby is last Corpse."The your and name long."stay I can'taway.

little magazine. a bought The man did not trust gibby Amelia supervise to coming "Mother's last addressed the "Will man. chap herself to speech. She her moved

if tell I'll you buy you many how Henry. added twins,"our closer chair to John's. her While birthdays you've had?"The man real farmto learn going "Dad's eyes gazed toward the devastated agreed, the salesman youthful and

ing,"persisted Leslie. said, "You've had just one. All the home and the inundated fields she

"I could blast the biggest rocks rest have been anniversaries."reached for his hand and gave it a

with dynamite,"mused John Gibfirm, trusting squeeze.

...

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

receive writing should (Each member of the continuation and signed by memis a for attendance at meetings bers of committee. becreditTHISlesson suggestions which

gan in the October number and for service rendered during 4. Assignments.

the past week.) 5. Consideration of Principles of

of the Improvement Era: 3. Reports of Committees. Conduct.

Week of December 1 a. Special.(Call for specific reports Topic:1. ProperBaptismMode, Continued:

1. Prayer. from (1) committee ap- a. Immersion.2. Roll Call. pointed at a previous meet- (Sprinkling—pouring—

(Each member should receive ing to visit quorum memhave little or no significredit for attendance at meetbers, (2) committee on socance.)

ings and for service rendered cial, (3) committee or in- 2. Proper Preparation.

during the past week.) dividuals assigned to ward a. Of one officiating.

teaching, etc. b. applicant. Of3. Reports of Committees.

edge. water's b. Standing. c. At a. Special.

(Receive report from one of 1. Essential features. (Call for specific reports

2. features. Nonessential standing committhe four apcommittee from (1)

tees; viz., d. water. Personal Welfare, In meetat previous pointed

elder. Instruction, 1. Position Class of Church

visit ing to memquorum 2. Miscellaneous. applicant. Service, RePosition of sobers, committee on (2) in writing be should

cial, inport committee or (3) of December 22 of Week signed members by and to dividuals assigned ward teaching, etc. committee. 1. Prayer.

b. Standing. 4. Assignments. 2. Roll Call.

(Receivereport from one of 5. Consideration of Principles of (Each member should receive

the four standing commitConduct. credit for attendance at meettees: viz., Personal Welfare, Topic Outlined: Quorum Memings and for service rendered

Class Instruction, Church bers, Gospel Ordinances and during the past week.)

Service, Miscellaneous. ReCeremonies, Baptism. 3. Reports of Committees.

port should be in writing 1. Essentiality and significance. a. Special.

and signed by members of a. Command of God. (Call for specific reports

committee. b. Entrance to Kingdom. from (1) committee ap-

4. Assignments. c. Its symbolic significance. pointed at a previous meet-

5. Consideration of Principles of ing to visit quorum memConduct. Week of December 15 bers, (2) commitee on social indicommittee or (3) in of the TeacherTopic: Duty

1 Prayer. assigned to viduals ward Death. of Sickness and Times

1. In sickness. 2. Roll Call. teaching, etc.

a. Interest manifested in visits (Each member should receive b. Standing.

and administration. credit for attendance at meet- (Receive report from one of

b. Ascertain by observation ings and for service rendered the four standing commitand inquiry if aid is needed. during the past week.) tees; viz., Personal Welfare,

1 Financial. 3. Reports of Committees. Class Instruction, Church

2. Medical. a. Special. Service, Miscellaneous. Re-

3. Special nursing. (Call for specific reports port should be in writing

c. Report to bishopric. from (1) committee apand signed by members of

2. In case of death. pointed at a previous meetcommittee.

a. Report to bishopric. ing to visit quorum mem- 4. Assignments.

b. Report to quorum president. bers, (2) committee on so- 5. Consideration of Principles of

1. Consultation regarding cial, (3) committee or inConduct.

needs of bereaved. dividuals assigned to ward Topic: Baptism Continued:

c. Assist as directed by bishteaching, etc. 1. The Prayer.

opric in funeral arrange- b. Standing. a. Prescribed by the Lord.

ments. (Receive report from one (Doc. andCov. 20:7274.)

of the four standing com- b. Analysis of.

Week of December 8 mittees;fare, Classviz., PersonalInstruction,Wel- 1 Baptismauthority.administered by

1. Prayer. Church Service, Miscellane- 2. One officiating must be

2. Roll Call. ous. Report should be in commissioned.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 63

Note: A man may have the Important historical incidents. necessary that each individual

authority to baptize, but not the a. Christ's baptism. study carefully the lesson assigned

right to exercise that authority. He Matt. 3:16. during the week immediately premust be appointed by proper preMark 1:1011. ceding his class period, that he

siding authority in the Church be- b. King Lamoni and his peomay have clearly in mind the subfore he can officiate authoritatively. ple. ject matter, or perhaps questions

For example, a high priest, a sevAlma 19:35. written out on matters which are

enty, an elder, a priest, though c. At waters of Mormon. not clear to him. The manner of

holding authority by ordination, Mormon 7:8-10. conducting the lesson periods

must not exercise that authority d. Joseph Smith and Oliver should be left to the supervisor,

without first being duly appointed Cowdery. who should always keep in mind

(commissioned) by a regularly Pearl of Great 56. the interest of every member of the Price—p. class. A general discussion of thesepresiding officer of an organized 3. A universal requirement.

it lessons advisable, is always andbranch of the Church. Week of December 29.—Open. to of the leader should be the aim

encourage every boy to participate actively. At the close of this lesson period the class session should

be closed by singing and beneAaronic Priesthood 100 per cent diction.

It is desired that a general misAttendance sionary work be taken up among the members of the Aaronic PriestSaturday, October 5, at presidency. They should have a hood quorums to secure, if pos-

4:00 p. m., 461 men met in secretary, whose duty it is to keep sible, a onehundred per cent enON the Assembly Hall, Temple an accurate record of the proceedrollment of all members of the

ings of the meeting. bishop The Priesthood before the beAaronic the for City, Salt LakeSquare, his in counselors are and charge, year. a the ginning of what And permatters discussing ofpurpose in close and should keep touch it if thing wonderful be would we Priesthood. Aaronic the totaining this the to aid with work quorum enter could the into anniversary the and the made, showingWith presidencies to function properly atcent year with onehundred per it enthusiasm, wasinterest and to give advice such and time from at tendance meetings! our we May charged those that evidentquite as to necessary. time be may all suggest in interested this that are anxresponsibility, thiswith activity the period the During it, fix as in or engaged that work forces, their organize toious fully following folshould program be their the balance this during of aim spirit enof in the yearfinish the First, prayer, calling the lowed: year. beto prepared be andthusiasm, in turn, a record boys so making

all organizations withgin 1930 that in time all this privmay have the of it,ready to make anniversary ilege. rollcall, should be a There

year, the banner all year of Aaronic audible, that may who know activities.Priesthood Something Over Which to are there. not This are and who

For the benefit of fathers and will enable the active ones to do Ponder others who were unable to attend missionary work where it is most the plan thatthis meeting, we feel needed; assignments and should as a high priest of the Melbe T2 UT the tn be put shouldpresented secure attendance of those made to chizedek Priesthood auhas

hands of all those who are or who do not attend. This should thority to officiate in all the lesser

should be interested in this work. be followed with a review of the offices, he may officiate in the office

In the first place, the responsiprevious assignments and duties of bishop when no literal descendbility of keeping a boy active in his performed, and new assignments ant of Aaron can be found, proPriesthood work rests with the should be made for work to be vided he is called and set apart and parents of that boy. The stake done during the following week. ordained unto this power by the

presidency, high council, and ward Ordination of new members may hands of the Presidency of the Melbishopric are directly responsible be performed at this time, and a chizedek Priesthood.

for the results attained through discussion held of social or fraterquorum activities in the several nal matters or any other matters The power and authority of the that is 'importantwards. It a of interest to the young men of the higher,is to holdor theMelchizedekkeys of allPriesthood,the spiriteach be held in meetingPriesthood quorum.

ward each week for these young For the lesson period a course of ual blessings of the church.

men, and that this work continue study has been prepared adapted to To have the privilege of rethrough the year, the quorum year each grade of the Priesthood. As ceiving the mysteries of the kingbeing the calendar year. this course of study is in booklet dom of heaven, to have the

To have a successful Aaronic form and can be had from the Preheavens opened unto them, to

Priesthood quorum or class, it is siding Bishop's Office at a cost of commune with the general assemnecessary that this work have 10c each, it is desired that every bly and Church of the Firstborn, proper supervision. The person supervisor, every quorum member, and to enjoy the communion and

selected as supervisor should act as and everyone interested in the presence of God the Father, and an aid or advisor to the quorum Aaronic Priesthood work, obtain Jesus the Mediator of the new presidency. This presidency should one of these booklets. To be succovenant."—Doc. 8 Cov. 107:perform the duties required of a cessful in the quorum work, it is 1719.

It is not given to all of us to spend Huddled behind that cheap rift of broken four seasons in old Mexico, but in the furniture, The StayAt-Home following verses, Mrs. Pratt almost makes WhatPresidedis overyourbyhistory?a gesticulating Jew? Frank C. Steele us believe we have been there—and long Have long swaying tongues of flame

to return once more. Reached down from you to a bowl of Z-JE sits beside the lamplight

crimson roses, ** With his glasses on his nose,

While answering flames burned in eyes And the paper lies beside him

Pictures of Juarez Perhaps ofslenderblue whiteto brown?hands have set you TheWherehousetheis ruddystill andfireplaceemptyglows;

in a window For the folks have gone away

Grace Zenor Pratt To cut the darkness that led to home; To spend the night in gayety

Or, perchance, baby hands have held you With the neighbors 'cross the way.

high, like thought he'd never to go They SPRINGTIME in Juarez—let me reand pinktoned, their As whitenightied of and dance, their world turn once more song To

Fragrance of blossoms, humming of the owners But his wistful eyes were brimming bees; Climbed sleepily toward a haven of As he waited for a chance

The lacy, flowering beauty of the trees, dreams. A chance to leave his corner,

Apricot, peach and apple, pear flowers, Ah, a touch of sun catches your brass, To don his Sunday best;

white A gleam shoots out into the musty darkTo break the drabness of his days

While yards of roses quicken my delight. Is that myness.answer? I wonder. And give his heart a rest.

left in his they corner But him breath feel thy Summer me his his knee, in Juarez—let paper With on

canyon's shaded and gloom From his glasses sitting his nose silver And on streams.

Peace dwell beside me while I sit and ForButthe hisstayat-hometears they didwas notsmilingsee;

dream, to the proper 'Twas thing do;

Rest me heart breaking, beside the wideflung alamo trees, But his hungry was

Breathe the rainfreshened air on every And yet they never knew.

breeze.

There is perhaps no word more frequently used nowadays than "beauty."Autumn in Juarez—mellow sunset's

glow; Magazines abound with it; storewindow

From rocky highway I am looking down. descriptions flaunt it; boys and girts fling

glorifies mystic sunset the town; A

poplars, golden Tall maples bright. it around profusely. But it is not always Bertha A. Kleinman has long been recTouched with the magic glow of sunset's used in the true sense—the soulsense—as ognized as one possessing a rare gift. She light. it is in the following poem: speaks in verse—and what she says remains

in the back of our minds to make life seem sweeter, saner and more worthwhile. Winter in Juarez—one last backward

glance.

From hill top's crest, O fairy mountain Beauty vale, The Best Comes glory pale, sad, goldenHalf I watch thy hills and Mary M. Porter of lavender 'Neath shadowed blue Back to Me

Ofttimes in dreams I journey back to you. A SOUL that sees into the heart of

*1 things; Bertha A. Kleinman

their to that urge; responds A life give every thought away, my

a face that sings, glows skylark when A TO the seemeth while, That worth colors day's dreams That merge when better inspires thought today A soul beauty. That knows keener phrase style. Of and

store, if suddenly secondhand a Every for passion with knowing A soul pass along treasure horde truth; To my is life fine; that strong and A cry voice, hundreds couldgiven out big joy the and The

is face that tender with sympathy of A vital. gay, Voicepoignantly single keep treasure no Tostories—sad, least;stored—consecrates design each That

is increased. wealth Thus itless, in its to speak my poets leave must is beauty. soul That

name. To give my best is to possess,

To lend is to receive, To spend of hope and happiness

Is better to believe. Holder of Flames

afar send the candle To gleam Stella P. Rich radiates That for me

are Perhaps a great many quiet men faith transcending every dream My candlestick, it is Since misunderstood stayat-homes. aLITTLE antique a surety. Becomes

Shrouded in cobwebs, mantled in man telling about a man, we are inclined give myself To ungrudgingly to to suggest that they all womenfolk evade the grasping hand of you answerHow diddust, every need To before twice think at night they go out bargain hunter? the best of life The comes back to me

Are you by accident or design and leave Dad alone. And I am rich indeed!

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 65

MUTUAL WORK Executive Department

(3F-*a

1ST. *5ST. tuiiSUT. MELVIW QALLAF

i GREETINGS

you, our subscribers of the past, to the thouAs heretofore, articles, stories, and poems from the ablest pens of our writers will continue to brighten taken have subscriptions, out who newrOsands lives. and enrich your the others and to have, many with enwho

thusiastic loyalty, given encouragement to the new It is significant that the first issue should come to in all hearts are in praise the month when turned Era, sendImprovement of you we gratitude and the gifts. Father of toward all good injoy and gladness presenting greetings—greetingsto you so fine a publication as the combination of the former Era and the May the inspiration and blessing of this new magYoung Woman's Journal promises to be. azine bring intensified joy, and thanksgiving into the

The new Improvement Era will come to you as a homes of all our people.

harbinger of goodwill, of harmony, of oneness of purpose of the two great Mutual Improvement organGeorge Albert Smith, izations. Each month it will bring to you who are Richard R. Lyman,

leaders of the youth of Zion, messages of vital imMelvin J. Ballard,

port and it will inspire you who are members of the General Superintendency, Y. M, M. I. A.

association to high endeavor. Within its covers will

also appear communications on Priesthood work for Ruth May Fox, the various quorums. This cooperation shows how Lucy G. Cannon,

closely the auxiliary work is associated with the higher Clarissa A. Beesley,

orders of the Church. General Presidency, Y, L. M. I. A.

66 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

choice as they'to whether own the course study provided by A New Era Resolution will year, I. A. (this "A Cenor Which Should Not Be Put Off Until January 1 turythe M.of Progress") they whether

r) ESOLVED: That I will read tion and in giving me more intelliwill study genealogy.

the Re- I. A. Monthly M. the needs On of of gent understanding all fel-*\ induce and will of my port, are groups both to be conwill each helpdepartment; be they read each tolowworkers month sidered in recording accomplishin the leaders ful to each departthe Mutual messages. They will ment as they bring practical informents.

be helpful to me as an executive, in mation for the carrying forward of The thought should be emphathe general conduct of the associathe M. I. A. program. sized that all persons studying

genealogy are considered members of the M. I. A. with all the privMass Participation Contest membersileges andandobligationsthe leadersof ofregularthis

class leaders ofthe erate with and participate. are is a to This wardsASS statedstated inin thethe magazinesmagazines lastlast and select the events in which the group are to meet with and coop- thisthis contestcontest willwill bebe month,month, ficers I. general in the of the A. M. the quality contest of but numbers of thecarried months on during organization. the of management attenreceive also of should work

See January. December,November, results splendid tion. Last season Executives. for Book, page 99,M. /. A. Hand stakes and were achieved in many

general directions. Each stake they were enthusiastic as to its After a year's experience in comshould make definite regulations benefit. bining genealogical work with

that of the M. I. A., both organizations should have a clearer un-

M. I. A. Monthly Reports andderstandingshould beof able,each atother'sthe beginaims

of the ning season, second to make be ing of each should and month, believe that form our new whatever adjustments necbe may secthe stake at to once forwarded report has beenWE of monthly essary. instances the In many is credit retary. exbe to taken No all stake of our receivedwell by successhas combination proved accomplishment. cept for complete

officers. proreport Theand ward ful; diffiin there been have some be attention Particular should off each for checking monthvides culties. observation has been Our atthe average of to items given so definite accomplishments,a few that successful the groups most protendance by week week and local organization eachthat may in those atthe been have which be reported that they so gram, may comes satisfactionfeel the which titude leaders the of right, has been accurately. in a specified goal a reachingfrom the genealogical where workers

given time and steadily progressing The Stake Report calls for the have appreciated the splendid protoward the completion of a year's number of wards completing the gram for adult education offered program. There are no figures to designated work. In the general in the M. I. A. and the Mutual

give, no percentages to compute. offices the percentages for each stake workers have not undervalued the

The report may be quickly filled will be computed and the reports great importance of the study of out immediately after the last meetpublished in the Era. genealogy. In these instances

there has been complete coopera- tion, each working for the other's interests. Genealogy in the M. I. A.

At the commencement of each work, genealogical are the taking who all season, of the of the adult Imin people the July number lessons the presentation of the butIN will the be invited should to atward of Era, copy 1928, local provement the entirely in of the be left hands the following letter sent to all stake committee of the Genealogical Society. tend the opening session of the

leaders of I. A. both Thepresidents appeared: Theretion andmustharmonybe, therefore,existingclosebetweencooperathe M.groups objecthe should explain

the genealogical workers Mutual and Imtives and point out the attractive desirable the that people, so"Dear Brother: provement

"We were appointed by President purposes may be accomplished in giving features of both lines of work and

Clawson to answer your letter relative to those who wish to study genealogy in the members should be allowed to to the proposed genealogical work to be the wards the opportunity to do so during make their own choice. In the

the Mutual with period. Imthisgiven in connection I. A. M. there are great majority of wards,

under Association the new this satisfactory will beprovement "Trusting and sufficient to of persons numbers results thatplan. have good come from we will

"This is to advise you that we have this new opportunity, we are carry on two sections, one in the concluded that so far as the course is "Sincerely your brethren, course of study offered in the M.

concerned, it is to be furnished by the "Joseph Fielding Smith, I. A. and one in genealogy, and this

J. Ballard, the Society and of Utah, ex- "MelvinGenealogical the plan recommend. This we

"Special devolve will the upon Committee."isecution of work

first year the each on Tuesday of of Gencommittees ward andthe stake ealogical Society; though, the time alIt should be noted that this letmonth both groups are expected to

lowed is a portion of the M, I. A. and ter points out the fact that genemeet together to consider the M. I.

of the given as one is to bethe work is project considered alogy the one of op- A. which is vital project—a in the courses for group Adultoptional tional courses to all that of the adults in I. A.; and the community M. association. Improvethis Mutual The

ment Association will be entitled to take is, all adult members of the ward which will make not only for betcredit for attendance for those members should be allowed to make their ter citizenship, but for more intelThe Improvement Era For November, 1929 67

Higent and loyal Church membergreet them at the entrance of the "Therefore, blessed are ye if ye ship. chapel. continue in my goodness, a light

If in some small wards it is not 7. Prior to the announcement unto the Gentiles, and through this

possible to hold two groups on the of the general theme of the evening Priesthood, a savior unto my peosecond, third and fourth evenings, and in many cases before the singple Israel. The Lord hath said it."

the M. L A. course and the gening of the second number, our an- * f i

alternated,ealogical course be may nual slogan is presented the auand M. I. A. Sunday Evening Proadjustment otheror some made, dience requested to repeat stand and grams of Stake Quarterly bishopric,after conference the with the same. are presentations These

the Genealogical Society, and the most effective when they are preConferences

M. I. A. officers. ceded by a brief comment which THIS occasion presents another

All members of the genealogical will produce the proper atmosopportunity for our stake offigroup are considered members of phere, or the quotation of some cers to prepare and present to the the Mutual Improvement Associaappropriate scripture such as the public appropriate programs illustion with all the privileges and following from the 86th section trative of our work and of such a obligations of regular members. of the Doctrine and Covenants, nature as to make a high spiritual

The class leaders of both groups ver. 8 to 11: appeal to the youth of our stakes.

are to meet with and cooperate "Therefore, thus saith the Lord The program should be carefully with the M. I. A. officers in the unto you, with whom the Priestthought out and presented to the

general management of the organhood hath continued through the stake presidency for their approval.

ization. lineage of your fathers. In some instances on account of

On the M. I. A. Monthly Re- "For ye are lawful heirs, accordthe lack of understanding or the inport, in recording work accoming to the flesh, and have been hid difference on the part of our local

plished in the Adult Department, from the world with Christ in leaders, this opportunity for M. I.

the genealogical group should be God. A. expression has been neglected.

considered as well as those study- "Therefore your life and the We trust that our Stake Executive ing "A Century of Progress."Priesthood have remained, and Officers will look forward to these

i 1 i must needs remain through you opportunities, watch for the dates

Sunday Evening Monthly and your lineage until the restoraand plan carefully to bring before

M. I. A. Joint Sessions tion of all things spoke by the the public such programs as will

mouths of all the holy prophets be both instructive and inspirationfollowing suggestions are since the world began. al to our young people.THE made hoping that they may be

helpful to our Executive Officers in compiling their programs for this occasion. important Program for Sunday Evening,

1. opportunity for This is our

M. I, A. religious expression beforethe general public in our respective Joint Meeting,

communities.

2. A committee of our General Suggestions and Material for the Program of the

Board has prepared seven suggesMonthly Joint Session, December 1, 1929 tive materials programs—the

around thegrouped seven presiGeneral Theme: President 7. Brief address by someone who

dents of the Church. John Taylor was personally acquainted with

3. Our work should be carefully John Taylor, and there are

planned in advance, making out 1. Singing, "Go Ye Messengers of such to be found in most of

the programs in detail, the assignGlory,"preferably by one or our wards.

ments to be made and accepted, and more returned missionaries; at 8. Singing, "True to the Faith."

a careful followup made to assure all events have the hymn and 9. Benediction.

a worthy presentation. the author of it introduced.

4. M. I. A. members should be 2. Invocation, preferably by some JOHN TAYLOR

used as far as possible in the presenone who was personally tation of this work. However, acquainted with President John (Taken mainly from the "Life

Taylor. requires the subject matterwhen of John Taylor"hy Roberts) Music. efficientthe presen- 3. thoughtful and

tation of outstanding speakers of 4. Announcements. I. Some of His Outstanding

the community, they should be in- 5. The M. I. A. Slogan. Characteristics.

(a) Introduction. assist us. tovited

5. I. A. directors of "We will contend for our 1. Spiritual Strength. M. The

music should be handed a program constitutional rights inch John Taylor possessed a portion sufficiently early in order that they by inch,"President John of the spirit of God and was very may build upon it appropriate and Taylor. happy. Manifestations of its

well prepared music. (b) Presentation of Slogan. presence were frequent, not only in

6. The general public always 6. Presentation of the life of John the expansion of his mind to unappreciates the thoughtfulness of Taylor, preferably by M. I. derstand doctrines and principles,

our officers when they make the A. members who have made but also in dreams and visions. "Ofbuilding attractive with beautiful thorough preparation for the eften when alone,"he writes, "and

flowers, etc., and have someone to fort, Y. M. and Y. L. sometimes in company, I heard

68 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

sweet, soft melodious music, as if and feathers, your victim is ready; most excellent maxims which

performed by angelic or supernaand ye shades of the venerable pawould have insured him success in tural beings."When but a small triots, gaze upon the deeds of your any business he might have chosen.

boy he saw in vision an angel in degenerate sons! Come on, genWhat they were may be seen in

the heavens, holding a trumpet to tlemen! Come on, I say, I am this: If he plowed a field it must

his mouth, sounding a message to ready!"be done well. He was not content

the nations. The import of this No one moved, no one spoke. to skim over the ground merely.

vision he did not understand until He stood there drawn to his full If the ground was hard or rocky later in life. height, calm but defiant—the masin places, someone must ride on

While crossing the British Chanter of the situation. the beam and the plow made to do

nel the ship he sailed in encounSo outstanding was his courage its work. Moreover, the furrows

tered severe storms, which lasted a that at his funeral services a shield, must be straight. If he planted

number of days. He saw several on which was written "Champion trees the holes must be made large;

ships wrecked in that storm, and the of liberty"was made a part of the in setting them in, the fibres of the captain and officers of his own ship decorations. roots must be spread out and the

expected hourly that she would On one occasion he wrote: "I soil placed round them carefully

go down. But not so with our was not born a slave! I cannot, and then be well watered that they

young emigrant. The voice of the will not be a slave. I would not might have every chance to live.

still I'd a slave be saying within him, His beSpirit to God! was

at 5. Loftiness of Purpose. I'd his son. friend, servant, go and yet go to America must"You

preach the Gospel.""So confihis behest; but would not be'his During his stay in Paris he visitdent was I of my destiny,"he reslave. I'd rather be extinct than ed the Palace Vendome, and with

marks, "that I went on deck at be a slave. His friend I feel I am, a number of friends ascended Namidnight, and amidst the raging eland he is mine. A slave! The poleon's Column of Victory. His

ements felt as calm as though I was manacles would pierce my very companions scratched their names chains would on the column as thousands hadsitting in a parlor at home. I bebones—the clanking lost, done before them. Seeing that Ellieved I should reach America and grate upon my soul—a poor,

perform my work."servile, crawling wretch to lick the der Taylor had not written his

dust and fawn and smile upon the name, they asked him to write it 2. Courage. thing who gave the lash! Myself with theirs. "No,"he replied, "I

in Ohio:""Defiance of there, Mob will write chilnot but name wives, my my my A—perchance timelittle a numbefore meeting it in living, I yet will imwrite to the mould dig mud, dren—to running came the brethren ofber characters!"furperishable tale brick of and and tell the

stopping the house where he wasto straw! But stop! nish our own I'm 6. Personality. that the informationwith not, can- I will free the God's man:

whole town was gathering and not be a slave! Living, I'll be President Taylor was nearly six

prohad feet in of menthat a height propornumber and of fine life free in free here, or above—free boasted tar and and feathers, gives thatposed combination which are free: tion, they for the Gods, with

they would dress him with them if and if I'm in the way on earth, I'll activity and strength. His head

brethto preach. large, the The the undertook face ovalhe and ask God to take me to my was my

it attempt not to large, finely strong,ren features advised him and friends above!"

as they were not strong enough to chiseled. The forehead was high

protect him. After a moment's 3. Honesty and Caution. and massive, the eyes gray, deepset,

reflection, however, he decided to During a period that he was in and of a mild, kindly expression, go and preach. The brethren straitened circumstances, a memexcept when aroused, and then they

remonstrated; they knew the tar ber of his family was out of fuel, were capable of reflecting all the

and feathers were prepared and that and without the means to purchase feelings that moved his soul, he could not escape. He replied that any. She sent word of the situawhether of indignation, scorn or

he had made up his mind to go; tion to him; having no money, and contempt. The nose was aquiline,

they could go with him if they not wishing to go in debt as long the mouth well formed and exchose, if not, he would go alone. as he saw no prospect of repaying pressive of firmness, the chin pow-

A very large concourse of people it, he sent to her his new overcoat erful and well rounded.

assembled to listen to him. He told as that was the only thing he had In his manner he was ever affable

them that he was from Canada, a at hand which could be turned into and polite, easy and gracious, yet land of monarchial rule, and elomoney. It was accompanied with princely in dignity. In his interquently depicted the glory of a kind note that directed one of his course with others he was familiar

American freedom, then he said: sons to dispose of it, and deplored but never vulgar. "His eloquence

"But, bv the by, I have been inthe rather close circumstances in was a majestic river full to the formed that you propose to tar and which they were placed. "I can point of overflowing its banks."

feather me, for my religious opinget along very nicely with my old His voice was clear, strong, resonions. Is this the boon you have coat this winter,"he wrote: "It is ant, and of wonderful compass.

inherited from your fathers? Is a little faded, but then I prefer ia

this the blessing they purchased faded coat to a faded reputation; II. His Contributions.

with their dearest hearts'blood and I do not propose to ask for acHe proclaimed the Gospel in this your liberty? If so, you now commodations that I am not premany lands; and as a champion of

have a victim, and we will have an pared to meet."truth, stood ready to meet all who

offering to the goddess of liberty."assailed it; and whether he met

Here he tore open his vest and said: 4. Thoroughness, his opponents in the forum, before

"Gentlemen come on with your tar He had adopted in practice some a multitude steeped full of prejuPresident HEBER J. GRANT GEORGE D. PYPER

Editor Associate Editor

26,000 Officers and Teachers

use it in teaching 56,000 ADULTS 70,000 YOUTH 103,000 CHILDREN In Latterday Saint Sunday Schools

The Name of The Juvenile Instructor

will be changed—effective

January, 1930

to

Oormerlu he Juvenile Instructor r c ] m Li Li MI T B Address: 47 East South Temple Street Salt Lake* City, Utah, U. S. A.

.

70 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

dice against him, or in the columns those works; the second, to the Suggestions and Material for

of the public equallypress, he was moral government, wherein man is Program Sunday Evening,successful in vanquishing them by is made an agent. There a very

his powerful statement of the striking difference between the two, January 5, 1930 truth, backed by a peculiar ability and the comparison is certainly not to expose the weakness of his opcreditable to man; and however he General Theme: Life of Wilponent's position. may feel disposed to vaunt himself ford Woodruff, fourth PresiSo prominent was the career of of his intelligence, when he reflects dent of the Church

John Taylor in the Church, as a he will feel like Job did when he trusted friend of the prophet Joseph said, 'I abhor myself, and repent 1. Singing of his favorite hymn

Smith, with whom he may be said in dust and ashes.'-God Moves in a Mysterious

to have shared martyrdom; as a 3. "In God's government there Way.

founder and editor of Church periis perfect order, harmony, beauty, 2. Invocation.

odicals; as a preacher of the Gosmagnificence, and grandeur; in the 3. Music.

pel; as an apostle, as a pioneer of government of man, confusion, 4. Announcements.

Utah; as a legislator; and, finally, disorder, instability, misery, discord 5. The Slogan (a) introducas president of the Church during and death. In the first, the most tory remarks or questions; (b)

one of the most trying periods consummate wisdom and power presentation.

through which she has passed in are manifested; in the second, ig- 6. Talks on the Life of Wilford

her eventful career, that the liternorance, imbecility, and weakness. Woodruff, (preferably to be delivature of the Church would be inThe first displays the comprehenered by returned missionaries of the

complete without his history. sion, light, glory, beneficence, and M. I. A. They must be well preOf his book, "The Government intelligence of God; the second, the pared.)

of God,"(Show a copy of it if folly, littleness, darkness, and in- 7. Testimony concerning the

possible) the historian, Bancroft, a life of President competency of man. contemThe Woodruff—by a dissertationsays: "As on a department of the Adult first elevates plation of the the member

general and abstract subject it mind, expands the capacity, proof the M. I. A.

probably has not its equal on point duces grateful reflections, and fills 8. Singing.

of ability within the range of the mind with wonder, admira- 9. Benediction.

Mormon literature. The style is tion, and enlivening hopes; the

clear,lofty beevery page and and contemplation of the second proWILFORD WOODRUFFtokens great the learning the of duces doubt, distrust, and uncerofauthor. a ancient student As fills tainty the and with mind CharacterFour Outstanding history, theologian,and modern apprehensions. In gloomy a word, Life istics of His President philosopher,and moral is the the of God, one and work

entitled is justly toTaylor the the of that other man."1 Sportsmanship.front rank."of (History Utah, * * "* 4. What the enactment of the is the obFollowing433 note.)

ject design existence of and man's first is fish the the a of Utah, author law in and game number He is the earth; his reon and what as a S. the in gradeof L. following hunwas D. Hymns; man who A

all this lationship? magnificent For fisherare as a peers his poetic products of enduring had few ter and

mind; world, with its creation, life, said from the pulpit: "Now let us

"Go Ye Messengers of Glory."beauty, symmetry, order and let the game and fish alone during

season closed none the and take "O Give Me Back My Prophet grandeur,design; andcouldas Godnotexistedbe withoutbefore seasonsDear."in unlawthe open during

"A Glorious Plan."man, there must have been some ful ways."That man was Wilcreation, in object in man's and Seer, Joseph Woodruff. his ford "The The Seer."* * * earth. appearance on the It is sayings of President Some John said of him that when going

Taylor, taken from "The Gov- "The object of man's taking a up a long hill with a tired team he ernment of God:"body is, that through the redempwas met by a team and wagon and

1. "If the planets move beautition of Jesus Christ, both soul and shouted to the man who had the

fully and harmoniously in their body may be exalted in the eternal down grade advantage, "Turn out several spheres, that beauty and world, when the earth shall be or we will serve you like we did harmony are the result of the incelestial, and to obtain a higher another fellow."The other teamtelligence and wisdom that exists exaltation than he would be caster gave the right of way and then

in his mind. If on this earth we pable of doing without a body. asked, "How did you serve the

have day and night, summer and For when man was first made, he fellow who would not give you the winter, seed time and harvest with was made 'a little lower than the road?""We gave him the road,"

the various changes of the seasons; angels', but through the atonement said Brother Woodruff.

this regularity, beauty, order, and and resurrection of Jesus Christ, he harmony, are the effects of the is placed in a position to obtain an 2. Youthfulness.

wisdom of God."exaltation higher than that of One much younger as years go

2. "There are two kinds of rule angels. Says the Apostle, 'know who knew him well, speaks of

on the earth; one with which man ye not that we shall judge Wilford Woodruff as "the younghas nothing directly to do, another Angels?'est old man I ever knew"and rein which he is intimately con-i 5. 'The Lord will say of perlates the following in support of

cerned. The first of these applies secutions as he says of the waves his decision:

to the works of God alone, and of the "sea, 'Thus far and no "At a stake conference in Provo his government and control of farther.'a notice was given of preparations

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 71

MISSLOU SHRIMP

just the thing for parties

As charming in coloring as in flavor, shrimps lend to themselves admirably to When the decorative arrangements, their pink contrasting pleasingly with the Paint green of lettuce or parsley.

Once you try MissLou Shrimp you will appreciate the wide utility no less may be a matter of choice, their attraction than as a but the need for painting food and the ease with which they may be served. thor-—frequently and

SHRIMP SALAD unquestioned. oughly—is

Season one can of MissLou Shrimp well with salt and pepper chop a few pieces celery well with a little onion, and add. Pour over

this mayonnaise sauce, and garnish with sliced hard boiled eggs, lemon, beets and celery tops. FOR BEST RESULTS

Write Us for Recipe Booklet ALWAYS USE—

MerrillKeyser Company Manufacturer's Agents Merchandise Brokers 328 West 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah Bennett's

MISKIN SCRAPERS "PROPERTY LIFE

INSURANCE"

(MT - ML S&S* EASY C.:<': TO...isil FOR

HANDLE HORSES SJl OR Pure Paints % EASY HnE&r TO TRACTOR

PULL

- Enamels WEEDS GROW UP ALL AROUND ALL OTHER AND

SCRAPERS WHERE THE MISKIN IS KNOWN

Level your farm now. NO BETTER INVESTMENT CAN

POSSIBLY BE MADE AT THIS TIME, as it is well knownthat a leveled farm is cheaper to operate, requires less water to Varnishes irrigate and less labor and time to produce an even distribution of crops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical

way to do this is with a Miskin Scraper. Manufactured by

WRITE FOR CATALOG BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO.

Manufactured only by Salt Lake City MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS UCON, IDAHO.

72 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

for an M. I. A. Stake excursion. stepmother, and other friends, also replied 'I think it is of God'. AlPresident Woodruff, thjen about by the Word and Spirit of God, most every person I conversed with

ninety years of age, followed the that the Church of Jesus Christ said they wished to be baptized as announcement with these words, was in the wilderness, that there soon as an opportunity afforded."

as I remember them: 'Now [ had been a falling away from pure The "Youngest Old Man"grew

want you young people to enjoy and undefiled religion before God until the day of his death. He

yourselves, I believe in excursions, and that a great change was at was a miser who counted each so go and be happy in righteoushand. moment of time of infinite worth.

ness. I am soon going on an ex- "At the age of 23 I resolved by As he rode thousads of miles in

cursion more joyful than any that the grace of God to be led into 'that carriage or wagon to preach the can be taken on the earth. I am Truth that maketh free.'On Gospel he would read a book. Men

going to meet Joseph and others hearing the fullness of the everlastwho drove for him have said that of my friends who have gone being Gospel proclaimed by the Latthe chuck holes were often so. bad

fore me and we shall clasp hands terday Saints, I immediately emas nearly to throw him from the and rejoice together.'braced its truth with a glad heart."wagon, but seldom bad enough to

"I was struck by the strength of These few lines from the pen of make him lose his place on the his voice and the vigor of his bearWilford Woodruff at the age of 25 page. Through this use of "spare

ing, both of which were in contrast reveal the principles which directed time"he read the history of nearly with his grey hair, but what him through all his activities in every nation and every great man thrilled me most was the buoyancy life. Here are childlike faith, a he heard of, in English, and many

of his faith and the brightness of positive hunger for truth and a French books, among them the his hope. And, in the presence of restless energy that drove him to Book of Mormon.

these everlasting evidences of youth action. The expression, "I imHe had a system of shorthand

inwardly exclaimed,"'He is the mediately embraced its truths with which he used to record the seryoungest of us all/ a glad heart,"indicates the perfect mons of leaders of the Church.

satisfaction and testimony of the This shorthand appears in his 3 Guilelessness. writer. In fifteen volumes of journal as do many hieroglyphAn eminent educator wrote: finelynals ofwrittenWilfordmatterWoodruff,in the jourthere orics events.to call attention to special days

willing ever more was man"No is that sentence one even not that Wilford imagine Lest we the that Woodruff Wilfordthan at the hints truth concerning doubt a we bookworm, was Woodruff the heart his ofsentiments and this of Latultimate triumph and his record a days'from give few be his should ofthoughts mind flew terday Gospel. His words journal:

if as book. in openread an The like bullets the a machine from flooded wawith farm was "My life inner his line of anddividing find to hesitated never gun. He ter. I ditch to a while dig had his expressionthe and of words utterances, impelled one. His by for in water standing knee deep he neverconduct and marked was speaker, the conviction the of I took then 100 hours. many secret free that therefore fromwas listeners. hearts pierced the the of pit."a potatoes out of bushels of islife struggling constantly which as his taken of sermons was One day: 'Trimmed Another my its real revelation of theagainst the a "Preachof author model by seven hauled cottonwoods and will Saints alwaystruth. The Speaking."ing Public and the cover on to loads bowery Temlike as a ofthink him man Naso converts numerous were His ple Block."guile."thaniel—without referred to has that been he many the evening In 18th: "March

4. Faithfulness. times by President Heber J. Grant Wilford (his son) and I went to

as "The greatest missionary since the farm. We sifted 16 bushels

"Wilford the Faithful"would the Restoration."His work in this of seed wheat and some barley and

be a fitting title for a set of books dispensation was similar to that of oats. In the morning opened cardealing with the life and labors of the Apostle Paul in the first cenrot-pit, loaded 10 bushels of carWilford Woodruff, the miller boy, tury. rots and returned to the city. Gave

tireless the missionary,the mighty attended a special and meetendowments record of his of one The leader,toiler lovable but the and afternoon."meeting in the preachreads, "Elder Richards ings at his worthiglimpse just mustwe

ness to the title through a few pared from the words, 'If the Lord be "April 3: Sowed one acre of

agraphs. God; serve Him.'The power of oats (by hand). Walked from

. three Wilford Woodruff, fourth presthe Priesthood rested upon him and farm to City (just over

. Went to school of prophetsident of the Church, was born in the principles of eternal truth were miles) plainly opposso presented that no in leapthe to a evening and went of Farmingtonthe (now town them. could withstand ing power in year the party ward."13th Hecalled His birth on Conn. Avon) I arose closed bore and he When believe did in all for not work; we fifteen 1, 1807, was monthsMarch the truth of to testimony what

this: like references find manyafter Joseph the that of Prophet heard. they had

at Pettit's. duck hunting "WentSmith. in Minister Church "The geese."forty ducks the Shot and three

to attend The father of Wilford Woodparish our sent a spy had ruff was a miller and Wilford meeting, to carry him word what Another day he records:

worked with him in the mill until we preached. As soon as the "Brother Madsen and I caught in

the spring of 1832. He says (in meeting closed I put my hand upon a net in Provo river 2,300 lbs. of

the preface to his journal for his shoulder and asked him what trout. A number weighed from

1838), "I was early taught by my he thought of our doctrine. He 9y2 to 15 lbs. each."

.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 73

One entry reads: "My wheat o<!(i(ii!)o4aa4

went forty bushels to the acre, also ten to fourteen bushels of grasshoppers. I had threshed 226 bushels I

bushels of oats seventeen wheat,of I Your Aim very grateful 36 barley.and I am

for this when we had so many grasshoppers. The next morning

I paid my tithing."i and Our Aim There can be little doubt that

of the one mosthe was enerYour Aim in Mutual Improvement work should successgetic the most perhaps and ful missionary the Church has had be to promote mutual friendship and to establish in modern times. He filled six

missions,.. and was the medium of lasting admiration for your fellowmen.

bringing not hundreds, but thousands of souls to the Church, many of whom he baptized himself after miraculous conversion.

As a pioneer and community Our Aim in advertising in this magazine is to builder he made an enviable record. promote friendship and render service to you by

His tireless work, builded by his faith and foresight enabled him to presenting the found settlements and new industries, and generally to carry on the work in the valleys of the mountains which President Brigham READING COURSE BOOKS

Young had begun. Worthy of ADOPTED BY THE

President fact that is themention

Salt the ValMutual Improvement Associations Lake enteredYoung ley on the 24th of July, in Wilford for 19291930

Woodruff's light wagon, and it By Mail of pioneering that the mantleseems Doctrine and Covenants—cloth $1.00 $1.00

fell its natural insurely way and time from the one to the other. Life of Karl G. Maeser (Reinhard Maeser) 1.50 1.50

At a time when the Prophet The Book that Nobody Knows (Bruce Barton) 1.00 1.10

Joseph Smith appointed him to A Lantern in Her Hand (Bess Streeter Aldrich) 2.00 2.10

collect funds for the Nauvoo House The Southerner (Thos. Dixon) 1.00 1.10

and Temple, he gave a letter of commission which indicates the Three Points of Honor (Russell G. Carter) 2.00 2.10

high regard in which he held Presi- A Dove in the Eagle's Nest (Charlotte M. Yonge) 1.25 1.35

dent Woodruff. It would be well

to read it, on page 1 78 of Cowley's Full set of Seven Books, delivered anywhere if reLife of Wilford Woodruff. mittance in full accompanies order $9.00

Four of Many Contributions of His Life We Suggest Reading Course Books 1 A wellkept voluminous private journal, which is a valuable for Ideal Xmas Gifts original source of information on Order NowChurch History, 2. Twentyone years'service as

a legislator.

3. Fourteen years'service as custodian and general Church recorder.

4. Nine years of undauntedleadership as president of the DESERET BOOK

Church through one of the most perilous periods of its existence. i

The student is cited to the Life i3 COMPANY of Wilford Woodruff, by Cowley, 44 East on South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah from which most of the material for this outline has been taken. *<]::HJ*F

74 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

Burn KNIGHT A ReviewAof theCenturyAdult Departmentof ProgressCourse of Study

are the returns for our E R I O D of fullness—of Not only

a are labor greater, of they but AP accomachievement—of

is quality. well food Our ultibetter a time when the plishment; Spring mate in all fields of activity is to preserved and handled cleanly. Our

fabrics. finer better of and Our this that us has told The Creator

are better outfitted so much in homes ushered be would Canyon bedispensationrealized; that is the present age. clothing is more comfortable and life in the that of a century home its carried to—impelled—and glorious end by the pouring out of ago would indeed seem primitive.

his spirit and influence upon all Furthermore, these economic and social just changes not have made in take a hand nations. would He

life pleasant, lengthhave but more the guide affairs and of the men it. peraverage the ened In 1830 inchildren. His his COAL of destinies

fluence would be felt in every son in this country lived less than years, lives he whereas today 40 endeavor, and progressive worthy in Season Any capita the per In 55 years. characterize indeed would which

it is wealth was fullness, $300.00—today1830 with dispensation this

is It over almost $3,000.00. accomwith completeness, with hardest, cleanest, Utah's this needless that economic to say

plishment. possible condition educais makes coal be hottest to going years little a hundred over A cultural tional, recreational and in greater than demand Son, His Father, and the ago, God pursuits hitherto imwere which fall this winter. ever and to Joseph appeared Christ Jesus possible.

sigthe vision, glorious a in only Customers want Smith who into reached only has not This to are unable nificance of we which in best coal the long have also centers population of our but then were they fully, for grasp recognized superiority the to rural communities. our farms and achievement, of era this in ushering used the farmer of Whereas 1830 Spring of Knight Canyon. this fullness, of dispensation this

cradle, scythe, the other the and years progress. Some of century

tools, reaper, the has he poor now it of direction Heavlater, coal, the longlasting under A tractor, the harvester the combine the bearing name this en, Church, saves while money you his other and machinery modern on organMaster, its was and of Head to better burning the farm. of much then His was home of God, the power ized, so that by type, "candlelit"with plumbno in furnace advantage your spirit his is Priesthood, his which necessities ing, the bare hardly and stove. and hearts the and carried to be might life. it is inof only not Today earth. all the in of minds men finitely better then, than but comWhat has been the result? In pares well with the city home,

the field of religion there has been having telephones, radio, furnaces, a revolution of thought and docall electrical appliances and what the trine equalled even not by life social the not. the of And

truths of life Reformation. The entirely farmer, almost was which KNIGHT revelation, restored at this time by in to his confined 1830 home own

by discovery, or by experience of is now as full and complete as his so have nature changed whatever brother's, to city the auto, thanks lives daily FUEL the that of our complex other the railway of means and the past of a century ago, and the speedy transportation. He has also

present are as of two different been able to increase the quality of CO. worlds.

his strain of products, improve "real his years ago, One hundred L. E. ADAMS, livestock, increase and many times earning the proportionate wages,"

General Sales the productivity of the soil from a little buying Agent and power—was livelihood. he wrests his 818 Building in which Newhouse half less than what it is today

the United States and Great Britain. In 1830 the knowledge of the

Address given by Lucy W. Smith over wisest medical men would be alKSL on the Mutual Hour for Sunday, most laughing stock today. They

Sept. 22, 1929. were so limited as to be almost

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 75

helpless. Since that year Rudolph such a part of our life that we

Virchow discovered the principle easily forget they were undreamed i just a century ago. Pasof Louis cellular pathology.of

have been the l Simultaneous scientist the greatestteur, perhaps FLOWERSof all time, and the father of bacstrides in transportation means and first railway the In 1830 i his important methods.teriology, made

five years And the world was system in unshackledcontributions which the medical profession to a marvelold, and both steam engine and ious extent; and Lister, applying horses were used to pull its cars. At I GIFTS FOR!

these discovered truths gave birth least one steamship had crossed the i the without not but surgery. antiseptic knowlocean,to The aid of Every Occasion

first sails. crossing allsteam The involved gainededge by these

sciences, and the use of anaesthetics was in 1832. Since that time,

are fundamentals of the medical palatial liners have been built profession, and all have been added which bring the ports of the world within the century of progress. close together, and make an ocean

The work of preventive medicine voyage a pleasure, and not a thing has entirely abolished certain formto be abhorred. Our modern railerly uncontrollable plagues and way systems span the continents

diseases, and brought others well and provide swift and safe travel under control. This has been the at small cost. And following these

types of travel important we two are not only whowork of those its take seen the automobile have individual, but withconcerned necessity, as bringing with a place health public and its manywith j Miller's Ellison's 8 all it the world. roads over good complications. varied Bubonicand

I air travel so developed has Finally smallpox, diphleprosy,plague, 50 E. So. Temple! 10 E. Broadway 1

is It entirely its gone. that novelty scurvy, cholera, typhus,theria,

typhoid fever are only some of the is a permanent, accepted institution.

ghastly afflictions which used to The flight of Lindbergh, with his harass mankind, and which modheavier than air machine, and the OGDEN STORE ern sanitary methods and medical world cruise of the air liner, Graf

Zeppelin, point merely the way of 2412 Washington Ave. abolished. almost havetreatment

this field. in future growth available to the knowledgeIndeed

care for human bodies and alleviate Our construction engineers now suffering is almost entirely the build with speed and economy product of the past one hundred great edifices that would have been years, and the progress made has impossible of erection in 1 830.\

been colossal. The use of steel, which is a new

building, in development and the field physical sciences of the The cement discovery of Portland record are A FOOD—vital as Sunshine remarkable equallyhas an

factors imtremendous of but two time. stretch this offor Were we of in the development

its status of port toto return power arts. constructive architectural and civilization present our1830, utility let the the ICE CREAM just mention us And that time one vanish.would At lighting, plumbing, of modern

knew manpower, windpower, heating and electrical appliances.

waterpower and steampower.

Only the latter was any improveIn the chemical and industrial MADE WITH SELECTED lines discoveries inventions the and centuries, the previous onment WHIPPING CREAM legion, been and have we now its at that application time wasand exceedingly restricted. The same produce speedily articles which

is true of light. Only very simple were formerly the product of tediinefficient forms were in use, such ous manufacture. We even produce For Your Next

previously we what to primitive man; syntheticallyas were known

soil. in the had to raise The Party Try great plants todaybut we have

which can generate and distribute modern chemist is a veritable mapower and light in much more efgician from the standpoint of a ficient and readily available form to century ago.

whole communities. This learning has been made Space allows only a mere menpossible of dissemination because Sunfreze

tion of the development in means of the efficiency of the press, which of communication. Not only have makes newspapers and books readthe vehicles which carry tangible ily accessible to all. Ice Cream

messages been speeded up, but man All these new ways and means has discovered much swifter means have completely changed the status HOME MADE relations. his ideas of There isto from convey and desires human no HOME CONSUMED are isolation. teleAll businesses another. more place toone The

graph, telephone, wireless, radio, interallied and dependent upon HOME OWNED and now television have become one another. Nations are tied to76 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

gether by the bands of commerce has reached out into the field of life trade. and welfare reform, knits us social and work Our groupPerfect IEAIR all classes affecting together socially, economically types of and and For CATTLE, HOGS

and SHEEP to such an extent that a man is people. The child is the object

MADE IN 3 SIZES indeed his brother's keeper. of much more care and attention

To meet and cope with these than was his greatgrandfather, for fastevolving, everchanging conwe have learned that he not only ditions the governments of the has rights, but he is the man and world have been revolutionized may become the leader of his own both as to functions and methods. generation.

Autocracy has given way to demoAn interesting development has cratic government and a spirit of been the opening and settling of progressive disputes permeates the freedom between many apparent COMPANY SALT LAKE STAMP

West religion socalled the emancipaand socalled EALakeTAGS City, Utah world. Through BroadwayTHE ORIGINATORS OF SEIPP1ERCINGSail

Send for Free Samples tion of women the doors of unscience. And the outcome of these

limited achievement are open to issues has ever affirmed the belief

male and female, is now allowed truths can be at variance. Real Remember her. The common citizen, both of Latterday Saints that no two

THE PERFECT EAR TAG to participate in the governing knowledge of facts, gained in any

IS THE of his resident state. This spirit way, will always be substantiated

has spread beyond national boundby further true experimentation

Old Reliable aries and we stand on the threshold and discovery.

of an era of internationalism. Let us again ask the question.

to recognize Why this outpouring of discovery, EAR TAGS, RUBBER STAMPS, We have learned

METAL SIGNS, STENCILS, the need and importance of natural research, invention and achieveBADGES, ETC. wholesome recreation and the ment? The great results are about

Church has made an enviable name us. One cannot deny that great

Salt Lake Stamp for itself by fostering constructive and effective forces and influences

Company programsall firms, forschoolsleisureandtime.civicTodayunits experienceare at work.it is difficultWith ourto identifylimited

41 West Broadway (Third South) provide for this human need. or grasp them; but inspired men

Phone Wasatch 3097 Not only have our actions and of God have pointed out the ways 75 STEPS WEST OF ways of doing been revolutionized by which we can know of a surety

WALKERS'NEW ARCADE WINDOWS by this century but also our ideals wherefore these things have been and ways of thinking. We have done. The Lord has poured out

become critical. We want evidence. his spirit upon all nations. He

prepared the for the conmere existence of a notion or has The wayPATRONIZE THE his a practice purposes, of justification summation and is not we enough for its continuance. Its recognize in this century of unHOME ROAD truth or its utility must be demequalled progress, the dispensation

of the scientific Fulness onstrated. spirit, of Times. This R. is U. R. a Utah RailThe S. L. &

used, has where properly done serving'Salt peopleroad Utah between FOR PROGRAM NOVEMBER fallacies the City, PaysonLake with many of and Magna. A full away (Women's Separate Division) freight ratesline of with superior the past of and misconceptions and

Nov. p. 715. service. carloadfreight all your Route 5—Sarah—Oct. of progress, up new avenues r a c t i c a 1 L,. opened Nov. "S. via Journal,Nutrition—-Oct. shipments merchandiseand 1 2—P Universities schools and other Journal, 721. page L. C. L. R. on R."Free drayage& V.freight. of lower and higher learning have Nov. 1 9—Spirit of the Home—Sept.

Journal, page 628. all the over country sprung up and

38 DAILY TRAINS PASSENGER Nov. sent out. 26—Sociology—Outlines carefully pedagogical out worked

lesson, (The "Rebekah,"which was fares. service at Frequent low Weekto plans available education make to stake presidents, mailed is for Decemsale tickets each excursion onend it. all to. wish Education 3 instead of ber 5 as indicated) Nov. who limited to followreturn Mondayweek,

ing date of sale.

Mileage and commutation books two cents per mile. Community Activity Department

E. E. Ericksen, Emily C. Adams, Chairmen; Heber C. Iverson, John

H. Taylor, W. O. Robinson, Don Wood, Joseph F. Smith, Charlotte

Ride the Big Red Cars! Stewart, Elsie T. Brandley, Katie C. Jensen.

Course of Study SALT LAKE AND UTAH RAILROAD Motion Pictures For November 5 consideration, and none can deny (Orem Line). that it is one of the outstanding

OTION Pictures is a field problems in the recreational life ofAsk Agents for Information or Address Massigned to the Community today. If you have a motion picAMon J. Anderson, T. M., Salt Lake City Activity Committee for study and ture projecting machine in your

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 77

ward, the problem becomes more will eat. It is impossible to takeacute, and the study of it will be in everything the cameras click off, "This is the Place"

colored by the experience you have and one of the great powers to be FOR ALL had in connection with it, but if developed in.this generation is theyou have not a machine, your repower of wholesome choice. MUSICAL

sponsibility in striving to improve see do thisthe quality of the pictures shown Do the movies you INSTRUMENTS in your community is none the less for you?

serious. Mrs. E. L. Saunders of Little

Of great help will be the little Rock, Ark., won second prize in a

paper called National Indorsers of national contest with the followPhotoplays, published monthly, ing:

and mailed free upon application to interested individuals and groups. Why I like the Movies

Send your request to that publicaBecause they entertain and intion at R R M, Box 39H, Indianstruct me.

apolis, Ind., and you will be put Because they carry me to the

on the regular mailing list. The corners of the earth, and show me

Educational Screen is a most excelthings I could never expect to see lent magazine to study in this conotherwise.

nection. Because they widen my knowlIn surveying the motion picture edge of the world, expand my

field, it has been found that by far ability to grasp life's problems, the majority of attendants are chilenlarge my range of tolerance to dren, and in this light, we should others of differing views, develop consider it almost a sacred duty to my ambitions, and amplify my joy try to get the best to be had in this of living.

line. Children are extremely im- (National Indorsers of Photopressionable, and a movie of vicious plays)

irreparable nature harm might do Specialize We as as to an well a child, to

IN SUPPLYING adoeyesIf weset looktowarduponthethelight,movieswe withwill lescent.

Before getting into the technical find ourselves refusing to sit through trashy shows, and deBands—Schoolsdiscussion of the problems conmanding the best. Someone has Orchestras and all fronting us, it might be well to

said are that pictures desmotion more and define the work in hand, Organizations tined greatest the in to be edMusical power are the field we fully comprehend

Consolidated Music in ucation Co. is known throughthe whole world; and

considering. of the as breadth land a the length the basic the confronting problem grade highest Music outQUALITY is andStore—carrying picture industry motion The the upholding and HIGHEST is nation personal education and organizaChurch TRADITIONS. importance, instrumentsMUSICAL in as fourth rated

to instinctively responsibility, turn individuals the part of not and on industries. day Every all world their to among MUSICAL tionsCONSOLIDATED exhibitor, of the producer and but will instrumentfill you requirements. want ANY it millions lives of the reaches into obligatrial more sent with no be on FREE public.

if store and into our walked tion than you for touches them people, and of counter. the material the subject over instruments the For of on examined

ill. ideals of Ideas or and good

as Pictures educational Motion an influenced life are phases of various

I. refer factor, the to ORGANISTS, A. M. Hand is it see, for pictures the we by pages 16769; Book, Book Hand imour that of estimated LEADERS CHOIR 80% 2829. pages Supplement, eye. the are pressions taken through Alt Music Here Send For Your

Through the movies, even children Questions: We carry the most complete line of Sheet

in Teachthe supplies West. and understand are enabled to see and service find Music—Booksers our stock our and and students can be learned from a What

all times. at depend they upon can something travel history, customs,

picture? scenes, good untruth, flights truth of fancy, and in can people educated be How fiction. Classics of literfact and pictures? choosing good

eyes, their before ature unfold FREEON ANY MUSICALTRIALINSTRUMENT may effect of Discuss the names of the obnoxious followed most by imaginations the upon THIS CONSOLIDATED TO COUPON of MAIL slapstick comedy. of type people. A picturesyoung interested in State and it instrument you is in education of wrapped world will to without sent be on you TRIAL areFREE objectives be our should What in advance. a one instrument Whether picture, the whether and motion

field? in picture the today. instrument State or coupon motion

shall that be education worthwhile you penny100—sendwant. is to proper done promote What the depends or harmful, upon

in in the order movies your comName picturegoing great the verdict of munity?

Address public, for box office receipts are allpowerful, of thing and the sort For November 12 is the the public patronizes thing commercially minded producers X/TANY wards not having moCONSOLIDATED will continue to feed them. The tion picture machines in their

is Music great feast before spread Company a fine possession rendered have own us—it VISIT IN SALT LAKE US WHEN task to is our deservice bit of make through community our own

cisions regarding which foods we joining forces with the commercial 121 So. Main—Salt Lake

78 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

Attention Church exhibitorting one nightin theira weektown,set andapartgetas sensationalare characterkind,sketchesand mostof ofa themhigh

M. I. A. night at the movies. On type.

Officials this occasion, the committee was If audiences are liking the finer permitted to select the picture to be sort of movies, it is a gross injustice shown, given the right to sell tickto them to give them inferior ones ets, and allowed to share in the Lists of pictures recommended proceeds of the evening, above a by various federations of clubs

Headquarters for seating Chapels, certain amount. One stake underand welfare agencies for exhibition

as follows: The Patriot;Amusement Halls, Class Rooms and took such a move for their own are project last year, with the results Sorrell and Son; The Last ComSeminaries with Pews, Portable Folding that they were invited to use two mand; Four Sons; The Street

Chairs (both wood and steel), Tablet nights instead of one, as the attendAngel; The Crowd; The King of

Arm Chairs, Kindergarten Chairs. muchance hadbetter,increased,and thethe atmosphereorder was Ark;Kings;Annapolis;The Air Interference;Circus; Noah'sThe

on of '98; Wind, I. A. night was better than Trail Wings; M. The

Best possible prices on all office nights. other Barber; King Cowboy; Napoleon

supplies, furniture and equipment. You might try this idea in your The Land of the Silver Fox:

community. Looping the Loop; Prep and Pep;

Home of the Mimeograph and Movies for the Many; Plays for The Viking.

Few. Mimeograph Supplies the

drama appeals to hundreds For children, some suitable pic- "The of people, but the movies appeal to tures are:

millions,"Louis K. Anspacher, lecOne Man Dog F. B. O.

turer, said in two addresses before Outlawed F. B. O.

Fox Big 50,000.- The Hop large audiences. "About

Paramount Dummy in one The the movies to go UtahIdaho School 000

Pioneer Faces West All States. Onein the United week Collar Warner Dollar Million Supply Co> fifth of the population is at the Steamboat Bill, Jr. (Buster Keaton)—

show every week. In the face of United Artists

"Everything for Office and School"this fact the movies must offer Uncle Tom's Cabin Universal

Lake) (Arthur Harold Teen types. to all to appeal What Street variety State 5 So. First National J 5

is their enjoy? What do they National -First Rogers) (Will Texas Steer Salt City Lake

mental capacity? How much of a The Raider Emden (German Cast)

background do they contribute to German Prod. the understanding of those things That Certain Thing (Viola Dana)—

Columbia seem the intellectual to which Par. Corp. Stark Fam. Lasky Love i obvious? Fairbanks, (Douglas Curve Man's Dead | Stores at Salt Lake—Ogden—Logan i[ is F. Jr.) influence B. O. of the movie "The

.Pathe Roque) 'Em, Yale La (Rod tsnwftw incalculable for good or evil. The Aflame in the Sky (Jack Luden).F. B. O.

Universal We Americans (Big Chaser Boy) Gloom BOOT SHOP averagemovie ispersonthe magicaway carpetfrom hisforownthe TheHold part of the world. Education will Educational

Educational Wandering Toy enThe almost be conducted East Broadway eventually No. 1 Travelogue Hodge Lyman Howe movies. the mind The tirely by SchrammJohnson's Undtr Educational Podge material better than visual retains (Felix Educational the Cat) Eskimotize

the heard facts. We must be fair Terror Mountain (Jane Reid, Frankie

Your Shoes Are a in our judgment of both drama Darrow) F. B. O.

and movies. Each has its definite AH Bear (Curiosities) F. B. O.

Part of the Picture place in our lives. Let us use both Rah, Rah, Rah (Dorothy DeVore) F. B. O.

for our betterment."Laugh, Clown, Laugh (Lon Cbaney)

like people good M. G. M. young That

G. M. is the Circus Rookies (Karl Dane)..M. fairly well Shoes must be in movies proved by

Killing (Wallace Beery, the RayBig with The harmony great a survey many made among Paramount Hatton) mond if outfit rest of the as to students high school Pathe (Comedy) Lion Lady their A they are going to favorite pictures. Happiness Ahead (Colleen Moore)

First National The tabulated results were as attractthe to add (Barbara Univ. Kent) Eagle Lone The

s s of the follows: i v e n e Costello, (Dolores Betsy Glorious Conof ten favorites First the boys

Parade, Geste, wearer. Beau The Big Old TheradCrowdNagel)(Joan Crawford)WarnerM. G.Bros.M.

Ironsides, Ben Hur, The Better West Point (William Haynes) M. G. M.

Ole, the Winning of Barbara The Fortune Hunter (Syd Chaplin) $3.95—$4.95—$5.95 I Worth, Variety, The Four HorseTerror Mountain (Tom Tyler,WarnerFrankieBros.

men of the Apocalypse, The ScarDarrow) I F. B. O.

let Letter, The Sea Beast. In addiLyman Howe Scenics Hodge Podge

Meet Your Friends at the tion to these, the girls listed The Educational

COLLEGE BOOT SHOP i Vanishing American, Stella Dallas, WanderingOutdoor ScenicsToy (Robert Bruce) and Brown of Harvard. None of Educational

these pictures are of the awfully Wild Wool Educational

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 79

The Night Cloud Educational The Perfect Crime -F. B. O. it to a plane higher than the ordi-

*Out of the Ruins First National fHome James Universal nary movie. If you haven't a

Arts United Fox WomanfRevenge No Other machine, secure the cooperation of fKi't Paramount Carson Paramountt Beggars of Life fThe Cameraman M. G. M. fCrooks Can't Win F. B. O. the local exhibitor, and put into

Pathe interest care the and event Walls the same M. G. M.*Four The Cop

Red Mark Pathe In '. Paramount The recreaThe Fleet's as in your would you own

Universal the Mighty fTarzan Exp. WalkerArbuthnot Africafin hall. choice of picture (For tion Mysterious Airman Cooperative Arts United fThe Lovers*Two Supplement.) Book Hand Pathe see Yellow Cameo Girl Pathe fThe Godless*The

Lilac Time First National Indicates Adult.

The Man Who Laughs Universal f Indicates Children. Children's Matinees

Shadows of So. Seas M. G.White M. One of the special recreational T N some wards and communities, Fox Street Angel

Four Sons Fox events for the year is a feature mo- * they have found that by runfA Ship Comes In Pathe tion picture. If you have equipning a Saturday morning children's

fCaught in the Fog Warner ment in your ward, start early to matinee, with selected pictures, real

LegionForeign Universal plan for this ideal movie evening. success results. The children are Faces Paramount Forgotten

"("Vanishing Pioneer Paramount Music, community singing and given pictures they like, and are in

Oh Kay First National other innovations between reels consequence willing to stay home fExcess Baggage M. G. M. will do much toward imbuing the from the grownups pictures, makof York Lights New all. are a flowers, it nice for Children Warner occasion ing charm; with

of Case Capt. Ramper Strange

heels, eat reception proper allowed high to wear committee, not and First National

The Terror Warner advertising will do much to lift rich food, and stay up as late at

r >! i* "* *i

Congratulations to the f NEW ERA

Obtain a Thorough Business Education

In A School That Has A National Reputaion

THESE STUDENTS HAVE WON EIGHTEEN TYPEWRITERS IN LOCAL AND NATIONAL CONTESTS is a Good Time to Start. New Students Are Enrolling Each Week—Now

None of our Graduates are out of Employment.

See Our School in Session—Visitors Welcome.

Henager's Business College Phone Wasatch 2753 J. c. henager-d. b. moench 45 East Broadway

! ii m 80 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

as a regular music as their have parents; should Do you whySEND night

If so, occasions? such the to see on same feature them we take

shows, when they are just as inwhat effect does it have?

at all music digesting assimilathave any of capable and Do youChristmas Cards of the as showing they and during properly are unbefore ing them suitable food? a picture? What kind? Does the

They are an Expression of If the Community Activity music director help in this regard?

is for the responsible pictures shown?Thoughtfulness Appreciated by Committeean agency workingis to beforrecognizedthe good ofas choosingWho of

Your Friends. their fellowmen, they must get Has your stake done anything

farther and farther away from the in the nature of exchanging ideas

Doubly Impressive if Chosen diumidea thatof moneyexchangeis thein recreation.main meregardingWhat sortgoodof andadvertisingbad pictures?do you

At Pembroke's Minds, ideals, characters are being use?

handled as well, and these need The name of M. I. A. should

You Should See The careful and prayerful consideration. not be used to advertise a picture

Questions to be Considered if it is not up to the standards of

NorcressEtchings for November 19 the organization.

After discussing the foregoing have a motion feel that picture questions, your if you HolmesWood Cuts DOmachineyou in your ward? write helpful, been findings have

KeytingParchments Do you rent one? down the results, and mail them

Do you have one in the comto the General Board Office, 34

BuzzaNovelty Cards munity? Bishop's Building. You might

Have you tried cooperating have discovered ways of doing this this in presenting a comany groups other would work which They Are Priced Right Too with night entertainment? ward the benefit appreciate. us have Let

If so, did you have the privilege of it.

Course Reading for the Commu- (For Committee. Activity Pembroke Co. of Whatchoosingpicturethe canpicture?you remember nity

24 E. Broadway seeing, in your own hall or the Nov. 26.) commercial movie house, during

Established 1883 the past year? As explained in the Hand Book

Discuss them and the possible Supplement, there is no one book effect they might have on children. specified to be read by this comHave you noticed audiences after mittee. There are so many phases

actuatspirit the and of work, our picture? of a the showing What ENSENSJEWELERS it, things lovely so ing and many are note? did you What *M MAIN ST J EST. 167 5 reactions that to it, it was pertaining written feelings after seeing a your own

highly sensational picture? After deemed advisable to review several

or in part books, and print good a deeply religious or idealistic For Diamonds seeing arfull magazine outstanding in one?

and Watches Do you have access to any edticles appropriate for our use. ucational film magazines? Have The first review, "What Men

Come to Jensen's you studied them carefully? Many Live By,"by Richard Cabot, M.

the old reliable excellent suggestions are contained D., is published elsewhere in this

jewelers. in these publications. issue of the Era. For the last TuesWRIST Do you have good order in your day in November it is recommendWATCHES community? If not, why? ed that it be studied and discussed.

with metal bands Special $10 Gleaner Girls Department

Others $5 to $100 COMMITTEE Emily H. Higgs, Chairman

Grace C. Neslen Ray G. Taylor Martha G. Smith

Beautiful Diamond Evening, o Rings The Music Project—An

$50—$100—$150 Music Appreciation

S. ANDERSON Watch and Jewelry Repairing ETHEL

The Opera THE BOHEMIAN GIRL a for genius with an Irishman was ENSENS4EWELERS WILLIAM MICHAEL j Tl MAIN ST. it EST. 167 5 a of dancing melody. The son of the BALFE, composer

Sponsors of the Correct Time Over KSL light opera, "The Bohemian Girl,"master, Balfe had his first musical.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 81

instruction from his father. He hoof. They sing, "In a Gypsy's T"

played the violin as a young boy Life,"and invite Thaddeus to join for the dancing classes, but he had their band. He consents. Soldiersfew advantages for real musical inare reported coming that way. In CITY

struction. A polacca which he a moment the gypsies strip the solwrote in his eighth year was so dier's dress from Thaddeus and asgood that a friendly bandmaster, they are putting on a gypsy's frock COAL

Meadows, could not persuade his a roll of parchment, with seal at-!men that young Balfe was the tached, falls at the feet of Devils- | COMPANY

author of the piece. When he was hoof, who seizes it.

Exclusive Agents Forten -he composed the first of his Devilshoof.—What's this?ballads. One writer says, "Balfe Thaddeus.—-My commission! It

is the great I possess, thing earth musician, only onwas no not he had "Sweet's I willeven instinct never the part and with for dramatic it. j music, nor much artistic conscience, He snatches it, conceals it in his

but he had a remarkable fund of bosom and has just time to mix invention of a certain sort, the with the gypsies when a body of ipractical knowledge of writing fluthe Emperor's soldiers enter in purGordon ently for the voice; the power of suit.

.producing melodies of the kind Officer.—(scrutinizing gypsies)

that fasten themselves deep in the Have you seen any one pass thispopular heart."way, any stranger? | Creek

is "Killarney"a one of the most Dev.—No

of Balfe'sfamous compositions and young Polish soldierone—stay—yes,ran by just

is considered one of the most beaunow, and passed up those rocks.

tiful of.Irish melodies. His balOfficer.—That's he—t hanks COAL Not a Clinker in a Car Loadlads are so melodious, simple and friend—. Forward! (Exeunt

direct in their appeal that they soldiers up rocks) speak for themselves. It was beAt this moment loud shouts and

cause of these ballads in advance alarms are heard. Florestein en1242 South West Temple

of, "The Bohemian Girl"that ters, evincing the greatest alarm

Balfe the hearts of found a place in the terror, bringing and news that Hyland 3131all peoples. Englishspeaking the her attendant Count's child and

Unlike the grand operas whose have been attacked by a wild stag.

plots are usually so dark and tragic, Thaddeus rescues the child who "The Bohemian. Girl"has a very has been gored in the arm by the

happy ending. The libretto was infuriated animal. In his gratitude Kaspar J. Fetzer, Manager

written by an English operatic the Count invites the gypsies to the manager, Alfred Bunn. The hunting dinner. During the course Mrs. Marie F. Mueller, Secretary

opera was first produced in Drury of the festivities Thaddeus refuses

Lane, London, 1843. to drink the health of the Emperor

The incidents of Balfe's opera and is about to be arrested whenare supposed to occur in Hungary. Devilshoof interferes and is himself Salt Lake

Preparations for a hunt are in confined in the Castle while Thadprogress upon the grounds of deus is permitted to go. TheCount Arnheim, governor of Presgypsies depart. Devilshoof climbs Cabinet & burg. Scene one discloses the from the window and steals the

chateau and grounds of Count little Arline, making his escape bvArnheim on the Danube near Preschopping down the bridge after he Fixture Co* burg. On one side is the principal has crossed the ravine.

entrance to the castle. Opposite Between acts one and two, Bank, Office, Church and Store

is a statue of the Emperor. On the twelve years are supposed to elapse.

rising of the curtain, retainers of During this time the Count has Fixtures a Specialty preparing for are discovered daughter given up histhe Count lost. -—Fine Cabinet Work and joined the chase. has the gypsy Thaddeus Count Arnheimfor

his effeminate nephew Florestein band, among whom Arline has enter, followed by various neighgrown to be a beautiful maiden boring nobles, huntsmen, etc. The of seventeen. The second act disCount bids all welcome and they closes the gypsy camp by moonare off, singing, "Away to the Hill light. On the opposite side of the

and Glen."The Count's little stage are houses, one of which, a

daughter, Arline, begs Buda, her hotel, is lighted up. Arline is disOffice: 3234 Richards Street

attendant, to let her go a little way, covered asleep on a tiger skin, so they go off, following a foot Thaddeus is watching over her. As Phone Wasatch 3210

path by the side of the rocks. the curtain rises, a Patrol of the

Thaddeus, a Polish exile and City Guard marches by and as soon Factory: 142840 So. West Temple

fugitive, appears in flight from the as they have disappeared, DevilsPhone Hyland 1311

Austrian soldiers. Then comes a hoof and a party of his men

troop of gypsies headed by Devilswrapped in cloaks, suddenly apSALT LAKE CITY:..

32 The Improvement Era For November, 1929 pear. They sing "Silence, the Arline.—And do you love me

MUSIC is the one LadySilence, Moon."the Lady Moon still?Thad.—More than life itself.

is there a mystery Arline.—Yet link that makes for AndIs thewearyonly ofwitnesswatching,now 'chanceawake,she soon between (Pointing our affections.

To sleep will herself betake. to her arm). The mark on this Better Girls and Devilshoof. arm which I have seen you so often

Boys! WillThere'srewarda deedtheto riskdo whoseand pains.gains mystery.contemplate,By isthe thelove keyyou tosay thatyou

it. (The gypsies draw their daggers bear me solve

and appear delighted) Thaddeus then discloses to her the fact that the scar on her arm

Dev.—was inflicted by the stag from

Fie, fie, to a gentlemen when you appeal which he rescued her, but he does his purse You may draw without drawnot enlighten her as to her birth steel. ing your

there united for her is then and and respect C Q CONN With bows and politeness and with great and family. He declares his love

than he can at first the You can take more cusin accordance with to her

Band Instruments (Pointing tosuspect.the lighted wintomsQueen ofwhothe appearstribe by atthethisGypsymovenge- however, She, vows ment. hotel) of the dows happier 1000's making Are pair as she the ance secretly upon

See in goblets where deep special attention and give We is herself rite, she for the sense they have they steep performs What supervision to school and Ward Watch here! till each to his home in love with Thaddeus. The

Boards. Shall reel on his doubtful way Queen then sings "Bliss Forever

Watch here! and the goblets foam Past."

each make Any instrument sold on easy terms. Will an easy prey The scene changes and we see the Silence! this way.

gypsy band as a part of the throng

Write in for Information As the gypsies retire upstage, at a fair in the streets of Presburg.

GLEN BROS.-ROBERTS FloresteinHe is elegantlystaggersdressed,out ofwiththe chain,hotel. Thethe GypsyopeningBride,"song,is "Comevery melodiwith

rings, etc., rich medallion and a of character the gypsy ous and PIANO CO.

his neck. is easily desaround He is felt strongly here more music

161 S. Main, Salt Lake poiled of his jewelry, Devilshoof than in the other pages of the opera.

making off with the medallion. Florestein also makes his apWhile the others are dividing the pearance in the crowd and, being

rest of the spoil, the Gypsy Queen quite attracted by the beautiful Arappears on the scene and demands line, addresses her, which she vigarticles. stolen return the they HEALTH that resents. recogQueen orously The

off, gone as they have soon As of the Florestein owner nizing in

Arline, who has been awakened by the medallion (which she has preCOMES the noise, comes from the tent, folviously demanded of Devilshoof) lowed by Thaddeus. She relates gives it to Arline, ostensibly to

her dream in the beautiful aria, "I reward her for her spirit, really FIRST Dreamt I Dwelt In Marble Halls". with the purpose of brewing

This is one of the favorite melodies trouble. The trouble comes when

All our efforts, no matter how directed of the opera Florestein sees the trinket upon deobject we have in view, whator on our accomplishment forpend WithI dreamtvassalsI dweltand inserfsmarbleat myhalls,side. itsArline'stheft. neckIn defendingand chargesherherThadwith

health. That explains the countryAnd of all who assemble within those deus is arrested also.

walls Fleischmann's interest in the newwide scene the changes and Again

I the pride. was the and hope That containing Yeastfor-Healthirradiated is in his apartment Arnheim Count I riches great too to count had vitamin D.the "sunshine"gives utand the Hall in of Justice a ancestral boast name, of high Could

But I also dreamt, which pleased me most terance to his grief at the loss of his still same, that loved the you me Heart the in daughter it. aria—"The grocer about your Ask me. loved He Thatyou Arline is brought Down."Bowed its health value explain will still same. loved the me You

sees trial. the for before He him the it corrects of many how

ills to which people are sub- I dreamt that suitors sought my hand. scar on her arm and asks its origin.

ject under modern living and That knights upon bended knee Arline repeats the story Thaddeus with no maiden vows And whereupon told her, recently heart could has working conditions. withstand.

as his lost her recognizes the Count their faith pledged in me. They

And I dreamt that one of that noble host daughter.

I also pleased dreamt But which me most stored the castle position in to her Fleischmann's Came forth my hand to claim. The third act shows Arline restill loved you the same, That me still that of She Arnheim. Count loved me, you

Yeast You loved me still the same. Devilshoofsecretly pinescontrivesfor her togypsyget Thadlover.

At the end of the song Thaddeus into the castle and secures an

SERVICE deus presses Arline to his heart. interview with Arline. He avows

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 83

his love for her again and as he instead. At this opportune moment

believes his bride forever lost to the curtain falls as the chorus sings, him he sings, 'Then You'll Re- "Ah, What Full Delight."

member Me."They are interruptNote-—It is desirable that as

ed, however, by the Count's apmany of the selections as possible proach and Thaddeus hides in a be heard by the class. Many of the

closet as the guests arrive for a solos are available on records and reception in honor of the newlythere are two records which contain Standard found heiress. gems or short themes from the

In the midst of the festivities the opera. Arrangements for some reGypsy Queen arrives, closely veiled producing machine may be made Seminary

for disguise and reveals the presence beforehand, and the person giving of lesson Thaddeus. is dragged forth this should be thoroughly He Pinsfrom his hiding place familiar of the recwith the music and ordered

to leave the house. Arline declares ords before playing them before made by us have a finer finish and

her love for him and implores her the class. will cost you less.

father to relent. The Count deIt might be possible in many

nounces him as an outcast but of the wards to have a Gleaner Girl Made with any guard complete

Thaddeus proudly claims equality and an M Man dress in appropriate girl), thewith (the costume sing Count, and through his noble gypsy $2.00 IPolish ancestry In he celebrates "I Dreamt which Marble Dwelt

in the song, "Fair Land of PoHalls,"and the boy, "Then You'll Order direct or through your local land."He produces his papers Remember Me."The class might Jeweler. Pins kept in stock at all

which verify his words. The like to participate in singing the times for quick delivery. Initials on

Count yields and gives his daughnumber, "Hail to the Gypsy pins without extra charges.

ter to Thaddeus. The Queen Bride."The musical numbers

transported with jealous rage, should be interspersed throughout causes one of the gypsies to fire at the story as they occur. It is im-

a listening Arline, that embracinghim as he is attitude but portant be Taylor & Company isDevilshoof at hand. maintained the person in charge by He knocks

the weapon, and averts the bullet to insure active listening by the 162 South Main Street from Thaddeus. It kills the Queen class. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Room 206 Phone Was. 5123

I Utanut and Vitanut A Message to M Men Utah's Health Nut By THOMAS A. BEAL

order to develop the initiative which means the power to do the MargarinesIN of young men, and give them right thing at the right time withpractice in conducting a program, out being told; that is to say, are ideal as spreads for bread,

the "M"organization was created. "carry the message to Garcia."hot rolls and muffins. They

The real purpose of this organizaThe "M"work further provides are the finest, most healthful tion is to carry out more fully one opportunity, develops capacity and of the aims of Mutual Improvegives ambition, and with these shortenings.

three, properly balanced, success as set forth Brigham byment work be assured. is Buy them and build Utah Responsibility to the will teach namely,Young;

young men to preside over public another phase of the "M"work. Home Industry.

assemblies and to express themHere the young man is especially selves before the public. interested. The mantle of leadership Your grocer will supply you,

Brigham Young is reported to is given to him, and if he is of the or call the factory direct.

have defined education as "the right material this responsibility it out. will bring to think, to act, and to appower Responsibility

I preciate."is intended to develops faith, vision, The idea courage, ini-! Deseret Foods

be carried out in the M Men activitiative and other things that make ties. The young man is given an the world go round. Corporation

himself. foropportunity to think

is In "M"work, the young man 2246 Highland Drive theIn other words, "M"work given( responsibility. given He is i

will give the man the opportunity an opportunity to see what "M"Salt Lake City, Utah to develop leadership and initiative, stands for; namely, Minute men, S-wa

84 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

Manly men, Modest men, Mindit. With head, heart and hand,

ful men, Masculine men, Mutual put it over.

men and "Mormon"men. For Project, Radio Broadcast of

Knowing what "M"stands for, Social Customs in foreign lands young men, get your work under and Harvest Ball, see M MenCleaning & Dqeing C<x j way at once, and altogether go to Gleaner Department.

Every article which leaves -Gleaners Department our shop is not only cleaned M Men and beautiful but also guarCOMMITTEE objectionfree anteed from Combined M Men and Gleaners Committees cleaning maable odor of all

terials.

The Joint Project Mail orders handled carefully and promptly By THOMAS A. BEAL

"I Will Contribute Each Day to the Honor and

Salt Happiness ofMy Home"hake's honesty and all the other virtues in Master home is my temple—my Cleaners MYcastle. The Gospel is the my everyday contacts. In my

I will contribute to the spirit and blue print from which it is dehome

Dyers signed. I will defend its sacred of brotherly love, which will be

traditions by obedience to its laws generously used in the affairs of life. It will spirit of be the my I will principles. contribute Call Hy. 65 and featrather its physical than

it center of home the to it by making cherish shall in order which I I will ures and refinement. 444 East Second South St. culture its perto preserve happiness and shelter within its help to implant

the value of faith and virtue, that manency.

it may be an inspiration to a strong In brief, I will listen to the lespurpose and a lofty aim sons of obedience, diligence and

To bring honor and happiness truth and forsake not the instructo my home, I will give an abundtions of my father nor the law of

GAS! GAS! ancemembersof loveof myandhousehold.confidence toI willthe mandment,my mother. "HonorI will obeythy fatherthe comand

conduct myself so that it will rethy mother that thy days may be

tact, industry, perseverance, thy God giveth thee."GAS! flectuse credit on my home. I will long upon the land which the Lord

Everywhere you go you are reminded that Annual Recreational Event of this winter....

THOUSANDS WILL HEAT M MenGleaners

THEIR HOMES WITH The Harvest Ball

to brilliant colchanges the gradually of one Ball is Harvest ors of red and gold. year the of opportunities GAS! THEbig

is which a little There poem to Gleaners the and Men M your for convert either can reads: Remember!!—We to enterability their demonstrate or install Furnace into a Gas Furnace Coal field in is brown Autumn "The for is annually It scheduled tain. a new.... row, and and latter November, part of the

before long will be taking its place But goldenrod, and goldenglow, oak, aster and crimson of the Purple events traditional other with Rudy Gas Furnace a crimson spreading Sons'Sumack Outand M. L A.—Fathers

ings, Mothers and Daughters'cloak,

Days, and Gold and Green Balls. Apples red and pumpkins gold

The Harvest Ball should be all Perhaps it's gayer to be old."

lovely, implies—a create So let's make of the Harvest Ball Sugar House Lumber & thatsatisfyingthe nameaffair which will an atmosphere of beauty and an occasion of gaiety—the joyousHardware Company charm. The Autumn time is perness that comes from hearts thank-

"If It Goes In The Building We Sell It"hapsall thetheyear,mostforpicturesquethe foliagetimewhichof bounty;ful for theandfulnessperhapsof thewe season'smight

Phone Hyland 555 M. O. Ashton, Mgr. has been green for so long now spare a thought for the Pioneers,

.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 85

and what the harvest time meant to them. YOU CAN ASSIST

Invitations and Decorations In the DEVELOPMENT of YOUR COMMUNITY

Invitations may be general, or by Patronizing your LOCAL DEALER individual. If the affair is to be a

success it is essential that the M REMEMBER—

Men and Gleaners in charge of it Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a Necessity.

shall have consulted with the ward You can Seeand Inspect your Purchases from Him and Receive his or stake executives, to be sure that GUARANTEE of SATISFACTION.

for the is scheduled event otherno Contributes Largely to the Support of Local Churches, Schools, ColHe the Ball. for With chosennight leges, Institutions. Charitable and Public

this cooperation assured, the ofassistficers of the I. A. will M. in MONEY—affair, extendthe andadvertising

ing invitations to all members of Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER RETURNS to the ward. (If deemed advisable, BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

this event may be given as a stake party) The decorations will present nogreat problem, as the woods and ThcalfLake gardens are full of lovely leaves, 'cHardwareCo.

and the last flowers of the year Salt Lake City, Utah Pocatello, Idaho chrysanthemums. Corn stalks or Grand Junction, Colorado Wholesale Exclusively Boise, Idaho

other such things might be placed in corners to give the harvest atmosphere.

One Harvest Ball last year was made interesting by the fact that tickets were paid for with garden LATTERDAY SAINT GARMENTS later went to the Save Agent's fromproduce, which Commission—Buyindividual to order, Made DirectOLD or NEWOur ModernStyle. Factory the ward. of Thepoor families request. Samples submitted on

balls of the olden days were conducted along this plan, and it was No. For LADIES No. For MEN

great fun to figure revenue in terms 81 Flat Weave $.95 12 Ribbed Med. Light....$1.25

of squash, melons and apples. The 82 Ribbed Light Weight... 1.25 93 Ribbed Extra Fine 1.50

16 1.50 Med. Cotton Heavy 1.50 duality Cotton 83 Fine in placed was thus garnered food 1.75 dual..... 925 Med. Extra Wt. 1.05 862 Mercerized Fine an forming the hall, of corner 1.95 one 203 Wool.. Part Med. Heavy 1.50 Silk Stripe, 822 Med. Lisle....Wt 1.75 975 Med. Wt. Cotton Heavy fair booth, and countyimpromptu Silk Stripe.. 821 Fine Extra 2.50 1.95 930 NonRun Rayon the for Stripe, Silk 870 2.50 Wool.. Fart awarded were ribbons blue 2.25 Cot. 90 Hvy. Coarse Extra

best and biggest exhibits. If the 829 Rayon 1.95 970 Med, Liglit Silk Stripe.. 2.50

"Fair"idea appeals to you, it 820 Super duality Rayon 2.75 9107 Wool and Cotton Mix... 3.75

Style, light weights legs to might be carried further. Booths madeBewithSUREshortto specifysleeve andOLDthreequarteror NEW according areTEMPLEusually

erected all around the hall help to andPATTERN,long legs.the heavy weights are regularly made with long sleeves

create a holiday spirit, and various Iu ordering, to insure good fit, give bust measure, height and all interesting features may be introweight.parts of UnitedGarmentsStates.marked, 15c pair extra. We prepay postage to

duced in this manner. A "Beauty duality Highest—Prices Lowest

Parlor,"in which fair, whiteclad maidens give mustaches and curls SALT KNITTING LAKE STORE to formerly unadorned boys, is 70 Oldest Knitting Main Street, Salt Lake City Store in Utah great sport. A tencent charge,

which you will agree is very reasonable for such treatment, will help defray the expenses of the party, if the admissionvegetables in bakery contest for charity. go A their LONG is made the girls having novel,

bread, cake, or pie before the Ball, and competent judges passing upon ROYAL them during the course of the evening. The pastry or whatever it is could be added to the vege-'BREAD

tables and fruit to make lovely

Thanksgiving baskets for the needy ones in the community, or More Slices Per Loaf!

it could be sold to those who are having the threshers on the morrow. Or it might simply be

served, in conjunction with a little Fresh Every Day at Your Grocer's 86 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

H)WM<)1 apple cider or punch, as the refreshBut whatever we do in the line ing part of the party. of Harvest Ball, and however we

An interesting feature of the plan to do it, let us remember that BANKING program would be a dramatization this is an occasion when Thanksof dance customs, old and new. giving and its spirit of gentleness,

Have three or four couples dressed and gratitude is prevailing throughthe M Men SERVICE in the costume of the gay '90s who out the country; and

present customs and points of balland Gleaners have this splendid

In the long run, bank acroom etiquette of that day, and opportunity to show to the older that apprecihandled love that are best by them, counts ones who dance the dances, Polka, a few of the provides alive are love the ation in institution and which much etc. Schottische, Varsouvienne, makes into Let's which hearts of the youth. best facilities and put

banking the most convenient. (Any sociably inclined lady of that the Ball all the beauty and refinein to glad help the be day would capable, are of and which ment we steadilyhas institution This detail.) a simfollow with Then close the at evening have the the of providclientele its by increased ilar picturization present, of the I. for next anxious A. whole M. service and flawless banking ing

let their generations atboth fall and draw to they that come, might all its depositors to extending by affair. conclusions. another tend such own the identified courtesies with the

spirit of better business.

Social Customs in Foreign Lands Utah Savings (For December 3) & Trust Co. Radio Station M. I. A.—M Men Announcing

Main South 235 ends. like the other It looks and first interthe is probably THIS long doors wall with City, and winSalt Utah Lake hisone national in the hookup

at dows. a door, knock which We in every of Radio. Tonight

to Accounts—Savings happens entrance to the be the class MenGleaners of the MutoryM CheckingTrusts—Investments—Safe a family. of wealthy We tual in home Associations Improvement

received by a servant and taken into Deposit—Abstracts all the world this broadcast featare

Member Federal Reserve System uring the customs of the Mexicans one of the bed rooms. The beauty

is being conducted. of the room surprises us. The bed

It has been said that really to is a handcarved model of Louis the is covered with an exknow the Mexicans is really to love XIV and lace spread over THE NAME them. They are a warm, vibrant quisite handmade

people, generous to a fault and pink silk; the hangings at the winwilling to give their all for those dows are a combination of lace and

they love. From early childhood silk, which is most effective; the

they are taught etiquette and some entire room is furnished with exsay that the children of Mexico are quisite taste. We are so enraptured

the best behaved children in the that, for the moment, we do not world. One reason for this is that notice the arrival of the mistress of

in wellto-do homes there are the house. She is dressed in Amermany servants and if a child misican clothes and is very gracious.

on a box of candy or wrapper, Insures behaves the servants and not the She takes us into the living room and its door from and windows we the are upbraided bythe purchaser of the very finest in children see beautiful a in the center garden servthis makes the mother, and is a of fountain. sparkling which trainin their particular verypurity and quality. ants

is the center of the garden This to It is ing. the mother's duty keep herself beautiful; the cares and home-—the house is built around

Glade's box chocolates are never sold worries of her family;do not deit. An upper balcony overhangs

volve upon her. it and doors from different rooms

cheaply, but are always appreciated by There are two classes in Mexico, lead to it.

the upper and the lower, or the In the living room we notice a those who enjoy eating fine candy. wealthy and the servant classes. In beautiful Mexican girl of eighteen

both groups are love and romance. years who, like her mother, is

Let us take a look into a home dressed in an attractive afternoon

Avoid Disappointment by Demanding in the City of Mexico. This city dress of American design. Her hair

has the most perfect climate in the is bobbed, her eyes are large and

GLADE'S world, for the thermometer seldom beautiful and her teeth are very varies much above or below 78 white. She and her cousin (a

degrees. The year round one can young man of twenty years) are

snowcapped mounuponThe Glade Candy Co. look

tains, all the country and in sur-—hesingingplaying"LaGolondrina"the guitar accompanitogether

SALT LAKE rounding, tropical fruits are raised. ment. "LaGolondrina"was writAs we go along the street we ten by Narciso, a Mexican, and is

wonder where one house begins sung everywhere in Mexico. '"LaThe Improvement Era For November, 1929 87

Golondrina"will be sung this Confidence Buy Withevening LOGAN GARMENT COMPANY by

Quality Where With Wearand and Workmanship Satisfaction are very welcome in the Cousins

Sold Are homes of relatives in Mexico, and Where Savings Moderate PricesAt often a love affair will spring up Are Greatest between two such young people. LOGAN, UTAH

These two, Consuelo (pronounced

Con sway'lo) and Luis, are very OTTO MEHR, Manager weight. Med. 400. Cotton worsted. Silk French spun $1.25 and Wool 304 are each other both of andfond

style Either mixed. wt. Med. High 04. Peeler $2.70 Grade Cotton. Lt. Combed if XI this afternoon onwondering fine,'wt. style either Extra

Silk Dulenza best grade Garments. The 2.20 374. love. yesgrade High Cotton. in Peeler Lt. deeply X104B. Combed Butthey are style 2.95 New

fine wt. Extra Bleached. style Either 2.40 his friendterday Luis brought Silk stripe, mix cotton 604. 1.85 X304. Heavy style. wt. Carded Cotton. Either 2.50

Antonio into the home of his X304B. Heavy wt. Carded Cotton. Bleached. 741. Extra heavy worsted wool and cotton

cousin Consuelo and he saw ConEither style 2.70 mix. Either style 4.60

is a just forsuelo sizes larger for bust, or than "double backs."44 10% extra moment—he

Write for Samples enclosed ordering direct. Use coupon Made to Measure when is that sure hevery in love with her

and is at this moment arranging LOGAN GARMENT CO., Log an, Utah. Please send me the following suits of L. D. S. Garments:

for an orchestra to come with him Quantity Style No. Sex Bust Length Sleeve Height | Weight Price

to serenade Consuelo as soon as the moon comes up. But Luis is not \

thinking of him and when Consuelo asks him to stay to the evening meal, he is more than willing. Name

In the kitchen, helping to preStreet City.State

pare the evening meal, is Pancheta (pronounced PahnChee'-ta). She "">ootrtf>tMfMMaM)Bamd04o <->MW I>-MBfrotMMM>iHMIMtMMHMMWtf

too is young and longing for romance, but her mistress is very strict with her and she is given little opportunity to become Bread acquainted with young men. There ITS SLOBAKED

is a boy who sometimes brings infruit from the country round MADEVonderOF FINE INGREDIENTS just left the houseabout. He has and

is a servant.where Pancheta They

have looked at each other meaningRICHER IN MILK fully,—but buteachhavehasnotresolveddared to(unbespeak j IT'S SLOW BAKED!

known to the other) to go to the

Plaza that night. However, now it TO BRING OUT THE GOODNESS

is time to serve supper and PancheOF IT ALL.

ta must keep busy. The supper

seems simple for it consists only of bunuelos (pronounced boonew-a- goat'slos) milk, it has and but alltaken to prepare Pancheta day When the occasion the bunuelos, which are made of a stiff dough that is worked out uncalls for something til it is as thin as tissue paper and, fat. fried inthen deep tasty to drink as is cleared soon supper As

away Pancheta hurriedly washes When good things are on the dinner table... open some preherself, throws her scarf around cooled bottles of Becco and pour! Just one word of caution:

sure be are supplied you to once, with Becco enough go around head,her to the Plaza. and hastens

twice, three this, times! likes tasty everybody For the tang of

is delighted mistressShe that her has refreshing, invigorating is It beverage! the choicest made from

given her permission to go. At the and purest ingredients that nature and science can produce. And

Plaza (which is a public park with it is properly brewed and aged to give it an irresistible flavor and a band stand in the center) young mellowness.

people meet. There are seats not

far distant from the band stand on ewe which the girls of the lower classsit, and there is a pathway on the i opposite side of which the boys of the lower class sit. There is morelawn and then another road way sECCol

on the opposite sides of which sit Made and Bottled by the girls and boys of the wealthy BECKER PRODUCTS CO. Get Becco wherever good drinks are sold

class. The wealthy men and girls Ogden, Utah

88 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

are dressed exactly as Americans The great National holiday;

would be; those of the servant class September 16, is at hand and all

are dressed in native costumes. The Mexico will celebrate. On this day 37 Years band begins to play (an American the rich casts aside its American

popular piece, "Rosita") and all dress and attires itself in native cosof service... And we're still serving—thethe younggirls peoplegoing oneget upwayandandwalkthe tume.brightcoloredConsueloskirtappearsand whitein a

"Purity"Seeds; Honey; Pop Corn; boys the other. They look at blouse with large sleeves and Luis,

each other as they pass and smile like a great many of the other welletc. to SATISFIED Customers! as they walk along. Pancheta is in todo men, wears a bright bolero

the crowd; she is walking in perfect of velvet, a sombrero and buckfit skin tight him

side. Everywhere May We Serve YOU? cansrhythmare tofulltheof musicrhythm)(theandMexiher skinand lacepantsup thateach

heart is pounding with anxiety for can be heard the National Air she is hoping that Carlos, the farm ("Himna Nacional") for there are boy, will be there. Carlos too is numerous bands playing and the

hoping that he will met Pancheta, holiday spirit is felt by all. "Himna

but the orchestra has stopped and Nacional"will be rendered by they have not met, for the crowd is large. Poor little Pancheta wonders During the afternoon Consuelo,

several of her what she shall do—her mistress her parents and

gave her permission to stay for a brothers and sisters and Luis and very short time and she feels that some of his family go to the bullshe should be returning. But the fight, where they all sit together in

decides to stay for one more walk for them. Thirty thousand people Vogeler Seed band has started again, and she a large box that has been reserved for perhaps she may see the farm gather about the Arena and there are

boy. She is still hopefully lookdozens of military bands and regisix, Company ing—she will have to go when the ments of soldiers. Two, four,

music stops this time and it may be eight, ten bulls are teased, torment30 West First South Was. 804 months before she can come to the ed, jabbed, driven mad and killed

Plaza again. Why has she been and one by one dragged off the

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH so foolish as to hope to see him? field by mules. Dozens of bony

Her heart is heavy, but not for horses (blindfolded in one eye so long, for surely that is he! She as not to be able to see the onrush

turns and looks back to make sure of the bull) are jabbed by the and he is looking back too. Oh, bull's horns, tossed up in the air,

'There's no fuel like an old fuel'the rapture of that moment! How trampled perhaps, and killed or

she wishes she could stay but she made unfit for the fight and they

Be must hurry home for already she too are dragged off the field by the

Safe has lingered too long. Did Carlos mules. The excitement runs high

not know already where Pancheta all day and when the Matadore, by WithCOAL lives he would follow her home. his quick thinking and moving and

Insist on The Old He wishes to do this anyway, but his aptness in striking deep into knowing that Pancheta will not the heart of the bull, escapes death Original have time to loiter with him for the great throng cheers him and he even a few minutes he stays at the becomes indeed the man of the

Plaza. When Pancheta returns to hour! (It is the Toreador and

the home of her mistress she sees Picador who tease and madden the Aberdeen the members of the orchestra which bull and the Matadore who does

The coal you can reorder with Antonio has hired, gathering near the killing.)

Consuelo's window. Soon the Little Pancheta would like to confidence and burn with pride.

lovely strains of "LaPaloma"are have enjoyed the holiday too, but

Handled Exclusively in heard through the house and courtshe does not mention it, she is used Salt Lake City by yard—"LaPaloma"will be rento sacrifice. Her life is made up of

dered by it. The family will come home

For weeks life moves on much from the bullfight hungry and the same. she preparkeep herself every busy Luis Almost day must Citizens Coal can meal, ing at the his the holiday of be found and cooking home

:ousin, Consuelo, each day he being it in unglazed pottery over a charmore convinced that Consuelo is coal fire. The fire must be fanned Company the girl for him, and Consuelo still often to keep it red—but the charfire is the coal that so clean even has Antonio demdoes alnot unglazed pottery Phone Wasatch 8572 wondering—foronstrated that he loves her become and

though she is anxious to know blackened.

The first to offer you more about Antonio she does not The Trevino family returns dustless stoker pea coal. like to inquire too much of Luis from the bullfight full of the exbecause she doesn't wish to arouse citement of the day, with plenty

his suspicions. of things to talk of. They have

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 89

brought their relatives with them arid the rescenes are the fight of Your Home Comes First over,counted over as they parand theirtake of meal. two The

Of first consideration for the heads of families, come their homes. arefamilies seated table at a long

spread with beautiful linen imComfort, convenience, charm and restfulness make the home. The elimiported from Europe and lovely silnation of drudgery and needless accumulation of soot, smoke and dirt bring

it through thever. The menu consists of vegeto women the time for MAKING THE HOME and enjoying

table meat soup, sopa (made with freedom from oldfashioned methods that the use of zither rice or spaghetti), beans with a delightful flavor known only to the Mexicans, hot tamales, (not Household Services the American imitation) followed by an American desert—ice cream of Electricity

and cake.

There is a grand ball in the even-—which are amazing the American woman as she sees them available to her

ing to which some members of the on easy terms with low first payments. Everywhere our lines reach, women

family will go. Consuelo's father may eliminate drudgery from their homes. Ask about it, telephone or write

is going and her cousin and she too our nearest office for information that will bring you cheering booklets or will be allowed to go. one of our representatives will call, with no obligation whatever on your part.

Antonio, her cousin's friend, is also filled with the excitement of the day and he is thinking that unUTAH POWER 8 LIGHT CO.

doubtedly Consuelo will be home Efficient Public Service during the evening but being unable to hire an orchestra with which to serenade her, because of the great demand on this day for jmusic, he decides to go alone to her Sleep in Comfort windowsong—"Morirand singpora tuMexicanAmor"-love on a

himself and play his own guitar.

He sings with all the fervor of a Blue Bird Mattress i

Mexican lover, feeling confidentthat Consuelo is hearing him and 50 Lb. Felt or Cotton—Beautiful Tickings—

to be the grandestthinking him $15 at all Furniture Stores j insinger Mexico. all of But his i

voice is being lost on all but poor "The REST of Your Days Depends upon the REST of Your Nights"little Pancheta, who is imagining lover,that it is her farm boy! I PIONEER MATTRESS FACTORY it that well perfectlyknowing

isn't. "Morir por tu Amor"will 545 West 3rd North St. Salt Lake City

be sung by The next night Antonio comes again to serenade. Consuelo is

thrilled is really because andhome is lovely.his voice Night after SOUTHERN PACIFICOFFER LINES

night Antonio serenades Consuelo and soon she begins to feel that SPECIAL WINTERshe loves him. She makes him

beautiful gifts, among them exquisite handkerchiefs that are lacy EXCURSION FARES enough for the daintiest girl and FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN sends them to him. Sometimes

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA these two pass on the street—butnever speak except with their eyes. SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

At last Antonio thinks the time is ripe and he goes to Consuelo's TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING father and asks for her hand. He DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

is accepted and from that hour he pays Consuelo's board, buys all of Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA her trousseau and pays for the STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS wedding. TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1st

During Consuelo's engagement FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE she is very happy and often rises early and goes to the flower market For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE to purchase flowers with which to PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT adorn herself. The flower market 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

is one of the most beautiful sights PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

90 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

in all Mexico. One sees magnolias, she knows that most of the poor

calla lilies, cloth of gold and dafclass are never married because the fodils, tube roses and narcissus, man is just as poor as the woman.

great baskets of rosebuds and the While Pancheta's thoughts areGood beautiful black prince, and Mextraversing along this line, Carlos, ico's American Beauties; almost the farm boy, is counting his

every imaginable flower that grows world's goods and thinks that with is there in great abundance. much careful planning he may beAdvice... Then comes the wedding day able to pay for Pancheta's board

Consuelo must be married twice; for one day and pay for the wedonce by the law of the land and ding. The next day he is off to

once by the church—otherwise she inquire of Pancheta's mistress who

will not be really married. She her father is and to get both her

looks a picture in her wedding father's and her mistress'permisdress, specially the for for made which Pancheta's was hand, for sion Select Your designer, as she the little offend servant York her by must not a New moves down the church isle to the mistress, as she may have to work lovely strains of Lohengrin's there after marriage. How happy

"Wedding March."they are when the consent is given(ElfrtBimaB The Wedding March will be and the wedding day arrives!

rendered by. After you have called on Con-

(txtb& honeymoonAfter theirin returnItaly, Consuelofrom theiris suelo,you mayif yousee visitPanchetathe markettradingplacefor established in a home similar to her Carlos—-(all the trading at the

mother's, with lovely furnishings markets is done by women). She

and a wonderful garden with its may have fifteen or seventeen chilfountain, and if you will call on dren, but they will not hinder her, her a few years hence you will unfor her children will be well trained NOW! doubtedly see many little children, and manageable. She may take

playing about, each with its own them to the market with her, six from our Carefully servant. or eight or even ten of them at a

Poor little Pancheta has been a time, and if you happen to go

Selected and servant in the home of Consuelo's down there, perhaps you will see

Extensive parentsremember,almostand asnowlongsheasisshefifteencan onepeekingof ather youbrighteyedfrom behindchildrenher years old, plenty old enough tp get skirts, and if you turn he may run

Line.... married. She wishes that the 'farm up to you and shout, "Hot Taboy would ask her father for her males."

hand, for she has seen him many This ends our broadcast for this times lately, and is very sure that evening—but look out for future

she loves him and hopes that he broadcasts of this nature over staloves her. She wishes that he could tion M. I. A.

afford to pay her board to her Note: If there is no one in the

a for wedding, she fears a that suggested talking but probably maThe T>eseret father, buy her trousseau, and pay ward who can render the numbers of this can happen, for well none use. into chine can be brought

News "Press 29 Richards Street

BE INDEPENDENT

No Other Vocation So Profitable!

ENROLL NOW For a Complete Course at the stress in would to wish month we answer this way themTHIS selves and problems be solved many necessity the of Stake JuniorQuish School of Beauty Culture

The Best in the West Supervisors and Ward Junior that otherwise must be taken care 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. Leaders reading the messages and of through special correspondence;

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH instructions to officers with greater and in many instances this comFor Further Information care. It would be well worth the munication is postponed, to the

detriment success. of class Call Catalog and leaders, espewhile of all JuniorX 7560 Wasatch on cially installed ones, the to newly

Fill in This Course of Study last year's Journals, go through Coupon.

% beginning with the issue for Sep- "CROM reports and questions sent tember, 1928, and make themselves to the general office, it is familiar with the contents of the found that through some misundepartment. Many questions derstanding, the lessons now being

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 91

presented in some Junior classes are Travelogue last year's Junior lessons, insteadof last year's Gleaner lessons, as AT the Institute for leaders Congratulations planned and outlined. The course "which followed the June conof study, "Ideals of Latterday ference, a Travelogue was demonOn Your Union

Saint Homes and Home Life,"was strated, most successfully. If you

prepared in two sections, the first are one of the leaders unable to atof which is the Junior course of tend and would care for a copy of From the study for 192930. The lessons the Travelogue, write in to the

it will to be sent and inwere for office, published the Journals you. House That Made material Gleanersfor the Thelast season, be obtained and mayat the general office, 33 Bishop's M Men discussions on "Social

Building, Salt Lake City, at a cost Customs in Foreign Lands,"now Utah Musical.

of $.40 per set, or 5c per single being published in every issue of

copy. Outlines in guiding lesson the magazine, will doubtless be of

discussions have been printed in the great value in preparing TravelPioneer

Journal for this fall, beginning in ogue programs. Various countries

being studied, and little dramaSeptember, and will doubtare 1929, tizations will enrich Piano given which helpful.less be found

and broaden your presentations.

Preparation The Question Box People EADERS, make early and thorough preparation for the work HPHIS period gives excellent opto be given each week, for your A portunity to bring up and disCONTEST girls easily detect superficial study cuss questions of vital interest to on your part, and judge your the girls. The fact that no names MUSIC

power of leadership accordingly. are signed to questions makes it

Someone has sounded the warning appear logical that more frankness FURNISHED to teachers, "Never teach to the and freedom will characterize the edge of your knowledge; you discussions than could otherwise

fall off."preparaprevail.might selfconsciousness If your The

lessontion for each is adequate, which prevents girls from Beesley Music Co. many

there need be no fear of "falling expressing their views is eliminated 57 So. Main St.

off."throughthe questionbox method,

Over 23 Tears of Steady Growth—

Under One Management

Such is the record of Keeleys, Incorporated, known throughout Utah and its neighboring states. This organization was

founded over 23 years ago in a single store in Salt Lake City. Today, it operates seven retail stores in three cities; serves

the people of four states through 1,500 dealers and employs 350 Utah men and women.

Recently, the ice cream department of Keeleys was sold to the MidWestern Dairy Products Company. Since that time

we have not manufactured ice cream, but have concentrated on the making of fine candies, food dainties; the serving of

luncheons and fountain refreshments. This caused the name to be changed from the Keeley Ice Cream Company to Keeleys,

Incorporated, but it did not cause the slightest change in management or ownership.

Devotion to a single ideal of highest quality service and tested goods has resulted in the expansion of Keeleys, Incorporated.

KEELEYS FINE CANDIES, FOOD DAINTIES, LUNCHEONS

AND FOUNTAIN REFRESHMENTS ARE ENJOYED IN

KEELEY STORES BY 15,000 CUSTOMERS DAILY.

The following officials head Keeleys 100%

Utah organization:

Seymour B. Robbins, President

Joseph B. Robbins, Treasurer and Gen'l Mgr.

Alldridge N. Evans, Vice Pres. and Secretary

Robbins, C. Bicknell

Vice Pres. and Retail Mgr. lfelC:OR.ROR,rED E. Keeley, Director Ehrman

SALT LAKE CITY OGDEN PROVO 92 The Improvement Era For November, 1929 "You'll find a great andto betheextremelyeffect of wholesomethis programandis feltenhisscornssisters.not the companionship of

lightening. Many of the questions presented

joy in the preparation Typical questions from such a have been along deeply religious box follow: and spiritual lines, indicating the

shall I look for in the fact girls are that our What but hidingof wholesome meals I should qualities marry? young man womanly and mature

when you use articleThe writtenanswer fortywas yearsfound agoin byan thoughtsionable exterior.behind a Makeflippantlythe fashmost

President George Q. Cannon, and of the Question Box. Use it as a

published in the Juvenile Instrucmeans of getting into the hearts of tor. your Junior girls, and finding there

"The Right Kind of Young the beauty and sweetness of budMan."ding womanhood. Scowcroft's I love a young man who loves "A wise question will unearth

his mother so fondly that for her precious ore, and a proper discussake he is chivalrous to other sion refine it into pure gold."

women.

I love a young man who will Ten Questions on the Question step out of his way to avoid crushBoxBLUE PINE ing a worm, and will not deem it 1. Does every one know that

beneath his dignity to succor a the second period of the second stray kitten. Tuesday in the month is reserved

I love a young man who is purefor the Question Box? FOOD hearted, and slow to 'laugh at a 2. Is the box always in a consmutty story. spicuous place in the classroom?

I love a young man who believes 3. Are all members constantly PRODUCTS there is a nobler career in life than encouraged to drop questions into

to be a good dancer, or a successful the box?

society man. 4. Do all M. I. A. officers and

I love a young man who is not teachers know that they are invited ashamed of tears for others'sorto set the example in this?

rows. 5. Are the questions which will

be discussed removed from the box In handy sanitary I love a young man who cannot containers with the be laughed out of a duty, or ridione week in advance of their use?

foods properly preculed from a purpose. 6. Do the group leaders study

the questions carefully the during

I love hates a young man who the week? pared—well—let as angels hate whiskey Satan, and 7. leaders give Do the the memfamily be the judge! thinks his too of brain much their rightful to bers opportunity

(Scowcroft's are make smoked meat of it. discussion? for

members of the Utah I despise a goodygoody young 8. Are the leaders prepared to

man, but I love a good one. direct the discussion toward the

ciation—"WhatManufacturers'AssoUtah cousinI wouldto nota dude,like tobutbe evenI lovethirda proper9. Areanswer?you getting results?

is a hail fellow, 10. Are you thinking up a good Makes Makes Utah.") young man who

well met with nice girls, and question for the box, right now?

VanguardsScouts Department COMMITTEE Geo. R. Hill; Chas. R. Mabey, Chairmen Nicholas G. Smith

iNew Grand Hotel; German E. Ellsworth LeRoi C. Snow Ernest P. Horsley

J. J. RICHARDSON, Proprietor

Fireproof Books Indispensable to the Scoutmaster European points Liahona, according to his is indisRATES work. faith and hard Without so Bath JUSTpensableas histo toolthe carpenter,kit

$1.50 Up the requisite library is indispensable Because it is felt that these helps

With Bath to the Scoutmaster. Books are the are vital to scouting, the list of

$2.00 Up tools from which he gets the ideas books recommended in the VanOfficial Hotel with which to plan and build his guardScout Guide is renamed:

A. A. A. No. 102

Nearer than anything to everything temples. Without them he is in an Scoutmaster's Handbook $1.00

Corner Main and Fourth South Sts. uncharted wilderness, without a Boy Scout Handbook.50

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH compass. With them, his is the Merit Badge Library—each..20

universe. His compass, like the (87 Merit Badge pamphlets)

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 93

Scout Magazine (free with enthusiasm among"boys as well as registration) leaders is born.

Boys'Life ($1.00 on conTo illustrate: Doesn't Douglas cession plan) 2.00 Fairbanks'recipe for hot cakes, BLANKETS

of Scouting 1.00The How Book published on page 338 of "Games For your blanket 1.00 Safety and WaterSwimming fairly and Recreational Methods,"

Service Library.- 4.00The Little water, your make give mouth and requirements haveWinter Camping itch to get an 1.50 you a awful out to

Games and Recreational fragrant sage brush campfire and your local merchant

Methods 2.00 try it out?

Patrol Leaders'Handbook.—.75 Doesn't reading the chapter on consult

These books may be ordered "Patrol Methods"in the appendix from any Boy Scout Headquarters, of the Scoutmaster's Handbook or from the Deseret Book Co., 44 make you say to yourself, "Why,East South Temple, Salt Lake the strenuous, nerveracking efforts KNIGHT

City, Utah. I have made to herd boys within

It is advisable, if possible, to four walls isn't Scouting at all. WOOLENhave the Merit Badge Pamphlets Scouting is a game, a boys'game,

bound into about six volumes, to in which the boys play and live,avoid having them scattered or lost. and vibrate to their own program MILLS

The Deseret News, or other book under the leadership of other boys

Made in the West by Westernbindery, will do the binding at—their own patrol leaders—workabout $1.50 per volume; The Desing out projects that they themLabor, with Western Capital

the order Co. mighteret Book selves planned. job have My is from Western Materials.series, before and have them bound the a little leaven to furnish from

sending them to you, or a Scout sidelines, not to monopolize center might bind them for himself. stage and try to do the job myself. Every Scoutmaster, Assistant That's probably where Pete Smith Knight

Scoutmaster and Troop Commitgot his ideas of patrol methods that teeman ought to have easy access are making his troop such a success.to these books. They are rich in If he can put it over in his troop, I Woolen

ideas, practical ones that have been certainly can in mine. I'll just

tried out and found to work; ideas scratch around in the Scout library Mills

that set fire to the imagination; for ideas, and attend the Scoutideas out of which a contagious master's training courses as often PROVO, UTAH

Knocks Out That Knock!

The new, highcompression motors, and motors choked with carbon, put new demands on motor fuel.

Ordinary gasolines won't do.

With Conoco Ethyl Gasoline in your tank, your motor performs at its best. Conoco Ethyl results in

less gearshifting, a cooler running motor and more power with extra mileage.

Any motor steps into the highcompression class with Conoco Ethyl gasoline. But

All red gasolines are not Conoco Ethyl. To be sure

of quality, look for the Conoco Ethyl sign.

CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

Producers and Refiners of Conoco Products 94 The Improvement Era For November, 1929 as they come, and put one over on clude this list of books and a place

If the ward them. to keep in which Pete."Congratulations plan, the budget on is not working Doesn't reading the merit badge

pamphlet on "Angling"just make then the Troop Committee should you? Why of course it raise the money from some other to the does. It does any one who, as a source. Each troop needs the literbarefoot boy, has trapsed over the ature by means of which it can

dewy grass in the gray dawn after make its work efficient. When the

angle worms. purchase is made, it might be wellImprovement How can the Scoutmaster get acto include "The Southerner,"by

cess to all the literature? He can't Thomas Dixon and Russel G.

afFord to buy it, so that is another Carter, "Three Points of Honor,"place where the Troop Committee by Era comes in. Some wards are already These are the M. I. A. reading

working on the budget plan as recommended in the M. I. A. course books for the Scouts and

all the boys in We are glad to advise ERA Handbook. All should be. In such Vanguards, and

readers that we are distributors thewardsScoutmasterthe TroopwithCommitteehis associatesand themembertroop thatshouldit readisn't them.the booksRefor the following popular lines should carefully prepare a Scout themselves, but the way they are

budget for the year, and in it inused that counts.

of Farm and Home equipment:

v,i—11—ll——II—-II Bee Hive Girls Department

COMMITTEE Oliver Plows Catherine Folsom, Chairman

Elsie Hogan Vida F. Clawson

Superior Grain Drills

HartParr Tractors feel that perhaps Beeshades, as will the parchment paperNichols and Sbepard Threshers WEKeepers might welcome also.

and Combines some suggestions which will fit in At the end of the year you might with the contest in homecrafts this hold a contest in handicraft (or

Moline Plows, Drills and Tillage year. Something definite to work homecraft) and have a fine display

for makes Keystone Steel and Wire on project. our in with efficiencyWeandstronglywill fit inarticlesyour made.Stakes Foron Swarmfurther suggesday of

Products suggest that each girl finish a given tions on contest work in homecrafts, see August Journal. another. before beginning Perfection Milking Machines task are taking up of the stakes Some Viking Cream Separators some one thing for all of the girls Cell 509—Field of Domestic to do each month—for instance, Art

RayBoy Circulators making a pillow out of scraps around the house, either old or new Felt Flowers

Globe Gas and Coal Ranges material, old party dresses, etc.

I and more flowers FLOWERS, designs pillow will find many You

I artificial Natural and onesIdeal Coal and Electric Ranges needle art books in magazines and must of a kind wear some or no You be used with little can flower Haag Washing Machines that to complete your costume; girls the girls. to expense The

as the fad increases, and the variety for this under receive a seal may necessity for careful choice and Art. of Domestic Field Cell 454,

Sister Beeley in Applied Art Dekeep pace.

partment of the August Journal, We do not wear the same flower

Ask your dealer about any of the explains very plainly parchment on our coat lapel as on our evening above lines, or call at our stores at lampshade making. Foundation dress. For dressy wear we choose

a traily soft lovely, blossom, or one of Honey) (Gatherers 3 Cell Falls, No. Twin Ogden, City, Salt Lake so flowers pretty the jeweled of this filled workin way, be might address or Shelley; or Falls, Buhl Idaho dress afternoon popular now. Our the into girls'lamp the symbols ing

at Ogden, Department of our Wholesale sport a small nosegay many may fill Cell 506 a girl or might shades,

Utah. in the Field of Domestic Art, for colors, or a matching one of more

which she would receive five seals. generous size.

We suggest that the BeeKeepers It is in the tailored flowers,

Mountain States mightthe girlsbuypay thetheirmaterials,share of thehavingexdesigneddress, thatforwe coat,find thesuit,newestand sport,novpense, thereby making the lamp elties. They are made from rubImplement Co. shades very reasonable. The paints ber, oil cloth, feathers, kid, mother

for instance, purchased together, of pearl, imitation metal; and last

"We Will Treat You Right"will make a number of lamp but not least, of soft, lovelyhued.

The Improvement Era For November, 1929 95

felt, which lends itself to clever cutting and manipulation and makes the very perkiest boutonniereof all. Selected for Safety

lovely things are being So many a little stock Every first mortgage negotiated by our loan department felt that frommade will come in handy for your is selected, first to provide safety for the investor and

Christmas sewing. You may use to insure prompt payment of interest.

any patterns that have bold and clearcut lines, and develop the prettiest sewing bags, cushions, These loans yield 6%, and are secured by carefully telephone book covers, score pad chosen homes in approved residential districts in Salt covers, etc. The main thing in its Lake City and Ogden.

successful use is good color combinations and sharp scissors. Felt WE INVITE YOU TO EXAMINE

may be purchased at good dry OUR LIST OF OFFERINGS goods stores for about $1.75 per

yard single width (36 in.). Some They are ideal for the investstores sell it for 5c an inch and you ment of trust or other funds.may choose a good variety of colors 6%

for a few cents.

Materials: Spool wire, stamens,

leaves, steam tape.

Process. Daisy Flower. 32 Main Street Established 1902 Financing—at Lowest Cost 1 Cut 8 to 1 petals from l/2 to Real Estate

1 inch deep, according to the de- U-1>M'C> *!** iVnH |) M(l'l)0(>i:>()-B()at)r)fli iKuHaB1)a|]'()BO'*

sired size.

2. Place petals edge to edge and i We have an attractive savings and investment

thread all on needle, stitchingtightly together at base. plan to fit any income—our investment mem-

a of wire around stem 3. Wind bers run into the thousands.

a little of stamens, sew J and bunch petals firmly to the base. WE PAY 6% on Straight

4. Wind stem with tape from Savings Accounts.

flower downward. 7% on Accumulative

Circular Flower. Savings Certificates.

1. Cut a tiny disc, place it on Ample Funds For Loans On Homes

felt piece and bring needle point through center. Cut around in a

little larger circle. Continue the DIRECTORS

process until the flower has 3 or 4 M. E. WADDOUPS,

circular pieces of alternating color. President

EDWARD M. ASHTON, Another is made by cutting one VicePresident

circle about % of an inch in diMORRIS S. ROSENBLATT,

VicePresident loopsameter. of yarn a few Sew

H. L. MARSHALL.

a fluffy toto the center trim and ELBERT D. THOMAS

isball center. sewn to This A. J. BRUNEAU, the;

Secy.-Treas. jce@>!JOTi@!fwire stem with stem, and wound

tape. Resources in Excess of $3,000,000

Make a number of varieties and [|l)K{l-f25 E. 1st South St.,l)()0(]Salt Lake City

colors before grouping them and you will find it very interesting to select the proper combinations ofshape and color to make attractive When YOUR Building BURNSbouquets. May Billings.

There's a certain amount of comfort to know that should fire destroy your building tonight that you are covered by fire insurance. Such insurance will indemnify you

for the loss incurred and allow you to rebuild without financial hardship. It's worth

Notice a good deal to have this protection in these times.

'TT HE playwriting contest which See our agent in your town.

was announced in the M. I.

is inA. supplement, Book Hand

plays.oneact not This point was Utah Home Fire Insurance Co.

specified, and all other details reHEBER J. GRANT 8 CO., General Agents

main unchanged. 20 So. Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

87111

96 The Improvement Era For November, 1929

Index to Advertisers Company Page Company Page AshtonJenkins Co. 95 Logan Garment Co 87

Becker Products Co 8 7 MerrillKeyser Co. 71

Beesley Music Co 9 Miller Floral, Inc 75

Beneficial Life Insurance Co Back Cover MidWestern Dairy Products ("Sunfreze"). 75

Bennett Glass & Paint Co 71 Miskin Scraper Works - 71

Butter Krust Baking Co. (Wonder Bread).... 87 Mountain States Implement Co.....94

B. Y. U Inside Back Cover New Grand Hotel.....92

City Coal Co., 8 Pembroke S Company 80

Citizens Coal Co 8 8 Pioneer Mattress Factory 89

College 7 Shop Boot Culture School Beauty of Quish 90

Consolidated 7 Music Co Regal Cleaning 84 Dyeing & Oil Continental 93 Co 85 Royal Baking Company DaynesBeebe Co. Music 2

Salt Store Knitting Lake 85 Deseret Co. 73 Book Salt Lake Hardware 85 Co Deseret Corporation Foods 83

Salt Fixture Cabinet Lake 81 Co & Deseret Press 90 News Salt Pressed Brick 6 Lake Co First Inside Security Corporation Front Cover

Salt Stamp Lake 76 Company Yeast Fleischmann 8 2

Salt Line) R. Lake Utah R. (Orem 76 S Glade Candy Co 86

Pacific Southern R. 89 R. Bros. -Roberts Glen Piano Co 82

%$ Sugarhouse Lumber Hardware Co 84 J. Heber Grant 95 Co 8 (Jewelers) Taylor 83 Company & College Business Henager's 79

Intermountain Building & Loan 95 Utah Gas & Coke 1

John Scowcroft & Sons 92 UtahIdaho School Supply.....78

J. S. Jensen & Sons Jewelers 80 Utah Oil Refining Co 8

Juvenile Instructor 6 9 Utah Power & Light Co 89

Keeley Ice Cream Co 9 Utah Savings & Trust Co 86

Knight Fuel Co 74 Vogeler Seed Company 88

Knight Woolen Mills 93 Z. C. M. I 96

Mountaineer

OVERALLS

Something new. Cadet Overalls for school boys.

Made from 220 quality denim with washable elastic band, buckle and leather tabs. Military

braid on the out seams, slightly bell bottom. Just

the thing for smart dressy school garments.

Manufactured by

I. Z. OVERALL FACTORY C M.

-trw >- * -Vi.i.Jfk.1*'--**>"- -**.- jrftta- a -* A g,-JW. -A- -A mm.

Brisham Youn

University

Founded by President Brigham Young,

October 16, 1875 Located at Provo, Utah

Scholarship and standing recognized by the

Association of American Universities

Organized as follows:

College of Applied Science, College of Arts and

Sciences, College of Commerce, College of Education,

College of Fine Arts, Graduate School, Extension

Division, Research Division.

Elementary and Secondary Training Schools

maintained in connection with the

College of Education.

WINTER QUARTER

Young men and women desiring collegiate and

religious training are invited to enroll for the

Winter Quarter Beginning December 9, 1929

i ii >m 'tin i"h ifti i Our Congratulations A its Officers \ To the New ERA and x Its Readers Some Valuable Information Regarding \ Future Life and Success

x'eople of the United States Today—Have Invested in More Than

One Hundred Billion Dollars of Life Insurance

Absolute Proof That Life Insurance is Not Only The Greatest Form of

Protection, But in Addition Thereto, is an Excellent Investment.

The Beneficial Life Insurance Company has amazed the Insurance

World by Offering to the Public this New Plan in Life Insurance.

Participating Insurance

at Low Non Participating Rates

YOU NOW SHARE IN THE PROFITS

WITHOUT PAYING ANY ADDED PREMIUM

A More Liberal or Secure Form of Protection Cannot be Found

7/k BIG HOME COMPANY

Heber J. Grant, President E. T. Ralphs, General Manager

..$gjjr\ BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO. /np\

|BENUAL| Home Office—Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake City pENOALJ

*e20p Insurance for Every Member of the Family ***>*oMf**