TllmproocmtntEra

*<c

M

JUNE 194 8 You frequently turn this 140 times a day D

Yes, it's a fact—the average

household uses plenty of hot water—frequently as many

times as 140 occasions a day.

That is why it is important that your storage tank is properly sized so that you can have plenty of hot water.

Check for She Be sure the storage tank And a speedy automatic gas water fits your family's needs heater costs less to buy—less to STORAGE TANK CAPACITY GUIDE

Number Number Storage Cap. operate. If your present water

Bathrooms Bedrooms Gallons heater is not of adequate capacity 1 1 or 2 30 arrange to install one of proper 1 3 or 4 40 size to meet all of your hot water 2 2 or 3 40 2 4 or 5 50 needs.

3 3 50 3 or 4 4 or 5 75 J GAS MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY EXPLORING... SxWiVs -....:.. S.v.:--..

*- THE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

HTo taste table salt or sugar there has to be seven to fifteen parts in 3,000. But monosodium glutamate

made from wheat gluten can be detected with one part in 3,000, making it a potent flavoring material. This future household condiment has long

been used in the Orient to add meat flavor to vegetarian diets, and is now being added to American soups and sauces.

O afflower is a potential oilseed crop in the western United States. This

plant has been grown in parts of North

Africa and the Middle East on a small scale, and seeds have been found in tombs of the Pharaohs of 3,500 years ago. Recent extensive research at the Clamorous hunger must

... rightUniversity of Nebraska indicates that be appeased

prudent mothYet in now! satisfactory oil besafflower would

their ers hold must allied industries varnish, paint,the and the \o Vide children to growing and the meal is at least equal to soyrule of regular meals.

bean meal in feeding value. CommerWhat to do? The ancial market for the seed has been estabswer is SNAX. Those em omqvlished. dainty, goldenbrown

crackers with the HpHE smallest radio receiver ever wheaty goodness and made can fit into an empty lipbuttery taste. Just

stick case. It has one tube and the cirenough nutriment to

just enough—cuit is printed on with metallic ink insalt-tangsatisfy an to keep

stead of using conventional wires. edge on appetite. For

A new rat poison, "Castrix,"has betweenmealhave a packagebites,of been developed by Professor K. P. SNAX always within

DuBois. It is five times more effective easy reach. Now at

than "Antu"and "1080"and does not your grocery store.in

produce a tolerance if it fails to kill the the new, bright red first time. Though poisonous to package.

domestic animals it has effective antidotes in the barbiturates.

T> acitracin, a disease fighting chemical found in a badly infected leg wound has been found to be effective against boils, carbuncles, styes, and ulcers.

T"\r. G. F. Knowlton of the Utah

State Agricultural College has estimated that honeybees are worth twenty times as much for their pollination of crops as for the honey and wax they produce.

A helicopter has now been licensed

Civil Aeronautics Administraby agricultural to tion dust land with PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY sulfur in the fight against disease and SALT LAKE insects. [Concluded on page 411) JUNE 1948 353 (7U*uvie

NUMBER 6

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page The Cover What We have Been Taught George Albert Smith 361 hill overlooking stands Valley Church Features ONbeautifula prominentCache

The Spirit of God and Development of Science thededicationstately byLoganPresidentTemple.JohnSinceTaylorits

Orson Whitney Young 366 on May 17, 1884, it has been a conLooking Ahead with Greater Hope A* F Bracken 369 stant source of beauty and inspiraThe Church in Central America Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 370 tion to Latterday Saints in the val-

"Era"Golden Jubilee Campaign John D Giles 374 ley as well as members of the states from have many who On...- Bishopric's 356 Presiding 392 Church Page. The Church Moves

it. through, passed or even Last by Activities in Picture....398 Priesthood Churchwide 388 Melchizedek

it year, lighted as a Cenwhen was 389 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column it tennial project, of the one became most inspiring night sights in the

Special Features state.

Sixtyfour Explorer Leaders and Scoutmasters Win Honor CertifThis picture is especially appropriate as for a cover icates Stewart 358 George traditional wedding month. June,Whenthe

Survival Taft Benson of the American Way of Life Ezra 362 Latterday Saint couples contemplate

Increasing Happiness and Solidarity of the Family marriage, it is right for them to turn

Rex A, Skidmore 365 their thoughts and eyes toward the

Beyond the Alps—Let's Talk It Over Mary Brentnall 368 temple.

Campfire Tales: The photograph was taken by J.

Legend of the Tetons Vernon L* Strong 372 M. Heslop, former combat war

photographer in the theEuropean of 273 Legend Timpanogos Bert Robinson W* is being graduated ater who from 381 Richard from Temple Square Spoken L> Evans The Word State Utah Agricultural College Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXTV—How Does Work for the spring. We are indebted to thisthe

Dead Promote World Peace? John A, Widtsoe 385 Logan Heraid-]ournal for sending

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Homing: Does He Like to Read? the picture to us.

S. Harris, Jr 353 Irma Dovey 386

For a Gay Kitchen, Katherine Foreign These The Times—ECA: Dissinger 386 Assistance 1948, Act of G.

Homer Durham 355 Cook's Corner, Josephine B.

Nichols 386 So the Movies! A. Hamer And Editors F. M. Root 394 Reiser

Publications 414 377 ChurchScreenings,

On the Bookrack -383 Your Page and Ours 416 GeorgeJohn A. AlbertWidtsoeSmith

Managing Editor Editorials Richard L. Evans

Preparing for the Future Doyle L. Green 384 Assistant Managing Editor

Doyle L. Green

Stories, Poetry AssociateMarba C.EditorJosephson

Mulek of Zarahemla—Chapter VL J N. Washburn 378 General Manager

Frontispiece: Six O'clock Vigil, Poetry Page 360 George Q. Morris

Dott J. Sartori 359 Associate Manager

Lucy G. Cannon

Executive and Editorial Offices:

Business Manager Salt City 1, Utah Lake Main Street, 50 North

Giles John D. Inc., Funds, a Corporation of the Young Copyright 1948 by Mutual

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Editorial Associates of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a Elizabeth J. Moffitt

year, in advance; foreign subscriptions, 3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

single copy. Advertising Director

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Verl F. Scott

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for

Advertising Representatives in July 2, 1918. National of section 1103, 1917, authorized October Act

S. Townsend, Edward is responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, Era not Improvement The

but welcomes contributions. San Francisco and Los Angeles

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. Dougan and Bolle,

Change of Address: Chicago and New York

include please for of address. required notice ordering a change, changeFifteen days'When Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

the old unless of issue the magazine. Address slip cannot changes a recent from be madeaddress

address as well as the new one is included.

354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA E C A: The Foreign Assistance Act of 1948 r.MOMC/IN/VSE

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM Head of Political Science Department and TMSNEWGRA7ED

Director of the Institute of Government.

University of Utah TUNA FOR EVERYTHiNGF TThe period June 5, 1947, to April 3, 1948—almost ten months to the day—witnessed the development of the

Marshall Plan for European recovery came from 62 Republicans, 11 Demfrom a Harvard commencement speech ocrats, and the two American Labor into an Act of the United States ConParty representatives, Marcantonio gress, signed by President Harry S. and Isacson. In the Senate, the final

Truman. In the British House of Commeasure was accepted by a voice vote,

mons, Sir Stafford Cripps, Chancellor with no tabulation of record. Presiof the Exchequer, stated: "Passage of dent Truman's signature followed the

the European Recovery Program next day.

comes as a beacon of light and hope to the freedomloving peoples of the HThe measure creates a new agency, world."The measure, officially cited "the Economic Cooperation Adas "the Foreign Assistance Act of ministration"(ECA). As the head of

1948,"may be one of the significant the agency, President Truman named statutes of history. Paul G. Hoffman, 56, president of the Studebaker Corporation. Mr. HoffYESfTHENEW

"pROM June 5, 1947, to the President's man's new title is "Economic Cooperasignature on April 3, 1948, the plan tion Administrator."His salary, for lUrE-S/ZEPtECES

ran the gantlet ( 1 ) of a meeting of the one of the most responsible tasks in MAKE IT JUST RIGHT is the of Ministers, Council of Foreign peace, waging Mr. history, $20,000. FOR ALL

assisted be renouncing Molotov, on advisory July 2, 1947, by He will two the scheme, and the soviet satellites boards, a deputy administrator, and YOUR RECIPES!

withdrawing reluctantly from a Eunecessary staff.

ropean conference inspired to discuss the idea; (2) the Paris conference of ITr. Hoffman was confirmed by the

sixteen nations, chaired by Ernest Senate in his position April 7,

Bevin, the British Foreign Minister, 1948, without dissent. The Senate Forthe July to September; House (3) eign Relations Committee previously

ledCommittee on Foreign Aid, by confirmation Reprecommended by unaniIKS?.V: '.%.-)&': <s> p

resentative Christian Herter of Massamous vote, 13-0. President Truman imto see for toured Europe chusetts, who mediately made available $1,105,000,000

the themselves; a "Krug report,"l'f;::::::x::::::&/ (4) Reconstruction from the Finance Corstudy by the U. S. Department of the poration: $1,000,000,000 for Europe;

Interior which examined the ability of $50,000,000 for TurkishGreek milithe United States economy to stand tary aid; $50,000,000 for China; and the drain of approximately twenty $5,000,000 for Trieste, which is adyw

billions the Council in four years; (5) ministered the by This U.N. sum is VAN CO., INC., CAMP SEA FOOD

official the Advisers, of Economic Terminal Island, California until staff to carry the the general apECA arm of the President in economic matpropriations acts of the current Conters; (6) the "Harriman Committee"gress make available the $6,098,000,000 There's no substitute for

of private businessmen, led by the guaranteed for the first twelve months. tuna, when you use

former United States Secretary of Of the total $6,098,000,000, $5,300,-

Commerce, who reported favorably, 000,000 is earmarked for the sixteen and (7) finally, the Congress of the European, cooperating nations, the

United States and American opinion. bulk of which is designed for the

Few matters have been as thoroughly United Kingdom, France, and Western scrutinized by world opinion. Germany in that order. Turkey and

Greece will together receive $275,000,- 'T'he Congress, both houses acting 000, and China is eligible for $463,- separately, completed the principal 000,000 under the act. A $60,000,000

action on the bill by March 31, 1948. contribution to the International ChilMinor differences between the Senate dren's Emergency Fund of the U.N.,

and House of Representatives were adand another $20,000,000 (total aujusted in a conference committee April thorization) for the U.N.'s Trieste,

1. On April 2, 1948, the House of make a total contribution of $80,000,-

Representatives accepted the confer000 to the U.N., which, in view of the

ence bill by a vote of 318 to 75. The fact that this sum triples the regular

House majority consisted of 167 Re- U.N. annual budget, should demonpublican representatives and 151 strate to the world that the United

Democrats. The 75 negative votes (Concluded on page 415)

JUNE 1948 355 \\iC LsviWt>c\l

yooR 'T'heSamoanFirstMissionPresidencyPresidenthas announced GermanXJine branchesPrimariesof the Primary Assothe appointment of Golden H. ciation of the Church are funcHale, bishop of the Groveland Ward, tioning in Russianoccupied east GerCOMPUTE Blackfoot, Idaho Stake, as president many, according to a report announced

GOIDE ofquartersthe Samoanat Apia,Mission,Upolu, Samoa.with headHe theby Mrs.PrimaryDessieAssociationG. Boyle,missionchairmancomof

succeeds President John Q. Adams mittee of the Church.

Yd buying who has returned to his home in CenMrs. Hedwig Wolf, East German

at the Primary attendance an average chilSaint of & preparing terville, Utah.:.--TT"- lM iJI,iH y. I—"T - "; -1 - - - Missionmeetings Primary supervisor, reported 269 Latterday

fROZEH drenchildren.and The292reportnonLatter-daycontinued: Saint

meats & fowl Because of present conditions and scarcity of materials, the children of our mission have a minimum of interesting and worthwhile reading material.

Two additional Primaries are being

children, said, to serve all of whom V organized in the Berlin district, she only half a day. school attend

JOHN Q. ADAMS GOLDEN H. HALE V Cedar Stake

President Hale served a mission in fEDAR Stake—172 in the roll call

this group of islands, located about two of stakes now functioning in the thousand miles south of Hawaii, from Church—was organized May 2, from

February 1917 to October 1920. The parts of the Parowan Stake, in southislands are mostly volcanic in formaern Utah. Elder Henry D. Moyle of

f Get"*'tion, having an elevation of as much the Council of the Twelve and Elder as four thousand feet. Clifford E. Young, Assistant to the

The first missionary activity in this Council of the Twelve, effected the dispensation in Samoa was performed organization.

by Elder Kimo Belio and Samuela President of the Cedar Stake is D.

Manoa, native converts from Hawaii, L. Sargent, who presided over the

USE THIS TIMELY, who arrived in Samoa on January 24, Parowan Stake before its division.

HELPFUL GUIDE to bring new 1863. The Samoan Mission, therefore, His counselors are W. Arthur Jones

economy, added satisfaction, from ranks as one of the oldest missions of and Kumen S. Gardner. Wards of the

freezer. Use locker or home City the include Cedar Stake Cedar missionary of the Church. the Most

superior wrapFifth, yourLOCKERAP—the Fourth, First, Third, Second, natives. the among has been of activity protection best for per—Castle College, Kanarra, and and New President will accompany Hale Mrs. color and flavor. natural meat

Get both at your grocer's or Hale to this field of missionary enwards.

locker plant. deavor. President W. Clair Rowley was

Handy homesized roll... sustained in the Parowan Stake, with

20in. wide, 150fr. long. Miller Mitchell and Taylor Harold J. Property Isaac Hale

inhis counselors. as stake now The has purchased the old Church 'T'he

East, Parowan the Parowan acres cludes and eighty home Isaac Hale Enoch Summit, and West, Paragonah, Township, near Harmony of land

Pennsylvania. The home, now run wards.

down, is where the Prophet Joseph Before the division the stake had a

Smith translated a portion of the Book membership of approximately 6,800.

of Mormon. The home will be reCedar City, the hub of the new

stored. Elder Wilford C. Wood acted stake, is the gateway to nature's wonfor the Church. derland of southern Utah.mmmm The property adjoins the eighty Parowan Stake is the fourth oldest

acres purchased for the Church in now functioning in the Church, having 1946 by Elder Wood. Here, it is bebeen organized in May 1 852 with John

lieved, John the Baptist restored the C. L. Smith as its president. It is preCO. PAPER WAXED WESTERN the of service in years by only ceded Smith to Priesthood Joseph Aaronic PORTLAND, OREGON NORTH

bach Corp. -Ze Her stakes. Crown Division and Utah Lake, Weber, of Salt the banks on Cowdery and Oliver

the Susquehanna River, May 15, 1829. The city of Parowan, one of the first

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA five to be chartered in the Territory, was established as a halfway city between Salt

California settlements. Lake City and the southern vBetten tfaut a Si&v&i Spoon

San Joaquin Stake They say "he was born with rich in the food substances of

JhLDErs Albert E. Bowen and Harold a silver spoon in his mouth."whole milk—always as safe

B. Lee organized the San Joaquin Wouldn't you choose for your as if there were no germ of

Stake from portions of the Sacramento baby the better birthright of disease in the world.

Stake and the Northern California

Mission, Sunday, April 25. the sound physical developSustained were President Wendell ment that only proper care Yes, and Sego Milk supplies

B. Mendenhall of Stockton, and Ernest and proper food can provide? something else that is vital to

Landward of Stockton, and Albert B. your baby's growth—pure

Crandall of Tracy as his counselors. You can assure him of this crystalline vitamin D 3, the The members of the stake are in the better birthright now—by sunshine vitamin that enables

Stockton, Modesto, Tracy, and Turgiving him the kind of milk a baby to use the minerals oflock wards, from the Sacramento

Stake, and the Oakdale and lone that will enable him to grow milk to develop bones that branches from the Northern California sturdy and strong and to have are straight and strong, teeth

Mission. The Tracy and Turlock the security that comes from that are sound, and to make

wereWards formerly branches of the vigorous health. the best of growth. Stake.Sacramento

The SacramentoGridley District of Sego Milk is that kind of the California Mission is the parent milk—always easy for babies Ask your doctor about

organization of the in this area. Church to digest—always uniformly Sego Milk for your baby that 31,Records show on December

1930, there was a total of 1,914 Saints, including 221 children, in the district. This seal certifies that all

Embracing all of the Sacramento Valstatements about Sego Milk ley, it then consisted of the following 'TttmlCfr madeed as truehere byhavethebeenCouncilaccepton branches: Grenada, Gridley, HomeFoods and Nutrition of the American

stead, Liberty, McDoel, Oroville, Medical Association.

Roseville, Sacramento, Stockton, Sutter, and Yuba City. Sunday School

that the This seal certifiesorganizations were functioning at Alumni Research "riffiKfATmm Wisconsin

Mount Shasta and Woodland on that lv Foundation makes periodic date. The Latterday Saints at Hometests to determine that Sego

stead, Liberty, Sacramento, Yuba City, 5N* Milk diluted with an equal amount water always of their chapels. Gridleyand owned own of vitamin D per givesquart.you 400 units

4, 1934, Elders November On Melnth.

vin J. Ballard and Alonzo A. Hinckley

of the Council of the Twelve organized the Sacramento and Gridley stakes, which for administrative reasons remained in the California Mission until December 31, 1934. The

Sacramento Stake, with a membership of 1,611, was then comprised of the

Homestead, Roseville, Stockton, Sacramento, and Sutter wards.

Before the creation of the San

Joaquin Stake, the membership of the

Sacramento Stake was approximately 4,500. The Sacramento Stake, now

with a membership of approximately 2,500, has the following wards and MM0GENIZEP branches; Arcade, Homestead, Sacramento, and Sutter, all wards in California's capital city; Roseville Ward,

and the Carmichael and Woodland &*!

branches.

FREE TO MOTHERS! This handy book that makes it easier to

There are now approximately 7,000 care for and train your baby. Dozens of the most important

members of the Church in the area of questions about the care and training of your baby are the old SacramentoGridley District answered in this 64page illustrated book. Approved by a

of the California Mission. wellknownthe intermountaindoctor. west.PraisedSendenthusiasticallyfor your freebycopymothersof thisin

helpful book today. Address: Sego Milk Co., Dept. E-3,

Ricks College Salt Lake City, Utah.

Plans to provide the 121,000 Saints SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO in the state of Idaho with a fourOriginator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West LK/j (Concluded on page 396) Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

JUNE 1948 357

SIXTYFOUR EXPLORER LEADERS AND SCOUTMASTERS WIN

Honor Certificates

iSu Jjf. (ueorae Stewart

CHAIRMAN, COMMITTEE ON SCOUTING,

GENERAL BOARD Y.M.M.I.A.

TheYoungScoutMen'scommitteeMutual Improveof the awardof the highis a worthtoken ofacknowledgmentthe job itself.

ment Association general board What counts most is saving young in behalfi of the general superinmen and boys from a less worthy tendency has announced the winlife, and directing them along a way ners of 194748 honor awards for that ends in better achievement and outstanding leadership among Exricher spiritual living. In our vast

plorer leaders and scoutmasters. need for a host of such leaders, we

The fact that this year sixtyfour welcome this vanguard. We delight

men are to receive this award is in to honor them now in The Imitself significant. provement Era.

with It is the responsibility of the Before announcing their names, snapstrap world in these unsettled times to let us take a brief look at the work top integrate for our boys and young they have done. These Explorer

men the stabilizing and enriching leaders and scoutmasters ( 1 ) have influence of active religion with participated in the ward youth leadhandicrafts, skills, love of the outership program; (2) have actively

Retail Value doors, and a clean, moral life. When aided in the Churchwide campaign

the currents of worldly living run so for the nonuse of liquor and to- ( 3 ) have promoted the readKeeps bread fresher—more strong in the channels of relaxed bacco;

sanitary. Ideal for refrigerated standards and love of waywardness, ing of the reading course book by

vegetables. it takes clear ideals and high courthe boys and young men; (4) enOrder as many as you wish. age to breast the current as these couraged and developed the M.I.A.

For each bag send 254 plus leaders have done. Youth will cartheme project; (5) have definitely

1 label. Offer expires Sept. 30, 1948 ry the torch of higher living if they encouraged camping, pioneer, and

Just25plusJLABEL butonly oncebulwarkunderstandagainst thatpersonalit is andthe effectiveoutdoor measuresactivities; to(6)!achievehave progused

from any of these spiritual disintegration. Our appreress in the advancement program

ciation is extended to the men who of Explorers and Scouts; and (7)

these truths so nobly have organized a program to give MARLO have taught and so unhaltingly. They are indeed public recognition for advancement

"Cupboard Meals"pillars of strength in Zion. May the of boys. In addition Explorer leadBeef Stew Meat Balls in Gravy Lord grant them courage, strength, ers have constantly advised young

Chili Con Carne Frankfurters wisdom, and a continued testimony men in activities of the roundedout with Beans joint social activities Frankfurters of the gospel. and in man

Chili Spaghetti Mac Girls. with Junior

Balls and this in are Meat of happy group AX7*E are the Following men who have Pork and Beans leaders, vigorous the at but certificates the for earned honor Spaghetti with time regret that the group same we 194748: Meat Sauce

is It to receive larger. the not award Beans and Scoutmasters is likely that in leaders more many Chili

Send this coupon the Church have fulfilled most of Salt Lake Area Council: Walter A.

plus 254 and one the requirements for the award. It Christensen, Harry L. Bodell,* Willie

label. Mario..No is the responsibility of Mutual Im- O. Milius, John V. Wasescha, Louis R. please stamps,

Mario Packing Corp., San Francisco provement Association officers to Hertig, and Clyde D. Glad,* Salt Lake

stimulate these men to complete the City; Horton D. Hess, Farmington,

details and to make application for Utah.

I| MARLO1955 Carrot! DEPT.Avenue, SanD2Francisco, Calif. the certificate. Since the task, and tle*Ogdenand AreaArlo Council:B. Seegmiller,Ray M.Ogden;Cotthe joy, of leading youth along the NAME Harold T. Jones, Slaterville; Merlin

is completed, path never upward it Larsen, Mantua.

ADDRESS is that even larger group an hoped National Parks Council: Glen Utah

the hence. a year award LCITY STATE J will begin now to prepare to receive Otterstrom, Castle Dale; B. H. Curtis, after But, all, the certificate of *Second year winners{Concluded on page 415)

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by

Kaufmann and Fabry Company

SIX O'CLOCK VIGIL

Dm **Dott; /4. barton

J HE watches, my little halfpast-four,

From the narrow porch beside the door. This is the sign. Her bare legs tanned

The shadow before her on the lawn By suburban sun are quick and strong,

Is dark and cool, now the sun is gone Yet, to her, the cutoff now seems long.

Back to the garden. Her blue eyes keep She flies toward the welcome in his face,

Close to the path where lush vines creep Reliant upon his steady pace.

High on the gate. At last she sees He makes a fence of arms held wide

The tall man nearing through the trees, And corrals the rush of her inside,

A brief case swinging from his hand. The charge of all her baby charms

Safecircled in her daddy's arms.

JUNE 1948 359 ENCHANTMENT By Sara Smith Campbell Here is an ageold trinity:

A boy, a book, an apple tree;

Between them an affinity Always has been, always will be.

I THANK THEE, LORD! STAR SONG ForTheif atree'sboy gnarledbe ten yearsbranchesold, form a nook

By Helen Mating By Luacine Clark Fox WhereinThe enchantmentto capture thatand liesto holdin a book;

T Te told me, and he told me, and he told T ift up your heads, And if the book be one to tell * * me once again—*-'All who would fear Of knights and thieves and buried

of pressure handThe a treasure, doubt in his; a look of And

... joy, or pain above earth he feels the spell Search with your eyes High

The busy years between came up, like sea The deep, unfathomable mystery of night Of bold adventure, dearbought pleasure.

that broke and poured. Set free your mind; If, above all, the month be June,

I don't three deserve the will bind a chain senses; your A magic love like his—and yet, I Unleash

... thee, thank Lord! afternoon gold a long many Through body. Prepare your

Let it be a vessel The boy, the book, the apple tree.

He told me words that stirred the dream; To receive the endless message of the stars:

he told me things I knew. Unnumbered millions of eternal lights

His words were like the seeds in fall that In whose uncharted winging POPPIES well, rooted grew; and the seen May be moving power of the By Queena Davison Miller like words wereAnd of the Universe the bulbs of blooms, Author

like the tunes and of song there, of eternities of of postal worlds beyond rack cards—and

I IWhile that loved knew of wildest dreams him.. well,. for TheAnd in snare sudden poppies a Red A long, for oh, long. so tie Man. like to tangled a knot Of color,

to another This day gone by... day

Sometimes it isn't what you say, or what Let every pore and sinew a baby, There was think you or dream; yourself Of yes neighbor's baby, A

It isn't star, catch a or fight you how all the with drenched Be coffin its tiny over And against the stream; Mysticism... its dress long white, Flowed

It isn't anything within that the moulds dark. in the Hidden I, gift scarlet clutching my

.. clay to form corner, cool garden a From

IBut his glad fill love have. I am to keep drink your parlor, in me Now griefdark the Stood

safe and warm; let it spread And small, mourner. unnoticed in slow, suffusing coolness ATo keep me from the depths of doubt; to within you. Deep flowers, offered Others

help sun. me see the not I. Why

It isn't anything I earn, or any prize I've Listen, now it..was to know How strange

won. die. child could A

It's only treasuretrove.. fine bit prismatic of shard time. one of time—I marvel And"Be still—andlet the Spiritknowwhisperthat I toam yourGod."soul, One

at its sheen the past poppies from on a Brought by

That love of man and wife should be a You have seen him card.

song with years between. Moving in eternity.

And mighty are his works is endless his name And is.. he! WOOD ROAD. even And he

Pauline all, Havard By them Above PRAYER FOR COMPENSATION all in them And a runaway was knew who through them all—HpHE And

Lillian By Livingston tails blue; of blazing * Jaysroadwith is For he God,

solitude; Quail, people who The Master of them all.

gifts in f et not the sufferings of these years be hidden the wood. Rich

vain; heads, your

I since these gifts were there. knew AndLet something splendid of all come this pain LiftO manup In of search maidenhair and mossThat wracks the mind tears and body, learn to walk with God. the And I, too, became a runaway heart,

And worthy ambitions seems to thwart. In the gold thickets of the day.

friend. small road soon a became The

isBecause precious, youth calm our torn that to with mend, dreams knew let WRITES A BOOK fears LOVE these notAnd years. be wasted

I trace often road and would TheIIf patience, love sympathy, and might grow secret hidingplace. Beauty's Cottam By Courtney let thrive,(Please love for emptiness hurts

so) And understanding that thy ways are best, "pORBiDDiNG and blackThat he who loves most is most blessed; * Is the canyon at night, A HOUSE WILL NEED A WOMAN

humilityIf new and gratitude Slashed by thin ribbons By Elaine V. Emans in serviceBe shown and in cheerful mood; moonlight; Of steely

And this I shall tell in my book. A house will need a woman, long as

If these, or even some, these years might ** there bring, torches Stars are the their shining best, houses kept Are to be

I think, hold; granite peaks is Lord, that would be a wondrous The inherently aware For a woman

thing. Then plushsoft their angles, Of when the curtains hang their loveliest,

And silver and gold; Of how the glass and silver need to shine,

Of this I shall write in my book. Of where to place a print, or shelf of books,

Or scatter rug. She quickly can divine

in mistlight call color, for houses she looks and When LOVE'S MONUMENT Waters in white lace to give Are ruched seeks a them and At rooms way

By Edwin E. McDonald When they break on a boulder calm.

Or lap at its base; All houses need some woman, from their

HpHE house torn up and all askew; This, too, I shall write in my book. front

*- A dirty sock, a misplaced shoe; Doors through to kitchens, fragrant, clean,

Unwashed dishes on the drain Heart cease this weeping and warm

Where, piled up they have often lain Tears are for the young. In wintertime—and, though a woman wants

For hours, while other tasks are done. Once love walked this way, A vastly different career, still deep

And yet, you make your work seem fun. But love's song is sung Within her heart she needs a house to

Are wives and mothers all like you? And closed, closed is my book. keep.

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What We Have Been Taught

[-mildent Ljeorae Mlbert S>mltk &

TJ.]he Lord has told us that there liquor among the people of the world and

are certain requirements that are made of us, realize their baneful effects upon the human and that if we fail to take advantage of his family, I am concerned for our youth.

advice and counsel, it will be to our sorrow The harmful use of stimulants and narand regret. cotics among the Latterday Saints ought not

This people have been advised to conserve to prevail. These habits should not be custheir energies and their means. We have tomary with us as they are in the world, for

been taught by those whom the Lord has we have been better taught.

raised up to instruct us that we should live We ought not to be among those who within our income, that we should not spend violate the Sabbath day, because the Lord as rapidly, and certainly not more rapidly, has told us what we should do in order than we can earn the money that comes into properly to honor his holy day.

our hands, to take care of ourselves and our We ought not to be among those who negfamilies. lect their prayers and fail to seek the Lord

I fear that the Latterday Saints, in many for his advice and counsel, for he has told us cases, are blinded by their own vanity, by that if we will come to him, he will hear us their desire to be what the world is. But we and bless us; and if we in our families neghave been told in plain language by our lect our prayers, the loss will be ours.

Heavenly Father that we cannot live as the I do not feel like criticizing people in the world lives and enjoy his Spirit. world because of conduct that is prejudicial

We read in the Old Testament and in the to good health and good morals as much as

New Testament, we read in the Book of I feel like warning the members of this

Mormon and in the Doctrine and Covenants, Church when we fail. We have been divinethe advice and counsel of our Heavenly Faly instructed. Not only do we have the advice

ther through his servants, directing us to be that has been given through the Old and the consistent in our lives, not to be selfish, not New Testaments, but we also have the teachto desire those things that belong to others, ings contained in other sacred records, supto take care of our bodies, to have our houses plemented by the inspired counsels of men in order, to exemplify in our lives those virwhom we have sustained as prophets, seers, tues that will enrich us here and prepare us and revelators.

for eternal life hereafter. And if any of us With these things confronting us, surely

fail, it will not be because we have not been the members of this Church should ever be well taught. on the alert. We should think seriously of

I have often observed the tendency to folour privileges and our opportunities, and we low after the world in many ways. I fear should not be willing to do what others do,

that if we are not careful, some of us may be just because it is popular.

tempted beyond our power to resist, and will It is the duty of fathers and mothers to call lose the gifts the Lord desires to bestow upon their families together and instruct them. It

us. In his wisdom he has warned us that is our duty to bow before the Lord in prayer

some things commonly used by the world are in our homes. It is our duty to ask the blessnot good for us. ing upon the food we partake of and to thank

For instance, we read in section eightyhim who gave us all these things. It is our

nine of the Doctrine and Covenants that in duty to be honest with our neighbors, not to our day certain evils and designs would incur obligations thoughtlessly that we may exist in the hearts of conspiring men; and as not be able to meet. It is our duty to teach

I see the increase in the use of tobacco and {Concluded on page 382)

'V*

JUNE 1948 361 SURVIVAL

come slaves to the state. The dignity and value of the individual,

except as a tool of government, have vanished in many parts of the world.

We have experienced in years past in many nations, including America, slavery of one state to another and the slavery of person to person. We

fought two great wars to settle these issues in our own land: The first

was a fight for national freedom;

TheicanthemeWay"Survivalof Life"ofwillthecarryAmer-a whohomeowntheynocanproperty;call theirwhoseown,heartsand

somewhat different connotation are filled with hatred, distrust, and to various groups even within the fear of the future.

United States. Probably to no other The outlook for free enterprise in

group will it bring a more significant the world has never seemed so unmeaning in terms of the future welcertain as now. A world survey by

fare of our country than to groups the New York Times, reported in who live on the ranches and farms of America. As one who has been ffAs ye sow, soreared among them, served them,

and been served by them, I declare shall ye reap."

that our rural people are today the strongest bulwark we have against the March 3, 1947, edition, shows all that is aimed, not only at weakthat nationalization is growing ening, but also at the very destrucrapidly, especially outside the westtion of our American way of life. ern hemisphere. Many nations have

It seems that man must get his feet a mixed economy brought about by into the soil to keep sane. In any an increase in state control and a

event, no other segment of our popcorresponding weakening of the ulation knows so well that "as ye private enterprise system. Under

sow, so shall ye reap."America various forms of socialism and comthe second was a fight for freedom

and the world must learn this etermunism, the growth of governmenof person from person. The current

nal truth. Failure to do so can bring tal restrictions and nationalization question, and one that has brought

only disappointment, suffering, and goes on apace. The seriousness of and is bringing so much sorrow and

desperation. the situation demands careful remisery to people in many parts of

It is not surprising that we should flection by all interested in the presEurope, is that of slavery of the inturn our thoughts to a consideration ervation and perpetuation of our dividual to the state.

of those factors which will detersystem of individual free enterprise, Should we as American citizens mine in large measure, our future predicated, as it is, on a democratic be concerned? We need not think

success and happiness as a nation capitalistic economy under a repubit cannot happen here.

through the preservation of the lican form of government. Fortunately, the founding fathers

American way of life. What, then, of this great land, under the benign

is the American way of life? What HThe New York Times printed the influence of a kind Providence, esare its fruits? Do we really want our results of a survey of twentytablished a solid foundation aimed

free enterprise system to survive? two nations, made by correspondto guarantee a maximum of individIf you could have spent a recent ents-—and of all of the countries, ual freedom, happiness, and wellyear with me in wartorn Europe, Canada appeared to be the only one being. "We hold these truths to be

that alone which you would have in which private enterprise "can be selfevident,"they said in the Decseen would have given the answers. said to be functioning today with laration of Independence, "that all

It is heartrending to see people anything like the freedom from govmen are created equal; that they are

who have lost their freedom of ernmental controls that obtains in endowed by their Creator with cerchoice—their free agency—who the United States."tain unalienable rights; that among

feel no security; who have no Millions of people today have bethese are life, liberty, and the pur362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of lifeof the AMERICAN WAY

suit happiness. secure of That to v->aendon (Dm Ozra Jaft inrights, these are governments

stituted among men, deriving their OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE just powers from the consent of the governed."This inspired document

proclaims clearly that governments the right to withhold from others. any educational opportunity. In the

should be established on such prinHere is our basis for freedom of inUnited States today there are nearciples as "seem most likely to effect"dividual achievement. Our Conly 3,000,000 unincorporated enterthe "safety and happiness"of the stitution with its Bill of Rights prises and 500,000 corporations dopeople. The Constitution of the guarantees to all our people the ing business, besides more than

United States, which Gladstone has greatest freedom ever enjoyed by 6,000,000 independent farmers and described as "the most the public of any great ranchers who operate their own wonderful work ever nation. This system guarconcerns. Any of these operators "The price of

struck off at a given time antees freedom of indihave been and are, to a high degree, freedom is vidual enterprise, freefree through their own hard work by the brain and purpose of man,"was aimed to eternal vigidom to own property, and wise management to make a "establish justice, insure lance"freedom to start one's profit, to invest in any enterprise domestic tranquillity, proThomas own business and to opthey may choose, and to leave a part vide for the common deJefferson erate it according to one's of their accumulation to be inherited fense, promote the gen own judgment so long as by others as they may, in large eral welfare, and secure the blessthe enterprise is honorable.The indimeasure, determine. They enjoy the

ings of liberty to ourselves and our vidual has power to produce beyond sacred rights of freedom of speech, posterity."his needs, to provide savings for the freedom of assembly, freedom of the

himself and of protection future are sacred these documents In 41rt an from 7Aapted at

Association. c"ve"Utah t!n '?"nual addressw o1 presentedGrowers'can principles where eternal which embodied He 20, 1948 January he 11wishesselect family.11pick and wants jobiilivehe or nation has 364) any {Continued ofr men, and on page group man, no

Signing of the Constitution of the United States of America. After painting by Howard Chandler Christy.

JUNE 1948 363 SURVIVAL OF THE AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE (Continued [com page 363) run, a nation enjoys in the form of amounts of mineral energy to do press, and freedom of worship. To goods and services only what it physical work. By 1940, fully ninety

this American entrepreneur his produces. We have established an percent of our energy output came

home is his castle, and, in the event alltime record of production. from minerals and only ten percent

that he is accused of an offense In the United States we have apfrom human and animal workers against the laws established by the proximately six percent of the combined. From 1850 to 1940, napeople, he has the right of trial by a world's land area and seven percent tional income increased more than

jury made up of his own fellow citiof its people. With the application sixteen times, while total manhours

zens. of the private enterprise system to worked increased less than four

All these and more, embodied in thepercentresourcesof the available,people of thisthe sevenearth thetimes.otherOutputhandof wasmineral260 energytimes onas

written documents which canpossess fiftyeight percent of the large in 1940, as in 1850. Most ocnot be changed easily and quickly to world's telephones, eighty percent cupations in the United States tosuit the whim of some wouldbe of the world's automobiles; produces day require more horsesense than

dictator, are our heritage under the sixty percent of the world's petrohorsepower. Under our free enterAmerican way of life. Here is freeleum, fortyeight percent of its copprise system there are good reasons

dom guaranteed by the limitation of per; and fiftyeight percent of its to believe that the technological

government through a written concotton. progress of the past will continue in

stitution. Do we recognize and fully This seven percent goes out onto the future, perhaps at an accelerated

appreciate the priceless value of this rate.

legacy? As a means of trying to

this, attentionfocus our on some Life Is "Our of Way free enterprise also system C\urheritage, millions are of Americans Eternal Based Upon flexibilall allows for necessary in specialboarding train sevencar a Principles"ity. other economic program No six citiesthree in fortyhundred and

eight states to inspect a collection of responds so readily to changes in some one hundred invaluable docuthe markets of the world and purwartime and peacetime demands.

ments. Among these are Washchases seventyfive percent of the Witness what happened after the

ington's personal copy of the Conworld's silk and sixty percent of fall of France in 1940, when the stitution, Jefferson's rough draft of the world's rubber. Other luxuries President asked Congress for

the Declaration of Independence, have likewise gravitated in good 50,000 planes to strengthen Ameriand the original copy of the Bill of proportion to this seven percent of ca's defense in a dangerous world.

Rights. This is but another effort the world's population. Other nations and some of our peohaven'tto focus the attention of Americans The per capita income in the ple cried, "Impossible! We

on the foundation principles which United States in 19391940, was the plants, money, or materials."

have, in large measure, made pos- $587.00; the United Kingdom, What was the answer of America's

sible our present way of life. It is $454.00; Germany, $244.00; Russia, free enterprise system? By June

an endeavor to direct our attention $130.00. In 1942, the per capita in1945, 297,000 war planes had been

to our heritage. Now, while the come in the United States had risen produced, nearly 100,000 of them

world is in commotion and turmoil to $852.00. In reasonably prosperbombers.

over ideologies and political philosous times, our income is sufficient to No fairminded person contends ophies, is a good time to reflect upon enable us to spend $10,000,000,000 that the private enterprise system is the past. It is a good time to draw a year for recreation in all its forms. perfect. It is operated by human

beings who are full of imperfections.a few comparisons—to take stock. Within the past century we have

Under these principles of freereceived a fivefold increase in net Many of us deplore the fact that a dom and enterprise America has output per manhour, and in 1944 few of our corporate entities seem to become the richest nation under the net output of our economy was lack that social consciousness proheaven, has grown to be the most twentyseven times as large as in portionate to their power and the powerful and influential nation in 1850. These vast gains in human privileges granted them by the state.

the world, using an economy based welfare have lessened human toil. Some businesses apparently still fail

upon freedom of individual achieveAt the time of the Civil War the to recognize that there are social ment. Here has been established average work week was seventy and spiritual values as well as profits

the most highly developed industrial hours. In America the inventive that should be considered in their

system in the world together with genius provides horsedrawn and operations. Neither do our needs althe technological equipment, human tractordrawn equipment, and one ways correspond to our demands

and otherwise, to support it. family can cultivate 50, 100, 200, or under the free enterprise system.

Our republic has now been an even 400 acres and more. A man For example, the American male

operating unit for almost one and working by hand has the physical still prefers steak and potatoes and threequarters centuries. During force of onetenth of a horse. A apple pie to a better balanced diet.

that period we have developed a man with a ten horsepower tractor Many American families often preproductive plant and a way of life has ninety times that much power fer housing below a decency level which have given the highest standand earns forty times more pay. to the "indecency"of getting along

ard of living for the masses known American ingenuity under freedom without a family car. As a nation

to the civilized world. In the long of choice has harnessed tremendous (Continued on page 404)

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Increasing Happiness and Solidarity

that there indicated fewer were in marriedTheogistsfamilyas theis regardedbasic institutionby sociolof of me couples divorces among Jamiiiy mankind. It is more influential the temples and by stake and ward

in personality molding couples authorities characmar- and than among By DR. A. REX SKIDMORE ter officers than any other type of associaand other ried by civil DIRECTOR, STUDENT COUNSEL, BUREAU OF

tion. The family offers the most intiUNIVERSITY OF UTAH church leaders, yet divorces were inmate and cherished companionship creasing in the Church. For examknown to man. Yet, at the present ple, during the period 192022, there

time family disorganization and diswas one divorce for every 38.24

cord are rampant throughout the marriages among couples married in country. the temples and by stake and ward

Divorce is on the increase, and authorities; but there was, during

desertion is too often prevalent. those same years, one divorce for

Additional family units are disinevery 13.20 marriages among

tegrating and resulting in separacouples married by civil authorities.

tions and heartbreaking lawsuits. For the period 1938 to 1940, thereThe sacredness and sanctity of the was one divorce to every 26.61 of

marriagehome and covenants are the first type of marriage performedbeing cast multitudinous aside by divorce one and 10.13 to every of couples. Studies indicate that nu-

3 those married officers. by civilmerous additional marriages are not

successful and happy, although A study made by Elder West of many of these couples remain to- 1,374 Mormon families living in vilgether due to obligations and social lages in Utah as related to the pressures. Church standards, indicated that

Although divorce is generally not only 1 1.9 percent were rated as bethe cause of famiing very successly breakups—but ful in home and

usuallysult—it theis partialend recommunity34 percent living,were

ly indicative of successful, 38 family disorganipercent were averzation and lack of age, 10.2 percent

happiness and solwere unsuccessidarity in family ful, and 5.8 perunits. Historically, cent were consid4divorce has made ered failures.

a tremendous inEven among famicrease in this lies living under country. In 1867, the same roof, disthere were 9,937 1 harmony and disdivorces in the sension are too

United States, "It is essential that all often present.

making a rate of only.3 for that is possible be done to

each 1,000 population. There has strengthen family love Suggestions for Strengthening

been a gradual steady increase in and solidarity"the Home and Reducing the rate since then. By 1900, there Family Breakups

were 55,751 divorces with a rate of of.7. In 1930, the rate had risen to Jn the state of 2 Utah there were Warious leaders of the Church

1.6; by 1 940, to 2.0; and in 1 946 ( the 2,651 divorces granted* in 1945, Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

last year reported) an alltime high and 3,433 in 1946. have stressed salient ideas for enwas reached with a total of 613,000 In 1946, there were 9,781 marhancing solidarity of the family.

Brigham Young admonished the riage licenses issued, resulted whichdivorces rate of 4.3. and a From as follows: in a ratio of about for people divorce one1867 to 1946, inthe divorce rate

each 2.8 marriages performed. The father should be full of kindness,creased one thousand and three hunPresident David in O. McKay an and endeavor to cheer happify and thedred percent in the United States! address at April general 1945 con- (Continued on page 402)

ference, reported that a study of diStatistics, Marriage and Divorce sDavid O. States, United McKay, "Marriage and Divorce,"The in1946, Security Federal Agency, the Church, Public from Era, U.S. Improvement 48:239 Health vorce 192044,

Service, Statistics Vital Reports, Vol.—Special A. West, 4Roy Family Eternal, Bookcraft, Salt 10, October 24,XXVII, No. 1947, p. 175 City, 1946, 171. zIbid., p. 166 Lake p.

JUNE 1948 365

The Spirit of God and the development

seal the book, the words, and "Shut up greater because peopast century more more the we haveWithin shall to the of time end: the Many resources, scientific knowlhas been even ple, more more knowledge

infro, shall knowledge be run to and and accumulated than in all the time creased."... Surely these two predictions edge to work with. The more we

prior to the early 1800's. Precedare being fulfilled on the earth today. Joel, know, the more we can assimilate

ing centuries have contributed, of also, was shown the last days and predicted and understand."

course, to truth, but history records many things that would take place preparaThere is more than a grain of in the foregoing, but let us seeno age of the world's history so Amongtory to theothersecondthingscominghe said,of our"AndRedeemer.it shall truth

characterized by knowledge as this come to pass afterwards, that I will pour what scientists have found about the one in which we are privileged to out my spirit upon all flesh, and your sons development of science itself. Dr.

live. On every hand are to be seen and your daughters shall prophesy, your Pitirim A. Sorokin, Russianborn

tools and devices produced by the old men shall dream dreams, your young head of the Sociology Department visions: shall see And men also upon using his knowlingenuity of man the at University, Harvard an exmade the in those servants handmaids upon and

laws.edge of natural of haustive study 8 of the number I spirit."* will out days pour my

Wherever we are able to practise scientific discoveries made in differpublic health procedures, our lives There are people who will object ent periods of the history of the are made more efficient, pleasant, to such an explanation, just as they western world. Some of his findings

and secure than were those of our refuse to give God credit for anyare given in the accompanying forefathers. Our hospitals and medithing except when they use his name graph.

cal facilities also help to lower the in vain. They attribute this great The reader will please note that

death rate especially among mothers increase of knowledge to chance disthe scale is not the same throughout and babies, and have extended the covery of basic truths, which, then, the graph, but decreases as the life span. lead to numerous lesser discoveries. number of discoveries gets larger.

Development along technological The mariner's compass, for examThus the same amount of space is lines has been phenomenal. Autople, made possible many geographibetween line ten and one hundred

matic conveniences have made living cal discoveries; Harvey's disclosure as between 100 and 1,000. The

a relatively simple thing so far as of the circulation of the blood laid number of discoveries made in the the menial tasks are concerned. the groundwork for other facts to seventh century was four, whereas

There seems to be no speed limit in be uncovered in physiology and 8,527 discoveries were made in the the matters of cleaning a house, anatomy. nineteenth century—more than

cooking a meal, or washing and Other people will explain that 2,000 times as many. This type of

ironing clothes. chance discovery of new continents, graph enables small values to be

We might think that we are brighter than our forefathers, yet their brains were capable of as much "The Spirit of God rested upon Columbus when he thought as our own. We should discovered America as was prophesied by Nephi in the

look deeper than the brilliant surface of our luxury and wonder why fifth century before Christ."

we are the favored darlings of the ages; why it is our privilege to speak interchange of ideas with other peoseen, whereas, if they were proporin Dan and be heard in Beersheba ples, intermarriage to produce new tionate to large values, they would

—or Australia-—or Alaska, and strains, and more vigorous and rebe invisible.

cross the oceans with rocket speed. sourceful races, etc., have brought It appears that the left side of the

"Phe thinking person will own that about this wonderful flowering of graph represents a decline from factors science. Naturally, these period of greater knowledge. some originates with all God. truth

in the process, but each helped have tell scriptures us that The Adam, with this generation blessed hasHe is the allseeing its turn comunder others and Noah, Enoch, were men for a wise all this and knowledge, he the Almighty. of mand When great of of knowledge. what Most scientific withheld has much purpose

is Spirit his man, upon bestows man had, lost they however, and was lived those from information who curiosity; fired insatiable he with their "landescendants only not Fielding time. our Joseph before his to quesfind to desires answers in unbelief"also guished debut reason finger his on the Smith put

tions, more understands he and scito of natural ignorance scended by saying clearly what he reads and sees. ence and how to apply it.

It is a very significant thing that most of Some even will cast doubt upon inventions have discoveries and the modern the the statement that today's progress \X7ith respect to ancient science, opening of the to the world since come heavens to the Prophet Joseph Smith.1 is proportionately greater than that Professor Sorokin says:

of previous periods. They will say:

And from the same source: "Consider the greater number of The very fact that these ancient cultures possessed great cultural achievements

to preDaniel to in proportion people many today angel revealed The makes it improbable that they were so said to and concerning our day things is ages. our progress Perhaps him: vious

SP. A. Sorokin, Social and Cultural Smith. Signs of the Times, p. 154. Mostph Fielding

Company, Book *Ibid., p. 153 II, American New York,Dynamics.1937. Vol. 1947. Mo., Independence,

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the graph shows one occurring OF SCIENCE aroundthe othertheat thirdthe timecenturyof Christ.B.C. Itandis

to be expected that considerable 5y \Jr$on lA/kitneu Ujouina, fn.Jj. scientific advance should be made

during Christ's sojourn on earth,

CHAIRMAN, LIFE SCIENCE DIVISION, WEBER COLLEGE, OGDEN, UTAH since it is by his Spirit that truth is

MEMBER, ML OGDEN STAKE HIGH COUNCIL given to man. Since his Spirit is the

Light of Truth, his presence should encourage scientific as well as reliJQ000 gious progress.

After the time of Christ occurred a great decline in both religious and scientific activity. Then it was that

the "words"were "shut up"and

Age of "the the "book"was "sealed,"for the 0V Earthly Mission Dark Ages were a time of stagnaof the Lord tion in both faith and knowledge.

io 100 The true principles of the gospel were lost or perverted imitations *5 were substituted, such as sprinkling as a method of baptism instead of the true process of immersion. The

same thing happened in science.

Instead of the clear thinking and original observation practised by

Aristotle, ancient authority was slavishly quoted to prove a point of doctrine or a fact of nature. Hisdumber of scientific, technological, and geographical discoveries made in the western torians tell of a debate being waged

world. Based on data from Sorokta, "Social and Cultural Dynamics vol.e. about the number of teeth in a

horse's mouth, and ancient tomes being consulted while the horse—and

nearly sterile in discoveries. It does not papyrus which was found by his teeth—stood outside unnoticed.

likely that they seem were so backward Ebers in Georg the about M. in Egypt when we read of We smile this respect, in fact of the view that they

recent translation superstition of this ignorance and which 1 860. The constructed great buildings, performed

marvelous engineering feats, successfully ancient document shows that it was characterized the Dark Ages. We

treated (as we now know, after several a treatise on medicine, dating from wonder why men did not see when recent archeological findings) many ailthe fifteenth century, B.C. At this they looked and understand what

ments and maladies, possessed medical and time the science of medicine had atthey read. The Lord told us he

treatises, biological surprisingly accurate calendars, and the like. In brief, due to the tained an astonishingly high grade would pour out his Spirit upon men effacing role of time and other circumof development among that people.—a thing which evidently began

stances, we do not have as complete a And since it is safe to assume that around the eleventh to the thirteenth record of their discoveries as of those in the formulation of a system of medicenturies. It was then that the first

centuries. recent Therefore, the more recine in the early days of mankind dawnstreaks of the new day were period, mote the the more markedly do

our data underestimate the number of disrequired centuries of becoming visible; the

coveries.* observation and pracrf first few stirrings of the The thinking tice, it becomes apparent Renaissance, the awakAristotle (384322 B.C.), Greek that the manuscript in person will own ening. It showed first

founder of natural history, must question was no vague, that all truth in the field of literature have drawn information from a long first attempt at reducing originates with and art, later in science.

line of predecessors in the study of medicine to a system. God."Andreas Vesalius

nature, "who had accumulated facts It is built upon much (15141564), Belgianof observation and had molded them scientific knowledge, and must have born anatomist, impetuously thrust into a system before he perfected been preceded by writings both aside clumsy substitutes and by and developed that system. We are on medicine and on its allied scihis own dissection found error

reminded that all things are relative ences. after error in the ancient writings.

when we find Aristotle referring to At first he doubted his own eyes, the ancients; and well he might, for Tt was in 547 B.C. that Daniel was then later published his own Struc*

indubitable that evidence have we in ture 1543 Body told to Human "shut of the the words, up and scientific the of of anmuch work his the brought on head and seal down to the book, the even of time lost. tiquity has of the been One his of colleagues opposition the and the end."There upsurges were two

in striking discoveries pointing most that the disfavor of of churchmen scientific of activity after that, for is direction that the famous now day.

its eLocy, Biology Makers, and Co., Holt Henry &

*-lbid., p. 129 9. York. 1930, p. New [Concluded on 394) page

JUNE 1948 367 ar< (Drentnall "Beyond The Alps"&t

Valedictorians chosen to inspire estimably valuable gifts of the spirit, their fellow classmates at gradoLetd in maturity. If we develop properly

uation are becoming a rare in life, our desires shift from cosspecies. Symposiums and panels TALK IT OVER tume jewelry to family loyalty and

thethe modern and very solemn strugyour individual best in a complete unselfishness. We move from

gles of the mind to solve the modern plan. You learned to "fit in."It gifts of a dresser set to the gift of

and very solemn struggles of the may have been your own little knowing we have done our full

It is a bit of an "Alp"tomoment—are taking their place. But hardship, but it ended in satisfacshare.

while valedictories are now becomtion and order. To lay aside your cross, but the greatest joys in life

ing a little oldfashioned they were own personal whim and "fit in"at spread out before our eyes when we once deservedly popular. Hours of the right moment is a wonderful have learned to value the choicest

inspired effort went into their prepthing to have learned from graduagraduation gifts. The best graduaaration, as evidenced by the fact tion. It is part of the delight of life. tion gift is the love and support ofthat though they sometimes failed in our family—their interest and pride

being eloquent, they largely sucin our accomplishment. And the

valuable gift is anythingceeded in being joyful—a very valunext most

able quality indeed. This joy came which is intrinsically real and lastto be keynoted in the words, "Being—that can be treasured and

yond the Alps lies Italy."This was prized through the years. Perhaps

a fairly good summation of the spirit will help us when we long for it of nearly all valedictories. something trivial if we ask ourselves, "What will this mean to me

A Talk With Graduates ten years from now?"

"Beyond the Alps"was a catch phrase in the early third of this cenThe Graduation Exercises for laughs. But it was Did they seem interminable or didtury—good

a lovely phrase too, exemplifying as you love every moment of them?

it did the fountain of hope that bubHowever you felt, several elements bles triumphantly in the human were involved: your own physical

heart. It was an eager phrase, eager chair, your clothing, comfort—your

for danger and hardship and toil the temperature of the room; your

eager for the rigors of Alpine climbmental comfort—were you happy,

'the programing—because beyond hardship lay worried, nervous;the beauty of art, music, poetry, and was it interesting—above all, did it

best of things terminate. should eternal of promise good. Fewromance.—the It was a delightful phrase Graduating Gifts end at the allotted time? Even the

are programs to stand today Let good enough with you me talk using I F you read Mama's Bank Account a "symbol symposium"on the subor saw / Remember Mama, you prolongation. I hope your exercises

will recall Catherine's finest the of to all ject near our were wonderful—with hearts—gradthe celluloid let music, dresser set—"completedelight over speaker and the loveliest try butuation. with you to me And

weave into it some of the old spirit with hair receiver."It was the gift if there were aspects which disapof the valedictory, not just the catch she most desired for her high school pointed you, try to decide what and

phrase for laughs, but the delight graduation. But what a price was why. Was it your own physical orand promise of life ahead. paid for it—the heirloom brooch her mental discomfort, the quality of the

mother cherished and meant to pass program, or its timing?

Your Graduation Dress on to Katherine. The brooch was of You'll learn a great deal by thinkYou wanted a flamecolored "balsome monetary value, but most of ing this over. You'll be a better

lerina,"but it couldn't be. The dean all it stood for the best in family host, a better business or professionhad set up certain procedures and tradition. Katherine, of course, al man, a better wife and mother, a

regulations which did not include knew nothing of her mother's sacribetter speaker—a better everything

flamecolored "ballerinas."This was fice and upon inadvertently discov-—if you learn to make others comher prerogative. She did it with the ering it, promptly gave up the dressfortable, learn to make your perbest interests of the entire graduater set and regained the prized pin formances worth while and learn,

ing group in the parents, not because she herself valued the above all, when to end things—evemind—plus

plus the faculty, plus the school ofpin, but because she had "grown nings, speeches, bad habits. Timing

ficials. She saw the whole picture. up and could not bear to achieve is a mountainous lesson to master,

Well, that is all past now anyway, her own desires at the cost of her but how smooth and serene life bebut the important thing to remember mother's loss. We perfect our comes for those who have perfected

is that it was a whole picture, just sense of values as we grow up. We this art. Did you learn this from

as college caps and gowns present progress from a love for the baubles your graduation exercises? Praise

a whole picture, and you are glad of infancy and the gadgets of childbe if you did!

that you were part of it—looking hood to an appreciation of the in- {Continued on page 408)

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA their followers leaving the fold.

Both in America and Europe, rereached such a high pitch LOOKING sentment that it took a brave soul to declare himself a member. Conversion often

resulted in the breaking up of famiAHEAD lies.

at the an with greater hope ageMyof maternaleighteen, grandmother,in company with older sister, left parents and brothDm J. J/. USvack en ersage inof Norwaysix weeks,and,walkedafter aacrosssea voythe

plains to Utah. My wife's grandtttah has for years supplied other system was instituted. Many people

converts choice her England became of from a part with New lifephilosophy of 'J'he faith, to this along the expense. great new and brought ToI statescrop at the Latterday Saints, stability of alert pur- a minds, challeng- a with this presentsgeneticist,

ing problem. If a farmer continues pose, a conservative attitude, and an if put to constructive use,

to sell some of his best livestock or unflinching sense of duty characteriscontributes toward their disposes of his choicest seed, he will tic of these descendants of early Engeducational and intellecfinally reach a point where such lish settlers. Brigham Young was tual accomplishments,

practice will measurably affect proone of these converts. Later, misduction. It is wellknown that human germ plasm possesses great mother and a sister left England unresilience, but whether it can stand der almost identical circumstances.

continual drain without impairment Similar instances among both men is a question. If a cultivator is to imand women were repeated many

prove his land, he must plow under times in the early history of the soilenriching crops, otherwise the PROFESSOR Church. The heritage of presentfarm will gradually deteriorate. SimiBRACKEN day Mormons may certainly be said

larly, Utah must turn back into the to exclude lassitude and indecision.

genetic reservoir her best talent if Currently there are more than four those characteristics of the pioneers thousand missionaries in the field.

are to be maintained. This problem Under the urge of religious conis not unique to Utah alone; other 7V F- Bracken, a member of viction, and fearing rebuke for igthe Utah State Agricultural norance by the persons approached, states may suffer likewise. **

John A. Widtsoe and Richard L. Collegeacting faculty,as consultanthas been onfor leavethe they study as never before. In two

Evans state that the lifephilosophy Syrian government on agriculturyears these boys grow into men.

of Latterday Saints is a contributal problems for the past year and They must learn to talk clearly and ing factor to educational interest a half. In that faroff land he forcefully, think on their feet, and

and advancement. 1 The basic belief received a copy of the July Imforget selfconsciousness and fear,

stirred and was Era bold. overbearingly being without eternal proprovement Saints isof Latterday article particularly the "The by

serto preach expected They are the statebygression as expressed of Level the LatterEducational street corners in many from oncement, is, God now Saints"by man "As John A. Widtsoe mons 2 day of assemblies places, before and L. Evans. and Richard is, man may be."was: as now God

article conProfessor Bracken's opportunity. at every House people expression, is saved no The man "A

conobservations further 3 tains calls are a daily routine. to house faster gets knowledge,"than he the cerning educational accomconfirms this belief. Another stateplishments of the Latterday This is rigorous training. On returnment, "The glory of God is intelliSaints. ing home, those with the necessary

gence,"4 puts divine approval and ability become leaders in their resanction on man's effort toward enspective communities. A number

lightenment. These are some of the become teachers at all levels of the

fundamental and basic beliefs of educational system from elementary

Latterday Saints. Thus it is apschool to college and university.

parent that the lifephilosophy of sionaries were sent to England, With training in agriculture these these people, if put to constructive Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Germen make good county extension use, contributes toward their educamany, Holland, Belgium, and agents.

tional and intellectual accomplishFrance. In fact, all nations were exUtah has always demanded wellments. plored for converts by men who cartrained teachers who have the abilried a gospel of their own deep conity to guide inquiring young minds.

7V t the very beginning of the Church victions to people who were seeking Standards for qualifying as teachers in this dispensation, a missionary the truth. Soon this faith began to have gradually increased until no

for 444 1947, p. a position with concern July Improvement -The looked upon considered be and one is now

in spring President 1840 Lorenzo Era,Snow—of other of suspicion a recognized by leaders a graduate except Smith, second Prophet Teachings Joseph of the

edition, p. 217

*Doctrine and Covenants 93:36 churches. Many pastors could see (Concluded on page 412)

JUNE 1948 369 MBJia

The Church in

.

Delivering milk in Santa Ana, Costa Rica

Central America, long of interRex E. Beck, former Argentine misest to Book of Mormon students sionaries, and Brother and Sister M.

because of its wealth of ruins Taylor Abegg. Elder Fails presided

from preColumbian empires, has over the group, being set apart as an now been opened to missionary ac- M.I.A. service group leader. Hildetivity, under the direction of the gard Hickhardt, who had been bapMexican Mission, whose geographitized in Germany in 1908, and who,

cal jurisdiction now extends from since 1913, had been in South and the Rio Grande to the PanamaCentral America, was located in San

Colombia border. Jose. These members of the Church

It would be difficult indeed to turn invited friends to join with them, AugustIn front17, of1947,the dayMissionbeforeHomedeparturein Mexicofor City,Cenback the calendar to a place and tral America, left to right. Elder Seth 6. Mattice, Pima, Arizona, E. Earl Elder and Hansen,

.. is thesay: "This beginning. the Falls, Idaho Idaho, to assigned City, Guatemala Interior Guatemala's Minister Franof L. Guatemala; Arwell Pierce, president of the receiving cisco Villagran, this field de of a "Librobeginning labor,"of new Mission; Mexican Fails, Clark H. second counPresident Pierce. from Mormon"selor; Elder David D. Lingard, Salt City, Lake thebecause beginnings here were Elder B. and Miller, Robert Saint David, Arizona,

probably not made by missionaries, assigned to San Jose, Costa Rica.

but by those members of the Church who went into this part of the world American members returned to the for employment or in answer to miliUnited States to live, with the extary call, and did their job so well ception of Elder and Sister Fails, that they built good will for the who returned to Costa Rica in

Church as well as for themselves. March 1946, he to teach English,

One of the first of these was H. and she to be secretary of the LinClark Fails, warrant officer, United coln School. They remained until

States Army, who arrived in San September, but it was long enough

Jos6, capital city of Costa Rica in to realize the partial fulfilment of to in the military 1943,August work missionary work dreams—that officeattache of the American Emtheirwould be opened in that republic.

bassy. Both he and his wife, who During those war years the comaccompanied him, were former plete reports of activities were sent

missionaries.SpanishAmerican A many of whom accepted the invitalittle over a year later, Sergeant

Robert H. Burton, who was also a tions and attended reguarly.

former SpanishAmerican missionBrother Jesse S. Allen was found

working for the United States pubary, was assigned to the United lic roads administration. His wifeStates military mission to Costa

Rica. and daughter were the first perMeetings were begun in August sons to be baptized in Costa Rica, in

1 944 in the Fails'home. In Novem- a small stream in the beautiful

ber a Mutual was added to the mountains surrounding San Jose. At the close of the war all of theweekly schedule of Sunday School

and sacrament meeting. Sister BurFirst persons to be baptized into the

ton soon joined her husband, and ChurchS. Allen,in Costaright, Ricaand aredaughterSister Patsy.Jessie

the membership of this small LatterBrother Allen, who baptized his wife, day Saint group was further augis in center.

mented by Gardner H. Russell and

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA j. zuij.CENTRAL AMERICA b,ju

to the servicemen's committee of the dency. They visited Senor Acosta, September morning Elder O'Donnal

Church, and the missionary comand Subsecretary of Public Securwas set apart as a local missionary mittee was favorably impressed. ity, Colonel Rogelio Granados, and to assist the regularly assigned misduring their stay the President of sionaries, five years after he had

Tn July 1946, the First Presidency Costa Rica, Lie. (Attorney) Teocome to Guatemala.

added Central America, including doro Picado, received them twice. President Pierce and President

Panama and the Canal Zone to the President Picado, who was given a Fails, after leaving Guatemala and territory of the Mexican Mission. Book of Mormon, was particularly Costa Rica, flew to the Canal Zone

President and Sister Arwell L. interested in the volume, reading to visit the branch there. It is the

Pierce of the Mexican Mission and commenting on several passages only Englishspeaking branch of the toured this region in September at the time the book was presented Mexican Mission. It was organized

1946, just before the Fails left Costa to him. on May 18, 1941, by President

Rica. Elders Robert B. Miller of Saint Antoine R. Ivins of the First CounDavid, Arizona, and David D. Lincil of the Seventy, and for more than

gard of Salt Lake City, Utah, were five years, until it became a part of assigned to labor in Costa Rica. the Mexican Mission in September

1946, it was under the direct superTn much the same manner the gosvision of the First Presidency. The

pel message was brought to branch membership, now numbering

Guatemala. J. Forres O'Donnal forty, is composed entirely of govwas assigned by the U. S. Departernment and service personnel and

*mM ir* ment of Agriculture to go to Guatheir families. All the auxiliaries of

temala. Letters were soon on the the Church are functioning in the

way bearing his return address, branch, but one of its great probpleading for missionaries to be sent lems is the turnover of members, to that little country that has long partially seen in the fact that it has enjoyed religious freedom, and had six branch presidencies since its where missionaries of various faiths organization.

are welcome. President and Sister

Pierce visited Elder O'Donnal in pOR the present time, at least, mistheir original visit to this new area sionary work in both Guatemala and Costa Rica will be limited to the "white"population. Perhaps one of

the reasons for the limiting of the scope of the missionary endeavor is that in Guatemala, while Spanish is the official language, between fifty-;

five and sixty percent of the population is Indian, and there are no

Country bananas. girl with fewer than eighteen dialects spoken

Oxcart and oxen haulin this nation of 42,353 square miles, ing cacao beans in or about half the size of Utah. Five

Costa Costa Rica. Most

Rican oxcarts are percent of the Guatemalans have brightly painted intricate designs. with been classified as "white."On the

other hand, Costa Rica, about half

During the visit, President Pierce of the mission in September 1946, the size of Guatemala, is composed and Brother Fails had a very sucand when President Pierce returned of a population said to be ninetycessful interview with Julio Acosta, in September 1947, it was in the seven percent white (including

Secretary of Foreign Relations hills overlooking Guatemala City mestizo), two percent negro, and (and a former president of the where, immediately following a reone percent Indian. Spanish, too, is

Republic), who granted permission freshing rain on the Sabbath mornthe language of the Costa Ricans, for the missionaries of the Church ing of September 7, that President and the Roman Catholic faith is the to enter Costa Rica. Pierce offered a prayer for the sucpredominant religion of both counReaping the benefits of those cess of the work in Central America. tries.

seeds of good will for the Church, Elders Seth G. Mattice of Pima, Guatemala is the site of the anPresident Pierce returned to Costa Arizona, and Earl E. Hansen of cient Mayan civilization. Like Costa

Rica in September 1947, with a Idaho Falls, Idaho, were originally Rica, its sister republic, it is mouncorps of missionaries, including assigned to labor in Guatemala. tainous, and the mountains are comElder Fails, who had been called to Elder Mattice has now been sucmonly called the Cordillera of the

the mission field and selected as secceeded by Elder C. Clark Welling Andes, or simply Andes, although

ond counselor in the mission presiof Salt Lake City, Utah. On that (Concluded on page 407)

JUNE 1948 371 CAMPFIRE

oLeeaend of the cilBigof Dog,the otherHuntingthree Teepees,great leaders,and

TETONS Thunderin council Cloud,for manywherehourstheyin hiswerebig as told by VERNON L. STRONG teepee. They were not discussing

SCOUT EXECUTIVE, TETON PEAKS COUNCIL whether to go to the aid of their brothers in the mountains, but rather courtesy "U. S. Forest Service"how soon they could be on the—Photograph,

killed did, they be organized. by his too would to be

left. people. he Then Thunder summoned Many,greatmanyplains yearsof Americaago onlivedthea marchFinallyand howTwo bestEagles

tribe of Indians so great and runners who were sent to the many Cloud was much disturbed by this important that they were called the other camps of the Nation with inappearance but finally was able to

Nation of the Tetons. One day a structions for the lesser chiefs, the go back to sleep. He was again

lone runner was sifhted far to the warriors, and the braves to come at waked by the devil man who rewest. He approached the teepees, once, prepared to go to the rescue peated his message a second time.

coming to the largest in the group, of the Indians in the mountains. InThis happened again, after which

where he fell from exhaustion. structions were also given for the Thunder Cloud was so disturbed

When he was revived sufficiently, squaws, the papooses, and the old that he went to the teepee of Two he told the head chief that he came men to come as fast as they could, Eagles, the head chief, and told him with bad news from the Indians far for the chiefs knew that they, too, what had happened. Bat Two

to the west in the great mountains; would be needed. Eagles was still determined to go

forward to the rescue of the Indians in the west.

Tn a few days the great band of chiefs, warriors, and braves started on the long trek to the westward. Just before coming into the

great mountains, Thunder Cloud again was visited by a devil man while asleep in his teepee. This time

the devil man did not warn them not to come to the rescue of the Indians in the mountains, but rather taunted and chided Thunder Cloud and his people for being so foolish. Thunder

Cloud was very much disturbed, and again went to the teepee of Two

Eagles where the two discussed the battle that would ensue when they arrived at the battlefield.

Soon the great band of Indians came into a large valley surrounded by high mountains, and as they came into the valley, they heard the cries of the men in battle far to the west side of the valley. The younger

Indians were anxious to proceed at once to the rescue, but the wise old chiefs gave orders to camp for the—Photograph by Vernon L. Strong night with instructions for all to

THE GRAND TETONS IN SUMMER DRESS rest, for they would need their strength on the morrow. Chief Two

that a great horde of men of short That night, as Thunder Cloud, Eagles called a council of war in his stature and darkened skin had atthe medicine man, was lying asleep teepee that night. The instructions

tacked his people and were destroyin his teepee, he was waked to for the battle were sent to the lesser ing them. He called them devil men. see standing before him one of the chiefs. Shortly before daybreak the

He had been sent as a runner to the devil men, who spoke to him and Indians broke camp and headed for

Nation of the Tetons for help. told him that he and his people the great canyon to the west where,

Two Eagles, the head chief of the should not go to the rescue of the soon after daybreak, they fell upon

Nation of the Tetons, called a counIndians in the mountains; for if they the devil men with such tremendous

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA great forests around the lake, and yon, and as they followed the trail as the fire was at its height, tremenof the battles a great wailing went dous earthquakes struck down the up for the loved ones who had fallTALES mountains and caused the great en! Their grief was so intense that

lake, all the devil men, and the the Great Spirit formed four great impact that they forced them backburning forests to be entirely covpeaks at the head of the canyon.

ward, westward through the canyon ered over. (This is where the geyThe north one, Thunder Cloud, the

with sheer cliffs on either side, sers and paint pots of Yellowstone medicine man; the tallest peak,

where none could escape. As they Park now belch forth.) Chief Two Eagles; farther to the

approached the elbow of the canyon Soon the squaws, the papooses, south Chief Big Dog; and next

where it veers to the left and south, and old men arrived at the scene of Chief Hunting Teepees. Across a

many of the Indians had circled to the battle in precipitous Death Can- (Concluded on page 397) the rear of the devil men and had cut off their retreat. And so they

forced them to retreat up the north in the wall at elbow the wall where of T I M P A N G S is this point drop. not a sheer Across XrJ

the great plateau to the north they AS INTERPRETED BY W. BERT ROBINSON, VICE PRESIDENT AND TREASURER

forced them into another box canUTAH-IDAHO SUGAR COMPANY yon, where only two small places for retreat could these be used down in part of the Spirit being the form of the Great Wasatch Forming trails. precipitous ( These two places

in universe, Range of mountains of the Utah, possessing the poware and now called the Upper Lowlife located immediately and to create of er south administer and to

Devil's er Staircase. Indians ) The City, Salt living thing. imposing in Lake death its towto every

fast devil the as as pursued men ering magnitude, TimpanoMount luxurious of foliage growth The possible. the through canyon Down stands in majestic as gos grandeur, vegetation magnificent of the and retreat. in devil the they forced men to though symbolize, perpetuate and inforest abundantly nearby was It it all as nearly looked though was the of tranquility protect beauty and elk, deer, habited antelope, and by over the to they mouth came when the countryside. surrounding the other animals wild which from it this into great of as canyon opens

is Indian an Timpanogos word their of Indians supplies gathered valley lux- a beautiful with covered or Sleeping, Reclining meaning forclothing. the food Within and forestgrass, uriant surrounded by

floor the of the Maiden, from and est, forth streams bubbling gave mountains. they apcovered As crest valley the below, topmost upon sparkling of forming springs water,

it that valley, the proached seemed this of magnificent the monument, lakes,- rivers within and and upon devil of thousands thousands upon is figure outline plainof a woman's fish air of the fowl which, wild and trees out behind from and came men the ly visible. before Centuries ago, plentiful. Inthe of sea were The fell Inthe rocks Teton upon and

coming of the white man, this secdians lived in tranquility, contentdians with such force that they caused them to retreat back up the tion of the earth was inhabited by a ment, and happiness. group of North American Indians.

canyon. The particular tribe of which I T3ut in the course of time, a great

peaceloving people, speak a was this visited section of drought fallen, the of as Indians had Aany in believing recognizing and God, the rainfall the earth. ceased; The devil as the the men, and had the as earth here his presence upon on {Concluded page 400) devil men forced the Indians back

up to the sheer cliffs on the sides of the canyon, the great leaders began to fall. Stalwart warriors who had

seen many, many battles lost their lives. Finally only the four great

chiefs were left, and then one by one

Hunting Teepees, Big Dog, Thunder Cloud, and Two Eagles were slain.

The Great Spirit then noticed what had happened and caused all of the devil men to be driven to the north into a great woodstudded valley in the center of which was a great lake. As the devil men came

near the lake, the Great Spirit caused a violent storm to come.

Lightning flashed and set fire to the

SNOWCAPPED MOUNT

TIMPANOGOS—Photograph by

Richard G. Thayne

JUNE 1948 LONG BEACH STAKE Double Citation Winner President Virgil H.

Sponberg; Y.M.M.I.A.

Superintendent, Dr. F.

Glade Wall; Y.W.M.I.A.

President Lucila S.

Barnes; Y. M. M. I. A.

"Era"Director Clay A.

Miller; Y. W. M.I. A.

"Era"Director Grace Johnson.

MESA STAKE President Lucian M.

Meacham, Jr.; Y.M.GOLDEN JUBILEE M.I.A. Superintendent

E. R. Brimhatl (no

photo available); Y.W.

M.I.A. President Lucelle M. Taylor; Y.W.

M.I.A. "Era"Director CAMPAIGN Ruth Brundage.

tna UNION STAKE President Lloyd SuMarion N. Siviccete perintendentStoddard;Walch; Y.M.M.I.A.Y.W.M.I.A.

President Pearl Bruce;

Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"Director Julia Hiatt. By JOHN D. GILES

BUSINESS MANAGER MARICOPA STAKE President L. Harold

Wright; Y.M.M.I.A. Sulive perintendent Rulon T. King is dead. the HE Long6iri1

Shepherd; Y.W.M.I.A.

I King."In foreign lands when President Margaret

Heywood; Y.M.M.I.A. * the old ruler passes and a new S. "Era"Director

one is crowned, the people gather Hibbert. J. Love//

and shout the traditional, "The POCATELLODouble CitationSTAKEWinner

King is dead. Long live the King."President William P.

This year the customary cry of SuperintendentWhitaker; Y.M.M.I.A.Claude

the Old Country lands becomes esPresidentI. Ashton;DorothyY.W.M.I.A.Bospecially appropriate in reporting quet;DirectorY.M.M.I.A.Lawrence"Era"J.

The Improvement Era Golden JubiDenkers;"Era"director,Y.W.M.I.A.Mrs.

L. J. Denkers.

SOUTH CAROLINA

STAKE President W. Wallace lee subscription campaign. For sevMcBride; Y.M.M.I.A.

Superintendent James eral years the campaign has been C. Graham; Y.W.M.I.A.

President Alice Timruled by South Los Angeles Stake, mons; Y.M.M.I.A."Era"

Director Jonas S. the pioneer in modern type Era

Groves; Y. W. M. I. A. campaigns. Year after year this "Era"Director Urell

Morgan. progressive stake in Orange Land

FLORIDA STAKE President Alvin C. has bided its time and then conChace; Y.M.M.I.A. Suducted a campaign which has sent

perintendent A. Thomas

Hill; Y.W.M.I.A. Presiit to Church leadership. In the

dent Alzada B. Chace;

Y.W.M.I.A. Dipresent campaign, however, the old "Era"

kopf. rector Jessie V. Rehone has been dethroned and a new

king appears. Not only has a new

king emerged in the campaign, but

SOUTH LOS ANGELES Double Citation Winner two aspirants to the crown waged a

President John M. titanic struggle right up to the last Iversen; Y.M.M.I.A. Superintendent Owen B. minute.

Robinson; Y.W.M.I.A.

President Hortense South Carolina Stake, one of the Steed.

newest in the Church, will be crowned as leader of all the Church

PHOENIX STAKE in percent of quota at the forthDouble Citation

President Delbert Winner coming June conference. With a

Leon Stapley; Y. M. total of 639 percent of its quota, M.I.A. Superintendent

Y. Dow Oustland; W. this baby stake outdistanced all M.I.A. President Edna

K. Larson; Y.M.M.I.A. L. L. competitors and set a new record Director "Era"

Driggs; Y. W. M. I. A. for the proportion of subscribers to

Mack. "Era"Director Cora quota. South Carolina finished in

fifth place in total subscriptions,

CHICAGO STAKE with 933.

President John K. Edmunds; Y.M.M.I.A. SuExpected by many to be the winperintendent Wayne C.

Durham; Y.W.M.I.A. Turner; THE IMPROVEMENT ERA President Reeta

Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"Director James E. Bradley.

IDAHO FALLS STAKE President William Grant Ovard; Y. M.

M.I.A. Superintendent

Paul Ahlstrom; Y.W.M.

I.A. President Blanche

Wood; Y. W. M. I. A. S)ouh Laroilna,

"Era"director, Mrs.

Robert Egbert.

S>outn <=>Lo5 Arnaelei INGLEWOOD STAKE

Double Citation Winner President Alfred E.

Rohner; Y.M.M.LA. Superintendent Ervin J. r forth Central States

Dimter; Y. W. M. I. A.

President Marian V.

Peterson; Y.M.M.I.A.

"Era"Director E. J. and Soutnern States Sorensen; Assistant

"Era"Director Charles DuBois. are

SNOWFLAKE STAKE President David A.

Butler; Y.M.M.I.A. Superintendent William CHURCH LEADERS

Clark Gardner; Y. W.

M. /. A. President Lenora P. Hansen; Y.M.

M.I.A. "Era"Director

Virgil Flake (no photo South Carolina Stake was also a available); Y.W.M.I.A.

"Era"Director Winona double citation winner, being first in

Brookbank. percent of quota and fifth in total

subscriptions.

JUAREZ STAKE President Claudius Bowman; M. I. A. Long Beach Stake, traditionally Y. M.

Superintendent, Dr.

LeRoy Hatch; Y. W.E. among the leaders of the Church

M. I. Ella A. President and one of the perennial chal-

R. Farnsworth; Y. W.

M. I. A. "Era"Director lengers, emerged with double citaRita S. Johnson.

tion in total subhonors—second BIGHORN STAKE scriptions in with 1,259, sixth and President Frank H.

Brown; Su- Y.M.M.I.A.

perintendent Ralph H. percent of quota with 273 percent.

Stahle; Y. W. M. I. A. Other double citation winners inPresident Fern Taggart;

Y.M.M.LA. "Era"Dicluded Phoenix Stake, just behind

Baird; rector Wallace

Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"Di- {Continued on page 376) rector, Mrs. Bertha

Baird.

BLACKFOOT STAKE

President Joseph E.

ner of the campaign, Florida Stake, available);Williams (noY.M.M.I.A.photo

which early announced its goal as Packham;SuperintendentY.W.M.I.A.Orson

500 percent of its quota, a mark president, Mrs. Annis

never before reached by any stake, Call;DirectorY.M.M.I.A.Tom Hemming;"Era"

notwithstanding a new alltime rec- Y.W.M.I.A.rector Mary "Era"Hemming.Diord which stood for only a few

days had to be content with second MT. OGDEN STAKE

place to its neighborrival South Paul;PresidentY.M.M.I.A.Earl Su-S.

Carolina. But to Florida goes the McCune;perintendent Y.W.M.I.A.Ross H.

distinction and credit of having been Eccles.President Cleone R.

the first stake in the Church to reach 500 percent of its quota. In total

subscriptions Florida was in eightWEST POCATELLO eenth place with 648 subscriptions. STAKEPresident Twayne

Even though South Los Angeles Austin;perintendentY.M.M.I.A.Alex Su-J.

Stake was dethroned in percent of PresidentTubbs, Jr.;EmiliaY.W.M.I.A.Dunn;

quota, it emerged the victor by a very rectorY.M.M.I.A.Ralph"Era"Robbins;Diwide margin in total subscriptions. Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"DiWith a total of 1,686 subscriptions, rector Jennie Robbins.

South Los Angeles Stake for the first time in several years was the EMIGRATIONPresident GeorgeSTAKE A.

highest unit of the Church, leading Christensen;SuperintendentY.M.M.I.A.J. Verne

all the missions in total subscriptions PresidentTaylor; Y.MatildaW. M. I.Ger-A.

as well as all the stakes. In addition rard; Y.M.M.I.A. "Era"

South Los Angeles Stake emerged DirectorY.W.M.I.A.Reuel"Era"J. Alder;Dias a double citation winner, being son.rector Vida Fox Clawfirst in total subscriptions and third

in percent of quota with 371 perBENPresidentLOMOND STAKEWilliam cent. ArthurM.I.A. Budge;SuperintendentY.M.

JUNE 1948 EarlM.I.A.J. PresidentRhees; AddisY. W.

Thomas; Y. M. M. I. A.

"Era"Director Robert R. Hull (no photo available).

NORTH CENTRAL

STATES MISSION President William L.

Killpack; Harold S.

M.I.A. Coleman, superthe citation list, making a total of

counselor visor, second Normain missionJ. Critchfield,presidency; ten stakes winning citations in each

"Era"director. Melvin class or group.

J. Hodgkinson, first

counselor and "Era"director.

Missions Make Great Record

CENTRAL PACIFIC

MISSION President Melvin A. Mission honors were shared in

Grant Weenig; E. Colthe Golden Jubilee Campaign with

supervisor; lard, M.I.A.

Stella Takaki, "Era"North Central States placing first director. in percent of quota at 365 percent and Southern States leading the list in total subscriptions with 1,439.

WESTERN CANADIAN The forming of two new stakes

MISSION President Glen G. out of the Southern States Mission

Fisher; Bud H. Hincknaturally reduced its performance

director; ley, "Era"

Dorothy Gardner, "Era"of other years, but notwithstanddirector. ing this the big mission in the

South led all other missions by a substantial margin.

EASTERN STATES There were no double citation

MISSION President Roy W. winners in the missions for the first

Douglas Doxey; H. time in years. In the Golden Jubidirector Parker, "Era"

second counselor; and lee Campaign honors were divided

Stanford, Katharine "Era"director. andtions—foureight missionsfor highestwill receivepercentcitaof

:J quota and four for highest total subscriptions.

of citations in the misWinners Caro942; 5—South 4—Inglewood,

are as follows: sionsEra Golden Jubilee Campaign lina, 913; 7—Black933; 6—Pocatello,

{Continued from page 375) foot, 845; 8—Mt. Ogden, 795; 9—West Pocatello, 764; 10—Emigration,

the Church leaders, being third in 758; 11—Ben Lomond, 747. Percent of Quota

total subscriptions with 957 and

States, Central 1—North 365%;fourth in percent of quota with 336 catein each Ten stakes Note: Pacific, 361%,; 3—West- 2—Central

percent. winners. citation are declared gory ern Canadian, 325%; 4—Eastern

Inglewood Stake for many years Where one stake wins double citaStates, 311%.

past a consistent citation winner, tions, other stakes are moved into {Continued on page 401 won double honors again, finishing fourth in total subscriptions with 942 and twelfth in percent of quota with 21 1 percent. SOUTHERN STATES

MISSION Albert President Pocatello Stake won double honChoules; Heber Meeks,

ors, finishing sixth in total subscripformer president; Ivy

tions with 913 and tenth in percent MaeM.I.A. Wagstaff,supervisor;formerLaof quota with 219 percent. M.I.A.Rue Hadlock,supervisor.present

The complete list of stakes winning citations is as follows:

Percent of Quota MISSIONTEXASLOUISIANA

D. Smith; Dorset Ansuper- 1—South Carolina, 639%; 2—Florderson,President Glenn G. M.I.A.

visor and "Era"direcida, 510%; 3—South Los Angeles, tor.

371%; 4—Phoenix, 336%; 5—Chicago, 305%; 6—Long Beach, 273%;

7—Mesa, 239%; 8—Union, 233%;

9—Maricopa, 221%; 10—Pocatello,

219%; 11—Idaho Falls, 212%; 12—

NORTHERN STATESInglewood, 211%; 13—Snowflake, MISSION

210%; 14—Juarez, 205%; 15—Big Haymond;PresidentVelmaW. Bates,Creed

Horn, 201%. "Era"director.

Total Subscriptions

1—South Los Angeles, 1,686; 2

Long Beach, 1,259; 3—Phoenix, 957; NORTHWESTERN

376 STATESPresidentMISSIONJoel Richards; Theda Barrett,

"Era"director.

...AND SO THE Movies!

TT7e of the Presiding Bishopric are vitally concerned over the kind 2nd ASSISTANT GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT '* of recreation given for the youth of our wards. Where the wards

DESERET SUNDAY SCHOOL UNION havethat willpictureraiseshows,the culturalwe aretoneespeciallyof the eagerrecreationthat theyof thehavewardgoodmembers.shows

To that end we are glad to cooperate in every possible manner.

jjTkiCTURE power is greater than The Presiding Bishopric

H. said Arthur power,"m* atomic

great Motley. ("Red") 1 The 1

popularity of the national pictorial illustrated liberally ofmagazines, films. suitable recordings. This equipment and and Already organsome attests pictures of motionbooks, and is at council earnestly screening izations the of explored work Church have conand of picturesthe great potency field recthis pictures films and recordings found 1 6 mm. entertainment and and

interexperience andfirms everyone's those considfurther- in to useful ommending promise to the wards which be est in them. suitable for their ered of and teaching ward ance wholesome programs.

millions were the war, During is recreational council programs. The

military for production andtrained war into teams. several divided Each work de- r\ESERET Film a Productions, orpictures, of the use throughduties for night have teams been weeks many the of partment Deseret Book equipped wellprepared and inganized films the at previewing meeting and has to been commissioned Company, instruction. visual ofprograms the of picture auditorium motion pictures of 16 motion make sound mm. this States the UnitedThroughout at In1400 Deseret Company Book several subjects of interChurchwide great given job training hasmarvelous City. in Salt diana Avenue Lake The est. Saints the Trod,""Where Have audioapplication of the toimpetus to council as the of recommendations in fourreel a record color sound and edugeneral to teaching tools ofvisual films obtained from be approved may picture President of Albert George Schools, learning. all levels of atcation as as well the Deseret Company, Book Smith's trek the 1946 pioneer over reapindustries are nowchurches, and for films purposes. teaching trail, first the these of productions. was phenomenal the benefits froming the

wartime development of the 16 mm. The great accumulation of work for "A Tribute to Faith,"the motion picconcentration the council required ture in has story color of the and sound industry. picturemotion

pictures. entertainment motion Is building the of the upon Place""This Authorithe General years For many free to council first hopes to be soon the monument, breaking from of The keenly been haveties the of Church

field larger of of exploration begin the the stage ground through of every audivisual effective in andinterested strips, film pictures, educational motion construction, including clearing the of story the presenting ofble methods the Latterday Saints to the world. As ground, quarrying and preparing the

placing plaques the bronze and in the granite, a leader has beenthe Church the dediconcluding figures and with teleof recently radio and moreuse of vision in communicating its message to catory services on July 24, 1947, is now picture of "... this issue in the forefront so world,the now it is WITH

at to an Camp comes Movies"Andend—notSo the theavailable.CentennialA onereelBoy motionScout pictures for ward motion use ofof the

recreational and educational programs. that there is an end to movies or Fort Douglas in Salt Lake City is

continuous couldn't a be there ready. some misand 350 wards than More point view only thai a of thatseries—but Also commissioned for picproduction motion portable 16 mm.sions have aired, has and been you may Deseret have by Films is a picture projectors, motion Howell) (Bell andture critito think stimulated been more

which are being utilized to provide cally about movies. This series was of Temple Square in Salt Lake City.

recreational programs in furtherance of made especially enjoyable since so This picture in sound and color will ward budget arrangements. Many of many alert readers have sent in chalinclude the story of the historic monuthese also have record players which lenging letters and comments conments and buildings, the Tabernacle

articles to the cerning or telephoned choir, organ and r.p.m. which hundreds and will draw 78 at andoperate 33H let that or disyou agreed us know of visitors thousands to of and dramatizations, Temple music,reproduce agreed. or matter agreement The of Square every year. regular commerrecorded onaddresses disagreement little matter, was of

cial phonograph records or on radio but the [act that you readers were Deseret Films has recently recovered electrical transcriptions. Dance music, concerned enough to write mattered and produced in 16 mm. sound film an

recorded by dance bands on records or & very great deal, and stimulated us old 35 mm. silent motion picture of the

on the sound track of 16 mm. films, can to try to do better. General Authorities of the Church of

be reproduced by this equipment for In many of the letters there was twentyfive years ago. This will be rethe recurrent one entertainment of theme—that other and dances leased for inward the soon showing wards

it is pracsince movies. a ward And titleprograms. the under "Latterday Saint Leadcall situation, tical a on was made films field entertainment of vast The Present."and Production has ers—Past the Richards Bishop of LeGrand full length including recordings,and started series of intimate pictures a on Presiding Bishopric, most was who all phonofeatures, and picturemotion of the of present each and messages willing his to take time busy from

graph records, is so great that many days to explain the situation. General Authorities of the Church.

beunderstandably easily andpeople A. to made to In addition was pictures a plea motion Then many

in it to the exclusioncome absorbed the Deseret Book Reiser of of Hamer film strips excellent or are available educational mafield of let greater thethe what to you know Company in are production. project new A

like Richards Bishop he scoreterials. is—and to available promises make sound request. the to acceded gladly He historically of significant recordings

list interesting the also gives apof a Presidency First the"Decently events of possibly and pasfamous will available that be films Church to council film reviewing a pointed the sages of from the Book Mormon, in programs. use ward for Deseret of the directors theadvise Covenants, Doctrine and of Pearl and your ward on hope we now From of performance in the CompanyBook first is Price. these of Great The an will improved. movies be much with the Church serving ofits function impressive of reading Smith "Joseph C. J.—M.

address publications, in an of Parade President Tells His Own Story."Already beauof Visual Association of the National membersbefore

Education Dealers in Chicago, August 1947. (Concluded on page 394)

JUNE 1948 377 '''"i - MULEK /# $jcUtahwikL By J. N. WASHBURN

SYNOPSIS From the easygoing, contented youth he had been, he was transhis the loved Xarahemla, city ofMulek into formed a forceful, driving man. factions forefathers, were where two

striving for power, one ruled by AmaThroughout it all he did not once lickiah, a man of tremendous powers and notice that nobody but Pachus ever caused winning manners, a had who rupture spoke of his becoming the king. other the Moroni, in the country, by and

young chief captain of the armies of the NeOthers talked of a decision as to phites who went everywhere, encouraging, the form of government to be preinstructing, pleading with the people to unite in the country's to ferred, discussing the matter freely defense. Accustomed

receiving the adulation of the people, Mulek and openly.

at his with fall jealousywas consumed from One day, after much time spent in favor. to call to In order attention himself

he had mocked the priests of the church and conferences and study, a group of allied himself with Amalickiah. Then to win influential citizens sent a delegation

their adulation he decided to support Moto Pahoran with a memorandum.roni's the projects. Mulek was eager to win

favor of the girl, Zora/z, niece of AmGovernor Pahoran received the ram. a boatmaker. He devised ways of group ceremoniously, if stiffly, for

her,meeting but Zora/z too intent was on he was worried, knowing full well politicalthe unrest interested in him, to be and was lavish in her praise of Moroni, the reason for the visit.

which added to Mulek's envy. Was he "What is it that you would have

never to be inferiorfree of this sense of his it ity? But determined he to win at my hands?"he inquired. "Is in some way

Zorah's approval. While in this mood he something pertaining to the welfare

was approached by Pachus with the subtle of the nation"suggestion that he, Mulek, should be made "Most noble Pahoran,"the king.

spokesman said, "we represent a large body of citizens who have preChapter VI pared a schedule which we respectfully submit for your consideration.

is not difficult to follow, imperWe urge, most learned judge, that

IT ceptible though the changes you give it your immediate attenwere, the progress of the course tion."

by which Mulek permitted himself Pahoran took the scroll and gave to be convinced that he was destined his promise that the petition would to restore the kingship to the Nereceive his earnest and prompt conphites, to bring again, and for good, sideration.

Jaw and order to a people fretting No sooner had his visitors gone;under incompetent government. The than Pahoran put aside all other

'process was long, and the reasoning matters that he might devote him-: subtle, but the end was certain. self to the perusal of the weighty

document. He was a young man to "Were I to consult my own deZorah was tolerant, at times even

be confronted with so formidable a sires in this thing which you have friendly toward him. Never had he

business. He had a regular, intelasked of me, I should gladly step known such exquisite torture of

lectual face, a brow of depth and aside, for I have found that he who happiness. He dared not go too

flexibility, a chin that signified to stands out from the people stands often to her home, and he could any discerning person that he would alone, save God be with him. His hardly stay away.

not be easily imposed upon. He time is not his own; his dearest moOne thing more than all else had

was an honest man, and godly, havtives are questioned; his life is puboccupied his thoughts, and to that

ing no desires but for the welfare lic property. all other thoughts were related. If

of his country. "But in this matter I have no he could receive the appointment to

He opened the record he had rechoice. I did not appoint myself to which he was entitled, the office of

ceived and read it with a sinking this thankless task. If it is your king, he would ask Zorah to be his

heart. Here was a matter that might pleasure that I resign in order that wife, his queen. Then let Moroni

easily lead to serious trouble for his another, of himself, or at the behest look to his honors! Day and night

cherished country. It set forth with of a small group, assume my duties, he was obsessed with this dream.

reserve yet with perfect clarity and to this I cannot accede. He would tell Zorah of his plans

seemingly unerring logic the facts "I am here by mandate of the as soon as it became practicable.

which Pachus had rehearsed to people, whose will is sovereign, and Meanwhile he burned up his enMulek, and a great deal more to the only they can justly request my reergies in impatience. To have this

same purpose. One point in parmoval. The people are supreme in a bright prospect shattered was alticular was driven home convincinggovernment such as ours, as you most more than he was able to enyourselves have so pertinently obdure.

"We direct your notice to this served. I humbly submit my case to

fact: namely, that most of the politthem and suggest that you do likeTf the matter of the change in the

ical troubles of this nation have wise. government had been discussed

arisen from discontent over the gov- "Pahoran, Governor and Judge."freely before, it was now broadcast

ernment of the judges. While the throughout the country, and such a

kings yet directed our affairs, there ''"There was some gloom in the commotion as it stirred up had selwas little difficulty in national mangathering to which this letter dom been known. It was discussed

agement. That which one generawas brought and read. The memeagerly, gaily, soberly, despairingtion, for conditions peculiar to it, bers broke out into confused ly, flippantly, according to the temmay deem expedient, the next may wrangling. Some had confidently pers of those who talked, but it was

not approve, once affairs have reexpected that Pahoran would leave discussed.

sumed their normal posture. of his own free will and that they Little time was needed to con-

"It would seem to be fundamental could easily put another into his vince everyone that there was but to any system of good government place without too much public fuss. (Concluded on page 380)

that the governorthat it be responsive to the will of A few maintained was absolutely sound in his statethe people."The petition urged that ment of the case. Others began at

the chief executive voluntarily reonce to clamor for a decision by thetire from office in order that another vote of the people in compliance might be chosen to direct the nawith Pahoran's expressed demand.

tion's affairs. It was, all in all, a

abusive.blunt, fair, and challenging pro- A handful became

posal. The blow to Mulek's hopes and

After he had studied it, the govpride was almost a mortal one. He

had built the structure of hisernor shut himself in and gave his dreams, not on the secure foundathoughts to study and devotion. tion of reason and probability, butThere was none to whom he could upon the sands of desire, shifting

turn but God. no human He had sands at that. By degrees he hadcounselors and at hand. Moroni

come to look upon himself as pracHelaman were busy with national affairs. Alma and his own father tically enthroned, so insidious had

that lessons the were hamall been of the gone hadNephihah way into ears. his eager mered

in sorerthe earth. ever a man Was

straits? Zorah had returned to Zarahemla,

and he had seen her frequently. All that day, and most of the

Each time her reserve had seemednight, in the kindly atmosphere of to lose something of its earlier his home, he grappled with his worstrength. Each time she appeared

ry. For a short time in the early new and different even while she remorning he slept. Next day he remained eternally and unchangeably

turned to his public office a calm feminine. To Mulek she was womman. It did not take long for him anhood personified. He came alto word the message he sent to the most to worship her and grew

embassy. thoughtful toward all women.

JUNE 1948 379

MUIEK OF ZARAHEMLA

(Concluded from page 379) faces, but now those frowned who TThe blow to Mulek's pride and the out of one way before smiled, difficulty—to had they and comloss election of the hopes—the election. a general have The offiplained exulted. previously had who first devastating. he was At—was cials set promptly about appointing from of one went the end And it stunned pale and unbelieving, and

a day for the balloting. Meetings land to the other throughout the inarticulate, like a numb body. Only

were held everywhere; the whole night. by degrees did feeling and complete land was in a perfect tempest of comprehension come back to him,

excitement. '"Phat evening Mulek walked home first the realization of emptiness in

last the night before the elecOn his full heart, Zorah. with then again the of Mulek awareness was

tion, public great a meeting was confident his his to position to enough have with blood regard new in held the in Zarahemla. park Men racing. to nearness the the Zorah. very His point That at which was

were assigned to present final argugirl seemed to set him on fire. he was most grievously affected.

ments for both sides in the con- "But could we make such a After a brief period of inaction and troversy. change without war?"she asked. dullness he passed into a mood in

of the An exponent democratic "Was there war when the kings which he was as he had never been principle powerfully spoke long and were done away with?"He was before, hot with a fierce anger, an on the virtues of the existing organeager to get her views on the subunreasoning upheavel of spirit.

ization. settled the seemingly He ject kingship, of the to her sound rejected him! His people had hismatter read the he from when the projmagnificent out regarding for his of Pachus, purposes own, the of that tory Mosiah words who in his ect did but mind, he not know fires fuel piled his the of on wrath in the the about brought change had

it. to about go how until idler the time obone became of government. form

quietly slowly walked and They "sessed. rejected him! people His had I that beyou, unto say 'Now freighted homeward. words The if he them make pay it He would is all just, are not cause not men not might spoken have each would that could. the Lavery hour At that king aexpedient should have ye

rise utterance. to only messages The their at manites, with Amalickiah to rule or kings over you.

were spoken by the stars, the trees, head, swarmed into the land! They 'For behold, how much iniquity the wind, and the darkness, and came in such numbers that they doth one wicked king cause to be

committed, yea, and what great dethese both understood. could not be estimated, much less

"He bade her good night at her counted. They spread over thestruction!'

There was shouting and mumdoor and turned away, his steps country like a spring flood from the borne as on wings. high mountains. Nothing eouldbling, cheering and grumbling at the

close of the forthright argument. The commotion and excitement stand against them, neither city,

There were smiles on many faces that came the next day were unarmy, nor fortification.

and dark frowns on others. paralleled. People flocked to the Whether the kingmen had foreThen the defender of the kings voting places. Strong, sober, indusknowledge of this dire invasion no

rose to speak. He too gave a forcetrious people they were in the main, one knew, but if they did not, it

ful address, and he too closed by mindful of their obligations to themcame at a most opportune time for reading from Mosiah, from the same selves and posterity. Whatever the them, a most unfortunate time for

proclamation, indeed. outcome, it would be a triumph for the people of the Nephites.

'Therefore, if it were possible peaceful processes. The government called upon all

that you could have just men to be All that day the balloting rooms eligible fighters to respond immediyour kings, who would establish the were thronged, and at night a naately for the defense of the fatherlaws of God, and judge this people tion returned to its homes, subdued land. The kingmen refused to heed

accordingly to his commandments, and content. When the votes were the call. This was almost a mortal

yea, if ye could have men for your counted, it was found that the freeblow to the nation. To a man, thoukings who would do even as my men were in the majority. The kingsands strong, they stubbornly, even

father Benjamin did for this people men were beaten, and Pahoran regloatingly, maintained their unwillgovernor and chief judge. ingness to help their country.—I say unto you, if this could almained

ways be the case it would be exTo most of the people, naturally, Pahoran was beside himself. He

pedient that ye should always have the victory of the freemen at the sent at once a message to Moroni, kings to rule over you.'balloting was welcome. They retelling him of the new and unWere there not righteous men joiced that the government was still precedented threat to the country.

among the Nephites? The speaker solid, the system still sound. They Moroni, preparing his defenses in

grew passionate. Did not the Nereturned to the business of defendBountiful, was incredulous.phites still have good men who could ing the country and supposed things

rule in righteousness? Were all the to have resumed their accustomed He wrote to the governor asking

honorable and wise men dead and in state. This, however, was far from for permission to march his army

their graves? Were the sons worse the case, though not many knew it. into the capital to bring the rebels

than their fathers? Had there ever The kingmen, in extreme bitterto time. Pahoran replied at once,

been a wicked king in the history of ness, began to meet secretly and to feverish with anxiety for the welZarahemla? On this note the dis< plan a course of their own, a course fare of his people, bidding the capcussion ended, t that was wholly selfish and treasontain rush.

Again there were cheers and long able. ( To be continued

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, ir * uu RE By RICHARD L. EVANS

5> ing ill becomes anyone. We may constant whirl. There are others

v cJLlttle cLeamivia know some of the answers; we may who rebel against the madness of

rush that is often quite t has often been observed that a think we know many more; but there this rush—a

I little learning is a dangerous is still so much that no man knows, apart from arriving at any particular against rebelling in all together destination. that of us do so And

is if learning dan- a little thing. But extreme it the to for go sometimes which not we much we muchknow—so is little ignorance a surelygerous,

like everfaith. in that thinking of forth would venture "He we must think also. thendangerous And fortunateis that, thee, repose. lasting man, But what hath shewed O of a the danger great be musthow inherit, shall is rely, the the heaven Lord not doth what good; we and

If want somelot ignorance? of we

if it did. justly, to thee, of but we want and quire should nor do we

little of what of knowidea we how to repose would enforced humbly walk mercy, love and to Endless and to with begin is tothere know, we din the as trying likely as thy with become God?"1 library large into a look onlyneed—April 4, 1948. belives. Somewhere of our own shelves endless the almost seeand

is to be extremes iMicah 6:8 these two tween

life will this in thatof no man books to reason have that which found we someto read. timeever have We life that provides for

all the thattimes marvel who hope for—a men

refreshment of mind, for refreshlived, time or reason ever foundever of ment of spirit, for enjoyment of famLibrary In the them. to write

ily think, to friends, for time and milare there about nineCongress ad r\udk to time for to then time work—and to pamphlets.lion and books Add in the confusion with long, Cometimes but too pause, not somewhat in written other works all thethese

which we live, we find ourselves free from the always breathless all the other libraries of the world;

add to these all the written works longing for quiet places. The inhaste, somewhat free from the everthat have been lost or destroyed in tensity of everything we do leaves present pressure. No, we do not

us breathless look for from day, and a reday to heaven of unbroken to have beginall ages we past—and useless, one pose, from indolent emerged not repose, we have little before idea inkling of an howsome

ourselves whirlwind, that repose, only a little in the but we find we may have of all men what knowwe acceleration clearly, that midst of another. think at The be we may have they thought or haveknown,

known. But this isn't all: Add to of all things leaves us little time to peace, that we may rest briefly, and

this all there is to learn that isn't pause, to linger, to think. For some then have greater zest for work yet

to be found in books; add to this a these things are so because they to be done, which there will always

list of all the questions that no man would have them so. Some there are be, worlds witheut end. Said the

who remind us of Hamlet in his Savior of men to those who werecan answer, all the things that no "... of death, because to die was dread with him: ye yourselves Come to begin do, and we mayman can

to sleep, to sleep to into place, apart was perhaps a desert and rest inadeof our idea small some 3have feel sometimes thatquacy. "Man,"remarked Mondream, and he was afraid of his a while."We

like to respond to that intaigne, "is certainly stark mad; he dreams. There are those who have we should

get out of the rushingcannot make a worm, and yet he this same fear of thinking, who are vitation—to

will be making gods by the dozens."reluctant to slow down the pace of stream just long enough to catch our

their lives, to pause would because then, breath, gladly and would we But at the man. mind of marvelWe to think to think, would mean set long as again so mean work to, and marvel should we much morehow

at the mind that made man, and to face reality, and reality might not life shall last here, and in that place that made so many things beyond be so pleasant as the opiate of a to which we shall be called home, man's comprehension. We are but hereafter.—April 11, 1948.

the merest children scratching at the surface of truths so profound, so illimitable, so beyond our present (Concluded on page 382) understanding that conceit of learnCopyriqht, 1948

H EARDwideFROMradioTHEnetwork"CROSSROADSthroughOF THEkslWEST"and theWITH columbiaTHE SALT LAKEbroadcastingTABERNACLEsystemChOIReveryAND sundayORGAN OVERat 11:30A NATION-a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

JUNE 1948 381

THE SPOKEN WORD The Editor's Page (Concluded from page 381) are people who do perjure them- (Concluded from page 361 selves. But does that give license to our children that honesty even in

<JJoina What \Jther6 <JJo us to lie? Before we do what others minor things is important.

"T-Je who imitates an evil example do, good or bad, we must remember If any of us in the past have generally goes beyond it; he that there are many in jails and in ignored the kind and loving advice

who imitates a good example generall manner of trouble, often merely of our Heavenly Father with referally falls short of it."1 These words because they have done what others ence to these things that so many

from a sixteenth century philosopher have done, without due discriminathink are not important, let us resuggest some further observations. tion. Of course, often people who pent of our sins, and ask forgiveness

One of the most common excuses pretend to be influenced by the acfor our weaknesses. Then let us

that we make for ourselves when we tions of others actually aren't inturn to him and obey his wise counwant to do something we shouldn't fluenced so much as they pretend to sels; thereby enriching our lives and

right the earning to the companionfor be. looking merely be They may that doing others aredo is it. We Spirit. his ship of Holy justification to for they what want We will sensitive of exampleare to the very

others, especially when we want to do. And they may think they find then radiate an influence among all

be. This is true from our earliest their justification simply in saying men for the good and blessing of all

years. Indeed, almost the first rethat others are doing as bad or our Father's children.

shouldn't they? Such Our ministry is one of love. Ifsponse we receive from a child worse—why

whose conduct is being questioned reasoning may explain why they did we are living as God intends that if we are ministeringis to point to someone else and say: what they did, but it doesn't change we should live,

"He did it first."And by some unthe nature of what they did. Multias he desires that we should minexplained logic, this is supposed to plying a fallacy doesn't make it less ister, every day of our lives is enmake wrong right. But if we have false. If everyone had always done riched by the influence of his Spirit,

any idea that it is all right to do only what everyone else had always our love of our fellow men increases what other people do just because done, there would never have been and our souls are enlarged until we if everyone had feel that we could take into our armsother people are doing it, let's look any progress. And

for a moment where this false always imitated the worst example, all of God's children, with a desire philosophy could lead us: Suppose we would never have known any of to bless them and bring them to an

truth. of understanding the that finer things the life worth make point to a million could men whowe

is Father's This our work. He living. other pointing to what And stolen is a money.had A million the it to for gave the salvaworld into doesn't people change do wrong justify that lot of But men. would

us in theft? Suppose we could point right. tion of the human family. He has

to a million men who'had perjured—April 18, 1948. counseled and advised us in loving

let let tenderness. us be wise; Nowthemselves. Unquestionably, there xFrancesco Guicciardini: Historia d'ltalia. 1564 Let us us be consistent. put our own

house in order. And then by the

power that will come to us as a costly, once things are known. And result of our faithfulness and delet us carry of the message

salvation the chilJrial and (L>rwoe whatalso trueis trueof lifeof andinanimatepeople thingsand huis votion,life and among

Qne of the methods of determining man happiness. Sometimes we hear dren of men with greater power,

the truth or falsity of any theory those who justify unconventional with greater strength, with greater is by "trial and error"—which is to conduct and foolish ways of living determination than we have ever

say, if you want to prove something, on the ground that one has to exdone before, to the honor and glory try it, put it to the test. If it works, periment in order to know what life of God and the blessing of his chilit is true; if it doesn't, it is false. In is like. But such experimenting with dren, and to our own salvation and

the physical world such experimenlife is like indiscriminately setting the salvation of those we love.

tation has led to many great factual off dynamite just to see what it will discoveries. But every man cannot do. There are books that will tell

alwayserror—norproveis allit necessary.things by trialFor andexwillus whattell us;suchscripturethings willwill telldo; us;historyand learngreat everythingteacher, butbyit personalis too costlyexperito

ample, a long time ago we learned the broken lives of foolish experience. It is part of our heritage that

that if we explode a bomb near peomenters, both living and dead, will some things we already know before ple and property, injury and detell us. Some things we must learn we make the mistake of tampering

struction and even death follow. by firsthand experience, it is true. with them. And even if it were posThis, having been demonstrated, beBut the principles and practices that sible for each of us individually to

comes an accepted fact. The experimake for human happiness and unprove or disprove all things by trial

ment is conclusive, and it isn't neceshappiness have long been known and error, he who undertook to do sary for millions of us to run around and when the laws of men and of so would find himself, both here and with high explosives just to see what God and all the experience of all hereafter, far behind those who acthey will do. In other words, the the ages have proved these things, cept what is known, and proceed

method of trial and error is a useful those who persist in trial and error from there to the unknown.

way of prying into the unknown, are as foolish as the meddler with—April 25, 1948.

but it is pointless and foolish and high explosives. Experience is a Revised

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The balance of proof in this book is that marriages that involve different religious faiths should not be entered into, the children for would not only who jMiriHi "JX G*AzX4*i& the union, from but also result the from participants themselves.—M. C. /.

BRIEF STUDIES OF THE LIFE RISE OF THE upon every "drink THE A. W. TIMES OF LEHIAND problem."—/.touches intelligently EMPIRE SPANISHAMERICAN

Shop, (Karl Liahona Eidman. Book Macmillan Madariaga. ( Salvador de IN RELIGION THE St. pages. Paul, Minn. 1947.) 40 1947. York. Co., New TWENTIETH CENTURY of the the language Egyp- "\17hy was pages. $5.00.) 408 (Edited by Vergilius Ferm. The in tians the record used from

is better qualified tc> which the Book of Mormon was transPhilosophical Library, Inc., New "Probably no one

lated? In seeking the answer, much York. 445 pages. $5.00.) write on this subject than Dr. de;,

light was thrown upon the life and Teligion in the Twentieth Century is Madariaga, a distinguished statesman former ambassador to the United a compilation of papers on the and concludes times of Lehi. The author

States France. 'Since and to the rise of historic living religions important acquainted with more that Lehi became

Egypt because he lived there for some which have come down from a long Franco, he has lived in England where time after the fall of the kingdom of past, together with those younger in he has devoted himself largely to writIsrael; later, after settling in Jerusalem, age which are thriving healthfully m ing and has contributed greatly to the.

he made visits to Egypt to sell his our day, and an appraisal of these reliknowledge of Christopher Columbus wares and to see his relatives. The gions in terms of our times. and Hernan Cortez through his scholauthor estimates the ages of Lehi, Its various sections were written by arly biographies of these great men.

a; Sariah, and their sons when they left twentyeight wellknown authorities, in The prologue of this book is

Jerusalem. The brochure is unusually most cases, actual representatives of masterpiece and should be read by all

well done from the point of view of their respective religious faiths. folk. It will prove thoughtprovoking

satisfying, help and and should point It includes both Christian and nonaccurate of to a more religions, the way way scholarship.—/. A W. Christian both ancient and

writing history. author writes The in tradito the addition modern, and FOR MEDICINE MODERNS with too, imagination, thus it and throws religions, tional includes Chris- "such

Slaughter, Julian (Frank G. M.D. library literaof a tian religious as ideologies lay claim information—and Inc. pages. 246 Meissner, $3.50.) this one book. revelations, special divine He stresses the to Latture—into

, is for written the nonthe story rTTHiS the culture which Spain to the brought Saints, Science, Christian terday professional man, of the new adSwedenborgianism, and the... Quaknew world. He emphasizes also that

vance in medicine called psychosomatic disease be caused may Indians industries. medicine—that ers."economically the Spaniards encouraged to develop new of Jesus the chapter Church on the The

emotional or cured by mental and he concludes that the parts of the And written Saints of disChrist Latterday was turbances or placidity. The more comby Dr. LeRoy Eugene Cowles, presiNew World governed by Spain were

mon diseases of lungs, stomach, colon, dent emeritus of the University of much better managed than those parts heart, kidneys, and others, are said to Utah. governed by other countries. M, C. J.

be measurably dependent upon the The bibliography on the Church of tensions the patient. emotional of Wor-

, Saints of Christ Latterday IN T is NUTRITION HEALTH ry or emotional tension of some limited. kind veryJesus DISEASE AND after actually, time, a long enough may parts (Cooper, challenging Barber, of the Illusof the Mitchell. One and

physical physiological cause and trated. editor's preface. is the canbook One Company, J. B. Lippincott treatment of changes in the body. The stirred Philadelphia. being the it without not read on Tenth edition.

upset emotions (psychotherapy) to question of religion, whatever his faith 1947. 718 pages.)

suffering avoid long and needless opand whatever his conclusions. R. L. E. HThis book is a comprehensive study erations, consideration. is given

of the of; important most subject condition the the of mind and That THIS THIS AND MAN WOMAN nutrition in health disease,'human and affects the bodily welfare has emotions Brink. Associated (Frederick W. In part are one discussed the principles foroften long though known, been Press, 1948. York. New application of and diet; in normal part it life. in gotten daily appears Now pages. 79 $1.50.)

diet two, disease; in and three, part this that sysenlarged and knowledge, people requested have books TETANY selection food and preparation; in and tool tematized, valuable a become may that folk to given could be young four, part tabular material special and in doctor. quesof the the hands The It contemplating marriage. has been It tests. will be helpful found as a if is in tion the remains, good body regrettable that so have books few textbook and reference for stubook so, also? health, will the not be mind that available adequately treated been dents, nurses, dietitians, and home-—/. A W. this subject. This volume by Dr. Brink makers.

is really an exceptional book, and one Since "dietary surveys have indiSOME NOTES ON THE that will help satisfy a longfelt need. cated that onethird of our population

ALCOHOL PROBLEM One bit that recapitulates a careful, are eating diets below the optimum (Deets Pickett. The Board of Temthoughtful, and sincere discussion is level in one or more respects,"it beperance of the Methodist Church, 100 worthy of being printed: hooves everyone interested in human

Ave., N.E., Washington, Maryland this welfare to study important most is established a without marriage When pages.) 1947. 128 D.C. is this of haste than just physiand subject. Members based on Church, more howTn this conscienceless age of drunkencal attraction, when it is entered into with ever, and others, should know that tea,

intention establishing of the a and home alcohol the ness, any help against coffee, or chocolate should not be used all in its activity, including of then God however This book is welcome. demon those it by or ill. well who may be a relationship. passing than becomes more is doubly welcome, for it is one of the It becomes the lifelong engagement of a—L. D. W.

first produced for general use. It man and a woman to belong to each other. (Concluded on page 413)

JUNE 1948 383 "V

Preparing for the Future ourAscomfortindividualsonly,ourbutstandardour luxury.has become,Many ofnotusourareneed,not noryet

Jany leading economists say that a period of willingnot onlytoallbringof ourourselvessavings,underbut controlalso all andwe areto quitmaking,spendingand lean years ahead is by no means impossible. in addkion, running into debt on instalment buying.

Some think it is inevitable, for such has been the As to Church spending, for my own part, I should like to course of history. Remember the seven years of urge the people to cease building cathedrals for ward meetif as they stop furnishing them were and to famine which followed the seven fat years in the inghouses,

that First Presithe I should palaces. I think say to you,

Biblical account of Joseph in Egypt? Remember dency is not urging the building of these expensive, luxurious

the depression of fewer than twenty years ago? buildings; indeed, they consider that often the load placed

Between these two classic examples of hard times upon the people thereby is both unfair and unwise; they feel

were continuous cycles of "boom and burst."we could be much more moderate in many of our expendiNone of us want another depression, but tures. (The Improvement Era, Vol. 51, 270.)

judging from history, no one can be certain how At least three values will come from being espelong the present period of prosperity may last. cially frugal in these times of doubt and uncerWhat can we do to prepare for what may lie tainty:

ahead? Answers to this question have been re- 1. We will not run up against the danger of

peated to our people many times, over the years. losing all we have should inflation hit or should a

Here are some of them: depression come.

be able to save a part of our present 1. To get out of debt and live within our 2. We may

income. means. shall be aiding in the nationwide fight 3. We 2. To save what we can from our income.

inflation. against

at least one year's 3. To store supply of food, When we save money in times like these, we necessities. household clothing, and other

of scarce. that are the purchase goods offerings. postpone tithes 4. and pay our To for the scarce lessens comdemand Doing this plan. welfare the 5. To support

is is to It that helping that modities. demand

Joseph F. Smith, giving advice to the young drive prices up. It is the lessening of that demand

men of the Church in 1900, one year before he that will help to bring them back down.

became President, wrote: As President Joseph F. Smith said:

It is better to live simply, dress plainly, be sparing in is as individtest the tithing people of a which by law The replenish is if it to harmless, than indulgence, even every this fails to observe proved. uals shall be man who Any this rather debt. Let into going luxuries, for purse by your

is the indifferent to shall principle as a be man known who curtailing your desires, and your by lessening by done be the his as of neglects a duty Zion, of welfare member who is only one there that think to way come have needs. We

the accomplishment nothing does toward Church, and who greater if are expenses events, of your course the to change than the income. But there is another way to make ends of the temporal advancement of the kingdom of God. (Gospel

meet which does not seem to have been seriously or often Doctrine, page 226.)

curtail needs; desires, lessen expenses, It is to cut considered.

far President John Taylor had this to say: as to come, them compel penurious being and without

small though of one's income, desirable, within the line as tithing, that to our taught pay we might We have been 3, 624.) it Era, Volume be. (The Improvement are his people, that if he and that acknowledge we to God

President Heber J. Grant often spoke against gaveand byus thatall weact ask,acknowledgewe mighthisgivehand.onetenthDoes thebackLordto him,care

going into debt. On one occasion he observed: about these things?... No. He does not care about them,

If there is one thing that will bring peace and contentment so far as they benefit him, but he does, so far as they into the human heart, and into the family, it is to live within develop perfection in the saints of God, and show that they our means. And if there is any one thing that is grinding acknowledge his hand as the author and the giver of every

and discouraging and disheartening, it is to have debts and blessing they enjoy. (Journal of Discourses 11:164.)

obligations that one cannot meet. (Relief Society Magazine, Since pioneer days we have been taught to store

household goods against a time of need. During

Speaking in general conference in April 1938, the past few years added emphasis has been

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., warned of the burplaced upon this counsel. In addition, we are conden of interest, instalment buying and longtime stantly being reminded of the value of the welfare

debts. He said: program and the necessity of paying our tithing

... in my view no home is too good, no comfort too great, and fast offerings.

no luxury too rich for the very humblest family that can Should bad times come, the Latterday Saint afford them; but for the least essential comforts and for all family which is out of debt, has some secure savthe luxuries, let me urge you to pay as you go. (The Imings, has its storage room filled, and has aided in

provement Era, Vol. 41, 328.) providing for the wants of others through the

Again, in the general conference just past, PresChurch programs, will be better prepared than ident Clark observed: most to face the future.—D. L. G.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

do for us, were we in the spirit world, and they cxxw. 5 Work for the on earth. As this work is done and repeated,

the participators increase daily in love of others, <=JJead j-romote l/l/ona j-eace: become more unselfish in their daily walk and talk

among the living. They approach steadily the

Tt is significant that the earliest revelation to the likeness of God, which is the high objective of

Prophet Joseph, after the first vision, concerned the gospel.

itself with work for the dead. In the restoration Only such people can really prepare the world

of the gospel of peace, the proclamation of univerfor the coming of Jesus Christ. Only such peosal salvation was first emphasized! That could not ple can capture peace and return it to the peacehave been an accident. hungry earth. It is for people of high unselfishness

During the evening or night of September 21, that the world is waiting. Without them there

1823, Joseph Smith received a visitation from can be no peace.

Moroni, a resurrected ancient Nephite prophet. The Was not this the message of the Lord Jesus

visitor rehearsed the work to be done by the young Christ?

chosen prophet—-the need for the restoration of The world has always had its troubles. It

the gospel, and the means by which it would be was so in the days of Jesus. The Roman yoke

accomplished. In his discourse Moroni quoted was heavy, political and religious differences

several times from the Bible without any change divided the people; there was the bitter contrast

from the existing text, except in one case. The of poverty and wealth, of ignorance and learning.

fifth and sixth verses of the fourth chapter of Uprisings among the people gave governmental

Malachi were rendered with notable changes, agencies concern. Life was anything but peaceful

which now appear as Section 2, the earliest section and fully happy in the Holy Land in the days of in point of time, in the Doctrine and Covenants. the Savior on earth.

It reads as follows: How to solve these problems was the chief subject of discussion, whether in Jerusalem or in the

"Behold, I will reveal unto you the humblest Palestinian village, whether among the

Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah the common people or the rabbis.

prophet, before the coming of the great Such questions in their various ramifications and dreadful day of the Lord. were asked in simple sincerity by the followers of

"And he shall plant in the hearts of Jesus, but more often hurled at him in deceiving the children the promises made to the forms by his enemies. One day a clever but avowed

fathers, and the hearts of the children enemy put a question which he thought would shall turn to their fathers. silence the man who announced himself the Mes-

"If it were not so, the whole earth siah, and who was stirring up the people into would be utterly wasted at his coming."rebellion against established forms of living. In

This brief but remarkable revelation clearly forethe opinion of the questioner the answer could not shadows the work later authorized to be done be a simple one, and in its complexities would enfor the dead in the temples of the Lord. It desnare Jesus as in a net.

clares with unusual emphasis that unless this is "Master, which is the great commanddone the plan of the Lord will not be achieved ment in the law?"

"the whole earth will be utterly wasted"at the "Jesus said unto him, Thou shalt love all thy heart, and coming of the Savior. The importance of the the Lord thy God with

work could not be more strongly stated. with all thy soul and with all thy mind.

Aside from the service to the dead, and the "This is the first and great commandconsequent assistance in completing the plan of ment.

is like unto it, Thou the Lord for the human race, such work if sin- "And the second cerely done has a powerful effect upon the living shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.

who perform the work. Temple work for the "On these two commandments1 hang all

dead is incomparably unselfish. The persons for the law and the prophets."

whom work is done in the temples are often to the In its simple direct comprehensiveness, this was worker nothing more than names of people who a disarming answer.

lav/ that of love demanded Moses The men of ago. lived years hundreds perhaps may We

all their well might. with under- 2 That was God lives. their Yet, little or nothing about know

thought, means, and time are expended for them stood. But there was a challenge in the answer.

in doing work necessary for their salvation, but One must also love his neighbor as himself. That

which in the spirit world they cannot do for them- ( Concluded on page 400 selves. We do for them what we would have them iMatt.-Deuteronomy22:36406:5

JUNE 1948 385 children's magazine. Ownership of Josephine B. Nichols

Does He like to Read? both books and magazines results in

T)retty salads and desserts add zest By Ivma Dovey a specialListen interestto the ininformalthem. book reports that your child gives; and lisand beauty to your June meals.

read? child your does well interminable patiently. Mary's ten

responsibility theHowWhere said Squirrel tales Frisky of what to Tuna Filled Tomato Salad or school the for this lie—withdoes you, but bore Rabbit may Bunny

will do tomatoes school mediumsized the home? Thewith listen, and encourage the reading 6

1 flaked tuna, can 7-ounce is its big readingits part. Teaching habit. 1 celery diced cup

task, particularly in the first three Too many responsibilities have 12 teaspoon salt diced eggs, hard cooked 3grades. feel the school. shifted to You been pickles sweet cup chopped Yi Are you doing anything about is 1 juice overburdened, lemon you are. So tablespoon and

those threemonth periods every the school. But one thought of the Y2 cup salad dressing

that know yousummer? Do growing of a young person teachneeds in end turn blossom down Peel tomatoes; a month to spend classesers expect in six secthrough will lettuce cup; cut almost printconscious world up in this

in Chill. salt. review a tions. Combine with Sprinkle having six weeksor the to with share eager make you salt, eggs, onehalf teaspoon tuna, celery, with caught getting upreading, and child getting the of job the school juice. with Moisten lemon pickles, and

this of fall? Some in thethemselves in cups. tomato dressing. Serve salad fluently to read, and read to ready

is inevitable, but need it be so long happily from the flood of books and Garnish with parsley and olives.

a period, with so much backsliding? magazines now growing so rapidly.

Some parents encourage the libraHe will need guidance in choosing Salad Luncheon Plate

If you summer. the through habitry that, he has wisely, but before he leaveslettuce cupshaped three Arrange in the hour tried it, a half nothave leaf with for plate; and books fill one lettuce luncheon needs enthusiasm on

juvenile room of a library will conreading. potato salad; one with chicken salad, and

shredded cabthird lettuce cup with fill the———of four is not the age you thatvince dressing. tossed with French bage the fostering begin totoo young

are books Picture habit.book folFor a Gay Kitchen Potato Salad realistic tales and by fairylowed

stories to be read to the children. By Katherine Dissinger 2 cups potatoes diced

Soon they will be reading for them- a canister set out of empty 21 hardcookedtablespoon finelyeggs minced onion Imadeselves. pimento diced tablespoon First, 1 cans. shortening twopound dif- 1 the amazing parsley see tablespoon chopped could If you a lovely the cans I enameled dressing to moisten salad reading and from children inference

nonreading homes, you would be shade of aqua to contrast with my kitchen. white pink and Salad Chicken nonreading every advise toready wall- I of several yards bought a with to pose motherfather and chicken, 2 cubed cups cut to which from border paper just evening every 1 hour for celery, diced an cupbook were cutouts. These flower identical dressing mayonnaise cup If effect. the psychological its %for

lid Kettle cans. the almonds, chopped cup onto pasted Yi will he books, withchild grows up pickles, chopped 2 sweet lids, a to the attached were knobs becomtoward push strong ahave center the through nail driven being nuts, moisten celery, meat, and Combine reader. a gooding refrigerator in stand mayonnaise. Let with hole. lid to a of the make

VW"hat magazines come into your Then I wrote beneath the flower one hour before serving.

home? Are comics the only cutout what the can was to contain

Cocktail Saladthings your child sees on a news- -—raisins, rice, prunes, beans, sugar, Melon

stand? It may be that we can best etc., outlined the script in rose 1 large chilled cantaloupe

deal with the comics by letting them enamel with a small water color 16 watermelon balls come into the living room, but let us brush, and painted the lids to match. 16 cantaloupeginger dressingballs

give them a little competition by The cans were then given a coat of 1 cup sugar cups water shellac. for clear \y2 magazines to goodsubscribing

1 juice tablespoon lemon I also made a matching wastethat some grantingchildren. While tablespoons vinegar 2

features of the juvenile magazines basket from a large tin bucket, re- 1 teaspoon ginger in the tin breadbox decorated quality, my and highest the not ofare juice, vinegar, water, Boil sugar, lemon a motif, and made color and for same slanted are they thatgranting five strain minutes; together ginger and and

sale rather than being based on true pair of ornamental wall plaques by cool. Pour over melon balls and chill

in hours. onethird Cut cantaloupe from two smoothly cut the tops painting shares that a home worth,literary slices; slices peel. salad Place inch on pasting flowcans tin fruit and the large with reading forresponsibility balls, surplates. Fill center with melon

school will subscribe for at least one er cutouts in the center. round with mint leaves.

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Raspberry Ice Cream Pie

1 package raspberry flavored gelatin 1% cups hot water 1 tablespoon lemon juice 1 pint vanilla ice cream 1 cup fresh raspberries Dissolve gelatin in hot water, add lemon J JlilUS juice. Chill until partially set. Beat in ice

cream. Fold in berries. Turn into meringueshell. Chill until firm, about one hour. c—

Garnish with whole berries. irr mk I

Jj\J Meringue Shell

2 egg whites }/& teaspoon salt 34 teaspoon vanilla Y2 teaspoon vinegar 2/$ cup sugar

Combine egg whites, salt, vanilla, and vinegar; beat to a stiff foam. Add sugar

slowly; continue beating until very stiff and

sugar is dissolved. Spread in wellgreased

nineinch pie plate. Bake in slow oven

300 F. fortyfive minutes.

Lemon Frozen Cream In CaramelRice

Tarts y2 cup sugar 2 wellbeaten eggs Y2 cup light corn syrup 1 cup milk 1 cup top milk 34 cup lemon juice Gradually add sugar to eggs, beat until light and lemoncolored, add corn syrup, milk, top milk, lemon juice; mix thoroughly. Freeze until firm in refrigerator; turn

into chilled bowl; beat until fluffysmooth.

Return to tray. Freeze firm. Serve in

Caramel Rice Tarts.

Caramel Rice Tarts

34 cup margarine 1 cup brown sugar 3 cups crisp rice cereal

Melt margarine and sugar. Cook until

mixture bubbles, stirring constantly. Slowly pour mixture over rice—toss with fork

to coat thoroughly. Quickly press into

greased individual pie pans. Cool. Makes

six tarts.

Strawberry Meringue Roll %4 eggcup sugaryolks y2 % teaspooncup cup siftedvanillacake flour FelsNaptha Soap is made and sold 34 teaspoon salt 4 egg whites 34 teaspoon cream of tartar in just this one size.... millions

Beat egg yolks until thick and lemon

Stir in flour, sugar.colored; in beat salt, and

vanilla. until whites frothy, Beat egg add of women agree that this big

cream of tartar and continue beating until will inwhites peaks. stand Fold in egg yolk bar of mild, golden FelsNapthamixture. in greased ten onehalf Bake and

by fifteen inch pan, in moderate oven, 325

F. twentyfive minutes. Turn onto cloth;

trim cake edges. Roll quickly, Wrap in holds more cleaning energy than

cloth; cool on cake rack. Unroll; spread

with strawberry filling. Roll up and chill.

Frost with strawberry meringue. any laundry soap on the market.

Strawberry Filling

Whip % cup whipping cream; fold in

two tablespoons sugar and one cup sliced berries.

JUNE 1948 387 Recommended Commemorative ***HV J

Program for Melchizedek Priesthood Restoration HV* V iv JUl'ilX'

Ctake presidents recently received a letter from the First Presidency

April 15, 1948, in which dated special HOME MISSIONARY PROGRAM REEMPHASIZED exercises the restoracommemorating tion of the Melchizedek Priesthood Among the greatest satisfactions for Latterday Saints is the privilege were authorized to be conducted on the of listening to good gospel discourses and humble testimonies. The

second Sunday in June. home missionary program, as outlined in the following letter from the

In accordance with these instrucFirst Presidency, has contributed much toward this objective and is tions the following suggestions are being reemphasized as a means of promoting this splendid sacrament made as an aid to bishops in planning meeting factor in all stakes and wards where it is not already in vogue.

this program in their regular sacraThe use of returned missionaries to instruct the Saints as they did in the ment meeting services on Sunday, June mission field will be uplifting and very stimulating. Bishops are invited

13: to wholeheartedly cooperate with their stake presidencies and support

recommendation. Thee, 1, Songs: O this "We Thank of Stakes To Presidents for a Prophet";God, "Come, All Ye

Sons of God"; "Praise to the Man"; Dear Brethren:

"The Seer"(a solo) optional. Some time since, the Council of the First Presidency and the Quo-

2. Topics [or Speeches: rum of the Twelve adopted a recommendation from the Council of the

a. The Great High Priests and Twelve that in the stakes of the Church the members of the high council

the Keys They Held. (Christ, and the returned missionaries be used as home missionaries to make

Adam, Noah, Moses, Elijah. monthly visits to the wards of the stake. These brethren should carry

sort regularly the of missionperformed same work by stake home Smith, and others.) 10 on Joseph

is, aries, that should they are they assigned to the wards go to to which minutes.

References: Joseph Smith, Hisspeak, and give to the people instruction, encouragement, and admoniSpirit tion the as move. may vol. tory the 3, Church, of pp.

this to like to into should proceed put plan at you operation We 207212; vol. 4, 382392; pp.

If in convenience. already early plan your such operation a have you Fielding Smith, TeachJoseph

it will stake, in obviously then not for necessary be your to take you ings the Prophet Joseph of that action special that except sure should the be you missionaries any 166173; 157162; Smith, pp.

in are carrying that the suggested have on above. you now way Fielding Smith, The Joseph

will trust that the bless in carrying you Lord your on very We 287to Perfection, pp. Way will exacting that duties and his give he and Spirit arduous to you guide

and direct you in his work. b. Melchizedek and His Priesthood. 10 minutes. Faithfully yours,

References:

And Melchisedek lifted up his voice and blessed Abram.

Now Melchisedek was a man of faith, who wrought righteousness;

and when a child he feared God, and stopped the mouths of lions, and quenched the violence of fire. The First Presidency

And thus, having been approved of God, he was ordained an high priest after the order of break every band, to stand in the And hath said, and sworn with the covenant which God made presence of God; to do all things an oath, that the heavens and the

with Enoch. according to his will, according to earth should come together; and

It being after the order of the his commandments, subdue printhe sons of God should be tried

Son of God; which order came, cipalities and powers; and this by so as by fire.

not by man, nor the will of man; the will of the Son of God which And this Melchisedek, having

neither by father nor mother; was from before the foundation of thus established righteousness, was

neither by beginning of days nor the world. called the king of heaven by his

end of years; but of God; And men having this faith, compeople, or, in other words, the

And it was delivered unto men ing up unto this order of God, King of peace.

by the calling of his own voice, were translated and taken up into And he lifted up his voice, and according to his own will, unto as heaven. he blessed Adam, being the high

many as believed n his name. And now, Melchisedek was a priest, and the keeper of the storeFor God having sworn unto priest of this order; therefore he house of God;

Enoch and unto his seed with an obtained peace in Salem, and he Him whom God had appointed oath by himself; that every one was called the Prince of peace. to receive tithes for the poor.

being ordained after this order And his people wrought rightWherefore, Abraham paid unto and calling should have power, eousness, and obtained heaven, him tithes of all that he had, of by faith, to break mountains, to and sought for the city of Enoch all the riches which he possessed, divide the seas, to dry up waters, which God had before taken, sepwhich God had given him more to turn them out of their course; arating it from the earth, having than that which he had need.

To put at defiance the armies reserved it unto the latter days, or And it came to pass, that God of nations, to divide the earth, to the end of the world; blessed Abram, and gave unto him

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

B. LEE, TWELVE HAROLD G. CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION ROMNEY, Remarkably Frank CLIFFORD THOMAS E. MC KAY, E. YOUNG, LEVI SONNE, EDGAR ALMA YOUNG,

ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH HPhe story we give herewith is factual

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE in every respect, according to

President Reed Millar of the Boise riches, and honor, and lands for an everlasting possession; accordMelchizedek Priesthood Stake of the Church of Jesus Christ of

ing to the covenant which he had Latterday Saints, who was gracious made, and according to the blessMonthly Quorum Lesson for July enough to verify it for this column.*

ings wherewith Melchisedek blessed had LESSON SIX: July 1948 pearedThis inis thea reprintBoise ofDemocrat,an ad thatFebruap- him. (Joseph Smith, Translator, Inspired Version of the ary 24, 1886. It is as follows:

Bible, Genesis 14:2540. See also "Quorum Records and Finance"

Alma 13:1419; D. & C. 107:1-4; The Naked Truth Saloon

John A. Widtsoe, Gospel InterReference: Melchizedek Priesthood

pretations, pp. 221224; The ImHandbook, Section VILA, p. 41 to A Message from James N. Lawrence,

provement Era, December 1945, Section IX-A, p. 55. Proprietor

p. 761.) Friends and Neighbors: Having just

c. The Oath and Covenant Per- 1. Discuss the importance and work opened a commodious shop for the sale of

taining to the Melchizedek of quorum and group secretaries. liquid fire, I embrace this opportunity of

Priesthood. 10 minutes. 2. It is suggested that a copy of informing you that I have commencad the

References: D. & C. 84:33each of the five roll and report books businessand beggarsof making:for the sober,Drunkards,industrious,paupers,and

41; Hebrews, chapter 5, 6, 7, 8. (B-l, B-2, B-3, B-4, and B-5) be respectable portion of the community to

d. The Calling of an Elder. 5 brought to the class to show the priestsupport. I shall deal in, family spirits

minutes. hood members how the records are which will incite men to deeds of riot, rob-

e. The Calling of a Seventy. 5 kept. bery,diminishandthebloodshed,comfort, andaugmentby sothedoing,exminutes. 3. How often should a group report penses, and endanger the welfare of the

f. The Calling of a High Priest. be made out and to whom should it be community.

5 minutes. given? I will on short notice, for a small sum

great expectations undertake with to often a report should 4. How for victims the asylums, be andprepare poor

lives the where General References for d., e., made entire quorum gallows. prisons, farms, and

within one ward? should whom To

required to be special They are this sent? report Also, be answer the *See also The Improvement(ConcludedEra, onVol.page42, p.390)475. Christ. of witnesses the Lord Jesus questions same where quorum memberIt is expected of this body of men ship resides in two or more wards.

will they that have burning in 5. What is the responsibility of the low in obtaining the information from their souls of Jesus the testimony

Christ, which is the spirit of stake Melchizedek Priesthood commitquorum members asked for in part two prophecy; that they will be full of tee in regard to priesthood reports? of the Melchizedek Priesthood quorum

light and of the knowledge of the 6. Discuss the purpose, use, and conannual confidential report.

truth; that they will be enthusiastents of the minute book for quorums 15. What is the responsibility of the

tic in their calling, and in the and groups of the Melchizedek Priestchairman of the stake Melchizedek cause of Zion, and that they will hood. Priesthood committee regarding the

be ready at any moment, when 7. What is the purpose of the reconfidential annual report?

required, to go out into the world, organization audit and transfer report 16. What should be the final disor anywhere throughout the and when should this report be used? position of old roll and record books?

of testimony church and bear the 8. Discuss the five statements out17. Should all quorums have quotruth, gospel of the Jesus preach

Christ, and set examples before lining how to use the reorganization rum funds?

the world of purity, love, honesty, audit and transfer report. Also, show 18. What are the purposes of such

uprightness, and integrity to the the priesthood members the form printfunds?

truth. (Joseph F. Smith, cited in ed on pages 4647. 19. Discuss the seven points regard-

B. H. Roberts, First Year Book, 9. How are the quorum and group ing the regulations governing funds.

The Seventy's Course in Theolsecretaries to receive their copies of 20. What policy should govern the

ogy, 1931 reprint, p. 23; see also supplies, (reports, etc.)? expenditure and handling of qmorum

D. & G. section 107; 124:13810. Is it ever permissible for high funds?

143.) priests, seventies, and elders to keep 21. List the three methods which

For general references on the Meltheir records in the same roll book? could be followed in depositing quochizedek Priesthood see the following 11. Describe Form No. B-4-G and rum funds.

books: Joseph Fielding Smith, Teachstate its purpose. 22. Outline the purposes, handling,

ings of the Prophet Joseph Smith; John 12. Is it necessary to use the "Inand expenditure of seventies'funds.

A. Widtsoe, Discourses of Brigham dividual Record of Quorum Mem23. Should priesthood groups collect

Young; G. Homer Durham, The Gosber"cards? and spend their own funds or should

pel Kingdom; G. Homer Durham, Dis13. What is expected on part one of funds collected by groups be adminiscourses of Wilfovd Woodruff; Joseph the Melchizedek Priesthood quorum tered by the quorum?

F. Smith, Gospel Doctrine; John A. annual confidential report? 24. What policy should govern the

Widtsoe, Priesthood and Church Gov14. Outline the advised procedure dividing of quorum funds when a quoernment. that a quorum presidency should folrum is divided?

JUNE 1948 389 FREE N0LIQU0R-T0BACC0 COLUMN

{Concluded page from is: 389) Saint the standards. question Now VACATION FOLDER

I will furnish will that increase an article doing are what about can we it—what

distressaccidents, the of multiply number total us of do? can Every one be a we SEND IF ing YOU diseases, render those are NOW and who JSZabstainer to help or others and bebe incurable. free, folders give harmless, colorful These

dayby-day description (and cost) I will deal in drugs which will deprive come likewise. It will cost not a penny

life, fasof reason, of of propmost some tours to many effecof teach many to Greyhound by most example—the

all erty, their will of as: peace; cinating and such vacatibnlands, which tive teach. to can be symway * We fiends, to fathers wives cause and become

for, pathetic assist in with, pray and CALIFORNIA SOUTHERN children to orphans; widows; become and

d feasible wise every movement ways all, mendicants. ) 8Days-$53.80*(&

Hotel accommodations every night; I will cause many of the rising generadesigned to teach the evils of indultransportation; Hoover Dam; tours tion to grow up in ignorance and prove gence and encourage people to avoid

to the nation. a burden and a nuisance BevHollywood, of Los Angeles, I them. To this end, temptation should will their offspring, to forget mothers cause erly Hills, San Francisco,

Chinatown. and cruelty to take the place of love. be kept as far away as possible.

I will sometimes corrupt the ministers of

Ph.D., C. Ivy, M.D., D.Sc, A ndrew defile religion; the purity the of church

Salt Lake "Fare from City—Ask spiritual eternal temporary and cause and president vice of the University of

City. from Your Low Fare About death; and so impertinent be if any as to Illinois, brief article in the a authored

to the audacity ask me why I have POSTAL A PENNY MAIL ON bring April number of The National Tempeople, misery such accumulated upon the CARD TO—

Greyhound Travel Bureau my honest reply is, "Money."The spirit perance Digest in which he called the

W. Temple & So. Temple St. trade is lucrative and some professing attitude of our people toward the altheir Christians give cheerful countenance. Salt Lake City 1, Utah points cohol a paradox. problem He

the States United government From is called that alcoholism a disease I out the right to purchased have the demolish NAME is etcs It is tuberculosis, malaria, as character, health, the shorten destroy

Address the lives and ruin the souls of those who strange, he truly says, that alcoholism choose to honor me with their custom. is the only disease where it is considillogical and unethical to anniCity State IE ThoseI pledgewhomyselfwish toanydo ofall Ithehaveevilspromised.before ered

specified upon themselves or their dear hilate the cause. To prevent malaria,

GREYHOUND wherefriends, I arewillrequestedfor a fewto meetcents mefurnishat mythembar wegermdestroydisease,thewe mosquito;kill the germ;to preventto prewith the certain means of doing so. vent smallpox, we vaccinate. But to Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES

and UNION PACIFIC STAGES, INC. Will any honest friend of drink and annihilate beverage alcohol is considof the alcoholic beverage industry deny ered an infringement on one's personal

that a real cure of alco- %m-ffji theby Mr.truthfulnessLawrenceof inthethisstatementsad? made liberties.He writes

alexist."not "does an Once

different are the toholism liquor ads How alcoholic. coholic, always an Complete See How EasilytJ that of from His day Mr. Lawrence.

is the to only abstinence prevent way truthful; frank today's ads and ad was

is ideal the the goal a relapse. But

untruthful. are are deceptive and They MILKS MORNING of disease. prethe prevention And intriguing, appealing, glamorous. and

* Multitudes "fall"for them, particularvention can be attained by prohibition education. of manufacture But and by their to WHIPS ly the youth. inexperience Due I

is of the prevention only sure method misleading ignorance the of and andi In abstinence. Lincoln 1847, Abraham

evil of cunning they designers ways To Serve On wrote:

to trapped. unwittingly are According

director liquor of the Dr. the Yale of intoxicating use Whereas, E. M. Jellinek,V SHORTCAKES is as of pauperism, a beverage productive Studies, University School of Alcohol

it is believing and and crime; twothirds of the three million alcoholdegradation

that which produces our duty to discourage ics in the United States—drunkards more evil than good, we therefore pledge

whoing—beganhave lostdrinkingcontrolhabitsof theirduringdrinktheir ourselvestoxicating toliquorsabstainas afrombeverage.the use of inhigh school years. Dr. Ivy points out that the teaching

Among the results of this drinking, of abstinence must originate in the these onethird beyouths, about of as well precept as by example by home chill ice Milk Just Morning the of ages seventeen crytween and twenthe in continue the school and and chill stal cold, beater bowl and it is said, definite signs tyone, t show church. sugar whip. and—then Add alcoholism. delinquents Juvenile of on the writes, gloomily he However, taste. to Doublerich vanilla

Morning Milk is so economical an average, have become younger and drinking evil will exist as long as magyou can delight your family younger. As the crime rate goes up azines, newspapers, motion pictures,

with big, heaping servings on the average age of criminals goes and the radio continue to present the shortcakes, salads, gelatins down. Fifty years ago the average age most appealing advertising ever conand other desserts. of those arrested was fortyeight. Last ceived. Should not all such advertisyear (1947) it was seventeen. "The ing be made illegal?

SmoothRich F.B.I, tells us that the cost of crime is In any case, Dr. Ivy asserts we must

the gigantic figure of sixteen billion a intensively educate and propagandize year, or two million an hour and that the fact that drinking is not smart, that MORNING 23 percent of the cost is due to drinkit handicaps instead of helps to gain ing."distinction, that intoxication is a disMILK

The picture is black; the situation is grace and there is nothing funny about

appalling, judged by our Latterday it.

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Colors that give you ideas

Now—the practical way to choose interior wall

colors! Fuller's Jewel Case—144 color chips

in selfhelp slots. Take home the chips you

—beforechoose. Compareyou buy!withJeweldrapes,Case colorsrugs, unholsterycreated by

famous Color Consultant Elisabeth Banning each color authentic, after surveys among architects, decorators and fabric designers.

W. P. Fuller 6? Co.

Think of any color scheme—from a magazine, a model home,

or just one you thin\ would be exquisite. You can have it!

Fuller's Decorator Wall Colors—America's newest interior

deep tones—fit modern colorstyling by decorators and fabric

designers. Fuller's Softlite gotogether colors fill in the need

for lighter tints. Fuller's deep tones and pastel tints, with

thousands of variations possible, now give the widest color choice for wall decoration. See Decorator Wall Color deep

tones. See Softlite gotogether tints. Welcome new beauty for

your home!

DECORATOR WALL COLORS THERE'SDEALERA FULLERNEAR YOUPAINT

"Gotogether"colors also come in—If you need a

painter, professional flat finish FULLCOATSoft, will Fuller glad be fullergio—Semigloss to help finish: e'0f you

fulgloss—Highgloss enamel

JUNE 1948 391 'Pmidmr Ward Teaching Why I Respect the WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

Ward TeachersHow Often Are Changes OUTLINE OF STUDY

JULY 1948 a TLTow long should ward teachers 'T'he lesson for July will be a serve in one district,"is a quesreview of the study material tion of vital importance to the success presented in this column for Janof the program. With the varied conuary and February 1947.

ditions that exist in country and city Mimeographed copies of the wards and membership factors of large lessons will be sent to each bishand small wards, it would be difficult op one month in advance. Bishto issue instructions that would be uniops are requested to place imformly applicable in all wards. Howmediately the material in the

ever, since the suggestions offered may hands of the leader who presents be applied with latitude, they doubtless the lessons during the monthly can be made to fit the majority of meeting of the ward youth leadcases. ership committee that he may

Those responsible for this work are have ample time to make adecautioned to avoid extremes. Assignquate preparation.

ing teachers to the same district year after year or for a period of only two

L. PRICE DAVID will not three maxior produce months

letter a taken was from The following results. practices of these Eithermum Price, L. received from David would confide their problems, and seek recently(

should be discouraged. Ward teachis essentiallying a missionary work counsel and advice. The element of SixthSeventh Stake.Ward, Temple View

in factor such an important time is an others reap. some andwhere sow The life I the part of early my "Touring teachers it, the achievement. Without certainpersonality of approach and the from Church wandered away

to position demonstrate in are a not to stronglyteachers appeal one may I it for lost years. to twenty and was

family, but they may fail to impress sincere interest in and love for their made myself believe that I had no need the family next door, and consequently, family, and to render worthwhile servfor the Church or those who belonged have little if any influence upon them. ice. to it. The ward teachers called on me

Repeated assignments of two or While there may be exceptions, it several times, and after hours of perthree months'duration in several disseems that under normal conditions, suasion convinced me that I should retricts each year are impractical. Such teachers should serve in one district turn to activity. I promised to meet

short periods do not give adequate a minimum of one year. There are cirthem at sacrament meeting the next

time in which to accomplish the real cumstances and conditions that make Sunday. I kept my word and they

Faith, of teaching. conobjective I ward warmly. Later very welcomed me in instances, imperative changes many

builtfidence, are not respect upon and the of superintendent as sustained was transfers the but are made, where friendships. of short basis Teachthe I position held School, which Sunday

district inleaving should teachers a sufficient to timeers beshould have five a then for five years, as years come thoroughly acquainted with chilform the bishopric of any unusual conmember of the ward bishopric, group dren as well as parents. The esteem in ditions or follow up that is necessary. leader of the high priests in two wards,

which teachers are held will in a large Bishoprics and supervisors keeping in and have served fifteen years as a ward measure determine their success. close touch with the program will be teacher. I am grateful to those ward

The ideal teachers are those in whom able to determine when and if changes teachers and hope that I may do somethe children as well as the parents are necessary. thing equally as good for others."

*-***s?!mMmmmMm!,

* **iZf. rut *?V riW

AMMON WARD YOUTH CHORUS, South Idaho Falls Stake, has the distinction of having furnished the singing for two of the most recent quarterly stake conferences.

Bishop Clifford Judy reports that twentysix of the girls and sixteen of the biys received the individual certificate of award for 1947.

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ss? Leaded bu cJee f. f-autner

FLORIDA STAKE ACHIEVES IN WORK AMONG ADULT MEMBERS OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

The newly organized Florida Stake presents another challenging record. During 1947 there were twentysix adult members of the Aaronic Priesthood ortheir leaders are of these brethren showndained and elders—thirteen

that Priesthood the Aaronic of many inmorethe brethrenabove photo.and theirIf everyfamiliesstake placedin the inChurcha positionwere toto doreceivethis fortheonegreateryear, blessingsthere wouldof andbe 4,420 fewer adult members

the gospel.

Adult Members of the Aaronic Priesthood Aaronic Priesthood

Aaronic Priesthood L.D.S. Girls

lessons from Experience The New Approach "\17e are now in the thirteenth year of Girls Win Over Boys 'T'he new approach is a revitalized ard quorumthe Aaronicaward Priesthoodprogram. standThere In Individual Awards

arouse the to designed program the girls are Saint now Ratterday lessons learned from been have many interest the of brethren over twentywinners Aaronover acknowledged years the of those experiences which of yearsone age of members who are in the Priesthood number members assist in avoiding the ic should some ofthe also stake Aaronic Priesthood and and ward committees who have the disappointments and misunderstandof Individual Certificates of Award for responsibility of bringing these men ings which sometimes prove to be quite 1947, and by an astonishing margin.

into Church activity serious As of May 1, the Presiding Bishop

The new approach is introduced by For instance, some boys, individually ric approved 13,047 individual awards the writing of a personal letter, signed and collectively, have been made to for girls and 9,950 for members of the by the Presiding Bishopric, addressed feel unfriendly toward stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood.

to each adult member of the Aaronic leaders, because they have failed to Thus in two years, since the inis letter friendlyPriesthood. girls and The the the program, of auguration in assist earning the either award boys

reflects real for a concern andwarm the the winners over become have their in recognition, or securing awards the the the of of brethren welfare Lesin already a been comhad who is boys earned. after This they been haveser years Priesthood over twentyone three for years program panion when the price far any beyond and costlY'heartfelt indicates age, desireof a and the champions, began. the girls They're the perafford to pay. But leader can It their love.to confidence win and

expresses the thought that each one son who really pays is the boy; he boys! And we congratulate them.

has a contribution to make to the work sometimes goes on paying and paying of the Lord and that each of us can as long as he lives. the season? It extends from January 1

cast a ray of sunshine across someThis can all be avoided if leaders to December 31, each year.

one's invitation is expathway. An a magnificent Leaders done have to the effort required forth really put

the Presidtended with to correspond in this program; have done some work Priesthood prothe Aaronicing to to the promote respond Bishopric and

solicitation of the ward bishop or the gram "in the season thereof."When is better than others. A great majority

group adviser to join them in Church have given their best; some would be

functions. much happier if they gave more. In

Results of the new approach are general awakening in the welfare of which of these groups are you, as a gratifying. Many of the brethren have these brethren is in evidence. leader of boys?

personally acknowledged the letter adScores of these longforgotten brethLet us now resolve that not one boy, dressed to them. Stakes and wards ren are warming up to their leaders, group of boys, or quorum will fail to

report increased activity in the promoand are being made to feel they are achieve in 1 948 because leaders did not tion of the program. In the seventy- a m keep their boys informed of the stand"

nine stakes to which these personal ITche urSi ards and work with them in patience letters have been sent, there is a noticeIf present attitudes and enthusiasm and loye in assisti them to be sucthe with continue stake new the programable enthusiasm and ward among cssful.. Check its now%nd month, or ninety will goal reach uiofLuiuiiuuccs.committees. approach lutmutJLamembers adultauim Theluc theu through the,, year each,,boy, sJ record the adult of activity part visited percent on the are being PriesthoodAaronic

in their homes more frequently; many members of the Aaronic Priesthood by and llft him UP through the power of

cottage meetings are being held; priestthe end of 1948. Let each leader do his Your leadership. If there is any failure,

hood classes are being organized and a full part in realizing our objective. let it not be on the part of leadership.

JUNE 1948 393 THE SPIRIT OF GOD AND THE DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENCE

(Concluded [ram page 367) investigators went directly to nabody ranks with the discovery of to socalled authorities. the microscope in its scientific imAnother great landmark in the ture—not

This attitude, which is the essence portance.

progress of disscience the was scientific the of method, more came concludes Sorokin from However,covery 1 578- ( William by Harvey into general use and more and is of the a the of patents study number circulation of the the1657) of blood scientific basis of adour modern in issued that America England and role the the heart ofand as a pump. vance. ourselves, remind must We the rate of scientific advance showedUntil his day that taught it was that the Spirit however, of God in the latter of the a decrease part likeblood ebbed flowed the and

rested these men, they on so that nineteenth century. Further studytides; that it seeped through

find to investigate eager and the were will in that decline tell us whetherheart, with "anibecame endowed truth the about body. the human productivity of inventions merewasmal spirits"flowed then out and

The same was true of Columbus ly a temporary lag or whether itthrough the arteries to the body.

as discovered he America when was represents evidence an of a deepertheoryThis originated with had fifth prophesied in, the Nephi by lying cause. nearlyGalen 1,500 years before

Christ. before century opposiSuch

live latterdays is a in these time. ToHarvey's

tion as these to had bear came men great privilege. Righteousness is the Harvey's method of proof was false the conception mostly from

price security of as peace never andrevolutionary set a pattern and Christianity. true of had for men The all If before. that recognized menall scientists to follow. measured He doctrine Christian supports and blessings such the depend uponthe quantity of the heart blood could the fosters increase of knowledge the favor of Almighty, they wouldhold, direction the of noted flow pertruth. diffusion of and

strife, their loose turn morals, from inmitted the valves the heart, by attitude same prompted The Join his injustice to gain order andveins, arteries. and concluded He directly the seph to to Smith go are Security esteem. peace and leftthat the blood goes the from of throne his with question God for the of increase necessary knowlto theheart the to and back body join. about church should he what edge.right heart. side of the Considerable received the the from answer He

opposition met even such a harmless Source of Truth, because the Lord explanation as this. The darkness Jesus Christ himself told Joseph that

of ignorance and superstition gave his Church should be reestablished Screenings stubbornly. butway in this nineteenth the day. Thus By F. M. Root In the two great alone famous cases cited, the century increase not saw

of scientific truth as is shown by TTany a lovely theory goes 'round the graph, but also the restoration with a black eye and a skinned... and So the Movies! of religious truth as it was originally nose,fact induethetodark.bumping into a halfopen understood by the ancient prophets.

(Concluded from page 377) It is questionable whether the thePracticallysmart alecknothingwho iscan"stuckbe doneon withhimtiful recordings from the Old and New twentieth century will have as great self"until he gets into hot water.

Testament, notably from the Sermon a record of scientific achievement as Why worry about what people think are available.on the Mount

The centennial pageant, "The Mesthe nineteenth. For one thing we of you, unless you have to some extent

sage of the Ages,"was photographed have only a portion of it with which more confidence in their opinion of you in color for reproduction on film strips. to judge. Even so, the feat of harthan you have of your own?

The complete score of the pageant was nessing atomic energy, both for deMarriage is said to be an educational recorded, including all the lines, and structive use in war and for saving institution wherein a man learns by music, both instrumental choral. and kind of husband his wife what lives research, will degrees by physiological

this presentationExcerpts from can be married. wishes she had with rank the great accomplishments if available, is sufficient theremade

public interest. of all time. Even that advance has A bride is a symphony, and the man

its roots in the nineteenth century who conducts her from the altar faces {"Organizations of the Church, utilizbecause Mme. Curie discovered the music. facilities affiliations ing the of and hesitate just get to Don't married its in closing radium years (1898).the Deseret Churchowned Book Comin because your you want own way radioactive salts of use to The field, this in available thepany have there married everything. After you're trace the like of elements movements increasing toolsof-teachingrapidly

anything to prevent your be are resultingresources, which from the carbon and phosphorus through the won't it. right keeping on wanting nationalphenomenal of development

picture power. What if the world does laugh at

Aware of the potency of these great you? Laugh right back at it—it's just

modern means of communication, the as funny as you are.

General Authorities of the Church Conscience is that still small voice have helped more than 350 wards to that tells some people in time that the equipment. necessarypurchase maybe, after all, they shouldn't have

interestedBishops informamay obtain done it. films, equipment,tion about and how

to obtain them by inquiry addressed to The worst thing about having a lot the Presiding Bishopric or the Deseret of money is that it often makes the

Book Company in Salt Lake City, person having it feel that he is worth

Utah. it. 394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

are *tf* Tto noDo%

ITNOT WITH IOT WITH NOT WITI BUT

WHEELS REEDS A BLOWER The distiiKTively beautiful tone of CONNThrough the use of the vacuum tube it is

SONATA is created by purely electronic possible on CONNSONATA to get a more mans, without the use of blowers, vibrating complete spectrum of tone color than is posreeds, revolving wheels or other moving mesible in any other instrument. In organ lanilllnlcal parts. Only the electrons move! Each guage this means that the player can obtain

tone has its own characteristic and complete all the four families of organ voices—Diapaseries of natural harmonics, or "overtones,"son, Flute, String and Reed—simultaneously

and each has its own individual source, proand independently of each other.

vidingnaturally—rich noensemble"pop"effect.nor "lag."All tones "speak"

ELECTRONIC Qiqcvn Most Prolific Source f Musical Tones Known to Modern Science

Other features include: Natural

tremulant, like voice vibrato. Separate

expression pedals for Great and Swell manuals. Separate speaker

channels, one for pedal and one for each manual. Full range down

to 16foot 32cycle Great C.

Intonation accurate to 1/100 of semitone. Cabinet in hand

carved oak or walnut, with bench, speaker cabinet and A. G. O. pedal board to match.

Write or call today for descriptive literature and information on store or personal demonstrations.

2A ClOISTER MODEL s nmgmw*smm 259 South State SALT LAKE CITY

JUNE 1948 395 THE CHURCH MOVES ON {Concluded from page 357) known as the Fremont Stake Acad- B. Y. U. Speech Center

year Church college have been anemy. The name was again changed, TJrigham Young University, the

nounced by Dr. Franklin L. West, in October 1903, to Ricks Academy. Church university at Provo, Utah,

Church commissioner of education. It has since become a college. is making a collection of pictures of

Ricks College, at Rexburg, a junior Ricks College will become the secproductions of plays in the Church.

college for several years, is to extend ond institution of the Church to offer a The collection will be housed and disits curriculum to three years in the full fouryear college course. Brigham played at Spencer Hall, the nerve cen1948-49 academic year, and to a full Young University, Provo, Utah, is the ter of dramatics on the Y campus.

fours years in 194950. other. The Church also operates the This building was named in honor of

Dr. John L. Clarke, president of the L.D.S. Business College, Salt Lake John D. Spencer, whom many considcollege, has announced that a $250,000 City, the Juarez Stake Schools, for the er to have been Utah's greatest actor.

heating plant is being installed this members of the Juarez Stake in MexIt is planned that this dramatic librasummer and that plans have been ico; and numerous seminaries and inry will include pictures of all the old

drawn for new buildings which will stitutes for high school and college dramatic companies of the state, much include dormitories, library, auditostudents. of the greatness of the old Salt Lake

rium, ballroom, student union facilities, Theater, and as many pictures as posand offices for student and school ad- L. D. S. Business College sible of Mutual Improvement Associaministrative units. T/'enneth S. Bennion has been aptions productions, taken since the inWhile all basic subjects now will be pointed president of the L.D.S. ception of those organizations.

Salt City, Dr. College, Lake Business of the young the needs tooffered meet in solicits help your The university commissionChurch Franklin L. West, prihas College beenpeople, Ricks despictures, and appropriate obtaining

marily a teachertraining school, and er of education has announced. The criptive statements. Only by the help Dr. Feramorz president succeeds will receive new educationthis of phase this collection be made as of many can after retired 31, Y. state of who Idaho Fox May emphasis. Theadded as possible. complete the of years as president twentytwo requirlegislation recently passedhas

ing that Idaho teachers must hold fourschool, and having spent more than year teaching certificates by 1955. thirtyfive years at the school in teachRicks has a long history, being the ing and administrative positions. General Welfare Committee

first one of the academies established by President Bennion was a teachVS7illiam T. Lawrence of Ogden,

the Church for weekday education. It er at the business college for twenty * Utah, has been appointed a membegan in November 1888 under the years. His Church activities include ber of the general Church welfare

name of Bannock Stake Academy. being a member of the bishopric of committee by the First Presidency.

Thomas E. Ricks, as president of the the Vernon Ward, Tooele Stake; a Elder Lawrence is the manager of

Bannock Stake, presided over the member of the Ensign Stake Sunday the Deseret Mills and Elevators, opschool board. The academy spent the School board, a member of the West erated by the Church welfare program

first ten years of its existence in three Ensign Ward bishopric, Salt Lake at Kaysville, Utah. For several years

rooms of the Rexburg First Ward City; and, at the time of this appointhe has been active in the grain producmeetinghouse. At the division of the ment, a member of the general board tion program as carried forward by

stake in 1898, the institution became of the Sunday School. Church welfare.

Jr., Pickett, Eighth Kooji row: Sarah LaBriel Pickett, Carter, Wilcox, Carol S. West, Ray Don Hugh THE MISSIONARY HOME ENTERINGMISSIONARIES

Phyllis Shirl Clark, Elmer Cornwall, Boejack, M. Denney, Ballard, Myrtle Russell D. Okauchi, John APRIL 21, 1948 DEPARTING APRIL 12, AND

Sherwood, D. Clar. D. K. Severson, Robert Chipman, C. Dean W.

Reading from left to right, first row: George 0. Fifth row: Chloe Belle Hodge, Valmai R. Long, Bennion, D. Elden Ball, P. W. Erekson, D. A. PeterHarding, Joseph W. Payne, Manuel A. Trujillo, Juan Don W. England, Ralph E. Wagner, Allen R. Schvaneson, David W. DuRette, Eugene W. Sinclair, Laura

F. Gonzales, Don B. Colton, director; Phyllis A. veldt, Lloyd E. Nielsen, Roy L. Scott, Sylvia Powell M. Caff, LaVer W. Bentley, D. J. Carlisle, Richard

Roundy, Myrl P. Pond, Olita Miller, Betty Mae Muir, Royal B. Muir, Joseph C. George, Clinton P. R. Black.

Bowler. Isaac. S. row: Zollinger, Ninth T. Clayne Richey, Reid

Sixth row: V. Lyle Richard WilKneeland, Lee Walton, C. Hartshorn, M. Howell Melvin row: Second Wallace Denel, V. Samuel Miera, Lorence Martineau,

Parks, Emily Lowell F. E. F. Baker, Johnson, Gaylen M. Williams, Hovik, Bernt Lydia liams, H. Anna Glenn Hiett, Clarence Rich, Lavell Merrill V. M.

J. Miner, Darrel F. Richard N. Richard Adams, Elva H. Peterson, Wasden, Joyce Jensen, Hovik, Reed John J. Willis, Alvin Reber, Rigby, C. Lamand Albon

Victor Lee, Harold Chipman, W. Robison. Gibbons, C. Parker, Donald M. C. Henderson, Robert Max Johnson.

Jones, Joseph C. E. P. Goodman. Mineer, row: Third Mineer, Lena WalJack

row: Tenth L. Robins, Edward Frank Haws, Hamrow: Seventh Rogers, O. Kartchner, Garth Stewart, O. William lace A. Joseph Stevens, D. James

ilton F. J. Wilson, Barnes, Eugene Lyle Saurey, C. Stewart Parker, H. Roberts, L. Lynn DonaldJ. Schutz, Heward, Albert H. Quick, Alden George Romney, W.

F. Daniel Black, Wood, Norman William Layton, Stephans Peter J. Meyer, Barfuss, R. Cleverley, Parrish, Glenn Jeanette Bunn, Roberta Robert DeVal

C. Rupert Lindsay, T. Theron Wiser, Laurie C. PearLavire, C. Dale E. Merrill Shaw, Lorin Read. Cowley, Barson. rett, C. Glendon Johnson, B, Lott, Adelbert H. G. row: Fourth Olsen, A. Skousen, Keith Paul Irene

Olive Putnam, Morrell Bunn, Ray Zobrist, Herbert G. Crane. Pedestals: Raymond Price, Duane Kump.

...

LEGEND OF THE TETONS

{Concluded from page 373) hundred feet, but again she was than either of the previous days, but great chasm to the west an altar was forced to return to the top. The again sheer drops of hundreds of

placed where the Indians might third attempt was made, but it too feet forced her to return. On the

come to worship the Great Spirit was unsuccessful, and as the sun set fourth morning the Indians were near the giant peaks. Each year as in the west, the Indians in the valley startled to see that there was no

soon as the snow would leave this could see that she would have to Indian maiden on top of the peak.

great mountain, the Indians came by spend the night on top of the peak. Some think that during the night the

the thousands to worship the Great The second day at daybreak the InGreat Spirit rescued her from the

Spirit from the altar. This still did dians again came to watch her mountain peak. Others think she

not quiet the wailings of the Indians descent. All day long she attempted slipped and fell the thousands of

nor satisfy their grief. first one place and then another, but feet to the great glacier below where

Finally the Great Spirit told them was forced to spend a second night she was buried, and that some day that if one of their number could on top of the peak. On the third her body may yet emerge from the

climb to the top of the topmost peak day she was able to get much lower bottom of the glacier.

and return to the valley that the four great chiefs would return to them.

Finally the Indians selected beau- a COMPLETE YOUR CHURCH LIBRARY WITH THESE 3 tiful Indian atthe maiden to make tempt. Very early one summer

morning this Indian maiden left the valley and started up the steep sides of the great range of mountains. By

early morning she had left the saddle and was ready to try the almost impassable cliffs of the great peak.

Hour by hour she laboriously toiled see** up the craggy slopes. At times she

would inch her way up the precipitous granite ledges, clinging to what STORY possible reach. crags she could At TELLERS pointone she crawled on hands and

knees for a long distance around a SCRAPBOOK very narrow ledge—one false move

and she would hurtle thousands of feet through space to the jagged cliffs below. Upward through a

split rock she forced her body.

. Finally in the early afternoon of STORY TELLERS SCRAPBOOK.

By ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

this beautiful day, the Indians from A book of stories to make lesson ideas longremembered, hi 160 the altar in the west, in the canyons pages the compiler has produced a useful and readable reference below, and in the valley to the east, book $1.00

saw her crawl to the top of the peak.

As she rose to her feet, they could..see her unfold her arms in a gesture THESEAMAZINGMORMONS By JOSEPH H. WESTON

of worship to the Great Spirit. After

S, L. D. people observations newspaperman's and the of Mormon Aa short rest she started the perilous of vital 100,000 beautifully written Church. on subjects words

descent. After trying for a long time interest to every church member. Gil QQ

she came to an impassable cliff and was forced to return to the top ofthe mountain. Again she tried a dif- L D. S. SCRIPTURES..

ferent route, getting down several By GILBERT CHARLES ORME

A classic for missionary work. Side index makes available in an

instant 3000 references on 319 various subjects. $4bOU

When Ordering, Add 2% Sales Tax in Utah

SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES

Write for listing of books and special discount privileges

BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

JUNE 1948 397 '>.,*$<# f'<

7. West Pocatelio Stake

held their Gold and Green Ball and all wards participated.

2. In South Los Angeles

Stake, President John M.

Iversen crowned the queen chosen to reign at the Gold and Green Ball.

3. Provo Stake Gold and

Green Ball. The attendants

to the stake queen were ward queens.

4. Gresham Branch, Northwestern States Mission, Gold and Green

Ball.

5. The Mexican Branch of Juarez

Stake, held its Gold and Green

Ball at Dublan, Chihuahua, Mexico.

6. Nebo Stake Gold and Green

Ball held in Payson, Utah.

7. Dublan Ward, Juarez Stake,

Gold and Green Ball queen and attendants.

8. Gleaner Sheaf Binding ceremony in Redding Branch of Shasta

District, Northern States Mission.

9. San Pedro Ward, Long Beach

Stake, youth chorus, consisting of thirtyone singers, an organist and a director. About half this group

attend a ward musical director's class. November of last year they

made an excursion to the Mesa,

Arizona, Temple where they did baptisms for the dead, and were privileged to sing in the morning temple chapel meeting.

10. Ely Ward, Nevada Stake, Gold and Green

Ball.

11. Eleven queens of the Gold and Green

Ball reigned who at the San Fernando

Gold and Green Ball. The theme was "StairStake

way of the Stars."

12. Junior Girls of Archer Ward, Rexburg

Stake, tied their Rose Bouquet.

13. Gold and Green Ball of Columbia, South

Carolina, in which nine wards, with queens from each ward, participated.

14. Ogden Stake Gold and Green Ball at

which the eight couples in costume staged a dance.

75. South Sanpete Stake Rose Program,

held at Manti Center Ward chapel. Of the

seventyseven girls in the stake, all are enrolled and active in M.I.A.

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CHURCHWIDE ACTIVITIES IN PICTURE

16. San Antonio Branch Gold

and Green Ball, TexasLouisi- 78. LaVerkin Ward, lion

ana Mission. Park Stake, Gold and Green

Ball. The scene was a snow

77. First Gleaner Comraderie storm in a forest with a rainever held in Kauai District at bow burst of color behind the

Kapaa, T.H., was enjoyed by throne of the queen.

the Gleaner Girls.

JUNE 1948 399

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

( Concluded from page 385 world's distress, of man's unhappiwas not so well understood. Was ness. Only such desires for peace

it indeed possible? In the face of as have this objective in ultimate

J/UL existing human relationships, that view will succeed-—all others will

seemed questionable. Yet this Jesus perish.

of Nazareth, this Galilean, declared Work for the dead, requiring a that these two commandments, love high degree of unselfishness, trainsDESERET of God, and love of one's neighbor, people to think of others, and to summarize every law of the gospel. serve them. This training will carprophets. of the utterance intorule of the golden the use ryNEWS every

the people leave Lord did not The It will 1 affairs of daily men. the

in doubt as to how a man might develop and fit a group of God'sPRESS learn to love his neighbor as himchildren who eventually will lead inself. He said: bringing peace to an unhappy world.

"Therefore all things whatsoever There is great virtue in the opye would that men should do to you, portunity that has been granted us

prophets."* and the COMMERCIAL lawdo ye even to them: for this is the to serve the dead. It will turn man from hate to love. It is part of our

the Lord cut through the Again it let not destiny. great must We difficulties with of manmade AND EDITION maze earthe of one pass us by! It was It workable practice. a simple, may

gifts to his people of the Lord all to learn liest difficult after not be so PRINTERS AND will deterlatter days; and of the ourselves! as to love neighbor our

him of our acceptance is by mine the the divine solution of the This BOOK BINDERS ort A. W. work sMatt. 7:12 earth.—J.

PAPER RULING LEGEND OF TIMPANOGOS {Concluded from page 373) vegetation of the forest resumed. its

bubbling springs no longer gave beautiful green summer coloring.

forth their streams of sparkling waThe wild animals and the wild fowl ter, leaving the lakes and the river of the air returned to their former beds entirely dry; and as the habitation, and again all was peace

e&6iona parched earth absorbed the last and contentment with the Indians.

drop of moisture, the foliage and As a symbol of gratitude which turned withered and for their people felt she and her ana J>octal vegetation able no longer brown, as though heroffered to liberation, Timpanogos fight for its life, and inevitably self in sacrifice, and was thereupon

S>tatl',oner<'t yielded to the hand of approaching transformed into an Indian goddess death. The wild animals and the of pure white and gray quartzite, and

wild fowl of the air migrated to today, as for centuries past, Mount other areas in search of food, leaving Timpanogos which bears her name, the Indians confronted with destituproudly and reverently supports the 29 RICHARDS STREET tion, misery, starvation, and death. outline of her beautiful figure upon

there, the only beautiabove sea. And his one and sand feet summoned PHONE 4 -5521 In desperation, the tribal chieftain its topmost crest... twelve thouher gratitude daughter, of upon a smile ful young princess Timwith

panogos, and instructed her to enter face, and as though in communion the forest, and to ascend to the with God himself, and throughout highest peak of the mountain, there eternity, she lies, gazing straight to pray to the Great Spirit for the into the blue of heaven....

return of rainfall and for the liberation of her people.

4 A COMPLETE d Timpanogos did as she was inforest; the entered structed. She SERVICE WA

Portraits to the Largest Missionary fI ENGRAVINGFrom A highest the peak to she ascended Catalogues. J Attention Prompt Given Orders for Mail there, days mountain; the and of

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. and days she prayed. Finally, her

K 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah (j prayers were heard and answered.

The rainfall did again descend; the

bubbling springs again gave forth their streams of sparkling water,

i.sill Why Don't YOU Read the ERA? filling the lakes and the river beds B>"

to overflowing. The foliage and

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Era Golden Jubilee Campaign

(Continued from page 376) Real Protection

Total Subscriptions 1—Southern States, 1,439; 2—

TexasLouisiana, 1,211; 3—Northern States, 1,190; 4—Northwestern States,

Ward Citation Winners Among the wards there were some outstanding surprises. In

Group A, the smaller wards, both honors went to South Carolina Stake. Augusta Ward with 2,033

percent of its quota and Greenville with 1,631 percent were unquestioned leaders in that class.

Among the larger wards Long Beach likewise claimed both honors.

Iai that stake Park View Ward with 519 percent and North Long Beach

Ward with 500 percent were declared citation winners and will be honored at June conference.

In the citations for highest total subscriptions South Carolina again listed two wards—Gaffney with 218

subscriptions and Greenville, also a citation winner in percent of quota, with 212 subscriptions. As the

Greenville Ward was a double citamotor tion winner, Springfield Ward of oil of intermountainFlorida Stake was moved ahead and with 123 subscriptions won a motorists for nearly half citation.

Representing Group B or larger a century.

wards, total subscription honors at your in first Manchester towent Ward s UTAH OIL REFINING CO. with 279 Stake Angeles LosSouth

subscriptions, second to Park View STATION OR DEALER of Long Beach Stake with 275 sub- * *scriptions and third to Lovell Ward ************** of Big Horn Stake with 268 subscriptions.

Double citations as indicated above make possible the inclusion of additional units in the citation list.

Mission Branch Citation Winners [ eading the smaller branches in You Can't ALWAYS Plan percent of quota Alamogordo Branch of the Western States MisThe FUTURE By the Past!

sion took first honors with 1,550 Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason why you won't.

percent of its quota. New Bern Don't judge the future by the past.

Branch of the Central Atlantic Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

States Mission was second with Insure your property today and be protected against loss.

1,200 percent. Better get your policy while you can.

In the larger branches High Point Branch of Central Atlantic UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

States Mission led all others in percent of quota with 1,217 percent, Heber J. Grant Co., GENERAL AGENTS, Salt Lake City, Utah

(Concluded on page 402) JUNE 1948 401

ERA GOLDEN JUBILEE CAMPAIGN

(Concluded from page 401) 2. Alamogordo—Western States Misfying was the fact that the Hall of

while Ridgecrest Branch of the sion 31 Subs. Fame continues to demonstrate the

StatesCalifornia Mission was second with 3. Huntington—East Central attifact that the missionary where Mission 27 Subs. percent.800 tude conversion to the missionand

total In the smaller branches in it value of ary ate present the Era "B"Branches Groupsubscriptions Branch Montgomery is possible "the to have in every Era Total Subscriptions

Statesof the Southern Mission led 1. Mishome."Cincinnatti—Northern States

subscriptions. 34with Alamogordo sion 154 Subs.

Branch of the Western States Mis- 2. Minneapolis—North Central States Roll of Honor

sion, a double citation winner, was Mission 147 Subs. The Roll of Honor likewise wassecond with 31 subscriptions, and

Huntington Branch of East Central Tn the mythical 1,000 Club four particularly gratifying—-145 stakes

States Mission was third with 27 members qualified in the following and 16 missions reached their full subscriptions. order: South Los Angeles Stake quotas, with most of them going far

Among the larger branches Cinas president with 1,686 subscripbeyond, establishing new alltime cinnati Branch of Northern States tions; Southern States Mission as records for percent of quota in Era

Mission led in total subscriptions vice president with 1,439 subscripcampaigns.

The missionary spirit which haswith 154, and Minneapolis Branch tions; Long Beach as secretary with

of the North Central States Mis- 1,259; and Northern States Mission been responsible for the remarkable

sion was close behind with 147 as treasurer with 1,190. Several success of The Improvement Era in

subscriptions. other stakes were within striking the past fiftyone years was definiteFinal listings of citation winners distance, but failed by narrow marly in evidence during the entire

in wards and branches are as gins to win membership. Golden Jubilee Campaign. Many

follows The feature of the campaign was stories of outstanding achievement the variation among stakes and and in some cases real sacrifice were is It during the season. missions with recent reported as compared Ward Citation Winners

to the record doubtful if of devotion "pillars"years. of the former Some

unselfish service rendered an Era byGroup of fell slightly Quota of becampaigns Era in stakes, directors missions, wards, Augusta—South"A"Wards—PercentCarolina....2,033% records other while hind former2. Carolina.. 1,631% 1. Greenville—South seaduring branches the past and the bringing groups surged ahead

been exceeded in a son has ever total for subscriptions to the year Wards—Percent "B"Group of Quota campaign. magazine level practically as last the same Beach 1. Park 519% View—Long

the June conference, citations2. North Long Beach—Long Beach year's alltime record number. At

500% will be presented to the ten stakes

Hall of Fame in each category, twenty in all; to

Group "A"Wards four missions in each class, eight in

Total Subscriptions The Hall of Fame shows fiftyall; to four wards and four mission

1. Gaffney—South Carolina..218 Subs. four groups, including several large branches. In addition there will be2. Greenville—South Carolina 212 Subs. wards reporting the Era in every special recognition for these groups

3. Springfield—Florida 123 Subs. home. Several other groups reported in the annual Era Year Book which

the equivalent in number of Latteris distributed widely throughout the

Group "B"Wards day Saint homes. Particularly gratiChurch.

Total Subscriptions 1. Manchester—South Los Angeles..

279 Subs.

Subs.2. Beach..275 View—Long Subs. INCREASING HAPPINESS AND SOLIDARITY OE THE FAMILY 268 Horn3. Lovell—BigPark

(Continued from, page 365) President John Taylor instructed that her heart comforted may beMission Branch Citation Winners mother, earthlythe Saints to strengthen their homes unimpaired in her and her affections by the following admonition: Group "A"Branches protector.5

Percent of Quota stressed occasion another he On love and wives Husbands, your do you1. MisAlamogordo—Western States the think the beauty worth of or do and home: treat them right, you that you sion 1,550%

great yourselves are moguls some who States2. fit little log cabin, men, a you up Young New Bern—Central Atlantic

to upon crowd them? They have a right Mission 1,200% if feet ten square, it is not than and more

part of yourself, are given as a to you little to get then put in your a bird you to treat all kindwith ought them you all cage. then with and day can work You Group "B"Branches

Percent of Quota satisfaction to yourself considering that you ness, with mercy and long suffering, and and bitter, or in any not be harsh way heart a loving States have 1. and a home to go to, High Point—Central Atlantic

to display Then, your authority. will then you. to welcome have desirous You Mission 1,217%

2. Ridgecrest—California Mission.... something to encourage you to labor and you wives, treat your husbands right, and

800% gather around you the comforts of life, and try to make them happy and comfortable.

a place to gather them to. Strive to make Endeavor to make your homes a little

Group "A"Branches your little home attractive. 6 heaven.7

Total Subscriptions Discourses of Brigham Young; ed. John A. WidtKingdom, Gospel ed. G. Homer The soe. 7John Taylor, Salt City, Deseret Utah: Lake Book Company,1. Montgomery-—Southern States MisCity. Bookcraft, 1943, Utah; Salt Lake 307-8 Durham, 1925, (1943 ed., p. 199) pp. sion 34 Subs. Vbid.. p. 301. 284 p.

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA indicate President stressed Taylor the it a home. Studies immake diFOR A SUMMER of recreationportance couples in the that most home who obtain

when he stated in 1886: vorces are without children. ChilWELL SPENT—

dren bring a glorious opportunity

Books and musical instruments are now for parents to demonstrate love, unas toso cheap within the the be reach of selfishness, service, affection and furnishing humble.most inof By means

activities feelings are Brigham Young andstruction, at which amusement, enjoyment and home, parents can... tie their children to basic for human happiness, satisthem by bonds of affection that can never factions, and security. If parents University

be broken. In after years those children are unable to have children of their

will that think of as the brightest home in their spotand dearest in their own, they should adopt them. memories;

minds it will always be surrounded by a the expect not should 6. One Summer School

8 halo.heavenly perfect. are to be mate no There

such persons today. If one tries to Wide variety of undergraduSpecific Suggestions for Enhancmake the mate perfect, he "may ate and graduate courses

ing Family Love and Solidarity sprout wings and fly away."taught by strong resident and 7. The married couple should pay

Cince the breakup of the family is compliments to each other. There visiting faculty.

one of the major social problems are ample opportunities for comof our era, it is essential that all that mendation with sincerity. The SPECIAL FEATURES

is possible be done to strengthen avoiding of this might be likened to FAMILY LIFE INSTITUTE,,,family love and solidarity. Here are the situation of a person in a cold

a few salient suggestions which if climate knowing that somewhere the AUDIOVISUAL EDUCATION put into practice should help. sun is shining although he is shiverWORKSHOP...

1. Great care should be taken in ing from lack of its warmth and BAND AND ORCHESTRA CLINIC

choosing one's husband or wife. cheer. All men and women need to

in receive life and Scientific in achieve happiness studies on recogniINSTITUTE OF STUDENT PERSONfor approval such achievetion and substantiate the generallymarriage... NEL GUIDANCE

following factors as desirable for ment.

PUBLIC DRAMA AND SPEAKING couples contemplating marriage: 8. The development of a sense of... INSTITUTE

humor is essential. Many a rough

a. Similarity of religion jolt or bump has been absorbed in TENTH ANNUAL MUSIC FESTIVAL

b. Marriage between the ages of 20 and the home through cheerfulness.

30 serious often always People who are FIRST TERM c. acts Courtship of about two or three years misinterpret of others, and 16 their JUNE 7 -JULY d. Many interests in common feelings are consequently easily

e. Common ideals and a similar philoshurt. SECOND TERM

ophy of life JULY 19 - AUGUST 21 9. Important for Latterday Saints

2. Each marriage partner should is the principle of eternal marriage. Write the Dean For A Catalog

sincerely endeavor to make the other One of the main reasons the diperson happy through love and vorce rate among Church members service. True love and joy grow as is relatively lower is that the family Brigham Young

mates relegate "I"and "me"to unit is regarded as potentially existing in love and eternal positions background and develop growth. University such marriages are consumtheir When primary interests in making

partners joyful. mated, the temporary injunction, PROVO, UTAH

3. Each should look for the good "until death do you part,"is relimilMIIUIIIIIIIIllllUlllllimillUlillllllllllClHIIIIIII

in his mate. Numerous studies by placed with the lofty ideal and hope

sociologists indicate that nagging of family interactions and love forever. marriage beand Thus trivial differences in ever are basic and for FIFTY OVER IN USE YEARS sacred even an more comes and rich in trouble the causing home. There in treatment Aids of Canker, simple spiritual experience. in the of of us is plenty worst good throat sore other and minor mouth

if we but look for it. 10. Marriage is a process, not an and throat irritations.

4. They should confide in each event. Although the wedding and

other, sharing their successes and reception are "out of this world,"HALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah problems. It is therapeutically they are only the beginning of a life

sound to "air"one's problems, and it of adjustments. Couples do not

strengthens family solidarity to marry and live happily ever after share the pleasures and sorrows of without effort. For the home to belife. come really a noble temple of love f\ead

and beauty, it is essential for sac- 5. One function of marriage is to rifice, growth, and service to perTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bring children into the house and meate its structure from the founda- "The Voice of fhe Church""ibid. tion.

JUNE 1948 403 SURVIVAL OF THE AMERICAN WAY OF LIFE (Continued from page 364) other coercive system provide these although they don't have a clear we have spent twice as much money priceless blessings which flow to us understanding of what private enfor liquor and tobacco as tor medias a part of our American way of terprise is. With them, as with many

cal care, about the same for movies life? The common denominator of of the adults, there is a vague noas for the support of the churches, all these coercive systems is the tion that it is some unfair system

and almost as much for beauty curtailment of individual liberty. which tends to give special advanparlor services as for the private Surely, we will all agree that our tage to big corporations and wealthy

social welfare. Whether wise or Constitution provides the basis for individuals. This attitude is encourunwise these decisions on the part the only economic system acceptable aged by certain textbook writers

of individuals as to how they spend to true Americans. who hold the idea, in many cases,

their money are, however, the result Although we all cherish the mathat a governmentplanned economy of free consumer choice which is a terial blessings which flow from the is the remedy for all of our economic part of the free enterprise system. American system of individual ills and the weaknesses in our

With all of its weaknesses, our achievement, it would be folly for American way of life, to which they free enterprise system has accomus to close our eyes to certain chalreadily point without referring to plished in terms of human welfare lenging and dangerous trends which the beneficent fruits of the system.

that which no other economic or soare in evidence and which strike at We are rearing a generation which cial system has even approached. its very foundation. As Americans, does not seem to understand the

Our freedom of individual opporfar removed from the struggles fundamentals of our American way tunity permits us to draw upon our which won for us our freedom, we of life, a generation which is no natural resources and upon the total are inclined to take the inevitable longer dedicated to its preservation.

brain and brawn power of the nation blessings of freedom for granted. A longrange educational program

in a most effective manner. This It has been five generations since the beginning with the adult level is, of

freedom of individual choice inadoption of the American Constitucourse, the only answer. Our peospires competition. Competition intion. Many in America today seem ple, both before and after they arspires shrewd and efficient manageto have forgotten the cost and the rive at the age of the right of the

ment which is conducive to the provalue of freedom. ballot, should understand what it is

duction of the best product possible that has made America great. We

at the lowest price. "History records that can only appreciate freedom if we

fruits the comparative understand a people gets that eventually to discard a system weAre thereof. said: Jefferson It was who

it government the form of has simply so produced much is eternal of freedom "The price because it has not worked perfectly? deserves."vigilance."It is one thing to win

We all admit there are abuses. One freedom; its preservation is equally

should not condemn an entire sysTn addition, during the past twentyimportant. If reference is made contem because of the abuses of a five or thirty years, particularly, tinually to weaknesses of the private

handful of those who do not play loud voices have been calling attenenterprise system without any effort the game according to established tion to the weaknesses of private ento point out its virtues and the comrules. We often refer to the family terprise without pointing out its parative fruits of this and other

unit as the very basis of civilized virtues. For a generation now we systems, the tendency in this counsociety, and yet all will agree that have been teaching our people to try will be to demand that the govfamily life is not perfect—divorces depend upon government instead of ernment take over more and more

areunhappy—buttoo frequent,our someobjectivehomesis notare relyingdid ouruponpioneertheir forefathers.own initiativeOuras ofbilitiesthe economicand makeandmoresocialofresponsithe deto throw the family overboard, but freedom to work out our individual cisions for the people. This can

rather to work for the improvement destinies has already been abridged. result in but one thing: slavery of

of family relations. Even the We have been looking upon governthe individual to the state. This

churches of America are not perfect, ment as something apart from us seems to be the trend in the world but no sane American would recomand have failed to realize that we, today. The issue is whether the

mend that the churches be disthe people, are the government. For individual exists for the state or the

credited and discarded. We all a generation we have also been state for the individual.

recognize religion as the basis of making individual success unpopuIn a democracy the real danger true characterbuilding for which lar. There has been a tendency to is that we may slowly slide into a

the world is starving. refer to men who have cash to invest condition of slavery of the individThe evidence clearly indicates in tools and equipment for the use ual to the state rather than entering

interests—freedomthat our most cherishedof religion,rights freeand ofeconomicworkersroyalists,as "couponcapitalists,clippers,and thistion. conditionThe loss byof oura suddenlibertiesrevolumight

dom of speech and of the press, profiteers"—as though there were easily come about, not through the

right of assembly, right of petition, something inherently bad in it. Eviballot box, but through the death of

right of trial by jury, protection dence of this fact is found in the incentive to work, to earn, and save.

enterprise—arefrom search and allseizure,a partfreedomof theof highwritingsschoolandand discussionscollege students,of ourthe Suchabout a byconditiona seriesis usuallyof littlebroughtsteps

American way of life. Can commajority of whom, it is reported, which, at the time, seem justified by

munism, socialism, fascism, or any believe private enterprise is a failure a variety of reasons and which may 404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA on the surface appear to be laudable as to intent. It has been pointed out

that the more basic reasons offered by wouldbe planned economy advocates are: (1) "The desire tochange and control others, (2) the YOU ARE RIGHT

search for security, and ( 3 ) the desire of individuals or groups to improve their own economic status or that of others by means of direct UPTOgovernmental intervention/'Europe today is evidence of the fact WHEN YOU HAVE THESEDAmBOOKSthat one of the most common routes towards serfdom is followed by IN YOUR LIBRARYthose in search of economic security. Never has there been so much SCOUTING FOR THE MORTRUTH AND THE MASTER'S

apparent interest in security. Many MONS ON THE GREAT FRONTOUCH $2.00

programs so labeled have wide apTIER, $2.00 By James J. Unopulos, Jr.

peal. In order properly to appraise By Sidney and E. Kay Hanks Outside, looking in, a daring, retells sourceful, persistent security young socalled governmental manany Actionfilled of adventures one

efforts his of story to fascinating aplan, scouts. behind however, great must look Young's Brigham we ofA Lattersatisfy curiosity his the about to -willingness take of humor, sense socalled "progresits name. religion. their Many Saints day and this risks story to one man's make

attractively aresive"programs ladelight everyone who enjoys fun and A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS adventure.beled, are to preserve our and if we $1.50 MORMONISMfreedom and liberty, we must constantly analyze the nature of issues EXODUS TO GREATNESS $3.00 By Timberline Riggs

and programs and ignore labels that By Preston Nibley Awhosincere,dared interestingto challengestorymanyof acreedsman have been attached to them. Applauded by reviewers for its new, until he found the one which offered

satisfying comprehensible and of lives a vivid, portrayal the "Equality"is also a favorite term. complete, to live by. code Widely living in of 20,000 exiles, the AmeriMost people believe themselves to can wilderness in search of freedom. among inquisitive seekers. popular

in income; the average belowbe SMITH, AN AMERIto WHAT OF THE MORMONS? IOSEPH standtherefore feel they they $3.00 CAN PROPHET

gain through equalization via gov- $1.50

By John Henry Evansernmental intervention. All would By Gordon B. Hinckley

like to equalize with those who are Eager, inquisitive nonMormons ask Throughbestsellermanyamongeditions,friendsa andperennialinvesbetter off than they themselves. for this book to satisfy their curiosity tigators of the Latterday Saints. A

They fail to realize that incomes abouthistory theof thedoctrines,achievingpracticesMormons.and Macmillanus by specialpublication,arrangement.produced by

differ, and will always differ, because people differ in their economic THESE AMAZING MORMONS—By Joseph H. Weston $1.00drive and ability. The evidence

clearly indicates that government Another outsider looking in, under his own power, talks himself into enfor baptism.has been unable to prevent inequalthusiasm for the Latterday Saint way of life—-and then applies

ity of incomes and, further, that equalization efforts usually stifle And a bit of LAST MINUTE, SPECIAL GOOD BOOK NEWS!

initiative and retard progress to the The longawaited TRIPLE COMBINATION (Book of Mormon, Doctrine and extent that the real incomes of Covenants and Pearl of Great Price) Bible paper edition, leather, $7.50,

everyone are lowered. now available. First deliveries of large, new edition are now coming from

Many of our problems and danthe press.

gers center in the issues of socalled Order any of these books from your local book dealer or from fair prices, wages, and profits and the relationship between management and labor. We must realize DESERET BOOK COMPANY

that it is just as possible for wages 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah to be too high as it is for prices and profits to be excessive. There is a Please send me the following books as checked:

TRUTH AND THE MASTER'S SCOUTING FOR THE MORcourse, for almost oftendency, D D.. $2.00 $2.00 TOUCH MONS feel that his share is uneveryone to

fair whether it is or not. An effort EXODUS TO GREATNESS...$3.00 D MONISMSKEPTIC DISCOVERS MOR- $1.50

to adjust apparent inequities often WHAT OF THE MORMONS?.$1.50 JOSEPH SMITH, AN AMERI-

$3.00calls for government subsidies. Too D THESE AMAZING MORCAN PROPHET

often these are authorized without MONS $1.00 TRIPLE COMBINATION,...$7.50

the question,asking will pay "Who. ADDRESS of NAME our programfor them?"Much of

- --letting the government pay for it, Total herewith $ - (Plus 2% sales tax in Utah) (Concluded on page 406) JUNE 1948 405

Survival of the American Compare—and You'll Be Convinced

Way of life. c. P.

JAM AND JELLY PECTIN (Concluded from page 405)

Makes more glasses than other leading brands* "can be described as an attempt to yourself increasing by your Yet It Costs You No More better pay to yourself and then sending yourself the bill."The only safe

and solid answer is the mechanism of a free market operating in an enGet the new and larger package of M.C.P. JAM and vironment of really free private enJELLY PECTIN, and make

terprise and free competition. Here below). You'll (Recipe get 104 someoz—FreshmoreBerrythanJam14

sevenounce glasses—of the finest jam you ever everyone has a chance to cast his

yield made. This

vote in the election which will deFOR MORE YOURwillMONEYconvincewith youM.C.P.!that YOU GET

cide what is a fair price, fair wage,

ITS JAM AND JELLY and profit, and what should be proINSURANCE, TOO! duced and in what quantities. To

USE THIS RECIPE FOR FRESH BERRY JAM! *Names contradict the justice of that deci8V2 Cups Sugar 6 Cups Ground Berries on request sion is to contradict the whole con- 1 Package M.C.P. Pectin Variety) (Any

Wash, stem, grind 3 quarts fully ripe berries, or crush one cept of justice by the democratic to pulp. Measure so is reduced berry time layer each at a process. All will agree that the

to fill out berries, level (add water crushed cups exactly 6 last cup, if necessary), into large kettle. Add M.C.P. Pectin, democratic processes and the free

constantly. to boil, stirring stir well, bring add sugar NOW, boil. market—both parts of our American full rolling bring to a mix well, measured), (previously

of fire, let boil subway not perfect, from Remove 4 MINUTES. EXACTLY but BOIL life—are

sterilized into stir minutes. Pour for side, 5 by turns and skim they are believed to have fewer paraffin. fresh with for '/2-inch sealing space jars, allowing

(NOTE: For Strawberry Jam and B Jack RaspberryJam faults and to do a better job than

add other device. known A sure MAKES'/4-cup lemon14 juiceSEVENOUNCEto each 6 cups crushedGLASSESberries). any take way to a shortcut is to serfdom

S0Y0U GET MORE to discard the sovereign rights of all

FOR YOUR MONEY with M.C.P. the people in either the political or

economic realm.

TXE must remember that government assistance and control are essentially political provisions and that experience has demonstrated that, for that reason, they are not sufficiently stable to warrant their utilization as a foundation for sound economic growth under a free enterprise system. The best way—the American way—is still maximum

freedom for the individual guaranteed by a wise government which establishes and enforces the rules of the game. History records that

eventually a people gets the form of government it deserves. Good government, which guarantees the

maximum of freedom, liberty, and development to the individual, must be based upon sound principles, and we must ever remember that ideas and principles are either sound or unsound in spite of those who hold them. Freedom of achievement has

achieved and will continue to produce the maximum of benefits in terms of human welfare. Our way

of life is based upon eternal principles. It rests upon a deep spiritual

foundation which was established by inspired instruments of an allwise Providence.

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CHURCH IN CENTRAL AMERICA

(Concluded from page 371 that Union on April 17, 1839. The

the term is misleading because the present name, Repubtica de GuaSouth American Andes, which temala, was proclaimed in March terminate in northern Colombia, 1847.

have no genetic connection with the Today ninety percent of the Guamountains of Central America. The temalans are engaged in agricultural

Rocky Mountain chain of North pursuits. Coffee accounts for oneAmerica properly terminates in fifth of the cultivated land, and twosouthern Mexico. If the trends of thirds of the exports, followed by

the Andean and Rocky Mountain bananas, sugar cane, corn, beans, systems were carried forward from wheat, and cotton. Her forests are

their present termini, they would not important for the production of connect with each other but would chicle (chewing gum), a small pass the latitude of Guatemala in amount of rubber, and for dyeparallel lines almost two thousand woods and cabinet woods, such as miles apart. The Guatemalan peak, cedar, mahogany, and logwood.

Tajumulco, which pierces the sky at an altitude of 13,821 feet, is the (""'osta Rica is not unlike Guatemaloftiest in Central America. la in that it has mountainous

surprisingly short a within of the regions Alvarado, Pedro de one seacoast. distance the fromlieutenants The Today's Biggest Cortez, of conquered

Guatemala in 152324, and on July crator atop Poas Volcano is the 25, 1 524, proclaimed the sovereignty largest in the world. Its lowlands Bargain is

of Spain over it. After the conquest have a tropical climate, while above

all the territory now divided among an elevation of four thousand feet, the Central American countries was the climate is temperate. Like GuaElectric Service

included in the captaingeneralcy of temala, it has a railroad crossing its

Guatemala, one of the four governcountry, but when one desires to go ing units devised by Spain to keep north or south, the finely developed her New World holdings intact. air lines must be used. It costs so little

{The other nervecenters of SpanCosta Rica was discovered and ish rule were located at Mexico probably named by Columbus in and does so much

City, Mexico, in Peru, and in 1502. It was established by theArgentina. Spanish crown as a colony in 1540. in the territory we

of phases It has gone through many the to old Spaniards came The it serve. until today national development glory, for "gold, and WorldNew

gospel."And when there was work has a wellearned heritage and

to be done, they exploited the Intradition of solving its own probdians. And when the Indians as a lems and avoiding complications

race sickened and died (the white with other countries.man's disease of measles was more Voting is a privilege as well UTAH POWER

than a contributing factor in many as an obligation in this small nation.

regions), the Spanish imported the For failing to vote the first time

African Negro to take his place. there is a fine of five colones, the

fifty. time, is second there are so manyThat why LIGHT CO.

Coffee, bananas, and cacao are & counmestizos in some andNegroes tries of Latin America. the basic products of Costa Rican

Independence from Spanish rule agriculture and export. The mounwas proclaimed on September 15, tains yield such minerals as gold,

1821, but was shortlived as the silver, manganese, mercury, and people joined the Mexican empire sulfur, and there is an abundance of Skilled Hands balso, Iturbide cedar, dyewood, mahogany, on January 5, 1822.under

rosewood. representative of citiand M.ea"Higher Pay, l0mmAn assembly

zens of Guatemala and the other The Canal Zone is a United

Central American provinces deStates government reservation exclared themselves to be independent tending for five miles on each side of with reference to Mexico, Spain, the Panama Canal, but it does not Quish training has cities to thounations, paid dividends the of include all other "whether of Panamaand or iy f3* Students sands. repurchased from the or of the Colon. It World,"on was intensive the Old training ceive New

supervision of.under in 1904 Accordingly, 1, 1823. Republic by the one more of PanamaJuly expe'rts. iEa

'SEND "FOR FREEroll, anyCATALbatime. million dollars for ten theexperiment United States was tried when

United Provinces of Central Ameriplus a quarter of a million dollars SCHOOL OF

CULTURE MAIN, ca came into existence soon afterannually. In 1945, the area had a \W''8EBUTV338 SOUTH

wards. Guatemala seceded from civilian population of 48,351.

JUNE 1948 407 BEYOND THE ALPS (Continued from page 368) It's a good idea to think along find any so wonderful—never, never

Diplomas for Diplomats? these lines in the Primary schools, cease to see them or to write to

though, of course, moral education them. Some of this will be true. I

{")nce upon a time I knew a young should rightfully be the field of know a woman who still writes to man who was graduated from an home and religious training. an old school friend she hasn't seen

engineering school. This was in Schools should be built on solid for forty years. Some mature friendJune, and when I asked him about foundations, and by the time high ships are as tender and meaningful

his plans for the summer, he replied school and college are a part as when their owners wandered the that he intended to learn something of life, fundamental moral values halls of Bryan High together fifteen about engineering. should be so integrated with personyears ago. Some men are as loyal

"After all,"he said, "I expect to ality that no one need worry about after twenty years as when they make it my profession, and I must them. Unfortunately, this is not almade the tennis team or worked

know something about it."ways the case. Perhaps to encourover a debate angle together in col-

I thought he was being funny and age this integration, we need to give lege.

made blithe comment about "diour graduates recognition for these But all of these friendships can't plomas not usually being awarded moral values. "Mary Smith gradulast in full force. Time and circumto the completely ignorant."ates with highest honors in unselfish stances are sometimes too destrucBut Paul was serious. A little devotion—'above and beyond the tive. Other interests crowd our best

bluffing, a little "edging,"a little call of duty.''... "John Brown intentions. Death and distance

"applepolishing,"he said had got sometimes speak firmly, and we can him his diploma. "Oh, I did some only resign ourselves to losses and

studying, of course, but not nearly lessenings. Friendship is an Alpine

cJLetsenough. I was thinking mainly of trail that, if trodden with care, flowmarks, and I've had too good a ers constantly under foot. We entime."TALK IT OVER joy our vistas as we go. We need

That was several years ago, and I to give unstinted affection and symcannot believe that Paul's ignorance graduates as most outstanding man pathy and understanding right now, was quite as complete as he indiin establishing and living his but we need also to learn to relincated. Nor do I think that his exideals."... "Jane Doe receives the quish our hold when necessary. Few

perience is common. But neither do gold medal for the most understandhave time and energy to maintain

I think that every young man or ing heart."... "Richard Roe wins intimacy past the time when life dewoman who graduates from high the Altman trophy for clean living."mands our full powers in other dischool or college is as trained as he It would be a little hard to set up rections. Keep the old friends, of

should be or has a diploma's worth academic indexes and criteria for all course, if you can, but open your life of education "on tap."If your dithis, but perhaps we should try, and to new ones. Make friends wherever

ploma stands for real accomplishmaybe you are the group to bring it you are, among the true, the noble, ment, as well as diplomatic triumph about. The place to start is within and the congenial who will surround

treasure a very goodand you all of your life. time—then souls. your graduate Did you own

if it pride take in it. But it and

If with high moral honors? you did,

doesn't, better get out your engithe bounties of life are spread out Going Home yourneering books and them make before you—as a feast! Did you walk home from graduatrip. passes, Alpine Timesummer

and only by crossing this year's tion or did you ride? How many

Alps, can you enjoy next year's Goodbye to Dear Old corners did you turn? Even one

green fields. Sheridan High corner put the old school buildings

where you have spent so many hapHonors for a Graduate Tf you are leaving high school, your py hours completely out of your yearbook is filled with the autosight. Do you remember the other

Were you chosen most outstandgraphs and the funny or fond senticorners you've turned? The first

ing girl of Polytechnic? Did you ments of your friends. Upside, downday you went to kindergarten alone,

make Phi Beta Kappa? Are you side, all around the edgeside, run your mother waved until she was

graduating cum laudel Congratulathese missives. "You're a swell gal, lost to sight around the first corner.

tions! Everyone is happy for you. Joan."... "It's been great knowing And the day you moved from KanThe other day, a young friend of you."... "Never forget chemistry sas to Utah—what a corner thatours was writing a paper for an lab, old bean."... "To the best was—sometimes you feel that you

education class. sport and the truest pal."... took it on two wheels! Sometime,

"What's it all about?"I asked. "You're one of the sweetest and during its length, the war created

"Moral education in Primary friendliest girls ever."... So they a sharpangled turn for nearly

schools."go. Maybe they're a little overdone, everyone. Mine came in 1939.

"Just what does that mean?"but they're wonderful anyway. Perhaps you took the turn on Pearl

"Being a good kid—learning to You've outgrown most! of this in Harbor Sunday or perhaps when a

get along with others—to be fair college except for the underlining brother or boy friend went overseas.

and just and unselfish—as well as of a few choice friends. You'll never Values and relationships shifted

to learn to read and write."forget these school friends, never around—and fast. Life will con408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.

tinue to make corners for you, and your big mountain problem will lie in meeting these angles crisply and going on without too much regret.

Remember that even though you've left school, and the old buildings arehome—homeout of sight,to you'resuccess,on toyourjoy,wayto

happiness, to love, to work—to everything good.

Next Morning

hope you stretched lazily and took another luxurisnooze—just

ated. Because if you are like most

of the young graduates I know, you've been busy for months—

strenuously busy. There were music

festivals and art posters, and programs, and parties, and committees, and comprehensives, and other exams, and feverish early morning till late night working and studying.

Now for a little relaxation—a little

relief! Now for a chance to stretch,

lie in the sun, and invite your souls!

And then get busy—Mother might

like a lift with the housework or

Dad with the yard. Or maybe

you'vethat—what?a job linedIf you'reup. Anda beyondcollege ReadofHearingBelow.. An. theirImportantFriends,AnnouncementRelatives, or Employersto the Hard-..

graduate, you majored in something.

Maybe you weren't sure then and aren't sure now that you want it for with you're do just lifethat—start!work, but it'sYou'vea start.a treSo WORLD'S

mendous advantage over the unSmallest schooled because you have the stuHEARING dent's approach to life. Don't lose AID

it. Never give up studying, reading,

weighing, in your own valuing—first JUST

fields,field, secondly in kindred and M then in many fields. Keep an alert ) OUT!

mind. Graduation is not the end. It NEW 1948 MODELshould be the "commencement"literSILVER CIRCUIT"The With Amazing "MAGIC HAS Aally KOLOB of steady in the laboragrowth EVERY FOR small tiny Sensational tory reality. size—so of RISK this the POLICYTYPE OF holds And pocket unit into watch the entire can slip

whether are getting you married, A GENERAL with a special yet, of a man's

AGENCY transmits 2 to 6 INSURANCE trousers—powerful, it so to further schooling,going on or receiver

taking a job. Move on with the timesother aidsmore! Midgetsound sizeintensitymade possiblethan anyat Frank Salisbury, Mgr.

world. last by great wardiscovered secret

The girl who graduated twenyou'll"The Magicagree. Silver.. there'sCircuit!"no finer hearingTry it, aid!and

ty years ago economics in home is woefully the times behind today FREEWriteBOOKLET—Jusftoday for Freeoff thebookletPress!

unless she has remained an ardent containinginformation onlatestDeafnessscientificand student. It would take some kind of how it can be overcome. Write

special mental insulation to escape all foror employee.yourself, or friend, relative,

Dept. 0000knowledge in the of development Hearing Beltone Aid Co.,

III. 330 JUDGE BUILDING Phono 4-8451 Chicago 8, 19th Street, 1450 Westlast it two decades but supposing

possible, such an insulated mind the New 1948 would have no knowledge of solar heating, home pressure cooking, MONOPAC?

frozen L many BSome HEARING AID N N food, detergents—or for slips,a blouses. ParachuteY White Nylonother developments. The doctor $4.95 sq. yds.) (10 Five panels parachute

(Continued on page 410) CLARE'S, 1211 B St., San Mateo, Calif.

JUNE 1948 409 BEYOND THE AEPS (Continued from page 409) ed by learning all that is possible who gave up studying twenty years ahead of time. So even if you decide

ago and closed his mind in 1928, not to major in domestic managewould know nothing of the sulfas, ment, look the department over.

penicillins, streptomycins; nothing of Perhaps you'll want a few courses

the new ideas regarding baby care; in child development or family relanothing of the ambulatory treatment tions. Even the boys might be infollowing operations. The man or terested in and profit by these.

woman interested in clothing manufacturing would be without knowlNext Month edge of the new teen age, junior, and halfsize production. Industry In about a month after graduation

would have little awareness of pubor maybe less, you'll be thinking lic relations and labor relations as about what you have learned—not

they are practised today. The mernecessarily in chemistry or psycholchant would be woefully lacking in ogy, though that too is possible

information regarding new unit but in other ways. Perhaps you'll

control methods, cycle billing, ponder the problem of the individBEALL 46-U fashion coordination, or advanced ual versus the group, or just how practised humility can be much work. personnel FREEZER FOOD light one's "hiding a under Similar ignorance found without would be right in locker food a frozen Have

is the fine bushel."where Or just in every field and profession. Knowlbeautiful This your home. own

streamlined aluminum upright model edge has advanced everywhere, and line drawn between confidence and foot contains compartwill continue. advancement at We conceit? space this ment onezero—or 46 cubicbelow—all

five within reach. shelves, Or perhaps you've learned to use easy learning. are constantly Has In every sucbuilt-in four with sharp freeze of them clothof high "ill winds."Because cessful or those man woman—even at plates 20 contact. zero below on ably. to ing learned prices, you sew little of boast formal schooling who all for freezer ideal food around An

that you would never farm, home and commercial use.—you will find an alert student. If You know too

* Polished Aluminum inside and out you are tired of school today, the have chosen that odd and exacting * Full outer length door thought of a lifetime of study may professor of history, but from him k doors inner Three deal learned about get- a great you k Call But don't. you groan. to clean make

difficult k Sanitary—easyAmple storage space ting people and along with this particular or mountain an Alp

temperature * Automatic control just a tall peak in the Rockies, it about systematic study. Or rememSix-inch Fiberglass insulation *

* Troublefree compressor still makes a fascinating and stimuber the morning following the last lating climb. You'll love every step heavy snowstorm. You were disapof the way. pointed. You had planned a spring BEALL hike that Saturday, but instead you

PIPE & TANK CORP. Your Graduation Slant went skiing, and on that day finally

got the hang of stem turns. Perhaps

Tod Ice Company Tf you are graduating from high you have learned to convert all your

S. 27th 3500 East—Salt Lake City, Utah

literature Please Gentlemen: send on school, perhaps you plan on coldisappointments to some good.

46 cu. It. D 22 cu. it D 2-temperature lege. If so, resolve to get an intelliOr you've learned that work canunits

Name gent lead on where you're headed not wait on ideal conditions. At

Address and what you want to study. Take first maybe you thought that studyCity State.. some aptitude tests. They aren't ing could be done only when the

perfect, but they help. Consult your room was quiet and your mind

own feelings. What studies make composed—when you weren't woryou feel happy and at home (of ried about the basketball game comcourse, discounting the effect of the ing up tomorrow, the Sunday School

In handsome or charming teacher)? report waiting for you to compile,

Pray about it. You'll find your bent or the baffling moods of your best

'The Improvement Era'—there's nothing surer. girl. But you learned finally that

Next Month If you're a girl and hope to marry, "deadlines"arrive, that time and investigate the home economics tide wait not upon man's convencourses. I am numbered among ience. You learned to disregard

"J/ul ChwvdL those who believe that any intelliyour headache and write that book ir gent person can learn to cook, to report regardless of a chilly room budget, to organize work and manand inadequate elbow space. Or

age a home without benefit of the you learned to study your astronoby classroom. But I am also convinced my with fingers in your ears while

that there is less opportunity for the Father listened to the radio. When

Alma Sonne everyday training in a busy home you are much older, you may rate a

President, European Mission than there once was, and that much private study and a secretary to trouble and heartache can be avoiddivert telephone calls and keep ev410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA erything hushhush. But until then

to learned you've not be outwitted be it must done when do done—regardwhat must be Do

less. Or have you? And I know you've learned someby Noxious Weeds

thing about faith, for by prayer you were able to recall things in your "finals"you had forgotten, and CARBON honest effort gave you power to ask help and to receive it. BISULPHIDE

Try this summer thinking such things through. Maybe you'll beWILL SOLVE YOUR PROBLEM WITH A

come a wise and vital person as well you'll become a graduate. as Maybe MACK ANTIWEED GUN

climber of all ]## best mountain the time with the most glorious viewClean up that stubborn weed patch and have point ahead—"Beyond the Alps!"land producing profitable crops in 40 days. This

/ chemical will also control Nematodes, Wireworm, and Garden Centipede by a single application.

It is not nor a spray a is a highly Universe the Exploring powder—it

volatile liquid that will give satisfaction when page 353) u (Concluded from

A N electronic metal detector has been injected into the soil. Deeprooted weeds are

developed to find unexploded killed at the roots.

projectiles in the timber being cut at Send for our free circular 212P for further facts.

Fort Lewis, Washington.

WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER /"ne of the most interesting recent

Division of Stauffer Chemical Company developments is the discovery of a relation between heat rays and the 636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 sense of smell. The sense of smell detects odors by those substances filtering

out heat rays inside the nose. Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

Oeach yields can be increased sometimes as much as 150 to 200 bushels to the acre by improved soil manage- - - -ment practices it has been found at the SUMMER SCHOOL

Utah Agricultural Experiment Station. the best time to get ahead!

"Phe Portuguese manof-war is a kind Spend this summer taking intensive training at the of jelly fish, disklike in shape,... and be that much aheadwhich feeds on common sea fish. It L. D. S. Business College

floats on top of the water and has a of those who wait till next fall. Register any school

sail, or bladder. This bladder is only

a small part of the animal but about day for beginning or advanced work. The school is

the sizehalf a football. the of Below fully approved for G.I. training.

long tenhangsurface the of water tacles or feelers, some up to sixty Special rates /or returned missionaries.

feet long, which contain a poison that is released when touched by a fish. The Ask for free bulletin of information.

poison paralyzes the fish and the tentacles pull it up to the bladder for digestion. LD.S. Business College

70 North Main Salt Lake City Tel. 3-2765

Tn polar regions the sound and noise levels may be so low that footsteps on the snow several hundred yards away can be heard, Dr. M. C. CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATEShelesnyak reports. HOTEL LANKERSHIM INCOME 7th & BROADWAY v BUSINESS

to $75,000 BATES MODERATE Homes—$7,500

in Los Headquarters LD.S. Anaeles See of Glendale I. A. Weber West Ward Operator FRANK associated with H. Manaoer R. BECKETT.WISH0N, RAYA new men's hat made of wool and

treated with a plastic under heat LOS ANGELES J. W. MATHEWSON

California 621 Glendale, Ave., N. Centralwill never shrink or lose shape and will TWO PERSONS ONE CHARGE"

22121 Citrus Los Angeles Chapmanshed water. 51718

JUNE 1948 411 LOOKING AHEAD WITH GREATER HOPE (Concluded from page 369) many and for many years president Young following the plan of settleinstitution of high learning. Also of Brigham Young Academy (now ment laid out by Joseph Smith, prorequired are certain credits in Brigham Young University), may posed that each family should own

psychology, health education, pracwell be called the dean of Utah a building lot in the community with tice teaching, and other subjects fitteachers. He and his students have twenty acres of farm land out in the

ting the individual for a professional dominated the molding of Utah's "fields,"and a common pasture for career in this field. Extra salary ineducational efforts for fifty years. livestock. These twentyacre fields

ducements are offered for postPresident Maeser's place is being in some instances, have been engraduate training, and some districts filled by one of his students, Dr. larged; in others, divided into

place additional value on travel. But John A. Widtsoe, formerly presismaller units; but essentially this

most young people preparing for dent of the Utah State Agricultural pattern of land ownership has not teaching have had experience beCollege, later president of the Unichanged. The department of agrifore finishing college training. versity of Utah, and an apostle in cultural economics at Utah State

Church leaders are continually seekthe Church since March 17, 1921. Agricultural College has found from

ing talented young people to teach He is a brilliant scientist and has research that the present units are in the priesthood as well as the Suncontinued as a great educational too small to supply an adequate inday School, Young Women's and leader. come for the average family. ExYoung Men's Mutual Improvement Dr. George Thomas, president pansion of agriculture, however, has

Associations, and Primary. By the emeritus of the University of Utah, reached a limit beyond which it will

time many of these young men and a fine teacher and scholar, has been be expensive to develop additional women are prepared to go into the a dominant figure in the field of acres of cultivated land. Industrial

state school system, they have had higher education for more than expansion offers some hope, but opfrom one to four or five years of thirtyfive years. At Utah State portunities under normal conditions

teaching experience where condiAgricultural College, Dr. E. G. do not develop fast enough to abtions for success depend entirely Peterson, the immediate past pressorb the young people who are beupon their own resourcefulness. ident, has championed the dignity coming available. Further division

And when teachers of the Latterof farm people and their way of life. of land holdings would bring about

day Saint faith go into a community, His influence extends far beyond a condition approaching peasantry they are often called upon to do the borders of the college campus.—the ill effects of which I have seen

dividouble duty—to teach not only the Franklin S. Harris, formerly presiin this part of the world—and

regular secular course of study in dent of Brigham Young University sion of other sources of livelihood the school, but also to teach religious and now directing the destinies of is likewise not desirable. The result

subjects in the priesthood or one of the Agricultural College, is a man is that Utah's young people and the auxiliaries. of international reputation in the their parents realize that there is

StrainHow much this training for teachfield of agricultural development. only one solution—training.

ing, along with the personal attriBut what is probably even more iming resources, parents make every butes of the teachers, affects school portant, as a teacher he has stimueffort to provide education for their attendance is difficult to say. It lated hundreds of students to greatchildren; and furthermore, the stuprobably helps, but this is hard to er accomplishment. William Peterdent knows that he may have to

establish quantitatively. Certainly it son, former geologist and Experileave the state to find a market for

does have an influence in stimulatment Station director, recently rehis services. This means keen coming students to greater effort. In tired as Agricultural Extension dipetition, and to meet the future with

this, other factors are also involved, rector. He is an authority on land assurance, he puts forth greater efbut few persons cannot recall a problems and is considered by many fort in preparation. This is one of

teacher who stands out as a guiding students as one of the great teachthe reasons for the proportionately light. In my own case, I experienced ers of the state. Many other outlarger numbers of students attendthis in a oneroom school in weststanding teachers could be mening college in Utah, and the high acern Wyoming. The teacher was tioned. complishment of those who have

well mannered and mentally stimuYounger men are now emerging completed their basic training.

lating. After two years under this who later will be remembered for In presenting the data herein disman, I was headed for high school their able direction. Educational cussed and other facts as a possible

and college. leaders are much like artists: their explanation of Utah's position in

worth in many instances is not recthe education field, I had no inten- [ should like to mention some of the ognized until near the end or after tion of implying that Latterday leaders at the college level who the close of their careers. UnquesSaints are a superior group of peo-

I believe have been influential in ditionably, inspiring leaders and wellple. The accomplishments have

recting education in Utah during the trained, skilful teachers can be come about largely as a result of a latter part of this centennial period. counted as factors responsible for combination of factors and circumIt is difficult to single out individuals Utah's educational accomplishstances involving good health, hard

and say that one has had more inments. work, fine teaching, economic necesfluence than another, but judging Every achievement of this kind sity, and a stimulating religious

from results, Dr. Karl G. Maeser, a has its economic aspects. Utah is a philosophy, associated with rigorous

Latterday Saint convert from Gerstate of small farms. Brigham missionary experience.

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

On the Bookrack M.

{Concluded from page 383) we theBndeto-]8eLOUIS PASTEUR (Laura N. Wood. Illustrated. Julian

Messner, Inc., New York. a grocery Shower L\1948. $2.75.)

/\NE of the rare biographies of this Be Sure to Include year, the book on this great sci- *< Fisher's Bislcit Mix entist, deserves to be widely read and Among the Gifts!

his precepts followed. He was truly a

great person, one who loved his fellow I men, and dealt justly with them—but

them. CUPVD/S to kindly thanmore akes coke) that—was 9y4

sufsuffered others genuinely god 'when (SoHe CUPCAKES cupShortwfl cops this intensefered, capacity and it was 5090 "for suffering that probably set him on VAC** his humanitarian path. His family life, onMS

both as son and as husband and father, furnishes inspiration in this day of easy divorce. His great contributions

to science, and through science to life are discussed intelligently and interestingly in this exceptional—M.biography.C. /.

Women Agree-"!t's Better.: ".*

MISS MALLETT (Burke Boyce. Harper and Brothers, JilSKVT

New York. 1948. 247 pages. $2.75.) SHOUT CUT TO SHORTCAKE—"T\elightfully refreshing is this novel of Miss Mallett who went reThe Good OldFashioned Kind bbT

luctantly into the teaching profession only to find that she could not leave F I 5 H E R FLO U R I N G M ILL SCO.; SEA T T L E

it. There is a timeliness about the

book, too, for it comes when most of us are aware of the inadequacy of the teachers'salaries for the work they give.

If this than nothing more book does "Prelude To The Kingdom"of the its readerssend back to some bestloved literature of all time, it will By Gustive O. Larson

have served a very useful purpose.

But it does more than that, for it shows Marshall Jones Company, Francestown, New Hampshire, how devotion to a cause can be its Publishers own reward.

The publishers are to be commendedalso for the publication of a novel that $2.75

maintains morality throughout its Reviewers throughout the nation are commending this thorpages. M. C. J. ough, factual study of the great cooperative enterprises by

which the Latterday Saints practiced what they preached

SO YOUTH MAY KNOW about sharing the restored gospel and its fruits with others, (Roy E. Dickerson. Association Press, and about brotherly love, helpfulness, economic independence

New York. Reprinted 1948. through mutual aid and cooperation—a thesis being applied

259 pages. $2.50.) anew in the present Latterday Saint welfare plan and deserv-

"Decommended by such agencies as ing of application for a faminestricken world today.

the American Social Hygiene Association, the Library American Asso- 4 tPRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM"ciation, the Parent's Y.M.C.A., Magazine, American Journal of Public

Health, as well as recognized individuals closely associated youth, with this DESERET BOOK CO in invaluable sex eduhas provedbook 44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah cation for the middle and late teens.

This edition is the twelfth and is comPlease send copies of "PRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM"pletely revised and enlarged. Parents at $2.75.*

with boys and girls of this age will find NAME ADDRESS...

it helpful, both for their youngsters and 'Plus 2% Sales Tax in Utah for themselves.—M. C. J.

JUNE 1948 413...

The Child's BIBLE Z)k16 ontk With

Special helps for children and young folks. The ideal CHURCH PUBLICATIONS

Bible for gifts and awards.

was written by Gladys I. Hamilton of

123. Flexible, No.

Colorado. overlapping covThe Children's Friend..

ers of genuine articles special as Several household leather, round QUALITY Smith's Albert George President well usual includthe poetry, as good corners, amin address, April conference MADE ber under which ing frontispiece the "Petals poem, and gold edges, at announced he the erection an early Willes Wangsgaard, Wings"by Eva headbands Children's date Primary of the new... $4.00 intensify interest KING JAMES the reader of the magin the Hospital, will be printed June azine. The editorial concerns Father's VERSION

Clark, President magazine. J. Reuben Day.

Jr., heads the special features for parThe cover is from a photograph by

ents with his article, "Need to In- L. V. McNeely, photographer for the

struct Children."ngrtonaiNational Deseret News, and is titled "Roses."

SINCE 1863... AT Y O Ubibles& BO O K S TO RE stories for young folk also Many

liven the pages of this magazine. "Just

a Squall"Hawkes, by Hester "The The Instructor.. Twiffle Twins"Y. Knoop, by Faith

JUNE 1948 ADVERTISERS "The Porcupine and the Beaver"by TDeatured in the June Instructor are

Beall Pipe and Tank Co 410 Clarence M. Lindsay are some of the talks given in the Sunday evening

session of general School conSunday Beltone Hearing Aid Company 409 somefascinatingBoy ofstories.the BarTheBar serial,A by LoneChar- held tabernacle. ference April 4 in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co Back cover lotte Martin, concludes in the June isThe following are included: "The

Bookcraft Company..397 sue. Dynamic Force of Habit in our Lives,"

Brigham Young University 403 Of special interest is "Starring the Milton Bennion, general superintendCarroll F. Clark 409 Birds,"pictures from the prizewinning ent, Deseret Sunday School Union

Deseret Book Company 405, 413 motion picture, Bill and Coo. "Fun Board; "What the Sunday School Has

Cornwall, with Music"Life,"by Robinson, Marilyn J. Spencer Done in my

Deseret News Press.. 400 illustrated Wolters, Fred by for 1948; the SunJr., conMiss Utah "What

Fels & Company 387 tinues to prove of great value in day School Habit Has Done in My

Fisher Flouring Mills 413 teaching music appreciation to children. Life,"Crawford Gates, composer of

W. P. Fuller Company 391 Cutouts and color pages as well as "Promised Valley"; "What the SunGeneral Insurance Co 415 pictureazine. Thestories,regularall addfeatures,zest to thesuchmagas dayHome,"SchoolMadelineHabit B.HasWirthlin;Done "Whatin My

Hall's Remedy 403 the page on good reading by Abbie the Sunday School Habit Has Done in

Kolob Corporation - 409 Wells and good radio programs by My Stake,"Bryant S. Hinckley;

L.D.S. Business College 411 Miriam Taylor, and material from "What Sunday School Has Done in

Lankershim Hotel 411 young contributors are included in this the Isles of the Sea,"Catherine N.

of the magazine, number the School Sunday which also Kanekoa; "WhatMario Packing 358 for mission, has material neighborhood, B. Europe,"Habit Has Hugh Done in

Mathewson Realty, J. S 411 and home Primaries. Brown; and "What Habits Will Pupils

M.C.P. Pectin Company 406 Learn of You,"President David O.

Morning Milk 390 McKay. This is a worthy collection

Mountain Fuel Supply Company The Relief Society Magazine.. of testimonials for Sunday School

Inside front cover work and will be quoted widely

National Bible Press 414 HThe June issue of the Relief Society throughout the Church.

editorial this Bennion's Dr. Milton like a Magazine reads field dayOverland Greyhound Lines...390

is the Matter is issue on "What's article With lead for housewives. The

Purity Biscuit Company 353 "Women and Narcotics"by Dr. Jothe Human Race?"Instalments number

Quish Beauty School 407 seph F. Merrill of the Council of the six are included on the following conRogerson's Music & Appliance Co 395 Twelve and is very stimulating. In tinued features: "Latterday Saint SetRoyal Baking Company.. 409 addition to the continued story, Quests tlement in Canada,"by C. Frank

ing Lights by Belle Watson Anderson, Steele; "Latterday Saint Colonization

Sego Milk Company 357 there are two other stories. One has in Mexico,"by Thomas C. Romney;

Utah Engraving Company 400 a Mexican theme and is titled interestand "The Book of Mormon—A Guide

Utah Home Fire Insurance Company....401 ingly enough, "A House by Friday,"to Religious Living,"by Dr. Lowell

Hotel Utah 406 written by Fay Tarlock of CaliforBennion. Regular departments are in*

UtahIdaho Sugar Company nia; the other story, "Far Country,"eluded.

Inside back cover Utah Oil Refining Company 401 Utah Power & Light Company 407

Van Camp Sea Food Company 355 Western Waxed Paper 356 Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer 411 414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, THESE TIMES (Concluded from page 355) the broad principles of the program has be screened by the FBI for loyalty to been negotiated between the United the United States.

realistic,States, while nevertheless acthe States sixteen and European office, assuming exna- Tn Mr. Hoffmancepts principle the of international ortions; specific, treaty, detailed (2) a

the that pressed determinationganization. to treaty, the general conforming has

"Western Europe can be saved only been negotiated between the United "VTSTith the exception of current emerStates and each recipient. The Act bythat Westernwith AmericanEuropeans,"help, thesebut nationshoped

gency sums made available on the also provides that aid may be termicould increase their production onebasis of temporary "letters of agreenated whenever, "because of changed third, or to about $135,000,000,000 a ment"negotiated by the Department conditions, assistance is no longer conyear. The general political significance

of State, no cooperating country will sistent with the national interest of the of the ECA will be discussed in a subreceive any loan or grant until ( 1 ) a United States."An additional safesequent issue of The Improvement

general multilateral treaty expressing guard requires every ECA employee to Era.

leaders Win Honor

(Concluded from page 358) Lehi; Wayne R. McTague,* Darrel G.

Hansen, William T. Hyde, III, Elmo

Young, William B. Sykes, Will Reinschiissel, and John H. Laursen, American Fork; Jack J. Warner and Howard

Zabriskie, Spanish Fork; Robert Baird

and James D. Garner, Payson; Alfred

S. Bennett, Provo; Louis H. Cutler,

Springville.

Cache Valley Council: Aubrey

Griffin, Trenton, Utah; Elbern R. Kent,

Lewiston, Utah; Delbert Egan, Richmond, Utah; Charles H. Merrill, Preston, Idaho.

Other: Mark L. Webster, Idaho

Falls, Idaho; Dean Devenish,* Pasadena, Calif.; Wendell Payne, Gridley,

Calif.; Ben Leatham, Chico, Calif.;

Ben L. Cofft, Grass Valley, Calif.;

Gene Barrow, Yuba City, Calif.

Explorer Leaders Salt Lake Area Council: Hal E.

Enos, Alfred L. Rueckert, Knight B.

Kerr, and Rue Sanders, Salt Lake City;Harold Carpenter, Sandy. Get under this "umbrella"!

Ogden Area Council: Martella T. You want "rain"but not the kind General's Farmers Special BlankNelson, Brigham; Floyd J. Penrod, of trouble that's raining on this et Liability Policy protects you

There are nearly 3 against practically conceivevery E. Call, and Harold A. Koumbrella.Malynn

million farm accidents ranch and able hazard ranchandfoed, Ogden. and deaths cost yearl each ers. This They policy does ONEto famousfarmers

Utah National Parks: Vergene W. a billion dollars! Evit all! It gives such practical and

Ford, Vaughn Wonnacott and Harold ry landowner faces thorough protection that thouBailey, Provo; Lorin E. Millett,* scoresards thatof seriouscould wipehaznowsandsenjoyof progressivethe security landownersit provides.

Blaine McClellan, JuniorOrem; will his financial seIt pay you to write for com- W. GENERAL outcurity. Payson; plete Haskel, Francis informationAllan, and

Jay R. Bingham, Springville. Cache Valley Council: E. B. PitchMAIL THIS CDUPDN TODAY!

er, Cornish, Utah.

Other: Cannon C. Anderson, St. GENERAL OF AMERICA COMPANIES Salt Lake City, Utah

4, Excelcis South, 2nd 8 West Salt Lake City L. Parker* andAnthony, Idaho; John

of the the cost I TELL SPECIAL Building,FARMERS POLICY. BLANKET 1 understandUtah SuiteME Falls, Idaho Idaho that this inquiry does in not obligateMark L. Webster, way. any me

Norman L. Mathison, Rigby, Idaho

Charles Nichols, Yuba City, Calif. My Name

Thomas Hodgkin, Gridley, Calif.; Carl Mail Address

Carlin, Oroville, Calif.; T. Leroy Lambert, San Francisco, Calif.; John H. Phone....

Peterson, Blackfoot, Idaho; Richard NOTE: This advertisement is not intended as a complete statement of coverage

W. Miller, St. Anthony, Idaho. beprovidedreviewedby thiswith plan.you byOnlythe theGeneralpolicyAgent.itself provides this informaton, and will

* Second year winners JUNE 1948 415

0WX 5WD.;0is

"SPEAK THE SPEECH"L.D.S. OF SERVICEMEN'S HOMES it is series of ADDRESSES said that a is language? Someone What 1104 24th St., Calif. Cor. 24th little & "C,"San Diego, music. But language groans and grunts and little,

is much more than that. It is at once the history of mankind 1836 Alice St., Oakland, Calif.

and man's vision of the future. Each of us needs to develop 615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

a thoroughgoing respect for words. One way we indicate 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

our respect for words is by our correct pronunciation of them.

One word especially we should pronounce carefully. It is the Naval Station Services

lies in this religious of a people word Lord. The heritage L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

is literature simple but allimportant symbol. enhanced World information

line: this by

S. services "L. D. are held Friday each p.m. in at 8

is all excellent Lord, our O, thy Lord name in how the Frazier Hall, St., 28th Norfolk Station, 245 West Naval

earth! line of the 8.) (Psalm our beauty depends upon The Norfolk, Virginia."

correct pronunciation of the word, Lord. The o should be

pronounced as the o in the word north—not as an a as in the

word lard.

Suspicious Dear Editors:

After reading your article on "Movies"in the January issue Conscientious citizen: "I couldn't serve as a juror, Judge.

of the.Era, I decided to express my ideas as you sugOne look at that fellow convinces me he's guilty."

right. I feel of the pictures were gested. are Most you "Shsh! Judge: That's the district attorney."—The Rotarctic, trash just as of the current are most magazines Fairbanks, and novels. Alaska.

Yet, I enjoy a good show tremendously, especially as I am a busy mother and get little recreation. The highclass musicals

in technicolor are a delight to me. Perfect Cooperation

There is one matter regarding shows which I think needs serious consideration. That is about the shows given in For several months a jeweler had noticed a man stopping

wards as budget recreation. Our ward has them, but ninety outside his window each morning to check his watch with the

percent of them are trash. They major in drinking and jeweler's clock. One morning the jeweler said to him, "I have

smoking, and many hold up wrong ideals. I quit going benoticed you stopping here every morning to check your watch,

cause they are such trash. I don't like our children to go, and I'm glad that I can be of some service to you."

but their pals go and it is at the Church, so I haven't had "I'm the engineer over at the iron works,"the man replied.

them quit yet. I do wish the leaders could give us more "I blow the whistle by my watch, which I check every mornguidance in this regard, and in choosing better shows. ing with your clock before I go to work."

Yours truly, "That's a good one on both of us!"exclaimed the jeweler,

by Homer Mrs. Joseph E. Wells Bradley"for I setMiller,my clockSan withAntonio,your Texas.'whistle."—Submitted

Edmonton, Alberta Dear Editors: Covered Up

VT'es, you guessed it, I am returning home from a twoyear mission, and you can rest assured that I want the Era to "Poor man, he was ruined by untold wealth."

remain with me, whether in the mission field or at home. "How?"

Thank you kindly, "He didn't tell about it in his income tax report."—The

Owen S. Merrill Wheel of Fortune, San Antonio, Texas.

Dear Editors: Word of Caution

".. article, read T 1aving your I to so the. and Movies,"am this Sales manager: big item "What's your on expense * puzzled. *

account?"I live in a small the town majority the of where people are Traveling salesman: that's "Oh, hotel my Mormons. a Once movie, have week a sponsored we the by Sales manager: don't "Well, buy any more bill."hotels."—Marincluded in Church, the budget. these are well shows Now Ohio.

attended, but they are not entertainment, if good even we RotaGram, "Stripped Gears,"Rotarian, April 1948. The—FromMarietta, don't consider the of things referred in to article. any your

Occasionally we have a good show, but at least threefourths are "westerns"or detectives and a serial that is always a blood and thunder impossibility. No Argument

Mrs. Erma Van Tassell A young woman had been trying on hats for some time

when the clerk volunteered:

Provo, Utah "Now, that is the most becoming hat you've tried on so

Dear Editors: far."

/Congratulations on your article, "And So the Movies,"The customer replied: "I agree with you entirely; it's my

V* in the current Era. It opens up a vital question which own."

concerns every Latterday Saint family and probably should receive more attention from all of us.... --

Cordially yours, Oliver R. Smith Dear Editors:

Please permit me to congratulate you and your fellow workers upon your activities in making The Improvement Era

Orem, Utah finest to the in magazines be found one of the anywhere

Dear Editors: I of appreciative the world. fine high standard most and am

enjoyed "And So the Movies"very much. It is what I quality which characterize the material used in it and the

I have thought for a long time. But how are we to tell what whole spirit of the Era.

pictures to see? Parents can't go to all the pictures in order I am proud to belong to the people whom it represents to

to find out which ones their children should go to.,.. the world.

Your brother, Most sincerely yours,

Reed Hacking (signed) L. Weston Oaks, M.D.

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an| SUGAR Perfect for all your canning or freezing, from earliest berries to autumn fruits.

Conserve this summer's fruit crop for next winter's need.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CO.

General Offices: Salt Lake City

Factories in Five Western States T

The Cherry Harvest...

The world is a lovely place when cherries are red and skies are blue! "%: f

Summer is young and winter seems too far away to think about. Yet

even now, thrifty housewives are lining shelves with jars of luscious fruit. *U Forward looking men

and women --in life's early years-- carry life insurance to protect their loved onesand themselves -should there come a time of need,

0-fh <*$&- j&

t >i:.::'"-; --:f, u * %*%

: 1:': #

Spy

George Albert Smith, rres, Salt Lake City. Utah

RETU RN POSTAGE GUARANTEED SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH