safe** "'#.

1.;*%& '''''4 1

IK mm, 't'.'iKt: j-.

ujj,., Orient & Pacific Lines ships sail from San Francisco, Los Angeles, Vancouver. Photograph bv Tom Hollyman.

Australia? Fiji? Hawaii? Where will you be when you land—

liner is at Suva in the Your trip is just as exciting between ports.YOUR Orient & Pacific

Fiji Islands. Six sunlit days ago you were in Each Orient & Pacific liner has two swimming

Hawaii. In another six you'll be in Australia. pools and thousands of feet of open deck for

The men on the pier belong to the Fiji sun and games. At night there are brilliant parMilitary Forces Band, which greets you with a ties and dances. Your meals are prepared by

stirring concert. (Captain Cook got a different chefs trained on the Continent.

reception. He called these the Cannibal Islands.) What does a vacation like this cost? As little

Fiji is a fascinating place to explore. You can as $24 a day! Round trips to Australia start at

shop for primitive art and rare sea shells. Have $604 -to the Far East at $640

a suit made to measure by an Indian tailor in Orient & Pacific Lines: Suite D, 210 Post St.,

six hours. Or turn back the clock at a native San Francisco. Cunard Line: General Passenger

feast and listen to old Polynesian songs. Agents in United States and Canada.

All the flavor is not in the cheese

(or the salad or dip or soup, or whatever you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

A Recent Study

A recent study by UNESCO found that at least fifty percent of scientific literature is in languages which more than half the world's scientists cannot read. Nearly twothirds

of the engineering literature is in

English, but more than twothirds of the world's professional engineers cannot read English, while a still larger proportion of Englishreadingengineers cannot read scientific Your favorite cheese or cheese spread—tasty

literature in other languages. as it may be—is even more delicious with the

perky flavor of Saltines by Purity... so fresh

and crackling crisp, so really special.

Study of Primitive Tribes When the appetizer, or the snack,

A study of the primitive tribes of calls for crackers, taste what aMexico, Guatemala, and Peru by

Drs. Hans H. Neumann and N. A. difference Saltines by

DiSalvo has confirmed that soft diets and lack of exercise contribute to the Purity makes.

presence of caries in "higher"civilizations. The natives didn't use

toothbrushes or toothpaste; they ate

diets high in carbohydrates, even containing simple sugars; and the

water had too little fluoride to be important. The diets included materials such as hard, crusty bread or

nuts. The Peruvians can exert a

force of 184 pounds with their jaws, the Mexicans 168 pounds, while

American athletes averaged 127 At your favorite grocer's pounds. in 1 and 2 pound cartons

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

NOVEMBER 1958 785 The Improvement Era, The Voice of the Church, Volume 61, Number 11, November 1958

Ofhcial organ of the priesthood quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, ward teachers, Music Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Power of Prayer President David O. McKav 806

Your Question: Biblical Evidence that Joseph Smith Was Called of God

President Joseph Fielding Smith 808

Preliminaries to the RestorationCone. Milton V. Backman, Jr. 846

The Presidents of the Church 825 to 844

The Church Moves On, 802; Melchizedek Priesthood; Priesthood Quorums in the

Missionary Cause, 820; The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 822.

Special Features

"Ah, Wilderness"—The Beginning of Adolescence (So That's

What Boys Are Made Of)-V W. Cleon Skousen 810

Exploring With Books 813 Leadership Development: The Three Ts"Sterling W. Sill 816

Good Teaching and Discipline DonF. Colvin 818

Through the Eyes of Youth: "Wickedness never Was Happiness"

John Harmer 824 The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 852, 860, 864, 882

Exploring The Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 785; Letters and Reports, 791; These

Times, The National Defense Act of 1958, 796; A Recording for Church Organists, 859.

Today's Family: The Family that Reads Together, Elizabeth Larimore 866

Don't Keep the Children in the Dark about Family Finances

Florence J. Johnson 870

Stories, Poetry

this cover Our month The Gold Poke Martinsen Lee 814 fullcolor a reproduction Poetry 812, 854, 859, 860, 879, 882 ofis oil painting an of the Sacred Grove, Palmyra, New York. The

painting, Elder by Frank David O. L. and Richard Editors; Evans, McKay L. Green, Editor; Doyle Managing Magleby, hangs now C. Josephson, Associate Marba Editor; Managing Moffitt, Elizabeth Editor; Production J. in the Eastern States

Zobell, Albert L. Jr., Editor; Research Kinnear, Editorial Associate; John Florence B. Mission home, Pinnock, Today's Editor; Family Ralph Reynolds and Directors. Maryon, Art Ed City. York New

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter,

Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager;

Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director; Thayer Evans,

Regional Advertising Representative.

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

Copyright 105S Funds, by Mutual Inc., and the Mutual Associations published by Improvement of the Church Christ of Jesus

Saints.of All rights Latterday reserved. price, Subscription a year, $2.50 in advance; foreign subscriptions, in a year, $3.00

singleadvance; copy. 25c

Office,Entered at the Post Salt as Lake matter. secondcrass City, Utah Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage

in for sectionprovided 1103. 1917, Act of October 2, 1918. authorized July

is EraThe responsible not for Improvement unsolicited but manuscripts, contributions. welcomes Manuscripts arc paid for on

acceptance at rate the of a Use sufficient word must and be for accompanied postage by delivery return. and

Thirty notice days'for required of address. change ordering a please change, include slip When address issue from a recent

of the magazine. Address changes cannot unless the old address is as well as be made the included. one new

786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

:.m Wsm

.. Give the gift that endures

There's a book for every age and taste at m

'M. W.

Answers to Gospel Questions

-VOL. II Joseph Fielding Smith

In this second volume, President Smith gives answers to fifty vital questions, many of which have Christmas shop the easy way never been presented to the public before. Among—from your chair at home.

these, answers on: nonsegregation, guided missiles Use convenient gift order

and interplanetary travel, the authority of Jesus, blank on page 790.

cremation of the dead, and others.

$2.50 VOLUME l-$2.50

Pocket Triple Combination me Handy, portable triple combination—Book of

Mormon, Price—boundDoctrinein genuineand Covenants,black leatherPearlwithof Greatfab- m

ric lining. Clear legible type.

$6.00 White Leather-$6.75 Hwers

NOVEMBER 1958 787 A Century of Singing

J. Spencer Cornwall

J. Spencer Cornwall, conductor of the

Tabernacle Choir from 1935 to 1957, writes an allinclusive dramatic book on this inspired 111year-old singing organization. It is filled with many colorful

anecdotes and is highly entertaining as well as informative.

$3.25

He That Liveth Doyle L. Green

This family book, a must for parents and children to read and discuss together, about Jesus the Christ, is written by the managing editor of The Improvement

Era and answers a real need in the Church. Ten

masterpieces from the facile brush of the master

Danish painter, Carl Bloch, are included.

$3.25 Do your Christmas shopping by mail from DESERET BOOK

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WHERE IS WISDOM? Stephen L Richards OUR LEADERS SPEAK

The rich and mature philosophy of President Richards Compiled by Brigham Young University is expressed in this outstanding collection of sermons and addresses. This is a wonderful book for speech Thousands of young people have been inspired to better

Brigham on the weekly held the Devotional, by you'll want to own livingpreparations and lessongiving—one

to according arranged Here, campus. University you'll Young want to give.and also one $2.95

subject, are excerpts from these speeches. $2.95

WHY THE KING JAMES VERSION J. Reuben Clark, Jr. THE GENEALOGICAL READER

President Clark sets forth clearly and concisely the Noel C. Stevenson

reasons why the LDS Church accepts the King James

Version of the New Testament. He cites opinions of Collected here are a number of penetrating articles that

Biblical authorities and scholars on various translations. explain how to do more and better genealogical work

An interesting, absorbing book. $4.75 and how to avoid the common pitfalls of genealogical

research. Wellchosen examples make this book vibrant

SAY THE GOOD WORD Oscar A. Kirkham and absorbing. $2.50

Readers will thrill to the significance of "How to Build JERRY LINDSEYEXPLORER TO THE SAN JUAN a Fire"and "He Could Sleep When the Wind Blew"stories, this chest of treasure in favorites otherand leaders the greatest speeches by one of andpoems of Ascribeswonderfulearly daysbookin forSan allJuanadventureseekersCounty. There arethatmanydeyouth. $3.50 hairraising tales about the Indians and other dangers

SAGA OF MORMONISM Doyle L. Green facingages 8 tothe12.pioneers. A perfect book for active $1.95boys

A pictorial history of the Church of Jesus Christ of information concise Saints, on withLatterday histori- A WESTERN COWKID Howard R. Driggs

It present. places. spans early days to the cal events and

Wonderful as an "extra"gift. $1.00 Trueto-life happenings are related by Howard R.

Driggs, master storyteller, who reflects upon his early still a had and was rugged the West childhood when DOCTRINEMORMON 12. for boys 8 to gift selection wonderful A of the Gospel) frontier.(A Compendium

Bruce R. McConkie $2.00

countless hours will save text that is a referenceHere

It is subjects. the THE MORMON STORY Rulon S. Howells of gospel of research on thousands

all to digest, explain, attempt only major graphs, pictures, are maps book, in amazing one of Here, only of doctrines the important the LDS Church—theand analyze feahard-toexplain every nearly cover that and charts

gospel. of whole the extensive compendium $5.00 full page aweinspiring are of There ture Mormonism.

PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS David O. McKay treasures.pictures in color of Joseph Smith's first vision and$3.95other

Compiled by Llewelyn R. McKay

In this vital volume a series of valuable guideposts A LOOK AT MORMONISM Benjamin Alward point the way to lasting happiness and a full rich life.

President McKay offers keen insight into such subjects Achievements of the LDS Church and its people are as education, courtship and marriage, free agency, death, told through 385 picturesque blackand-white photohome life and personal aspirations. $3.95 graphs and interesting captions. $4.00

Give books from DESERET BOOK COMPANY

vi-y-.:---:,.y\''y

- * -, i issi ir HIIIISI

NOVEMBER 1958 789 WRITE FOR COMPLETE3 LE7I CATALOG

OF LDS BOOKS AND ORDEK FORM

Handy Dead Sea Scrolls and Mail Order Original Christianity

Coupon O. Preston Robinson

Dr. Robinson, Editor and General Manager of

the Deseret News, toured the Holy Land and made a firsthand study of all existing facts relating to the Dead Sea Scrolls. He has come up with some

DESERET BOOK COMPANY startling facts. Read this highlyinteresting book

44 East South Temple and become better informed about one of the most

Salt Lake City, Utah exciting religious discoveries in centuries. Presented

Gentlemen: from an LDS point of view.

$2.00 Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) I have an account. Piease charge.

$Amount enclosed books:following checked - for the The Candle of the Lord j0

TO GOSPEL QUESTIONSANSWERS $2.50 Adam S. Bennion Volume II

Volume I $2.50

Readers will almost hear again the talks and serPOCKET TRIPLE COMBINATION $6.00 mons of the beloved Adam S. Bennion—his comto teachers, parents, to youth, to counsel monsense

industrialists to and bankers A CENTURY OF SINGING $3.25 to and businessmen,

HE THAT LIVETH $3.25 labor leaders, to all who have personal problems

and who need guidance and strength.

WHERE IS WISDOM? - $2.95 $3.75

WHY THE KING JAMES VERSION $4.75

SAY THE GOOD WORD $3.50

SAGA OF MORMONISM $1.00

DOCTRINE (A CompendiumQ MORMON Co.

of the Gospel)..---J $5.00 DQSGNtElBOOn'.,.. 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

Q PATHWAYS TO HAPPINESS $3.95

OUR LEADERS SPEAK $2.95

THE GENEALOGICAL READER $2.50

UlUii the -iOTi JERRY LINDSEY - EXPLORER TO THE

SAN JUAN $1.95

D A WESTERN COWKID $2.00

THE MORMON STORY $3.95

.:..-. itf"'"'-D A LOOK AT MORMONISM $4.00.-..

DEAD SEA SCROLLS AND ORIGINAL CHRISTIANITY....$2.00

THE CANDLE OF THE LORD $3.75 -.

Name IUU ('EiriKi tji Address w$

City Zone State. TfcHtftft

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Samsonite brings the upholstered look to the world's strongest steel chair Letters and Reports

New indestructible A WARD TEMPLE SESSION getting temple clothing ready. The MIA

arranged a list of girls who would do baby "at priesthood of the brethren meetOne sitting, assignaccepting it as a church bXiyIbq mi ing asked the Idaho Falls Sevenwhy for it. instead of receiving ment money

teenth Ward couldn't have a temple sesThe session was a great success, sixtysix their sion of to find own. decided They sixtythree attending—and women out. President L. Killpack William of

ninety percent of the menabout the ward memFalls third that agreed Idaho a Temple Steel Folding Chair bers holding recommends temple had session could regulartemple the be had on

North Idaho Falls Stake temple day if been present. Later in the evening the

enough came to fill it. The Relief Society group met for cake and ice cream, and to

sisters offered to help by assisting in have their picture taken. Special Samsonite process

bonds nonscuff vinyl to steel seat, for new elegance in any room!

Now—Samsonite brings you a completely

different folding chair! Watch your surroundings take on new beauty with

Samsonite upholsteredlook chairs. Guaranteed by GOOD HOUSEKEEPING. In

washable tan or grey monk's cloth patterns.

Tests prove:

Samsonite PlastiShield is slashproof I

Slash it! Knife blades

are ineffectual against PlastiShield's surface.

Paradise, California in my being converted, and since then Won't nick, cut or tear.

Dear Editors: has been very close to my heart.

My family has received about five issues I like the new Era because of easier 4 of The Improvement Era and we look readability, better arrangement, better ilforward to a new one each time. lustrations, etc. Though I personally am Samsonite PlastiBeing converts of seven months, we find interested mainly in the gospel articles, Shield is wearresist-

strength and guidance in Sterling W. Sill's... I am very disappointed in the new ant! For all its luxuryfeatures on leadership development. I like method of showing footnotes at the end of fine texture, Plastiit so much that when I had the privilege the magazine. Footnotes should be at the Shield's colorful surface

of speaking at my high school graduation, bottom of the page where they are easily is durable, stands up

I read his article called "The M Factors"accessible to those interested in them. under years of wear.

and made it the foundation for the talk. Even though it is an allpurpose magazine,

articles those scholarly of a nature with Sincerely, should printed the be way Beverly J. Pessner footnotes articles scholarly are printed, normally

with footnotes at the bottom of the page. Samsonite PlastiSeattle, Wash. The Era has meant so much to me the Shield is stainproof

cry spilled over Why I or past so ten years that to gone haveAttention: Editors The

polish, ink, nail fruit of trouble the acquiring and expense a of reader I have been a the Era for a stains? PlastiShield's set, 1 Vol. to complete from present, the fact, sincegood years—in many becoming

a member of the Church in 1940. The all of which are bound. I find them priceprotective surface

Era was to a certain extent instrumental ( Continued on page 804 sponges clean.

FOR FREE BOOKLET write today to: Shwayder Bros.

Inc., Institutional Seating, Dept. IE1I, Detroit 29, Mich.

Also Makers of Samsonite Classroom Furniture 1958

NOVEMBER 1958 791 1. MORMON DOCTRINE - A Compendium

of the Gospel by Bruce R. Mc Cortkie

No LDS home should be without this clear and concise encyclopedia on Mormonism.

, lains thousands of beliefs of the Church. with scriptural references cited for further

/. Basic principles of salvation, as

jvealed anciently and again in modern times, are defined and outlined with rare insight to bring the reader to a complete understanding. 'V.

$5.00

PUBLISHERS TO THE LD.S. TRADE

11 66 SOUTH MAIN DA 8-0566

that all year long/,.

NOVEMBER 1958 793

iFV

# # tve #00 00 "H

vSIC COURSE IN GENEALOGY - Vol. I & It

Gardner, Harland, and Smith;re is a most comprehensive course in basic record

keeping and research for Stake and Ward geneaiogical training programs. Written by professional genealogists,

-,#.;.S these two best selling volumes teach stepby-step

procedures in research, and record keeping, and evaluation of evidences which confront beginner and veteran. Adopted as official tet by many

wards and stakes.

$ $3.95 each # ts 7. ABOUT BAPTISM

by Emma Marr Petersen The wonderful adventure % in the life of a little orphan

in n subtlyof baptismtells theas practicedentire story >jU#'"r m mmthe LDSloveChurch.the excitementChildren

of the story. z/

$1.50 8. ABOUT PRAYER

by Emma Marr Petersen A A fascinating sequel to "About Baptism", this warm, human story follows the further adventures of an ftfwa Mm Wo** orphan boy who went to live with Mormon foster parents. His exciting experiences

from harm his escapes and teach m prayer."readers "about young

$1.50

9. JUST ONE CUMORAH

by Riley Lake Dixon Oftasked questions concerning the Book of

Mormon, its locale and people are discussed in this fascinating and scholarly study. Who

were the Jaredites? From whence did they

come? What became of them? Which course

did the Nephites travel? Where did they

land? Did they occupy the land

these United States? H

im BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

.*..;, *->'a 1186 SOUTH MAIN DA 8-0566

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 10. CHRISTMAS SILHOUETTES Christmas Silhouettes

by David O. McKay

and Llewelyn R. McKay

true story and a fantasy make delightful reading at Christmas time. These warm human

stories will tug at your heart as you read them to your children... and your youngsters will

want to read them or hear them again and again.

H ntmSi

. PATHWAYS s 1 1

TO HAPPINESS 200by David O. McKay

Here is a book you'll love ISA;- ha2 andsomecherishof the forchoicestit containsof

President McKay's sermons and H *"** writings. Chosen and compiled by his son,

5JG Dr. Llewelyn McKay, these articles clearly refit

the profound thoughts, emotions and keen insight of President McKay.

$3.95 mo&SS'

12. THE MORMON STORY

by Rulon S. Howells

People all over the world are asking abou the Mormon Church and its story. This pictorial

account of Mormonism beautifully tells the history, growth and progress of the Church in the form of pictures, maps, graphs, charts and skillfully written commentary. Many

fullcolor paintings.

13. THY WORD IS TRUTH

by Dr. Milton R. Hunter

This marvelous volume is packed w material on vital gospel topics extr from 72 inspiring talks given by

General Authorities. This companion

volume to "Gems of Thought"and "Gospel Sermonettes"contains excellent material for priesthood leaders and officers and teachers of all the auxiliaries.

$1.50 BOOKS DOLLAR LETTER TO MY DAUGHTER A

Stewart Pate Ora by ftAll 1WI1 18. WHY I BELIEVE

by James Edward Clark SOMEWHERE: - I'VE READ f.iilO!MiilOf by Lucy Thomson

MINUTE MASTERPIECES by Lucy Thomson

NOVEMBER 1958 795 Smooth, These Times butteryrich

allprepared for

IMi

QtoHtfieAVUj'l

:.;::.:;.::::::

The National Defense Education Act of 1958

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VicePresident, University of Utah

September 3, 1958, President develop programs heretofore the

Dwight D. Eisenhower signed into province of betternurtured or betlaw the National Defense Education termanaged ones. Utah, for example,

Act of 1958. This enactment, by the had no landgrant college until

85th Congress, 2nd Session, brings stimulated by various Acts of Conmore change into American higher gress, especially those making fededucation than any measure since eral funds available in 1887. Then,

the LandGrant College Act of 1862. Utah State at Logan was brought

That law, the Morrill Act of 1862, into being.

helped produce the universities of The result of the 1958 law will be

California, Illinois, Minnesota, Wisto raise the level of preparation for consin, and other state "landgrant"college, and, wider improvement of colleges and institutions in every the nation's collegiate resources

Aunt Penny's recipe for state of the Union. generally. These things are expressed

Old programs in these and other in the general policy statement, an oldtime favorite wellestablished institutions will now Section 101, of the act:

Baked Macaroni & Cheese receivelished institutionsnew stimuli.will receive,Lessestab-by declares"The Congressthat the securityhereby offindsthe andnaHeat 1 can Aunt Penny's White Sauce grant or contract, the means of new tion requires the fullest development

to boiling. Grate 1 to 2 cups Cheddar development. State boards of eduof the mental resources and technical

Cheese. Put 1 pkg. (8 oz.) cooked cation and their administrative ofskills of its young men and women."

macaroni in greased casserole in alficers, as well as universities and The general philosophy of the bill, ternate layers with cheese and white colleges, will enter into new relanow law, may be further summasauce, finishing with cheese on top. tions with the federal government. rized as follows:

Bake in moderate oven (375 F) for 20 The purpose *will be to strengthen 1. National defense depends upon

to 25 minutes or until bubbly and elementary and secondary instrucmastery of existing knowledge and cheese is melted. Serves 6. tion as a background for higher edutechniques.

cation. There is really nothing 2. The discovery and development

much new in the act. The pattern of new knowledge has even more

goes back to Abraham Lincoln's adcritical importance. &UMfieAtMAf'4. ministration. The newness will re- 3. Efforts must be increased to PREPARED r sult from the weaker and lesswell identify and educate talent.

financed institution's new ability to 4. "Existing imbalances in edWHITE SAUCE

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

SUGAR IK!

PURE FINE GRANULATEDThanksgiving

.. A day for thanks

. A day for feasting

A day for family and friends,.

Stuffed turkey, cranberry sauce and candied yams, not to mention plum pudding, whippedcream-smothered pumpkin pies, cookies, cakes and candy, all help to make Thanksgiving the special day that it is. For your fancy Thanksgiving recipes

and throughout the year, use U and I Sugar. It's as fine,

as white, as pure a sugar as money can buy, and it is available at your grocers in 5-lb., 10lb., 25lb. and 50lb. bags, or in

the handy 1-lb. cartons: Brown, Powdered, Superfine

Dessert or Fifte Granulated.

Always buy U and I

NOVEMBER 1958 797.

in people educated I insufficient Zi ODVI ideational programs,"specifically, science, mathematics, modern foreign languages, and those trained in technology, must be corrected.

5. The states and local communities "have and must retain control"

fall favorite—bermuda cloth of public education.

6. National interest, however, requires that the Federal Government

must, as since 1862, "give assistance"suits forto our"programsdefense."which are important

7. A national emergency exists

Surfs whichall levels"requiresof government."additional effort at

8. It is therefore the purpose of

Stiffs "tothe provideNationalsubstantialDefense EducationassistanceActin various forms to individuals, and to states and their subdivisions, in

Enjoy the many personorder to insure trained manpower alities of these smart of sufficient quality and quantity to meet the national defense needs of new styles. Tailored the United States."

lapel neckline style, above, So runs the national response to in 14 to 20. Portrait colSputnik and the tremendous, strides

lar style, below, taken by Soviet education in the in 12 to 18. Both in past forty years.

The act has ten titles. From each,

grey or brown. Order A or B many programs will grow, beginning

ZCMI SUITS immediately. Something like $40 million is available this year. The

Downstairs Store Department of Health, Education, and Welfare, through the U. S. Office of Education, will be the national administrative agency, aided

by new advisory committees. College and university presidents, if

to Wash895 alert, have already been ington in the past six months, making anticipatory plans. Commissioner Laurence Derthick of the

Office of Education, convened several state superintendents of public instruction in a threeday conference the same week the President signed the bill. The dollar figures

in the material which follows represent patterns of authorization. Actual funds available the first year

will be around $40 million unless supolemented by the 86th Congress.

Here are its main features:

Title I—General Provisions (see

above )

Moil ZCMI MANNERS, MARGOT to InStudents in Title II—Loans

Solt Utah Lakeorders Cityto:

Suits at 8,95 the10, following send Please each: stitutions Education. This of Higher

3uan. Style Size 1st Color 2nd Color title appropriates $47V2 million.

From this sum, institutions of higher

LiCheck or M.O. LjCharge. C.O.D. education, by contributing oneAddress ninth, may establish new Student

nclude Utah residents23<f postageadd 2%for firststate suit,tax. lQ<f each additional Loan Funds. From them a student

may borrow $1,000 a year, not to exceed $5,000 total, at 3 percent interest. Interest becomes payable

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural wholegrain drink

Have a cup of friendship—have a cup of Postum. Postum is,-'**OSTMW

made from wholegrain cereals, slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty, healthful, hospitable.

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUI*

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

NOVEMBER 1958 799 one year after completing school. No more expensive and specialized prointerest accrues while in school or grams. Under the new law, instituthe armed forces—( three year maxitions contracting for "Language and

mum for the latter). There are ten Area Centers"must contribute 50

years to pay. Loans must be given percent of their cost. "Language

"especial consideration"for studeats Institutes"of shortterm nature are who plan to teach, or "whose acaalso authorized in this title, with demic background indicates a su- $7Mj million available, to train pubperior capacity... in science, lic elementary or secondary lanmathematics, engineering, or a modguage instructors.

ern foreign language...."Title VII—Research and ExperiTitle III—Financial Assistance for mentation in More Effective UtilizaStrengthening Science, Mathematics, tion of Television, Radio, Motion

and Modern Foreign Language InPictures, and Related Media for struction. This title carries $70 Educational Purposes. This provides

million for equipment, "minor re- $3 million the first year ($5 millionSAFEWAY modeling,"and loans, through state thereafter) for grants, contracts, and plans, primarily for the public coordination, to promote effective

Friend of the Family schools. use of these new media. A new

Friend of the Farmer Title IV—National Defense Fel- "National Advisory Committee on lowships. One thousand fellowships New Educational Media"of fourare authorized this year, fifteen hunteen persons is to assist.

It's always "EatMore-Turdred each year thereafter, for threeTitle VIII—Area Vocational Edukey-Time"at Safeway. year periods. Designed for graduate cation Programs. Fifteen million

Thanksgiving is an extra students (Ph.D. candidates), these dollars is available for state plans,

special time for turkey but will carry stipends of $2000, $2200, through state agencies, to generate and $2400 during successive years, wide improvements in this field,

Safeway Stores promote the plus $400 for each dependent; and, especially in the scientifictechnical

sale of turkey at Easter, in midaims at increasing the short supply aspects. Despite the longestablished

summer and the year around. of university professors—"the geese programs at Weber College, Utah

This is done to cooperate that lay the golden eggs"now being State, the Salt Lake area, and central with Utah Farmers. Utah has "drained off"by higher salaries in Utah vocational schools, (for exambecome a leading turkey prootherTitlefields.V—Guidance, Counseling, ple,SperryRand,the recentLittoncomingIndustries,to UtahMarof

ducing state with ideal climate and Testing; Identification and Enquard, Thiokol, and others) there

and conditions for raising the couragement of Able Students. This has been revealed a marked shortbirds. title appropriates $15 million for age of this type of training.

Production has grown so grants to state educational agencies Title IX—S ci e nc e Information

large that 90% of the turkeys toschoolassistcounseling.them in improvingAn additionalpublic atedService.underThis theis a Nationalnew agency,Sciencecreare now sold out of the state. $6.25 million is available to contract Foundation, to index, abstract, transThe problem is to find the marwith universities for shortterm or late, and disseminate scientific inket. regular training institutes in this formation. In the long run it may

Safeway does its part by field. The University of Utah, for prove to be the most important

featuring turkeys for local example, established the old "Bureau single feature of the National Deof Student Counsel"under Dr. fense Education Act of 1958.

consumption and shipping large Arthur L. Beeley in 1926. From "Knowledge is power."

quantities of quality Utah turthis beginning has come a variety of Title X—Miscellaneous Provisions.

keys to other states. graduate training programs at the The principal substantive element

Last year Safeway purchased Utah school, now producing scores of this title is section 1009, "Im- $379,183 worth of turkey from of Master's degrees and several provement of Statistical Services of

Utah farms to help solve a seriPh.D.'slished programseach year. areSuchlikelywellestab-centers toStatea stateEducationaldepartmentAgencies."of educationGrants

ous overproduction problem. for training contracts. up to $50,000 a year are authorized

Title VI—Language Development. "to improve and strengthen the

Friend of the Family The commissioner is given $8 million adequacy and reliability of educato contract with universities to estabtional statistics provided by state

Friend of the Farmer lish "Language and Area Training and local reports...."This is the

Centers."For example, the Unibasis for future policy planning.

versity of Utah had such a program Here is a measure which orients under an army contract, 19421945, the United States'educational sysand continued some features at the tem towards the rapidly changing graduate level through its Institute world order of these times. New SAFEWAY of Government "Area Studies"bedimensions, new opportunities, new

ginning in 1946. Harvard, Colum- "fields to conquer,"new problems

bia, and Michigan have had much for public policy will follow.

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Standard's local buying means good business for more than 26,000 "hometown"suppliers

Our shopping list covers everything from adding machines to zinc. Almost any item

you can name—from commonplace things like pencils, paint, pipe, printing to the less ordinary like binoculars, badges, blankets and burglar alarms—is on our 50,000item

shopping list.

Here in the West alone, last year Standard was a good customer for more than 10,000 suppliers of goods and services, to whom we paid more than $250,000,000. This was an

important factor in the business health of many western towns.

When a sum like this goes into circulation it spreads out in all directions to support jobs and payrolls. It helps assure customers for thousands of enterprises, both small and large, including Standard. That's why we make every practical effort to buy locally—

it means better business in the communities we serve.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

plans ahead to serve you better

NOVEMBER 1958 801 1/1/ordnipPuI

The Church

Moves On

September 1958

1 of these sessions were reserved for British members of thethat adds to - Endowment sessions began in the London Temple. The first

Church going through the temple for the first time. Other

sessions will be held in English and in the Scandinavian languages this week.the zybmte&Mee

of your On a suggestion by the First Presidency, many of the wards and branches built today's Sacrament meeting program religious service around the divinity of the American Constitution.

President David O. McKay returned to Salt Lake City by

air from London, where he dedicated the temple there.

Appointment of Elder Alma A. Gardiner as general secretai tary of the Deseret Clubs was announced. The clubs are

organizations for small groups of LDS students on university campuses throughout the nation that do not have LDS institutes of religion.

"Helaman Halls"has been selected as the name of the men's residences on the campus of Brigham Young University. The

central dining room and business building will be named after

Playing dimensions and console arrangeGeorge Q. Cannon. Individually, the seven residences will be

ments conform rigidly to the specifications known as David John Residence Hall, Stephen L. Chipman Resiof the American Guild of Organists. dence Hall, Thomas N. Taylor Residence Hall, Hinckley Residence

A Wurlitzer Church Organ offers Hall, Walter Stover Residence Hall, William Budge Residence

Hall, and Marriner Wood Merrill Residence Hall. The group ofrich, worshipful tone—a reverent and

moving contribution to the Church residences for women students, in operation for several years, is

Service. known as "Heritage Halls."

It places at the command of any organist an infinite range of tradiThe First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder tional organ voices. Transmitted by Fred A. Turley of Snownake, Arizona, to preside over the

Wurlitzer's High Fidelity Sound SysSouthwest Indian Mission, succeeding President Alfred A.

tem, the result is glorious organ Rohner. Active in Church work all his life, President Turley filled

music... truly Music's Richest Voice. a mission in the Eastern States 191517, and he and Mrs. Turley

WurliTzer Organs filledhas assisteda missionwithin TexasLouisiana,the operation of 195153.the ChurchownedFor the pastranchyear hein

FREE labor.Florida. Mrs. Turley will accompany him to this new field of

Church Organ The appointment of Mrs. Darlene Stevenson Parkinson of

Fund Raising Kit Salt Lake City to the general board of the Primary Association was announced.

I The Wurlitzer Company | Dept. IE1158, DeKalb, 111. Elder Malcolm C. Young sustained as president of North

I Please send me information about the Box Elder (Utah) Stake with Elders Varsel Chlarson and

Fund Raising Kit and Wurlitzer Organs. Lee R. Andersen as counselors. They succeed President

Willie Vernal and his counselors, Elders Elbert R. Beecher and

I I NAME Thompson. J. Delos I

I II /\LJURJ103ADDRESS.

I CITY ZONE....STATE II I

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Fall is an ideal time to travel eastsave your car and your nerves... and

colorful autumn leaves, new Broadway arrive refreshed and ready for business, shows, delightful weather and cool, sightseeing or fun!

crisp evenings. Need help with your travel plans?

And the ideal way to get there is on a We're at your service—anything from

smartly appointed Union Pacific planning your itinerary to arranging

Domeliner. Your pleasure begins the for a Hertz rental car if you wish. Let

moment you step aboard. You'll relax us explain the moneysaving Family

all the way... enjoy delicious dining Fares, too, and the Rail Travel Credit

car meals... the luxury of the lounge Card which makes it unnecessary to

... have servants at your command.. carry large amounts of cash.

For details, reservations, or help with your travel plans, see your nearest

Union Pacific Railroad ticket agent.

UNION PACIFIC

NOVEMBER 1958 803 Letters and Reports (Continued) less and use them constantly in my study and research work.

Sincerely yours, Jerreld L. Newquist

Denver, Colorado Dear Sirs: As I am being discharged from the army, would you kindly send future Era to my home in Denver?

I have enjoyed very much the more recent issues of the Era. Especially the

articles by Sterling W. Sill on leadership

development. They have been a great aid

in my job.

Thank you for bringing the Church closer to me in Europe.

Sincerely, John R. Schneider

Phoenix, Arizona SUE, BOB like thousands AND

Editors: of their elders, have learned the truth Dear the "lying about allure of liquor."

Just for a word of appreciation your

HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the untiringpages of efforts,the Era.manifestWe haveso amplythoroughlyin the

alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about enjoyed the pages of past Eras—and are

liquor to want to have no part of it? certainlyorganization.proud Mayof yourourpresentFather formatever helpand

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurgospeland blessthroughyou theto continueEra. presenting the

ance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE

Sincerely, WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance

company for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop David C. Jones

Lehi, Utah paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money at the same

time. I feel I have gained a great deal in

working to fill my Golden Gleaner reIf you are a nondrinker,* we invite you to investigate, and insure Thequirements.ImprovementI am Era.especiallyWe gratefulhave takenfor with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurthe Era for many years, but I have never

ance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who say, takenin fillingthe antimeassignmentto read muchof requiredof it. readBut

"No Thanks—we don't drink."For full details, including an explanaing of four or five articles from each issue

I it. year, one learned to dearly love tion of Preferred Risk's merit reduction plan for claimfree drivers, for

it I read from cover to cover Now and return this coupon now. can hardly wait for the next issue. Thank

*IMPORTANTNon-drinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible. you from the bottom of my heart.

Faye B. Godfrey

ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON Waterloo, Iowa

Sirs: Dear Please send complete me information about I abstainers. your auto insurance for total underis to that I think say I want the stand Era there a is obligation. no CH-1'54 very I've wonderful magazine, learned so Name auto insurance My the about Church. the much had We've xpirBiAddress since ever of I Era October 1954, and Month - miss a copy. wouldn't and The questions

City State Day- I think answers department is swell. All

Occupation. Year. the wonderful poems and recipes. I'm

a collector of both. read the I have "Jesus Age -Age of principal driver of auto..Age of youngest driver.

it the in Christ"Era, the also I'm reading of Car Make.Year. -No. CylindersIt's in the a book. wonderful book.

Body type & Model (Scries). I have been the Era Director for almost

I years, to 4 and have I'm know what of Car: Use Pleasure Business workand from To.miles one way. Q Q selling. I'm very of proud the and happy

Marital Status Principal of Driverwith Married O I in opportunity selling Era. the have had

living Single, at home O I.childrenO Single interested others in the have two

free Send copy of Christian Herald article. me the Church through magazine.

ACCIDEHTS PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL haveKeepwillingup suchpeoplefine work,helpingI'myousureinyou'llthe

INSURANCE COMPANY work.May God guide you always.

150 South 4th East, Dept. 458

Sincerely yours, Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931 Sister Eldora Jane Williams

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co William Plymat, President

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

is a One (or more) of these coupons p> Why Hammond Organ superior? will bring Our new colorsound motion picture compares various types of organs... discusses the pros and cons in an

better music to your church interestingwhole congregation50 minutewillfilm.enjoyYourit.

Send this coupon.

Name.

Address.

City.Zone State.

Dnnnn How can I improve my a playing technique? c

offer for the a handbook We church D written organist, Dozens by experts.

of hints and tips... and some kindly

philosophy. "Playing tips for the

Church Organist."Send this coupon.

aL!

There are so many ways a Hammond Organ can add to worship..

so many wonderful things to discover about this most magnificent 11 church organ, that a single coupon scarcely seems enough B DnnDnnnDDDDDDnnnnDnDDDDD to cover them all.

So, on this page are three coupons... each of which will bring you

helpful information on the particular phase of the Hammond Organ story 3 What is like about. you'd to know more Hammond's place

Send one coupon, or two... or all. The services offered, the in religious music?

information waiting, is all free. They imply no obligation whatever. A handsome brochure that sketches

We simply want to help you bring even better music to your church. the history of sacred music, the organ, and the three major faiths. Also

describes the Hammond Organ Send coupons to Hammond Organ Company, models. Send this coupon.

4220 W. Diversey Avenue, Chicago 39, Illinois.

Name HAMMOND Address. music's most glorious voice City 1958. HAMMOND.Zone.ORGAN State.COMPANY 11 ORGAN

NOVEMBER 1958 805 The Power by President

There are a number of virtues which I consider to be essential in order that the prayers of men may prove to be efficacious:

The first and most fundamental virtue in effective prayer is faith. A belief in God brings peace to the

soul. An assurance that God is our Father, into whose

presence we can go for comfort and guidance, is a neverfailing source of comfort.

Another essential is reverence. This virtue is

exemplified in the model prayer given by the Savior in the words "Hallowed be thy name."(Matt. 6:9.)

This principle should be exemplified particularly in our houses of worship.

The third essential element is sincerity. Prayer is

the yearning of the spirit. It is a message of the

soul sent directly to a Loving Father. The language

is not mere words, but a loving heart in tune with the Infinite. Sincere praying implies that when we

ask for any blessing or virtue we should work for the blessing and cultivate the virtue.

The next essential is loyalty. Why pray for the

kingdom of God to come unless you have in your heart a desire and a willingness to aid in its establishment? Praying for his will to be done and then

not trying to live it, gives you a negative answer at once. You would not grant something to a child

who showed that attitude towards a request he is making of you. If we pray for the success of some

cause or enterprise, manifestly we are in sympathy with it. It is the height of disloyalty to pray for God's

will to be done and then fail to conform our lives to that will.

A final essential is humilitynot an outward, hypocritical pretense, but a humility that springs from the heart, from an absence of selfrighteousness. Selfrespect is a virtue, but selfconceit is an inhibition.

The principle of humility in prayer leads one to feel a need of divine guidance. Selfreliance is a virtue,

The Editors Page

Prayerof David O. McKay

but with it should go a consciousness of the need of One who prays will receive inspiration. It is not

superior help—a consciousness that as you walk firmly imagination that we can approach God and can

in the pathway of duty, there is a possibility of your receive light and guidance from him, that our minds making a misstep; and with that consciousness is a will be enlightened, our souls thrilled by his spirit.

prayer, a pleading that God will inspire you to avoid Washington sought and found it; Lincoln received

that false step. it; Joseph Smith knew it. Inspiration is manifest to

If our young people will have faith and approach all who will but open their eyes to see and their their Father in heaven in prayer, there are at least hearts to understand.

four great blessings that will come to them here and The Lord's prayer has been given us as a pattern now: for prayer. Let us analyze part of that prayer as it

The first is gratitude. Their souls will be filled is recorded in the sixth chapter of Matthew:

...,"is an with thanksgiving for what God has done for them. "Our Father which art in heaven

They will find themselves rich in favors bestowed. acknowledgment of his existence. He that cometh to

The young person who closes the door behind him, God must believe that he is.

...,"expresses reverence. draws the curtains, and there in silent prayer pleads "Hallowed be thy name

...,"is at with God for help, should first pour out his soul in "Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done

gratitude, for health, for friends, for loved ones, for once a plea for its establishment on earth, and an the gospel, and for the manifestations of God's existimplied promise loyally to cooperate in bringing ence. peace on earth, good will to men.

...,"is an The second blessing of prayer is guidance. I can- "Give us this day our daily bread

not conceive a young man's going astray or a young acknowledgment of our dependence upon God for girl's going far wrong who keeps in close communicaour very subsistenceat least that we are in need of tion with his or her Father in heaven. I cannot his help and guidance in all our constant strivings.

think that a Latterday Saint will hold enmity in "And forgive us our debts [or trespasses], as we his heart if he will sincerely, in secret, pray God to forgive our debtors [or those who trespass against...,"makes our forgiveness entirely dependent remove from his heart all feelings of envy and malice us]

toward any of his fellow men. upon the sincerity of our hearts in forgiving others,

The third blessing is confidence. Let us teach the and upon the extent to which we render forgiveness,

thousands of students who are earnestly striving to we shall receive forgiveness in proportion to our forgain an education that if they desire to succeed in giveness of those who have offended us.

their lessons, they should seek their God; that the "And lead us not into temptation, but deliver us

..."is the yearning plea of a humble heart greatest teacher known to the world stands near to from evil,

guide them. Once the student feels that he can apfor strength and guidance of an acknowledged suproach the Lord through prayer, he will receive perior power.

confidence that he can learn his lessons, that he can prepare his speech, that he can stand before his felMay we ponder these things as we prepare ourlow students and deliver his message without fear selves for prayer in our secret places, in our families, of failure. Confidence comes through sincere prayer. and in our Church gatherings.

NOVEMBER 1958 807

Biblical Evidence that Joseph Smith Was Called of God

Question: "If Joseph Smith was truly called to be a prophet of God, surely there would be some prophetic references to him in the Bible. Is it possible to point out

any ancient predictions showing that he was so called?"

Answer: There are many passages in the Bible pointing to the fact that a prophet would be called in the last days, and that there would be revelations and visions Your and restoration of the gospel in its fulness. If a person

thinks the name of Joseph Smith ought to be found in the Bible spelled out in so many letters, he will search in vain. It seems rather strange that the truth,Question which is so plainly written showing an apostasy, and

a restoration of the gospel in the last days, would be so generally misunderstood. The Bible is filled with

predictions of an universal apostasy and the need for a restoration, and that again the heavens would be opened and our Eternal Father and his Son Jesus swered bv Christ, would commune with prophets and establish the gospel on the earth. We are now living in the

Joseph FiJjding. Smith Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, when Paul said

President of the Council of the Twelve Christ would "gather together in one all things in

Christ, both which are in heaven, and which are in earth; even in him."1 Peter called it "the times of

refreshing,"and the "restitution of all things, which

God hath spoken by the mouth of all his holy prophets >v/ since the world began."2

.- These predictions being true, then, in our time there

must be a prophet and a church recognized by the

Father and the Son in which divine revelation is found. Surely there could come no restitution or time

of refreshing, without a prophet clothed with divine authority as was Moses, holding this authority from heaven, for no such authority can be assumed by any person without a divine call. Therefore there would

have to be an opening of the heavens with new revelation and commandment. Moreover, the Lord through

many prophets predicted that all things would be restored and that the Lord would again make covenants with his people. 3

In a brief article it is impossible to point out all the references in thewritings of ancient prophets

( See page 883 for footnotes.

808 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bearing on the restoration of the gospel and the be a swift witness against the sorcerers, and against coming of a new and final dispensation wherein the adulterers, and against false swearers, and prophets would speak and say: "Thus saith the Lord."against those who oppress the hireling in his wages,

Elders Parley P. Pratt in his Voice of Warning, which the widow, and the fatherless, and that turn aside the

was published over a hundred and twenty years ago, stranger from his right, and fear not me, saith the Lord and his brother Orson Pratt, who wrote a few years of hosts."4

later, have published to the world an abundance of Bible interpreters have declared that this was fulevidence showing the fulfilment of prophecy in the filled in the days of Christ's ministry; but this is not

mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith. It is unnecessary so. It is very evident, notwithstanding the fact that

to repeat over and over again, this evidence which John the Baptist came in the Dispensation of the Mehas been so faithfully declared. Many others also have ridian of Time, and was the forerunner of Christ, that

spoken and their words have gone forth to an unthis prophecy was not fulfilled at that time, but was to believing world. The attention to sincere believers in be fulfilled at a later day, or in the Dispensation of

the divine mission of Jesus Christ is again called to the Fulness of Times. This prophecy declares that

the writings of these men. If any person desires a (1) Christ was to come suddenly to his temple; as

complete answer to this question, then he should the messenger of the covenant; (2) He was to be like

obtain these publications: by Elder Parley P. Pratt, a refiner's fire, and like fullers'soap, to be a refiner

in the Voice of Warning: and purifier, to purify the sons of Levi and purge them,

Prophecy Already Fulfilled; that they "may offer unto the Lord, an offering in

Prophecy Yet Future; righteousness."(3) It was to be a day when the ofThe Kingdom of God; fering of Judah and Jerusalem would be pleasant, as in

Restoration of the Saints and of all Things; days of old and former years. (4) It was to be a day

Origin of the American Indians. of judgment and swift witness against the sorcerers

Publications by Elder Orson Pratt: and adulterers, false swearers, and those who oppress

Divine Authority—Or Was Joseph Smith sent the widow and the fatherless. Surely these things did

of God; not happen in the days of the ministry of our Lord

The Kingdom of God; when he dwelt among men. In that day the Levites

Divine Authenticity of the Book of Mormon. and the sons of Judah turned against him and brought

When any person has read these chapters, if he is him to his death; every one abode his coming, and

not convinced, then his case indeed, is hopeless, for he did not come in that ministry in judgment like a the light of truth either cannot penetrate his soul, or in refiner's fire. The sons of Levi were not purged, and

spite of it he refuses to believe. Since this matter is so they did not offer an offering in righteousness.

carefully and completely handled by these brethren, No! We must look for a later day for the fulfilment

and the evidence is available, I shall turn my attention of this prophecy. Much of this prophetic prediction

to a few other matters of the most vital significance. by Malachi is yet future; some of it has been fulfilled.

Let us consider first the prophecy of Malachi: The Lord did come suddenly to his temple on the

"Behold, I will send my messenger, and he shall third day of April 1836. It was on that day when

prepare the way before me: and the Lord, whom ye other heavenly messengers came, and when the keys

seek, shall suddenly come to his temple, even the for the gathering of Israel were restored by Moses. It

messenger of the covenant, whom ye delight in: was on that day when Elias, who lived in the days of

behold, he shall come, saith the Lord of hosts. Abraham, came and bestowed the keys of the Dispen-

"But who may abide the day of his coming? and sation of Abraham: It was when Elijah came in fulwho shall stand when he appeareth? for he is like filment of the prophecy of Malachi, and restored his

a refiner's fire, and like fullers'soap. keys of turning the hearts of the fathers to their chil-

"And he shall sit as a refiner and purifier of silver: dren and their children to their fathers.

and he shall purify the sons of Levi, and purge them On this occasion Christ accepted and approved the as gold and silver, that they may offer unto the Lord work of his servants, Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, an offering in righteousness. thus turning the key for the redemption of Judah and

"Then shall the offering of Judah and Jerusalem be Levi that they might, in the due time of the Lord, pleasant unto the Lord, as in days of old, and as in make offerings that would be acceptable. Malachi in

former years. very definite language declared that Elijah must

"And I will come near to you to judgment; and I will come, "before the coming ( Continued on page 873

NOVEMBER 1958 809 Fifth of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

h, Wilderness;A

the beginning of adolescence

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

(Behavior Patterns and Problems, Ages 12 and 13) pattern of growing and rounding out of bone and muscle that signals the gradual transition from boyPortrait of a 12Year-Old hood to youth.

Adolescence is like a ride on a roller coaster, and However, rapid growth requires so much vitality age 12 is the slow, easy climb that leads up to a high that often this will compete with Junior's ambition summit—to be followed, in due course, by a sudden in athletics or in other physical activities. We may

plunge into the breathless depths of a big dip at 13. therefore see him burning up all kinds of energy at

A 12year-old knows he is climbing to new excit- a sand lot baseball game and then coming home to ing heights. He also knows that he doesn't underliterally collapse. This is not an act. It is Mother

stand a lot of what is happening. Nevertheless, Nature's way of saying that Junior has reached bedbecause he temporarily feels a new inner peace he rock and needs a rest. His recovery rate is likely to

takes the climb in stride. Just as at 3, 5, 7, and 10, be slow—requiring several hours usually—and if he

Junior senses that everything is going to work out all is continually goaded back into activity before reright. He notes that he is not as rebellious, cantankervitalization has taken place we may find him becoming

ous and sassy as he was last year during his 11year- very susceptible to colds or other maladies resulting old thrust. He gets along with adults better, including from low resistance.

his teachers and parents. He enjoys conforming more Usually a 12year-old also has frequent complaints

than last year. He hears his mother whisper to Dad, about his feet. These should not be ignored. Weak-

"I think Junior is over the hump."In response Dad ness resulting from rapid growth may cause the muscle

may merely grunt or mumble. He has seen Junior structure of the arch to give way. Also illfitting shoes

get over humps before. What he wants to know is on rapidly growing feet may be the cause of serious

when should the family prepare for the next slump. problems in later years.

He remembers enough about his own adolescence to recall that it was one continuous round of humps The Mind and Emotions of a 12Year-Old and slumps. Mentally and emotionally, Junior usually finds durUsually, however, a 12year-old has one full year ing age 12 most of the things he was looking for during

of ebbtide ahead of him. age 11. He no longer bullies his parents and pals to

try and prove his status. He now feels he can take

Physical Traits himself and his acceptance more or less for granted.

Physically, a 12year-old may look pretty much He feels more relaxed. His behavior becomes more

like his 11year-old self. He is still a "little boy"generous, less egocentric. He enjoys talking with

in many ways. Parents can't understand what happeople and copies many new grownup expressions.

pens to all the bread, milk, meat, potatoes, and He does better in school.

double desserts he has been wolfing down the past Because Junior is no longer so selfcentered he year. Won't it ever show? It finally does. Fremakes a fairly good listener. But only on new things!

quently the latter part of age 12 is when there is a He cannot stand to hear a joke twice. If a teacher

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

forgets where the lesson left off and goes back for a movies,""girls,""favorite teachers,"and "who will win little review a 12year-old may wrap himself in a the World Series."

mantle of gloom because he "heard it already."A boy's attitudes and aptitudes during age 12 make

Junior is getting sophisticated now. He prides it an ideal time to work him hard in any organized

himself in keeping his emotions and fears under conboy's program. But it must be organized! He likes

trol. He complains that mystery stories don't scare a "sharp"outfit with discipline and lots of planned

him like they used to. He also boasts that he doesn't activity. He even wants to help with the planning,

"bawl any more like the little kids."In reality he is but woe be the day if the plans are not carried out.

capable of a real good boohoo session, but it does A recent survey of dropouts in a national youth ornot happen very often. An achievement which is far ganization indicated that the boys generally lost

more notable but seldom mentioned is the fact that interest "because we never did anything,"or "because since he became 12, Junior doesn't have those exnothing was organized."

plosive temper outbursts like he did last year. It is common for boys of this age to have an allconsuming enthusiasm for athletics. However, there

The Social 12Year-Old are many perfectly normal boys who do not. These

As far as sociability is concerned, Junior, is far boys will shy away, especially from football, basketbetter adjusted at 12 than the year before. It reminds ball, or other "team"sports. Often they will particihis parents of the contentpate if it is required in

ed days of 9 or 10. He school, but they will not

will often complain, however, SHUT OUT THEY WAIT voluntarily do it for fun. Howthat his father is "too busy, ever, the one sport which this

and ought to spend more time by Iris W. Schow type of boy will usually go

at home."This may not be out for is swimming. It

shining; there sun is The up

altogether true, but it is worth is this true; seems to be a universal fathat All know

the time of a father to make But while fog fills the valley, vorite, and many schools and sure that there are weekly sesIts rays cannot come through. colleges are enlarging their

sions together in work and athletic program to include play or maybe just talk. The God's love is there, too, waiting, swimming. This type of boy

a beyond know Some doubt; may also acquire a zest for wilful blindness greedfather should be prepared for But and

the disappointment of disForm fog that keeps love out. some specialized sport such

covering, however, that a 12as tennis, handball, wrestling, yearold does not need a golf, or boxing.

father's attention nearlv so much as he claims. In fact,

many a consciencestricken father has cancelled imIs Right and Wrong Important?

portant engagements to spend more time with his son, Authorities generally agree that by the time a boy only to discover that fifteen or twenty minutes of is 12 he should have overcome most of his problems being together is about all his boy can stand. The of lying, cheating, and stealing. Everything else

interests of each are still too far apart. Unless they being equal, parents should consider themselves runengage in some common activity or project, the comning behind schedule if this is not accomplished by

panionship quickly disintegrates as the boy wanders around 12. There will be exceptions, of course, but

off to find one of his pals. Another couple of years they should be rare ones. Any pattern of lying, cheatand Junior will be ready for "long talks"or "just being ing, or stealing is what the law calls "delinquency."

together."Authorities point out that unless a boy has deAt 12, however, a boy not only finds it difficult to veloped rather mature ethical values by 12 he is

spend a lot of time with his dad—he also avoids likely to get into difficulty as he tries to cope with

making soul partners with any of his pals. He sort the many new insights and powerful drives which

of covers the field—first favoring one friend, then come alive during adolescence. For example, many

another. Mostly, he likes people in groups. Disthings which he considered downright "bad"as a

crimination comes later. child will receive a far more sympathetic consideration during adolescence. A case in point is the fact

Attitudes and Aptitudes that he is likely to feel much more tolerant toward

The opinions of his friends are very important to a swearing, drinking, and smoking, and may try out all 12year-old. Their opinions often get priority over three. He is likely to identify these with being grownhis parents'ideas. He listens avidly to their pros and up, and doing "grownup things"is mighty important

cons covering important subjects like "the best to an adolescent. (Continued on page 874)

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA xplore with Books fi

Tales, Local Legends and Popular Tales, and other sections dealing with American folklore that are fun for winter evenings when apples are polished for eating and the fire's burning brightly, and the children are gathered round for reading.

Billy the Kid, Pecos Bill, and Paul Bunyan roam through the pages to the neverending delight of young and old.—M. C. J.

FAMILY READING FESTIVAL, Stories and Poems to Read

Together, Selected and edited by Frances Cavanah, Illustrated, 326 pages. $5.95.

The purpose of this book is to entertain all the members

FAMILY NIGHT READER, A Guide for Teaching the Gospel of the family, to inspire them, to expand their horizons.

in the Home, S. Dihvorth Young That Frances Cavanah should have made the selection and

Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. 1958. $2.50. clone the editing is significant since she is a writer of rare

This is a book for Latterday Saint parents to hand to their talent herself. The book is interesting too in that it contains

young people for their reading and understanding of gospel some of the best of the contemporary writers for young people principles which will affect their lives for good. It is, moreas well as the established authors—and if young people enjoy

over, a book that can well be used as its title and subtitle them so will the older folk. This is a recommended book

suggest, for hours when the family comes together for gospel for family reading.—M. C. ].

discussions. If the family will make this a working text, they

will all grow in faith and unity in their homes as well as in the THE ARABS, Harry B. Ellis, Illustrated,

Church program.—M. C. }. World Publishing Company, Neio York. 1958. 124 pages. $2.95.

HE THAT LIVETH, Doyle L. Green Written for children by an expert who has won recognition

Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1958. $3.25. for two previous books, Heritage of the Desert and Israel and

This book for young and old deals with the life and work the Middle East, this book will increase understanding for our of the Savior of mankind. Written in language that is at neighbors in the Middle East.

once beautiful and understandable, He That Liveth is in If young people will learn the brotherhood of man, soon addition an artistic masterpiece, including ten fullcolor, the entire world will become more ready to accept the Fatherfull-page reproductions of paintings by the famous Danish hood of God, and peace may then become a reality.—M. C. J.

artist, Carl Bloch.

This is a book that Latterday Saint homes will desire to THE SUN KINGDOM OF THE AZTECS, Victor W. von

have in their libraries since it includes the story of Jesus Hagen.

from all of the Standard Works of the Church.—M. C. J. The World Publishing Company, New York. 1958. 127 pages.

$2.95 KANGAROOS AND OTHER ANIMALS WITH POCKETS, The author begins with a quotation from the diary of

Louis Darling Bernal Diaz del Castillo, one of the Spaniards who accomWilliam Morrow and Co., New York. 1958. 64 pages. $2.50. panied Cortez into the land of the Aztecs. The author has

This is a story of mammals with pouches—the kangaroo, included the placement of the Maya, the Olmec, the Toltec,

marsupial moles, and the koala bear (teddy), and others. and the Totonac as well as the Aztec.

Mr. Darling has written and illustrated an engrossing book

about the habits and characteristics of these lovable animals The framework is a story, but the material has been carewith pockets.—E. /. M. fully gleaned from history, and the index bears out the truth

of the book.-M. C. J.

COUNTRY MAILMAN, Jerrold Beim William Morrow and Co., New York. 1958. 48 pages. $2.50. LITTLE BURMA, Robert M. McClung

Jerrold Beim has, as always, accurately portrayed the inWilliam Morroto & Co., New York. 1958. 256 pages. $2.95.

terests and yearnings of a small boy, and Leonard Shortall's Quietly Ben Forrest climbed over the window sill and drawings are filled with warmth and gentle humor. A book dropped to the ground. He was running away—from the farm,

to delight every child who has ever longed for the mailman from his harsh guardian, from the drudgery and unhappiness to bring him a letter of his very own.—E. }. M. of his life. But what could a 12year-old boy do in New York

town in the year 1796? Ben's love of animals gave him the

THE RAINBOW BOOK OF AMERICAN FOLK TALES answer. Little Burma, the first elephant brought to America

AND LEGENDS, Maria Leach, Illustrated was to become his special charge, and the experience of

World Publishing Co. 1958. S19 pages. $4.95. training and exhibiting the elephant opened up an exciting

This book includes State Lore, Bad Men, Tall Talk, Strange new world to him.—E. J. M.

NOVEMBER 1958 813

The Lost GoldPoke by Lee Martinsen

Through Indian country, mountains, deserts, "Hurry up and get ready,"they called in a friendly swampy valleys, and narrow, rugged canyons where manner. "We'd better travel together in this weather.

danger dogged every hardearned step of himself and We can help each other out."

his weary mules—that was the life of a freighter back But Bill called: "Thanks, just the same. You go on.

in the 'seventies and 'eighties. And my father, Bill I've got to tighten a shoe for one of the horses."

Martinsen, had a good route—from Salt Lake City (It was just an excuse—he wanted privacy in travelto Butte, Montana, with two heavy wagons in the ing with that gold poke.)

spring; then to Canada, and return to Salt Lake City The six men left moments later, waving goodbye

by the dead cold of winter. and good naturedly telling him not to delay too long

But this once when Bill returned to Butte from in that weather.

Canada, snow was already falling in what was surely Bill started his morning chores, feeding his team, to be an early hard winter. He knew he must travel eating breakfast himself, then loading his gear on the

faster than his heavy freight wagons could go if he wagon, not hurrying in order to give the men a big were to get home to Salt Lake City before the trails start before he went for his gold. When he did, it

were closed by drifts and ice. was gone! His summer of hard work plus the value

Bill sold his freight outfit in bustling Butte, buying of six mules and two freight wagons were gone. He

a light wagon and a good team of horses, and was on tore at the mound with his hands, flattening it, but his way home. He now carried about twentyfive the gold just wasn't there!

hundred dollars in gold dust—a sizable poke—which What would his family do through a hard, cold

was his profit for the northward trip, plus what he winter? Where and how would he get another start

received from his freight outfit. as a freighter? Those thieves! He would catch those

Traveling south as fast as his team could stand the men and get his gold back or die in the attempt!

heavy going, he pulled into Beaver Canyon, a deep But in taking another look at his own campsite, he gorge on the Idaho side of the divide, just as the sun knew that it couldn't have been they. There were no

was setting in the early winter evening. He had to tracks in the snow except his own near the mound or

make camp soon for the night. He knew a familiar between the two campsites. They couldn't have taken

campsite up ahead, and drove toward it. But he was his gold; but what happened to it?

surprised to find six men already on those campBill took a shovel and started digging into the dirt grounds! mound. Frantically he dug for about five hours,

There was plenty of room for him, but to Bill's following the hole as it twisted and turned in the observing eye those campers were pretty roughearth. About ten feet from the starting place and

looking. The first thing Bill thought about were the five feet deep, he found his precious gold intact. The

chances of being robbed of his gold, his outfit, and inquisitive little animal had dragged the gold poke even his life. into his den.

It was dark in the canyon now and too dangerous All this happened before I "was born. As a man I

to drive on, so he camped near to the six men and retraced that freight route with my father, Bill their wagon. Where was some place to hide his poke? Martinsen. Standing in Beaver Canyon, this pioneer

Going about his chores, he decided to bury the gold. of rawhide and spring steel pointed out the site of

He found a mound of dirt by a hole of a rodent, and the mound, and brushing a tear from his seventyyear- buried his poke, being careful to cover it over again. old eyes, finished the story with: "My son, this was the

He retired feeling better about the night ahead, wakbest lesson of my life. Never, under any circuming in the morning to find his strange neighbors for stances, accuse anyone of dishonesty unless you have

the night almost ready to break camp. positive proof of your accusation."

NOVEMBER 1958 815 Leadership Development

The Threeby Sterling W. Sill Fs

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

One of the first steps toward any accomplishment wide is the gate, and broad the way, that leadeth is to find out what the problem involved in that unto destruction, and many there be which go in accomplishment is. Effective leadership in or out thereat."(Matt. 7:13.) That is, a very large perof the Church, must know the goal to be reached and centage of people disqualify themselves for the

the difficulties that must be overcome. In Church celestial kingdom for other reasons. We must know

work we need to know why some people are not "on what those reasons are if we plan to give effective schedule"for the celestial kingdom and what to do help.

about it. Effective treatment must always be preWe all know about the subheadings of learning

ceded by an accurate diagnosis. We should therefore called "The Three R's."But how much do we know

ask ourselves, what are the sins that make people about the subheadings of sin called "The Three I's?"

lose their blessings? The Three I's are particularly dangerous because they

The Lord has made it clear that the two most are usually regarded as "the little sins."Yet they

grievous sins are: first, the sin against the Holy undoubtedly cause more people to lose their exaltaGhost, and second, the shedding of innocent blood. tion than all of the other sins combined. That is, "it

Now suppose that we figure out what percentage of is not the giant redwoods that trip us up as we walk the people in our particular ward or stake will be through the forest; it is the vines and the underbrush."

kept out of the celestial kingdom because of these In fact, the three I's might appropriately qualify two most serious sins. Fortunately we would find the among the sins as "The Big Three."They are:

percentage to be very small. Yet we know that "... Ignorance, Indecision, and Indifference.

Ignorance "suspended judgment."Ancient Israel had this

problem. Elijah said to them, "... how long halt

To become a son of perdition, one must sin ye between two opinions? if the Lord be God, follow

against great knowledge. That is the sin of the him: but if Baal, then follow him."(I Kings 18:21.)

greatest enormity. But the sin of the greatest freIn other words, Elijah said, "Make up your minds,"

quency is ignorance—that is not to know in the first But the record says, "And the people answered him

place. The religion of Jesus has always suffered more not a word."(Idem.) That is the pattern of most

from those who did not understand than from those indecision. We just don't move, one way or the

who opposed. It is largely our ignorance that stands other. Our minds are left dangling between choices.

between us and our blessings. Procrastination is a part of indecision. When we

Upon the cross Jesus said, "Father, forgive them; can't or won't make up our minds we just postpone

for they know not what they do...."(Luke 23:34.) action, sometimes permanently. Just think how many

The sin of the Jews was the sin of ignorance. They people lose their blessings because of procrastination.

didn't understand. Pilate didn't know the real idenSo far as frequency is concerned, procrastination is

tity or importance of this young peasant carpenter a far greater sin than murder. No one would dewho was standing before him. But why didn't he liberately choose to miss the celestial kingdom, but

know? There is only one logical answer, and that exactly the same result can be achieved by just a

is that he had not invested the time nor the honest series of postponements, until our will gets weak and effort necessary to find the truth. Pilate could have our interest dies. Everyone wants to go to the

found out who Jesus was if he had made an earnest celestial kingdom sometime; they just don't want to

and adequate investigation. For "they never sought go right now.

in vain who sought the Lord aright."They only fail Recently a mission president talked with an eightyto find who fail to seek. nineyear-old investigator who kept putting off joinAlmost all of the sins in the world are in one way ing the Church. The mission president said, "Do you

or another the sins of ignorance. This was true in believe the gospel is true?"The investigator said,

the days of Noah; it was true in the days of Jesus; "I know it is true as well as you do."The president

it is true in our own day. The young man who dissaid, "Do you believe that Joseph Smith was a

obeys the ten commandments doesn't really underprophet?"The investigator said, "I know that as

stand what he is doing. The young woman who fails well as you do."The mission president said, "Then

to develop her spirituality by not obeying the word why aren't you baptized?"The investigator said,

of the Lord doesn't know what she is doing, nor does "Don't rush me. I'll let you know when I'm ready."

she realize what the consequences are going to be. He is already eightynine. Think of the blessings he

Some sins may be forgiven, but who can forgive us has lost by procrastination.

our ignorance? After too much procrastination and vacillation,

There is an old fable that tells of a horse that once some actually lose the power to make a decision. I

ran away from its master. Then the horse repented know of one man whose mind is so perfectly baland returned and said to its master, "I have come anced between the positive and the negative that

back."The master said, "Yes, you have come back, he has great difficulty getting an opinion either one

but the field is unplowed."It is very difficult to way or the other. His mind resembles a teetertotter

repent of unplowed ground, and it is very difficult in perfect balance. There is as much weight pressing

to repent of lessons not learned and selfimprove- down on one side as on the other. He has difficulty

ment not made. To dispel ignorance is one of the getting enough of a majority on either side to get

great challenges to those who have Church leader- a conviction. Another man just about wears himself

ship responsibilities. out every morning trying to make up his mind

whether or not he is going to shave. He rubs his

Indecision chin and makes up such a perfect mental balance

The second "I"is indecision. Some sins are comsheet of pros and cons that his mind locks in neutral.

mitted because 'we do wrong; other sins are This same infirmity holds some of us back in our

committed because we do nothing. Some people Church work. We have difficulties making firm dejust don't make up their minds one way or the other. cisions about things. There are some people who

In consequence, they develop a kind of permanently haven't made up their ( Continued on page 879

NOVEMBER 1958 817 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

Qt>*>A> 'JtcJlA

<64,*4h \J\XJLAit'

The title of this article implies that good discipline the control of normal and abnormal behavior. How

is a matter of good teaching. Although the implicathis control is achieved will depend in large part on

tion is not entirely justified, it does have much basis the personality of the teacher. In most classrooms

in fact. It is not that the good teacher has no behavior today, desirable control exists where students are

problems or potential disturbances, but the good properly motivated to perform the tasks of learning teacher has learned and applied preventive techniques and do so in relaxed, friendly atmosphere. Hence,

and proper corrective measures which minimize good discipline becomes basically a matter of interestbreaches of acceptable conduct. ing both the individual and the group on the group

Successful discipline must take into account three level. Normal problems of misbehavior are at a

basic factors: first, what good discipline is; second, minimum when a class is properly motivated. Howwhat the causes of disciplinary problems are; third, ever, abnormal behavior problems may still exist and

corrective procedures that can be followed. often need careful attention or even help from agencies outside the classroom or school.

Good Discipline In order to operate an effective and rightful conOne definition of discipline is, "Control gained by trol, the good teacher must first be aware of the posenforcing obedience or order."Actually as many sible causes of poor conduct before he can either

definitions exist, as do different schools of thought prevent or correct it. The two basic roots of disciplias to what constitutes proper classroom control. nary problems are those caused by the teacher and

Views on the subject range from complete autocratic those caused by the students.

control by the teacher (typical in schools a century ago) to some modern liberalists who allow complete Problems Caused by Teachers freedom and expression. The latter approach leaves Violation of the rules of conduct are usually atcontrol largely to the group of students with guidance tributed to students, but students are not always the

by the teacher in imposing needed restrictions on basic problem. Many times, in instances where stubehavior. dent conduct seems at fault, the problem can be

In teaching, then, discipline can be considered as traced to some weakness in the instructor or his

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by Don F. Colvin

Seminary Instructor

South High, Salt Lake City

lems are: lacking in preparation and organization;

lacking variety in methods; making assignments too

difficult, too easy, or too ambiguous; failing to insure

the comfort of students (heating, lighting, ventilation, and so forth); being too easily swayed or taken off

the subject by student pressures; testing of subject

materials not covered by the class; failing to make

clear the learning procedures to be followed; spending time out of the classroom; lacking any democratic

methods. Disciplinary problems caused by teachers approaches to learning.

usually fall into two basic classifications—lack of social

skills and lack of teaching skills. Problems Caused by Students

Lack of social skills. Many problems arise in this The disciplinary problems caused by students genarea because of the teacher's being guilty of any or a erally fall into three classifications:

combination of the following: embarrassing a student (a) Relationship of students with other students.

in front of his peers, being rude or impolite, being Behavioral problems arising here are as follows:

too stern, playing favorites, being inconsistent, failing cheating on examinations or assignments, not passing, to hold sacred that which a student has privately flirting, noisy conversing, the disliking of others in confided to the teacher, being unaware or failing the classroom, and developing of cliques and so forth.

to give consideration to students with handicaps, (b) Relationship of students to school activities.

ignoring or treating lightly reasonable requests or The teacher must be aware of and sensitive to some questions by the students, being moody, allowing of the following situations which, if not handled overfamiliarity with students (being one with them properly, can cause real disciplinary problems: the

but not one of them ) last few days of school; the days just before a holiday

Lack of teaching skills. Some common failures of or vacation period; the period following pep rallies

teachers in the areas which breed disciplinary probor assemblies; events such ( Continued on page 877)

NOVEMBER 1958 819 Melchizedek Priesthood

. y.,.;:>.... y. %.

Priesthood Quorums

in the Missionary Cause

What part should Melchizedek Priesthood quorums as becometh those who serve as the Lord's agents.

play in carrying forward the organized missionary Too few of our brethren are "ready always to give an work of the Church? answer to every man that asketh you a reason of the

True, every member of the Church—male or fehope that is in you."(I Pet. 3:15.)

male, priesthood bearer or not—is under solemn With special reference to the proselyting work, and

covenant, made in the waters of baptism, to spread in addition to the regularly scheduled lesson material, the message of the restoration and to take every honpriesthood quorums should train their members in orable opportunity to tell our Father's other children presenting the lessons in the standard missionary about the plan of salvation. This is a personal obliplan. Returned missionaries who are familiar with

gation; it is carried on in addition to the organized these lessons could be used to good advantage in

missionary enterprises of the Church. teaching them. It is recommended, for instance, that

But what part should the priesthood quorums as elders quorums hold regular cottage meetings with such play in spreading the gospel? Are they doing their own inactive brethren and that they teach these

all they can where the formal and organized missionbrethren the lessons in the regular missionary plan.

ary work of the kingdom is concerned? It would also be an excellent thing if all quorum

Here are some concrete suggestions: members would read and gain a working knowledge

1. Missionary Training Program of all of the proselyting literature of the Church.

Please read pages 23 and 24 of the Melchizedek Stake mission presidents will be happy to make tracts

Priesthood Handbook. Note that one of the three available for this purpose.

great duties resting upon the Church is "to teach the 2. Actual Missionary Service

gospel to those who have not yet heard it or accepted An increasing number of quorum members should it."Note that priesthood quorums are organized to qualify themselves to serve as missionaries and

aid in carrying on the responsibilities resting upon should arrange their affairs so they can serve on stake the Church; and then note that the first of four oband foreign mission assignments. This obligation to

jectives which these quorums have is to aid their serve as full or parttime missionaries rests upon members "to become better acquainted, through careelders, seventies, and high priests.

ful study, with the doctrines of the gospel and their As a matter of fact, all of the young brethren called application to life."into the foreign missionary service may well go out

There is a woeful lack of real gospel scholarship as elders rather than as seventies. The effect of this

among priesthood holders. Counsel such as, "Search policy is to return zealous and enthusiastic missionthese commandments"(D & C 1:37), though falling aries to their homes for service in elders quorums

from the lips of Deity, has not been obeyed as fully where their talents are needed more than they would

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA be in high priests or seventies quorums. Further, "And again, verily I say unto you, that every man

young returned missionaries are benefited by such a who is obliged to provide for his own family, let him policy because of the opportunities for priesthood provide, and he shall in nowise lose his crown; and

service in elders quorums which would not in praclet him labor in the church.

tice be available to them if they were seventies or "Let every man be diligent in all things. And the

high priests. idler shall not have place in the church, except he

Many older and more mature brethren and their repent and mend his ways."(D & C 75:2326, 2829.)

wives, who do not have family obligations to keep Such was the command in 1832; and such is the

them at home, might well be called to serve six principle both then and now. True, the Lord is not

months or more in the fulltime missions. There is now calling brethren to make the great financial sac-

a great need in many missions for the services of rifices in connection with spreading the gospel that experienced couples who can both do active prosehe called them to make in the early days. But nonelyting work and become great pillars of strength in theless there are many more of our priesthood

small mission branches. brethren who could go on missions, particularly if

3. Financial Help for Families of Missionaries their quorums would give partial assistance to the

Priesthood quorums should give financial assistfamily at home, as for instance in planting or harvestance to the families of missionaries in cases where ing crops.

such is needed. Such a practice will, of course, 4. Quorum Missionary Funds

mean that greater numbers of brethren will be availEvery Melchizedek Priesthood quorum should colable for short or fullterm foreign missions, and it is lect and disburse substantial amounts of money in conformity with the revealed word. through a quorum missionary fund. This should be a

"... thus saith the Lord unto you, O ye elders of separate account from the general funds of the quomy church,... rum, and it should be administered on a quorum and

"... it is the duty of the church to assist in supportnot a group basis. Groups having missionary or other

ing the families of those, and also to support the funds are expected to turn them in to the quorum for families of those who are called and must needs be use and replenishment.

sent unto the world to proclaim the gospel unto the Fulltime missionaries should never be supported by world. quorums or others than their immediate family, ex-

"Wherefore, I, the Lord, give unto you this comcept to the extent absolutely necessary in the indimandment, that ye obtain places for your families, vidual case. Individuals and families are expected

inasmuch as your brethren are willing to open their to make whatever sacrifice is consistent with reason hearts. and good judgment to send their own relatives on

"And let all such as can obtain places for their missions. But there are many people in the Church

families, and support of the church for them, not fail who are otherwise worthy and qualified, who never to go into the world.... could have the joy of (Continued on page 862)

NOVEMBER 1958 821 The Presiding

Bishopric 's

Page

REPORT ON AWARDS ISSUED DURING 1958

While we are still receiving a few belated applications for awards for last year, the records are so nearly complete as to justify their publication at this time.

While there has not been an increase in the number of stake awards issued, this is not disturbing because we cannot complete this feature in our program until the very last—after we have heard from all of Calvin Jensen Glade Perry Evan L. Echols

the wards. There will yet be a substantial increase in

the number of stake awards issued for last year. PRIEST RECEIVES

The records to September 1 indicate that the followNATIONAL HONOR ing numbers of awards and attendance seals were approved for 1957. We publish a comparison with Calvin is a priest in the Boise Sixth Ward, Boise (Idaho)

the total issued last year for 1956: Stake, and has earned five individual Aaronic Priesthood awards

Awards Issued to Last Year inNationalas manyCouncilyears. of HeHiYwasandrecentlyTri-HiYelectedorganizationspresident ofof highthe

and Seals Sept. 1, 1958 Total school students devoted to extending the high standards of

Stake Awards 11 21 Christian character in home, school, and community. Calvin's

Ward Awards 494 474 stated goal is "To promote higher ideals in the hearts and 100% Seals 6,807 5,915 minds of American youth."

95% Seals 6,369 4,906 90% Seals 5,227 4,209 CHALLENGING RECORD

Individual Awards is a priest in the Glade Pleasant View Second Ward, East

Stake.Priests 7,672 6,957 Sharon (Utah) has attended all priesthood He and

Teachers 10,551 9,138 Sacrament meetings in his ward for four years; was president

Deacons 9,812 9,982 of the deacons quorum;, has earned the Duty to God Award;

Totals 28,035 26,077 is a ward teacher; and has recently received his Eagle Scout

Award.

Our award records for 1958 are nearly completed.

In the little time remaining until December 31, stake PERFECT ATTENDANCE and ward leaders in the program for Aaronic Priesthood under 21 are respectfully urged to check every Evan is a priest in the Gilbert Ward, East Mesa (Arizona) young man's record and, wherever possible, help him Stake, and has established the exemplary record of perfect to overcome any lag which may keep him from receivattendance at priesthood meeting, Sacrament meeting, and

Sunday School since he was ordained a deacon nearly seven ing the individual award for 1958. years ago. Evan is the son of Charles and Evalyn Echols.

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SACRAMENT MEETING ATTENDANCE a result of force rather than of goodwill. Prejudice,

COMMANDED BY THE LORD hate, and jealousy are still deepseated. Secretly

burning in the hearts of the leaders of some nations

The primary purpose for attending Sacrament are the desires for revenge.

meeting is to partake of the Sacrament. For this reason Permanent and satisfactory peace depends upon

this meeting has been designated as Sacrament meetwhether nations shall effect a peace built upon justice, ing. Despite the clarity of two revelations given in equality, and fairness for all. Those who dictate the

this dispensation instructing the members of the terms of peace should have in their hearts the spirit

Church to go to the house of the Lord on the Sabbath of peace, and this is determined largely by the attitude day, there are those who believe if they attend Sunday and desires of the people whom they represent. We

school and partake of the Sacrament, they are under are willing to talk about our ideals, let us be willing no obligation to attend this meeting. to live by them. We can best let our influence for

The Lord first mentioned partaking of the Sacrapeace be felt by living in peace and harmony with our ment in this dispensation when he gave to the Prophet families and our neighbors.

Joseph Smith the revelation on Church government. For all of us at this Christmas season, there should

On that occasion he said, be a revaluation of all fundamental Christian prin- "It is expedient that the church meet together often ciples, with the resolution to incorporate in our lives to partake of bread and wine in the remembrance of those things we need most. Let us determine to give

the Lord Jesus."(D & C 20:75.) those gifts which Christ gave. It was said of him, "he

went about doing good."This is within the reach of all

Later when emphasizing the sanctity of the Sabof us, and in so doing there will be found a place for bath day, he instructed the Saints to go to the house each of us in the hearts of our fellow men. Let us not

of prayer on this day to offer up their sacraments. try to take more from life than we give. Before in-

(Ibid., 59:9.) The first of the foregoing revelations dulging in luxury let us think of those who may lack

was given sometime in April prior to the organization even the necessities. When we give of our material

of the Church, April 6, 1830. Sixteen months later, substance, let us do so with our full love, that our

August 7, 1831, the second revelation was given. hearts may expand through giving.

Since the first Sunday School was not held until While we are giving, here are a few suggestions

December 9, 1849, there can be no doubt that the Lord which will enrich both the giver and the receiver:

was referring to Sacrament meeting and not to Sunday love, affection, sympathy, understanding, courage to

School in both of the revelations referred to. Sacrathe fearful, tolerance to the erring, and strength to the

ment meeting, therefore, is the official meeting of the weak. Remember that one kind word may send our

Church. While Sunday School is a wonderful meetneighbor in quest of a better life. These are gifts we

ing, it does not in any way take the place of Sacrament can give each day, and by being generous we bring meeting. There is no reason for confusion in this love to our homes, peace to neighbors and to our

matter. All members of the Church are under obliganation, and joy to our Father in heaven. Peace for

tion to attend Sacrament meeting each week. the world rests upon the practise of these Christian

fundamentals in our daily lives.

STUDY GUIDE FOR WARD TEACHERS DECEMBER 1958 INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE

FOR JANUARY 1959 The Spirit of Christmas Our Book Of Life The Christian world is once again preparing to commemorate the birth of Christ. The message of As we begin another new year, it is a good time to

"Peace on earth, good will toward men"will be relook back over the progress of the past year. This one

emphasized. While we are at peace, it must be thought we should keep fixed in our minds—there are

acknowledged, that it has not come to us in the spirit no second editions of the book'of life. The pages are

of peace, but because the power of some nations to written as we live them. There will be no revisions

make war has been completely dissipated, and other except as we may make them by living better today nations are held in check because of the power of than we did yesterday. Only in this way can we

their enemies. The peace that we enjoy has come as improve our book of life.

NOVEMBER 1958 823 Through the Eyes of Youth

<.(. Wickedness never Was Happiness 13

By John Harmer

One night, about a year and a half ago, I stood in escaping our responsibilities? No, this is not peace!

the midst of a great crowd of people, a people that Peace is a deep and rich possession. It is not bewere seeking happiness through wickedness on New cause we have material abundance that we have

Year's Eve. These people were seeking happiness happiness. It is not because of some superficial

through drinking, through loud laughter, through pleasure, because of some outward experience, that other sensuous ways, and as I watched them I felt God grants us peace. But peace and happiness are

in my heart a great pity and a great love for them. vibrant and joyful possessions of the inner being.

I knew these people. Each day I had entered their It was this peace that the Prophet Joseph felt when

homes, and I had testified to them of the gospel of he went from Nauvoo to Carthage, even as a lamb to

Jesus Christ, and I knew that for the most part they the slaughter. It was this peace that filled a pioneer

were not a happy people. They had decayed spiritfather as he entered Salt Lake Valley, having left

ually, and they were dying because they had turned on the long trail from Illinois, a wife and three chilaway from the commandments and the laws of God. dren buried in unknown graves. It was this same

As I watched them I realized that they would peace that filled the Savior as he stood after prayer in never find true happiness so long as they sought it in Gethsemane, and faced with calm assurance the most ways contrary to the will of God. In the army I had terrifying experience that has ever befallen any inoccasion to associate with a large number of men dividual in the history of the world.

who were never going to learn to realize that wickedness is not and cannot be happiness. I remember Because they obeyed

especially one young man who continually chided Is there anyone so foolish as to believe that such me for my refusal to go with the boys on their "happy"peace, such eternal happiness as filled their hearts night out. I remember, too, when he broke out with was the result of some dissipating act? It was theirs

great open sores on his arm and his face, mute evibecause they had obeyed, because true peace and true dence of the venereal disease that was eating away happiness is the result of righteousness, and righteoushis body, and the look on his face then was not one ness only. The great Greek poet Horace wrote these

of happiness. words: "Reason and sense remove anxiety, not houses

that look out over the sea. Why should we move to

What is wickedness? find climates and countries of another kind, for what

What is wickedness? It is the disobedient act. The exile can leave himself behind?"

young person who finds himself or herself in trouble As young people we face the most challenging or in a sad situation in life can usually check back period in the history of the world, and if, as the youth and find it is because of having disobeyed the will of of Zion, we could learn one lesson today, would it

God. For wickedness is disobedience, and the result not be to learn what is true happiness, how to

of disobedience is unhappiness, and it is just as true attain it, how to keep it? Suppose our material posthat righteousness is obedience, and the result of sessions were taken from us, what would be the

righteousness and obedience is true happiness. source of our happiness then? If we have been wise,

What is happiness then? Do you remember the our happiness will still be ours because it will be

Lord telling the Prophet Joseph Smith these words: within. It will have been the peace that God promised

"But learn that he who doeth the works of righteousthose who serve him in righteousness.

ness shall receive his reward, even peace in this world, One may ask, is there a formula for gaining such and eternal life in the world to come."(D & C 59:23.) happiness? Perhaps there is. For myself I have chosen

And so we are promised that happiness is peace, and three statements by the Savior as guideposts along what is this peace? Is it mere rest from toil? Is it my pathway to try to find (Continued on page 883)

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In all gospel dispensations, the Lord has raised up great prophets to direct his work upon the earth. Nine

men have thus been chosen in the "latter days."Each

has been especially qualified and trained to accomplish the tasks required. All have devoted, without qualification, their lives to the service of God and his people, and

God has walked with them all their days. These are the

"prophets, seers, and revelators"of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints. In word and fullcolor picture The Improvement Era presents in the pages that

follow these nine men who have served as

The nine oil portraits reproduced herein were painted especially for the Los Angeles Temple. The artists who painted the pictures upon assignment from the Church are: Edward T. Grigware (The Prophet Joseph

Smith and President Brigham Young); Harris Weberg (Presidents John

Taylor, Wilford Woodruff, and Lorenzo Snow); Alvin Gittins (Presidents

Joseph F. Smith, Heber J. Grant, George Albert Smith, and David O.

McKay.) The written word is by Elder Gordon T. Alfred, with assistance

from other members of The Improvement Era staff.

Joseph Smith, the Prophet of the restoration, born December 23, 1805 at Sharon, Vermont;

first vision, spring 1820;

received Melchizedek Priesthood 1829; organized the Church April 6,

1830; sustained January

25, 1832 as President of the High Priesthood;

martyred June 27, 1844, Carthage, Illinois.

A lofty polished granite shaft in the Green questions of humanity—the true nature of God

Hills of Vermont and an aging headstone on and the Godhead, the truth about preearth a hill overlooking the Mississippi River in Naulife and the creation of the world, the purpose voo, Illinois, mark the birthplace and burial of mortality and the destiny of man, the misplace of Joseph Smith, Jr. Between these two sion of Jesus Christ, the true meaning of the

monuments, and encompassed in a short life atonement and resurrection, and the nature of of less than four decades, is crowded such a eternity and eternal progression. In addition,

multitude of momentous events, impressive expeout of revelation came new truths concerning riences, and great deeds, that it seems incredible the sacredness and eternal nature of the family that they could have happened to one individual and marriage, freedom and free agency, a happy in such a short period of time. society, the importance of education, and the

But happen they did, and to Joseph Smith, the necessity of work for the dead.

American Prophet! During these same years he organized the

This was the man who Josiah Quincy, Mayor Church, set up an extensive missionary system, of Boston, predicted in 1844 might be named by built one temple and started another, built the future generations as the historical American of largest city in Illinois and became its mayor, the nineteenth century who has exerted the most established a model city government, headed a powerful influence upon the destinies of his military organization, was a candidate for Presicountrymen. dent of the United States, and planned the

While still a boy of fourteen Joseph Smith westward migration of the Saints.

was visited by God the Father, and by his Son, All this, and much more, he did in the face

Jesus Christ, and told of the work he had been of great adversity and relentless persecution.

chosen to do. Eight years of schooling followed, Some fortyseven times he was arrested on false

during which time he was visited eight times charges and spent long months in jail. He subby a heavenly messenger. This left but sixteen mitted voluntarily to arrest on June 24, 1844,

years of his earthly life. which he knew would be his last. Three days

In those sixteen years he translated the Book later a lawless mob brutally murdered him.

of Mormon from ancient inscriptions on gold The Prophet was dead, but the true test of plates; received revelations from heaven which his divinity was just beginning. Could the comfill a 250 page book (the Doctrine and Covebined forces of evil destroy the Church he had

nants), and part of another (the Book of Moses established, the work he had started?

in the Pearl of Great Price); translated some Fewer than 130 years have passed since the

writings of Abraham from one ancient record; Church was established, yet it has grown to a

wrote a 3200 page history of himself and the millionand-a-half members, with worldwide

Church; and was visited and given instructions recognition and influence. More and more peoand authority by the Savior, John the Baptist, ple are recognizing the Prophet Joseph Smith's

Peter, James and John, Moses, Elias, and Elijah. greatness, and proclaiming his divinity. The

All this added up to a restoration of the gosprediction of Mayor Quincy will yet come to pel, which in turn brought answers to the major pass.

.

**(flffilBS|HK;jjj

President B r i g h a m Young, born June 1, 1801, at Whitingham, Vermont; ordained an apostle February 14, 1835;

President of the Council of the Twelve at the death of the Prophet Joseph Smith; sustained

as President of the Church, December 27, 1847, Winter Quarters, Nebraska; died August

29, 1877, Salt Lake City.

"""Mp** *BB|iy'

One fall evening in 1832, a man named Joseph In April 1839, Brigham Young, so sick he

Smith uttered a prophecy. "The time will could scarcely stand, left his povertystricken

come,"he assured an earnest group of brethren, family for a mission to England. There, in

"when Brigham Young will preside over this slightly over a year, he and other members of

Church."The prophecy seems especially sigthe Twelve baptized between seven and eight

nificant, since Joseph Smith and Brigham Young thousand converts.

had met for the first time that very day. Following the martyrdom, on August 7, 1844,

The thirtyone-yearold Brigham Young, howElder Young assumed leadership of God's ever, was unaware of this prediction at the time, Church on earth, and three years later, was unaware that it would be fulfilled in twelve ordained its President.

years following the martyrdom at Carthage and To people within and without the Church, the the persecution at Nauvoo. Of this he was story of the Mormon pioneers is legend—their

aware: that Joseph Smith was a prophet, called flight from Nauvoo during the blasts of an 1846

of God to restore the everlasting gospel. winter, their backbreaking grind across a contiBrigham Young had followed a rugged path nent, fraught with sickness, death, and innufrom his birth in 1801, in Vermont, to the gate of merable dangers. The march of the Mormon

baptism in the true Church. Back along that Battalion, is remembered as a part of those

path, he had received the guidance and love of trials.

a spirituallyminded mother, Abigail Howe Brigham Young's pronouncement upon viewYoung, and of a righteous father, John Young, ing the vast valley and the Great Salt Lake a soldier of the Revolutionary War. He had beyond, July 24, 1847, is readily quoted by both

known the association of ten brothers and sisters, Mormon children and adults: "This is the

some of whom later accepted the gospel. Along place!"

that path, when he was only fourteen, his mother When in 1850, Utah was made a territory, died, and the entire Young family was dispersed, Brigham Young became governor, and the fol- "farmed out."He made his way alone from lowing years though arduous, were ones of

then on, becoming at twentytwo a carpenter growth. The Salt Lake Temple was begun and

on the Erie Canal. Shortly thereafter he maradditional colonies started. During a span of

ried Miriam Works. thirty years, President Young directed the spirIt was several years later that he heard of itual upbuilding of God's Kingdom, pioneered

the "gold bible,"and the Mormons, at Mendon, the unmapped wilderness, built temples, a tabNew York. Mendon was a landmark. There, ernacle, a theater, roads, railways, established

on April 14, 1832, he was baptized and ordained irrigation in the Rockies, and colonized some two an elder. September of that year brought his hundred settlements with over 100,000 infirst visit with the Prophet in Kirtland, and the habitants.

portentous prophecy. Following a brief illness, on August 29, 1877,

Following this historic meeting, the Smiththe Church's second President died. A moment

Young friendship flourished, and within only before his passing, like Stephen of old, he stared three years, February 1835, Elder Young was "steadfastly into heaven,"and seemed to have ordained an apostle. Later, with the Prophet he glimpsed someone waiting. "J0SePn > Joseph,

fled by night to Far West, Missouri, and then Joseph,"came the final words. Brigham Young

went on alone to Nauvoo, Illinois, where he upheld the confidence. He had fulfilled his

strove to protect the Saints from mob ravage. obligation.

.

.:'.''.'-'''.

President John Taylor, born November 1, 1808, at Milnthorpe, England;

joined the Church in Canada; ordained an

apostle December 19, 1838; with the Prophet

Joseph at martyrdom;

sustained President of the Church October 10, 1880;

died July 25, 1887, Kaysville, Utah.

Jayohn"TBT Taylor""W?

At sixteen minutes and twentysix seconds Whether the tall, wellbuilt Englishman had past five p.m., June 27, 1844, a shot was fired fully anticipated what lay in store, no one knows.

which may have saved a life, and helped deterRadically uprooted from a life of comparative mine who would be the third President of the solitude, he was suddenly cast into the fervid

Church. On a torpid summer afternoon, violence heat of persecution, weighed down with treexploded, and some of the Church's most dramendous obligations.

matic history was made. The place: Carthage Shortly after arriving in America, the Taylor

Jail, Illinois; the event: the martyrdom of the family fled to Illinois to escape mob violence.

Prophet Joseph Smith. With scant time to settle, ill and threadbare,

There were four men in the jail's upper story Elder Taylor prepared to leave on a mission for when a mob closed in and began firing. One England with others of the twelve. Upon his

of the four had fallen wounded across a winreturn, having been blessed with great success, dow sill and was actually toppling out, when he undertook important journalistic pursuits for something hurled him back into the room. It the Church, a job for which he was well suited.

was a lead ball, fired from outside, which struck New Year's, 1844, saw John Taylor prosperous a watch in his breastpocket. and happy. June of that same year found him

The man was John Taylor. When he was critically wounded on the floor of Carthage

born November 1, 1808, in Milnthorpe, England, Jail, four bullets in his body. But the Lord

his parents, James and Agnes, would have been had plans for John Taylor. Even before his

astounded and frightened had they foreseen the wounds had healed, he was meeting with the dramatic future awaiting him. Certainly his twelve, performing his labors as an apostle.

early years as a barrelmaker and a wood turner In following years, he journeyed again to portended nothing of what was to come. England, returned, and followed Brigham Young

Had it not been for his voyage to Canada at westward, leading a second band of pioneers twentytwo, John Taylor might have plied the with Parley P. Pratt. Then came missions to

same obscure trade all his days. Possibly he France and Germany, and the Eastern States.

never would have heard of a "curious"people Twenty years of intense religious and civic called the "Mormons"nor they of him. activity followed in Utah, and on August 29,

Following John's marriage to Leonora Can1877, at the death of Brigham Young, John non in Toronto, Canada, he became interested Taylor as President of the Twelve began diin the missionary teachings of Elder Parley recting the activities of God's Church. He was

Pratt. An active but discontented Methodist, sustained as President of the Church in October

he began an assiduous examination of the re1880.

stored gospel, and on May 9, 1836, both he and Between the time of his baptism and his passhis wife were baptized. Shortly afterward, he ing on July 25, 1887—fortyone years—John

was ordained an elder. Taylor had given his entire soul to work of the

From then on, the once placid Taylor life was kingdom, demonstrating his courage, selflessness, altered, the changes coming at a rapid pace. A and love in countless ways—boldly facing rabid

few months after his conversion, he was placed mobs, giving liberally of all he owned to those in charge of all the branches in upper Canada. in need, and attacking every problem whether

A year later the Prophet called him to Kirtland, physical, mental, or spiritual with an almost

Ohio, and in 1838, he was ordained an apostle. awesome zeal.

.. '...,:......". v:

President W i 1 f o r d Woodruff, born March 1, 1807, at Avon, Connecticut; ordained an apostle,

April 26, 1839; one of the

Church's great missionary leaders; sustained President of the Church April

7, 1889; died September

2, 1898, San Francisco, California.

Wutord Woodruff

One wonders if the pages of history contain for what he was, Wilford Woodruff now dedimany accounts more incredible than the series cated himself and all that he owned to the upof near tragedies that befell young Wilford building of God's kingdom, and from thenceforth,

Woodruff between his third and seventeenth for many years he was on the move, preaching birthdays. In separate accidents he fell into a the gospel. During his first mission in the

caldron of scalding water and fell from the top Southern States, he was beset three times by of a barn; broke arms falling down stairs and mobs, and was even followed by wolves.

from a lumber pile; narrowly escaped being Just one month after his marriage to Phoebe

gored by a bull and was kicked in the abdomen Carter, in 1837, he was off on an important by an ox; broke a leg in a sawmill and another mission to the northeast. During the following

when thrown from a wild horse; was buried by summer he received word from Missouri that

an overturned load of hay and had to be rescued the Lord had called him to the apostleship, and from thirty feet of water; was blinded in a snowon April 26, 1839, he was thus ordained.

storm; split a foot open with an ax; and was Arriving with others in England in January

attacked by a mad dog. And, in later years, 1840, he found the field white and ready for

he narrowly escaped being crushed by a falling harvest. After eight months'labor, eighteen

tree. hundred people were brought into the Church.

Truly, it would seem that some power tried Certainly, Wilford Woodruff is among the greatto prevent Wilford Woodruff from fulfilling his est missionaries the Church has ever known.

earthly calling. Conversely, it would also seem Other missions followed, and in 1847, he acthat a greater power did want him to; otherwise, companied the first band of Saints westward,

he might never have survived. Strangely enough, and heard Brigham Young proclaim, "This is

Wilford Woodruff, who became the fourth the place."(It is his personal diary that has

President of the Church, lived to be ninetyone. given us much of the history of the soulstirring

Wilford Woodruff was born March 1, 1807, events of that period.) Once established in

in Farmington (now Avon), Connecticut, the Utah, his labors became even more intense;

third son of Aphek and Beulah Woodruff. For touring outlying settlements, working on the

twenty years this sturdy lad toiled with his hands, temple, building dwellings, farming, placing his farming and working in a sawmilj. Along the experience and drive behind the Church and

way, he learned to read and write competently civic projects.

and familiarized himself with the Bible, his Following the death of John Taylor, Wilford favorite book. Woodruff was sustained as President of the

It was at Richland, New York, in 1833 that Church at the April 1889 conference. In April

he heard the gospel, was converted, and bap1893 he dedicated the Salt Lake Temple, having tized in icechoked waters on the final day watched its development during its entire forty of that year. That spring he met the Prophet years of construction.

Joseph and his brother Hyrum in Kirtland, Ohio. President Woodruff died on September 2,

Swiftly to recognize and accept the Prophet 1898 in San Francisco.

President Lorenzo

Snow, born April 3, 1814, at Mantua, Ohio; ordained an apostle February 12, 1849; sustained

as President of the Church September 13, 1898. In the three years

of his presidency he reconverted the membership to the principle of tithing; died October 10,

1901, Salt Lake City.

On a mountainside above the city of Piedcalled to disseminate the Prophet's "Views of mont, Italy, a young man knelt in prayer. the Powers and Policy of the Government of

There in the Alps, for six hours he humbly and the United States,"to the people of Ohio.

stedfastly petitioned the Lord for the answer to February 12, 1849, Lorenzo was asked to at- a crucial question. When the long hours had tend a meeting of the Council of the Twelve, in

terminated, he arose with an expression of Salt Lake City, and was nearly overwhelmed to radiant conviction, left the mountainside, and learn that he had been selected as an apostle.

entered the home of a man named Grey. There In October of that year he began a mission to

he placed his hands upon the head of a dying Italy, and while journeying across the plains child and pronounced a blessing. Almost into embark from New York, Elder Snow and his

stantly the child was healed, as God had promcompanions experienced some of the most reised in answer to the prayer on the mountainmarkable manifestations of God's power ever side. Through that manifestation of divine recorded.

power, the gospel was introduced to Italy. Although deep snows covered the plains, the

Lorenzo Snow, then only thirtysix, had come wind continually swept a path before them.

a long way since his birth at Mantua, Ohio, Once an Indian war party of two hundred

April 3, 1814—not only geographically, but also rushed upon the small band of elders, intent

physically, intellectually, and spiritually. He on destroying them, only to be abruptly halted,

was an apostle of the true Church, valiant in the "as an avalanche sweeping down the mountainsight of his Heavenly Father. side, stops in the midst of its course by a hand

As in the case of his great predecessors, formal unseen."When they arrived at the Missouri

education was not easily come by for Lorenzo River, "her waters immediately congealed [froze

Snow, even though his thirst for learning was solid] for the first time during the season, thus insatiable. It was while journeying to Oberlin forming a bridge over which we passed to the

College as a young man that he met Apostle other side; this was no sooner accomplished

David W. Patten and was stirred by his testithan the torrent ran as before."

mony. Later, when an older sister, Eliza R., Following his return from Italy and a second

invited him to meet the Prophet at Kirtland, he mission to Hawaii, Lorenzo developed a series readily accepted. of splendid cooperative enterprises within the

In June 1836, he entered the waters of baptism, Church, including among other things, a tannery, but it was not until two or three weeks after wool factory, sheep and stock herds, and a dairy.

his confirmation that the Holy Ghost was maniLater came a mission to Europe, and the Holy fest in the manner he desired. When its presLand which he dedicated and consecrated to the

ence was truly felt, he was filled with an inreturn of the Jews.

effable joy, a strengthening of testimony, and Lorenzo Snow was sustained President of the an overwhelming knowledge that "Jesus Christ Church September 13, 1898, a position he held is the Son of God."until his death, October 10, 1901.

With such a testimony, it was natural that A floral offering at his funeral bore the words,

Elder Snow should begin carrying the gospel to "As God Is Man May Be,"reminiscent of a the world. In 1840, he was called to labor in revelation he had once received—an exalting

England, where his efforts were greatly blessed. promise to all mankind, a symbol of that divine

Following his return four years later, he was light he had ever walked toward.

mm

.>:..:.-..'. /:,.y <;.:

....:.

President Joseph F.

Smith, born November 13, 1838, at Far West, Missouri; ordained an

apostle July 1, 1866;

sustained as President of the Church October 17, 1901; first to travel extensively in Europe and

South Seas as President;

died, November 19, 1918, Salt Lake City.

Josep ISmitti

Joseph F. Smith, son of Hyrum and Mary one for a timid soul. He was being cast in

Fielding Smith, was born in the very furnace of the refiner's fire, to become a sterling instrupersecution. At the time of his birth, November ment in God's hands. At only fifteen, already

13, 1838, at Far West, Missouri, his father and tall, muscular, and stalwart in the faith, he was the Prophet Joseph Smith were languishing in called to the Sandwich Islands Mission, where chains at Richmond, having narrowly escaped he served for four years. Upon his return he

death by a firing squad. Alone, sick, and appreenlisted in the "legion"to defend his people

hensive, with a large family to care for, Mary against Johnston's Army.

Fielding brought forth her son—one who would In 1859 he was called to labor in England. On

play such a significant part in Church history. this mission he began gaining acclaim as an eloMany years later, addressing a small group of quent and powerful public speaker. Following

Saints, Joseph F. Smith said emotionally, "I can this mission, he visited branches throughout

much easier weep for joy than for sorrow. I Europe, and returned at twentytwo a world

suppose perhaps it is due to some extent to the traveler and an experienced missionary.

fact that all my early remembrances were painful At about this time, he was employed in the and sorrowful."And truly, they could not have Church Historian's Office, and at twentyseven,

been otherwise. From his earliest infancy, he was ordained an apostle. Having attained that

had felt the scourge of hatred. As a child he holy calling, he rededicated his life and from

had nearly been smothered in his own home by that time forward was totally absorbed in wicked men. He had bid his father and "Uncle promulgating the gospel. Important among his

Joseph,"goodbye on that fateful June day in labors were two periods of presidency over the 1844, had watched them disappear with the other European Mission, and a special mission to the brethren along the road to Carthage. On a dark Eastern States to obtain historical information

summer night, he had heard a knock on the about the Church. Most significant of all, of

window, followed by the words, "Sister Smith, course, was his appointment as Church President your husband has been killed!"He remembered at sixtytwo, on October 17, 1901.

well the screams and the wailing that sounded During President Smith's administration many through the long, leaden hours. buildings were constructed, and the Church was

He remembered the trip west with his entirely cleared of debt. "Get out of debt; keep

widowed mother, the harshness of the wagon out of debt; never mortgage your homes nor your

captain when she would not permit her ninefarms,"was his oftrepeated admonition.

yearold son to stand night guard duty and Four times during his Presidency, Elder Smith perform the duties of a grown man. Poignantly, traveled to Hawaii, and in 1915, dedicated the

he recalled how less than five years later, his temple site at Laie. "Neat, methodical, diligent,

mother died in Salt Lake City, leaving him alone, wise, loving.,."such epithets characterize the

but leaving a legacy of wondrous courage and prophet, Joseph F. Smith, during his eighty years

faith. on this earth.

The life surrounding Joseph F. Smith was not He passed from this life on November 19, 1918.

President Heber J.

Grant, born November 22, 1856 at Salt Lake City; ordained an apostle

October 16, 1882; sustained President of the

Church November 23, 1918; served as President

longer than any President, except President

Young; died, May 14,

1945, Salt Lake City.

Heber J. Grant

Great purpose and determination guided the ing companions by singing over onehundred life of Heber J. Grant, son of Jedediah M. and hymns in a single day.

Rachel Ridgeway Ivins Grant. Such dedication, More important than all these things was the

directed toward righteous ends as it was, helped way in which he qualified himself as a servant qualify him as a prophet of the Lord, and as of God. At only twentyfour, three years after

seventh President of the Church. his marriage to Lucy Stringham, he became a

The mighty will to achieve was manifest early stake president. His account of struggling to

in Heber J. Grant's life—sometimes in humorous become a public speaker—the agonizing times

and even ironical ways. A neighbor, for examwhen he stood at the pulpit scarcely able to

ple, referred to him as "the laziest boy in the force words from his throat, his weeping in a

Thirteenth Ward,"because the lad spent hours secluded field, with shame and humiliation, and each day throwing a baseball at his barn. What his ultimate triumph—is an inspiring example

the neighbor did not realize was the motive beof achievement.

hind this rather curious action. Lacking physi- "'Never despair'has been one of the guiding

cal stamina in his early years, he had been stars of my life,"he once remarked. Perhaps no

belittled and called a "sissy,"by his baseball single event strengthened this philosophy in his companions. "So much fun was engendered on own mind or lent stronger realization to his own

my account,"he said, "that I solemnly vowed calling as an apostle than a revelation he received that I would play baseball in the nine that would in the wilderness at twentyfive. While alone

win the championship of the Territory of Utah."in the wilds, it was manifested powerfully to

Through sheer persistence, he made good the him that his calling was in part a fulfilment of promise to himself, and having done so, "retired the desires of his own father and the Prophet from the baseball arena."Joseph Smith in the next world.

More significant goals were sought and atAs with the great Church leaders preceding tained during President Grant's life, but all his him, Heber J. Grant served important missions.

efforts were characterized by the same sense of Notable were his opening the doors of the gospel dogged, unflinching determination. As a youth, to Japan, and his presidency to the European

he aspired to be a bookkeeper for Wells Fargo. Mission.

He not only obtained the job, but also labored November 23, 1918, Heber J. Grant was called

with such enthusiasm and diligence as to delight to preside over the Church until his death May his employer, establishing an excellent reputation. 14, 1945. His life was succinctly and accurately

When he was only a child, his mother atsummed up by President David O. McKay when

tempted to teach him singing but failed comhe said, "Persevering in accomplishment, sincere, pletely because he simply could not carry a honest, upright in all his dealings, positive in tune. A music teacher did no better. As he expression, dynamic in action, uncompromising

grew older, however, he was determined to with evil, sympathetic with the unfortunate, learn the art of singing at any cost. Under the magnanimous in the highest degree, faithful in

proper tutelage he finally learned to sing church life to every trust, tender and considerate of hymns in a passable manner, and on one occaloved ones, loyal to friends, to truth, and to sion astonished and nearly exhausted two travelGod—such was our beloved President."

President George Albert Smith, born April 4, 1870, at Salt Lake City;

ordained an apostle October 8, 1903; sustained

President of the Church May 21, 1945; died on

his eightyfirst birthday, April 4, 1951, Salt Lake City.

i wPflY'CfP /\/hpYf STtiifh

The banker was shocked. He spoke in blunt pointed to the apostleship—fulfilment of a promterms. Imagine a man in George Albert Smith's ise made in his patriarchal blessing years before.

position wanting to mortgage his home to reLike all of the Church Presidents before him, habilitate a seemingly hopeless alcoholic. from Brigham Young on, he served a mission to

The alcoholic, however, wasn't hopeless so England, where he established himself more far as George Albert Smith was concerned. firmly than ever as a staunch servant of his

Elder Smith had faith that the man could be Father in heaven.

rescued from his wretched state, that, for all Less than three months before the end of his weakness, he was important in God's sight, World War II, May 21, 1945, Elder Smith was that he had great spiritual potential. Elder sustained President of the Church, and thus he

Smith, a paragon of spirituality and selflessness remained until his peaceful passing on his eightyhimself, staked nearly all he owned on that testifirst birthday, April 4, 1951 in Salt Lake City.

mony, and despite the banker's adamant disapIn addition to his intense religious activities, proval, the home was mortgaged. President Smith was extremely active in civic

The change didn't come in a day, not in many affairs. His many offices and honors included:

days. But, the man was redeemed. He overPresident of the International Irrigation Concame his problem and went on to become one gress and International Dry Farm Congress,

of the great youth leaders in the Church. Federal Receiver of Public Moneys and Special

George Albert Smith, eighth President of the Disbursing Agent for Utah. He received the

Church, had love for his earthly brothers and Silver Buffalo award for "outstanding service to sisters, and love for his Heavenly Father, a boyhood,"the highest award in scouting. Under

Father whom he communed with all his days. President Smith's leadership over one hundred

The son of John Henry and Sarah Farr Smith, historic monuments and markers have been

George Albert was born in Salt Lake City, April erected from Nauvoo, Illinois to California, most 4, 1870. Following the steps of his father and prominent of which was the "This Is the Place"

grandfather, he likewise became an apostle, and monument at the mouth of Emigration Canyon.

greater still—the prophet, seer, and revelator In addition, he was one of aviation's outstanding

of the Church. Because of this noble heritage, pioneers, and served for a time as director of

Elder Smith was ever mindful of his obligaWestern Air Express, now Western Airlines.

tion to honor the illustrious name of Smith. He President Smith was a man without guile, of

was the third by that surname to become Church warm and gentle humor, a man willing to point

President. out his own failings in order to instruct others

The fall of 1891 found Elder Smith underor save them undue embarrassment. One of his

taking his first real missionary work, laboring favorite scriptures, the fourth section of the in behalf of the MIA in Juab, Millard, Beaver, Doctrine and Covenants, contains the words, and Parowan stakes. The following year he was "... faith, virtue, knowledge, temperance, pamarried to Lucy Emily Woodruff. His second tience, brotherly kindness, godliness, charity,

mission took him to the Southern States, after humility, diligence."And these words, which

which he was selected to head the YMMIA orhe so cherished, for all they implied, became not ganization of Salt Lake Stake. only the pattern, but part of the fabric of

At the October conference, 1903, he was apGeorge Albert Smith.

... ':-..".'.. '

f s.

President David O.

McKay, born September 8, 1873 at Huntsville, Utah; ordained an apostle April 9, 1906; sustained President of the

Church April 9, 1951; has

dedicated four temples, traveled more than a half million miles as apostle and President

Eightyfive years of earth life is a long time tabletop mountain, land where the wheat stands according to man's reckoning. In the last eightyamber in the sun of late afternoon, where

five years nations have risen and fallen; mighty the hay lies sweet and pungent in the cool of

vistas of scientific progress have been unveiled. evening, when the crab apples are turning. For

Leaders, great and small, righteous and wicked there is the home of his boyhood, a hallowed have gone to their reward, and the kingdom home, often silent and empty now, faintly echohas rolled forth. All these things and many more ing the bygone days, and the memories.

have passed before the eyes of broadshouldered, September 8, 1873, David O. McKay was born,

silverhaired David O. McKay. the first son of David and Jennette Evans McKay.

Through eyes that have witnessed so much, In that home he learned the precepts of the our prophet, seer, and revelator has recently gospel and, from parental example, the godly gazed back along the everwidening wake of his life. He gained his thirst for wisdom and his

life and glimpsed at the sunlit waters: first interest in great literature, which has be-

"If I named the blessings I have at eightyfive come so important a part of his life. In Hunts-

I would list health, sweet memories, joy in labor, ville, Utah, he not only developed a love for his faith in God and his goodness, an unselfish defellow man but also for animals, the soil, and sire to serve and bless his children, loyal friends, the things it grew.

brotherhood, and the companionship and love of The same Huntsville school which President loved ones—and the assurance that these cherMcKay attended as a boy, he later presided over

ished loved ones may be ours, always and forbefore attending the University of Utah, where ever."Such are his blessings—all in accordance he became a football player, president, and

to a law "irrevocably decreed in heaven before valedictorian of his class. Then came a mission

the foundations of the earth."to Scotland and following his marriage to Emma

At fourscore and five, two decades after many Ray Riggs, the principalship of Weber Academy.

men retire, President McKay continues to carry Memories, expressions, a few general facts..

the weight of his calling with a straight back these are all that can be included in a page, and a stedfast zeal that is simultaneously humwhen volumes are inadequate. Of importance

ble and unobtrusive. While others bide life's among his endless accomplishments and offices

twilight hours to the resigned creak of a rocking was his ordination as an apostle in 1906, his chair, President McKay arises 'at dawn to meet assignment in 1921 to visit Church missions countless obligations and continues to traverse throughout the world, his presidency over the the earth dedicating temples and houses of worEuropean Mission, his service from 1934 in the ship, preaching this gospel of the kingdom, councils of the First Presidency. He was susbringing hope and joy to the souls of his brothers tained President of the Church April 9, 1951.

and sisters. Thus he stands, our prophet, seer, and reveSuch a man scarcely has time to live in the lator, in the month of November, 1958. In the

past. Eternity with all its joys and blessings words of Elder Richard L. Evans:

lies ahead. But still, the prophet of this Church "May he have wisdom and guidance and inmust feel a happy yet poignant nostalgia each spiration, and strength and health and endurance,

time he sights the waters of Pine View, and the equal to every decision and demand that faces far fields of Huntsville, Utah—hillsides below a him in these difficult times."

""'.:, Prophets Are Foreordained

by Joseph Fielding Smith

President of the Council of the Twelve

In the fardistant past before the foundations of this earth were laid, a grand council was held in heaven. At that council

plans were perfected and an organization formed for the government of this earth during its mortal probation. Our Eternal

Father, knowing the end from the beginning, chose from among the spirits those to be his rulers and prophets to assist in carrying through his eternal purposes on this earth in relation to the final destiny of men. All this the Lord revealed to Abraham, who

declared that among these assembled spirits were "many of the noble and great ones."

And God saw these souls that they were good, and he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These I will

make my rulers; for he stood among those that were

spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he said unto

me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou wast chosen

before thou wast born. (Pearl of Great Price, Abraham

3:23.)

Abraham was not the only prophet thus selected before he was born. Similar information is recorded of Jeremiah and other

prophets, and we have good reason to believe that all the prophets were likewise called and foreordained.

In this grand council, Michael was chosen to come as the progenitor of the human family and to bring mortality into the world. Jesus Christ was chosen to come in the Meridian of Time

to redeem man from the mortal state, and, on condition of repentance and faithfulness to the eternal plan, to extend redemption from individual sin. Abraham was appointed to become

the "father of the faithful,"and the founder of the house of

Israel. Moses was chosen to lead Israel from Egyptian bondage,

and Joseph Smith to stand at the head of the greatest of all dispensations, that of the Fulness of Times.

In this grand council, we are informed, "the morning stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for joy,"because they were to receive the privilege of coming to this earth and partake of all the vicissitudes of mortality, fraught with such glorious and momentous possibilities.

Speaking of the appointment of Joseph Smith in this grand council, President Brigham Young has said:

It was decreed in the councils of eternity, long before the foundations of the earth were laid, that he, Joseph

Smith, should be the man, in the last dispensation of this world, to bring forth the word of God to the people, and receive the fulness of the keys and power of the

Priesthood of the Son of God. (Journal of Discourses

7:289.)

From The Improvement Era, Vol. 44, p. 716.

You hit the high spots when you cross the Sierra by day on S. P.'s famous San Francisco Overland to California.TALL COUNTRY Inspiring scenery looms on all sides, while inside you

enjoy comfortable, lazydoes-it train travel, Pullman or Chair Car. Fine meals and refreshments, and room

for plenty of hand baggage, free. The Overland eastbound goes to Denver, Kansas City, St. Louis.

Massive freight shipments now enjoy dependable, safe

TALL FREIGHT railflatcars.movementRecentlyvia weS. P.,builtthankstwentyto ofourthesedepressedcars atcenterour

line freight -car in It assembly Houston. own was the

"Hrir- uttttil u-.i ai n,n—IB largest ever built at time number one S. railroad by a U.

—and a good example, we think, of how S. P tries to

help shippers with ever better and broader services.

The 8-state Golden Empire served by Southern Southern Pacific is one of the fastest growing, most productive areas in the United States. S. P.'s job is to match Pacific

serving the West and Southwest with this vitality with dynamic railroading. We hope our

TRAINS TRUCKS PIGGYBACK PIPELINES customers and neighbors feel that we are doing so.

NOVEMBER 1958 845 Part 1/

Preliminaries to the Restoration

by Milton V. Backman, Jr.

Swnmary of Part I: Before the gospel of Jesus Christ phenomena but also by the extensive search into recould have been promulgated successfully, religious ligious beliefs. During the Age of Enlightenment,

toleration had to be a reality, and the orthodox, an eighteenth century reformation (or it could also medieval theology had to be liberalized. Favorable be named the Second Reformation) vexed the minds

conditions for a restoration did not prevail during the of many Christians. The zeal for perfection stimuMiddle Ages or the sixteenth century. The reformers lated the intellects to embrace a program of reform of

were unable, through their rationalization, to restore the orthodox beliefs which the Protestants had inthe gospel; and they did not sponsor religious toleraherited from the medieval church. In this age, as in

tion. They merely attempted to purify the church the previous two centuries, men attempted to purify

but without direct assistance from God. At that time, religion and restore what they considered was the

Christians were not prepared to accept a radical detruth. However, the ecclesiastical priming produced

parture from their traditional beliefs. The conditions a century of bitter controversy, and Christianity itself

which existed in the world prior to the eighteenth was placed on trial. After approximately fourteen

century reveal that had the Restored Church been centuries of rigid intolerance, Christianity was subestablished, it would have probably remained in an jected to its first modern critique by reason under a isolated status, and missionaries would not have been relative degree of freedom of discussion.

able to spread effectively the message of Christ among One of the chief controversies that developed cenmen. However, the developments of the eighteenth tered about the Trinity, and free thinkers rationalized

century created favorable conditions for the restorathat it was inconsistent to believe that the Father, tion and prepared the people for the acceptance of Son, and Holy Ghost were one in body. They argued

the correct teachings of our Savior. that one, plus one, plus one produced the sum of

three and not one as "orthodox"Christians continued

After the Glorious Revolution of 1688, a century of to assert. Consequently, Christianity's traditional God

investigation, of rationalization, and enlightened thinkwas subjected to a crossexamination for the first time ing occurred. The spirit of this age was evident not since the Arian heresy had been crushed in the early

only by an increase in the investigation of physical Middle Ages. Immediately, the charge of atheism

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and scepticism was hoisted on all those who today other nations. At the same time that Americans were

would merely be called healthy religious inquirers. 1 incorporating the philosophy of natural rights to supBut the spirit of opposition did not silence these report their move for independence, the liberals and

formers any more than it put a cessation to the work dissenters were uniting politically to establish natural of Calvin or Luther. Their influence increased, and religious rights for all citizens. During the Ameritheir investigation into Protestant beliefs was extended can Revolution, the Anglican establishments were

to include other traditional doctrines. The infallibility crushed; and in 1786, Virginia became the first state

and allinclusive nature of the Bible was challenged; in the modern world to provide by selfimposed

the doctrine of heaven and hell was revised; Calvinstatute complete religious freedom for all denominaistic ideas of original sin and predestination were tions. In this same decade the spirit of peace and

replaced by the concept of the free agency of man; toleration was extended to the dissenters of New

the doctrine of the creation, as interpreted by the England, and the principle of religious liberty was average Christian, fell under disrepute by scientificincluded in the First Amendment to the Constitution.

minded scholars; and the concept was popularized As the nineteenth century was ushered in, a new

that all men were to be judged according to their wave of religious fervor swept America. Protestants,

works. These reformers also sought to enhance the in an attempt to arrest the declining status of Chrisintellectual climate by sponsoring educational protianity suffered by the impact of enlightenment,

grams; and then, they took effective command of the promoted a wave of vigorous revivals and the second

fight to eliminate state churches and establish comgreat awakening became a reality. Converts poured

plete religious freedom. into the churches. The revival spirit spread rapidly;

Since Deism, the religion of the enlightenment, was and in the West the camp meeting developed as an mainly confined to a small group of intellects, this effective institution to arouse souls to accept Christ.

philosophy did not reach the masses to the degree Crowds numbering in the thousands gathered to lisattained by the sixteenth century leaders. It is further ten to the ardent preachers that prolonged their servevident that their rational thinking led many Chrisices for days. Some of the zealots in attendance were

tians to reject the writings of Paul, to denounce the ignited into action by the enthusiastic sermons and miracles of Christ, and turn from the acceptance of began rolling, jerking, crying, shouting, and demonthe Savior to a belief in one God who never interstrating their emotional aspirations through a variety fered in the affairs of man. But these cankerous of physical demonstrations. Even though the majorblemishes in their beliefs do not eliminate their conity who emerged from the fires of the great awakening

tributions to humanity. Since the sixteenth century were satisfied with the existing religions, a few were

reformers also erred in doctrines, the leading discontent, and began seeking religious truths outside eighteenth century rationalists stimulated the process the pale of orthodoxy. Seekers were plentiful, and the

of correcting the misconception in the Protestant augmentation of the spirit of inquiry and the estabchurches. Patriots and Deists such as Benjamin lishment of religious freedom fostered the rapid rise

Franklin, Thomas Jefferson, and James Madison were of a multitude of radical sects. The Shaker, the

influential Americans who indirectly promoted the Rappite, and Amana communities were among the liberalization of the Christian theology. In harmony religions nurtured in this new environment. These

with the contributions of the leaders of the enlightenmovements were inaugurated across the Atlantic; and

ment, Christians continually grew more sympathetic when the leaders of these sects brought their followers toward original ideas and provocative philosophies to America, their societies attracted numerous conand cautiously loosened their tenacious hold on traverts. The doctrines accepted by these Christians

ditional concepts. reveal striking similarities; for all believed that their

The leaders of the enlightenment also proudly witinfluential leaders, who attempted to restore priminessed the manifestation of their ideals by the estabtive Christianity, received revelations. The followers

lishment of religious freedom in this country and of these prophets (or as in the case of the Shakers, (See page 883 for footnotes.) the prophetess, Mother Ann Lee) abandoned their

NOVEMBER 1958 847 literal interpretation of the Bible and replaced it by Son of God, but not the same as God, that he was the revealed word. These Christians also awaited divine, but distinct and inferior to his Father. They

eagerly the approaching millennium and courageously rejected the doctrines of original sin, predestination, prepared themselves for the second coming. In their election, and hell; and they supported the concept of

attempts to purify themselves, they organized into free agency and judgment according to one's works. 3

communal societies where they benevolently shared By sponsoring these unorthodox views and controlling the fruits of their labors. Their extremism was further the Divinity School at Harvard they became an influaccentuated by their alterations of the prevailing attiential body in liberalizing Calvinism. This trend was

tudes toward marriage, for the Rappites and Shakers transported into the Congregational and Presbyterian advocated celibacy, and the members of the Amana churches where ministers began to reinterpret their community frowned upon the procreation of the beliefs. Numerous Christians reconsidered traditional

human race. Increase in their sects resulted from conbeliefs, and a period of social unrest and continued

versions of Protestants, and the fact that the millencontroversy paralleled the rise of the reformed nium was right at hand eliminated the necessity of Christianity.

raising children to continue their work. At the same time the liberal sects were flourishing,

The fervent attitude toward the approaching millenmany Protestants were leading a crusade aimed against nium is also evident by the rise of the Millerites. the consumption of alcoholic beverages. The temperEven though the evangelists of that generation had ance leaders passionately spelled out the physical and

continued to proclaim the strong Puritan belief of a social ills created by liquor and pleaded for immedimillennium, William Miller won followers by anate abstinence. Clergy cried from their pulpits:

nouncing the exact date of Christ's coming. By an ex- "Drinking is an abominable sin and must be eradiamination of the scriptures, he fixed the year of the cated before Christ will reappear."Temperance

second advent at 1843; and, in 1831, he began his societies were organized and revival techniques were

mission to warn the people of the United States of the employed to reform Christians and purify society.

approaching end of the world. His prophecy was not Other Americans not only pleaded for total abstinence

fulfilled, but from his activities emerged, in 1846, the but also centered their reform in the use of tobacco,

Seventh Day Adventists. 2 tea, coffee, sifted flour, and meat. Sylvester Graham, a

Meanwhile, in New England, the strength of the Presbyterian minister and leader of the physiological

Congregational Church was being sapped by the reform movement, also recommended the abundant sudden popularity of the Unitarians. That the enassumption of fruits and vegetables; and advocated

lightenment extended its influence to the nineteenth the unorthodox opinion that man should bathe three century generation is clearly evident by the contimes a week, even during the winter months, and victions adopted by these Christians. In this period should open bedroom windows at night for ventilathe Unitarians accepted the Bible but rejected the idea tion. This era was not only an age of reform in men's

of the infallibility of the scriptures and believed in diets, but also a period when men fervently attempted emnloying reason as the basis of their interpretation to alter the morals of the iniquitous, when Sabbath of the Word of God. They believed that Jesus was the day societies proclaimed the need to return to the

OLD HOME

by Leone E. McCune

I walked today where Father walked Here all is silence now. His work is done.

Along the path from house to barn,

Now overgrown with weeds and grass. I turned to find great trees had cast

On either side where gardens grew, Their lengthened shadows on the path,

Pink clover blooms in wild profusion. And summer's sweetness filled the air.

Red barns stand sagging and decayed. This place because of him will be

The doors are barred, and through cracked panes Forever hallowed, ever blest.

I see the empty bins and stalls. I paused and felt his presence there!

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

WORLD'S FIRST SUPER LURRICANT OIL PRICEATA MOTOR

NewestResearch—NewachievementConocoofConocoallseason Super brings you the

safety of an extra margin of protection.

New Miracle of Petroleum Chemistry <Q. When does a motor oil become Q. What else? TESTS PROVE THE ASTONISHING SUPERIORITY

a Super Lubricant? A. It will increase usable horsepower, OF NEW CONOCO allseason Super MOTOR OIL!

A. When it extends its protection far improve gas mileage, extend engine

beyond the standards of convenand battery life, free you from maktional oils. New Conoco allseason ing seasonal oil changes.

Super does just that Q. Does it come in a new can?

Q. Are there other Super Lubricants? A. The brightest, bestlooking can in Corrosion! Equivalent of Wear! Analytical balance,

piston 40,000mile checking ring weight road they've the been though to now, upA. Yes, business—gold with a black oils, miles, proves finest competitive te.st,motoragainst

bull's-eye. limited use only be could so costly, allsea- allseason proves Conoco New lossNewafterConoco40,000

allas twice offers them. of at wear Conoco son superior proSuper good Super New made.. for. I waiting Q. What my next am

best as preprotection corrosion. against next tection to achieve is the first season Super oil change? tested. mium oil at standards Lubricant a Super is, wait to that best answer why The A.

motor oil price!—get New Conoco allseason Super

Q. Does it still offer motorists Conoco's today

exclusive OilPlating protection? Q. Does Conoco guarantee it? CONOCO

It even drain won't down,A. Yes. Continental Oil Company over- A. Certainly. OTHER OIL

. starts, faster.. assures autonight guarantees both New Conoco allsea- Cleanliness! Examination of

matic warmup, up to 80% less wear. son Syp er and Conoco Super Motor Oil piston ring slots after 384

of sludgeforming cywill oils the finest this Super Lubricant to be premiumQ. What you can \. i clichours operations lowduty

regularly drain use. and refill do for Simply me? rings using shows New

A. Give you guaranteed assurance that with either of these fine motor oils Conoco allseason Super still

other preusing Rings to the engine is protected under all according recommendations set clean. your

clogged! oils were mium conditions. manufacturer. by your car's

It's New!

Hottest Brand Going J It's News from 1958, Continental Oil Company

NOVEMBER 1958 849..

Unsurpassed in value Puritan observance of the Lord's day, and when abolition societies increased in fervor. The zeal for reTHREE de luxe BIBLES form was carried into nearly every

phase of American life, and the decades of the early nineteenthat irresistibly low prices century were years when humanitarian and social reforms proceeded

First it was 02227x.. fromaccomplishments.the stages of planningHistorians,to activein

summarizing this age, have often hailed by thousands of satisfied customers as an employed the term, the age of roincomparable Bible value! manticism. Extremism, immediatism, radicalism, and emotionalism

are words that writers have conClear, beautiful Jasper type, tinually applied to characterize the modified selfpronouncing intellectual climate of the generation t 64 pages of Bible Study Helps 02227x that plunged this nation into the

Marrakesh Civil War. It was the youth of this

12 pages of colored maps Persian same generation that witnessed the with indexed Atlas (goatskin), accumulation of religious enthusiasm

Center column references leatherhalf circuitlined. andcommunalthe establishmentsocieties in westernof numerousNew

164page Concordance In red or black York. In this burnedover district, a

ONLY $105 storm center for religious activity and Red under gold edges an infected region of habitual reRibbon marker vivalism, Americans first experienced

SIZE: 5 x 7Va x 13/16 the impact of Mormonism upon the

historical scene. 4 The preliminaries

of the restoration had been comso ripe for the The time was Now Oxford presents 04334x pleted.restoration that historians have some

that could Mormonism other and 04337x.. notcommentedhave been founded in any

designed to the same high period.* In fact, some scholars have

asserted that Joseph Smith created standards at popular prices! a new religion by borrowing heavily

from the teachings of various radical

Easy to read Brevier blackgroups that flourished in North face type, selfpronouncing America in the early nineteenth

Flexible cover century. Such statements reveal

that the authors have only super100,000 center column ficially considered Mormon theology.

chain references Mormonism is not merely a reflec256-page Concordance tion of the contemporary religious—includes Dictionary developments, as is evident by the

of Scripture Proper Names unique features of this religion. It

and Subject Index is true that Joseph Smith received revelations, organized a and 12 pages of colored visions society, a readvocated communal with indexed maps doctrines turn to the taught by Christ 04337x Atlas his apostles, millennial declared and grain Levant principles, asserted gold unconventional Red under edges Goatskin,

Ribbon marker half circuit, views on marriage, taught dietary leather lined. reforms, proclaimed Sabbath obONLY $11Z5 servance,chastity. Butand thesestressedprinciplesthe lawwereof AUTHORIZED

also advocated by God's prophets of

KING JAMES VERSION former ages. The accomplishments

OXFORD INDIA PAPER SIZE: 5x71/4X7/8"of Joseph Smith clearly dictate that

he did not copy from his conLuxurious bindings and first quality workmanship set off temporaries. The Prophet, in harof the other reformers with mony the topvalue features found in these period, the orthodox denounced

THREE OUTSTANDING BIBLES.

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc.

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Colorful Big K Sportscaster 9 t Winner of "Certificate of Appreciation

The first award of its kind ever made, Mountain States

Conference officials at their recent annual dinner presented a "Certificate of Appreciation"to KSL Radio sportscaster Dean Bennett for his "... wholehearted

cooperation with football officials of the Conference";

for his knowledge of the rules of the game, his accuracy in reporting and for "not trying to call the fouls before the officials blew their whistles."The Big K is mighty

proud of Dean, who has been with the station for eight years and is heard with a special sports report each week night at 7:00 p.m.

BYU 1958 FOOTBALL BYU 195859 BASKETBALL

Coach Harold Kopp's tough Coming Soon! A terrific schedand aggressive eleven bids fair ule and with what Coach Stan

this year to cop the Skyline Watts says is "one of the hotConference title. KSL Radio test teams I've seen!"KSL

—Phillips 66 has been on the Radio, Phillips 66 and awardspot with Dean's crisp, accurwinning Dean Bennett will

ate, authoritative playby- bring you each thrillpacked play report of each exciting game, at home and away, game. starting December 3rd.

PLAYBY-PLAY brought to you by PREand POSTGAMES COMMENT by BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

on the Big Salt Lake City 50,000 Watts Full CBS Schedule 1160 Kilocycles

NOVEMBER 1958 851 DURHAM makes the folding metal chairs trinitarian concept of God, but he fication of the writings located in the reyou need rAND TESTEDAPPROVEDS byalsoa replaceddoctrine thethattraditionalwas not advocatedteaching Oldestablishedand Newthe ChurchTestaments.as it Heexisted

BY LEADING in of his reformer in the Meridian by any other of Time, but a day. He

INSTITUTIONS \ FOR / replaced controversial the belief of anymanner not comprehended by VOVER 50 YEARS/ V- *'a heaven and a hell by establishing one living in his generation, and * COMFORTABLE, the scriptural concept of paradise, named the Church after its founder

HANDSOME salvation for the dead, and the three Jesus Christ. He restored the conStreamlined styling. degrees of glory. He argued against cept of preexistence and revealed

They look easier to the infallibility and allinclusive nathe blessings that temple work concomfortable use, more

. are! Extra ture of the Bible but supported the tributes to humanity. He restored they.. and

width seats and backs, truthfulness of the scriptures by the priesthood, clearly manifest its shaped and curved for translating a work that proved to be powers by his actions, and succorrect, easy posture. a new witness for Christ and a vericeeded in being an instrument in

DURABLE, EASY TO HANDLE Tested strength, achieved by using The character to carry heavier gauge steel and improved design, result of the 50 years'responsibility in experience manufacture. Easy to fold,

carry, set up again. Richard L. Evans

Among the distinguishing differences between peo

ECONOMICAL TO pie—one which classifies and separates men m

BUY AND TO USE THE significant measure—is the willingness, the ability,

Pricewise qualityand SPOKEN the character, the desire demonstrated to accept you'll find WORD to take responsibility, to follow an assignment, chairs your DURHAMwise, best investment. They through. In a sense, nothing simply does itself. Someone has to

retain their sturdiness do everything that is done. Someone has to produce; someone has

looks and good of to improve the process and the product; someone has to sell; somethrough years

roughest usage. one has to stay solvent. Almost everyone, it seems, can make some

suggestions—some semifinal decisions—but sooner or later someone

has to make final decisions—to decide what to do and when it would

always and in everything, someone has to see that every essential

POSTURECORRECT thing is followed through. And there is no real happiness, no real

LADDERBACK... contentment, no great growth of character, and little sense of

ONE OF MANY accomplishment, in running away from responsibility. And if freeSTYLES FOR dom from responsibility were ever to become an ultimate ideal, it

JUVENILES would be a matter of very serious concern. Of course there are

times when we need temporary respite from responsibility—whenALSO TABLET ARMCHAIRS FOR ADULTS we are overweary of being pressured and pushed—when we need

AND JUVENILES No. 251 some diversion from the same daily round of routine. Every person needs a change of pace, a change of sights and scenery. Vacation, yes; recreation, relief, refreshment, the of rest, hour we need that lasts... inSTYLING CHAIRS relaxation of duties, and the doing all these need. between we Nothat LAST... and LAST... and LAST! stay fresh one without refreshment. can effectively can one No

for specificatalog givingWrite complete responsibility carry relentlessly ever unrelieved. and remain But

cations illustrating the superior and sincerest in life satisfactions conthe in doing come not in dodging andstruction features folding of Durham metal chairs. Choice of channel or tubuduty; in meeting and solving problems, in facing facts, in being

lar steel frames. Wood, steel or padded, a dependable person. There is ample evidence that the Lord God

seats.upholstered Posturecurved metal, himself, when he sent us here, expected us to use our time andcontoured wire, or padded, upholstered

backs. Hymn rack attachtalents and intelligence, to think, to act, to make commitments, to

ments. Also folding tables, keep commandments, and to accept real responsibility. And one

folding chairladders, steel thing that separates men in significant measure, is the willingness, shelf units for in book use the character, the desire to ability, the demonstrated responsitake offices. libraries and New

bility, to accept assignments, to follow through. of the one And tablet armchairs! sure Be

of the best—buy Durham! great discoveries in life is finding a dependable person.

mfg. presented Spoken Square over corp. The the Temple Word"from KSL andDURHAM System, Broadcasting 1958. Columbia 31, August Copyright 1958. Dept. E-118, MUNCIE, INDIANA

America's Most Complete Line of Folding and Informal Furniture

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Vast resources o'TONEto enrich and inspire...

A Baldwin Organ in your church will provide just the In Baldwin... Precise tonal quality to enrich every

sound you desire to help establish the proper religious moment of your service: Leading the congregation..

feeling and devotional response. Only Baldwin offers Accompanying the choir... Performing organ solos.,

the organist traditional organ tone plus the unique Creating a devotional atmosphere.

additional resources of tone made possible by modern electronics. Combined with the extensive complement

of unduplicated, independentlyvoiced stops, you get subtle refinements of tone that are truly inspiring..

from quiet meditation to grand, triumphant moments of praise and glory. The Baldwin Organ is indeed an

instrument of great tonal resources and beauty. For

more detailed information concerning the selection of a new organ for your church, you are invited to send in the coupon for Baldwin's free informative new book, "Questions and Answers."

The Baldwin Piano Company - Building DD-2, Cincinnati 2, Ohio./

Please send me free BOOK "Questions and Answers"about

BUILT BY Baldwin Organs.

Baldwin Name.

PIANOS ORGANS Address

City Zone State ALSO BUILT BY BALDWIN: THE ORGASONIC ORGAN: BALDWIN, HAMILTON AND ACROSONIG PIANOS

NOVEMBER 1958 853 passing the authority and power of the priesthood to later generations.

He not only preached free agency but also restored Adam's position in history by proclaiming: "Adam fell

that men might be; and men are,

that they might have joy."5 Witnesses of the miracles of God also

were permitted to add their convictions to the one who sealed his testimony, with his blood. And unlike false prophets, Joseph Smith was

succeeded by other Godinspired prophets who have continually demonstrated to the world the reality of the restoration. An analysis of the Book of Mormon, Doctrine

and Covenants, and Pearl of Great

Price provides abundant evidence that Joseph Smith was led by God to restore to mankind truths on many subjects. By direct revelation from

God, the latterday Prophet succeeded in restoring the gospel upon the earth, and successfully reestab- lished Christ's Church for the benefit of all mankind. The fact that religious liberty was a reality, that the

orthodox Christian doctrines had been liberalized, and that many

Christians were prepared in the early nineteenth century to accept the restored truths bear evidence that this century was the most opportune moment in the history of the world for the ushering in of the fulness of the gospel. The "fruits"

of Joseph Smith are a testimony to the world that Isaiah's and Nephi's prophecies have been fulfilled.

RESPONSE

by Alfred I Tooke

The violin of itself can make no sound; the strings alone vibrate no melody;

but when submissive to the master's in fireplace The beautiful this award home, Model "A"touch, Mitchell designed built by and Coffin and

Hills Estates, of the Chestnut was built then, only then, can melody be born. the around warmHEATFORM, Model "A"

air circulating fireplace unit. This is one of

the hidden many the sale of values which have helped IwrnrCUlATIW. FIREPLACE UNIT So man himself is impotent, but in their homes.

Five HEATFORM models of various sizes are available to accommodate any design of single the Master's hands his soul awakes, or multiple opening fireplace. WRITE NOW FOR FREE DETAILED CONSTRUCTION INFORresponds,

MATION, OR ENCLOSE $1 FOR 52 PAGE 11"x 8%"BOOK CONTAINING VALUABLE INand heartstrings vibrate to the MasFORMATION PLUS 88 HEATFORM FIREPLACE DESIGNS selected from NATIONAL CONTEST. ter's touch

to radiate a lovely melody. SUPERIOR FIREPLACE COMPANY

Dept.—4325 Artesia Avenue Dept.—601 North Point Road

Fullerton, California Baltimore 6, Maryland

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Thankful Heart

If human hearts know shame, Ah, then truly it must be That this one blushes crimson.

To consider how these misered fists

Seize Heaven's every gift As though it were deserved...

To think how this vain self, In all its utter thanklessness,

Takes Life and Love As its due heritage...

Makes unproved claim To Sight and Sound And Touch and Taste "Pruningby Hands"

And all of Life's endowments... Alhrecbt(14711528)Diirer

To reflect how this ungrateful mind

Dares trifle even its mean talents into dust..

Dares squander even one small skill,

And play the profligate with Time...

To know this petty creature that I am

Dares taking Beauty for its own,

Makes property of all the stars,

The sun, the earth, the very universe,

Deems Art its rightful slave And Poetry its handmaid...

To know with what effrontery it deigns

To pilfer particles of Wisdom's fund

And make them playthings...

Make keys of friendships, coin of Truth,

And mold of Faith a luckpiece...

To ponder this...

To ponder this, and recognize too well

One's proud and selfish image there,

Reflected so in gross ingratitude...

Ah, then it is this heart must blush

And beat its tardy thanks Its sincere and humble thanks...

For this beggar's bag of blessings!

Thanksgiving, 1958 DEERE JOHNwDEERE/ JOHN Copyright 1958 John Deere Moline Illinois ILLINOIS MOLINE,

NOVEMBER 1958 855

";':"!::%*.. ': ':.

:..: -;. fS llri-

**-.-'HP W. f4

'... '

r ':t: --::, -;,v

iKWPWSgMWWWBB I

g-wtjiBH**..;::/

..... '.''.:.

The photograph above shows some of looks to the community for a healthy the people whose products or services business climate.

are used by a typical employee in indusWhat are some of the conditions try and his family. This is an example which make an ideal business climate?

of the chain reaction of benefits set off They are the same things that thoughtEveryone by just one job in a community. ful people in a community want for

Further dramatic proof of the importhemselves tance of jobs is provided by a recent Honest and efficient government, suphas a stake survey* which shows that 100 industrial ported by a strong majority of alert and j obs in a community can create wellinformed voters who have the balanced best interests of the community 74 additional jobs in a better at heart.

112 more households 4 more retail stores Fair taxes for both business and individuals, without restrictive regulations business 296 more residents in the community or discriminatory financial burdens.

$590,000 more income per year Conscientious law enforcement which climate The$360,000jobs thatmorebringin retailwidespreadsales perbeneyear porateprotectsandtheprivate.rights of all citizens, corfits like these to a community depend on Equitable pay and benefits which reward

healthy and profitable businesses. And employees for applying their full effort

business, in order to grow and prosper, and skill to the job.

*"What Industrial Jobs Mean To A Community,"U.S. Chamber of Commerce

] 'J'

if0

V

; r ": 9sPnmMM

$M

pSi liiiP ':;:*.:

Responsible union leadership and freeThere is still much to be done, howdom from unwarranted strikes and slowever, on local, state, and national levels. Building job

downs where collective bargaining is in You can help by asserting your views opportunities is effect. on the need for a good business climate a continuous effort at General organiza- a—as of community member to fill employmentQualified people Electric. To

activities, tions, in civic planning and at to prefacilities educationalneeds, with sales build help pare people for a wide range of jobs. the polls. You'll be helping achieve the and jobs in 1958, General Electric

will that enable half your local a the company's employees, facilities such as conditions communityAdequate the and owners, share men to with million businesses operate successfully—transportation, utilities,stores, banks, firms, supplier and 45,000 women of to benefit the greatest you.

hospitals, and commercial services. 400,000 firms that sell or service

carryare products Electric General in atmosphere social and culturalA help about you can more how To find out nationing out Operation Upturn—a living and will enjoy peoplewhich the climate business improve appraise and the accelerate to help wide program

working, including schools, churches, in your community, write to Business Cliupturn in business by providing libraries, theaters, a responsible press, mate, Dept. O, Box 2490, Grand Central customers with extra values.

and healthful recreational facilities. Station, New York 17, N. Y.

Throughout America, businesses, municipal and state governments, and individual citizens are taking an inProgress fs Our Most Important Product creased interest in gaining these good business climate conditions for their communities. GENERAL ELECTRIC

HOW MANY CAN YOU ANSWER?

Where does the day begin? Where does dust come from?

Do dogs dream? Why does soap make me clean? Where am I when I sleep?

you'll find the answers to your child's questions in

the children's encyclopedia KNOWLEDGE OFTHE BOOK in themmillions of children.,.the praise of that are an education child's questions, picturesYou try to answer your

for you know that nothing discourages selves. The easyto-read storybook style teachers, psychologists and parents.

an eager child more than "Don't ask so is designed to answer questions, teach READERS ARE LEADERS study habits, help your child learn good.."I don't know."questions".many It Knowledge The Book Of has made think.

It brings culCHILD. as a careerbuilder...IT PAYS to famous EDUCATE YOUR FACTFINDING SHORTCUT TO give your ture, understanding. you When child to your is as importantNothing

is just a not Knowledge Book Of as The give he these child what books, you him now. questions, his They tothe answers

it is facts. so listing designed Instead, of adult. to successful a happy, needs give become world. to the his Theyare windows

to interesting that is equally volume each taken that never be away can wealthhim CHILD! FOR FREE YOUR BOOKLET little It of child. reveals hundreds your gift of knowledge....the wonderful

free "sampler"for 24page find coupon Send in things ordinary miracles the we 12,000 PICTURES THAT TEACH around us. This unique system has earned—actual pages from The Book Of KnowlIn The Book Of Knowledge are 12,000 for The Book Of Knowledge the love of edge in color.

for your boy or girl... this

MAIL THIS FREEBOOKLET COUPON fascinating gift "sampler"FREE! THE BOOK OF KNOWLEDGE, DEPT. A k...that will kindle their imaginations... a new, exciting, fullcolor

The Grolier Society, 2 West 45th St. booklet the whole family will enjoy. Its 24 informationpacked

New York 36, N. Y. pages reproduce actual pages from the book of knowledge.

insects battle against is a birds wage paper made... how See how

24page carpet,"the "ride magic the send Please me nursery Quizzes, games, masterpieces. art great...the world's

of edition newest the fullcolor booklet taken from give your will answers questions fascinating and and rhymes, it is I understand knowledge. of FREE, the book free facts. useful your Get teach enjoyment, him child many

obligation. without ttkf and obligation. today. is no the There mail copy, coupon

There are children in my family, ages START A NEW AND PROFITABLE CAREER

Today, the fastestselling product is education. The 'Grolier

name Society Inc. has increased its business by more than $27,000,000

represales for fulltime years. openings in the last two We have ADDRESS

well. that pays It is satisfying sentatives. dignified work and

CITY ZONE Send for new career booklet, ten minutes with your future.

write copy, your For F. G. Vaughan, 2 W. 45 St., New York 36,

7-0600. Hill Y. MUrray COUNTY STATE... Improvement Era 1158 N.

1958 The Grolier Society Inc. A publication of The Grolier Society Inc.

858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Recording For Holiday Treats

Church Organists.. festive, fancy and sweet

with doublerich Morning Milk The Latterday Saint Organist is the title of a new record issued by the General Music Committee of the

Church. This record will be a great

boon to organists of the Church.

Elder Alexander Schreiner, Salt

Lake Tabernacle Organist and a member of the General Music Executive Committee, has made the recording on a 12 inch, high fidelity disc. One side of the record has to do

with hymn playing. Copious illustrations are given of hymns of different styles, such as the stately, the

vigorous, and the sustained, with brief verbal instructions. On this Morning Milk Pumpkin Pie

side are also two examples of post- (Makes 9-inch singlecrust pie) ludes. I sugar cup teaspoon (1 large sh cups can) ginger 1%

!/a cinteaspoons l Vi salt teaspoon undiluted reverse side of the The record con- 2 eggs namon MILK MORNING

Vz l'/a teaspoon sixtains cloves cups of preludes &-inch canned singlecrust varying characVi allspice teaspoon pumpkin shell pie unbakedter, all of are which suitable for Vi teaspoon nutmeg

Sacrament and other meetings. Blend sugar, spices, and salt together. Add eggs and pumpkin. Mix well. Stir

These preludes are played with a in Morning Milk. Pour into unbaked pie shell. Rake in hot oven (425"F.) 15

minutes; (350 reduce heat to moderate continue baking F.) and about 35variety of registration, illustrating

or until knife inserted in pie mixture out clean. comes Cool.the different tone colors that can be minutes,

obtained organist. the by rK.CC.COCCI BookletMornjngofMiHoliday|k di Sp|ay.Treot recipes at your grocer's are Records being recognized as a

very effective medium of education, and their use is rapidly extending to nearly all branches of learning.

They are particularly useful in the field of music where actually hearing the sound of musical combinations Nothing demonstrates the sensitive tempo of is most important. modern living: so much as the fluctuating

It is hoped that all organists of the pulse of markets and commerce.

this will obtainChurch record for And for every reader in the Intermountheir personal use. It will a source be

of great help to them in making their tain West, The Salt Lake Tribune is an hymn playing more effective and illuminating beacon reaching into their prelude music more approprievery channel of trade which may ate and devotional. affect western prosperity. You

This record be purchased may at are abreast of the commercial officethe of the General Music Committee, 69 East South Temple Street, world with The Tribune's

Salt Lake Citv, Utah, for $2.00 or complete market quotations,

$2.50 if mailed. exclusive DowJones financial

dispatches and Robert L.

Bernick's coverage of the HANDICAP AT FIFTY important events in the West's by Lucretia Penny industrial realm. Keeping the

Intermountain Your name may be Smith, Brown, or West in perspective

Jones, with the commercial world

Or Twilight McPlanet O'Dawn. is another of the essential

for every services provided I can only keep stalling every office by. and home

Now while you're calling.

It will come to me after you're gone! fbe jialt fak* %iihum

PULITZER PRIZE One of America's Grea UN ewspapers

NOVEMBER 1958 859 "For God so loved the world, that He gave His only fcegolten Son, that whoso-... ever helieveth in Him Away from home

should not perish, but have everlasting life."Richard L. Evans

John "5.16

With the passing summers and seasons, there come other beThis and times of leavetaking. Many leave home, many loved portions of

Holy Writ appear in THE young people particularly, for school, for work, for

SPOKEN other opportunities. And leaving hometies is althe sixth edition of the WORD

prospects. change is always There when one pleasant is away—BiBie nve ways in some ways a trying time—even leaving for pea situain others, in circumstances change and us, change change in version Magnificent condensed of the

King James Old and New Testaments tions. There is change in every new experience, change in every

separation, and parents cannot see sons and daughters leaving, sobering thoughtswithout leave,) those some (nor can who 6m sentiment for opportunity, with of mixed some gratitude thoughts ul Chriswas and some cause for concern. What will happen to us and to others?

NOT ALTERED ONE WORD of altering will of the there will intervene? be events What What

FITS IN COAT POCKET, '43/4 "x %". those will they back? Both attitudes? come be here when Who

HANDBAG. PERFECT TRAVELER'S GIFT who stay, and those who leave, wonder. Yet, the coming and

BEAUTIFUL, DURABLE, BLACK LEATHERlife inin always, it seems, are partings goings, the meetings and

ETTE COVER, GOLD LETTERING live separaare, if any, without some evitable—and few there who

LARGE, EASILY READ PRINT tion. (And the certainty of these separations gives us added

NAME OF BOOK TOP OF EACH PAGE. gratitude for the assurances of reunion and for the everlastingness

EVERY VERSE, CHAPTER NUMBERED of life. ) Now as to those who go: What have we a right reasonably

HANDSOME BIBLE PAPER EDITION Only $150 toplaces?expect Thisof themwe wouldwhen theysay isleavea minimumhome andfor friendsthem toandremember:familiar

AT LEADING BOOK STORES, AND that always, wherever they are, they remember who they are and

Publishers, Jhc.Crown what they are; that they remember home teachings, high standards, that they conduct; trustworthy that what courteous remember and

419 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, right basically right basically from also away must be at home N. Y. was

home—for there is no geography of principles, there is no geography

of decency, of morality, or of honesty; there is no geography as to

character, as to keeping the commandments, as to gentlemanly and kindly and considerate conduct. We are what we are, wherever HEALTH we are. And you who go away: Remember parents waiting and

wondering, parents praying and pleading for your peace and happiness and protection. Remember fathers, mothers, teachers, family,PROBLEMS? friends. And let the best of all that has been taught you, remain

bring to those guard and you you guide back and with you you to - to. love, to those to return those leave, you one would you day you LIFE

suppliesNEOFood supplement amount a KNOWN to of sent also returning here the day you remember him who And of Nutrients or organic Body from NATURAL sources at a cost of 15c a day. Children 7c to live this life.

a day.

WE ARE WHAT WE EAT! "TheColumbiaSpokenBroadcastingWord"fromSystem,TempleSeptemberSquare presented14, 1958. overCopyrightKSL and1958.the

Be sure to have in your diet NEO LIFE'S RESEARCH FORMULA WORD FOR RECEIVERS of 4 Nutrients.

"by Elaine V. Emans

1. Protein 3. Vitamins

Lord, I have long tried it, 2. Oil 4. Minerals Lipids And I, too, believe

That it is more blessed To give than receive.

Money back guarantee on purchase of 6 months'supply. Order now. But teach me the equally

LIFE NEO REGIONAL DIRECTOR Serious art

Acel Richardson W.

998 Douglas St., Salt Lake City, Utah That takings more blessed

( ) 3 months'supply $14.75 Than hurting a heart.

( ) 6 months'supply 28.50

( ) Distribute as salesman.

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!..

AID POWERFUL NEW to help you inspire faith in the

BOOK OF MORMON your \ among NONMORMON friends!

WtVlft\p\m 1.4.io-.u

Written especially for them I Hundreds of new discoveries told in a strictly objective way. An entirely new approach

... fascinating... convincing I

THIS COUPON $ -i nn

Lehi's dream portrayed on 15 tons of stone carved 2,000years ago.. WORTH 1

Nephite inscriptions in reformed Egyptian discovered in when you buy 1958...

Jaredite and Nephite cities radiocarbon dated by "ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD"clock..today's atomic

parallels ancient Middle East and between300 cultural direct from publisher at..ancient Middle America

400 pages with 160 pictures, many of them in full color, tell of hundreds of new discoveries—stone buildings, SPECIAL prepublication PRICE

ceramics, art, symbols... never before reported!

All this you will find absorbingly presented in "One Books of California

Fold and One Shepherd."The author is Thomas Stuart 682 Mission Street

Ferguson coauthor of "Ancient America and the Book San Francisco, Calif.

of Mormon,"and President of the new World ArchePlease send me a copy of "One Fold and One Shepherd"at the ological Foundation, major scientific organization now prepublication price of $5.00. (In California add 3% sales tax.

working in Central America. Bookstore price $6.00.)

Mail the coupon. Be among the first to know these newly Name discovered, farreaching facts. They will strengthen your

own faith and you can use their power in leading others Address.

to the Word of God Books of California Coupon valid until November 30, 1958.

682 Mission Street San Francisco, Calif* Book will be in the mail by December 1, 1958.

NOVEMBER 1958 861 Bigger plates Melchizedek Priesthood for steel consumers (Continued) missionary service

To supply customers with the specialty prodwithout financial aid from some peructs required for today's-and tomorrow's- son or quorum or other organization.

critical applications, U. S. Steel equipped its This is particularly true of young

Homestead Works with new facilities to heatchurch members in some foreign natreat large plates of Stainless and USS "T-l"tions where the economic standards

Constructional Alloy Steel. These facilities of the people generally are much have resulted in products having higher, more lower than in the United States. uniform mechanical properties and improved

flatness, and have made them available in In dispensing their missionary quantities to meet our customers'growing funds, it is assumed that Melchizerequirements for these special steels. dek Priesthood quorums would preThis is one example of how United States fer to aid brethren or sisters in their

Steel's many facilities are continuously imown wards and stakes who are proved and expanded to produce more useful known to them. The First Presikinds of steel for industry. dency maintains a general missionUSS and "T-l"are registered trademarks ary fund to which they have invited

contributions from individuals and quorums. The First Council of the

Seventy also renders the same service through a fund it administers.

Quorums of seventy in particular are invited to contribute their excess missionary funds to this account, so that the money may be used for the present rolling forth of the Lord's work.

Priesthood quorums should feel free to aid brethren and sisters irrespective of the priesthood affiliation of those helped. There is no reason

why a seventies quorum, for instance, should hesitate to help a young member of an elders quorum.

There should be no feeling that a young man should be ordained a seventy and thereby be precluded from possible priesthood service as an elder upon his return from the mission. The Church is one kingdom, and a spirit of fraternalism and

unselfishness should pervade all its programs. 5. Special Missionary Obligation

of Seventies Seventies should be missionaries, (USS) United States Steel teachers,pel to allandwhoexpoundersare in needof theof suchgosteaching whether such persons are in the Church or out of it, and they should be relieved of positions of presidency and administration in the so that of the organizations Church cc qimmou and their in field of the they can work primary responsibility. AJMK4ia Of As many seventies as possible

should make themselves available for service in the foreign missions.

The great majority of brethren hem serving in the stake missions should

Brigham Young University's come from among the seventies.

Home Study Department Presidents of quorums of seventy

Please send a free Home Study Catalog to: should set an example in missionary

... service. Three brethren, for inCity: State

University Young MAIL TO: Brigham

and Extension ServicesUtah Provo, Department HomeAdult EducationStudy 862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

DIRECT FROM MANUFACTURERSAVES YOU OVER 50%

ROOTW HAIR-- you can $.$

wash, Jf comb, LIVING(UNBREAKABLE LIFETIMEBABYMAGICTOUCH DOLLVINYL) cur/, W set! 1mH A/tVBO#A/ S/ISy M &/GMA way

JOINTED Lqh YOU SAVE OVER 50% BECAUSE

SELL, & SHIPWW ARMSALc TEAlV'J WE ACTUALLY MAKE,NECK, "FROM OUR FACTORY DIRECT TO YOU!

LEOSL

8. BOHNfel DRESS ttftOH

fflltruHy

Swiss vrith Sao&Lace Trim wHVi Sna?s)

HER! WILL LOVE EVERY LIHLE MOTHER the heart MONEY BACK GUARANTEE she'll melt so cuddly, talented LIVING beautiful, the Truly BABY DOLL is

vinyl, dainty cream and peaches her little girl. of MAGICTOUCH every of Made IE-1 Dept. INC., CO., DOLL FACTORY

unbreakin doll the realistic world. Guaranteed the her most complexion makes Y. Street, Brooklyn 31, N. 149 Degraw

drinks, real tears, cries real eyelashes. eyes, She blue gorgeous able, she has and rush DOLL, Please "TEARS"BABY LIVING 16 pc

set. curled, hair washed, combed, be can rooted bathes. sleeps, Her and wets, plus for postage. plus C.O.D. handling 50?; at $4.95 layette

The dreamcome-true of every little mother, our LIVING BABY DOLL is fullyFull purchase price refunded if not 100% satisfied.

jointed, and turns at the neck, arms, and legs. She comes complete with a 16 pc. To save postage, I en- I enclosed $1.00 deposit, layette, and a washable NYLON PARTY DRESS & HAT. closed $5.45. Please ship '—'balance C.O.D. plus

A magnificent picture of joy and health, the LIVING BABY DOLL is a GREAT VALUE! prepaid. postage and charges.

Remember, YOU BUY DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURER AND SAVE OVER 50% NAME. ORDER NOW! (please print)

ADDRESS.

AS LIFELIKE AS A NEW BORN BABY! CITY.ZONE STATE.

FACTORY DOLL CO., INC., 149 Degraw Street, Brooklyn 31, N. Y.

NOVEMBER 1958 863 (ML&v&

stance, can run a seventies quorum not, among other things, attend as easily as three can run an elders presidency meetings unless such are or high priests quorum. It always held at an hour when it is not ap-

:: -ftp'takes three members of a presidency propriate to do missionary work.

in active service so that the chairOnce a seventy or other priesthood manship of the three standing comholder is called on a stake mission, mittees can be filled. This leaves up he is to devote his full Church servto four of the presidents of each ice time to the missionary work, exseventies quorum available for miscept that he is to attend Sacrament

sionary service at all times. meeting, quarterly conference ses-

-'A- Presidents called as missionaries sions, and priesthood meetings.

may include, where appropriate, the If Melchizedek Priesthood quosenior president of the quorum. rums would step forth and do all

Those so serving are to be released they should in the great missionary from all committee obligations and cause, there is no end to the good other quorum duties. They need that would result.

HUTMEG CRISPS Yield: 5 dozen cookies 19

b a Cream tea9pons Locks Relying on salt. 2 "On and Laws flour. oon p 54 teasPte2 firmly and cups Poiwter. batteruo- s cup %

S L. Richard Evans teaspoon togetherUked 7 d-J*J 1. anda nTP; and extract, water iHa tablepoo

{. Add (rac e"n beat Pact to pains yoife: great protect take In our ways many blended. we egg eil f carstir butter to ourselves. safeguard property pass and many P We Cbffl ches dtents;doughintoernP 2v,und x dough all locks. after laws and JJ But make many x 2H we 5 THE y* Remove

. hours. thick ton,Mgeratorsevera 1/g h SPOKEN t into are considerations other taken account and *Me place carton, knlfe WORD from thmbla h their well, appraisal, as just given proper sharp, had we Cut a With baking9 9epagle9; on cookies is r this fact: thing as being no face such always, There first and form to table. half x in cooky locks. things safe or only simply with with laws permanently The

we can count on ultimately are honesty, integrity, and high qualities of character. No lock was ever made that gives full and lasting

375 F. (moderate; protection against a cunning and determined dishonesty—because

utes. Cool. the same kind of brains that can make a socalled safe lock can

also unlock a socalled safe lock. The same kind of brains that

can make a code can break a code. The same kind of mind that can

YOU SHOULD KNOW "foolproof"devise a socalledsystem. "foolproof"Laws and lockssystem,retardcan dishonestoutsmart people,a socalledbut

THIS theyonly integrity,don't stoponlydishonesty.high qualitiesOnlyof honestycharacter.can Andstop wheneverdishonestywe

ABOUT BAKING wheneverhave to putwe ourselveshave to trustin someoneother peopleelse'sinhands,any occupation,as we oftenin anydo,

It's the BALANCE of ingredients in profession, in any relationship in life, we should look beyond skill, baking powder that governs its leavenbeyond talent, beyond personality, beyond appearance, beyond ing action. Only when these are scienability—even beyond all these (but including them also if we can)

tifically balanced can you be sure of uniwe should look for high qualities of character. And if we can't

form action in the mixing bowl plus that count on character, there is very little we can count on. No man

final, balanced rise to light and fluffy has reason to sleep very well if his whole trust is placed in laws texture in the oven... That's the story and locks and alarms, for people have proved repeatedly, with

of Clabber Girl's double action-... Betboldness and craftiness and quiet cunning, that they can invade the

ter baking everytime! most safely guarded places, that they can perpetrate repeated frauds

upon the public, that they can circumvent accounting systems,

BALANCED CLABBe'thanaudits,weandhaverules,everandhadregulations.before, withAndmorewithmenmorecheckinglaws andon otherlocks

Double Action men, with more and more people policing other people, there is more and ever more violation of laws and of locks. Too often, in too

means many places, too many of us have too much put our trust in mere factors, forgotten physical the inner too have and makeup muchBetter Baking! *cJ of character, high qualities found of the man. But have when we

someone without evil intent, someone who knows the difference

Guaranteed r* by 1 between what is his and what isn't, what is honorable and what

Good Housekeeping isn't, when we have found someone to trust, we have found one of life's greatest safeguards and satisfactions. 1

over the Square presented Spoken "The Temple Word"from KSL and CLABBER GIRL Copyright 7, 1958. 1958. System, Broadcasting September Columbia

EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS THE BAKING POWDER WITH THE Revised

BALANCED DOUBLE ACTION

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wuess what the boy with that "hollow feeling"

finds good, and good for him!

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Ofononis THE Available in oneand twopound packages,/C* because they're made with rich graham flour and pure honey! What a wholesome way to "fill up"

hungry pantryraiders! Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams.

GRAHAMS snapThe perfectinto bitesizebetweenhalves-meal (lesssnack.crumbs).NABISCOWrapsscoresthemthemin to3

InEr-Seal wax packets for lasting crispness. Get some today.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

NOVEMBER 1958 865 Today's Family

The Family That Reads Together

by Elizabeth Larimore

One evening between Thanksgiving and Christmas Dickens who sounded oldfashioned and musty to us.

in 1926 we could hear Dad's footsteps crunch on the From the very first paragraph Dad's rendition of snowy walk as he arrived home from the office. He Marley being as dead as a doornail had us enthralled.

came in jauntily, enveloped in the cold air of his We were transported in time and place to gloomy walk from the streetcar, and peered over his steamedLondon of the nineteenth century and could feel the up glasses at my sister and me, curled in warm chill fog creeping all about us as we sat before our comfort at each end of the couch. Flourishing an cheerful fire. Mother was a good reader but not

oblong package, he announced with a good deal of nearly so dramatic as Dad. He punched every sigfanfare that he had brought us a book—A Christmas nificant verb, every colorful adjective with gusto.

Carol by Charles Dickens—and that he was going to He was Scrooge; he was Bob Cratchit; he was the

read it aloud after dinner. - Ghost of Christmas Past. Imbued with Christmas

From the time that we could sit up and listen spirit, he was giving a dearly beloved book everything

Mother had read to us. We had loved being read he had. We sighed with regret when he laid it down,

to so much that we often kept her at it until her voice saying that was enough for one night. On successive

gave out. But I was now twelve, my sister ten, cerevenings we could hardly wait until dinner was over

tainly old enough to take care of our own reading. to get back into the story again.

Dad had never read to us much before. We wondered I believe that the repeated sharing of good books

why he was so set on it now, when we were practicalforges a bond between people never to be broken. I

ly grown up. We were at the serious age, and I was started reading to my children when they were two,

engrossed in The Little Colonel, my sister in The continuing until they were ten, never from a sense of

Bobbsey Twins. We took a dim view of Mr. Charles duty, but always with pleasure. Whether the story

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For business or pleasure, for anything IN THE WEST i \ % TT5 t % Z?

the sun under flies you GO BY AIR Bonanza to the fun! GO BONANZA

Now serving 22 resort cities in California, Arizona, Nevada and Utah

RENO: I |

LAS VEGAS

APPLE VAlltV

LOS ANGELES

INTL

k ONTARIORIVERSIDE SANTA ANA

SAN DIEGO

COMING SOON

F-27 Silver Darts...

America's newest turboprop airplanes

FLY BONANZA AIR LINES

to >alt <JLake LituL Cominv y was Peter Rabbit or Treasure Island, awaiting your arrival is the new and beautiful

I enjoyed it as much as they did.

And we all enjoyed the companionship that goes with reading together.Children need a guiding hand into HOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE

the world of good literature. Just

as Dad introduced me to Dickens Conveniently located adjacent to the Tern through A Christmas Carol, then pieLodgeGrounds,offers spacious,the Hotelattractive,Utah Motor went on to Great Expectations, so I airconditioned rooms, each have introduced my son and daughwithradio. television and

ter to my favorite juvenile classics.

Bringing your children and your Also, you will find delicious foods at The favorite books together starts a lifeCrossroads to So,time of good reading habits. They restaurant.

Salt be sure your may take up comic books and a cerLake visit is an tain amount of trash from time to enjoyable one time, but they will always recognize Make your the best and return to it. reservations

Reading aloud to children is renow at the laxation for you as well as for them.

You don't need a pill to put you to HOTEL UTAH MOTOR LODGE

Max Carpenter, Mgr.

NOVEMBER 1958 867.!

NEW DRIPLESS

PLASTIC SACRAMENT SET sleep after an evening spent floating municated their affection for us and down the Mississippi on Huck Finn's wove a strong family tie.

raft. There is spiritual enrichment My twelveyear old daughter is

in discovering or renewing acquaintat the "antiparents"phase and conance with Beatrix Potter's delightsiders us tiresome people who go ful animals; Winniethe-Pooh, Tom out of our way to obstruct her purSawyer, Mary Poppins, Anne of suit of happiness. Recently, while

Green Gables, and all of the timeill with scarlet fever, she said the less characters and plots from which three words I used to hear frequentchildren absorb good taste, good ly and hadn't heard for a long time—

vocabulary, and a knowledge of peo- "Read to me!"The library is a good

ple and ways of life. distance across town, and the sup-

I know that my children and I ply of juveniles on our shelves had are not unique in this enjoyment of been thoroughly exhausted long reading together. When I was a ago. Casting about for something

librarian, I participated in story different I came up with Conan Set consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water tray, in beautiful white plastic. Large sturdy hours in big city and small town Doyle's The Hound of the Baskercrystal handles. libraries. Sarah Bernhardt never villes. I remembered the pleasurthrills I over able experienced spellbound audience. had had a more pieces: consists of tray water two The

it her, fractious too old for quietly child will most a The was it. Maybe filler,flat tray, that as used a water can be

which in turn fits into a deep tray, that hang on every word of a good story but we would give it a try. I don't

water,absolutely dripping catches ALL and well delivered. escape yarn, don't of a better and have to know You

drop for used cups, which ability hours the suspenseful Sherlock to with with dramatic be endowed sight.downis also outa receptacleof

read aloud effectively to children. Holmes and Dr. Watson in their

Sets available at What you do need is enthusiasm, the adventure on the wild English moor

Church Purchasing Dept. knack of viewing the story through took our minds off her illness, be47 E. South Temple their young eyes, so that you impart sides renewing our old companionSalt Lake City, Utah your enthusiasm to them. If you ship which has only been lying

Order for your ward today care about the characters and how dormant.

Plastical Company Inc. the whole thing will turn out, your The more you can do to establish

509 Centinela Ave. audience will care, too. something in common between you

Inglewood 4, Calif. There is bound to be, sooner or and your children in their formative

later, a strain in parentchild relayears, the better you will get over

attiin interests adultenter leave childhood apart you grow and and GIVE A LIFETIME it will tudes, there a time that hood. always There comes be when f tionship. But no matter how far that hump between the time they

OF HEALTH closeness instilled when a warm litis difficult to get through to them.

tle body leaned against you to hear But there will be understanding with

FOR CHRISTMAS a story. My parents were dignified words unspoken if you have shared

PUT A LEE and reserved. They never got down good things all along. Good literaUNDER THE TREE on the floor and romped with my ture is the best of company. I have

LEE HOUSEHOLD sister and me. But through those great faith in its power to bring out

FLOUR MILL sessions with good books they comthe best in people.

ELECTRIC PORTABLE AUTOMATIC ECONOMICAL IN THE EVENING YAW inexpenand simple A sive to get more by Patricia Duff McGinley way nutrition into your daily diet.

When you stone grind few hours flour a beThe kitchen air is sweet with newbaked pie baking you can fore really taste the difference! CHOICE OF 4 MILLS And warm with light. Here, standing at the sink,

WRITE FOR PRICES!

WRITE NOW! I watch the last sun leave the clouds and die.

Save on this introflour offer. ductory with "It's nearly six; he'll soon be home."I think. Send coupon

check or money order for 5 lb. pkg.

Flour is stone ground day shipped. The dinner's almost cooked; the table's set.

Lee Engineering Co.

Milwaukee 1, Wis, This little time alone is left to wait;

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept. IE-9

Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. Wisconsin 2023 W.

5-lb. pkg. Pp. Only $1.50 But, oh, how every minute seems to fret FLOUR, SMITH DEAF

WIS.-MINN. FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Pp. Only $1.00 Until I hear him coming in the gate.

Name

Street

City.. State

868 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,-,.:,- paSSST'-

NOW YOU SA VE A FULL $80.00!

BELL& HOWELL ELECTRICEYE MOVIE CAMERA Takes perfect home movies automatically... indoors

or outdoors... in rich full color. No settings to make!

Extrafast f 1.9 lens.

Was $169.50 NOW ONLY $8995

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1.25 a Week!

wife's name, in your send Please apply. terms Same IVIMILmam credit state, and a by employed address, city and name,

ORDER reference.

SALT LAKE CITY

273 So. Main

155 So. Main

2190 Highland Drive

iililISfl.-. -. *wma......... '-.....-. GREAT BASIN KINGDOM

An Economic History of the Latterday Saints from 18301900

by Leonard J. Arrington

Associate Professor of Economics, Utah State University

Fulbright Lecturer in Economics

This book presents as a "case study"in American economics the problems, policies, and institutions of the Mormon pioneers. It explores the vast

number of Mormon documents, many of them unexamined before, and vividly describes the impact of the California "Gold Rush"on Mormon economy, the cooperative system of the Church, the immigration system, the "United Order,"and the confiscation of church properties in 1887.

The entire book is highlyreadable and exciting and brings to light one of the most neglected phases of American and Western history.

$9.00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY r -I Salt Lake City, Utah Temple, East South 44

Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) 1 have an account. Please charge for copies of "Great Basin Kingdom."

.mount enclosed $

iiii!niLi| iiimiiiii Name.:

DeseretLfiiBooh Co. AddressCity Zone...

44 Easi South Temple - Salt. Lake City. Utah

*""State I Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

Add 15c for postage when ordering by mail.

NOVEMBER 1958 869 Goes down

WITH FINGERTIP CONTROL

STODDARD: Absolutewithout expensiveautomatic openingelectrical—

Overhead: equipment. A touch of the

handle and the door glides Steel:* silently to full open position.

Garage withPrecisionfingertipbalanceease. letsA childit closecan

Doors safelysizes, operate even the larger

SEE YOUR LOCAL LUMBER DEALER Distributed by MORRISONMERRILL FAMIL Y FINANCES

by Florence J. Johnson

Are you keeping your financial once a year such as taxes and inproblems to yourself? surance.

We learned that when the chilWhen the children added up the dren shared the knowledge, many a figures, he then gave them the problem was eased, and solutions amount of income for the month.

were willingly suggested for which The figures that had been given we would never have asked. were those of the past month, and it

It began when it seemed that the was Tom, the oldest boy who demands by the children for extra reached the answer first.

money were becoming more and "Why, there is only ten dollars

BIG 2r TALL more frequent; and that when the left,"he said, staring at his paper.

CINDY SUE DOES EVERYTHING! demands were denied, we had sul- "Yes,"said his father. "That is the

THIS ALL sits, stands, sleeps, She len, dances. unaccommodating fund."boys and emergency

ballet authentic Assumes poses INCLUDED: plus of litelike hundreds positions, is the fund?""What emergency Fully Ballerina jointed, Tutu even waist. at the

Skirt all in Turns freely Blouse directions. a family had asked Sharon, meeting for one request whose a girls.We Nightie Full Shortie pony rooted Saran

Raineape type Sun virgin vinyl New hair.body evening 100%tail gathered and the dress party around just ("that new she had; Leotard soft firm Visor yet head, thing nearest

&to Pants natural Toreador ever skin invented. dining big table. to Paper room this and have") brought had about Coolie Completely Hat washable, and soap

detergent Pair Purse won't her, pencil harm to given one, each was family meeting. and already "You have Pearl Earrings Unbreakable construction. of&

Wears Matching heels, high ballet shoes then figuresgave out 'the husband one unexpected.'my marked

Bracelet and wedgies. J. p. Co. mil 1957 'set is aside for food, was how for 'The much unexpected'big emerthe stepsFrom moment out of Sue traveling own she'llcase, right,Cindy into walk heart. your is and Sheher sweet for for current expenses, individual like gencies, the little damage perfectdemure, done by a lady is talented is as who as she

beautiful, to loves she wash, and dress. can She

hoursBpend setting allowances, you combing the anddance laid her long rooted that and fully money windstorm not by which was all,Saran hair. of withBest delicate her as is the

play the smallest tot won't beautyhurt her. Sue each to the month insurance, for covered make payments paperthe by to inofroughestcomes a beautifully you designed dress completely

to perfection, the finished buttonholes buttons. that sixtailoredend are every Cindy endlesshours Sue includingmeans ing months, or of due in job the guest wholesome the room whenplay companionship for and girl, little. big or Order

at amazinglynow Jhis price.every low

100% MONEY BACK GUARANTEE!

P. J. Kill Co., Dept|HB884 Broad St., Newark 1, N. J,

870 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mrs. Utah makes

window was left wide open, and that job said big repair on the car,"is from yeast and biscuit mix! father.her fund "The emergency

for such things as the track shoes for Now hamburger goes Italian!"says Mrs. Clarence Waterfall

Tom, and those theater tickets you of Ogden, Utah's finalist in the 1959 Mrs. America contest.

both wanted last month after your 'Imagine! Real Italian pizza crust—easy as

allowances had been spent."*r*i adding yeast to biscuit mix.

forget rising can "You long kneading! and this ten out of "Did they come

you'll a** But the flavor wonderful remember sober ourdollars?"asked Jimmy, give. only yeast can Just use FleischmanrTs Active

little tenyear-old, whose allowance Dry Yeast. That's the kind prizewinning cooks

melted away under the spell of airdepend on. It's fast rising, and it keeps for months!"

plane and ship makeit-yourself kits. Mrs. America Inc

of paid for out "No. were They \ fund. previous emergencythe month PIZZABURGERS

is still dollars available, butThis ten into together Measure bowl.. % cup warm water Mix % cup chopped onion

is of the eighth only thetoday 1 clove garlic, chopped to 115F.) 105 (not hot—

cups sauce tomato theremonth, and are still three Sprinkle in.... 1 package Fleischmann's 2

1 lb. of ground go,"to I answered.weeks Yeast Active Dry beef cooked

"Then we could get the material Stir until dissolved. Vi cup chopped

pepper dress,"mix green cups biscuit Sharon said Add 2V2for my party salt and pepper to taste onto surBeat vigorously. Turn dough loveliesteagerly. "Darcy's has the

pattern in their window."faceuntil wellsmooth,dustedaboutwith20biscuittimes. mix.DivideKneadinto SpreadSprinkleonwithdough. 1 teaspoon oregano

"Wake up, Sharon. If you get the 8 pieces. Roll each piece into 4-inch cirTop with...2V2 cups grated Mozzarella

cle. sheet. Place baking ungreased or on cheese 6-oz. sliced 2 packages Fatherdress, aboutparty how my

slightly Press to of circles edge make in thin strips). Mozzarella (cut tickets, the dinnerandSon and 8-inch thick. also or four Recipe makes at in hot 15 Bake 425F. oven minto 20 gift for the needsbirthday 10Jimmy pizzas. 12inch three or is until filling crust utes brown, bubbly.

party next week? Maybe Mother Note: For a thicker, more tender crust,

and Dad have a desire for something cover shaped crust and let rise in warm Tha yeast extra, too."Tom scowled at the place until doubled in bulk(about 35 min.) j$til\\ prizewinning

figures on his sheet of paper. "Do cooks prefer

asked. really eat this he much?"we for \ Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc. / food should enough"That buy

an army.""If your mother wasn't a clever cook, it would be a lot higher,"said athis father. looked My husband it Everybody sure likes smiled.me, Maybe and we both

wasn't such a bad idea, after all, to lay the facts before the children. Table Queen Bread!

"Well, we sure can't ask for an increase on our allowances,"Tom said slowly. "Fred Clinton has the

right idea. He said he couldn't afford to go out for sports because he

had to work before and after school.

If I had a job, it would help—"

"Can you afford it?"asked his

father quietly. "Fred has to help

his mother out with the living expenses, because his father is dead. '**<

You are planning on college and a scientific career. You need to keep

physically fit as well as mentally... nourishingalert. You need competitive sports."Delicious

"I don't need those music lessons,"Contains the nonfat solids of a full glass of milk

Sharon pointed to one item. "I'll Enriched with vitamins and iron

set the world afire as a musinever

Sail Lake City ROYAL BAKING COMPANY Ogden cian.""We don't expect you to,"I told her. "But it is a little social gift

knowing."worth FANCY COOKERY does the Christmas money Send a Friend "Where cake decorating equipWe sell quality

supplies, ment, books; and instruction from?"suddenly. askedcome Tom

unusual cookware. Have a hobby

extra at THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i alsoor get profitable allowance always right business in your own"We v-i kitchen, and let us supply your needs.

12 issues $2.50 Immediatecatalog. shipments. Write for free

Maid of Scandinavia Co., 3245 Raleigh

Ave., Dept. E, Minneapolis 16, Minn.

NOVEMBER 1958 871 MERRY CHRISTMAS that time. Then, there's the money

with the you spend for gifts."

"Part of the savings is a Christmas fund, and then your mother and I HAMMOND ORGAN add to it little by little. Your

"Music's Most Glorious Voice"mother, when she finds a bargain when shopping; I, when we use less

A bit early, but not too early to select the most wonderful gift gas for the car or have fewer calls which all of the family can enjoy. for repairs. Then, there are other

You can learn to play before Christmas. Our 6-week lesson little things that all add up so we

plan, including 6 lessons, puts a Spinet Organ in your home have a little extra money to spend for only $39.95. Same amount to apply toward purchase. for Christmas and for vacations,"

Do it now to insure a Happy Holiday Season. said his father. Tom nodded.

Does Your Church Need A New Organ? "Like the golf club fees when you

spend your day off manicuring the

Get Full Particulars From front lawn, and other chores?"

GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. for"Well,keepingonetheis aswaistlinegood as trimthe otherafter

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO your mother's famous spaghetti 2546 Washington Blvd. 74 South Main and 2349 Highland Drive 57 No. University dinners."

"I can paint the sailboat I just finished."Jimmy stopped chewing

his pencil. "Frank wants one. It

can be my birthday gift to him."

jalopy fund,"said Tom. "I PIKES PEAK my"I can pay for the tickets out of won't have time to fool around with

Highest Quality it this summer. Mr. Winters asked

me yesterday if I would like to help All Purpose FLOUR him in his lab with some experiments. Maybe we could let Sharon

.1 have part of the money for the party

King James dress she needs."

Version Sharon shook her head.

Fits the palm of your hand and "I don't need it. I wanted one

slides easily into a man's shirt because Phyllis was getting a new pocket. Actually measures only 4% one. What are you figuring now?"

by 3 inches and these fine India she asked, as she saw her brother paper editions are only onehalf was putting down some numbers.

inch thick. Weighs just 4% oz. "My allowance. Maybe if I knew

for flexible overBlack leatheroid 889X: binding, each I can spend just how much FLOURfkiiIMIo IUACHIO covers, gilt edges, lapping boxed, (to Cf\ forever I wouldn't be breakdown,

flexible leather over891X: binding, Genuine

covers, lapping gilt edges, <fcjr boxed f\(\ Tt CMOMDO mm ( m r \ \\ i.lion u in the red."

893X: Soft Persian Morocco leather, flexible "That goes for me, too. I know

overlapping covers, gilt edges, boxed. I've been buying too many choco-

$7.00 late malts."

Order Through Your Bookstore or Dept Tl SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS "It really pays to have the figures

SONS WM. COLLINS & CO. Salt Lake City, Utah down in black and white,"said their

425 Fourth Avenue New York 16, New York father. "Here comes your mother

with some refreshments. Let's drink

a toast to—"

"To the Fentons'financial round table discussion,"said Tom with a

You Travel Best when grin, lifting high his glass of orange you arrange your FIL juice.

Travel with DEVELOPED & PRINTED

Franklin J. Murdock

Travel Agent Send Coin Onlv True wisdom is to know what is—No C.O.D.s. best worth knowing, and to do what

Copied and PHOTOS WorldWide A stfsgjy&fe.D Prin is best worth doing. each for GENEALOGY—60<r Travel Service—Humphreys Guarantee! Moneyback

Street State 51 North City, Salt Lake Utah SAM'S PHOTO Dial Davis 2-1129 LABLake City, Vt? 1115, Dept. AA, Salt **1SI* lp. O. Box

872 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Question

(Continued) of the great and dreadful day of the Lord"to turn the heart of the fathers to the children and the children to the fathers, lest the earth be smitten with a curse.

There is abundant evidence that can be produced showing that the hearts of the children have turned to their fathers. This is manifest in the nations of the earth, as well as in the

Church of Jesus Christ. The abundant research in genealogical study

and knowledge and the seeking after the dead is evidence that this prophecy has been fulfilled. Unto whom

did Elijah come? Is there a minister

or other person any place in the world who can testify that Elijah came and bestowed these kevs to him to save the earth from a curse, except the Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery? Since no one

else has made such a claim, and the evidence is too strong indicating that this authority has been restored, we must look to Joseph Smith and Oliver

Cowdery for the fulfilment of this HOW THEY DO TALK! What? You haven't said a word? But, others have. And,

prediction. their comments about our Rancho Soups have been real nice. Our cream soups

Again: The Lord through his anappear to be "creamier;"our chicken soups more "chickeny;"our seasoning "decient prophets said that the time lightful."Why not try one of our Rancho Soups tonight? Get in the talktalk.

would come when the Israelites would seek their native land andthat they should be established upon mcn&ae Order Todayit. That this gathering has com-. FOLDINGmenced is evident to all the world. BANQUET GRIND YOUR OWN

are ancient propheciesThe & CEREAL being TABLES FLOURfulfilled. any one except Has Joseph sturdy with this

Smith and Oliver Cowdery ever laid Direct Prices & claim to the restoration of these keys Discounts to

Schools,of authority? evidence is here The GIFT! Churches, WHEATMAKES PERFECT MILL Lodges, More Than restored.that they have been Has Clubs,

10,000 Institutions and allany other minister or priest ever to DateSold thatclaimed has revealed the Lord restored,to the keys of the ONLY him, and of of theDispensation Fulness TRUCKS MONROE storing For Chair* and the easy, truck Each wayTablesTimes? Only Smith and Joseph modernFoldingtables handles $650 chairs.

tion of eitherTruck Construcstorage permits No TSCor Transport StoraqeOliver Paul Yet Cowdery. and POSTPAID in limited space Truck No. TS ANYWHERE clearlyPeter the predicted have for sizes Write 54 Catalog showing and and

of types Folding Tables, Trucks......, Also and MONROEDiscounts AMERICAIN of thisrestoration divine authority.

line Chairs. popular of Folding

Surely the Lord will do nothing without revealing it to his servants 249THECHURCH"VWonWCSTREET. COMPANYCOLFAX, IOWA

the prophets. The Christian world Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all

has closed the heavens against kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds IV2

minute. cereal per or flour ofthemselves. declared have They

Pehrson's. Fully by guaranteed HOMEIMPORT.pounds..that there is more to be no revela- T LDS PRICES SPECIAL GROUPS TO

tion, of visions, or angels coming BUSINESS!

Mill. Enclosed is Please one Wheat send me totherefore lay they you claim cannot show—Women. Men We

order.) or (check $6.50 money items bigprofit import to how ofthe receiving pertaining keys any prices foreign low at amazing

to the restoration; yet we see the your(examplesoffice.at Getleft).listYourof 157homehnis Name

Address this of Full time spare restoration orevidence FREE.'taking 'jports take Order. Or business by Mail

'earth.place the on The ancient stores. ImCity orders from volume

prophecies concerning the coming portgoods,jewelry,hardware,clothing,etc. NOsportingEXPEState

of Christ, the restoration of Israel, RIENCE OR INVESTMENT IN PRODobligation Without NEEDED.

details for complete todayand the giving of covenants to them, Clocks

FREE! Air imports of 157 HARDWARE 65 sendUCTSand PEHRS0N in Germany night. us over listreaches The mail SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST value $5 Westwood, Co., 1717 Mellinger

in U.S.A. Dept. P165B,Los Angeles 24, Calif.

NOVEMBER 1958 873 all taking place on everlasting kingdom, and all dominSight is Precious (the Israelites) the earth. These cannot come withions shall serve and obey him."5

out the aid of divine authority and

Light Costs Little duly authorized servants appointed No one else, but Joseph Smith, has through the opening of the heavens. ever made the claim that this restoIn the remarkable vision given to ration and setting up of the kingdom

King Nebuchadnezzar of the image (i.e. Church of Jesus Christ) has

representing the nations from the ever been revealed. Yet all indicadays of Nebuchadnezzar to the time tions point to the fact that the preof the coming of Christ, we read dicted signs of the approach of the

that in the days of the kingdoms second coming of our Lord are here.

represented by the toes the "God of Surely the preparatory work of that heaven"was to set up a kingdom coming must precede it. The restored

"which shall never be destroyed; unadulterated gospel must be here.

and the kingdom shall not be left Prophets who can receive revelashall to other people, but it break tion possess heavenly and who all PLAN in kingpieces these and consume powers must be here. heavens The

doms, and it shall stand forever."must be open and divine communiLIGHT The Latterday Saints maintain that cations received bv someone who is

for this kingdom is the Church of Jesus commissioned to set in order, under

Christ of Latterday Saints. Morethe guiding hand of Jesus Christ,

over that it is the "stone"cut out all things preparatory to his appearLIVING of the mountain without hands ance as King of kings and Lord of

keys, Live Better eminencewhich eventuallyupon the faceis toof takethe earth.prelords.to the Josephworld thatSmithsuchhaspower,proclaimed

Electrically "Andand thethe greatnesskingdom ofandthe dominion,kingdom andhim. authorityNo one elsewerehas bestowedarisen to makeupon

under the whole heaven, shall be such a claim; yet, this was revealed

with FULL HOUSEPOWER given to the people of the saints of preparatory to these momentous and the most High, whose kingdom is an final restorations.

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

CINDYWALKERSSS DOLLDOLL "Ah, Wilderness"—The shock a parent to hear the resounding some guffaws which accompany DOLLjfifi GIANT HOUSE Beginning of Adolescence pinktold tale being weird by his.. -* - m.. smm the innocent with boy cheeked Nevertheless, these (Continued)

are boobytraps to a growing boy. countenance. Even at eleven, boys

Cussing and vulgarity will usually frequently gather to swap stories and alienate him from adults and the indulge themselves in expressions of "successful"group at school. And vulgarity, but their major theme at

i ""JflHI drinking among adolescents always that age is usually centered around means slopping it up until they routine physical functions such as get high. Getting high means diselimination processes. Beginning

aster. It means doing crazy things—around twelve, however, a boy

to people, to cars, to themselves. begins to have a highly emotional

Plus A Smoking is something else. It isn't fascination for the subject of sex. nr MUSIML spectacular like drinking, but it is a He secretlv wishes he knew more

symbol. It represents defiance. It is about it and feels like giggling whenis This subject the mentioned. ever "just or principal parents the to show 1 WElY, 5-fllirFIT 100% MONEY often mysterious is becomes it's theme new free world."a that no There v|. *8'"*2f-- WARDROBE BACK for of source a a tremendous humor until in after the pleasure smoking ALLMi Plus75C V 198#W GUARANTEE! COMPLETE or boy, a is it even and habit.""the a twelveyear-old boy gets Then ONLYLinpinR-

P. J. Hill Co. 11958 this or story pointless told it, poorly on necessity. described one boy As

HERE'S GET YOU WHAT doll walker cinoy of gales will into subject I send sw "I to him so the get won't have smoke sits, stands, walks, dances even SheDOES close turns she eyes walks headEVERYTHING as Her Her when laughter. "I quit shakes."added, can he construction Then Unbreakable Miracle she'sbodysleepy Hair. Completely washable jointed5 Saran Rooted GLAMOUR

if it this proclivity I to. earlots ''grownup'* Authorities believe Party Real Dress of I've Charming done want

Suit School SkirtOUTFITSrings Play Blouse Sweeping Shoes

Socks Lace panties.and trimmed BIG GREAT MODERN this stories offcolor particular at for times."

... 16"24"FULLY FURNISHED! x HOUSE

aRANCHDoll Exterior painted withBig Fresh White ShutRed is to activity that usually age bravado Another an attempt show Deck, Shrubs, Houseand Green Roof even Sun

FurnituretersLovely Finished the Interior Outdoor on HouseFlowers, early subject a concerning sprouts adolescence during and knowledge up walls, "fireplace,""pictures,""Rugs,"have. everything should house Strong, sturdy"Papered""lamps."a

fibre is board furniture 2 is Removable talent for actually they a suddenly developed which beyond know

Sturdyconstruction. ChairsHandsome, Table Big, Dining Bedincludes:

.Set.Console Model TV sestories. of telling of It dirty gives the a sense them. These them

little thrill Rill will your wonderful you a have whenWhat significant as are nearly to curity not the they "shockers"to see allinelusive what "marvelous combination. this Imagine,give her

beautifulwith her every day!ionshow wardrobeAnd her lovelyCindy Ranchcan, havehomeherisownreadyfashfor boys as they sound to adults who can tell—as though they knew all

can Cindycompany.

table, favorite her watch actuallyTVsit programs,on the chairs,and dineinviteoff herthe overhear them, but it is likely to about it. Perhaps it is Mother Nafriends over for tea parties. Mother can rearrange the

furniture, a. cosy homefreshenfor theher curtainswhole dolland makefamilythisI Orderlovely todayhouseI

P. J. HILL CO., Dept.H.408, 884 Broad Street, Newark, N. J.

874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ture's way of saying, "Puberty is near."con loseProblems of Puberty w

Physical development leading to puberty takes a long time. As we

have previously mentioned, normal children become sexually alive at You'll feel better and look better.

around 3 years of age. Therefore

the approach of puberty in early Lose 3 to 6 lbs. on 9 successive SURE MEALS. Then use SURE MEAL twice

adolescence is simply an intensifica- a day with one other regular meal. Lose about 2 lbs. a week until you have

tion of feelings that have been your weight at a satisfactory level. Then use SURE MEAL once a day to help

gradually increasing through the you keep your body in good nutritional balance and control your caloric years. intake so you can hold your weight right where you want it.

SURE MEAL is scientifically formulated to furnish all the nutritional elements the

In fact, long before puberty a boy body needs, and do so in a low calorie meal (only 241 calories per meal).

will have been doing something In one SURE MEAL you get 20 grams of Protein from vegetables, grains, and about these powerful forces of life milk. Nineteen amino Acids are present. Just the right amount of carefully

within him. Either he will have selected carbohydrates and less than 1% fat.

tried to sublimate and control these tensions or he will have sought opThere are no Drugs to stupify you or dull your appetite.

portunities to exploit them. He There are no hunger pangs because SURE MEAL supplies everything

may have battled back and forth your body craves including the Vitamins and Minerals normally needed.

in both directions during the passing years. This is extremely important for parents to understand.

Parents who leave young children Delicious Sure Meal together for long periods without SURE MEAL is easy to mix with Milk or Fruit Juices with a spoon or a simple supervision can expect that as early shaker. It is the easiest, most delicious way to control weight problems.

as age 4 or 5 they will have become NOTE: (If you have a scrawny husband, wife, or child, give them SURE MEAL

sufficiently curious about themselves in addition to their regular meals to supply choice protein and other body and their feelings to try to do somebuilding elements. It's just good pure concentrated food—they'll love it).

thing about it. This natural and

inherent curiosity makes young If you just want to try SURE MEAL send for the 20 meal size $4.75. If you want

children extremely vulnerable to to move a lot of weight, better send for the economical 40 meal size at exploitation by older children or $9.00. Postage prepaid. Chocolate or Vanilla.

predatory adults. Studies of imAfter you see how satisfactory SURE MEAL is you may wish to help some of

moral behavior reveal that unforyour friends, neighbors, and relatives by acting as supply source or tunate experiences in very early part time dealer.

childhood frequently cause a subsequent pattern of reckless promisFeel free to talk to your doctor about SURE MEAL. Show him the folder that you

get with your order so he can check the contents for you. It's just good Highcuity, or abnormal, deviate activity.

Protein food.

Puberty should be discussed by a casual,father a son in with his very to Save Moneymatterof-fact needs way. boy A

understand that while life is an You'll save money every time you use SURE MEAL. Your SURE MEAL will cost

amazing and awesome thing, it is less than the regular meal it replaces.

intended to be a happy and satisfying pattern of existence. Many It's a good quick nutritious meal for Missionaries and Students who are

parents know that their own lives "Batching it."Try it—try it soon.

would have been far happier if someone had told them that the early control of the powers of procreation Don & Associates Lyman SPECIALis essential to the happiest and most East 10th South 472 satisfying kind of life. Every boy INTRODUCTORY Salt Lake City, Utah, Phone EMpire 3-9674

should hedeserves this, and to know OFFER PLEASE SEND if posfatherhear it from his own OF SURE MEAL. SUPPLY MY PERSONAL

sible.

NAME It should not be difficult for a father to tell his 12year-old rather ADDRESS casually what puberty will mean to CITY STATE him. A boy should be given a rather 40 Meal size - $9.00 20 Meal size - $4.75thorough understanding of his own

Vanilla Chocolate Send Check or Money Order to save C.O.D. charges.

NOVEMBER 1958 875 develthe glandular and Hundreds of Thousands physiology at should opment which be expected this particular stage of his life. Many

The World Around good books are available for this purpose. He should understand

that the tensions he will seek to conHave Loved These Books trol will be easily stimulated and that it will be easier for him if he deliberately avoids the obscene picby Ora Pate Stewart tures and pornographic literature which "some of the kids"will be passing around. He will need to

is the THIS WORD OF WISDOM $1.00 know that physical activity

(New and vital. All ages.) best distraction from morbid thoughts

which are likely to prey upon his

A LETTER TO MY DAUGHTER; 1.00 mind. He should also be assured

(Solves so many problems.) that the strange flights of imagina-

A LETTER TO MY SON 1.00 tion which his dream mind may take

(No boy should be without it.) is something which happens to

WE BELIEVE everybody. It should just be ac- 1.00 cepted as part of "growing up."Such (Articles of Faith, simplified.)

GOD PLANTED A TREE 1.00 aoutdiscussionof the manywill takenew theexperiencesmystery

(Has been called, "One of the finest books ever written."which await the 12year-old boy,

On the Bible.) and it should help protect him from

BRANCHES OVER THE WALL 1.00 the feelings of fear and guilt which

(Indispensable to Book of Mormon students.) might otherwise creep into his mind.

TREASURES UNEARTHED 1.00

(Answers many Book of Mormon questions.) A wise father will also have a suggestion or two for his boy concernPAGES FROM THE BOOK OF EVE 2.50 ing the maverick activities of his

(Delightful humor. Favorite for 12 years.) associates at school or in the neigh-

I TALK ABOUT MY CHILDREN 2.00 borhood. Even some adult may seek

(Hilarious. Often quoted on TV.) to induce him to abandon sublimaof exploitacontrol in favor tion and 2.00 MOPEY THE MOP tion. Fathers discuss never who the (For moppets on your list.)

such problems with their boys beGLEANINGS 2.50 cause they think "my boy would

(Poems. Thoughtful and uplifting.) never fall for anything like that"are

'. 2.50 only deceiving themselves. The BROWN LEAVES TURNING

("Hands,"and other poems. Especially comforting.) police across the country learn from

the thousands of cases they are reAutographed and gift wrapped. quired to process each year that the

ignorant and unprepared boy is the most vulnerable of all.

ORA PATE STEWART!

1 1282 Anabel Ave. On the other hand, a boy is forGarden Grove, California tunate indeed if he has a father

who has carefully counseled with him through the years. Where this

is done a boy can approach puberty with understanding and confidence.

He can also enter the strange wilderness of adolescence with a fixed deFREE

PARKING termination to remain morally conin Downtown tinent as part of his maturity and

Salt Lake City preparation for marriage. Many

adults who read this article will have \2 successfullythemselves, achievedand eventhisthosehigh whogoal

Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new may not have been quite so success375-car parking terrace. Add comfort and convenience ful will no doubt recognize the

to your stay in Salt Lake City. value of it and earnestly recommend

THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY it to their children.

(To be continued) HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE COFFEE SHOP * DINING ROOMS * BANQUET ROOMS

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Good Teachers and Discipline on. The wise teacher recognizes seated personality problems often

these signs for what they are, seeks need the help of professional agen- (Continued) as state championto find the individual cause in cies outside of the school.

ships, tragedies, scandals, and so on. each student, and removes the cause

(c) Problems of personality. The if possible. To be able to approach Correction of Disciplinary

immature person has definite and a student with such a personality Problems varied problems which arise as the disturbance, the teacher must manipersonality grows toward maturity. fest a sincere personal interest in Avoid the use of threats. When a

In this growth process mistakes will him, and over a period of time, earn teacher threatens certain disciplinary be made. The teacher's task is to the student's confidence and trust. action for contrary behavior, he is

give guidance and help in developOnce this is accomplished, the merely placing a temptation before ing healthy personalities. To do so teacher is in a position to help. the class members. Should the class

he must recognize that two facets Deepseated personality problems or an individual yield to the temptaexist in the problem of personalityare sometimes manifested in the tion, the teacher is in the awkward caused disturbances: There are same behavioral patterns as menposition of following through on a

minor disturbances which can be tioned above. They can be recogpunishment that may not * fit the

helped or corrected, and there are nized when the student does not situation. Instead of threatening,

major or deepseated problems which respond to the usual workable prothe teacher should exercise good conare often beyond the teacher's abilcedures of control. They may also trol by giving proper and timely

ity to correct. be manifest by erratic behavioral correction after a rule of good conBecause of these personalitypatterns, extreme hostility and agduct has been broken.

caused disturbances, it is essential gression, nervous tics, anxiety, and Avoid show of emotion. The

that a teacher understand child deother similar responses. Students teacher who loses his temper or bevelopment and the problems consuffering from deepseated maladcomes emotionally upset is not in

fronting the age group he teaches. justments can be helped to some control of the situation but is being

The teenaged student, as an examdegree by the teacher and the group controlled by it. It is better for the

ple, is confronted with the conflict of if they are made to feel loved and teacher to wait until he has comdependence and independence. As he accepted. Again the teacher's sinplete emotional control before he

makes the transition to adulthood, he cere personal interest in the student tries to correct the contrary indimay show signs of rebellion, moodiis invaluable in giving that student vidual or the class.

ness, disobedience, impudence, at- a sense of security and confidence. Gain group support. The we or

tentionseeking behavior, and so But beyond this, students with deepour concept in a class is one that the

SENTINEL PLAN OFFERS A NEW

CONCEPT IN INSURANCE NOW! PROTECTION FOR PERSONS to 80

Marking their 10th Anniversary... Sentinel dipping into other securities when most needed.

brings you a remarkable new concept of life inThis is the modern way to protect your family surance protection. It is designed to give you and loved ones by prearrangement... providing

and your family MORE FREEDOM FROM financial peace of mind during times of bereaveWORRY... NEW BOUNDARIES IN SECURITY. ment. Sentinel Plan pays final bills regardless

Sentinel Plan guarantees that funeral expenses when the need arises and is payable any place and expenses of final illness may be paid without in the world.

LOW COST LIBERAL MEDICAL OLD LINE LEGAL

The Sentinel Plan is lowcost protecQUALIFICATIONS RESERVE COMPANY tion, thus enabling modest income Persons up to 80 years of age can Government supervision guarantees 1 11)1

Sentinel will all the protection claims of the enjoy paid be due and SORROW when to entire families the family. cover

. It full. in Plan insure without a physical.. usually to with a pays NEED

It NOTinntill costs actually only a few pennies MEAN\ gives examination! statuPrearrangement these which has met company FINANCIAL TRAGEDY

a day. security. tory requirements. you added

You can depend on Sentinel -—Celebrating 10 Years of Leadership

ACT TODAY TO SAFEGUARD YOUR PERSONAL SAFETY

Please send complete information about Sentinel Plan Insurance. I

NAME I SECURITY LIFE INSURANCE CO.

ADDRESS AN OLD LINE LEGAL RESERVE CO.

CITY STATE. 2121 South State Salt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1958 877 teacher should consciously build with himself and the students. If the

class is convinced that they have the efoe-A ou love and respect of their teacher and that it is their class as well as his, they will take in good spirit the periodic corrections that are needed.

When a teacher finds himself against the entire group, he is in a sad situation, and most likely the fault can be traced largely to him.

Inspect self and methods often.

Teachercaused problems can only be corrected by frequent critical introspection and a determination not only to recognize but also to correct the difficulty. The beginning

teacher is certain to make mistakes, Freemmzsrcm/wwAtlas Permaguard Antifreeze but he can rise above them if he refills all winter at all Utoco dealers—will look for the cause of his failures

where Radiator get Guaranteed you

Protection. and then work to overcome them.

Even the socalled master teacher must constantly be alert and avoid... (Z4 ou dme falling into pitfalls. The teacher

then should learn to master the dewith the finest allweather sirable social traits and teaching

Motor Oil skills which lead to success.

Learn the characteristics of the age group concerned. In addition,

pttfe Big Bonus am the teacher must come to know the

Super refined in our ultraformer unit—characteristics of the age level he

with highest octanes available, in is teaching; he must learn to recogEthyl and Regular. nize the general behavioral patterns

and deviations he must meet. He

ATLAS seek should BATTEHIFSTIRES new and better

ACCESSORIES v take of advanced advantage ATLAS tim, S/itt&um. and

training in those areas which will \0 and accete&iie&... methods

guaranteed by Utah Oil Refining make him a better person and a

Company, honored by 38,000 better teacher. He must ever bear

dealers from coast to coast. in mind that a good teacher does not

teach subject matter but he teaches

For greatest motoring pleasure, students. The religion teacher must

give your car the care it deserves—all in his power to help the stuUTOCO do

YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO dentthatbringequipexaltationhimself andwith happiness.the keys

AND YOU GET IT! UTAH Oil Follow the scriptural injunctions.

REFINING CO. The religion teacher faces added responsibilities in considering the welfare of the individual students.

fc-O-HMWH >-*-!.>- HXWIIHtKWimin Perhaps no better advice could be

given a teacher who should be inYOUR ERA IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS spiredLord concerningof God thanthethatexercisegiven byof thethe

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple priesthood. It must surely apply to

SUBSCRIPTION sore throat and other minor mouth the teacher of God's children in the field of religion:MAY EXPIRE and throat irritations.

HALL'S REMEDY ought"No topowerbe maintainedor influenceby canvirtueor

To renew just mail your paySalt Lake City, Utah of the priesthood, only by persuasion, ment of $2.50 along with a copy KfK)K)()()< N!-*i:"a:":i< by longsuffering, by gentleness and

meekness, and by love unfeigned; of your address label to

"By kindness, and pure knowledge,

DRINK which shall greatly enlarge the soul

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA without hypocrisy, and without guile—50 No. Main St. ficq A delightful

Salt Lake City, Utah hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS 878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Reproving betimes with sharpness, when moved upon by the Holy

Ghost; and then showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward

him whom thou hast reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his enemy."

(D & C 121:4143.)

NOVEMBER PASTEL

By Dorothy }. Roberts

With maples'flame burned into ash, and deep Brown of oak but dust of cinnamon;

With freckled gold of ivillows banked in sleep, Fall's splendor on the plain and hill is gone.

Now over earth's gray slumber blooms the sky, All cloud and color, rayed with the broken wheel, The rimless spokes of sunlight.

Above the dry Forsaken land, swirl streamers the tint of steel, Goldhaloed in the leagues of moving air

Once blue and placid as a lake of glass.

Sight climbs beyond the mountain's faded stair, Above the monotones of tree and grass To the pastel glory of the falling sun,

One beauty ending: another but

begun. Get Your Education

The Y's WayBYU graduates are in demand over the nation because of their superior training, not only in their academic

The Three "Vs"fieldsuniversitybut is alsoable into preparationtrain the WHOLEfor life.man, TheresultingChurchin

deep education of mind and soul together. Get your

(Continued) minds as to whether education the Y's way. Plan NOW to attend winter

or not they are going to Church next quarter.

Sunday. In fact, that question is Winter Quarter Instruction begins Jon. 5, 1959

not usually decided in their minds For information write Public Relations Dept.

to see wait at all. They how much Brigham Young University teeteron the putweight will be

totter on Sunday morning by the Provo Utah weather, how they feel, and what the other external conditions will be. There are some people who

have not decided whether or not nSmi they are going to be honest, or "*f fj*pM$:i

NOVEMBER 1958 879 whether or not they are going to HOME- I be tithepayers, or do their ward teaching. They wait to see what

pressures will be applied by cirMAKERS cumstances.

One of the functions of leaderserve ship is to help people make firm decisions about things, draw aniM-ZOOM swers out of their minds so that 3Py-r...ffie important questions may be settled

once and for all. For as no one can

fnsfant cooking whole be saved in ignorance, just so, no wheat cereal -. -,'f you one can be saved in indecision. The Intermountain West's

have +fme fo boil waferIndifference Largest and Finest

You have ffme for Zoom I The worst sin of many people is Bridal Salon not that they disbelieve in God;

cooks Faster their skepticism is more serious—

than QUICK... they just haven't thought about him

one way or the other. It isn't that

% tastesthanBetterGOOD! theyChurch;disbelievewhat theis fardoctrinesworse, oftheythe

just don't care. It is one thing to

lack faith, but it is still worse to lack interest.

There are some people who call themselves rather the by fancy name VISIT OUR "BANQUETMASTER"of agnostic. to They seem take pride THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT LOCATION saying, "I don't FOLDING believe, I NEW TABLE in BANQUET but

Designed for today's beautiful

Churches Schools don't disbelieve."That is, they are 38 South Main Street

Cafes Private Homes neither one thing nor the other. Salt Lake City Utah

Someone said there is one folly greater than that of the fool who says in his heart there is no God, and that is the folly of him who says that he doesn't know whether there is a God or not. In some ANTHEM BOOKS Made agnosticism conis a mere L.D.S. in workmen.the West by measure,

Banyou buy, compare BISHOPS—Before fession of indifference indicating a for for quality material quetmasters and of y

design. lack of ambition, beauty or of workmanship, Write a lack of enough

for descriptive prices brochure with and interest to try to find truth. the discounts.

Satisfaction Guaranteed sent for Sample table your inspection. When one is indifferent, the spirit CHURCH CHOIRS

Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601. remains apathetic and detached. CHANCEL CHORISTER 1.00

CHURCH is 65 CHORISTER There then a natural lack of any CO., INC. D. H. LOOSLI

EIGHT FAVORITE 75 ANTHEMS Idaho Falls, Idaho that involvement to faith. lead would

GATES VOL. 1 ANTHEMS 75 deliberately one decides to No be GREEN BOOK PROGRAM CHORUSES 1.00

ignorant. Ignorance is indifference MASTER CHORUSES 1.50

to learning. Sloth is indifference to SACRED CHORUS FOR

industry. Weakness is indifference SCHIRMERMIXED VOICESCOL. OF FAVORITE 75

COAT and HAT RACKS to strength. One man had an "inANTHEMS NO. 3 1.25

for every Church need different"automobile horn. He said SING UNTO GOD 75

.... RED 1.00 ft. BOOK CHORUSES PROGRAM (S-4-CT) 4 Checkerette pro- A just didn't hoot. give a

vides ventilated hat shelves and it Music Sent either on Certainly Approval 24 coat no hangers or can 32 coat man this be saved in Use advertisement as hooks. your order blank double A Checkerindifference. ette of equal length (D-4-CT)accommodates

hangers 48 on or 64 on hooks. Both

be setup can disThese three sins probably rob DAYNES15 E. 1st MUSICSouth COMPANY anywhere or

in assembled less ll City than Utah a minute of their people blessings without nuts, bolts tools, or than SaltPleaseLake ther send be more can music indicated above. I

like stored folding chairs, will or sins of the other do all combined. Approvaf On Charge rigid stand for years. The double

Checkerette casters comes on large Recently for easy movement when assembled. me thatI talkedhe had withnevera manread whoone Name Money Enclosed Checkerettes can it beia told

assembled "high"for robes or vestfor adult ments, "normal"or single book in the last five years. Address wraps

for "low"children. Checkerette indicated Wilson Woodrow

Wall Racks in 2, come 4 ft. 3 and this City & St weakness lengths when he said, "The and will to natural accommodate up

12 coats hats foot. and per running

are They on wall at greatest ability of the American mounted for proper heights each is their inage people ability to resist group. Write ||e tj n for Bu CT690 struction."of Daunes Music Unfortunately most these and showing other

VOGELPETERSONThe Coat Rack PeoplemodernCOMPANYsteel wardrobe units. 15 E. 1st So.

1127 West 37th Street, Chicago 9, Illinois 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0V(W'Salt Lake City 11, Utah 880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

us our share of this unprofithave For the Missionary.. talent.able

Thomas A. Edison makes our

problem seem more difficult when he said, "There is no limit to which dill man will not go to avoid thinking."l f istinctive choice of

scripture yet that reminds usAnd programs to make the in his thinketh heart,"as he [a man] so is he."(Proverbs 23:7.) Now if farewell complete. The mis*

we are what we think, and then if we don't think, the seriousness of sionary's photograph inour situation is evident.

Emerson was also conscious of the cluded in folded problem when he said, "On the brink program.

of the ocean of life and truth we are miserably dying.... Sometimes

we are furthest away when we are closest by.... We stand on the The West's Finest

brink of an ocean of power, but each must take steps that would bring Printers and Binders him there...."The Jews were so

near and yet they were so far away.

not repeat must their mistake.We Deseret three have great volumes of newWe

scripture. But what good does it

do us if we are not familiar withthem so that we can make their News teachings a part of our lives. We

are so near and yet we may be so far away. ST. 33 RICHARDS Press The Athenians put Socrates to 4-2581 EM

death principally for his attempts SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH to deliver them from the oppression of the three I's. Jesus was crucified

for the same reason. We seem to Here's how to get it

hang on to our ignorance, indecision

Deposit or $100.00 more life. indifferenceand for dear One at State Savings andcried out, "O God, dost thou why with a big along 3V2%

take so much interest in our welfare interest* you will receive when we take so little in our own?"a Sheaffer cartridge

The three I's have always been fountain pen and pencil executive is an writesour biggest problem. We remain set.type Thisset that

stricken with ignorance and poiink. However, when withthe

soned by a continuous succession of pen runs dry, just slip in small thoughts. We become centers a new cartridge. Four reof indifference. This prevents our fills come with each set.

progress. Indifference has been deYou'llyour newbe set,pleasedeven morewith

fined as inactivity in perpetuity. pleased with your smart

Now what are we going to do savings account earning about it? The logical solution is to 3'/2%* on insured savlearn how to develop antidotes for ings.

the three I's. We need to learn how

to get people to study, think, ponder, pray, and make decisions about important things and then carry the decisions through to their proper conclusion. When we break the *Current dividend 3V2%

oppression of the three I's, our lives You may open your account by mail and receive your Sheaffer pen and pencil set.

will take on new meaning. -i

Branch Rickey was once asked

-what was the greatest thrill he had Name ever had in baseball. His reply was, Street or RFD

"I haven't had it yet."Our greatest

thrill may also be in the future. It City State

will come when we have learned to free ourselves and others from the Savings(Check orAmountMoney EnclosedOrder) $ degradation of the three I's.

Your pen and pencil set will be mailed to you.

AND56 SouthLOANMain, ASSOCIATIONSalt Lake City, Utah

NOVEMBER 1958 881

KITCHEN CHflRm WAXED PAPER "Are we good for each other?"

KEEPS FOOD FRESHER LONGER! Richard L. Evans

To an audience of young people, a wise counselor recently proposed a question concerning those with

THE whom they kept company—a question which all

SPOKEN of us could well ask concerning ourselves and all 1 WORD our associates: "Are we good for each other?"

It is a question which in youth could well be asked of pals and playmates. A boy and a girl well could ask it of those with whom

they keep company. It is a question that people should surely ask

as they select business associates. And it certainly is a question

that all should ask before making a commitment as to marriage.

It is a pertinent question in the selection of all associates. Inevitably

we tend to be affected by the character and qualities of those with whom we keep company. Tennyson said it in a single sentence:

"I am a part of all I have met."2 We take from others; we give to

others; and something of us all rubs off on all of us in any association. And in school, at work, wherever long or short friendships,

and especially where romantic interests are in mind or in the making, we should earnestly consider: "Are we good for each

other?"1 A boy and a girl must consider whether or not in being

together they bring out the best. Do they encourage and inspire—

or pull each other down. Do they neglect work and duties unduly

when they are keeping company? Do they neglect school, church,

preparation, practice? Do their marks go down? Do they lift each

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS other to live to high standards, or tempt each other to let down to

OF HOUSEWIVES... lower standards? Some affect others adversely. Some are underAT ALL LEADING GROCERS standing, and others aren't. Some are coldly critical, and some

IMPORTED 5-PIECE areamouredconstructivelyof each encouraging.other sometimesYoungtendpeopleto spendwho togetherbecome tooenlong a time, to linger too long and too late, and neglect too many

ilkMtfcute Set muchother things,away fromand family.excludeIntoothismanylife whichother friends,moves soandswiftly,draw andtoo

which reaches so far in its everlasting effects, those with whom we would want to live our lives, should lift our lives, and bring out the best, and help us to be better. And well would we ask each

other always and frankly concerning ourselves, and as to all our associates: "Are we good for each other?"1 In the lasting things

of life, do we help each other to be at our best?

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square presented over KSL, and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, September 21, 1958. Copyright 1958.

( See page 883 for references.

Reg. $3.50 Value

lid can

r e < s \ p h 9c Jolly of bag DESIGN OF GRATITUDE Corn IIOOH"1 Timeand Pop c*J nJLuTS fc

Shipped Postpaid direct from Europe

By Mabel Law Atkinson Jolly Time—most delicious pop corn ever

—offers you this opportunity to get handsome, 5-piece manicure set, sent direct

from Solingen, West Germany. Forged I bow before the beauty of old hands,

steel. Nickel plated. Simulated leather

case with zipper. Send to Jolly Time, Dept. All gnarled and knotted, bleached as autumn hay;

248, Sioux City, Iowa. Your order will be

rushed to Europe for acThey speak of wresting life from barren sands ceptance and delivery And have the grace to fold while old lips pray

Before a table with its simple foodOld hands in the design of gratitude!

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CREDITS:ART PHOTO AND for* th t-tes-t Cover, Frank Magleby; John Davenport, 785,

884; Max Tharpe, 796; Deseret News, 804;

Ralph Reynolds, art, 806, 808, 846, 870; TedCannon, 806; Harold M. Lambert Studios, 810; Irisu

Ed Maryon, art, 814; Dale Kilbourn, art, 816,

819; Lorin Wiggins, 820, 821; H. Armstrong

Roberts, 820; Jeanne Lindorff, art, 821, 822; Dave i-t th<

Burton, art, 866867.

it...FOOTNOTES AND REFERENCES possibl

FOR ARTICLES:

Preliminaries to the Restoration: Roland N. Stromberg, Religious Liberalism in

Eighteenth Century England (London: Oxford

University Press, 1-18. 1954)

2WilIiam Warren in America (New Sweet,York: HarperThe Stori/andof Brothers,Religion

1950), 277279.

3Peter G. Mode, Source Book and Bibliographical Guide for American Church History

(Wisconsin: The Collegiate Press, 1921), 404407.

Whitney R. Cross, The Burnedover District

(Ithaca; Cornell University, 1950).

52 Nephi 2:25.

The Spoken Word "Are We Good for Each Other"mily H. Bennett.

2Alfred, Lord Tennyson, Ulysses. Home Office

65 East Fourth South Your Question Salt Lake City, Utah

iEph. 1:10. Bj| of the Farm Member A 2Acts 3:1921.

i Insurance Companies \p 3Isaiah 11:1012., Ibid 29:1014;

Jer. 31:3134. over $1,000,000,000.00

Malachi 3:1-5.

SDaniel 2:2944; Ibid. 7:1827. -'::.::

"Wickedness never Was (See Advertisement on Back Cover)

Happiness"Beneficial Life Insurance Company (Continued) happiness. He said BeneficialSalt Lake CityBuilding1, Utah

from the hillside:

"Labour not for the meat which Please send fullcolor reprints in 13'/2"xl6"size of the Thanksgiving Prayer perisheth, which but for that meat..."painting. I am enclosing 25c for each print to cover packing and mailing costs. life. everlastingendureth unto

(John 6:27.)

And again he prayed in GethName semane: "... nevertheless not my Street or RFD

will, but thine, be done."(Luke

22:42.) City. Zone State.

The people on New Year's Eve had not labored for a meat which should not perish. The young man

in the Army learned that the, (See Advertisement on Inside Back Cover)...

result of wickedness was not happiness, and I testify to you that alWorld Book Encyclopedia, Dept. IE 1, Box 3565, Chicago 54, III.

though I am young, and although

I am inexperienced in the ways of [] Please send me your quiz book, "What Do You Know?"We want to match wits with

life and the world, it is my discovery the World Book Encyclopedia editors.

and my witness, and I leave it with Also, please send complete information and prices of World Book Encyclopedia.

you that if you would find true happiness, spend your days laborDo you own an encyclopedia? Yes No

foring that does not which meat as inperish of If yes, which one? the gospel is found

Christ. prayersJesus Let and your

allyour desires "... not be above my Name

will, but thine, be done."(Luke 22: Address County

42.) Learn to serve and to sacrifice

in feeding his sheep. City Zone State

In Canada, write: World Book Encyclopedia, 85 Bloor St., E., Toronto 5, Ont.

NOVEMBER 1958 883 The Last Word

Confucius No Say Teacher: Tommy, Man who leave home to set world on fire, often

where are elephants come back for more matches.

found?

Tommy: Elephants When man works like horse, everybody rides him.

are so big that they hardly ever get lost. Man can read some people like book but can't

shut them up so easily.

We read that in some European countries they are A problem was presented to the sixth graders for considering placing a tax on American tourists. solution: "How can a rich man be poor in spirit?"

Maybe they just want to make them feel at home. Blank faces told the teacher he had posed a problem which was truly a problem! He then put it this

way: "If you had four cars, three homes in different states, a private plane, and a sailboat of your

own, how could you still be poor in spirit?"

Suddenly it was all so simple. One of the boys

knew the answer: "Just pay your taxes!"

It is no great thing to be humble when you are brought low, but to be humble when you are praised is a great and rare attainment. It is not a tragedy to have only one talent; the

—St. Bernard tragedy is in not using it.

Driving along a lonely road a man saw a woman looking helplessly at a flat tire. He stopped and

changed the tire, and as he picked up the tools, the woman said: "Please let the jack down easy. My

husband is asleep in the back seat."

Wife: "Mrs. Jones has another new hat."As the soil, however rich it may be, cannot be

Husband: "Well, if she were as attractive as you productive without culture, so the mind without

are, my dear, she wouldn't have to depend so much cultivation can never produce good fruit.

upon the milliner."—Seneca

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA j*******'-

%C; Gift for eternity

he'll live in to rise child the world your Preparing beyond in1st sales! indeed, world, of obligation the greatest your life. The

peopleMore is buy isis of learning. There changing. methods So are modern EncyclopediaWorld Book

than any other. so much more to learn so fast. Never before has a youngster's chances of success depended so much on reference to

good books. The best of all possible investments is the

investment in the tools of eternity.

Students who have World Book Encyclopedia at home are encouraged to learn more, to learn faster, and—most imWorld portant remember facts that become a lifelong part of

their storehouse of information. More than any other encyclopedia, World Book is designed to meet student needs.

Richly illustrated with color photographs, maps, charts,ENCYCLOPEDIA diagrams, and drawings, it is interesting to read as well as accurate, informative, and up to date.

Match Wits with Our Editors!

FREE! Send today for "What Do You Know?",

an interesting and enlightening quiz game you and your children will enjoy.

World Book Encyclopedia, Dept. IE 1, Box 3565, Chicago 54, III.

|"1 Please send me your quiz book, "What Do You Know?"We want to

match wits with the World Book Encyclopedia editors.

Binding1 9 Volumes(Shown)... Aristocrat$169—$10 (1 Also,Encyclopedia.please send complete information and prices of World Book

(slightly higherdown, $6 a month in bindings priced lower. Do you own an encyclopedia? Yes No Other Canada).

If yes, which one?

future, security? career pay, with good a lifetimeWant All N, Encyclopedia Repreas a be yoursthis can World Book

Canada, thesentative. U. S., throughout Openings West Address. County Italy, Alaska, Hawaii, Spain, France, England,Germany,

Japan. Rico, Address: WorldPuerto Book Encycloand State. Zone City III. 54, 220,pedia, Dept. 3565, Chicago Box

E., Toronto 5, Ont. 85 Bloor St., In Canada, write: World Book Encyclopedia, 54, ILL. FIELD ENTERPRISES CORPORATION, CHICAGO EDUCATIONAL

If you do not wish to mar this cover—use extra coupon on page 883

.

Xr Jime ofJkanhfuune55

With bowed heads and grateful hearts, abundant living, for freedom of conscience

America now turns its thoughts to foundand individual opportunity, for happy ing fathers who dedicated this season of families and hopeful futures; for Faith

the year as a time of Thanksgiving. Right itself. This is the legacy they left. Will

thankful are we for this glorious land of we do as well for those who follow us?

This advertisement first appeared in the November 1954 Era. We are repeating:

it this month because of the numerous requests for copies of the Thanksgiving:

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY Prayer scene depicted by Artist Dale Kilbourn. We can now supply LIMITED

in fullcolor, extralarge (13%"xl6") size, ready for painting of this popular reprints BuildingBeneficial the coupon. Just mail framing.

1, UtahSalt Lake City

Please send fullcolor reprints of 13Vz"xl6"size of the Thanksgiving Prayer painting. I am enclosing 25c

for each print to cover packing and mailing costs. BENEFICIAL LIFE

Name

Street or RFD Zone State (Jr,City If you do not wish to mar this cover—use Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

extra coupon on page 883