In this issee Pres. Heber J, Graimt, Pres J, Reobeo Clark, Jr., Nephi L, Morris 3

Earl J, Glade, ProL Joseph F, Smith and Br, Lowry Nelson.

i city; rrAH

Every Scout and Scouter Should Own

This Wonderful Book—

—AThebookmostforimportantevery birdseriesloverof bybirdthestudiesworld'severleadingmade

authorities.

Birds of America was originally published in three volumes which sold for $17.50. Now you can get this

remarkable encyclopedia of feathered life complete in one volume for only $3,95.

Note These Features:

106 full page color plates by Louis Agassiz Fascinating description, free from technical

Fuertes, famous painter of birds, showing more terms, of each bird.

than 300 species of American birds in natural color. Special durable binding and paper of special

A series of color plates showing eggs of more finish.

than 100 different species in actual size and A BOOK FOR ALL AGES color.

Children will love its many beautiful pictures. Over 1000 pages over 1000 species—over Scouts will find it an invaluable aid in nature

1000 illustrations. study. For scout fathers and other grownups

John Burroughs, the eminent bird authority, it will provide a treasury of interesting inwas consulting editor. formation.

Send us your order today. The present bargain price, $3.95,

is less than onefourth of the original price.

The Columbia The Power of Truth

Encyclopedia By William George Jordan

A book of inspirational essays which origPublished by Columbia University Press inally appeared in The Saturday Evening Post "The first onevolume encyclopedia in Engbefore being published in book form. As an

this popularity, of their eighth is the Times. evidence lish of the York worthy name."—New

this than thirty years edition. For more book is upto-theavailable a real, last there At

minute complete reference work in a convenient has been a favorite of President Heber J. Grant,

size. who was personally acquainted with the author.

Compact yet comprehensive, this is an exPrinted in two colors on fine paper, handcellent book for home, office, or school. somely bound.

Price $17.50. Price $1.00.

We are book headquarters for the Intermountain country, not only for Church literature, but for books of all kinds. We invite you to bring your book problems to us.

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958

SALT LAKE CITY UTAH Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson, IMPROVEM ENT

Associate Editor

George Q. Morris, General Mgr. Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr. MARCH, 1936

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr. VOLUME 39

"The Glory of God is Intelligence"1"HE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'

Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations,

Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward Teachers and other agencies COMING of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

IN APRIL

SPECIAL EDITORIAL ON TEMCONTENTS

PLES AND TEMPLE WORK—

PRES. HEBER J. GRANT, EDITOR (church QJeatures:

OF THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. On Following Counsel. President Heber J. Grant 131

The Place of the M. I. A. in the Church Program..

President J* Reuben Clark, Jr. 133

The Mormon Village Dr. Lowry Nelson 148

ONE TEMHUNDRED YEARS'OF F. Metal Plates in the British Museum.Gordon B. Hinckley 154 GEORGE PLE WORK—ELDER RICHARDS, PRESIDENT SALT A Mormon Reading Room Donald D. Glad 166

LAKE TEMPLE. Promoting Spirituality Today Carlton Culmsee 181

The Church Moves On, 162; Priesthood: Ward Teaching, 171, Melchizedek, 172, Aaronic, 173; Mutual Messages: Executives, 175, Adults, 175, Seniors, 177, M Men,

178, Explorers, 178 and 179, Juniors, 179, 177, Gleaners, KIRTLAND THE MISSION OF THE

Girls, 180. FIELDBee-Hive JOSEPH TEMPLE—ELDER

ING SMITH, CHURCH HISTORIAN. Spectat)pectat o/eatures:QJe

Ab Jenkins Nephi L. Morris 136

Winning Spurs for Leadership... Earl J. Glade 141

AS KIRTLAND STANDS TODAYMELVIN ELDER J. BALLARD OF Maud May Babcock Prof. Joseph F. Smith 144

THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE. Kipling's Tributes to Women Marba C. Josephson 151

Rembrandt Van Rijn Winifred Heath 158. Iva Wilson 182 Marion Talley—A Homemaker

Exploring the Universe, 163; Screenings, 168; On the

A SPECIAL EDITORIAL BY DR. Book Rack, 170; Our Advertising Policy, 185; Your Page

JOHN A. WIDTSOE, EDITOR OF and Ours, 192.

(bditoriats:

The Power Within Man..John Al Widtsoe 160

"MARRIAGE FOR ETERNITY"—

RELIEF SOCIETY GENERAL On "Being Different"Richard L. Evans 160 THE

BOARD. Dreams or Vagaries Marba C. Josephson 161

(ytction and [Poetry:

UNUSUAL PICTORIAL TREATMoving Mountains (Part 2)...Walter L. Bailey 152

L. D. S. OF ALL MENT TEMPLES How a Smart Fox Lost His Freedom...... Henry Iannone 156 TEMPLES. ANCIENT AND SOME Lazy Morning Mary Hale Woolsey 164

Poetry: Frontispiece, Song of the Field by Vesta P.

Crawford, 130; March Wind, 150; Best of the Year's

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL Poetry, 155; Poetry, 169; From a Hilltop, 183, Bear

OFFICES: Lake, 184; Hymn, 185; Inclined That Way, 191.

SO North Main Street, Salt Lake

City, Utah Copyright 1932, by the Young Men's Mutual cJhe C<over:

Improvement Association Corporation of the

Street, Salt Building, Office South 47 Lake East Temple Saints. Church Christ Latterday JesusChurch of of The price, rights reserved.All Subscription Presidency, First offices the the of the City, are located wherein

$2.oo year, a in 20c Single Copy. advance; Presiding of the the Seventy, of the the First Council Twelve,

Office, at the Entered City, Quorum Post Salt Lake the Patriarch, Historian, the Education, of AcDepartment and Church as secondclass matter.Utah, Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage procounting, Missionary and Business offices. Completed in April, 1917, at a

vided for in section 1103, Act of October, cost of nearly one million dollars, this Ionic structure is architecturally one 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. of the most impressive edifices in the West.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes.and will exercise care in handling all

contributions.. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

Photograph by Walter P. Cottam.

this field so long the snow has lain Upon As ermine mantle wide and billowed deep;

Unto this field has come the early rain Song In silver splash to wake the earth from sleep;

Today the springtime walks across the land of th And sings unto the waiting furrowed field

Old words of promise that I understand

As even now I hope for Autumn's yield.

Though clock of time shall mark my numbered years, FIELD

And heart of mine shall lose its youthful song,

The earth shall last beyond our little fears,

By VESTA P. The days of earth are one great cycle long;

CRAWFORD ThisMy giftleveluntofieldtheI tillland'sshalleternity!ever be

ON FOLLOWING

COUNSEL By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

Of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

"Men who have sufficient faith to trust in God, come out of difficulties, financial and otherwise, in a most miraculous and wonderful way!"So says the author in this special editorial, written for

The Improvement Era by its Editorin-Chief, President Grant, who recalls incidents in the life of the late Brigadier General Richard W.

Young which show a remarkable record of good fortune resulting from following counsel.

had no doubt he would make a sucwas assigned to Governor's Island, cess as a lawyer, and would repay a few minutes'ride from New York the loan. City. He entered Columbia Law

After he had partially arranged School in New York, was graduated for the money to pay his expenses with honors, and during the time of for his education as a lawyer he said securing his education he received

President Hcber J. Grant tome: "Heber, inasmuch as grand- a salary as second lieutenant and

father blessed me and set me apart had quarters for himself and his as an army missionary, do you think family on Governor's Island, then have decided to write occasionit is proper for me to resign that counted by many as the finest army

I theallybenefitsfor theto beEragainedreadersfrom lison missionaryhis successor,laborPresidentwithout JohnconsultingTaynotpost onlyin theescapedentire Unitedbeing inStates.debt sevHe

tening to and following the advice lor?"eral thousand dollars for his legal

that may be given by the President I told him it would not be right. education, but in addition received a

of the Church, and will relate as exHe consulted President Taylor and salary while securing his education.

amples incidents from the life of my he was told to remain in the army. After he had been graduated from

nearest and dearest friend, the late It was a great disappointment to Columbia Law School, General

Brigadier General Richard W. Richard. Winfield Scott Hancock, who was in

Young. When he secured his appointment command at Governor's Island, comAs a young man Richard graduin the army after his graduation, he mended him on the industry he had

ated as a cadet at West Point, and exhibited in preparing himself for before going to the school he was the battle of life. General Hancock

set apart by his grandfather, PresGOD MOVES IN A remarked that many of the graduates ident Brigham Young, to serve as a MYSTERIOUS WAY of West Point were good—I would

missionary while in the school, and not be positive of the exact language in mysterious a moves millionaires'daughters; marry way.—-to GODthen, after graduation, to continue

to perform; wonders His millionaires that the throw wouldas a missionary in the army. his in the sea. plants footsteps He

After his graduation there was a And rides upon the storm. their daughters, figuratively speaksurplus, so he assured me, of graduing at the heads of the graduates,

mines in unfathomable girls at all the trouble and no hadates from more Deep and West Point, skill. neverfailing Of in falling love with wearing men lieutenants thansecond the army designs, bright treasures up his He

needed, and it was considered no And works his sovereign will. brass buttons. And as the youngsters

disgrace whatever for the graduates who married millionaires'daughters saints, take, fresh fearful courage Ye to future think of their had no needto resign; the contrary, the govon

clouds so dread you much The financially, to prepare themselves or their to receive pleasedernment was shall with break big and mercy Are resignations, with the understanding In blessings on thy head. for the battle of life, the General

that they would volunteer should said, they didn't make very much of the not by Lord Judge feeble sense, a record. in war.our country ever be engaged

trust his grace; But him for General Hancock also said he his uncle, Col. Richard consulted providence a frowning Behind

Willard Young, and other friends, He hides a smiling face. wished he could permanently proincluding myself, stating that he mote Richard W. Young, but as

will fast, purposes ripen that question the out of he was was resign, like to as hewould was the His hour. every Unfolding that thing pleased could he do one his child ofonly living widowed taste. a bitter have The bud may

mother; he hated to be separated But sweet will be the flower. for him, and that was, to choose

from her, and an army career would him as one of his own staff officers.

is err, unbelief Blind sure to "Lieutenant Young, He remarked: her.not permit him to be near

in his scan works And the are chosen on vain; you my staff with of us agreed to loan him Some is interpreter, God his own

money to secure a legal education, And he will make it plain. rank of major."

which would cost, he thought, from—William Cowper. I was in New York City at the

four to six thousand dollars. We funeral of exPresident U. S. Grant,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

to permit him to resign, as he had what is known as the starvation secured his education as a lawyer period of four years as a young and wanted to come home and get lawyer, drawing a good salary from behind him the starvation period of the government and having a fine a young legal graduate. residence at Fort Douglas without

Brother Brigham Young, Jr., and expense.

I argued to the best of our ability at The day that the announcement a meeting in the old Endowment was made that Richard's assignment

House for Richard to be released at Fort Douglas had expired I from the army. Some others spoke called at President John Taylor's

in favor of his resignation, and when office—I have forgotten for what we had finished our talks, President purpose—and he said, "I see by the

Taylor said: "The time has not yet morning paper that your dear friend,

arrived for that young man to resign Richard W. Young's term has exfrom the army."pired at Fort Douglas, and he is

This was a very great disappointabout to go East. You may tell him

ment to Richard. He wanted to that the time has now arrived for

know what the reasons were. I told his missionary labors in the army to

him there were no reasons given, end, and he is at liberty to resign."

only that President Taylor said he Faith, we are told, is a gift of ought not to resign. God, and Richard had the faith to

He said: "I would like to have accept the counsel and advice of

some reasons."President Taylor, and it is little less

I smiled and said: "Richard, he than wonderful that he should have

finest post, so secured the congive did not reasons any he when late Tlie Brigadier General in sidered, his edusecured the army, Richtold in stay the army, you to and you ard as he appeared Young W. into debt, cation without running secured of free your education shortly overseas going before

during the World War. debt and were paid a salary by the and received a salary from the govgovernment while you were doing ernment while securing it.

so, and upon graduating you were Certainly God moves in a mysAs I recall it the procession was over honored by being chosen on the staff terious way His wonders to perform.

five miles long. the watching I was of I think General is Hancock. you that experience who men My procession the insurance of from one afford well can the to take adtrust sufficient now faith to have in God

offices it filled on Broadway, and my vice of President Taylor."financial of difficulties, out and come

heart with pride to gratitude and otherwise, in a most miraculous and said: think wouldn't "Oh, I Hesee a grandson of Brigham Young way. else, of anything doing wish wonderful but Iriding with the general commanding

on the first line of that great five there were some reasons."

I assured Brother him that whenmile funeral procession. Richard This photograph of W.

said, young "Your After graduating the time as a lawyer Taylor about was taken at friend Young

Richard still kept in mind his wish ought to stay in the army,"I had of his graduation from the United

Military Academy at Westimpression that that was exactly Statesto return to Salt to Lake City, be an Point in June, 1882. right thing. theat with help home his mother and to

take care of her, but feared that with the limited salary he was getting "Dichard was on his way to his new after graduation from West Point assignment—I have forgotten tohe could do little or nothing for her. what place he was assigned—when

Subsequently, when the permahe met one of his fellow students nent Judge AdvocateGeneral had who had graduated in the same been given a special assignment at class, and he was bewailing his fate

Washington, General Hancock apbecause he had to come way out to pointed Richard temporary Judge Utah, while he thought Richard

AdvocateGeneral of the eastern as I remember the expression—was

department of the army, and, as I a lucky dog, in having the appointremember, was working to have him ment which had been assigned to permanently appointed Judge Adhim, having previously had the best vocateGeneral of the Missouri deplace in the army, namely, Govpartment at the time General Hanernor's Island, and then getting ancock died. other fine appointment.

Richard then fell back to the Richard suggested to his fellow rank of lieutenant, as another graduate that they apply to the SecPharaoh, figuratively speaking, had retary of War for an exchange of arisen who did not know Joseph. assignments. They did so; the

Richard came home on a vacation, exchange was made, and Richard and in the meantime I had become was stationed at Fort Douglas for one of the Apostles. He then asked four years, and was able to be in the

me, also his uncle Brigham Young, law office of his relative, the late

Jr., to plead with President Taylor LeGrande Young, and get through

1J2 I. A. The Place of the M.

in the Church Program

By PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

Of the First Presidency of the Church

This article by President Clark is a part of an address prepared for the Sunday evening session of the M. 1. A. Conference, June 9,

1935, in the Tabernacle, but which, for lack of time, was delivered incompletely on that occasion. Herein are answered everrecurring

questions pertaining to the relationship of the Priesthood and the

Church and their Auxiliary Organizations, with specific emphasis on the Mutual Improvement Associations.

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.

are the words of the scientist rather truth from paganism, whether that than of the spiritualist, and no scienpaganism be philosophic or scientific.

Anyof discussionthe MutualaboutImprovementthe place tistflowerexaminingcould do theotherwisebeautiesthanof echothe Thewith effortearly topaganismharmonizewasChristianityone of the

Association in the Church the Savior's words. The Gospel most potent causes of the Great

and in Church work may well be comprehends all truth, material and Apostasy from the early Apostolic prefaced by considering what the spiritual, but the work of the Church Church. We should not go to the

Church is and what it is not, and in must primarily be with those things domain of error to search out truth.

order that we may get rid of the which concern the spirit. Truth must be sought and will be

negative thought first, because negThe Church is not a debating club found in the realms of truth.

atives are not fighting units, they are—a polysophical society. Free, Finally, I conceive the Church is

frequently conquered troops in rehonest, truthsearching discussion not an experimental laboratory for treat, we will consider what the is encouraged, but explorations into spiritual vivisection. We may not,

Church is not. I may say here, that doctrines of error are not to be made. merely to extend our knowledge or

to be just passively good, not bad, Right, not wrong, is the concern of gratify our whimsical curiosity, will not meet the ends of righteousthe Church. We do not teach a touch the electrically charged wire

ness; we must be militant in our child constantly that two plus two of doubt and disbelief to this or that

goodness; we must make war upon does not equal ten. We do not spiritual muscle, to this or that spirevil wherever it is found. constantly reiterate to the child the itual ganglion, or to this or that spirOur Church is not merely a great errors of mathematics. No teacher itual nerve, merely that we may

social organization; it is this much versed in psychology would think watch the reaction and pain of the

and more. Social life is only a part, of doing this. We teach the child human soul, or that we may test its

and an ancillary part of the work of that two plus two equals four. If fidelity and constancy. We may not

the Church. Men should mingle tothe child suggests that two plus two dissect the soul or operate upon

gether socially. This the Master makes five, or six, or ten, he is reit. Our crude instruments lacerate

did. The material welfare of men proved and brought back to the funand infect; they do not heal.

is of high importance, but it is not damental fact in order that his mind To those who brought to Him the the end of existence. may work with mathematical acwoman taken in sin, and who temptThe Church is not a school or curacy. As with mathematical ed Him by quoting the Mosaic law

system of ethics, for ethics are the truths, so with all other truths, so of death, Jesus said: "He that is

empty shell, the husk of spirituality; with the principles of the Gospel. without sin among you, let him first

they are the whited sepulchre of livHistory shows that the early cast a stone at her."And after

ing truth. From the earliest days church began to fall away, to be led consciencecondemned men had

of Christendom ethics have gone off into by and forbidden paths, slunk away, and He had asked where down before truth. The teachings when the early Christians began to they were, and she had said that

of the Church are in the highest destudy paganism and to try to harthey were gone, and that no one of gree ethical, but these teachings are monize Christianity with the printhem had accused her, Jesus said:

not a mere system of ethics. ciples of the old pagan religion. The "Neither do I condemn thee; go, and

The Church is not merely a uniefforts of today to draw into our sin no more."

versity, or a college, although all Church curricula of study, doctrines This was the method of the Mastruth falls within the scope of the essentially pagan, drawn from pagan ter's laboratory. He might, on ocGospel. The Master proclaimed sources, will bring to us the same casion, condemn with the righteous

Himself a scientist when he said, result. God has given to us the indignation of divinity. But He

"Consider the lilies of the field, how truth direct; it has not come to us never tortured the human soul; He

they grow, they toil not, neither do from false or pagan philosophies, never planted doubt; His was always

they spin; and yet I say unto thee even though such philosophies have a healing ministration. To save, to

that Solomon in all his glory was not part of the truth. God has never exalt, not to harass or to destroy

arrayed as one of these."These required His people to learn His the spiritual life, was His mission.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

TThe Church embraces all these world, and preach the gospel to We know in practice that these various matters I have named, every creature."For "Every knee various activities are likely to overinsofar as they cover truth, for all must bow and every tongue conlap, and one of the urgent needs

truth is our concern; in fact, having fess."attending the work of the various

in mind the destiny of the perfect In the Church there can be no inChurch organizations is a mutual coman who shall become a creator, it activity of membership. The duties operative study and consideration

is obviously necessary that he shall of this Priesthood in the "Camp of by them of their work, to the end have all truth involved in the makIsrael"provide work for all, and that overlapping and duplication ing of a material and spiritual world. these duties are the priestly manual shall be, so far as possible, elimiThis is man's destiny; therefore all of arms. nated, and complete coordination

truth is his concern. Every individual must save himexist.

So much for what the Church is self by his own works, no priestly Now in all these activities, as I not. fiat can bring salvation; there is no understand them, the Mutual ImTurning now to the question, vicarious salvation; among the living provement Association takes a helpWhat is the Church: I conceive the there is no saving office or duty that ful part. When the Young Men's

Church to be the organized Priestsomeone else can do for you; the Mutual Improvement Association

hood of God, drawn up in battle actions of others may neither mar was organized, President Young formation to carry on unceasing nor make your own salvation. said that its purpose was to give to

war against error wherever error is Every law is a personal law, every the young men a testimony of the to be found. The conquests of this covenant a personal covenant. There Gospel, in order that they might

battle formation are not to be of the is no privileged class. Sin does not understand it and live in accordance

things of the earth, but of the unseen become righteousness because a privwith its principles. A like purpose

world of error here and of the world ileged person commits it. inspired the organization of the

to come. The Priesthood is essenWhatever the activity of any Young Women's Mutual Improvetial to the Church, but the Church branch or organization of the ment Association. Thus, as I conis not essential to the Priesthood. Church may be, it must always be in ceive the duty and the place of the

The Church is a growing organview, that the great prime essential Mutual Improvement Associations in ism, developing to meet the needs of life is a knowledge of the Gospel the Church, they are these: They

of its members and to satisfy the and its living that we may be saved. must, in coordination with the other

requirements of the mission of the All else is ancillary and subordinate instrumentalities which I have namChurch itself, and that mission, the to this, and all is directed to this end. ed, bring first and foremost into their

purpose of the Church, is to propaAny activity which does not meet work the spirit of the Gospel, to the gate, spread, and maintain the Gosthis test must go, remembering that end that the Gospel may be known pel of Christ, "the power of God all truth is part of the Gospel. and understood by our youth, that

salvation, its to thatunto every a truths testimony of one be may certain are instrumenthere NJow for,believeth,"said Paul, that "though obtained, the people young may talities the which of by Church live its in or lofty angelwe, preach from an heaven with accordance is on. this to carried be to that all activity gospel other principles. thanany lead you must Every

is first the In adplace there the this you, to end. unto preached havewhich we the affairs of ministration of the

let accursed."be him It to that personally seems me the to carried be Church, on by

The Church operates upon the presiding authorities, supplemented every Mutual Improvement Associaindividual, the Priesthood operates by the authorities of the stakes, the tion program for every evening upon the individual, trying to get wards, the priesthood, and the auxshould begin its work with some that individual to see and to underiliary organizations. Each authorproper Gospel thesis, in order, first,

stand truth, and then to live it, to ity has its place and its work, for that this Gospel thesis might be inenjoy the blessings of the Priestthe Church is a church of order. stilled into the hearts and minds of

hood, to exercise its powers, to meet Then we have the Priesthood orthe young people, and, next, that its responsibilities. The Church ganized into quorums, whose duty this Gospel thesis might be a backmust first teach, encourage, assist, it is to teach to the Priesthood the ground upon and before which all

and protect the individual member duty of the quorums. the other activities of the Mutual

in his striving to live the perfect life. Next we have the Sunday Schools Improvement Association for the

"Be ye perfect, even as your Father and the Primary which, along with evening should be grouped. This

which is in heaven is perfect,"said the Priesthood quorums, teach the would give to the Mutual activities the Master. Gospel. that spiritual atmosphere without

the Mutuals have no real reawhich maintain, must Next, the Church also Priesthood the We have existence. son ofteach, protect encourage, and the outside the the proclaiming Gospel

membership as a group. Church. This teaching of the GosIn my view the teaching of the

Third, the Church must militantly pel, both in our own organization Gospel in the Primaries, the Sunproclaim the truth, call men to reand as propaganda, relates almost day Schools, and the Priesthood pentance and to live in obedience to exclusively to its purely religious quorums, to which I have already the Gospel. "And this gospel of truth aspect, as distinguished from referred, should be carefully and

the kingdom shall be preached in all its all truth aspect. strictly coordinated with the teachthe world for a witness unto all naThen as a part of the Church acing of the Gospel in the Mutual Imtions.""Go ye, therefore, and teach tivity, we have the Relief Society, provement Association. I repeat, it

all nations, baptizing them in the the oldest of the auxiliary organizaseems to me that there should be name of the Father, and of the Son, tions, charged with the care of the consultation and coordination and of the Holy Ghost.""And he sick, the poor, the needy, the disamong all the teaching and activity

said unto them: Go ye into all the tressed, and those who mourn. instrumentalities of the Church, in

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

order that each should strictly ocFirst, the spirit of the Gospel must S I SEE the matter so is it with ourcupy the field allotted to it. Otherpenetrate into all the recesses of its A intelligences. We have enough

wise some things will be overem- work, and this spirit must be the intelligence, enough spiritual curphasized and other things entirely foundation of everything that is rent, completely to enlighten our overlooked. taught. To my mind, a part at least souls. How much we get through

Thus far I have spoken only of of each session of the Mutual Imdepends upon the amount of resistthe Gospel. I have in mind, howprovement Association must be deance we throw into that circuit of

ever, the great other truths not voted to some Gospel work, in cospirit. Each coil of resistance

strictly belonging to the spiritual ordination, I repeat, with the Sunthrown in, lessens by that much the side of the Gospel as we understand day Schools, the Primary, and the light which comes out. Every evil

it, but nevertheless a part thereof Priesthood quorums. thought and act is a resistance coil.

because the Gospel embraces all Next, it seems to me, but subject If we keep constantly thinking evil truth. I venture to repeat that we always to the first, the bulk of your thoughts, if we keep constantly doshould always have in view the deswork in the Mutuals is to be coning evil deeds, we throw finally into

that resistance the circuit so much cultural acgreat with the nected oftiny he is to go on and man—that little light can come through. if any just named, not I have tivities which until eternally progressingon, he

himself, through knowledge, shall be by way of giving scholastic work in This last is the condition of the man fail in to live the woman who fitted to not are do and worlds, possessing createable to field—we principles the under righteousness lofty the of making all by wayfully kind of whatever knowledge thisthis—but iniquity obsin Gospel; of the and art. music, of beautyit ennobling and be. thinking But now may I am

particularly, in connection with the literature, and drama, act as the struct the spiritual current from

Mutual Improvement Association, handmaid of righteousness and passing through.

of the cultural things of our lives, spirituality. The work of the Mutual Improve-v

the is to bring into Association ment thingsthose touch is which upon our there more one thing now And of this people lives of the young country. in this greatcitizenship I to like further that emwould

phasize: I mean purity of life among Church a knowledge of the fact that

lives, that their pure in be must to that of they in no seems young other our me people—cleanliness sin, that theirIt they commit no must cleanliness of body. in the AssociaPrimary place and mind than

tion and the Mutual Improvement Cleanliness is next to Godliness and thoughts must be lofty, that their therewith, acts correspond must therefrom. far of this the removedAssociations The not can youth

in live righteously that must they unre- appropriately uncleanly or so wellChurch person—spiritually with the commandments accordance

I spiritual a taberinstruc- cleanly beceive, shall say person—cannot Lord. of the art, Spirit in literature, Lord. for of the in thetion in music, nacle

I indicate tried to broadly have greatin history, spirit a him has in one of us Each in the drama—those I to conceive to be the what youcultural elements which go to make if to are intelligence which, and we Improveof the functions Mutual and a and roundedup woman man bodies, activities of the our judge by I repeat again Association. ment

I society. thinknot cultureda am of our the carrying of the work on is that everything that underlying these things of of teachinging the is intelligent than far bodies, more teachof purpose the be must done in secular the are taught theyas there apconscious mind. our Thus is activity ing no Gospel. the There as to are teach notschools; them we it to be, to pears indeed seems me in must can which engage you which

is will taught; in college coursea we there declare, that driven are to we spirthat to furnish something not

failure of such any sorry amake intelligence is of great wealth a it fails far itual in as so growth, and

I it is function.effort, for not our available cannot be which made it cast service that yield be must to

am thinking of teaching these things through the ordinary senses that are out.

to oursolely to their relation looking are mortality. part of more They as in your I like to think of you

It tospiritual seems development. mental fully our through available of foundation building the youth

culof these bringing theme that fully avaiL processes, more and still which cultural elements great these tural elements into a proper relation able through certain supermental I have mentioned, music, literature, to growth and developour spiritual spiritual the extent processes, or I to of art, the drama. want also and is parment, be done, and it can availability detheir wholly being into entering things of these think

ticularly a field for the Mutual Impendent upon the righteousness of your recreation, for I see these culprovement Association. our lives. tural elements as part of your recrePersonally, and I speak only per- I can think of the problem in this ational plan. Again I say none of

sonally, I am hoping that the Mutual way: an electric wire comes into them is of any use at all unless it

Improvement Associations will not your home, charged with enough administers to your spirituality. No

give up competitive work in these electricity completely to light your one ever danced his way into various cultural departments, under whole house. Whether it does so heaven, but dancing before the Lord,

proper rules and supervision, beor not depends upon how much of from the time of David on, has been cause I believe that out of such that current so delivered, you are something which pleased the Lord.

work there has been built and is able to use. You can put upon that No one ever fiddled himself into

building among the members of our wire a thousand watt globe and get heaven, and yet nothing in sound is

Church a musical, artistic, literary, a thousand watt light, or you can more divine and more uplifting than and dramatic culture unequaled in put upon that wire a small globe and a violin well played. Again I say

any other part of the world by any get a candle light. How much light to you that all of these things must

equal or even greater group than you get depends upon how much be so coordinated, so worked out, ours. resistance you throw into the circuit. that in the end they shall, combined,

So, as I see the work of the The more resistance thrown in, the develop the spirituality which the

M. I. A. roughly outlined, it is this: less light comes through. Lord requires of us.

Ab Jenkinssuperman OF SPEED AND ENDURANCE By NEPHI L MORRIS

This lone Mormon boy has established more world records than any other man in the history of sport. while many

champions are selling their endorsements to cigarette and liquor interests david abbott jenkins gives credit to clean habits and simple living for the endurance that has brought

Nephi L. Morris. him nearly a thousand records.

Tn this colorful narrative of speed * and thrills and world renown the author describes a career unparalleled in the history of sport, in which unequalled endurance and unyielding determination triumph. Nephi L. Morris, distinguished western

civic leader, business executive, and churchman, knew Ab in his boyhood; knew his family, and tells the

story, among others, of the mother whose son became honored and who shares her son's honor as reward for her wise counsel and upright example. The author finds Ab to be

much more than a racer. He is an

experimental engineer working to produce better cars, better engines and greater automotive efficiency for all, safer motoring; and above Ab is em

advocate found to be an exemand plar of clean living. Europe calls -.

him "superman;"Utah calls him

"Ab."

David Abbott (Ab) Jenkins, uncrowned king of Utah's.;'.V

Bonneville salt flats, internationally eminent speed and endurance racer, and distinguished chamamong whom he was reared and Ab Jenkins, internationally repion of clean and simple living, has prepared for his distinguished sernownedendurance,championpicturedof behindspeed andthe established more world records than vice to the world's progress. wheel of his car as he appears

any other man in the history of Among those who voiced their before going into action.

sport. During his spectacular career tributes to Ab Jenkins on that oc

nearly a thousand marks have fallen casion were Elder George Albert before his flying wheels. Smith, Dr. Richard R. Lyman, and achievement there are well defined

As one who> in an outstanding Bishop Sylvester Q. Cannon of the factors. Thousands have the opmanner has and is and will yet make General Authorities of the L. D. S, portunity but the one prepared man

a still larger contribution to the adChurch, Mr. W. E. Ryberg, Presisteps in and wins the honor while

vancement of transportation in its dent of the Salt Lake City Chamber the others either envy or admire.

more modern aspects several thouof Commerce, and the writer. The late Woodrow Wilson once

sand Utahns gathered together in It is well for the people of Utah named the "eight horses of trithe Salt Lake Tabernacle on Janand particularly for the youth of our umph,"or in plainer language, uary 8, 1936, for the purpose of notcountry at large, to take into account enumerated the essential factors of ing his achievements and testifying the factors that in his otherwise achievement in the lives of men.

to his secure place in the hearts and average life made for distinction and Without them, or similar qualities, estimation of the men and women honor. Behind every distinctive no man writes his name on the pages

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

of history. Here they are as he country's professional strong men.

named them: Force of Character, But fate decreed that Jenkins'

of Resources, Clearness Readiness should never grace the pages name Salt Lake City, Utah, of Intellect, of CourVision, Grasp athletics. of college only His 1935. 27, December

age of Conviction, Earnestness of brother died several years ago

Purpose, Instinct and Capacity for Pres. Heber J. Grant, and when Ab was fourteen his

Leadership. Every trait mentioned 47 East South Temple, father was taken away and the

is found in the character of David Salt Lake City, Utah. mother left with the widow's lot to

Abbott Jenkins. fight her way through life and proAb Jenkins was born in Spanish Dear President: vide for her children and to make of

Fork, Utah. His parents came from them the best of which they were

a small town in Wales, England, to Referring to our concapable. At fourteen years Ab's

Kansas City, where his father was versation of this date, career began. He assumed the

superintendent in a steel mill. Later relative to the showing place of the provider for the family

they moved to Salt Lake City. He of my picture in your as far as his years and abilities

spent his childhood days in the humoffice... This picture would permit.

ble but thrifty community known as is a tribute to our peothe Fifteenth Ecclesiastical Ward ple and brings out some- "NJaturally energetic, he found on the west side of Salt Lake City. thing of what I have employment in the railroad

W'ith his father and mother and five been able to accomplish shops of the Denver and Rio Grande sisters and one brother he lived in a by adherence to the Word Western where he served as apsmall fiveapartment adobe row of of Wisdom throughout the prentice in decorating and sign writcottages, facing the D. & R. G. track competition I have ening. While working in the shops

on Sixth West between South Temgaged in for the past he bought a city lot, finally acquiring ple and First South. One primitive several years all over title to it, following a long period of

adobe structure of the identical type the country. monthly payments. He then left the

still survives. railroad shops, borrowed money and

I to wish emphasize built house. the a sold soon organically wellHe a body With the fact in that the the entered house thereupon and early perfect nigh pleasure he found is it picture that shown business. contracting building His athletics in competitive of the sim- I do not smoke, or drink operations eventually reached beplest kind. him Those knew who chew, on the and car

confines state the native of his yond in a as Salt youngster City say Lake is there an inscription in that he never beaten was a foot which tells that I am a intoin thisWyomingbusiness andhe Idaho.gained anWhileenrace. to a barefoot used boy he As Mormon from Utah.

match his speed and endurance viable reputation for honesty and against other youngsters in the In 1928 on the Atlanfair dealing. On more than one

neighborhood by running against tic Speedway with idenoccasion he has ordered his men to them as they relayed each other tical cars, four of the tear down an entire wall or rip up around a city block. In other words best drivers in this a floor because they had used inhe constituted a one man relay team. country competed. These ferior materials or slighted their

Racing around the block soon defour men drove the same work.

veloped his unusual powers of encar and changed drivers Despite his business activity Jendurance. Later he acquired a every two hours, while kins always seemed to be able to

bicycle and the Old Salt Palace I drove my car alone find time to indulge in his favorite

Saucer track afforded him an opwithout relief twentyhobby—speed. His achievements

portunity to prove his mechanical four hours, and I was in in motorcycle speed events are still skill in cycling and in developing better condition at the topics of conversation for residents mental and nerve control. end of the race than of Blackfoot, Idaho, where he estabResidents of Salt Lake City also any one of the men and I lished the real foundation for his

still tell about Ab's "schooner"feats was twenty years older future world renown as a speed and how he used to build his own than the oldest one comartist. On one occasion he was

sleds on which he sped down danpeting. I am convinced painfully injured in a motorcycle

gerous hills at breakneck speed. that I never would have spill on the highway between Salt

M. O. Ashton, Manager of the been able to accomplish Lake City and Blackfoot, suffering

Sugar House Lumber Co., still tells what I have without several broken ribs, a dislocated

of some of his hairraising rides on having always observed shoulder, a broken nose, and nuthe Jenkins'sleds down Salt Lake's the Word of Wisdom. merous cuts. The doctor ordered

First North and other breathtaking him to bed. Disregarding these

hills. Sincerely yours, orders, he surprised the crowd at

If circumstances had permitted his the Blackfoot Fair the next day by continuing in school, Ab would have appearing on the race track swathed probably been one of the nation's in bandages and splints. His iron

really great athletes. He excelled will refused to be cowed, and he won

not only in field events but also in every event of the day.

other tests of strength. In weight And while successfully engaging

lifting competition he was never in the manly business of contracting, beaten, although he has matched his where honest building is an element strength with that of some of the of success, he found opportunity to

in action, a broad Jenkins showing to of distance In continent the 1931 San crossed he Francisco—a salt Bonneville Utah's view of miles. in minutes, distance hours, 3200 10 auto 54 by He made that with flats the speeding car and

driver snapped in the foreground over anything but perfect roads in again beating all railroad records as they pass near the judges'stand. 86 hours, 20 minutes. He beat the for the journey.

train. From this achievement Also, in 1931, Jenkins made a

William Randolph Hearst started recordbreaking tour across the contest his abilities in the manipulation a campaign of criticism through tinent climbing with an auto sixtyof automobiles, both in mechanical the farreaching agencies of his five of the country's most difficult improvements and in speeding. press system and provoked the hills. On this trip he broke every

Many a suburban contest led him to railways to awaken to a sense of hillclimbing record in the United the large open field of the world's public needs if they wished to conStates. It was on this trip that he

motoring. At this time of his life, tinue to serve the country as pasdid the "Giant's Despair"at

as his financial status improved, he senger carriers. As a result of this Wilkesbarre, Pa., which is recogentered the field of experimental enachievement of Ab Jenkins, and Mr. nized as the toughest hill in the

gineering and through practice and Hearst's jibes and taunts, the pascountry.

his ability able natural soon he was service senger of west Chicago was it this, in before But back was skill his duplicateto motorcycle with the that to brought of standard up that the discovered 1923, Jenkins that automobile. a Learningan rendered from which Chibeen had salt of the value beds famous now professional crosscountrynoted east. cago at for speeding. Salduro, auto Utah,driver establish transout to a was his Finally speed hobby became enoccasion than one he more Oncontinental record, underJenkins his joined business the he Studeand east tertained the passengers the on to after drivertook the overtake he parof Corporation baker America, trains traveling west and bound by Salt City passed throughhad Lake ticipating in that great company's flats salt faster these over than his the to the Coast.on way To in short mile 1928. run 30,000 A fastest trains the of the could surprisedriver's great chagrin and after time a he dawnto-dawn made faother system. our Jenkins and in After Angeles. him met LosAb drive Atlantic the City on Speed- "Bill"of years racer by, gone mous thisa or more, boy, from decade better averaging than miles way, 85 Rischell transcontiearly-day (anthe Salt Side of stands Lake West hour. touring the After an country

crowned with more world's records and visiting every state in the in motor driving than any living Union, he finally became identified Service on the salt flats, showing a man. with PierceArrow Motor Car Comgroup of mechanics, engineers, and

contest inspecting in Buffalo. with on, AAA In 1926 an automobile, he time pany From that

servicing while car Jenkins and Abofficials train to of the crack passenger his reputationraced spread every spectacit pauses during one of the two railway systems from New York quarter of the globe. ular runs of the summer of 1934.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

nental bicycle racer) preceded all engine of nearly twice the size of than 200 feet a second. Fighting

others in the use of the salt beds of the motor in the Jenkins car. Yes, desperately to hold the car on the

ancient Lake Bonneville. To these the English had come—and they track, Jenkins drove on.

two illustrious names we should add had come prepared. Instruments were jarred from

those of Gus Backman of the Salt With a fine showing of sportstheir mountings and rolled around

Lake Chamber of Commerce and manship Ab withdrew from the race the floor at the driver's feet, but he

Mr. K. C. Wright of the Utah State course on the Bonneville salt beds, kept on. Nothing could stop him

Road Commission. These compose that his English competitors might until fire darted from under the hood

the quartette whose cooperative efhave every advantage in their conand licked back into the driver's forts have made the salt beds famous quest. It was genuine western hosseat. Forced into the pit, he jumped

for auto speeding. They are the pitality at its best. When the Britout and helped the mechanics exmen who have "sold"the salt flats to ish drivers, led by the daring Cobb tinguish the flames. The damage

the racing world and, incidentally, were successful in wiping out most was serious, nearly all the ignition have also sold Utah to an increasof Ab's records, he was the first to wires having been destroyed. Nearly

ingly large number of "fans"in the congratulate them. They had shorn half an hour was lost before the

in seat the and driver climbed back long. for of notworld. him his laurels—but time. lost out to roared up make of regaining task the records His

the throttle wide open,f\NW fallTHEof salt1932,bedsAb Jenkinsof Utahstartledin the withsize ofan theautomobilebig BritishengineNapierof halfseemthe Throwinghe pushed discretion to the winds, the world by driving twentyfour ed almost hopeless, but Jenkins went reaching speeds of better than 160 consecutive hours at a speed of more about his preparations with the calm miles an hour when the wind was than 1 12 miles an hour. In 1933 he assurance that has marked all his at his back. With only 50 miles to

raised this average to 1 1 7 miles an ventures. go, he fought to bring his average

hour. Not satisfied with this achieveup to better than 1 35 miles an hour.

ment he returned to his beloved salt Late in August, after the English His tenacity and driving skill tribeds again in August, 1934, and drivers had been given a rousing umphed at last and when he shot established the almost unbelievable welcome back in England, Ab startover the finish line, Ab Jenkins was record of 127.2 miles an hour for ed on his fifth 24hour grind. Hour again the champion speed record

twentyfour hours. The world stood after hour he piloted the 350 horseholder of the world.

Duesenberg, supercharged power this at ofaghast the announcement three cut short reign But his was his designed by and streamlined ownachievement. later Captain George when weeks 10mile course that genius, around throne the can But no occupy man

salt hot, laden burning sun and the whileof sport meeting without any of the coating stung through taken when photograph This was wrest windchallenge of would those who grease had this on his face. Never distinguished a party of the West'shis laurels him. Following from

citizens caraled automobile an as driven he was bronzed Utahn run, hour twentyfour 1934Ab's to the out greet Jenkins van on Ab after record driving Record now. sea,there the across from came the arrived as he from highway to America. brought back was being his ac 1935 finest prepare to East effect for that the to therumors

racing crews of Europe would come Then, with the finish of the run in tivity on the salt flats. In the

right, picture, left to are threatened. disaster from sight The to recover theto salt beds of Utah City Salt Commissioner Lake the break to up and course began this lonethe records had American Jenkins, Keyser, D. George Ab as unmanageable almost car became Jenkins, 82 Elizabeth Hurlowtaken them. from

Jenkins himself headed a comit catapulted off the ground for disyear old mother of Ab, and mittee organized to promote the intances of 100 feet at a speed of more Elder George Albert Smith.

vasion of the European speed kings.

Instead of fearing competition he welcomed it and spent considerable money in sound motion pictures and other data to be shown before the

British Race Drivers Association.

On one occasion he spent nearly three weeks at Daytona Beach, Florida, persuading Sir Malcom Campbell to try the salt beds. In the meantime, he was designing and building

a 350 horsepower streamlined speed car with which to defend his records.

On the day of July 4th, 1 935, John

Cobb, giant English speed ace, landed in Salt Lake City. With him

were Reid Railton, famous British engineer and manufacturer, and a crew of crack drivers, mechanics, tire experts and service men. When

they uncrated their car, Ab's supporters were filled with serious misgivings. Every detail of its construction spelled "Speed."Underneath its hood was a giant airplane

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

Eyston, another English driver, factors in his character were those headed a second invasion of the principles of honesty, thrift, inUtah salt beds and took many of dustry, helpfulness, unselfishness,

Ab's records back to England, after cooperation, ambition to do, and dehaving attained an average speed of termination to succeed in an under140 miles an hour. taking. These were the qualities

Thus the battle for international which had been bequeathed to him speed supremacy goes on, the lone and successfully nurtured and deAmerican, Ab Jenkins, against the The rear of Ab Jenkins'car, showveloped by his frail but sinewy and speed kings of Europe. Today he is inglicensethe nowplatefamouswhich"Utahis 10,000"always tenacious mother who was neither

designing and building a superreserved for Ab, opposite which conquered by adversity nor vanspeed creation with which he intends he carries a similar plate on quished by despair.

to uphold American speed honors. his crosscountry tours which She gave him a healthy body and

While complete details of the car reads, "Yes, I Am A Mormon."taught him to preserve it in highest

have not been released, it is known efficiency. She taught him the value

that he will use a 12cylinder airone of Ab's runs, a London News of physical health attained through plane motor developing nearly 700 note says, "That man Jenkins is simple and wholesome living. She

horsepower. about the perishing limit. Last set him the example of ceaseless efIn the not distant future, he looks week's cable did not give much defort in a given undertaking and from

to the day when he will go after Sir tail, but it was quite enough, as the her, in a hereditary sense, came the

Malcom Campbell's 300 mile an man said when a 17inch projectile indomitable willpower to achieve hour record. Plans for a straightexploded in his billit, for the mere and succeed. Through a mother'saway car are now being worked out announcement that Jenkins had gone influence and power—the power ofwith two 1800 horsepower 12cyl- and beaten every world's record in prayer and faith—she kept out of

inder motors in the hope that the the list from 200 kilometres to 3,000 the garden of his soul the noxious land record may be shot up to 350 miles was shattering enough as it weeds and poisons of harmful and miles an hour. Incidentally, Ab prestood, but when the item of an evil habits.

dicted three years ago that Sir average speed was added it became From her he received those mental

Malcom would be forced to use the still more stupendous."traits which, based on a sturdy moral

salt to course if he bed wereUtah character, developed wholesome high the honors Unchanged by to hisrealize attain ambition 300 allsaving life the of habits and him, bestov/ed upon Ab Jenkins hour.miles an evil resistance of without of power his laurels bears with modesty. His

Jenkins has also been titled the loyalty to his native state is an obcompromise. Her influence in his

"safest driver in the world."He session with him. In spite of overyoung life of early responsibility

claims never to have had an accitures from other states he insists made the moral, mental, and physdent. He has captured the attention that his car carry the now famous ical man of the boy. His loving,

Elizcharacterful mother, devoted, 10,000"plate, opposite in official safetyof practically, every "Utah—

Jenkins, Hurlow now shares plate abeth a similar found is always a which country.the been made He has

member of the National Safety Lewith the inscription, "Yes, I Am A his honors with him in the vigor of gion of Honor, in recognition of Mormon."her eightytwo years.

having driven nearly one and a quarAll of Ab's achievements in recDavid Abbott Jenkins earnestly ter million miles without an accidenr. ord breaking speed contests and in insists that the simple, clean and

The Travelers Life Company has developing improved mechanism are wholesome life as understood and featured him in its widely publicized attributed to those factors which a striven for by his people pays.

book, "Thou Shalt Not Kill."good mother transmitted and nurReared in the Mormon faith, he

A moving picture company is tured in him during the formative proudly tells you that he has never seeking his name on a contract to period of character. The greatest tasted liquor or tobacco and does

build a safety film for national disnot use other milder beverages such tribution. In the interest of highas tea and coffee. To this admirable

way safety, he has talked over every fact he reasonably attributes his enmajor radio hookup in the country. Says Ab Jenkins: durance, calmness, steady nerve

Motorcycle officers merely wave to "I never endorse anything that and imperturbable poise of mind and actually not have used proved and drive enable which him to body, to pass happens if hehim them at a 1to be endorsement worthy and of at terrific speeds hour hour after regulationsspeed,* the higher than I insince use not tobacco and do specify. Frequently, they give him toxicating liquor, I cannot endorse without visible evidence of fatigue

courtesy cards requesting that he cigarettes and alcoholic beverages. or nervous tension. Single handed

it times been would have At laurels of the lifted the has most he unmolested on allowed to gomay be to convenient extra have a had few operating drivers greatest world's officer some byshould be stopped he selling dollars thousand for my name who does not know him. and recommendation for this or that in teams of three and four men who

Newspaper men have marveled at brand of cigarette. It wouldn't have relieve each other at intervals of two

particularly hurt I could have and me hours. colability drivinghis and devote

I that used the money. But knew experience to their of spaceumns As an experimental engineer, as such endorsements purchased somewith him at the wheel. In European times influence young people who do a contributor to improved automosporting circles, Ab Jenkins is renot stop to realize that they are tive transportation, and as an exgarded as much of a superman in boughtwould notfor forthatanyverypricepurpose,do anythingand I ponent of clean living, Ab Jenkins

his particular profession as was that might in any way mislead the has worked great good and stands

Jack Dempsey at the height of his youth of America."a worthy example for the youth of

career as a boxer. Commenting on America.

Winning spurs for LEADERSHIP!

By EARL J. GLADE

THEbrie},authortrenchanthas herestyleseta fewdownhelpsin for "winning spurs"which in his own lite and from his observations in dealing with thousands of young men, have proved effective. Earl J. Glade,

Managing D;rector of Radio Station

KSL and a member of the General

Board of the Deseret Sunday School

Union, has been eminently well qualified by a varied and successful career, to address himself to youth in the manner of this article. His qualifications include more than thirty years

as a teacher, eighteen years as. a

University professor, several years as director of an advertising agency and thirteen years as executive of one of

America's most successful radio stations. And not the least of his qualificationsdren—fouris boyshis familyand threeof sevengirls—allchilof whom cherish the ideals of their

father.

Earl Glade was born in Ogden, Utah, and urns reared and educated in Park City and Provo, Utah. He

is a graduate of Brigham Young University where he was also head of the Department of Business from 1904

Earl J. Glade to 1914. From 1915 to 1929 he was

professor of Business at the UniverSome practical hints for sityalso ofengagedUtah, induringmanywhichcivic, timechurchhe young men who want to qualify and business activities away from the for responsibilities in their campus. As a young man in his late

teens filled mission he the a for state and as wellchurch as in cumulatively; success each added in Church Germany. apHis recent affairs. business ofthe world awareness establishes an inward of pointment to the General Board

This series offers suggestions increasing power. the Sunday Schools came in recogof

that will aid young men to nition for past service, for outstanding ability progressive thinking, and for only theyachieve not what Illustration: and specifically more because of his in life, in also honor, butwant activities recent with outstandingan to that ordained Assume we are life of them. wantswhat ly successful in seminar group Granite

in the teacher the lesser office of Stake.

priesthood. We proceed at once to As a practical idealist, as a prolearn precisely the requirements of moter, as an enthusiast and as a dylecturer, speaker and this man Instead viewing office. them namic ofHow to Get More Power this has seen his hopes many of and to merely as duties perfunctorily be

o begin, let's memorize this endone, we see each requirement as an dreamsidentifiedandhimselfambitionswith KSLrealized.back Hein

couraging assurance: opportunity to serve and to grow, the "starvation"days of radio, whenT and so we proceed earnestly to few listened and no one bought. He

the first commercial broadcasting the calling, glorify by giving it the sold will give us more power The Lord states, in the mountain walked and is in us. utmost that into achieve the various the streets business fields of our of Salt City Lake

choice only when we have earnestly for months in a discouraging but eventually successful to effort secure diligently used the power we Resultand proper financial backing at for KSLalready have. Incomparable satisfaction i n a radio anything time when was but

achievement; new power as a result popular and promising as a business

venture; his perennial and and per- a there have Right we energies given withhaving our basic of of

sistent either refusal to recognize or for matter achievement!formula limit; No out readiness stint or a for is in new admit large defeat remeasure

*.- field of thewhat responsibilities. sponsible Salt City's activity—material, for enLakemental—spiritual—we acquire presviable place on the radio map today.

tige and power progressively as we This formula is also the very basis Someday Earl J. Glade's story may

use to the utmost the power that is of business success. Added power be adequately told, but here he tells

already ours. to increase sales, to save money and another story to young men—

Each worthy effort builds strength to pay debts, for instance, comes the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

very moment we begin to do somecf our Heavenly Father in religious guidance is now seen as the truly thing, no matter how modest, in each experience. great teacher.

of these fields. For instance, understanding the

psychology of testimony bearing, is The importance of high class apcrafts, in prenticeship the trades, in its satisfacto be compared B-E-G-I-N is the word—the big not

professions beand is nowword! joys business tions the transcendental with

of an actual religious experience that ing more fully appreciated than ever.

is only one way Begin now to use the power we is so utterly satisfying as to demand For instance, there already have! the giving of testimony before the to learn to build a metal lamp and

body of the Church. that is to make it with one's own

Understanding is not Experience hands under competent direction.

Learning Through Activity There is only one way properly to encountered peril some byHPhe sell learn that to merchandise and demonbeen frequently t has of the Church who young men is, is I laid, after to the ground work rule, the that, as strated most a liberally energies of theirare giving selling, experience, in actual study have are they who men of successful schools varied ofto the study brilliant inspiration the of under information. best the

is to substitry that theyphilosophy is sales leadership; there only one

tute an understanding of the formula This assurance intrigues us to way to learn to perform an apof religion for religious experience reach out for more and more knowlpendectomy, and that is, after acitself. edge. quiring the vast fund of technical inlearning that realize may now We formation necessary through study substitute positively is no There school. after leave right along go we skilled observation, guidunder and experience.for religious Academic learning the of aspects activity The counsel, the to ance and go into scholarly underprofoundness and important fact, in are process, more personally operating perand room satisfactions their and havestanding ago. years think than dared we operation. the form of true joys the butcompensations;

blessedness, which the world cannot Doing the things we are trying to That is true in every field of engive and the world cannot take learn has become so vital a part of deavor.

away, come only through the grace learning, that work under skilled There is no substitute for doing.

Nothing is more conducive to arriving nowhere than to The World Respects Men be going nowhere. That's Animated by Faith

one spot where, with no guide posts and little urge, one A ttitude as a vital aid to achievearrives with utmost certainty. ment is entitled to the place ascribed to it by the men who are doing

the world's work. Walter Dill

Scott places attitude ahead of capacity in the field of achievement.

The world has a way of highly regarding men who are animated by an earnest desire to rise above things as they are, and to evince true appreciation of the Lord's beneficence by doing the things He wants done.

Then, too, the world has a way of respecting men of faith—men inspired by a sincere conviction that

success is possible to anyone who really believes in the ultimate achievement of his aims and ambitions.

Sour personalities, no matter how brilliant, mentally, lose much of their power to achieve, at the very start.

For years a dour exterior and a secretive manner seemed to be part of the equipment of many physicians; and no one could possibly be

as wise as some lawyers years ago tried to appear. Today, the truly

great doctors are generally open and frank in their attitude toward the patient, and in many cases, by telling him clearly how they are seeking to help nature, win confidence, approval and radiant health for their

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

proteges. Truly great lawyers are easiest items on our list, we become Even though it appears that you

not ashamed to tell a client they increasingly convinced of our power do remember, it is well for him to don't know, if they don't, and that to earn anything we desire, in honor. be just as prompt with his own name

they will have to look up the law on as he possibly can.

It is well that having to remembercertain points. not has is the man Where who built a plan of achievement to we been embarrassed almost a point

The world's great achievers have should not broadcast it about. No of mortification because his acquaintalmost invariably been men of simple one else should know of it. Here is ance simply would not divulge his

candor, steadfast faith and rugged one place where the unspoken word identity?

courage. is a true friend. Where is the man who has not alfelt profoundly grateful forFrom Point "A"to Point "B"Too frequently plans that are inready

nocently revealed to others somesuch thoughtful consideration, when "\\7ith the depression behind us, how encounter unnecessary opposiit has occurred?

and clearer economic weather tion and, sometimes, heartbreaking Again:

ahead, it is not enough for a young frustration.

to merely be the onman way. should personnever Young men He one Person The we may whomshould ally a have road good use their and map in announcing "Mr."reveal our safely that plans—plansto definitely very exknow isn't he where names. own "Mr, Johnson"truly is are to sacred us our Heavpull in nightfall.pects to by anybody. Re- "David Johnson"R. will Father. enly treasure our He

: isvamping however, a definite somebody.

will us. help confidence and He

clearly a have defined He should President Roosevelt Theodore conception he what wants of this particular. In a model in in life "Now Try Again—was—where he wants to go and what Think Hard!"spite of his being one of the greatest

he wants to do. Tf you would ingratiate yourself and best known leaders of his generation, telephone on the he would will help Nothing a young man into the cordial esteem of acannounce: "This is Theodoreto organize himself his resources and

is Roosevelt"not "This and Mr.better definite than a of direcsense

Roosevelt."as the other man, Thetion specific objective. and a Nothoccasion required, might but do that,

ising to arriving conducive more nonot ColonelPresident the famous to thanwhere be going nowhere. himself. said, "This is When heThat's spot with where, one no guide Roosevelt"Theodore no there wasposts and little urge, one arrives question as to the personality behind

certainty.with utmost

the voice.

The old home town and the world itself have a way of flashing the "goRemembering ahead"signal to the young townsPsychologists seem agreed that man who knows where he's headed the process of remembering inand whose actions are purposive. volves at least five considerations:

pose—realPossibly beyondanimatingall thingspurpose—haselse, purinterest,doing andunderstanding,notetaking. observation,

an organizing power that inspires a the things we doman's achievement faculties into We remember action. better than those we merely think.

In the vernacular, then, the great If, therefore, in addition to doing, are greatly interested matter; in a wequery is: "What's the big Idea?"successful The most are they men it well; understand the observe dethe best have information. who

Get Out Your Fountain Pen! atailsfewaboutnotes,it carefullyit is altogetherand thenlikelytake

'"The men who exemplify the finest quaintances whom you haven't seen that we shall remember it.

in business leadership tell us to for extended periods, remember: Notes should be copious enough

visualize our wants more clearly that the subject will be understandDon't keep waiting them a second writing a sheet paper. of onby them later. able Indifferent hieroweeks

it in name. your full, out for Speak glyphics and geometric made clearly a graphic record these tiein completely, Making and and of while are the we aloud—onscrawlsdesires the also has the the effect old more town. name defihome of of telephone, for usually thinkinginstance—arenitely engraving sensithe them on not notes. outline is the good Even exasperating Nothing moretized plate consciousness. our of of a story to which means friend than you much a have met you whom is result that withThe we know as write now, you not casually, it, may only mean of and you whom it is certainty than evermore what

to anything several later you months ten, in syllable haven't a heard really to achieve. wantwe

twenty or maybe thirty years, who when you are trying to recall the

That knowledge is the first step insists on a pumphandle handshake details.

to realization. With the assignment that goes up and down, around and If you are remembering only onewell defined and clear, we can then around, for a hundred pumps, while fiftieth of the better things you read,

start with confidence to build a faith you are being put through the third you may be scoring high for some in our power to earn these wants. degree as to what the good people in laymen—2%—but that is not a

As we succeed in securing the his neighborhood call him. score that will make for leadership.

MAUD MAY BABCOCK Lin {Appreciation

By JOSEPH F. SMITH

Associate Professor of Speech, University of Utah

Hall as a gymnasium and social center. With its increasing popularity

necessity for larger quarters grew.

The Church became interested in thement—someproject. fiveShe thousandsold her dollarsequipworth—to the Church for four hundred dollars. She was an active

member of the committee which planned the erection of the Deseret

Gymnasium and for some time after the building's completion, was a member of its Board of Control. In

the meantime she had become a teacher at the University of Utah.

She founded its Department of Maud May Babcock Physical Education and also its

Alter long and unbroken service Department of Speech;

curto In addition the regular its therein she is now president—the in ricular elocution and work pubsecond to hold this honor. woman 1, The Professor

lic she speaking, the Unifounded to Before coming Utah, she had

December 30 just passed, gained for herself an enviable repuversity Dramatic Club. Thanks to

University the Babcock, Professor Professor Babtation Maud May as an elocutionist. (TheOn to the first University Utah was cock, elocutionist of the Departhead word been of had not then

ment of Speech at the University of replaced by the word reader. ) Cinoffer a student body competitive

in to participants dramatics award cinnati, Detroit, elected president of theUtah, was York, WashNew to those given comparable award ington,National of Association eastern centers an and other of Teachers

Speech at its annual convention held had acclaimed her artistry. for competitive athletic activity. The

at the Stevens Hotel, Chicago. This At Harvard Summer School University of Utah Dramatic Club

is a signal honor for one of Utah's where she was teaching in 1892, has an unbroken record of forty anoldest uneminent educators. The National Susa Young Gates was a student in nual productions—the

university draof record anyAssociation classes. her of friendship of Teachers Speech up broken A in the club matic world. Of all thoseis organization friendthe an between two memberwhose women—asprang forty Professor productions Babship state into ship extends stronger in the every sucwith which grew

Union and to the Hawaiian Islands, ceeding years and out of which grew cock has personally directed thirtyshe of them. seven was Once while the than three thouand urge which brought numbers more Maud May in Europe, of absence on leave

fitis in particularlysand. This honor Babcock Mountains to the Rocky

ting in the light of Professor BabSeptember, 1892. Through the in1907-8, once while she was on leave

cock's long and splendid service as strumentality of Mrs. Gates, Proof absence in Hawaii in 1922, and

a'teacher of speech. Utah may be fessor Babcock taught classes both once while she was on leave on a

justly proud of the honor conferred in Salt Lake City and in Provo. Inworld tour in 1928, the annual Varuport one of its eminent daughters. terestingly enough, her first classes sity Play was supervised by members of her staff. Professor Babcock has been one of included physical education—work

the staunch pioneers who have in which she was well trained and Tn 1914, she established what was worked to establish speech training proficient—-as well as elocution. known as the Utah Theatre**

as a worthy academic discipline. She Many hundreds of persons who and for the season of 191415 prowas a charter member of the Natoday enjoy the Deseret Gymduced plays with leading actors from

tional Association of Elocutionists nasium are not aware that the New York. Tom Powers—one ofwhich was established in 1892, New pioneer work of Maud May BabBroadway's outstanding actors—

York City. When, later, that orcock in gymnastics and physical played there. For three very sucganization developed into the Naeducation was of vital importance in cessful seasons, 19181921, Protional Association of Public Speakmaking the Deseret Gymnasium an

ing, she was among its most active actuality. She secured the use of *Dr. W. Wayne Babcock, now of Temple

members. She was a charter memSocial Hall and together with the University,leading surgeons.Philadelphia, is one o>f America's

ber of the still later National Assohelp of her brother* and at her ** Later the Wilkes, then The Playhouse, ciation of Teachers of Speech. personal expense equipped Social and now (bless the mark) the Roxy.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936 fessor Babcock was director of the elected president of Theta Alpha As wide and varied as her proVarsity Players whose home was Phi, National Dramatic Fraternity. fessional duties and experiences

the famous Social Hall. This was She served as national president of have been, Professor Babcock has

one of America's really great Little that organization for two terms. She yet found time to publish a number

Theatres. Many regret its passing has always believed in keeping of volumes of selections for oral inbecause the building itself, built by abreast of the times. In 1907-8 she terpretation and to write a teacher's

Brigham Young, was the first theatre went to Europe where she became handbook on interpretation.

west of the Missouri River. Moroni acquainted with Sarah Bernhardt. Not long after Utah had received

Olson who has since gained recogShe spent the academic year 1921her statehood, Governor Heber M.

nition both on Broadway and in 22 in the Hawaiian Islands. In Wells appointed Miss Babcock to

Hollywood got his start with the 1928-9 she went round the world, the Board of the Utah State School

Varsity Players. Maurice Brown spending a good deal of time in for the Deaf and Blind. After servand his wife, Ellen Van ValkenEngland and India, and in Italy ing as a member for some eight

burg, founders of the Chicago Little where she visited the haunts of the years, she was elected President of

Theatre, were at Social Hall for a Brownings. She is not only a Brownthe Board, and for twelve years

year. (Mr. Brown will be rememing admirer but, what is rarer, a thereafter served in that capacity.

bered as the successful producer of Browning authority. In England she While President of the Board she

Journey's End both in London and studied the theatre intensively and visited all the major schools for the

New York.) became acquainted with the outdeaf and blind in the United States

In 1921 Professor Babcock was standing figures in the English and many in Europe. So far as the

theatre. She has conducted four writer has been able to ascertain

tours to the Orient and is at Miss Babcock is the only woman to the present time planning her hold the executive position on a fifth Lotus Time Cruise to Japan, Utah State Board.

China, and the Philippines. Many

summers she has spent teaching 2. The Teacher

at the University of Utah, frequently at Chautauqua, and once at the A lthough teaching has been and

University of Wisconsin. In 1917 is her profession and of course

she was for a season one of the belongs to her professorial life, yet directors of the famous Washington her teaching has been of peculiar

Square players in New York City. caliber and merits special attention.

She is a nationally known interpreter Maud May Babcock has never of literature. Dipping in her scrap been a mere teacher of physical edubook, one will find enthusiastic comtHandbook For Teachers of InterpretaProfessor Joseph F. Smith mendation in press clippings taken tion, Maud May Babcock, University Pubfrom wherever she has read. She lishing Co., 1930, Lincoln, Nebraska.

has delighted audiences throughout notable '"Phe contributions that America and in Hawaii, China,

Social Hall, Salt City, Lake * Maud Babcock has May made the Philippines, Paris, Japan, it and as its appeared "lit'during to the cultural spiritual and enrichEngland. tie theatre"days the when ment the of inland West long have

Varsity Players were appeardeserved public recognition presand ing there under the direction ervation in print. it is particularAnd

Babcock. Maud PreMay ly appropriate that the writer of this of viously Prof. Babcock had overdue tribute should be Professor

this used historic structure as F. Joseph Smith, close whose association with Professor Babcock as improvised gymnasium.

pupil, as friend, and as coworker in a colorful profession has endured for nearly two decades with admirable loyalty and mutual interest. Prof.

Smith graduated from the University of Utah in 1924 as a Speech major with an A. B. degree. There followed

training at the University of London, for which a two year certificate was awarded, and further work at the

University of Illinois for which an

M. A. degree was conferred in 1926.

Since then recognition has come with teaching appointments at the University of Utah, University of Illinois,

University of Iowa, University of

Wisconsin and University of Minnesota. Professor Smith filled a mission

for the L. D. S. Church in Hawaii

and is a member of the General Board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association. Out of his long

association with Utah's distinguished adopted daughter, Joseph F. Smith

here tells briefly the story of Maud May Babcock—Professor, Teacher,

Friend and Latterday Saint—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936 dent with relentless precision, she bread—the while his hostess sewed

yet possesses that uprightness of expertly on a fine seam. He would

spirit that gives dynamic life to her marvel at the camaraderie.

teaching, and makes the thing Maud May Babcock the Friend taught fit into a correlated scheme of is probably the chief reason for fine living. After all that is the Maud May Babcock the Teacher.

summum bonum of teaching. The poet who said, "Let me live a

Throughout this intermountain friend to man,"voiced a hope for country have gone young teachers what "Miss B"has richly achieved.

Babcocktrained, if you will—who Personal sacrifice, no matter what

have caught her spirit and who are its magnitude, has never deterred in turn disseminating that spirit and her from functioning as a friend.

are therefore bringing inestimable Specific instances of which there benefit into the life of the communare legion, are probably of too ities which they serve. Her greatpersonal a nature for publication.

ness as a teacher cannot be measSuffice it to say that the path to Miss ured. Thousands of persons have Babcock's door is rarely cool. Perhad their eyes opened to beauty, sons desiring merely to say "Hello"

their lives enriched without being or to pass the time of day, or to aware that they are eventually inbring a gift; persons wanting addebted to Maud May Babcock vice, or needing comfort, or seeking

the Teacher. solace maintain a wellbeaten track

If one is desirous of getting an to the door of Maud May Babcock, idea of the calibre of academic work Friend.

at done of one institution learning 4. The Latterday Saint

let him inquire about its reputation at other like institutions. In the!s a student in Miss Babcock's A classes in Harvard Summer great majority of cases where

"Speech Majors"from the UniverSchool, 1892, Susa Young Gates, sity of Utah have gone elsewhere herself a woman of great talent, for graduate study (and for many, recognized potential greatness in her the Susa"—always years none without has gone Kingsbury Halt: theatre, lecture hall, many about interesting insistent teacher.missionary—set"Aunt Miss Babcock's urging and student auditorium, and headquarters

for the Department of Speech on cheerful encouragement) they have Miss Babcock in the West—or at

the University of Utah campus, in made outstanding success of their least feeding an interest already which edifice Babcock Maud May a suggested keen. "Aunt Susa"graduate study and have compelled has her today. office Professor teaching engagement. Upon respect for integrity, their their eswesternBabcock actively instrumental was

in the promotion, designing and sential fineness. Indeed, in many her return to Utah and following the

equipping of this modern structure. universities, graduation from the old maxim Deeds not words she set

University of Utah Speech Departabout getting Miss Babcock West.

cation, or public speaking, or drament is a prime recommendation. September 1 1 th saw Miss Babcock

matic art, or any subject. She has What better tribute to the teacher arrive in Salt Lake City. Arrangebeen and continues to be an inspirer who is head of the University of ments were made for her living at

of souls. One of the supreme tests of Utah Department of Speech? the home of William B. and Maria

the good teacher is the strength of Young Dougall where she was at the bond established between him 3. The Friend once introduced to Mormon custom.

and his student. Does the student of TThe casual visitor to one of ProFor instance Brother Dougall

his own desire maintain contact with fessor Babcock's classes would told her that while they did not drink the teacher long after the studentbe astounded could he visit her in coffee they would be glad to get it teacher relationship ceases to exist? her mountain cabin, which nestles for her. He then explained the

Of all the teachers the writer has among the pines in Brighton, Big Word of Wisdom. It is a delight

known, Maud May Babcock has the Cottonwood Canyon. In the former to hear Miss Babcock relate this

greatest personal alumni following. case he would be impressed with the experience. Her eye flashes as she

Literally hundreds of persons are professor's encyclopaedic knowledge recalls it. "These Mormons need

keeping in close personal touch with and the pedagogue's ability to get not think they are any better than "Miss B"(as she is affectionately work out of students. In the latter I am. I can go without coffee as

known) although campus portals case he would be surprised ( and not well as they can."So she thought,

may have long since closed on their a little delighted were he a dinner and so coffee went out of her diet.

college days. Why? Because she guest) at the woman's culinary arThe Dougalls had family prayers

is richly endowed with that rarest tistry and the housewife's dexterity. night and morning. Miss Babcock

and—themostgeniuspricelessto makeof teacher'sattendancegiftsat Afterenchanteddinneras he,he withwouldotherbe furtherguests, joinedaround. them.BrotherFastDougallSundayexplainedrolled

her classes that which is more than withdrew to the porch overlooking that they did not eat on Fast Sunday opportunity for academic acquisi- a mountain cataract and there—with and told her why, but also explainedtion-—an opportunity for soul rerushing waters and wind in pines as that she need not feel she must comfreshment. To her a sudent is much symphonic in diply. Not only did it sound like a obligato—joined the very good idea, but again who weremore than a bit of mental machinery. verting conversation—literature,

Withal a rigid disciplinarian, exactarts, the Taj Mahal, the New Deal, these Mormons that they should be ing the academic task from the stuHaile Selassie, a recipe for corn able to fast once a month the while

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

heart, "I cannot ask to be bapin power. Neither a hostile family

tized on trial."Again came the nor deserting friends could swing

voice, "Be at peace, my daughter. her from that truth which only the

You shall be asked."At once her Spirit of God can reveal to men.

mental turmoil was stilled—for the She was first counselor to Clarissa

time being, at least. Young Spencer in the 18th Ward

The following Saturday she was Y. L. M. I. A. She was president

teaching in Provo. While in Provo, of the Y. L. M. I. A. in the Eleventh

she stayed with the Gates's. For Ward and later first counselor to

some time, although she was perEmma Whitney Pyper, president fectly friendly with Sister Gates, she of the Ensign Stake Y. L. M. I. A.

felt rather on the defensive when Board. She succeeded Sister Pyper

Sister Gates was by. She felt she as president. With the help of Mrs.

must defend her own faith in the W. W. Riter she organized the

face of Sister Gates's vigorous misLucy Mack Home for Girls—the

sionary spirit. On this particular forerunner of the BeeHive House.

day, Miss Babcock returned from Together with Charlotte Stewart her Physical Education class at the she initiated camp fire work among

Maud May Babcock as she apBrigham Young University (she the young girls of the Church—an

peared shortly after her arrival had a basement room in the then activity which has developed into in Salt Lake City in 1892. unfinished College Hall) and upon the BeeHive program. She was the

entering the house was informed first to put lessons in literature into

I. A. program. Her geneashe ate. After all, as a good Episthat Bishop Orson F. Whitney was an M.

copalian had she not observed Lent? there to see her. logical research has been extensive

She fasted on the first Sunday of At once she was resentful. He and astonishingly complete. For

the month. She attended her own was there to convert her and she many years, temple work for her

church service faithfully. was not of a mind to be converted. dead has been going forward. At

She could see no one until she had the present time she is a teacher in Being of an inquiring mind she removed plaster dust encountered the Sunday School of the Eleventh the deal Church. about aread good in Hall. City. the Salt of SunEvery College basement Lake She Ward, of Life Smith the read JosephShe large finds long ablutions facing a as protracted her her morning day

Star. of the Millennialand much to Saints eager of could. Latterday as Bishop doubt she group No her impressed that read sheMuch left. Gospel. the teach on her However, hear had Whitney

truth. could not sheas However,

living years, there fortythree entering the her room, than For more of Prophet asaccept a Smith Joseph chatting sat comfortably. has he Her known Babcock May Maud the read, more she moreGod. The

it the that returned, or resentment with wavering Joswithout doubt and after Principle troubled. shewas of old Bishop argument. Prophet a Smith God. Whitney eph was

true.principle "Then Morseemed the at the stands to talked her and Gospel about Babcock Maud May I true. not But be must domonism "I asperity, profession. retorted with her of top she some Maud May a thatbelieve Smith was Joseph

is greatest believe of Utah's Smith not was one do Joseph Babcock time of andProphet God."Time has BishBabcock teachers. of a Prophet God."Whereat Maud May that impasse. toagain did she come to in thousands. idenfriend the answered been helped and op Whitney returning she was day when One tical voice humility underthe the she had and with of words But

it class; a on a Wedneswasfrom great, the can before, that three standing always mark heard days "How over going over andday; she was of these gates? Enter that the outside none acknowledges she you know the to got she as matterthe and for shall All but her oppocould know."been have and you Maud May Block, the of gatesouth Temple

felt Saint. peace great sition Latterday melted. a Babcock She The for arrived just seemed whatshe had

said, hesitation "That without and

I don't at time "Butthe hundredth Bluecrew stage for "The The I is to just do."was She what want

is production bird,"dedicatory of the Prophetbelieve a Smith Joseph 1892. 31, Dec. Saturday, baptized the in Hall, 1930, on Kingsbury voice a heard say she whenGod"

campus. ProfesUniversity Utah of this, has only that to not day clearly,perfectly can you pROM "How is center Director, the sor Babcock,

know outside the gate? Enter and her testimony of the Gospel figure. Professor Smith, Technical

you shall know."She replied in her never wavered but it has increased Advisor, is second from the right.

The MORMON VILLAGE RETROSPECT and PROSPECT By DR. LOWRY NELSON

Director Agricultural Experiment Station,

U. S. A. C, Logan, Utah

"P\r. Lowry Nelson, recently ap- "I AM NOT AT ALL FATALISTIC ABOUT THE FUTURE. On THE CON-

*-* pointed Director of the Utah TRARY, I AM VERY HOPEFUL; BUT I CANNOT ESCAPE THE CONVICTION

State Agricultural College ExperiTHAT REVITALIZED FIRED TO BECOME WE NEED AND WITH ANEW A COMMON Station, is qualified rich ment exby OBJECTIVE. IS OBJECTIVE That BUILDING THINK I LIKE TO FINEST THE perience training discuss to and long

expertly and sympathetically the CIVILIZATION THAT IT IS WITHIN OUR POWER TO IMAGINE."—THE AUTHOR.

retrospect and prospect of the "Mov mon Village,"which he does in this article.

Born in Ferron, Utah, the author the plat of the City of Zion was sent slums. Of course, in modern housspent his early years on a farm, subfrom the Presidency of the Church ing it would not in all cases be pracsequently securing his education at in Kirtland, Ohio, to the Saints in tical perhaps to adhere to this limiStake Emery Academy, Carbon Independence, Missouri, to guide tation. Nevertheless, the principle County High School, Brigham

Young University, and U. S. A. C. them in establishing the sacred city. involved is one which modern archifrom which last named institution he This plat represented a community tects and city planners will applaud.

in graduated was in Agriculture 1916. mile one square, into divided tenthat contemplated the Since it was

Since then he served as has Secreacre blocks, except that the middle city inhabitants in live of the would tary to the President State of Utah tier fifteen contained acres each. the accordance with Order, United Agricultural College, Assistant State

Leader of County Agents, Sanpete The blocks were subdivided into there were to be no individual barnCounty Agent, Field Agriculturalist, twenty onehalf acre lots. All yards in the city. All livestock

Editor of Farmer, the Utah Director streets were eight rods wide and would be kept on the outskirts. ObExtension of the at Division Brigham Young University, and Prohouses were to be set back from the viously, there were to be no resifessor of Rural Economics and Dean street twentyfive feet to permit of

the College of Applied of Science at suitable in front. parking Salt City, 1852. Lake This—the institution. same reproduction of instruction sketch a signed of by by A letter Dr. Nelson's graduate work has discovered Major and W. W. Smith, Joseph Sidney Rigdon, and been principally done at the Univerpurchased the Hisby Church Frederick specified the Williams G. sity of Wisconsin he where received torian's is office the probably

the S. details M. followed in laying to be out degree in 1924 and the earliest sketch of the city now

in Ph. 1929. D. city. the it in existence. things, other inprobable Among The

time At the the writing this of of the plat City of Zion of that said not than one more house fluence article the author was Chief of in streets the layout is shown of to built be the was lot, a regulation on a Project Planning Section Rural of the houses. this, Prior to earand the

Resettlement Administration with obviously designed to prevent housliest Salt Lake City picture in the headquarters in Washington, D. C. ing congestion and the creation of historian's office was dated 1853.

His writings have appeared in many scientific periodicals and he is the author of several bulletins dealing with social problems in rural communities of Utah.

TheWestMormonare thecommunitiesproduct ofofthea great faith geared to intelligently directed human labor. The

great faith was associated with the prophetic promise of a better world, a world where human beings would live together in amity and understanding, and all would work cooperatively toward a common goal.

The "village"pattern of living which is distinctive of the Mormon

West had its origin in 1833 when

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

dences established on the farms. merely testify to the effectiveness of removed from actual residence in

These were to be owned "in comthe village as a method of conquerNew England. The adult years of

mon;"that is, each family would ing the wilderness; they do not exthese leaders were spent more often

"consecrate"his possessions to the plain its origin. The most that can in New York and other states reLord, and transfer title to the Bishbe said is that these factors conmoved from the states of their naop. He, in turn, would allow each tributed to the perpetuation of the tivity. The New England influence

family an "inheritance"over which village plan among the Mormons. is undoubtedly important in Morhe would act as "steward."An inNeither can it be shown conmon culture, but it cannot be said

heritance meant usually a farm of a clusively that the New England to have been sufficient to determine size sufficient for, and in accordance town was the prototype of the Morthe mode of settlement in the West.

with, his needs. mon village as some writers have It should be understood that the

The management of this farm assumed. New Englanders settled Mormons were influenced in the

would be left largely in the hands of widely over the American continent, planning of their ideal city by many the "steward"to operate according but in no area did they establish the factors. A very important one was

to his own judgment. It was exclose settlement pattern. Always the general spirit of reform which

pected that he would operate it they fell in with the prevailing patprevailed over the country during the wisely and industriously. If there tern of scattered settlement, which

were a "surplus"remaining at the was made imperative by the restricPlat of the City of Zion.—This

end of the year's operation, over and tions of the land laws which prereproduction of the original dtaw above the amount needed to care for scribed residence on a piece of land ing and explanation for laying out the family, this surplus was to be before it could be patented. The thethe ProphetCity of JosephZion wasSmithsentto theby

turned over to the "Bishop's storeMormons had their own land system brethren in Zion on June 25th, house,"to be used to help new famfor twentytwo years before they 1833. A partial statement of

ilies to get a start, or to take care of actually obtained Federal patents. the significance of the plat is

the needy. Moreover, while some of the Morgiventicle. Furtherin the accompanyingtreatment is foundarBefore this system got under way mons were New Englanders, most in Volume 1 of the History of

in Missouri, the members of the of the leaders were a generation the Church by Joseph Smith.

Church were driven out, and forced,>j*-*:.;.;:>*':': L.:

to migrate to Illinois. They experi- v.. '>...-.-,": ':';.';-"*"*- * "**">v * **': *******

enced six years of comparative u.

peace, during which time they built the city of Nauvoo.

When the great exodus to the mountains occurred in 184647, it should be remembered that Brigham

Young had in his possession the blueprint and instructions which were used in establishing communities in the Great Basin. This

should not in any sense minimize the work of the great pioneer leader.

But it does indicate the foresight and ingenuity of the Prophet Joseph ii

Smith and his associates in Kirtland.

HThe "village"plan proved to be a most effective settlement technique in the West. Many people

have fallen into the error of attributdt ing the rise of this unique form of settlement to the environmental conditions of the Great Basin. It has

been argued that close settlement was made necessary by the scarcity of water and the necessity of irrigation, but we have many irrigated sections where farm residence is the rule. Others claim that the village

arose as a protective devise against the Indians. But the danger of In-. *

dians was even greater on other

American frontiers, and still the people settled on scattered tracts. VEP

Moreover, the Mormons built forts to provide protection, and after the danger was removed, instead of settling on scattered farms, the pioneers moved on to village lots. *; it **., ftS

These alternative explanations -***&&:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

first half of the nineteenth century. to deliver water to the users. This tumbledown fences, houses, and

This period is probably the most inprocedure would, however, have barns in need of repair and paint, teresting one in American history. done great violence to the ideals and the small number of young

As Dr. John R. Commons of the which animated the Pioneers. shade trees being planted to replace

University of Wisconsin has said, But, most of all, the Mormons the old ones which are dead or "Visions of a new moral world had have distinguished themselves, so dying and in need of removal.

taken possession of the minds of far as colonization activities are conThese are superficial things, but men."cerned, in maintaining the village often they bespeak a decadence of

Many people other than the Morpattern. The mode of life may repspirit which is not superficial.

mons were setting up Utopias. resent a slight economic sacrifice in Rather, it is very fundamental. We

There was the Oneida Community the inefficiency which results from only recently completed celebrating in New York state, and the "New separation of the homestead from the first hundred years of the

Jerusalem"of Jemima Wilkinson. the farm. There is time and effort Church. While that is important,

The Fourier Cooperative movement lost in traveling to and from the we must recognize the fact that we had its greatest strength in New farms. But the gain in opportunity cannot influence the past. MoreYork state. Over on the Western for social participation, and in the over, the success of that hundred

Reserve in Ohio near Kirtland, Sidhigher standard of living which the years was largely the result of the ney Rigdon's congregation was tryvillage makes possible, in most cases bold but careful planning of that ing to live the ancient doctrine of easily offset the economic disadgroup of young men and women

Christian Communism. A young vantages. Utah, for instance, led who caught hold of a great dream

Englishman named Robert Owen inall the states in 1920 in the number and, under the inspiration of God, vested a sizeable fortune made in the of farm homes equipped with elecgeared the dream to reality.

textile mills of England trying to tricity, and was third in 1930. This

bring to pass the creation of cocan be traced directly, it is certain, operative living among human beto the fact that homes are close toTt is the next hundred years which ings in Harmony, Indiana. The ingether. It costs a farmer in the concerns us most. We can do

telligentsia of Concord and Boston open country from $500 to $1000 something about the future. We

had their own experiment at Brook to provide himself with electric servcan dream for the future as Joseph

Farm. There were numerous other ice, whereas the Utah village farmer Smith and Brigham Young and

attempts. can secure it for a fraction of that others dreamed for the future, and

it true. to worked make come To cost. can advantage be same The all, In of a period it was magintelligently, this to do need do we utilities, cited other runof as suchnificent for better world, dreams a things: these more become (1) gas, diswater, ning and sewage of to experimentsand those put careful the study, of aware, through posal.

reality. intodreams of But most spirparticularly the great values,

villages perare the not But Utah failure, inthe ventures leavended lie itual in past; values our which fect. along have, other with Theying the disfounders bankrupt and intelligently present our study (2) of the country, sections an undueillusioned. situation; in future plan our (3) portion "rural are slums."of There

facts the terms of revealed by that of study; in a spirit and move (4)HThe Mormon movement was stillthe benefitstoo manyofhomesmodernunabletechnology.to have

spectacularly successful in many Too many housewives are still carrycooperation towards our goal.

of its aspects. While the common ing water from the ditch. From the This means, among other things,

use of material goods was never standpoint of civic beauty, our vilthe perpetuation of some of ithe realized according to the original lages will stand much improvement. idealism of the Founders. The

design as set up in the system we A visitor must be impressed by the world of mankind must make its call the United Order, the idealism achievements through cooperation.

contained therein had a powerful Man working alone for selfish goals influence upon the culture of the is a pitiful spectacle. He cannot

Mormon group. It gave forceful reach the heights. Mormon civiliimpetus to their early cooperative aczation likewise will develop further

tivities. When a group of families only on the basis of greater coopersettled on a stream, it was the comative spirit. We may need to demon practice to allow all families velop new cooperative techniques,

to participate equally in the land just as our fathers did, but these and water resources which were should come only as we work there. Each got its share of the land through our problems and the need

and water, and participated equally becomes plain.

privilegesin grazing in the common WINDS MARCH is practically in the nothing Therepastures. irrigation The mutual By Joseph R. civilization reachMeservy way of Mormon private prevailed the overcompany

ing heights attained by night. lastcommercial nonhard blowing company. 'T'he came wind As one peoples. great peoany have a notWebefore if out, his hit the has pointed with all house mightMormon writer He great the of races ple compounded

rattled door and windowpane; his associates AndBrigham and Young of a the world; and peoples have we

backed and Then away fortunes beenhad amassing bent on hit again. rich spiritual heritage; have and we

for themselves, they could have done But still our house withstood his blow. great natural resources on which to

so very easily by acquiring posOf course, it made him angry, so build. We need only to set the goal

session of the irrigation resources He blew and blew the whole night through; high and devote ourselves as a unit

and formulating service companies He screamed and roared right loudly, too! to'its realization.

Kipling's TRIBUTES TO WOMEN By MARBA C JOSEPHSON

. When to the Kiplings in Bombay, India, a son was born in

1865, the mother, homesick for her own England, named that son for the lake, Rudyard, near which she and her husband had donetheir courting. In this unusual way the East and the

West were linked and manifested this combination in the later life of this author who wrote so strongly for the British system and so sympathetically of the native people of India. His death

in January, 1936, touched people all over the globe because the variety of subjects he treated and his qualities of human interest made him truly a citizen of the world.

Rudyard Kipling

ference in the welloiled manman-... "Could never know why

agement of affairs is subtle and unAnd never could understand."

looked for—we are tempted to say, Kipling's works are replete with

himself. by Kipling of of the virtues women. examples is like Kipling, Caesar, a evenSince courage Fidelity, selfsacrifice, and Soldiers gives us Kipling's Three with, to conjure the name when

Kipling's in of manifest many of are characters. famous Some most is Kipling words "Rudyard to Delhi"Scindia heroines. "With stories in these the show women air, flashed thedead"were on the devotion gives tragically the enough that of far exceeds heroism which junglesworld mourned. the From

girl, her for Lalun, slave the of soldiers themselves. Perhaps the toof India pavin'the "blasted

life sacrificed her she master when heroic pathetically example more nostones"the of London, from Ganges his. for selfsacrifice, courdevotion, of andRiver the through KipSeas, Seven

ling has been known and loved by age is recorded in literature than "Yea, Delhi town was very near when 'Slay! whispered, Lalun of Courting of Dinah in "Thethe the young, old and the rich and that

life, the mare of my sinks fast—stab of Lord in the face Shadd."Even Dinahthe sexes. of both poor die.'deep and let me hardships, unendurable almost tore not, and Scindia the maid But would like a paraThis perhaps sounds altrue to Mulvaney free Dinah remains away, and Hungdoxical statement to those men the thunheard turning as she his fell we And acknowledges he himself who thoughhave so glibly quoted Kipling's "a unworthiness. dering Populzai."

rag, a bone, and a hank of hair"definition of women. Naturally Kip- 'Liza Roantree's terrific struggle By leaping from the horse's back

ling, reared in the British system, and semisuccess in keeping Leaand sacrificing herself, the girl gave was more interested in men than in royd, the second of Soldiers Three, her master the chance to reach women. In fact, Kipling's predomin the straight and narrow path point friendly territory. Patriotism in its

inant characteristic is his intense out clearly the beneficence of a good essence is portrayed by Bisesa in masculinity. Behind the scenes of woman's love. "The Sacrifice of ErHeb."

his stories feel the and poems, we for Vampire,"who "The Even at "... turned she away Twice ofpresence and hearty men feel of best is a the loathsome door darkness the Before awful creature, we

soldiers most whom halefrequently—to of pity for: a twinge

isKipling his rehearsing experithird time But the she cried out put her and ences and imaginings. Kipling "It isn't the shame and it isn't the blame palms

therefore colors his pictures as these That stings like a white hot brand Against the hewstone leaves, and. prayed

Taman, coming to know that she never knewmen's men would prefer to have It's spare ErHeb and take her life for To why them painted. (Seeing, at last, she could never know price."

why) Although Kipling is primarily inAnd never could understand."The pathetic constancy of the

terested in men, in most of these little native girl, Har Dyal, brings stories the woman's influence far While ignorance may be inexforth a lilting sweetness quite unexceeds the man's. The women are cusable, it is at least pitiable and the usual in Kipling:

"deae ex machina"—and their intervampire (Concluded ok page 183)

a

BY WALTER L BAILEY

"This..,"That was all. As

the three looked from their position on the iceberg, the sturdy freighter was crushed like a berrycrate. A

great crackling of its timbers rent the air; huge splinters leaped skyward. Then it was over. The two

bergs fell away from each other again, to go moving onward on their journey of destruction—formidable

dreadnaughts of God. While in

their wake the crushed remains of the Banaza slipped from sight beneath the waves as if it were a single waterlogged board. Moving The vanishing of the freighter

from the surface of the ocean left the three realizing more than ever that they were helplessly adrift—adrift mountains in the middle of trackless ocean on a moving mountain of solid ice—

thing that no ship would venture and thus Hamond far: Bob story freighter off The the to was slipping left close enough to, for the crew to see finishing first their jobs after Bolin tookDan the side berg. of the of them around them. the aboard assistant engineers asschool

freighter Banaza. Shortly after they had But suddenly two other bergs came "It might be a long ride for us,

the berg plowing they around were cracked, their engine Arctic had theentered Spike. said boys,"Old We of midst in the motionlessleaving side. on, them each one on two These up. thing or this speed it guide can'tWe calls sent out byicebergs. were The SOS considernew-comers moving were but nothing make absolutely can do Spike engineer, freighter's radio.the The their faster ably dreadthan own possible to set to as for the comfortable crew orders issued as ourselvesAmbry,

work to try to effect the necessary repairs. naught. The one on the left caught and wait. Where we are going,

icethat ship, started, the the cry up went forcing they her before forwardAs the outcome will be, is what and all deahead.bergs men dead were The its if the continuous as advance to Providence."only known lifeboat, Spike leaving inserted only the all. freighter at weight heavy had no extricate their to best to Bob doand Dan

staring pinned the others iron stood with the had Bob rod whichfrom huge afternoon was the JtIalf the floor to dropped the had crewhim when as bergs, each one on the two kind of a camp in rigging up side, spentit. their provisions, gathered three The ahead. watched on They deprescave-like narrow in a deep, to clothing a moved preparatoryguns, making and

jump aboard an iceberg when one should them draw gradually together, as if sion running back into the side of it sides long of the plowing struck, they freighter. their downreach When midafternoon ship. a their icy About

shelf. supplies the icy their Just topitched its letter point; they toward huge V overgrayish heavy, noticed a Bob from careening started freighter theas away slip freighter the try to again saw old sky, the and drew of for casting their leap three the iceberg, the made

side, icy captor's too her but around shelf. the icy to it. attention Spike's

late. The two mountains of ice "We're in for a blow, soon,"said

came slowly together, with the the veteran engineer, squinting at Chapter Two—Aboard the Banaza caught between them like a the leaden sky. "There'll be plenty

Icy Dreadnaught trapped animal. of snow and wind, and it won't be

And even as the two mountains of long in breaking loose. Storms come

ice were pressing her strong sides to up quick in these latitudes."

point, voice, clear a breaking and passed icy the the had ten minutes struck Before B,'ob the strong, of the broke from deck first, Spike feet that old feet plateau his to but keep knew and Bob Dan floated ship out doomed and a sudin the impossible. truth. shot was There thewas up to spoke They

air and he came down sprawling and them. den flurry, then the storm burst in

skidding along on the slippery sur- "Our topic for consideration this all its icy fury.

face of the ice. He came to a stop morning, friends of the universe, are The three hastily withdrew into

against a box of canned tomatoes, the words of our Divine Protector: the bowllike cave where all their

and glancing about he saw Dan and 'Lo, I am with you always, even unto heavy clothing and provisions were

Old Spike whizzing along on their the ends of the earth!"stored. The temperature dropped

backs and doing some lively skir- "The radio,"said Bob. "It was rapidly. A fierce icy blast swept

mishing to stop themselves. set on a station."the sides of the iceberg, whipped in

Coming to a stop, the three climbThe voice had ended. There was and out about its lofty peaks and

ed carefully to their feet and gazed a moment of quiet. Then the voice cavelike depressions with a high

out at the listing Banaza. The began again. whistling noise. The air was filled

"That means the..!"

Bob paused significantly, a lump settling in his throat. "The Ice!"Dan finished,

his face ashen in the candle light.

with millions of particles of snow, ILLUSTRATED BY keep out the snow and wind, then driven before the mighty wind at FIELDING K. SMITH took a candle from a small box

breakneck speed. which he had brought along and

Bob watched the halfdark ocean sides. On and on went this monster struck a match to it. The flickering

without. It began to heave and roll of the deep, carrying its three paslight shone dazzlingly against the

fearfully under the force of the dissengers huddled together in the proicy walls.

turbing elements. Great waves betection of one of its many icy caves. "First let's see which way we're

gan to lift and roll toward the high The sky was blackness itself. The headed, then we'll have something

shelf on which they had taken reocean continued its mad heaving, a to eat,"remarked old Spike. He

fuge, bringing with them numerous trackless mass of darkness and pulled a small handcompass from icefloes which were steadily becomgloom. Wave after wave continued his pocket and held it flat in the

ing larger. to hurl itself in vain against their candlelight.

Suddenly a great black wave, icy dreadnaught. Bob noticed a deep frown pass

higher than the others, came loomacross his face. Deep lines furing toward them, seemingly high A,lFter several hours the rowed his forehead for a moment,

above their shelf. It broke against darkness of night was added to the then slowly smoothed out. But he

the iceberg with tremendous force, darkness of the storm, and the three still held the compass; he still looked

but the inconceivable bulk of ice could but sit and listen to the howlat the little instrument as if he found rode through the waves like a steaming of the gale and the dashing of what he saw there hard to believe.

ship through a ripple. Like the the waves as they broke against the Bob moved so he could see the

dreaded monster of the deep it was, solid abutment of ice with a sound face of the compass. The slender

the icemountain cut its way mathat was like breakers in a hurricane. black needle on the dial was hoverjestically through the violent, heavTime and again Bob wondered ing over the capital N.

ing and rolling disturbance of the what could be the fate of the Ban- "North!"The one word broke

ocean with little more than a slight aza's crew. Unless some vessel from Bob's lips.

swinging and rising and falling mopicked them up, they were surely The veteran engineer hastily sliption. lost. For the little lifeboats would ped the compass into his pocket. It

Dark waves, towering high, seemnever ride through this pandewas plain that he hadn't meant for edthem—onlyalways ontothebreakbrinkwithof engulfingharmless moniumOld Spikeof thefasteneddeep. a thick blanket theneedleyouthstold, toat knowleast notwhatyet.the little

force against the berg's cold icy across the mouth of their cave to (Continued on page 190)

Used by Permission British Museum

Engraved Gold Tablet of the Second Century B. C, discovered

under the foundation stone of a temple at Canopies, Egypt, in 1818. The engravings are in Greek.

METAL PLATES IN THE of the engraving ofMention records on metal is made in the Old Testament as well as in the Book of Maccabees in the BRITISH MUSEUM

Apocrypha. Research in ancient

history has shown conclusively that the Egyptians, Greeks and Hebrews By GORDON B. HINCKLEY used record tablets of metal to important documents. Ethnologists

have gathered evidence which demthat onstrates the Incaruled long, natives inches thin to 1st century, cut 4th have they two holes B. C. Of the Aztecs of Mexico of Peru and their centers gold, which, through through approximately inches two wide

had a knowledge of the smelting of apparently, rings or rods were once by six inches long, it is engravedmetals that in cases and some together. they run to hold them Greek characters. The with The card sheets of metal. recordsengraved on description in the of description card case reads: reads:

records found have beenEngraved in the Sinmanuscript "A Pali tablet of with dedication "Gold relics the of Northeven among character, containing halese to Osiris Eurerthe Temple by Ptolemy Indians.American

Sutta, Dhammachakkappacattana yet, in getes—l,.and Berenice, B. C. 242this evithe face of And first Buddha's sermon preached at 222.dence, there are a great peomany Benares, the and Chulakammavibple who cannot see as reasonable the hanga Sutta. Beautifully engraved "Discovered under foundation

assertion made by Joseph Smith that on 25 leaves of silver. Early 19th stone of a temple at Canopus, Egypt,

the records from which the Book of century."in 1818 and presented by Mahomet

Mormon was translated were enBut perhaps even more interesting Ali to Sir Sidney Smith."

graved on gold tablets. for those who refuse to believe the

But a visit to the British Museum story of the Book of Mormon plates A Pali manuscript in the Sinin London should shake the incredulis a piece to be seen in the Jewelry halese character showing two ity of these people. Room of the Museum. It is in a ofver twentyfivewhich containleaves Buddha'sof silIn this great archive of the British case containing Late Greek Jewelry, first sermon preached at Benares.

Commonwealth, among specimens gathered from the breadth of the earth, is a collection of oriental books and manuscripts. In case C

of this collection is a particularly fascinating group of old records.

Small, thin slabs of polished wood, their edges slightly warped with age, are artistically painted with strange looking language characters. Glistening ivory sheets bear finely tooled

writings. Among the lot is a thin

gold plate engraved on both sides.

But of special interest is a set of twentyfive silver plates. Approximately two inches wide by eighteen Used by Permission British Museum.

PRIZES AWARDED FOR THE BEST OF THE

YEAR'S POETRY The judges of the poetry this year: Dr. Parley A. Christensen, Brigham Young University;

Dr. Sherman Brown Neff, University of Utah; and Dr. N. A. Pedersen, Utah State Agricultural

College, selected these four poems as being the best printed in "The Improvement Era"for the year 1935. In previous contests three poems have been chosen. This year, however, two poems

received exactly the same number of points for the third place and therefore duplicate awards are being given. The first place honors go to Miss Rosannah Cannon, who received two first

places by the three judges; second place goes to Mrs. Alberta Huish Christensen, who likewise

received second place from two of the judges; third place honors are divided between James

Owen Tryon and Edgar Daniel Kramer.

"The Improvement Era"takes great pleasure in sending a check of $10.00 to Miss Cannon,

one of $5.00 to Mrs. Christensen, and a check of $3.00 each to Edgar Daniel Kramer and James

Owen Tryon.

(First Prize Winner) (Second Prize Winner)

The Lonely Year Request By ROSANNAH CANNON By ALBERTA HUISH CHRISTENSEN

H, NOT the bright harvest of the fields for me! T pray you do not stay too long, Sweet Spring, o Rather the chill line of shore, the grey sea; Lest I forget that winter come at all,

Not fluttering butterflies, pinks, nor goldenglow, I am asleep to all earth whisperings

But the desperate bleakness of trees, bare to the When petals fall.

snow.

Mute half the singing of your throat, Sweet

Never before this year knew I the pain Spring,

Of restless April, crying down each lane; Lest my frail ear so brimmed at hearing all

Nor guessed what torture lay outside my room The symphony, should miss when summer comes

In the sweet flush of apple trees in bloom. The linnet's call.

Now give me only winter's silent cold, For I would drain the honeysuckle cup, is terrible old. Fall's Beauty fruitladen lean one grows hedge on when And a day,

Spring is appetite for a of loves that died, leave weeping ghost But lest these—you no

Summer, a swordthrust in my naked side. Spring, haste away!

(Tied for Third Prize) (Tied for Third Prize)

Nothing is Lost Who Walks with Dreams; By JAMES OWEN TRYON By EDGAR DANIEL KRAMER

"VTothing is lost, so long as dreams rebuild T17ho walks with dreams is ever fey

The shattered walls and bastions of our lives. Within the eyes of other men

Nothing is lost, so long as hope revives, Too blind to see the fairies play,

With its recurrent springs, what frost has stilled, Where moonlight wanders through the glen.

This plot of earth which I call mine is filled. Their little wisdom heaps its mirth

With powers prophetic, with a strength which Upon the lad who walks with dreams, strives Because he hears God in the earth

In quiet ways to break its icy gyves And understands the tumbling streams.

And disprove winter's boast that it has killed.

They sneer because he scorns their dross

To talk with flowers, birds, and trees;

So lest I grant that this poor strip of ground They give the hemlock and the cross

Which greens and quickens to a voice unheard To Jesus and to Socrates.

Has more of immortality than I, yet, far he has journeyed when And

fc t"YIntoInto Vtthethe realmsrealmsi "-ibeyondbeyond '77rthethey dawn,dawn,j I,snailshall notnot taketake. misfortunemisfortune, atat, itsits wordword,1Or let my soul to poverty be bound. Lo, he becomes a guiding star

Have we not both the rooftree of the sky? To lead them whither he has gone.

.,

A SMART FOX HOW

LOST HIS FREEDOM

NE cold November evening the crimson inoAlaska, sun By HENRY IANNONE over the dotted spruceswung low northern hills. With the chill of the

coming night the tiny streams of fallingwater the mountains down his than usual, this year Kiyee and mate had Ear Crop stillnessfroze into the as for crevice the of all occupied several sun droplodges—thickerfor hadn't the Great Mother den

ped over the jagged horizon. The the wilderness people whispered years because the surrounding

tops of the snowcapped hills glowed serious words of advice to all of her woods offered excellent hunting and crimson, then darkness fell with the children? Hadn't she cautioned the their clever wits never failed to

numbing cold of the Arctic. ducks and geese to leave the lakes supply them with sufficient small

High in the sky the Aurora and ponds earlier this year than ever game to keep them sleek and fat.

Borealis flashed intermittently over before? Hadn't she given to the That they were sleek and fat was

the tall peaks and brooding forest. lumbering bear an earlier drowsiwell attested by the fact that the

The deep base hunger cries of huntness, and wasn't the fur of the silly fore part of the den was littered by ing wolves echoed from hill to valarctic rabbit fluffier, and didn't he a vast accumulation of small bones ley. From the depths of the tangled have much larger feet than last and feathers. The two foxes were

forest came the terrifying hoot of a winter? Truly Old Mother Nature clever because they had withstood

great horned owl gliding down a was kind to the creatures of the the many attempts and methods of frosted glen. This was the hunting wilds, for she had prepared each one trappers to catch them with different

season, the season of terror. The of them for the kind of life that he types of snares and traps.

more timid of the woods creatures would have to live. Another trapping season would

shivered with fear and snuggled Beneath a timbered ledge on a soon begin and Kiyee and Crop Ear deeper in their warm nests. To eat hill near the lake, Kiyee, the silver knew that in the deep snow the

or be eaten is the first law of life in fox, and Crop Ear, the cross fox, menace of those cruel clawlike the wilderness. had their den. It was in a deep things was greatly increased. Kiyee

In the marshes along the shores of crevice that ran back into the ledge knew that traps could cause much the silver Chilkat Lake industrious for a considerable distance. The suffering and pain from personal exmuskrats had already put the last opening was just large enough to perience because in his younger days

piles of mud on their thick winter admit the bodies of the two foxes. he had disregarded his mother's.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 193 6

careful warnings and had carelessly Tom, maybe dat sleek fellar been wide meadow fringed with alder and stepped into a trap. He had freed caught een trap before. You teenk willow bushes. Rabbit trails ran

himself with the loss of a toe, but so?"everywhere and Kiyee, hunting back

when it became extremely cold he "He probably has. When I trailed and forth about fifty feet from Crop

was painfully reminded of the inhim last winter it appeared to me Ear, pounced upon a squealing hare.

cident by the agony in his right front that one of his toes was missing from Sharing the kill the two foxes filled foot. He knew also how traps his front foot."their empty stomachs.

smelled and whenever he caught the "Ah! Let's go to bed. It's getAs the region they were now in

hated scent he always backtracked ting late,"concluded Tom. offered better hunting, they stayed

and made a wide detour around the in the vicinity several weeks, hunting dreaded spot. Furthermore Kiyee /\s the season advanced whenever they were hungry and

had taught Crop Ear all he knew the snow became deeper and the air sharing all they killed. One early

about such cruel implements of torgrew colder. Then the woods creamorning Kiyee and Crop Ear, zigture. With the coming of the hunger tures awoke one morning to find that zagging back and forth on a rabbit

season they would have to be more the lake was a solid sheet of glistrail, came upon the snowshoe path cautious in their hunting activities. tening ice. With this change in made by the two trappers in going

temperature, Kiyee and Crop Ear to and from their rabbit jerk snares.

In a patch of scrub spruce were forced to forage farther and Several more inches of snow had on the opposite shore of the lake farther from their snug den. Arctic fallen since the two men had passed,

nestled a tiny log cabin, mossrabbits with their large snowshoe so the foxes could not detect the chinked, snug and welcome in the hind feet could easily elude the two dreadful manscent. Rabbit trails

great immensity of the wilderness. foxes in the tangles of alder and crossed and recrossed the main trail

Sitting close to a Yukon stove abwillow bushes in the meadows along and in places followed it for a short sorbing its grateful warmth Jean Le the shores of the lake. Nature in distance. It seemed to Kiyee's delBlondeau, a huge FrenchCanadian, her desire to be fair to all the creaicate nose that the tracks which ran

and Tom Birden, a squat redbeard- tures of the wild had provided rabin the main trail were not as fresh as ed Irishman, discussed the prospects bits with large snowshoe hind feet the tracks that crossed the trail.

of the winter's trapping. that could skip lightly over the Hunting their zigzag courses

"I theenk we catch dat sleek fox snow, while the heavier foxes with near this path one early morning, dese weenter, Tom."their trim little feet would break Crop Ear flushed a large Arctic hare

"Maybe so, Jean."through the crust and make much from beneath a small alder bush.

"He fool us two weenters now. noise in their efforts to capture this The fact that Crop Ear was surHe weel not fool us no more times."game. So much noise did the two prised at the size of the gangling-

"We'll straighten up our junk in foxes make that even the snowlegged fellow prevented her from the cabin, Jean. Them snowshoes white Ptarmigan whirred up from catching him at the outset. The

have got to be fixed. It will be their cold beds like silver bomb hare not seeing Kiyee veered in his

quite a few days before we can start shells at their approach. Hunting direction. Kiyee rushed at the exsetting traps. When the fur gets food in the deep snow was tiring cited rabbit, but the rabbit being a

primer, we can start after the slipwork and the foxes became hungrier powerful fellow dodged and started pery old boy."and gaunter with the passing of the down the snowshoe path closely

"We boil dese fox trap een fox short winter days. pursued by both Kiyee and Crop

scent for long time. Then we fool One day Kiyee and Crop Ear Ear. The large hare, feeling the

hem."foraged farther around the lake than hard packed snow of the trail be-

"That fox is a pretty smart feller, usual and chance brought them upon neath his feet, spurted ahead and

Jean. He has lived just long enough the welldefined trail of the two was leaving the foxes far behind.

to get wise to the ways of the world. trappers. Though the clever pair Suddenly they saw the rabbit leap

Chookee Gus told me that he had hated the sour manscent with all straight into the air. Nonplussed

seen a black silver fox in these parts the hate and fear in their tiny hearts, they ran a short distance and then five years ago."the pangs of hunger forced them to (Continued on page 187)

trail halfbreed possibility that cross "Bawh! in the see weeth Dat the

struggling. in his wild paused He eyes.crooked find better but they might hunting know nothing He pitifully for whined Crop Bar. He

keeck an'beat hees squaw. Say, grounds. Soon they came upon a She was nowhere to be seen.

mrrtirr*

REMBRANDT

VAN RUN By WINIFRED HEATH

Many of us have enjoyed the masterly paintings by Rembrandt, and a few of us have inquired a bit into his history, but mlss heath, of california, has presented such a pleasing brief picture of this great genius that we are passing it on to our readers.

Rembrandt—the Artist

Courtesy the Metropolitan Museum of Art.

In painting or etching his many and had been rewarded therefor by

Biblical scenes and characters, Remthe gift of a university. It is also

brandt made them real by using worth noting that they had been everyday folk. William von Bode, given a choice between the removal

Rembrandt was one of the most noted German art critic (1845of taxes and the erection of a seat original and forceful painters 1929) and foremost authority on of learning—and by common conwho ever lived, excelling in Dutch and Flemish painting, says sent had chosen the latter.

color, characterization and chiin his splendid work, "Great MasRembrandt's first model, and a aroscuro, or the delicate and difters of Dutch and Flemish Paintvery patient one, was his little sister ficult art of distributing light and ing:"Lijsbeth, a willing and interested

shade. The luminous shining forth Rembrandt is the first, perhaps the only sitter, no doubt marveling at the refrom the shadows which gives an alpainter, who has interpreted the Bible in markable things her big brother

spirit his paintings Bible. In the of the pencil or brush. with His his could do to of beautymost ethereal some

disciples, of the Christ his came and who miller, father, a prosperous artist wantedpictures the himof is symbolic the in to people turn poorest world, the self who, in his darkest hours, and work among and for them. The simple to make a learned man of him or a

wrought some of his finest work. truth of his representations, the honesty and first class miller. They sent him to

feeling, as clear his of speak and results but the school were disapas high standing Rembrandt's one depth the of language as eloquent the words a in still persisted for pointing, heof of art, the great masters is due Gospel.

not only to his marvelous ability drawing and painting. If his master

with brush and pigment, but the In the many pictures that Remscolded, instead of listening with originality of his mind, and the brandt painted of his beloved mother hanging head, Rembrandt drew a power of his imagination. He had there is always a Bible in her hands, mental picture of the angry man,

a deep sympathy with an insight and from this great book he drew the lift of one eyebrow, the quirk to into human nature, was poet as well consolation and inspiration after she his upper lip, the spark in his eye.

as painter, an idealist and a realist, had gone on. In drawing, painting, One day he came very late to

a most rare combination. In his and etching he has pictured the class, and upon being asked the

treatment of light and shade he reBiblical scene, for besides being a reason why, calmly explained that mains still supreme, and from his master of painting he was a conhe had been drawing his mother's dramatic action and mastery of exsummate etcher. One of his finest picture and had paid no attention to

pression he has been called "the etchings is "The Good Samaritan,"the time. This particular teacher

Shakespeare of Holland."and another "The Three Trees"in took some interest in his odd pupil

Rembrandt, in his early days, which he shows a marvelous gift and told him to go home and get loved to paint the people of his own for portraying nature. An etching the picture. When he saw the rehe decided thathome town, Leyden—the beggars of his mother is done so simply, so markable drawing

and cripples, every picturesque face beautifully, that it goes home to our here was a genius who would one and form that he could find. Life, hearts. In Rembrandt's genius there day make his home city of Leyden

character, and, above all, light were is something of that light which famous.

the aims of his early studies. In never was on sea or land—a spiritWe can well imagine the happilater years when he lived in Amsterradiance untranslatable in words. ness of the boy, Rembrandt, when

dam, he painted the portraits of Rembrandt Harmensz Van Rijn he found someone who took him many old people such as he saw in was born at Leyden in 1607. This and his ambitions seriously. His

the Jewish quarter where he lived. ancient Dutch city was a fitting place good father listened when the enParticularly did he love to paint the for the birth of so valiant a soul. thusiastic teacher told him that his

old men and women whose years Its heroic burghers had saved their son had something more than mere had brought them deep wrinkles and city from the invading Spanish talent and should be given all en- a large kindliness of heart. forces after a long and terrible siege, couragement possible. There hap158

MASTER OF LIGHT AND SHADE

pened to be another artist in the family, although not a very good one, and with him Rembrandt studied three years. Then he went to AmPortrait of an Old Woman

sterdam and studied under an able Courtesy the Metropolitan painter named Lastman who started Museum of Art.

Rembrandt on the road which he was to follow.

After a while Amsterdam woke up to the presence of this fine artist in their midst and he was suddenly besieged with orders for portraits and pupils who came from far and wide. His first great work was "The a gallant young man very much in consideration to Rembrandt's great

Lesson in Anatomy"a very remarklove, but old and scarred with the picture as a work of art. What

able picture for a young man of 25. battle of life. they wanted was a portrait group

In Amsterdam, Rembrandt heand it seems a pity that there were came the friend of Hendrick Van 'T'hrough the years he grew in no cameras to be had in those days

Uylenborch who had a picture store. depth and power of expression, which would have completely satisAs the young man wandered around attaining to a most marvelous unfied their ambition.

among the prints and books he derstanding of the pigments with One year after the painting of caught sight of a pretty, auburnwhich he worked. During the hapthe "Sortie"of the Banning Comhaired girl. She was the picturepy years of his married life his picpany, Saskia died, taking with her

dealer's cousin, Saskia, and came of a tures became warmer, richer than the sunlight she had brought into

Very good Frisian family, having the they had ever been, the light and her husband's life. Much of her

fair hair and rosy cheeks for which shade effects amazing. There is a dowry had been dissipated in the

the women of Friesland are noted. touch of makebelieve in them, and collection of various treasures, inRembrandt asked the privilege of Saskia and he seem to be on parade, cluding fine pictures by the Italian

painting her portrait, which was decked in the most gorgeous and masters. Rembrandt had refused to

granted, the result being that the fancy raiment, sparkling with jewels. go abroad to study, saying that he

artist and his pleasant model fell in His most noteworthy picture at wished to be himself, not the copy love with each other. They were this period was the socalled "Night of any other. But he admired to the

married in 1634 when Rembrandt Watch."It is in reality a daylight full the great painters of Italy and

was 27 and Saskia just twenty years picture, as was discovered after exbought many of their canvases so old. She brought her husband a traneous shadows of long accumuthat he might study and learn from

rich dower and he spent a large lated dust had been removed from them.

part of it on their fine home and the surface. This startling canvas Left a widower at 38 with one

in collecting all manner of treasures. with its light, color, and shadowy sickly child, Titus, whose picture he

He gathered up many gorgeous background was in reality a picture has given us, Rembrandt's affairs oriental costumes, old weapons, of Captain Banning Cock's Militia went from bad to worse. In 1656

priceless gems, ropes of pearl, and Company. With a somewhat prohe was forced to sell all his poswith these he dressed up Saskia and saic subject Rembrandt wrought sessions, even his home, and many

himself, and made their portraits, marvels. As Fromentin, the great of his own paintings, and for a

sometimes alone, sometimes toFrench critic says "Light is the prinpitiful sum. He went to live in a

gether. They are joyous pictures cipal personage of the picture."mean little hostelry in the poorest

when the two young people were This masterpiece marked the bepart of Amsterdam. Here in this

almost unbelievably happy. Probginning of Rembrandt's troubles and Dutch Ghetto, alone, out of favor,

ably no artist has painted so many loss of popularity. The picture had poor, and unhappy he wrought

pictures of himself as Rembrandt, been commissioned as a portrait some of his finest work. With symin all kinds of poses, with all mangroup of the Company who had all pathetic eyes he studied those humner of expressions, and was often expected to be completely visible. ble, hardworking folk with whom

seen by peeping pupils parading beWhen they discovered that most of his lot had been so unexpectedly fore the glass, gesticulating, frownthem were in shadow or completely cast. One of the finest and most

ing, smiling, watching the various out of sight, there was an uproar. haunting pictures of this period is

effects of all the emotions. Nor was Those who were brilliantly in sight called simply "The Portrait of an

this personal vanity, but a very inwere delighted, those who were not Old Man."From out a sombre

tensive course in the study of human refused to pay their part of the exbackground there looks a lined and nature. He continued to make his pense. None of these worthy gentender countenance, whose strong

own picture when he was no longer tlemen seemed to have given any {Concluded on page 180) (bddoriat high towers, drawbridges, and strong locks, but cJhe [Power vi/ttntn IIIan when the people so decreed, it fell and the prisoners went free. Neither Congress nor Wall Street can

HThe youth of today are inclined to look helpbe wholly charged with our disaster, or cure our lessly into the future. The old paths to success condition. Only the people, each one of us, can

seem closed. Losses and suffering have overconquer the troubles that surround us.

whelmed millions of innocent people. This is a Such corrective changes are spiritual in their

day of confusion. The house of civilization is nature, for "Out of the heart are the issues of

shaken and twisted as by an earthquake of unlife."This may be a new day, but the laws of life

known cause and condition. Fear has crept into are unchanging.

the hearts of men. If youth will become law abiding, through and

Serious as present conditions are, youth must rethrough, their coming day will be the greatest ever main hopeful. Courage and youth should be insepknown.

arable. Fear is the father of weakness; courage the "Men should be anxiously engaged in a good

mother of strength. The future is not wholly dark. cause, and do many things of their own free will,

War, persecution, social upheaval and economic and bring to pass much righteousness; for the

depression sweep the earth, as tempests and blizpower is in them, wherein they are agents unto zards rage unbidden upon the land, but they do themselves. And inasmuch as men do good they

not last forever. They have value in that they shall in nowise lose their reward."

teach the need of preparedness against future Youth, moving into the waiting future, must use disasters. The broken law, the real cause, must "the power within them."Then all will in time

be sought out and obeyed. Then prosperity is be well, and our present trouble become transmuted

to return. compelled into A. W, joy.—/. laws operate in the lightning of the Immutable

skies; fixed laws underlie the changing affairs of

men. Prosperity or depression, success or failure, (cJn loeing {Different

is usually the fruit of man's actions. Man's right

as a free agent does not transcend law, otherwise A thoughtful estimate of a gentleman has been chaos would rule and reign. Freedom is the child accredited to the Seventeenth Century Dutch

of obedience to law, while bondage is born of surgeon, Jan Van Loon, contemporary and confidant opposition to law. If youth will earnestly search of Rembrandt, in which he applies this much sought

out law and as resolutely obey it, prosperity will after designation to one who has been taught to go return and plead for acceptance. through life with a "minimum of social friction"

Perhaps the way out is simpler and clearer than without sacrificing "his own principles, or dignity."

is commonly assumed. Look back over the immeThere is much to recommend this brief estimate

diate past! Was there lust for money and power of character and conduct. The matter of avoiding

and fame, at the cost of simple honesty and justice "social friction"is one thing, but the matter of to the poor and unfortunate? Was strength of avoiding it without any sacrifice of one's own

body and mind surrendered to the satisfaction of principles may be something very different. Perunnatural appetites? Were industry and toil exhaps "avoiding social friction"is used more often as

changed for ease and luxury? Were the virtue of justification for major and minor departures from

woman and the honor of man forgotten? Was principle than any other excuse. People generally,

ethics placed above religion? Was time wasted young people in particular, too often seem to have

and power frittered away? Answers to these and a phobia against "being different"-—even against

similar questions might explain our present dilembeing righteously and admirably different—when it

ma and suggest the way out. comes to matters of social conduct and popular

The United States made a noble attempt to practice.

control the liquor evil, an evil injurious to the Among good and well meaning, but sometimes body, wasteful of money and offensive in the sight thoughtless young men, "being a good sport"or, of God. The law was not obeyed, or given time "staying with the crowd"are often given as perto prove its worth. How much of the present defectly plausible and satisfactory excuses for doing

pression may be charged to the subtle corrosion of things that are contrary to their training, contrary the national soul resulting from that one national to their belief and contrary to their inclinations disobedience? How sadly do we need, today, for and desires.

saner purposes, the billions now spent by the naAmong wholesome and charming, but somewhat tion for tea and coffee, liquor and tobacco, useless shortsighted young ladies, "following fashion"or in human economy? "being broadminded and modern"are frequently

The responsibility for recovery rests upon the advanced as being ample justification for doing masses of men, upon each one of us. The few in things that are not at all in keeping with their home

official position, though of tremendous importance, background, with their ideals or with their own can never and should never relieve the many of appraisement of social propriety.

their obligations. No law is effective against the We owe it to ourselves to ask some pertinent

will of the people. The Bastille had thick walls, questions and arrive at some definite conclusions.

And one conclusion that may well be stated before volved, simply means that a defeat has been sufany questions are asked, is this:—If we can mainfered. Victory, in matters of fundamental truth,

tain our principles and ideals without "being differdoes not come by sacrificing truth for temporary ent,"well and gpod; but if we cannot, the only convenience. Such compromise is responsible for

thing in reason's name left for us to do is to be most of the error in the world, if not all of it, bedifferent! cause temporary compromise too often leads to

The kind of popularity that depends for its permanent departure from the intended course.

existence upon the sacrificing of principles and It becomes apparent, therefore, that the old ideals never was and never will be worth the price and oftrepeated proposition holds true in matters that anyone ever paid for it. In the first place that of social conduct and personal habit as it does with

kind of popularity does not endure. No one who all fundamentals, namely—either the thing is right

sacrifices his own convictions for the superficial or it is wrong. If it is wrong, the individual has

good opinion of others can ever hope to enjoy the nothing of value to gain by yielding to it. If it

society—neitherpermanent respectthe andsocietyesteemhe hasof anysacrificedgroup noror ismarkright,of itsdistinctionmaintenanceand ais demonstrationa social achievement,of sounda

the company he has adopted by so doing. moral character.

Whenever the matter of sacrificing principle to No matter how we choose to work out this ever avoid temporary embarrassment presents itself the recurring problem for ourselves, and no matter question always arises: With whom do we want what difficult situation may confront us, it is true

to be popular? By whom do we want to be acand gratifying to know that no member of the

cepted? Popularity among people with whom we Church ever had cause to be ashamed or embarmust exchange principles and ideals for social acrassed when he was upholding with dignity and

ceptance, is certainly not the kind of popularity quiet sincerity the teachings of the Church and the that is or ever was worth seeking after. Much ideals and principles of its membership. No memrather had we seek after acceptance among those ber of the Church ever had cause to be anything

people to whom the maintenance of a worthy ideal but mightily proud under such circumstances.

is a recommendation of the highest order. Embarrassment comes with deserting an ideal

Another pertinent question comes to mind: or apologizing for it, but never with remaining true

it. If there is ever cause for embarrassment beWhy be afraid of "being different?"The young to

socialite will go to great lengths to find a "different"cause of the teachings of the Church it is embarcreation in wearing apparel, and considers it somerassment suffered by those who have not sustained thing of a social triumph if she manages to do so. them, either inwardly or outwardly, and not by

Surely "being different"by gracious and tolerant those who have.

refusal to follow the crowd beyond the point perThe most enviable social grace, the most admitted by one's own convictions is no less a social mirable poise, the most lovable ease of manner and triumph! the most engaging attractiveness belong to those

So long as we live in a world which does not who with sincere dignity and tolerant conviction accept a single law of conduct, a single standard are true to their ideals on all occasions. R. L. E.

of ethics, or a single code of morals, we shall have this long mingle to face. problem So as we socially {Dreams or Vagaries schools in business communities ourand and in and

with people whose views and standards of living ]T\reams reveal the heights to which we may are not identical with ours, we shall be confronted climb; vagaries show the abysses at our feet.

with a choice between being discreetly different or The dream reveals interests which may become sacrificing our own standards and beliefs. lifelines of interest attached to goals which connect

There are perhaps at least two ways to meet this the whole of life, giving purpose to it. The

situation. One is to recede "into our own shell"vagary or idle dream lets the lines sag because

and avoid social contacts with all whose views and there is no goal to which it fastens itself.

standards differ from our own, thereby becoming Everything worthwhile has been first preceded cloistered away in our own smugness and defeating by the dream of what could be. Long before

our own purposes by hiding from others what we Fulton used steam to propel his boat, the Arabs have every reason to believe is a perfected and in their story of Aladdin's lamp had the construcworkable plan of life. It is doubtful if this solution tive dream of what steam could do. Long before

should be generally recommended. the Wright brothers modeled their airplane, the

Another possible procedure is to continue nordream of flight existed among the Greeks in their mal social and business and professional contacts myth of the flight of Icarus.

with a determination to be discreetly and graciously Idle daydreaming brings disaster in its wake.

"different"whenever the sacrifice of an ideal or It dissipates the faculties of those who indulge.

principle is involved. In other words, we must They fritter away the talents which lie within them.

learn to look upon the maintenance of our own Others who dream aright attach themselves to a standards as a social achievement—as an opporgreat cause. They utilize their Godgiven qualities

tunity to distinguish ourselves for being "different"to better themselves and mankind.

in accordance with our own beliefs without giving Latterday Saints have the power to attach their offense or creating "friction."dreams to> the cause which Jesus of Nazareth set

There may be other ways out of the dilemma; forth when He walked the earth and following

but certainly the way of "compromise"is not to be His path they can reach the road which leads to considered. Compromise, where an ideal is ineternal perfection.—M. C. /.

IweLun

Yellowstone Stake by the General Board members and The same printing press on which

Horace A. Hess was appointed prescarried forward by teachers of the this epistle was struck off was the same

ident of the Yellowstone Stake on JanBrigham Young University. The Sunold hand press which was brought

uary 5th, 1936. His counselors are day School and the Primary also conacross the plains later and used in

Karl C. Klinger and E. Glen Cameron. ducted special work for their groups. publishing The Deseret News.

The state had its convention of social there included workers whichRichmond South Ward—many Lawyer and Religious Leader

Society. Relief the from workersBenson Stake Passes

smoothly, 5th, more work progressed The 1936, January On Sunday, at- "\17hen Judge Henry Hermann Rointerestingly, Bishand as J. more was betterMorris Godfrey was sustained

op of Richmond South Ward, Benson tended in the increased number (thirtylapp died on January 8, 1936, the

Stake. three) departments than ever before. Church lost a valuable member. Born

Undoubtedly as a result of this sucin Germany March 22, 1 860, he resided there until 1880 when he moved toSalt Lake City Eleventh Ward—cessful Leadership Week, the Church

Ensign Stake itself will benefit since there were repLiverpool, England. He lived there

four then years and to Salt came Lake states resentatives surrounding the from appointed Bishop Ebenezer A. Child City active he where in probecame attending as well as Canada. from some City,of the Eleventh Salt Lake Ward, moting the of the work of Church and ideas will leaders the carry These 5th, 1936.on January the state of Utah. presiserved as He their to they obtained back which own

dent of the Eastern States for Mission will result. better groups and workSalt City Whittier Lake Wardhalf, a year a published and a book StakeWells of Gospel Quotations in of use wide in of Brigham Young Stake, Letter Whittier Wells Ward, the The Church, serving and the was on Library Congressional President dedicatedChapel by was Auditing Church Committee time at the

Heber of his death. first as the

1936. is a J. Grant on Sunday, January 12, \\Jhat"v printinghas beendoneacceptedin Nebraska

letter printed at of Brigham Young Head of Index Bureau PassesBennion Ward—Cottonwood Stake is Quarters. government Winter The

President Heber J. Grant dedicated making a collection of first books print- r\N February 2, 1936, the Genealoginthe Bennion Chapel Ward, its at for Society great library in each state Cottoned the of Utah and ical

19, 1936. Stake, on Januarywood generally Church suffered loss Washington, Douglas C. D. Craw- a great

ford McMurtie, a Chicago printer who in the passing of Harry Hale RussellOgden Twelfth Ward—has been aiding the United States in who devised the index system which

Mr. Ogden Stake this collection, has found convincing has proved so valuable and indispensOn Sunday, January 19, 1936, Josevidence that this letter was printed able in keeping genealogical records.

eph E. Evans was appointed Bishop of and distributed by the Saints while they Under his tutelage, the work has prothe Ogden 12th Ward, Mt. Ogden sojourned in Winter Quarters prior to gressed until at the present time, there

Stake. their bringing the printing press to are over seven million names in the

Utah. index files.

Salt Lake City Harvard Ward—itself ingreat is of document The in was born He Cheyenne, WyoLiberty Stake terest as it the did while coming Morming, 27, January 1869. He received

Harvard Ward, Liberty Stake, was mons were in the very midst of their valuable training in record keeping in organized on Sunday, January 26, 1936, westward migration. It consists of his work as bank president, as secrewith Joseph Call Nelson as Bishop. eight pages in which Brigham Young tary, bookkeeper, clerk and recorder,

This ward was created out of Liberty urged the Latterday Saints to follow and abstractor. He was placed in

Ward, Liberty Stake. him and the other leaders in their jourcharge of the Temple Index Bureau in

ney "over the mountains"to Salt Lake 1921, a position which he held until

Leadership Week a Success valleysuitableandpapersuggestedfor printingif they thathad theyany his death.

"Cor the fifteenth consecutive year, take it with them. Book of Mormon Cantata

Leadership Week was held at the The letter bears the imprint, "Writto be Produced

Brigham Young University from Janten at Winter Quarters, Omaha Nauary 27 to 31. The purpose of this tion, west bank of the Missouri river, "\T7 King Driggs has written a canmeet is to promote more effective trainnear Council Bluffs, North America."vv * tata based on the Book of Moring and better teaching among LatterIt is dated December 23, 1847, and mon which is being produced by the

day Saints. The theme this year was signed in behalf of the Quorum of the Claremont Choral Club of Oakland,

one which attracted favorable comTwelve Apostles, Brigham Young, California, in May. The unusual apment: Promoting Spirituality Today. president; Willard Richards, clerk. peal lies in the fact that the conductor

and fifty of the sixty members of this collectors assert that the epistle In keeping with the theme many of Book are group nonMormons. to is priceless. present copies other authorities generalthe a few were Only

address the groups as well as to conare still extant, three of them in bound Professor Reader, the conductor, has duct special work in the various orvolumes in the Church Office Building aroused not only the interest but also ganizations. The M. I. A. held daily at Salt Lake City. An imprint of it, the enthusiasm of his group for the

sessions in BeeHive conducted by the which of course could not begin to hold production of this purely Mormon canmembers of the General Board. Spethe value of the original, sold in Livertata. The missionary value of this

cial department work was arranged pool, England, for $320.00. production can hardly be estimated.

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Elimination of Headlight Glare treatment, night and morning, makes a glass bulb where in a fluid containing attacks less frequent by a half or third. the food it needs, supplied by pumps,

f* ood news to night drivers is the new An extract of the pancreas from it steadily contracts and expands as -* optical material to eliminate headwhich insulin has been removed has though it were a part of a real live light glare announced by the Land brought seemingly permanent relief chicken. Each week a part of the flesh

Wheelwright Laboratories of Boston. from attacks in 85 per cent of the must be cut away, or else it would have

{Science, January 24, 1936.) Polaroid, cases. Dr. James C. Munch said it long ago become too large for its glass

the new material, will not only take had been tested on 500 patients. bulb. So far as biologists can tell it is

away light dazzle without darkening now no "older"than when it first went possible also into the laboratory,the but will make view it is "immortal"so Decline Real of Mental that No in pictures three dimensions longmotion as the pumps supply it with the Increasing Age Power With illusion simoptical fluid. the of depth necessaryhave

ilar to that of viewing a scene with HpHE popular idea that aged persons the naked eye. decline in mental ability with adLightest Solid

For use in automobiles all headlights vancing years was called "an unforsolid lightest material ever rpHE libel"tunate Irving Gorge, Dr. light vibrating by out polarized sendwould

or found A made on earth by man meeting the speaking of the before light vidirection.in Ordinary one

brates in all directions. All windshields American Association for the Adhas been produced at the Franklin Inwould be "crossed"so that they would vancement of Science. ( Science News stitute's Bartol Research Foundation

stop light vibrating in the same direcLetter, January 11, 1936.) laboratories at Swarthmore, PennsylIt vania. is lithium of atomic weight permitting but headlightstion as the to given 143 Tests unemployed lightest 6, the of kinds isotopes of two light through. to passordinary The adults, to ranging seventy twenty from of this lightest is metal. Iron about headlights driver'slight the from own that indicated the years apparent defifty-five times as heavy, helium and the striking scattered on bewould tests. differs different cline mental with inflate is to used airships only about polarization the destroying andground, greatest decline found with The was half little as heavy. a Only very speck objects to see ahead.permitting him deteriorinvolving those speed. Such as has yet there been produced, but

ation, more apparent than real, is due hope of eventually getting usableis

Fireproof Wood to a combination of dimming sight, amounts. (Science, January 17, 1936.)

slowing movements, dulled hearing, and

Research'YJkJooD,"terial,themaycommonestnow be fireproofedbuilding mato alla preoccupationtaken together.withIt islife'snot problems,a loss of Plant Hormone

but an power inability to work fire to losses a mental according reducehelp substances using discovered new Dy tasks. as fast with mental Fire ofreport National Board from the in last year, the Drs. P. Zim- W. 20,Underwriters. (Time, January and merman E. Hitchcock, A. were

1936.) The wood tested, processed Improvement of Memory by Sleep able to make roots grow on stems,

manufacturer, a Jersey wasby New leaves, flowers. parts even and of certain kinds memorizes person Tf a thoroughly saturated maple oakTed and Letter, (Science 11, January News

in tanks sleep with of pressure material to perfectly and goes uniformlyand 1936.) plant hormones The were

salts, hot, instead waitof reimmediately afterward, which, whenammonium injected or plants, rubbed into on the recall gases. several ing firesmotheringlease hours, more he will The wood the roots appearing three to six days

it, it easier, after ordinary relearn tooled asis of twentyas easily and almost later. this scientists these For work

passed. well four hours Dr. is no varnish takes have and H.wood, M. the were Associaawarded American

different in appearance. When exJohnson, American Llniversity psycholtion for the Advancement of Science

posed to intense heat for long periods ogist reported (Science, December 13, prize of $1,000.

it only charred deeply, but did not pro1935) that the differences in favor of duce appreciable flame or aid in comsleeping immediately varied between Surer Artificial Respiration bustion. twenty and thirty per cent, according

to the task and person. Other experi- A system of artificial respiration destudied that subjects ** ments showed who veloped Nielsen, Holger a byRelief For Angina Pectoris

better also able to to rewere recall and inspector, sports Danish forty gives that material learned they had efficiency, by per cent higher actual as learn by drug inhaled chloriformlike A if forgotten, partially they first rote and test, the generally than Schaeffer used attacks of routine treatment makes angina pectoris less frequent and reslept for eight hours and then worked method. The Nielsen method has

duces 'pain. The drug, trichlorethylene for sixteen hours, than if they divided been tested and adopted by the Danish

was reported to the meeting of the up their rest and work in any other Red Cross and other interested bodies.

American Association for the Advanceway during the twentyfour hour (Scientific American, January, 1936.)

ment of Science by Dr. John C. Krantz, period. Artificial respiration is to get breathJr., of the University of Maryland ing started again in an unconscious perSchool of Medicine, Baltimore. "Immortal"Heart son partly suffocated or drowned. In

(Science News Letter, January 18, this new method the rescuer kneels 1936.) A piece from the living heart of a astride the head of the patient, who is

Patients suffering from this disease f*'chicken has been kept growing for lying face down. The rescuer presses

which has increased six times in twenty twentyfour years by Dr. Alexis Carrel down on the shoulder blades and lifts

years get relief in a second from inin the Rockefeller Institute for Medical the patient's arms in upward movehalation when the attacks of excruciResearch, in New York City. (Literment to remove the patient's weight

ating heart pain occur. Crushing a ary Digest, January 25, 1936.) Twentyfrom his chest, to permit the lungs to

:small vial in a handkerchief as routine four years ago the piece was placed in expand more than in other systems.

Lorraine had ideas—extravagant ideas about men and

clothes and home and life until all this was changed by things that happened on one

LAZY MORNING By MARY HALE WOOLSEY

"Papa's reading it, on the porch.

I heard him go out and get it."

"Well, you can bring me the society pages, anyway, and the magazine section and rotogravure.

Pa doesn't read those—Becky, you

LORRAINE didn'tBeckyclosecamethe backdoor.andBecky!"closed the

door, but her round face was resentful. Lorraine pretended not to notice, and yawned daintily.

Slipping into a satin negligee, unbeams found their Lorraine got out of bed and wentway throughs the VirginiaCreeper over and adjusted the windowat the window and danced among shade to her exact liking. She sat

leafshadows on Lorraine's pillow. down at her dressingtable and

Lorraine's eyes opened wide and combed her hair, pushing the dark, she raised herself on one elbow with glossy waves into place with caresshealthy young interest in a new ing touches. She put on lipstick

day. Then, remembering, she lay generously, but with infinite care.

all the pillows she collected Next,down again, turning her back to the at the HAL OAKEY in them and piled the roomlight.

silkand- a of her bed, making head sister twelveyear-old The who Lorraine's this one. size of the own presently into she lacy setting which in the dressing theshared was room that she her told had sense common see luxuriously. could She snuggled door,corner nearest the obwith

parin creating one succeeded not across wallmirror in the long intent to outvious soon herself be and away for ticle aristocratic atmosphere, of reflecthe approved the room. She silently. Lorraine addressedand energy. all time and expense and her tion, dreamily. smiled and a toneher in meant to sound

drowsy The smile, however, gave place "Pull down the shade, Becky. I to a discontented frown as she let.Lorraine was a born

just have to sleep a little longer."her gaze wander about the room. aristocrat. Ward Brooks had dis-

"You're wide awake,"Becky acShe'd done everything she could to covered that, and reminded her of cused, while unwillingly obeying. try to make it beautiful, she told it many times. He was peculiarly

The shade slipped from her hand herself for perhaps the fiftieth time, sensitive that way, he'd confided and flew noisily upward, flapping but it was still the same dinky room and that's why she had appealed to around and around on the roller. in an unlovely old house. him!

"Clumsy!"Lorraine turned over, She'd hung draperies at the closet "A Spanish palace for you, Lorannoyed. "Can't you do anything door and above the head of the bed, raine,"he'd said, "with sunspatter-

right?"as well as at the windows, and dised terraces and tinkling fountains,

"Not so you'd say,"Becky reguised the front of her old square and terracotta walls shutting the torted. "Nobody does anything to dressingtable with ruffles of the world away from your garden. A

please you, any more. Papa says—"same materials; but the effect was languorous lady you are, dreaming

Becky closed her lips tight, rememone of overfussiness and crowding, beneath the olivetrees. You've sad

bering just in time an admonition not and Lorraine suspected that there caballeros singing and sighing beto repeat what Papa had said. She was far too much rosecolor in the neath your balcony, and all the Senstarted to drag a chair over to the room. oritas jealous of that shining hair

window to stand on. She'd got the idea for the draof yours, sweetheart, and those great

picture of dark eyes. You have divine eyes, "Never mind that—I'll fix the peries from a magazineshade myself. No use trying to Dolores de Vigne's boudoir—but Lorraine. And the loveliest charm

sleep any more now. Run and bring she should have guessed that in all the world—."

six times How Lorraine longed to wake upme the paper—that's a good girl."Dolores'room was about

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

some day and find herself in that Oakey's, young and vibrant and counted with them. The few dolpalatial Spanishcolonial house eager, greeted her: lars for which she drudged through

Ward had pictured for her. So little "Lorraine?—Say, how about some hours of uncongenial toil, a birdof-a girl could do—not having been tennis?. It's a grand morning!"paradise in an iron cage! Other

placed by fate in a really suitable "So sorry, Hal. I don't feel up girls could use their earnings as they

home and family! One little room to it this morning. I'm resting. I've pleased, but not Lorraine. Lorraine's

in which she could try to express had an awful week."father having been one of the faithher personality—when that person- "Oh."Hal's disappointment was ful but merely ordinary workers

ality demanded wroughtiron grilles unmistakably sincere. "Well, how most affected by unfavorable condiand sunny patios and spacious halls about a ride this afternoon? Or tions, she had to "help out"at home.

floors! tiled which."saywith she Otherwise have would been evening—you

there dated "But I'm all over in the But side up,"she living other of town,, was a poem that said something about "My own shall drawled sweetly, as if reluctant to in the swanky apartment where Dot come to me"—and at least Lorraine tell him so. Stevens and Marge Lamson hadcould endeavor to develop that ele- "Oh—but Lorraine, when can I taken a lease. Lorraine stayed there

gantly languorous manner which her see you again? It's been ages!"It nights when she had dates with

type of beauty demanded. She had been two weeks. Ward Brooks; a fat chance she'd,

could practice the graceful gestures Lorraine considered. "Well, let have of landing him if he ever should

and alluring glances with which she me see. I'm free Thursday evening."see this place she had for a home!

would some day queen it over "Thursday—but that's my night Dot and Marge had asked her toWard's friends and hers, and make at the station, and you darned well come in with them, and Lorraine

the society editors scramble to have know it."wanted to; but she hadn't been able

to make the break at home. Herher picture in their columns... "I'd forgotten—do."forgive me,"one of our most charming hostpalsie! It's too bad—mother's frightened eyes, wheneveresses"... "a glamorous beauty""Too bad—the devil!"Hal rethe subject arose, always held Lor-

... "noted for her brilliant entertorted bitterly. "Lorraine, I want to raine back.

taining."know when can I see you?""Stay with us until your father

That reminded her—Becky hadn t "O-o-h! Never, with your voice gets on steady again,"Ma would

like that."Lorraine giggled and beg. "After that, you can do

replaced the phone with a placid whatever you want."

smile at herself in that convenient It was worse after she started mirror. going out with Ward. She had tohave better clothes; she must, simply Poor Hal. A darling boy—but

no finesse whatever. And just out must, provide herself with a more

of college, with all the way to go. suitable background if she were to

Ward Brooks had arrived, years grasp her opportunity. She had to<

ago. Thirtyseven now, a brilliant make her money do more.

lawyer, wealthy, handsome, sophisThe family crabbed, because she ticated, fascinating. Who could couldn't humor them as she had done

consider Hal, when Ward was the before. They grudged her her good

alternative? Not that Ward had times. They didn't appreciate her

asked to her marry she prospects. him—but (Continued on page 184) that intended should, he one of these

present, the days. For Lorraine was

to content for WARD BROOKS herself grooming be the great moment; consciously and

purposefully developing that potential personality that had first drawn him to her. Languorous lady!

Becky came at last. She laid the

papers on the bedside table and hurried out of the room again, sayMA ing"Mamaover hersaidshoulderto tell you breakfast is almost ready."

brought the paper yet. "I suppose "I only want some fruit juice and

I'll have to go after it,"Lorraine some toast. You can bring them

sighed. up to me,"Lorraine said, having at

the last to raise her voice and speak

JLhe telephone rang faster, for Becky was scampering

Lorraine's private phone, which her down the stairs.

father had declared a "rank ex- "Oh, come and get it yourself,"travagance"when she'd had it incame her disgusted answer.

stalled at her bedside. She let it

ring a second time before answering, ITard, sighed Lorraine, then lifted the handpiece and cooed, to be an aristocrat in a plebeian "Yes?"family who didn't appreciate her.

Not Ward's deep voice, but Hal Only her money—that was all that

A "MORMON"READING ROOM INSIDE and OUT

By DONALD D. GLAD

Of the Northern States Mission

approximately two thousand young people of our Church in various parts of the world doing missionary work.""But why should you be here preaching the Gospel? Most people

in this country are Christians.

What makes you think that there

The ambassadors of the Church are constantly is any need of preaching to them?

trying to find new methods of approach to people Haven't they the Gospel?"

who ought to hear the gospel message. the north- "I shall let you answer that quesERN States Mission has been trying out a "Mormon tion for yourself,"replied Elder

Reading Room."Moss. "Do you realize how many

hundred organizations there are all claiming to be the Church of Christ?

had been in Chicago but a few Elder Moss advanced upon me. As Visit meetings of any ten different

days when a telegram came. It he looked down from his six footchurches and see what they preach.

four elevation at my fivefeet-seven Every one of them has some doc-I was from Elder Aaron Moss's inches of insignificance, he kindly trine different from the others.

brother. He was arriving in Chiinquired, "Is there any question you Every one of them is preaching a

the nextcago morning he asked and like shall should gospel, to ask? I glad different be ask with I wouldthat Elder permitted be Moss to to discuss that question, Paul the dianything 'Is Christ you have

inmeet him. was Elder Moss

is, if the in all mind."vided?'the Christian Hebooth could in Milwaukee. have He "Well,"the I said, "to begin with, churches earth upon reachedbeen are the telegram, but a by will is tell of Christ. just please Christ not Church But you what me

I to expecting there been had go is it If all this all divided! is the taught churches about, here and what

Iin a or so wanted anyway. week

all true for?"teach they Gospel wouldto get of acquainted with the work

is exactly the things, there "This the reading a of same and room

Ithe get as to booth assigned was of LatterChrist be one Church only of would Church."Jesus forideas displays and window

I'll I all Saints. well. that grant day "Very companion and My Ireadingroom got arrangements. are missionaries religious of the of that organizations Church. we As

It idea up. the wasn'tone on way

in you Christ, probably noticed cannot the have the of be Church windowfor displays, however. window

is I there will to a of story that but the leave exodus you?"where

itHere's in the Elders worked: how of Utah, asked. of the that things are and the doing some same "You never seen hadMilwaukee me to as the others. the happened teach Piomerely "Mormon"You didn't of coming.and know my in neers the early of variation a of the true western days Gospel."

I strolled the Plankington down "I development. Since the that then hoped say you would

is halls theArcade where booth it that,"veritable a rejoined "for "Mormons"have made Elder Moss,located. curiously at the I glanced paradise the of desert telling gives waste opportunity of an where me

I storevarious as walked, windows settled, they they restoration of the about the and a you send now findfor to."trying the I was "Moryearly quota of fact about a Gospel, the of thousand and that—it I display. find didmon"When

I like people young interposed, "but me,"and com- "Pardon me my past, nonchalantlyI sauntered

I into out panion the to that don't to world will think preach need you at theglanced then windows, and it. the I tell Gospel."a telegram about have mehesitantly for closer ex- a returned

I interrupted, "Pardon me,"I "but here believe brother. from your

amination. Very carefully I indo you mean to tell me that your that he wants to see you in Chicago

spected the three displays. I read church sends missionaries to the tomorrow morning, so perhaps we

all of the material that was printed Unitec'States?"had better postpone our conversain connection with them, and when "That is exactly what I mean,"tion until we have more time. You

I had finished I edged into the room. continued Elder Moss; "there are will have to leave immediately if

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936 you want to get to Chicago tocomplished in cultivating the westThe methods of attracting attennight."ern deserts. With pride, the Elders tion to the Gospel, too, are far

to point replica the the to of Salt superior generally Great some emreigned for (Consternation a moit is display as is on Lake which that Temple, obvious ployed one who asas Elder ably ment Moss, tell in the to of to one goes trying windows. from door door They

sisted Burgener by Elder had who to to the Saints talk to of the is at hardships get people a which him the conversation, during walked up to edifices their in rearing put disadvantage. display winwere The told the thought he of kind what me the divulge the of at the perthey Lord, a and knocks door dow of missionary would them hoax who it is curiosity son's to says, attached sacredness here which and "Now as done. I had

is fact. for interesting the of here Church. an members Come the subsided storm had When it to If care over. look and you visitor questions the them Often his Elder and way, on was Moss

it, just find out walk about more is to as carried the behind on what I to set the of myself a study booth inside Elders. They'll the ask and walls, to as temple nonMor- why out. in the and Located—inside to that question glad be answer any its to are not enter permitted monsbeautiful BuildPlankington Arcade have."you may of sanctuaries. principle the Then in of the ding heart Milwaukee's

business district this first "Mormon"salvation for the dead is explained, The three windows in ihe booth reading room is ideally situated. and the prophecy made by Malachi, are all designed to attract favor-

A striking picturization greets the that Elijah the Prophet would be able attention. The one with the

eye of the pedestrian who passes sent "to turn the hearts of the chilstory of the cricket war depicted through the Arcade halls. He dren to the fathers and the hearts in a very interesting fashion atglances at the usual array of dress, of the fathers to the children"is detracts many observers. They want

hat, shoe, and grocery advertiseclared to have been fulfilled. The to understand clearly just why

ments with an ennui born of long visitor leaves with literature for those "Mormons"were protected familiarity, and he hurries on his future reading in his hand, and a in that miraculous manner, and they way. But suddenly his gaze is feeling that he has really discovask many questions. The second

arrested by a surprisingly unusual ered something worthwhile, in his window has a model of the Salt window display. Standing amid heart. Lake Temple in it. Various quonewly bound shocks of grain, in the tations from scriptures such as

are shall they which is do eating, attitude of if the the dead a group of D'hiringwaukeetheI learnedtime I thatwas therein Milare baptized"Else whatfor dead interestseagulls. is immediately His

aroused. He stops to examine the many interested people met in the rise not at all,"and similar texts

display. He reads the caption: "A reading room who could not ordiprinted on placards which are

Modern Miracle. In 1848 the narily be found by other missionary placed near the temple replica

Mormon Settlers in Utah were methods. This is true from the very create curiosity in regard to the

Saved by Flocks of These Birds."nature of the thing. No missionary subject of vicarious baptism. In

"Strange,"he thinks, "how is that who has been tracting but has found the third window is a reproduction possible? Imagine those pioneers many people disinterested and inhosof the sculptured work from the

being saved by such insignificant pitable. By a great amount of perChicago Century of Progress. This

things as seagulls."suasion an Elder can usually get splendid group of figures, with its

He goes closer and reads the twentyfive or twentysix people out emphasis upon a nobler life and story of the settlement of Utah. It of every thirty he meets to accept eternal progress, compels attention

tells him of the devastating hordes his literature. Four or five of the and exerts an edifying influence

of insects which swept into the thirty will take a little time off to upon those who study it.

talk of him, possibly ten with and just settled valleynewly Salt Lake that It from observed been has literthe twentyfive take the who first "was of plantingas the wheat to and hundred two hundred two it. ature will read to maturity.coming reads how He the of in fifty front stop people

that the reading room never Notthe settlers, death faced with by the every day and read windows has days. have any bad Therestarvation, frantically strove to stem there. comparmaterial Although

times or only been one two tide inthe of when crickets destructive the inside, yet these of atively come few all in people day, on have but come crops; the preciousmarch upon a stops received has everyone who the there other been have hand after expedient everyhow, had will suscepmore be message and times as peoas highfailed twenty when the resigned people and had truth the tible accepting to when

in. ple a general stopped have fate, their to Asthemselves grim a

it is presented. next rule for stop nine or a ten moflock few gullsgigantic of appeared from

the Great Salt Lake, and gorging ments to chat with the Elders about While it would seem that the themselves upon the black scourge the Gospel principles. The desirresponsibilities of the work in the

carried the pests away. able feature of this work, of course, booth would be so exacting as to

"Truly,"thinks the reader, "that is that none but those who are acprohibit outside activities, this is not was a wonderful miracle."So he tually interested in investigating the the case. The Elders in the booth

steps inside and begins to question Gospel ever take the Elders'time. do almost as much tracting as regthe Elders there. Seated in a comLess literature is wasted upon peoular missionaries, for only one Elder

fortable chair the visitor listens to ple who will not read it, and very is needed to take care of the people tales of the early history of the little unpleasantness is ever experiwho come into the room. The other

Church. The Elders talk of the enced. In the booth the Elders is free to carry on the regular work.

persecutions which the Saints sufmeet people on friendly ground, and As a result there are a great many fered, of the privations they enrather than having a feeling of bemore people met and the Gospel is dured in crossing the plains, and of ing imposed upon, the visitors feel being preached effectively through the wonderful work which they acthat they are indebted to the Elders. this "Mormon"Reading Room.

"P very Saturday Night (20th CenMounties,"in full chorus, as Nelson: A story built around Eddy leads the mounted men down a PRIZE WINNING LETTERS *"** turyFox)

the small triumphs, tragedies, and interwinding trail. The spectacular Indian

Peterson, Box Rose"—Leora relationships of presented an average family is dramatically Corn Dance Wild

wins Holbrook, Arizona, 337, father, mother, grandmother, Indians in and five full war by several hundred

Place. First It dress. children. bubbles with growing

written letters were Although in thrusts the Director: at S. its witty comedy Dyke. From Van W. plays, Miss nine different about

the operetta foibles of the parents bumptiousOtto and Harbach and by on "Mutiny letter about Peterson's the Bounty"was adjudged best. ness of youth and has, too, its more Oscar Hammerstein II. Music By

Both "Naughty Marietta"and "Daserious moments in which an automoRudolph Friml and Hubert Stothart.

vid Copperfield"were more popular bile accident brings things to something Cast: Jeanette MacDonald, Nelson

with the letter writers than "Mutiny of a climax. A perfect family picture. Eddy, James Stewart, Robert Greig,

on the Bounty."Miss Peterson Director: James Tinling. Cast: Lucien Littlefield, George Regas, Una

seemed to give the most conclusive Spring Byington, Jed Prouty, June O'Connor.

choice. her reasons for (London Roberts, Goes Lang, Ghost Florence Kenneth The West might course, judge, of Another

: Films) Alexander Produced by Howell. a for decision, the changed have

satire levelled shafts of Korda. Merry very letters were Beuren Fang (Van great and Claw of the many

good. Corp.-R. K. O. ): Frank Buck's capat our American peccadillos combine "Miss Lou Jeanne Roger"—Le ture of living pythons, tigers, crocodile, with a rollicking ghost story to proJuene Whitney, 560 So. Main St., with an extraordinary mingling of vide a full measure of chuckles in this

letter about a with Springville, It is all picture. rovery gay, very clever daredevil devices advenand second; Marietta,"won "Naughty its glittering, witty mantic and with is tures occasional with touched humor Black, J. "Dixies Dixon"—Mildred Its thrusts adroitly commaneuvered. appear. bear or honey monkeys when Copper- "David writing of Monticello, is captivating infectious. edy and Family. Clarke"Retta third; "La field,"won lavish in direction, Rarely imaginative 201, Director narrator: Buck. and Olson, Frank Box Eleanor—Miss

real in in production witty and J"The writing of Wyoming, Cavaliere Nicholas Photographed line—a Lyman, by

Barretts of Wimpole Street,"won and Harry E. Squire. treat. Adults and young people.

mention not this in Distributed did country she United although by fourth, Rose Marie (MettoGoldwyn-Mayfavorites. it her five Artists. among

: for er) exquisite the operatic Except all was entrants verdict of The Clair. Directed Cast: by Rene Robthe death sequences scene of from in "The "Screenings"that unanimous ert Pallette, Donat, Ralph Eugene

closing Juliet"the and helpful and and "Romeo was Era"Improvement Bunker, Lanchester. Parker, Elsa Jean

aria entire the oper- M. Tosca,"from worth R. "La while.—H. Clair. Original story Rene by

etta of filmed recorded out and was ) Petrified Bros. Forest Warner ( Lights Shadows Editor and against doors, of scenery mountain curious in picture unusual which and A Screen: the on the natural grandeur. through Echoing

all oil desert, station, a sandswept has an and the Bounty"on "Mutiny Indian passes mountain comes "The entertainment grand contrast the factors road bandits dreamthe with of is Call,"Jeanette sung which Love by actsuperb picture: in one combined like idealism of wandering a young

a as and Nelson MacDonald Eddy action, photography, ing, beautiful Englishman. "Petrified The name recurring throughout; song from theme It portrays romance. adventure and Forest,"ideals in symbolizes a dead

love, drift lake, emotions, quiet a the to moonlighted human the of gamut

It sordid called world. has "an been to loyalty, heroism, courage, hate, of a the of canoe, "Rose melody comes in philosophy."adventure This hardly live will as one It a few. mention I and, Marie. most perhaps You,"Love delicredit gives the to the charm and history! epics film the of of all, the triumphant of of "The Song cate inthat picLeslie is poignancy it is favorite Howard my why That

ture for 1935 and all other years. fuses into his emotions. The bandit,

"Wild Rose"played by Humphrey Bogart, is a fine

Leora Peterson, piece of characterization. Adults and

337, Box Holbrook, Arizona. YoungDirector:People.Archie L. Mayo. From

FAVORITE PICTURES AS the play by Robert Emmet Sherwood.

SELECTED IN ERA CONTEST Cast: Leslie Howard, Bette Davis,

Tobin, Humphrey Bogart, Marietta. Genevieve 1. Naughty Dick Foran.

2. David Copperfield.

(ParaRose of the Rancho 3. Les Miserables.

favorSwarthout,: Miss prime 4. on the Bounty. mount) Mutiny

ite operatic of the stage, her ( makes The Little Minister.

screen Around the Bend. Steamboat ausdebut under very happy \

FAVORITE ACTRESSES turesquepices. OldremnantsCaliforniaof Spanishwith life,its withpic-

1. Jeanette MacDonald. the lawless elements that flooded the

2. Katherine Hepburn. young newly Americanized territory,

3. Claudette Colbert. with the Federal government—in the 4. Shirley Temple.

5. Edna May Oliver. shapelover—areof a allsingingset to andhighlygoodpicturesquelooking

FAVORITE ACTORS background. Family.

1. Will Rogers. Director: Marion Gering. Music by

2. Frederic March. Ralph Rainger. From a play by Rich-

3. Charles Laughton. ard W. Tully and David Belasco.

4. Clark Gable.

5. Nelson Eddy. popularStar of RosescreenMarieactressandcontestwinnerconof Cast:Charles JohnBickford,Boles, GladysH. B. Swarthout,Warner,

ducted by The Improvement Era. Don Alvarado.

GULLS FOLLOW A PLOW SONNET TO THE MARCH WIND AS A MATTER OF FACT

By Ethel Romig Fuller By Delia Adams Leitner By Sylvia R. Grant

brings me I shall love a man who I but know they call you blusterer seagulls sense the time somealways'X'he in March, OH,hyacinths violets I found sincere. are The You -*- how A midst quite haughty ones, colored Rose the ground, so> trustingly above PeepingIncited hungerings—by primodial

green; their grow. in and so they you too believe to plow; lad starts They very a farmThe dawn

takes me walking when the rain falls to go, eagerness in And brooks their great inland, The frozen come by cohortsAnd wings Awakening from their slumber at the sound down in silver skeins

Sails billowing against the primrose east, Of your insistent calling, quickly bound To brighten up the lilac's purple sheen.

To follow with the grackles, row by row, Leaping and laughing from their beds of I'm sure I'll love a man who'shows me how the artful moon snow. feast Lucullan share that noses aThe

that seeks to dim her the cloud Eludes soon corn pumpkins and soil whereFrom brisk harbinger keen March wind, will grow. O

soon to be, of joy, Whograce;runs along the sands with me beside of beauty messenger Gay

front the ocean vigor you destroy wild, tempestuous shall if suddenly With blame a lad,And who breezes blowing in my face. ocean With fallacy and deadening turn The lethargy white thorn a foamy hedgesThe

blur... The winter has imbued. In glee you bringThe acrid dust to salty tang of sea? Glad heralding of love and youth and As a matter of fact—I do.

If aboard a schooner, he careens with her—spring.

The while he toils behind his plodding team REVERENCE To ports on purple coastlines in a dream? LITTLE HOUSE IN THE WEST By Leone E. McCune

lillies grow, snow, STRANGE DRUM By Cristel Hastings INPuremy moonlitand chastegarden,as drifted valleys the in lonely sun stand VT'oli where Nuftall Boyden By Frances is there, ecstasy white A sweet, hills the afternoons western makes * Of in prayer! lift saintly heads their They to the music dancing of a T am gold

K Strange drum, Against the blue, while clouds that are beating rhythm Whose ships your to dance. Forces me Sail with dreams stowed in their YOUR TOWN on aloft

I stop can Nor its music While dims my ears. hold. By Edith Chevrington

I will drop know hilltops the and breathless here dot You have that of house the kind you isn't IT is tired heart so there IMy most. the matter to seems That

the to Dancing of a music the salted that ashore run Facing winds of size town, the the isn't or It the name Strange drum. ships your of Singing beyond somewhere it boast. can of the which beauty Or

ken, Bringing their lowvoiced chanteys to your It Andmay itbeneverin themayhillsclaimor downrenown,by the sea,

TEACHERS'CREED door. But whatever the town that you love may

By Claire S. Boyer The long flat plains know well your squatIt'sbethe people who make the town.

tired in this world; gently ThatWalk ted shapes homes and shops and the way they are crouch upon the sunbaked, thirsted The

footfalls are Brisk too hard upon the sands kept heart ghostly race like that tumbleweeds With fair, city label your May for silence longs That steeds thoughts reflected the town your But of art; the peace the Into hands. night, guided And by phantom there. living are folks the iswhojust Of

that gently, words crash of Speak no that timid shatter thought May goes The andmountainsthe streamsknow your wood smoke, From newlyopened mind Have caught the brave reflection of your LOW ROAD that To'knows. mind light, Pratt Zenor Grace By

beaten Swift your rains have drums upon climb lives scarcely that gently Touch roofs road, the higher their walked fear have too need much, might they Because the helped of symphonies to make And turn to of the wings sea brush be sunsets on the I Seen May night. sailing the blue, to deed. Halfthought on white yachts With

free. floating sails white And roofs stare at sun back and Your moon castle walls, and I proud glimpsed might have

star, you, halls stately with Trod CREDO rain, the Indifferent to high and winds road I higher the taken but Had curls long from chimney as your smoke As Hiner By Halberta.. I do. to thought had As piece

I'll to thank presume not you And road. Lord, the lower ah! candle light shines from a window But, I took

pane. trees at night, sentinel For your with me;.. walked love has And

For singing sounds and written word, Nor have I missed the things I dreamed

And birds lowwinged in flight: So much of life I see;

trees, whispering lane, with long green IN USE A the sky, LOVE there saw Others were who hill; green low house by White sea, the years ago, many And

lilac pane through Yvonne window Adamson By my A I that praise give you should So why sill. the sunlight on And for there placed me? them Have 'T'hey said,

Not for the things that are in life, "Love dulls when its O what care I for higher roads, to walk

Of sunset glow and morning star, New wears off."I know now amid the stars...

But only for that thing in me Love warms and glows when the blinding Love reigns beneath our humble roof

That lets me know they are. Glare's off.... And all the world is ours.

North to the Orient matter in what country they live, have

Lindbergh, solve. problems to the same ( Ann Morrow much is fever time on its way. Harcourt, Spring

Brace centers In the manufacturing and Company, Mr. 1 935 that stage reaches you, Before

Priestley like the editors the speed to astonished with suggest would was some the vogue from tremendous Apart that to satisfy wanderlust books and girls at the worked. which The as the Lindberghs enjoy which yet to permit or at remain you home Priestley that assured manager Mr.

fliers, deLindbergh Anne at those Morrow duties necessary for work girls "the routine and preferred purely let which you us serves recognition must perform. as wide a writer. So they jobs because once March a travel month through monotonous is of make to the Orient one Her North way fairly simple learned necessary the had books. kin.""the making world Her whole

all then could they movements work different to sympathetic the approach else something about day and think tolincreases countries peoples the and while working."they That's one were readers. erance of her are authentic the to apand add much of the clock around. go making way also lesson to tends book be a The the pearance as to of as the well book Priestley to us the introduces Mr. for for contentment. read we When enlightenment of the reader. three found: Englands he which "Old that instance family tenderly one Saints Latterday have been the To cathedrals who of the England, country

plant treasured a tomato which would interested in the the resettlement of ministers houses and and and manor bear never because: tomatoes "The this will of unHoly prove book Land inns, nineSquire;""the of Parson and

it. leaves smell can grow and Even we it interest deniable in are because industrial teenthcentury the England, we

is the smell of vegetables good growing given sympathetic the to a steel, approach iron, coal, cotton, of England feel us,"inadebegin to to how we this migration rebuilding of Jewish and "the railways;"wool, postwar new

life quate are to meet when we we interesting If country. most geogfar more to belonging the England, age more

conditions complain the of which we raphies this in written itself manner, were island."particular this to than

to meet.have children learn sympatheticsoon would C. J.—M. style, content, stimulathe the The ally in live. the of they world which

it this tion gives volume which make Excursion Moscow C.—M. J. to addition everyone's worthwhilea (P. Travers, L. Hitchcock) Renal and

library of good books. M. C. /. We Owed It to the Children "Pamela Travers has endeared herOver African Jungles (Grace L. Roosevelt, A self to book lovers by her delightful

(By Martin E. Johnson, Harcourt, Coward McCann, 1935) fantasies, Mary Poppins and Mary

Brace and Company, 1935.) Any harassed father who has been Poppins Comes Back. Her Moscow

T17ith the widespread interest focus- ""inveigled into taking his doting Excursion will serve to add to her *"ing itself in the eastern part of family on an excursion will enjoy this popularity. The book can be read in

Africa nowadays, Over African Jungles different kind of travel book. Any wife a few hours and will serve to introduce

will prove fascinating reading. Martin who has done the urging for the family the new Russia. If more people would

Johnson and his wife need no introto leave for parts unknown will appreread this book, there would be unduction to anyone who has gone to ciate the joys and sorrows of that indoubtedly fewer who would recomthe movies, because their pictures have sistence. mend the Soviet system for other counlong been the most fascinating of The introduction of a thoroughly tries.—M. C. J.

travelogues. into family backAmerican a European Charles Rich by Coulson John refreshing inforThis book makes offer ground will a moment's many to Appear Henry Evans Soonmational reading will prove and reading. well pleasant illustrations afThe

time. interesting anyone'sworth us just informs One Evans Henry ford a dash of spice to this entirely John

willbit of information perhaps Publishthat shock enjoyable book. Macmillan Company,

most readers into a consciousness of The author is a daughterin-law of ers, has accepted another book of his their own racial prejudice. Mr. Johnthe "big stick"wielder, Theodore for early publication. His new book

reportsson one occasion that upon is titled Pioneer Charles Rich, Coulson strength of the from Roosevelt—and this nativea him with approached pioneer the Builder West. The of the vociferations in husband's Wequestion: largely responsible Charles Rich C. was it It safe to the Children, seems Owed

if I told "Bwana, would mind you states: Califor three the settlement of is off that to old he a chip the say

you something?"block.—M. C. ]. fornia, Idaho, and Utah. The material

"No,"Mr. Johnson grumbled. "Go that Mr. Evans has used in this volume

ahead."original mostly has from gleaned been English Journey often the white "Well, bwana, man letters, diaries, journals, sources, old Harper and (J. B. Priestley,tells smell. that us black But men we bebiographies never and which have Publishers, Brothers 1934) that to us black peopledo you know fore of published. people been The

the white man smells every bit as bad Tn his inimitable way Mr. Priestley Utah and Idaho and their descendants

as the black man does to—M.you?"C. /. anA takesEnglandus travelingwhich comesthroughtoEnglandlife from velopmentor those whoof aretheinterestedLatterdayin theSaintdeAdventuring in Palestine Southampton on the south to Bristol on Church will be exceptionally interested

(Marion Rubenstein, the west, Newcastle on the north, Norin watching for the appearance of the the without (pronounced w, publication. wichAlfred A. Knopf, 1935)

) please ending, on the east, and in LonThis makes the third book which

A lthough the story is fictitious and don, that town of towns. English Mr. Evans has had accepted by the

"the characters in Adventuring in Journey isn't so much a travel book as Macmillan Company. The first, Joseph

Palestine are entirely imaginary, the it is a slice of humanity. Although the Smith, an American Prophet, attained

situations are true and are based on the characters are English enough, they wide popularity. The second, The

events which transpired during the have more than mere nationality to Story of Utah, is now being used as a author's stay in Palestine from August recommend them—they are part of the text throughout the junior high schools

1933, to January 1934. The pictures great stream of human kind who, no of Utah.—M. C. J.

Ward Teacher's Message for April, 1936 teachersage forbecomesits members.the personalThespokesward

Is saints. not in the of the homes man

cleanliness, the to of or lack"Be Master Clean"Ye this as calling as teachimportant any it, in the and which ways many He thein ing task Church? positive definite the and most/\ne of its applied indicates that meaning, toin constant bishop keep must The statements "Be Jesus was by made cleanliness of of thought, body, Him his the of touch with ward. members is to referred Cleanliness Clean."Ye actions, of food, raiment, of of were

relathis effective teacher welds The in are scripturein ways. many We of extreme importance.

tionship, speaking behalf the of on lepers; thetold cleansed that the Savior is In cleanliness our generation own details bishop gathers which and driving out the cleansed by TempleHe less important. Present standards no

assist Is in administration. not ward it. to referred defiledthose He who cleanliness of clothfood, of and body

this signal of service importance? a spirits;"set the example"unclean He ing have thousands saved of many

of washing the feet as a symbol of lives. Likewise clean thoughts and Misunderstanding is the root of

cleanliness of body. To the lepers He actions have saved many thousands of trouble. There has never been a subsaid "Be thou clean."He referred to souls. stitute for personal contact to smooth

unclean food. He chided the Pharisees Physical, mental and moral cleanlihuman relationships. It is said that

with respect to cleanliness and likened ness are enjoined upon all Latterday Joseph Smith could win the favor of ear. of his could get an opponent to "whited if hethem Saints. should remember sepulchres—full be and We

all uncleanness."enjoys the opporbones and The ward teacherdead men's the the Savior guided words of by "Be

Surely the many references made by Ye Clean."tunity of speaking face to face with

people in the most congenial atmosphere in the world—that of the home.

Can the men of the Church afford to disregard this opportunity?

Use of Teachers'Message teacher to secure such help are lost No one ever talked with another influenced. being enriched An the is read from the slip without messageLeaflets when

is of the priceless personality reward to read. the family with or left

Come questions have arisen regarding Every teacher is entitled to and every prayerful ward teacher.

*"* the use of the Monthly Ward should seek the assistance of the Spirit

Teachers'Messages. It was the pracof the Lord in helping him to prepare

tice formerly in several stakes to leave for his visits. Every possible step in Selecting Ward Teachers

copies of the message in the homes of preparation should be taken. The VS7hen men are to be called to act as

different in teacher, conditions knowing disconpracticethe people. This was it is the that desirable "teachers, families, if fully prepared, as suggested first, in reasons:tinued many for two talk personal with bishopric have a

his above, presentation adapt can the readcases the teachers would in their presenting names, before to them is the the of This needs each home. itleaflet with leave then and verbatim their willingness of order to be assured

It is spirit for true these teaching. of it in casesthe family. may some While calling. this diligently in If any to labor

reasons that the printed are messages teachers the read after had beenhave in brief, concise form as itleft, cases these few prepared is believed were a isteacherimportantshowsthatsignsthe ofbishopricindifference,personit their teachers, in help to guide a and negligible. Second, benefits theand ally with encourage him confer and him

preparation. year, In the coming own reinquire frequentlyteachers would If in kindliness. should teacher any

visits teachers'so be can made when family, exthe of health thegarding still fail in his or prevented duty, be it is profitable, helpful that urged and the leave greetings, then andchange causes, he other occupation through or all preparation proper be by made wholeaflet discussion whatever. with no another. (See replaced should be by

this are reimportant with charged imthe defeats these of methodsEither also Sec. 84:106111.) Cov., Doc. and

all sponsibility, visthat be and homes the ofportant purpose visit—the

ited regularly each month. guidthe Saints ofteaching under the

ance of the Spirit of the Lord. Results to be Expected From

In preparing and publishing the mesThe Importance of Ward Ward Teaching sages in the present form the intent is Teaching of imevidence should be HPhere for furnish the messagesto only a basis E. C. Davies, Supervisor Stake A By acting teachers the provement by It is deliver. not to are teachersthe Liberty Teaching, Stake of Ward in qualifications their and systematic shall printed the thatintended message

be the whole of the message delivered. HPhe bishop of a large ward recently activity.

It should be a guide from which should A commented, "If it were not for There should be monthly contact be developed, by study and research, block teaching, the spirit of my ward with all families and a noticeable stimthe best and most effective message the would die."A man now doing outulus resulting therefrom.

teacher is capable of delivering. To standing work in the Church has said, Increased attendance at sacramental

the information given and whatever ad- "I owe my changed attitude toward the and other meetings.

ditional is secured, should be added the Church to a prayer offered in my home Greater harmony and unity among personal information possessed by the one evening by a block teacher."members.

through that developedteacher teacher and occupied has the Never ward Decrease of indifference, trouble, or Spirit of the in aidthe of the Lord. position more important Church When a

is this inthe spirit prepared manner organization. message of every The ward transgression.

additional opportunity is provided can be enriched by his monthly visits. Increase of faith, love, and kindliwhen the teacher is in the home, for The influence he may radiate is needed ness.

the influence of the Holy Spirit to assist by men and women in every neighborIf these results do not follow, the in making the teaching helpful and fruithood. causes should be carefully investigated

ful. These opportunities for the Each month the Church has a mesand remedied.

Question and Answer blessing held in reserve for members of in righteousness through this mortal

The following question comes from theon anyChurch.others,Thisandgiftevenis notmembersbestowedof probationteachings ofif thistheySpirit.will hearkenThis is spokento the

one of the Priesthood classes with the Church must live in harmony with of in the scriptures as the Light of a request that an answer be published. the commandments or the Spirit will Truth, the Spirit of Jesus Christ, and

"What is the difference between the not come to them or abide with them. the Light of Christ. This spirit radiHoly Ghost and the qift of the Holy The Holy Ghost may come to any man ates from God to fill the immensity of

Ghost? and give him a testimony of the truth, space. It is given to every person born

It is rather strange that such a quesand then will withdraw leaving him to into the world, according to the revelation can arise and be discussed at length act on the impressions he has retions. It is, without doubt, the Spirit

without a Priesthood class reaching the ceived. That was the case with Corwhich prompts men to do good and

correct understanding. We are innelius. He had no claim upon the warns them against evil, and which is

formed that "The Father has a body teachings of the Holy Ghost other than generally spoken of as conscience. The

of flesh and bones as tangible as man's; the initial manifestation until after his Lord has said of this Spirit:

also; the Son the but Holy has Ghost reconfirmation baptism he and when is truth, of the the and "For Lord word a not flesh of body bones, is and but a gift ceived the Ghost. of the Holy is is light, truth whatsoever whatsoever and

Spirit. personage of it so, not Were in closing his the of record Moroni is light is Spirit, Spirit the of Jesus even

—D.the Holyand GhostC. 130:2223.could not dwellThe inSaviorus."peopleforth ofsaidthe inBookrelationof Mormonto the comingamong Christ."And the Spirit giveth light to every man

spoke of the Holy Ghost as the Comthe Gentiles: that cometh into the world; and the Spirit

forter and referring to this Comforter enlighteneth every man through the world, always used the masculine pronouns "And when ye shall receive these things, that hearkeneth to the voice of the Spirit.

exhort that I would the to that you hearkeneth God, ask every one would ye "And "He"and "Him"as in the following inthe Eternal in Father, Christ, the Spirit of the of if voice even cometh unto God, name struction to His disciples: these true; things shall are Father."(D. the ask and C. 84:4547. if ye and

"And I will pray the Father, and he shall with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in will Christ, truth the manifest he give another you that Comforter, he may of this nature mission and The of the it unto the you, of by power Holy abide with forever; you in Spirit explicitly defined are more Ghost. the the of power Holy And by the Spirit "Even of truth; the world whom follows: revelation another as all things."the truth of Ghost ye know may receive, it cannot because seeth not, him

neither him: knoweth but for him; ye know is the of that of glory the church "Which this In thouwith promise harmony dwelleth he with you, shall in and be all, Firstborn, of holiest the even of God, * * sands the of of were Church members you. through his Christ Jesus Son

the "But is Comforter, the of the convinced the which Holy power by Holy that high, also as ascended on he up "He Ghost, the will Father in send whom this truth latterday the of of Ghost my all things, in that descended he below comshall all name, he teach things, you and work, claim but they upon had all no things, in that prehended might he be all bring things to your remembrance whatall all light source that things, revelation continued the through from of and

Isoever said have unto you."14:16, John truth; gift. until the they had 26. 17,

is truth light shineth. the This "Which said: has Prophet Smith The Joseph

Christ. is in of the sun, also the he and As Ghost, The sometimes spoken Holy

light is sun, of the the thereof the "There and power between a difference Holy by the Spirit,of as the Spirit Holy of God it gift made. the which of Ghost. Ghost the was and Holy

the Comforter, beingand a Personage is in the is the also received Cornelius moon, the he before "As Ghost and Holy of Spirit, has shape and form like any he was baptized, which was a convincing light of the moon, and the power thereof individual personage, and is the third power of God unto him of the truth of the by which it was made;

member in the Godhead. It is through Gospel, but he could not receive the gift "And the earth also, and the power

the Holy Ghost that the Father and of the Holy Ghost until after he was bapthereof, even the earth upon which you tized. stand. this ornot taken sign or he Hadthe communicate with Son those who

light shineth, givdinance the him, the which which which Ghost upon "And Holy gift the receivedhave of the Holy light, enlighteth of truth of the convinced is through him would him God, you who the laying through of hands. onGhost

is light these Until him. eneth the eyes, have left your obeyed he which same

The gift of the Holy Ghost is the ordinances and received the gift of the that quickeneth your understandings;

right to the companionship of the Holy Holy Ghost, by the laying on of hands, "Which light proceedeth forth from the

Ghost which is granted to every faithaccording to the order of God, he could presence of God to fill the immensity of ful, obedient member of the Church. not have healed the sick or commanded space

This gift is received by the laying on an evil spirit to come out of a man, and it "The light which is in all things, which of hands through the ministrations of obey him; for the spirits might say unto giveth life to all things, which is the law

all 'Paul to the as did of are sons governed, the things Sceva: even they which bythose have authority who are throne, but Jesus of know, and upon his know power who to officiate wehim, we God who sittethin the ordinances of the Gospel. live is is It long in eternity, mattereth not in ye?'of the whether bosom we who who

of the never members Church Many after the all to short earth a 88:5-13. or the come of on midst and C. we things."—D.

benefitsreceive this the of guidance principles these obey of and knowledge is of the light spoken This John by I all thatsimply end. the because men unto they cleanse not them know do

It first in of his the chapter Gospel. in if the will not they do come be damned all sinthemselves the from keep- "by

ing of the commandments"and thereway which He hath opened, and this is the is also spoken of by Mormon in his as follows: to Moroni "justfore they are not and true."The way—Hist,markedof theoutChurch,by the4:555.word of the Lord."epistle

Spirit will not in unclean dwellHoly the Spirit of Christ is given "For behold tabernacles, will not be and a companto that man, every he good know may The Spirit of Truth, or

I evil;ion the guide to from wherefore those unto and show you who will not Light of Christ inthing for to judge; every which way"live that every proceedeth by word

viteth to to good, to persuade bedo and It is this forfrom the the of mouth the of God."companionship While

in lieve Christ, forth the is sent power by fail thatreason to is so those guided for be reserved many Ghost who Holy gift Christ; of and wherefore ye know may all truth"into to abiding the and yet truly an have Gospel, have obeyed it is perfect with of a God."knowledge

testimony of the Gospel. there is another Spirit which is given Moroni 7:16.

The gift of the Holy Ghost is a to all men by which they may be guided ( Concluded on page 1 85

Important Change in Quorum fill one or more assignments during

Rolls, Records, and Reports NEW FEATURES OF THE the year.

third of campaign, feature the In the PROGRAM in actions important of the most /\ne living, clean teaching Hawthorne features program of the PriestAaronic - connection with there reports not that one was Ward supervisors NEWwhich should keep recordkeeping supervision and hood the in reported of case delinquency before include: quorum members is Bishthe Presiding announced by is year. during report the ward The Standard The Award. Quorum immediately. effective opric, Under signed and H. Taggart by Bishop M. Calendar. The Quorum rolls are be to the plan separate new his counselors Riley Fred E. and J. S. Scrap Book. The Quorum

kept of all members of the Aaronic The Quorum Service Projects. Curtis. Elder Curtis has been ChairPriesthood who are 20 years of age or The Personal Record. man of the Ward Aaronic Priesthood

older. When the names are recorded The Presentation of Certificates of Committee for several years. He was

in the special roll book provided for Ordination. recently made a member of the Stake

adult Aaronic Priesthood classes they The Quarterly Review Meeting. High Council and Chairman of the

are to from the quorum be removed

Priests THE STANDARD QUORUM Stake Committee. rolls of and Teachers Deacons,

and these rolls will contain the records AWARD How Smoking Affects Students of members under 20 only. It is recomThe standard quorum award is to From the S. X. Bulletin

mended that in recording names of be a recognition by the Presiding members 20 years of age or over that Bishopric of the Church to every Cmokers who enjoy their cigarettes, they be grouped according to Priestquorum that reaches the standards M cigars or pipes are always someprescribed. will consist award The of the arguments disgusted with what and Teachers grades, Deacons,hood appropriate certificate, an suitable for against menace. as smoking a health listed separate pages. Priests being on preserving framing and permanently, anticigarette the to belonging Not been under has a movement Such to to the be presented quorum upon

trust, have the tobacco league or we time the contemplation by for some occasion a suitable stake officers by

Presiding Bishopric and with the printrepresenting the Presiding Bishopric. been able to preserve a strict neutrality

this reason this subject. For we upon of ing for adult separate roll books is standard quorum one where A report of a careful can submit to you a practical. the groups plan becomes the following standards have been

Benefits expected from the new plan met: study that was made recently of smokinclude more definite attention on the 1. Set up and follow yearly quorum ing among men students at Antioch

part of stake and ward supervisors to meeting program in accordance with College in Ohio. About half the men

adult members, organization of adult the recommendations of the Presiding at the college smoke, so the test would

Bishopric 1936. for fair stuone. quite to be seem a The definite classes missionary and work 2. Set a up proand follow yearly all parts counof the dents from come inactive. those areamong who Memactivities gram fraternal and of social types. the usual are try varied of and regular ofbers Aaronic Priesthood in accordance the with recommendais deor for secrecy motive There no benefited will through also bequorums tions 1936. for

having quorum records include the 3. Have an average attendance ception about smoking within the colnames and record the activities of record of 60% or more during the lege grounds, so that the men themmembers of Aaronic Priesthood ages year. selves were able to show considerable

only, removing the handicap of having 4. Have 75% or more members fill interest in the research work.

assignments the during year. definite there report was a shows The older inactive ofthe names members 5. Have obor more members 75% relation smoking established between rolls. theon serving the as of Word Wisdom of the scholarship. 31.8% and low for requests such a change Numerous the report shown annual the by of rethe maintain failed to nonsmokers in the past received beenhave few Bishop the of as December Ward of

years, but until present plans for sep31, 1936. quired grade, while 62.3% of heavy

arate classes, separate course of study, 6. Have 75% or more of the memsmokers—almost twice as many, you

and separate rolls were completed it bers who earn money during the year will notice—failed similarly. "Inhalers"

has not been considered practicable. pay tithing, as shown on the annual failed most often.

report the Bishop as of of the Ward final report As aInstructions the regarding plan new explanation—the 31, 1936. December of the began the before that study added sent ofto stake beingare and ward 7. or more Have members 50% susceptible been smokers had moreficers Bishopric. Presiding by the participate in or two more quorum smokers since eliminated more many service projects.

Hawthorne Ward Makes Stake Aaronic Priesthood Committhan nonsmokers had failed and been

Excellent Record tees will be requested to check on dropped from college.

in PriesthoodTTSThat"v Churchis probablyin the fillinga recordof quorumfor the eachPresidingquorumBishopricand recommendthe quorumsto the Davis Stakes Join which the standards Outing reached have inassignments the Priesthood Aaronic entitled are to recognition.

in reported has to the and been any ward "VIorth and South Davis stakes

Presiding Bishopric from Hawthorne joined in a mooseelk barbecue on ward in the Granite Stake. The asJanuary 25 at Kaysville which proved

signments filled reached a total of nearly equal with 3,647, while the to be the outstanding event of its kind 10,290 which is slightly in excess of Teachers filled 2,898. Of a total of in the history of the stake. More than

400 per cent of the quota assigned in 10,807 assignments made during the five hundred boys gathered at the high the educational campaign carried on year only 517 were unfilled. Priests school campus for the outing which

during 1935 from the Presiding Bishfailed in only 93 assignments, Teachers was participated in by Deacons, op's Office. The quota for the ward, in 1 24 and Deacons in 300. Teachers, and Priests from 12 to 19

based on a population of 1,560 persons A second feature of the campaign years of age, bishops and counselors was 2,528. in which Hawthorne Ward also reand Aaronic Priesthood leaders of the

The report shows that the Deacons corded unusual success showed only stake and the wards.

filled the greatest number of assign- 5 boys under 20 years of age out of The program included games and ments, a total of 3,745. Priests were a total of 1 49 in the ward who failed to sports, Indian dances by Indians from

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

Washakie ward, a motion picture of president of the Teton Peaks Council wild life and a general assembly at Message of the Bishopric to has given hearty cooperation in the which Earl J. Glade, General Manager Quorum Members is 1936 Feature plan.

of radio station principal the was KSL topics Cuggestive for messagesspeaker. supplied barbecue The Stake Promotes of Rexburg the *-* Bishoprics to Aaronic members of climax.grand planprogram was The Adult Classes

ned by the Aaronic Priesthood comPriesthood Quorums as outlined in the reorganized stake newly "Quorum Calendar"in all lesson HPHEmittees of the stakes two and Dell of committee Priesthood A Aaronic acted chairman. as The guides.Adams who

committees of the stakes are: North Reverence for our Father in Heaven. Rexburg stake, formerly Fremont, under

Davis, Jesse D. Barlow, chairman, Respect for places of worship. the supervision of Elder B. L. WaldSamuel Morgan and David Layton; Honoring the Holy Priesthood. ram, chairman, has made the organizaSouth Davis, George J. Miles, chairRespect for the Law. tion and supervision of Adult Aaronic

man, T. Amby Briggs and Eugene M. Respect for Parents. Priesthood classes a major project for

Decker. Respect for the opposite sex. 1936. Elder M. Luke has been apRespect for the aged. pointed stake supervisor for adult

self. for formulated classes already has and Idaho Falls Stake Leads RespectNorth prayer. Secret classes in for plans each ward. Onein Priesthood Cooperation

in Faith the successful class in stake Servants of God. has the been in

"VTorth Idaho Falls stake, one of Honor and Truthfulness. operation for three years.

A the youngest in the Church, has Formation of Good Habits.taken the lead in putting into effect the Integrity. Order of Business—Aaronic

cooperation plan between the Aaronic Gratitude. Priesthood Quorum Meetings

Priesthood and Scouting, under which Keep your promises.

Church activity is made a definite part Loyalty. Tn view of the relatively short time

of the teaching and activity of the Scout Value of self control. available for the weekly Aaronic

program. Under the direction of Grant Tobacco. Priesthood quorum meetings ( Yi

Andrus the plan has been put into operStrong Drinks. hour ), where such meetings are held

ation and marked results are already Pool Halls. in conjunction with the Sunday School,

apparent. The method adopted inSunday Amusements. it is very important for the welfare ofcludes a religious service under PriestLate hours—Dancing or Auto Ridthe members that the time be employed

hood officers preceding the monthly ing. promptly and effectively.

Court of Honor. President David Thou shalt not Steal. It is recommended that the period be

proper ChoosingSmith, president of the stake and also into companions. divided two ( 1 ) Activity parts—

to the poor. Kindness Period. BeLesson Period and (2)

Oahu Stake Reports Organization cause of the lack of sufficient time, the of First Deacon's Quorum Lesson Period is greatly abridged, but

Honolulu. The quorum represents the with proper preparation on the part

in far off Pacific the the has various races stake which up go to make/Jahu Bishopric of the of the and Member islands the population of to and Presiding Bishopricreported Church the Supervisor, the can Class prove very that the first quorum of Deacons to be has already performed distinguished profitable and instructive.

organized in the Hawaiian Islands has service in arousing interest in PriestThe suggested Order of Business for been formed in the Fourth Ward of hood work. the meeting varied frequently as outlined in the lesson guides is as follows:

{ 1 ) Activity Period. Under direction of Quorum Presidency with cooperation of Supervisor (15 to 20

minutes ) a. Prayer, by quorum members in

rotation. b. Audible roll call.

c. Discussion of means of getting

attendance of absent members.

d. Reports of assignments of duties

performed during past week.

e. Assignments of duties to all members for ensuing week.

f. Instructions in duties and filling of

assignments.

g. Discussion of social and fraternal

activities of the quorum.

(2) Lesson Period. Under direction of Class Supervisor. (10 to 15

minutes. a. Brief instructions by Members of

Bishopric or Supervisor on Habits and

Virtues. b. Brief review of Priesthood Lesson

Oahu Stake's First Deacons Quorum for the week. (From Priesthood LesBeginning with the front row, from left to right, the members in the picture are son Book.)

as follows: Bell, President; Woolley, Jr., Secretary; Darwin Quorum J. Frank all careful the of consideration The

Counselor; Leonard Fong, Herbert Second Yee, Padiken; Herbert William Nee; Ah is vital for herein matters presented interested First Counselor; nonmember; Padiken; C. Arthur Jens Jacobsen, George

all welfare progress of and memJohnson, Priesthood Aaronic Advisor; Braun; Walter Keith Suthe Saxon, Quroum

pervisor; Mack Taylor; Russell K. Homer, Second Counselor of the Fourth Ward bers. By proper attention to these

Bishopric; Herman Fong; Haruo Christensen. Other members of the quorum not matters every meeting can be made

present are Joseph Woolley, Ralph Beddow, Lewis Go wans, and John Kinolau. very interesting to everyone.

General Superintendence General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

STREET MAIN M. NORTH W. A. Y. M. M. CITY, SOSALT LAKE UTAH I.FOX,A. RUTHY. MAY E. ALBERT BOWENI. CANNON, GRANT LUCY Q. GEORGE MORRIS

A. Offices Y. General BEESLEY, M. I. A. CLARISSA W. FRANKLIN WEST VAN ELSIE NOY, HOGAN BISHOP'S BUILDING A. OSCAR KIRKHAM,L.

Secretary CITY, Executive SALT33 LAKE Secretary UTAH

Send all Correspondence to Cdmmittees Direct to General Offices

Needed Qualifications opera, or in a chorus, or who has demunder the direction of Lewis A. Lee,

For You and Me onstrated the two M. I. A. dances (or and consisting of seventyfive voices

one and an original dance), and who and soloists, supplied the musical proBy Francis Alvin Porter of has also attended Mutual at least fifteen gram with the exception of one number

Orderville, Utah times, is entitled to receive recognition which was provided by the Ucon roll I. Beal, member honor. of Quartet. the D. placed or on A. ward be M. M. list desirsent of a PorterfU[R- to of individual Y. for It is Superintendency possible of Stake the M. an A* qualities enjoyed able which we officers I. his stake the for derepresented four A. achieve M. times—once passing arereading. of them we Some in Stake the drama, and in once and program, complimenting Ward partment

to you.on the of people the Directors music. dancing, and and Era truth. built assurance, upon Faith: are achievement. splendid the There stake Achievement. upon Ward cheer. quality of good Hope: College for of your Ricks F. possible achievements Catmul Professor eleven J. virtues; pure of the Charity: sum credthe selection department November from a to read ward make—eight unselfishness. oflove God; musical accomdancing, to its in a credit drama, each Era a Improvement and qualities, desirable of Virtue: sum represented the Giles reach your paniment. music. ward D. Will and John selflove, patience, courage,strength,

all Superinthese of three Stake Boards. or in one, or two, the goal General

control, endurance. Presthese achieveStake of activities? and Stowell each tendent For D. W. all things: in control Temperance: splendid recognition from gave will receive Archibald ident ments Leona you appetites. emotions, thought,speech, entire and in campaign the Day. cooperation Be Stake Honor the on Stake strength, of source Prayerfulness: of meetleast four the of close at the earn that celebration. sure you At unto access the only power;wisdom, will cooperaof stake expressions do, ing unless your them; you numerousGod. will Improvement to tion achieve. The good not and put plans endurance; Persistence: will be cards Stake achievement and given Individual Ward by were Era qualities plodders. the ofover; Offices extend Boards Board General at the sale leaders. General on The capabilyour know Selfconfidence: to congratulations Rexburg at lc each. hearty

ities; succeed. do, to to power prowill also be demonstration. this for unusual awards Department Stake right strike the able to Judgment: later. price announced vided;

line to follow.

Health habits: keep the Word of

Wisdom; use simple remedies. How One Ward Increased Adults

Enrollment Are You Achieving? TPhe 19th Ward of Salt Lake Stake T17e are approaching the close of the

Queries which may help you to A gave a department manual to each * * season. Many classes begin to

achieve person who brought a new member to have an attendance problem. Start

your to attendance stimulate and the latter provided was ennow Mutual, Achievement: Department How creep let this problem Don't group. three times. and came at least inrolled of departments have yourmany

rolls, take your you. up Keep up on that their enrollmentcreased 10% over

abchecking up on a few minutes of year,of last (or have 75% those Rexburg Era Conference but and ones. to commend sent Remembereligible for membership)? many How always are interesting those unique who compliment and A decidedly secured departmentsof your have two- ** ones absent the faithful. Assign them successof the most gathering, one three during months?thirds attendance

to bring call to personally up and the reported to yet Genits kind ful of their departcomplete many willHow well in your not in weary the eral Rexconducted Board, class. Do was program byment May 12th?

Your Ward Honor Day is May burg Stake Tabernacle Sunday, Febdoing.

19th. On that evening you will give ruary 2, in the nature of a celebration The manual is very interesting just

recognition to all of your departments of the completion of The Improvement for general reading. These discussions

who can answer yes to the three quesEra campaign in all the wards of the scheduled for the months of March and tions above. Ward Honor Day should stake. April contain wisdom and knowledge

he a gala event—congratulations and It was planned by the Stake Era enough to help all persons who

applause should be in evidence for the Directors with Ira Watson as chairman heed them to attain whatever they departments achieving. and Vivian Ricks Atkinson as vicemight desire. They would become inRemember that each time a departchairman. Ward Era Directors were dependent and selfsustaining and

ment achieves it means one credit or associated on the committee. More from their abundance they could give

achievement for your Association. than twelve hundred people were gathto those less fortunate. On page 100

There are eight possible department ered in the tabernacle for the event. in a small sentence is such an axiom.

credits. Stake President Peter Ricks, Jr. and "These stalwart pioneers were men

Individual Achievement. Have you his Counselors, practically all members who studied and prepared themselves

succeeded in making all of your memof the Stake High Council, Bishops and for their task in every conceivable way, bership interested in the Achievement Counselors, as well as Stake and Ward and then worked diligently and trusted

Plan? Each individual who completes M. I. A. officers from all parts of the God for the increase."High achievehis department work with his group, or stake participated. ment required the application of serious

who has appeared in a play, in the The North Idaho Falls stake choir, thinking and great endeavor at any /. Queen and Attendants of Timpanogos Stake Gold and Green 5. First cast, Ward director, Road Show and accompanist of Ball. winning cast Idaho of North Falls Stake.

2. Queen and Attendants of Gold and Green Ball, Susanville, 6. Winning Road Show Act, Maricopa Stake, Arizona.

Nevada district. 7. M MenGleaner Banquet, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada.

3. St. George M MenGleaner Banquet. 8. Queen and Attendants, Oneida Stake Gold and Green Bali

4. Open House Reception, First Ward, Weber Stake, Ogderu 9. Rexburg, Idaho, M MenGleaner Banquet.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

AClUltS (Continued) whichsuggestedaffectmanyour communitiesremedies, butandtherehas theathletespiritthatof makessquaredealhim theandhero.fairplayIt is

must be somebody to do the job. in competition. It is that finer spiritual

time. The members o our Church Name over some of the ways in element of the game. It gives life,

have a special mission over and above which your community can be improved meaning, and value to the athletic proto lives are living.ordinary Our the gram. becomes Without it competition own community—not—your In the the world. to a sermonpreach beefy, animalistic, movements "bide and brutal. the world With it world. Let

main the lives of our pioneers did thus, a wee"until the particular places in athletics become a manly art.

and it is our business to continue in which we live and have our being are Everybody admires sportsmanship, this achievement. We cannot be sucmade better. even the poor sport. It is courage for

cessful it right; if we grow careless and lazy other is "turning the cheek"or a book the a library need Do you

in our endeavor. It is contest. heat the in the of underpooled? books may be center where

indiprepare for your cannot now We can If so what you do—right

groups, but havevidual clutyou leaders magazines there girdingM Men motiveprogram.of allAntheM Manmotivesis sportsof the it? Are the about

obligation of preparation. We interest tering up many homes which might be manship in flesh and bone. What an

you to make it the same kind of precentralized and used by those who have attractive picture it is! What grip it

paration mentioned in the above quofew? How can your community cohas upon the finer fibers of man!

tation, In analyzing Christ's leaderoperate with ypur neighboring comMay we not with profit, supervisors ship, these points are given, they are munity in securing water, light, heat, and M Men leaders, ask ourselves to, applicable to us. better roads to recreational places, in what degree is this spirit carrying over

Prepared leadership. His followers procuring a baseball diamond for the in our complete Mutual and M Men

felt his authority, He knew his text. young people, a place where they can program? What is sportsmanship in

program? and our lyceums better advantage, to his group believe in him camp made He In the opening exercises it is activity entertaineducational public other his deeds.by

participation. and etc.? etc., ments, them. with companionship had He it is In sincerity, class the inroom the is around Spring corner—has talked me, with and walked He"He terest. sections. our of in Now many arrived all his called own."with me, and me He In the devotional of period Mutual winter's the crystallize to is time the instrucpersonal, His method it was is reverence. your translate to and teaching of outtive, conversational, working a it is jointactivities In the doing our actual into arguments, your speeches, individualized together.problems He If you part. community. your of betterment his group. ofthe members it is In culture the courses growth your then work, your translate will so

application. according taught each member He taken "The Community by has community

it is gentility. In the given dance a work,to his -.Seeds, each was Things."Better Highway to

it is Spirituality. In the in Slogan underChrist nature.missionary

stood his followers and they felt free In the game it is the manly art of to come to him with their questions. Hobbies fairness.

Does it all sound impossible? It is JV good general hobby for the leader Towards officers it is respect, cournot. It becomes easy with practice. **'as well as every member of his tesy.

Just as a physician can diagnose paclass would be the improvement of Towards the building it is care.

interest does,. require Ittients'ailments. community. his and grounds own it is the appreciprogram Towards withis there no excellence work,and flowerculture, talk to is time the hisNow ation.

labor.out for those who plants better and new

it is the cooperaGleaner Towards of planting the with acquainted experimentation, better get can like You gentlemen. and the of tion landscaping at the social shrubs, can at than youa person one trees and

half a dozen meetings so do not neglect public and private grounds. And towards self it is improvement.

your socials. Now is the time to preDuring these present weeks, why not Suggestions as to what Supervisors,

Socialize for Classpare your Hobby show,; under projects way—projects get some leaders, and M Men Presidents nights. demonHave'a doyour hobby is an activity may hobby will count? that A

stration of pioneer dancing in your into which a person can pour his soul. 1. Motivate the spirit of sportsmangroup when you discuss Chapter 13; Every person should find such an one. ship throughout your group.

Have some music and oldfashioned There are hundreds of opportunities 2. Make use of the story in all the

readings and refreshments with Chapter for selecting hobbies. Here are some banquets soon to be held. Have them

It will burdensome not be too13 or 14. stamp collecting, suggestions: gardengiven and Gleaners. Check Men by M help.if the group whole have you bass viol making, ing, violin making, as to appropriateness on them and

"Let us not be weary in well doing; carpentry of all kinds, such as building theme of the occasion.

desks writing drawers, of shall reap; if we \ chestsfor in due season we in the appear 3. Have Men your M again), book cases, popular (they're 64:33.faint not."D. & C. exercises opening speeches with which

cement work such as making stepping have grown out of the class work.

tables, garden seats, garden stones, the 4. Apply Evening Sunday point, etc., needle etc., fountains,Seniors pools,

Conjoint the adSession—havefor are dresses (knit knitting making, rug dresses given your by Menall of M china painting, popular), very now and a Half Months to go!Two Ward. Scores pottery. carving, painting, wood

Cenior classes have been discussing of others can be mentioned by class 5. Recheck the physical condition

in the of the boys basketball comnow to Better members. Highway the "Community

save a boy! You may or less theoreticalThings"in a more Activity is what we seek. Let's find petition.

manner. Now is a good time for leader recreational activity.. 6. Plan for spring athletic activities

and members to pause and ask themon a Ward, Stake, or interStake basis.

selves two questions: What have we 7. Recheck the class manual work.done? What can we do? M Men How is it going over? What is needed

to enrich the lesson hour? We are prone to talk too much—to

become "lesson bound"rather than Cportsmanship is the Golden Rule of 8. Are your groups cooperating

constructively active. Dr. Geddes has athletics, competition, and game acwith the Gleaners to the advantage of

thrown out many hints of the ailments tivity es It is the one quality in an both and the program?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

6. Whittier Stake, Salt Ward, Wells Gleaners Explorers

Council; Lake 7. Cannon PioWard,

neer Stake, Salt Lake Council; 8. TaySimple Centerpieces Vanball Championships Thrilling lor Ward, North Weber Stake, Ogden

Council. Area Final Victor Fifth Ward afford them, Logan can /\f course if we Sweaters given of were the members

loveliest the - fresh flowers make history repeated winning itself when the ribbons to all parand \ Vanball team centerpiece for any occasion, all sea- * teams from Explorer Troops 105 ticipating in the finals.

sons of the year. But we usually find and 113 of Logan 5th and 9th Wards The Church team follows: First

the season in which onlysummer we in Cache Stake, cochampions last Team: M. Rogers, Logan 9th Ward; }.

centerafford therefore and can pick pieces of flowers for our luncheons, teas, or dinners.

Honestly, it is really fun to see how beautifully we can get along without flowers when we must. In their place

we might use any one of a hundred simple centerpieces.

We've all seen and perhaps used lovely baskets, bowls, trays, or plates of attractively arranged fruit. How

many of us have tried arranging a mound of fruit on a mirror? Any size

or shape mirror will do. The reflections of the fruit make a doubly lovely

centerpiece. A border of green around

the edge of the mirror of parsley, carrot tops, ivy, or fern, adds much to its attractiveness. year, faced each other in the finals Logan Fifth Ward Explorer Vanball Church Champions Team in fifth in the held tournament—annual as part used mirror again be can A 105. Troop No. 1936—Explorer Salt 25th. City, 24th and it Lake January three placing onof a centerpiece by right: to left Front Hugie, row Ray After the play teams days two two size. in plants the pots The samehouse Bill Capt.; Dick Thomas, Ryan,

final the which were deadlocked day with covered pots flower be should K. Aebischer, Leader; Exp. Henry

white tissue paper and tied with inch was Saturday. In order to bring the Howard Morris, Dale Olsen,

satin ribbon ending in three lovely championship to a conclusion, the ofWayne Morgan. Back row left

bows. The pots can be placed in a ficials decided upon a timelimit match to right: Ned Clyde, Mgr. Reid

line on a long mirror or in a triangle which ended on the stroke of midnight. Smith, Dean Black, Junior Murray,

on a round mirror. With the score 7 to 5 Logan 5th Ward Kedrith Neeley, hvin Fish, Coach.

was declared Church champions for

Here is another simple centerpiece this year.

kitchen. later in your be used canwhich Hess, Skidmore, as magnificent 9th Logan 9th Logan Ward; N. was Ward

for their vegetablesPurchase your perin as defeat the Poca- H. Ellsworth, were champions in Logan 9th Ward;

fection as well as usefulness. You will victory. The players of Troop 113 tello 5th Ward; W. Morgan, Logan

celery, four cauliflower, tomaaneed toes, radishes, lettuce, red and green peppers, carrots, three potatoes, parsley, spring onions, two artichokes, and a small slightly curled Italian squash.

With a little patience and time these vegetables can be arranged in a bowl, in a basket, on a mirror, on a large pottery plate, or on a silver tray, into one of the most amazing centerpieces you've ever used. This combination

has been used with candlelight at both an autumn tea and a dinner very successfully.

Try using a pumpkin shell cut down to the size of a large bowl with the top cut in a zigzag fashion forming a pointed, scalloped edge. Into this arrange various fruits having some gracefully the edges. over Vegedroop their were compelled back Logan to win way

to filltables used be also may Stake) Vanball Ninth Team—ExplorerWard (Cache placing the to the final games, under thempumpkin bowl. a handicap for the final series. Troop No. 113—Second Place

Winners Fifth Vanball Annual cut cups, the ornut the make To final in the standing of all teams The left to Tournament. Front row meat. theanges in halves remove and 1. follows: tournament Logan was as right: Niles Westerholm, Wayne

in of cut the the are edges orangesThe 5th Stake, Valley Hess, Stevenson, Cache Cache Ward, Jean Max same zigzag fashion as the pumpkin. Council; 2. Logan 9th Ward, Cach Rogers, Captain; James Skidmore,

Then dip the orange shells in melted Stake, Cache Valley Council; 3. FairGrant Stevenson, Delbert Napper.

paraffin. view South Ward, North Sanpete Back row: Alvin Hess, District

Chairman; Reese, E. N. Troop centerpiece be can pumpkin The 4. Stake, Council; Bryce Canyon PocaRogers, HerDean at aftercandlelight with tello,used a late 5th Stake, Pocatello Ward, TenCommitteeman,bert Pack, StevenManager; Don tea at or small nut cups with thenoon a 5. Council; doy Emigration Ward, son, Talbot, Explorer Wilbert

dinner.- Florence S. Jacobsen. Bonneville Stake, Salt Lake Council; Leader, Henry Skidmore, Coach.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

5th Ward; R. Ryan, Logan 5th Ward. tleman of good character and educaCourt, where she was graciously acSecond Team: D. Womach, Pocatello tion. His English wife and their infant cepted.

5th Ward; D. Stevenson, Logan 9th child had died on the way to Virginia. She died soon after the birth of her

Ward; K. Neeley, Logan 5th Ward; He had met Pocahontas while she was son, Thomas Rolfe, and was buried in

W. Rosander, Cannon Ward; R. a prisoner in Jamestown, and was atEngland. The child grew up over

Vance, Fairview South Ward; C. tracted by the beauty of her character there until he was about 20 years of

Beckstrom, Emigration Ward. and her personal charm, and thought age, when he went to Virginia. Large

of marrying her. Being a devout Chrisgrants of land were given him and he

Juniors tian,wisdomhe ofdebatedtaking longan Indianin hisbridemindfromthe becameColony. a Hepersonmarriedof distinctionand had anin onlythe

among a heathen people. But Pocachild, Jane Rolfe. She married in 1675

NJew Leaders in the Junior Departhontas expressed a desire to be taught Col. Robert Boiling, and gave birth to

ment: May we refer you to the the knowledge of God, and seemed an only son, John Boiling. This greatArticle, "The Planning of Teaching,"very capable of understanding, and grandson of Pocahontas had a daughwritten by Hazel Brockbank, and pubsoon at her desire was baptized and ter, Mary Boiling, who had a daughter,

lished in the Junior notes of The Imgiven the name of Rebecca. Mary Fleming. She had a daughter,

provement Era for March, 1935. You When John Rolfe told Powhatan of Catherine Barnett. Two of her sons

will find it most helpful. his love for Pocahontas the old warrior had families which joined the Church,

Many Stakes are beginning to think was well pleased, and peace was estaband from them alone there are thouJunior Festival. If you have not as lished between the two races. In the sands of descendants holding memberyet been able to decide upon a theme, Church at Jamestown, about April 5, ship. One of these, the eighth greatmaybe the suggestions given in the 1614, Pocahontas was publicly married grandson of Pocahontas, is now the

February, March, and May, 1935 isto John Rolfe. Later she went to EngSecretary of the Genealogical Society

sues of The Improvement Era will give land with him and was presented at of Utah.

you an idea.

How is the class dance scrap book progressing? Have you clipped the

article entitled "Dancing Pests,"which appeared in the Delineator for January, 1936. Ogden Explorer Troop 511 Holds Annual Banquet

According to the Junior calendar the lesson for April 14th is "All One Family."The following story could be

used as an introduction or would fit in elsewhere:

In the Church today are thousands of members whose progenitors were of the Lamanite and Nephite races. Pocahontas, a descendant of these peoples,

has been recognized as one of the great heroines of America.

We first hear of her in December, 1607. Captain John Smith had been

carried a prisoner before the dread

Chief Powhatan and sentenced to death. At the minute of execution

Pocahontas, the King's dearest and bestbeloved daughter hazarded her own life to save his, and so prevailed on her father that John Smith was given safe conduct to Jamestown.

To her is given the credit for the survival of the white colony in VirExplorer Troop 511, Ogden, ginia. She fed them when they were Annual Dinner and Social.

Indian starving, of them and warned social successful unusually crackers, individual and pies, apple chocoAn of her risking the wrath ambushes, late party, suggested the type its of dancing "trimmings."and proDuring

father. of the the gress A. the General business of the Boards by annual meet- M. I.

For a few years, during which there for Explorer and Junior Girl groups ing was conducted, consisting of rewas considerable warfare with the Inwas conducted by Explorer Troop No. ports from committees, seven in all,

dians, little was heard of her. Then 511 of the Ogden Area Council retalks by troop officers, members of the

Captain Argall, on an expedition up cently. bishopric, President George H. Lowe

staying river, the learned she that was of the Council Ogden Area and John the social before planned The was far Indian bribed not old away, an and Giles, D. of the Chairman Explorer for suggestion with combining his ship to her betray aboard sachem I. of the Committee the Y. A. M. M. Girls Junior announced and was was kettle. detained then copper for a He third feature of The program entirely the Explorers. by until could be conducted her as hostage peace a an hour.""amateur complete was theA

concluded with her father. Two of her The program was original and radio plant had been provided and the

brothers came to see her and found unique. Explorers with their partners, contest was conducted in mimic of

her so well cared for that they returned parents, members of the bishopric and Major Bowes. At the conclusion of

rejoicing, promising they would perwives, and invited guests assembled the radio feature, a semiformal dancsuade their father to redeem her and first in the recreation hall when an origing social completed the evening.

forever be fast friends with the Enginal vaudeville sketch was presented Explorer Ralph Belnap was chairlish. With them went Master John by troop members. This was followed man of the Committee in charge, coRolfe. by the banquet and business meeting. operating with Chairman Black of the

This John Rolfe was an English genThe "banquet"consisted of chili and troop committee.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

BeeHive Girls girlsgetherandand BeeKeeperstake their place,marchwhichin hastoRembrandt Van Rijn been reserved. {Concluded from page 159)

Girls, with BeeHive BeeHive Call—all are for of uides the month March if desired. trumpet the features softened have been byf*-* the centered This home. around Prayer.

is inthere the In years. an eyes for toaffords opportunity a us Girls. good BeeHive and Salute—all light, forth of shining the the ward in lives of of the Hive."the the sloganemphasize PromiseSong—"SpiritBeeHive Girls—"We Stand for SpirGreeting and brief word picture of Beespirit which has triumphed over theituality and Happiness in the Home."Hive organization—a Ward or Stake ills of the body.

BeeKeeper. in the happiness each have homeTo

Giving part. This must month do hermember of awards in formations, if pos- "Dankrupt, toiling ceaselessly to sible.

the Builders are to learn how to mend. Flag ceremony and Pledge of Allegiance. satisfy his creditors, Rembrandt

lighten mother's burdensEach girl may Taps. faithful on, left with a few worked in repair. clothing keeping herby own Prayer. to the with kept him friends who for learn care to help Music while passing out.Gatherers how

in Six, youth a splendid end. Jan to set properly athe and baby how be Leader Stake Junior may The earlier, happier days, Rembrandt'stable serve BeeKeepers a meal. and the participate, receiving to asked place to a Burgoas high in girls came pleasure feel a the helpshould Junior the are entering Guardians who

home duties. Department. master, but stayed staunchly beside

As spring approaches we begin to This program may be varied. If dehis friend, cheering him and bringplan for many interesting activities for sired the refreshments may be served ing him his last great commission.

BeeHive Girls. in the recreation hall, the guests seated This was the order for a portrait

BeeHive Week: This event was around the edge of the hall, leaving the group of the Syndic, the Cloth

most successful last year and is to be floor space vacant. While guests are Guild, an ancient and honorable inestablished as a permanent event each eating, the program may be given, this stitution. These worthy merchants,

year. The first week in May has been to consist of an impressive flag cerehad often been pictured in the past

chosen as BeeHive Week. (This mony, songs, and demonstrations of but never before by such a genius,

year it will be May 3rd to 9th incell-filling from the fields by various as Rembrandt.

awards of the Stake and the swarmsclusive. ) Rembrandt, as he studied those formations. the BeeHive using made,

The week should include hikes, exThe program suggested above may five stalwart, honest men bethought cursions, daily good turns, demonstrabe given in the chapel after; which the him of the heroic history of his own

tions, and it is suggested that the Day guests are taken to the recreation hall small but valiant land. He knew

of the Swarm be held. It is hoped also where they are served, while the Beethat it was by such as these that

that the girls will participate in M. I. A. Hive Girls entertain them with folk Holland had been brought through

gatherings, andprograms, Church sodancing and singing. her darkest days and had finally

their such uniforms oncials, wearing occasions. For detailed suggestions A Day of the Swarm program should achieved peace with honor and a

see BeeHive Department, March Era, be well planned and carefully prepared substantial prosperity.

All confusion. in to avoid order five at friendly those Looking1935, &s

responsibility given should be Swarms find faces ourselves wishing they we s, of you the Many D)ay Swarm: of feel to girls the should be made and for speak, surely 'would they might for plans yourare making doubt no are their BeeKeepers that with they heartening be good words. and possible as 'the of We As Swarm.Day of deal great this hostesses. In a way at the door, see cannot the person tothis Stake a be should event—onefar girls confusion noise by the and made

it is evidently are they durgirls but will forward look someone thewhich avoided. be themselves may

ing the entire year. glad to see, even in the midst of

BeeKeepers'Service Pin: Stake much accounting and argument.

checking begin should BeeKeepers this portrait of the Syndics, group Suggested at to In once, Day of the BeeKeepers withA Ward wisely equal Rembrandt gave promyear for three eligible the see if are any ProgramSwarm sitters, five inence to all so and served pin. service have may Some

1. Reception—afternoon or evening as dethe three years and, can, during the next avoided such trouble as he had with

sired. two months complete the other requirethe "Sortie of the Banning ComRooms attractively decorated. ments for the pin. This pin will be pany"the socalled "Night Watch."

cultural atmosphere. Refined, to Conference during awarded June marvelous merchant This group

music. instrumental Soft eligible. questions all Test are who painted sight Rembrandt's was when

at the BeeHive door received by Guests will furnished full information be and failing his at finances a low and was receiving the escort Girls; to them who BeeStake Presidents and Stake

still paints ebb. I. dimly executives, but Seeing he line A. of composed M. request. Keepers upon BeeKeepers, and Stake and Ward on, pictures greatthat leaving grow

Honor BeeHive Girls. Five Year Pin: June, 1936, is the er with the years as our understandfirst of the also for the time awarding (attractive).2. BeeHive of In deepens. ing he has them them Display—pins. about In fiveyear service 1933 Girls conline receiving BeeHive From light star of put high that the he

to display. guests duct BeeKeepers seventy and onehundred years. darkest the followed down cell explain display at Girls BeeHive pin. hope threeyear the received We

filling, Comb. symbols, Honey sometimes has been Rembrandt all in service and remained they have

3. Refreshments (If desired). will receive the fiveyear pin, which criticized for a lack of order in his

Guests escorted to another room for will be awarded by the General Board life, although many ill reports have refreshments. disproved. since been He had those All at Conference. who long June

music, allowing opportunity for Soft his failings, being few human, yet filled for the three requirements the conversation.

Dainty refreshments made and served by year pin and have remained in service men ever rendered a better accountthe BeeHive Girls. two additional consecutive years by ing of their span of years than Rem-

4. Program. June, 1936 are eligible for the five year brandt Hermansz Van Rijn, who

Music, as guests are seated in chapel. pin. This pin will be awarded each out of a great darkness brought a

"March of the BeeHive Girls"sung by year from now on. still greater light.

Promoting spirituality today

Keynote of Fifteenth Annual Leadership

Week at Brigham Young University sounded by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., at opening

session. Thousands attend General Sessions and

Departmental Work.

By CARLTON CULMSEE

ity, he explained that spirituality is

Altec delivering the keynote ad of or pertaining to that which prodress at Leadership Week, Presimotes the eternal exaltation of man.

/. dent Clark, Jr., posed Reuben

historic age, the courage of their convictions, Dr. Adam S. Bennion addressed others with the before

Education Building. Front row, the courage of their teachings, so the same assembly.

S. Harris, Clark, Mrs. F. Mrs. and robust a of developing that they The theme withstand the temptamay

Presi President Clark. row, Back

it applying more tions and under they come. which Give spirituality Harris, dent S. F. Mrs. Joseph

Anderson, and Joseph Anderson. them the courage to be just good widely was also expanded by the

oldfashioned believers in the prinremaining assembly speakers includciples of the Gospel. That is the ing Elder George D. Pyper, general

kind of courage you want. I am not superintendent of the Deseret Sun-

"Greater spirituality is an urgent need of interested, and you should not be, day School Union, and Hugh B.

the times."in having them spend their time Brown.

speculating spirabout all of these Ballard, of the forth to Elder Melvin many message went J.THIS itual refinements, these "highof the a Twelve, urged Quorum in late parts continent of the

faluting"religious ideas, are which fervent the appreciation of more several thou-, January, when broadcast all today. the have They gifts "If given. great been have wesand journeyed and men women do, just they can work as you have is this generation there thing one Fifteenth from Annualhome all the in had do, can you work unis it spiritual guidance, even needs atLeadership Brigham Weekthe in living derstanding to and the up in things,"material maintained. he University.Young Week, The principles of if the Gospel, the and L. Franklin Dr. Church West, at31,which ended on January principles lived are to will they up spoke of Education, Commissionertracted representatives eightyfive of save as are they them saving you. plea also. a Thursday on made HeL. stakes S. three missions D. and

to you and to the for a more intimate understandingin fourteen states, Canada, and "May God give

Mexico, teachers of this institution the power, of the problems of youth today.

"Promoting Spirituality Today"the dignity, the supremacy which Youth faces grave perplexities. He

was the theme upon which focused comes from real spirituality, which mentioned the financial obstacle comes from a belief in God as the which often delays marriage. Thisthe lectures and discussions in the

general assemblies and the short Father, in Jesus Christ as the Son, difficulty, complicated by considercourses. Of the latter there were as the Redeemer, as the Messiah: able leisure, which is often enforced

thirtythree, a recordbreaking offerand that comes from believing in leisure, leads to temptations. He

ing. Dr. Gerrit de Jong, Jr., was Joseph Smith as the prophet of this felt that the young people of today

dispensation, the and in restoration are face well in the doing amazinglygeneral chairman of the Week.."

.. of the Priesthood troubles. of their them But he urgedPresident Professor F. S. Harris and

H. R. Merrill, newly appointed diPresident Clark brought a mesto seek the guidance of their elders.

rector of the Extension Division, sage from President Heber J. Grant, Governor Henry H. Blood outalso helped mold the great adult who sent love and encouragement to lined Utah's social welfare program

education project into a cohesive and the Leadership Week visitors and to before the concluding general aspowerful unit. the Church University. Also Pressembly, which was arranged by the

As keynote speaker President J. ident Grant sent his moving testiState Conference of Social Work,

Reuben Clark, Jr. addressed the first mony that God lives, that Jesus is under President J. C. Swenson.

general assembly. Observers prothe Christ, the Redeemer of the The L. D. S. Relief Society joined

nounced the crowd the largest openworld, and that Joseph Smith was with the social conference in one ing day audience in the history of a prophet, the prophet of the last Friday session to hear Counselor

Leadership Week. With impressive dispensation. Amy Brown Lyman discuss social

earnestness President Clark deElder Joseph Fielding Smith, of service techniques and attitudes.

clared: the Quorum of the Twelve, spoke on Sister Lyman has for some time con-

"Give to your sons and to your the following day. Supplementing ducted a class in social case work

daughters, so far as you can, courthe dictionary definition of spiritualat the University.

+ MARION TALLEY

Meet Marion Talley, as A HOMEMAKER Iva Wilson, Kimberly, Idaho, knows her. Miss Talley IS NOW preparing for HER DEBUT IN PICTURES. By IVA WILSON

Blueeyed Marion Talley, the famous coloratura soprano, has signed a contract with MetroGoldwyn-Mayer, to work in the movies. The vehicles will be

feature pictures of the operatic type.

She says, "I am eager for something fresh to do. Wind has blown away

the dirt and lack of snow has caused my wheat to freeze, so prospects look bad,"but added the smile that thousands of her operatic and concert patrons love.

Miss Talley retired at the height of her career from the Metropolitan

Opera Company at the age of twentytwo in the spring of 1929, because she wanted a home and wanted to be a homemaker. The wm

young prima donna won recognition at the Metropolitan Opera House when a mere girl. She was loved

and admired in her glittering roles as few other such young singers have ever been. But there was room

in her busy life for the simple joys. "':

and responsibilities of a home..::.:;.,';

She has mingled with the great is of the "song one famousand

..

...,.......... t:birds"of the day; she has fame had

'': St*;.-.:'- glory, that lovely withand - won '.:,': '..:. '. ""v.::::':;./ '.:-r:: ',':

golden voice and her superb womanhood, but that did not in itself which are so attractive to the eye Marion Talley give her the greatest desire of her but so disastrous to the stomach.

heart. a real home! She wanted We

is a true Miss Talley At heart We believeprize ourin plentyhealth ofabovefresh allair else.and life.derfulWhatthan thento havecouldmybehomemore towongo

homemaker. She loves her music sunshine and we can have that in to for rest and recreation. I believe

and she loves her home. She says, plenty on our farm. every woman is domestic no matter

"I of always have a wanted home far she is up on the ladder of to vegehow gather wonderful "How I I just as can do where ownmy fame."crisp tables with dew, and fresh. wet Iplease. of the to want do much

to Listening sing Miss Talley the things to enjoy wonderful How myself. cook, as I canwork my will prove Sweet Home,"life really is a com- "Home love! Farm wesister helpalways and I have

ed with the housework. I am not plete life and also an investment in the statement that she wanted a

afraid to get a meal for anyone behealth. I think there is nothing that home. She sings with such depth

cause I know that I can. I do not keeps one more contented and happy of feeling that one catches in the

mind household duties for I like to both mentally and spiritually than lovely voice a certain pathos, wistdo the things in the house. I have being in the open enjoying the beaufulness, and tender longing.

made hooked rugs and hemstitched ties of Nature and basking in the Marion Talley is an outdoor girl is atlinens. My home is comfortable sunshine. with vitality and health. She

and modern in every way and it is "Music has always been the one tractive with her rosepetal comblue eyes. and lovely She I plexion in I love it but and my lifevery "homey"—a real home for us thing fairly radiates health. She loves to too, a real to come want homeall

"We cook only the most nourishwhen I need rest and want to relax. tennis, horseback riding and swim-

a tractor!ing and healthful of foods. We Sometimes one tires of the rigidlyming and, yes—running

never have pie, cake, or white bread circumscribed life of the prima donThe Talleys ( father, mother, and on our table, or rich pudding sauces na and of the artificialities of opera sister) believe in simple, wholesome

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

living. All their meals are light and

simple. When Marion was six years KIPLING'S TRIBUTES TO WOMEN

old, her father taught her to start (Concluded from page 151) each day with two glasses of hot to cleansewater the the the stomach and "Alone to housetops upon North that soldier the marknows The complexion. thetone up in lightning the the watch trained in the sky ried must be ways man

of the in footsteps thy TheI turnglamourand North.

Come back to me, Beloved, or I die. of the woman and so he says

jUhss Talley says, "Nature has "Below my feet the still bazar is laid been very kind to me in giving Far, far, below the weary camels lie—"I'd rather fight with the bachelor

nursed the married man!"be by And raid, of captives the thy camels and The constitution a good I do not andme

I die."Beloved, me, or back to Come

it. tointend rarely abuse I am Kipling's of all exquisite most The

I after take drinking tepid a bath myill. is lady his ladies blind cameocut

hot water and this is followed by a 'T'he splendid courage and hope of of "They."Her sweet ways charm

cold shower. I then have a brisk the mother who lost her son in the reader; her touch of melancholy

rub down. I take exercises that are the war are shown in "The Nativplays on the chord of sympathy; and

intended for allround development ity.""The Song of Women"and her delightful fancies make everyone

and more particularly for the culti- "The Dirge of Dead Sisters"are exlove her. Kipling, the producer of

vation of poise and grace, for these ceptional examples of the superfine rough and ready men, becomes the are two valuable qualities that every devotion of women to the cause of expert sculptor in his creation of this actress and singer need; and every humanity. In this class, too, must most adorable of women.

other woman for that matter, especome the muchmaligned, "The Fecially the business woman. I really male of the Species."Contrary to Many other examples may be

think the reason I never suffered the common conception of it, this found to illustrate Kipling's delinefrom stage fright was due to the poem is a real tribute to woman ation of lovely, inspirational women.

poise I developed. If I had not placing her not as an equal but as a To exhaust the number of instances

paid particular attention to my exersuperior to man: would mean an inclusion of praccise, diet, and hours for rest and tically all his works. Without any

relaxation, I could never have at- "So it comes that man, the coward, when more enumerating, let it suffice to he gathers to confer quote:tained my success.

his fellowbraves in council, dare With "Many girls and women make a not leave a place for her "If I were hanged on the highest hill, o'o'mine. mine, at mother Life Mother with Conscience, and Where war O to dietserious they mistake when

follow uplifts love his erring he whose I know me still, hands form.'the 'boyishacquire They o'a'mine. mine, mother Mother of Abtsract some To God Owould Justice—which tohaven't muscle enough fat and understands. no woman

protect their nervous system and "If I were drowned in the deepest sea, it! o'mine, that mother moreover, Mother Knows, knows Man o mine, O just are a bundlethey

tears that the would whose down to come gave I know God Woman jazz, smoke,I do not me, but not command may or drink—myof nerves. "AndMust govern—shallhim

philosophy of life does not include enthrall but not enslave him. Mother o'mine, O mother o'mine.

those things. I keep regular hours.

"And She knows, because She warns him, "If I were damned of body and soul,

Health is a priceless asset and we and her instincts never fail. I know whose prayers would make me

should prize it as a precious posThat the Female of Her Species is more whole, session. deadly than the Male."Mother o'mine, O mother o'mine."

"I am glad I have my home, for Two rather cleverly managed Verily, womanhood is crowned, home is the very foundation of the compliments to women are conand by Rudyard Kipling, author of

Nation and homemaking and careers densed in "To the Unknown God- "The Vampire."

work out nicely together. No one dess"and "The Married Man."Interestingly enough, Kipling is

needs a home and its environments The ageold query of the young perlinked definitely with the history of more than a woman with a career, son is voiced in these lines: one of Utah's bestloved and most

In 1899, Emmeline famous women. tired businessor the woman. already, and passed you I met you On "Have editor of the B. Wells, who was surely other blind?the unthinking, unknowing, the homemaker and hand

beand Exponent who Woman's season I meet next you at Simla, Oneeds a hobby or something outside Shall Relief the the president of of sweetest best came and your kind?"

of her home duties for mental reSociety, sailed to attend the Interlaxation too. They work admirably Then in the following lines we national Council of Women meettogether."have the hope and the dormant love: ing in England. Rudyard Kipling

Marion Talley is a fitting mistress "... If half that men tell me be true, was sailing on the same boat. The

for a home for she is ambitious, arYou will come in the future, and therefore two conversed at considerable tistic, sensible, and a good business these verses are written to you."length. In the course of their talk,

woman as well as a superb singer. Mrs. Wells mentioned that his poem

a would make "The Recessional"poise she can wonderful herWith stirring song if it were In FROM A HILLTOP particularlyentertain her guests charmingly.

set to pleased music. seemed Heher is the culture of the East, the By Solveig Paulson in his interest the she took with

dignity of compelling the the North, the of the South, andcharm bigness THEthetownnighthas reached out and caught poemactuallyandmadenot longa hymn.after thisSinceit thatwas

and broadness of the West. She is And bound her down with bands of light. time "The Recessional"has been

a fine example of our American With gleaming nets across her breast sung countless numbers of times by girlhood. She lies submissive and at rest. people all over the world.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

LAZY MORNING (Continued from page 165)

They hadn't met Ward, but And suddenly the letters began to darkrimmed glasses, and her eyes claimed to have "heard plenty about spin crazily; she caught her breath. were pale, her nose too short and

him,"and didn't like him. It—it couldn't be! She'd only imher chin too long. Certainly there "It'll do you no good, running agined Ward's name was there-—was nothing aristocratic about her

around with him,"her father had one of those queer optical illusions, appearance, and Lorraine, who had said. "What's he doing, picking up caused by her thinking of him.... read the society columns avidly and

a stenographer when he can have But no—there it was. The letters regularly for years, could not rehis pick of the girls over on Devon cleared again. "Miss Evelyn Trent, member having heard her name beHeights? Don't get any ideas into daughter of Dr. Robert Trent of fore.

your head that he's serious."Wakefield. Her engagement to But—Miss Trent was going to

"Who wants him to get serious?"W'ard Brooks, wellknown attorney marry Ward Brooks, who, even

Lorraine had demanded. She had of this city, is one of the interesting while courting her, apparently, had

resolved then and there to keep her matrimonial announcements of the been making ardent though careful plans and dreams secret from the season."love to Lorraine. Those "business

family. "I only go with him for fun. Lorraine read it over and over. trips"to Wakefield, that he'd

I intend to have plenty of fun before Calmly, after that first confused unlamented because they took him

I think of wanting anyone to get belief had passed. She was amazed away from his little Spanish beauty.

... "Court"business, evidently, serious with me."And the idea of at her calmness. Her world had

cynically. All his Lorraine decided felt crashed she around calling no Pa's her a stenographer, her—yet his pretty phrases, adoring glances, loss. given of her She had she'd been Stephen when James'assense

.. sistant secretary for nearly a year! heart to a man who was deserting his devoted attentiveness, were.

just "line."have a not He would she her without was for the a way that was Oh, well—in warning—yet if heart. cared her he had broken felt a suffering. Rather, she best. the not about They needn't know

raise she was expecting—-. bewildering sense of relief; as if a

And now it wouldn't be for much game of skill, requiring all her con-.Lorraine laughed aloud.

longer. She'd had her raise, and centrated effort and attention but Thanks to a kindly fate, her heart

since then she'd put by a nice sum long grown boresome, had ended was not broken!

each payday in a special account, unexpectedly and she was free. She reached for the telephone,

which she thought of as her "emanShe studied Miss Trent's picture called Ward's number. His voice,

cipation fund."Soon there'd be with keen interest. Miss Trent was cultured and pleasant, answered.

"I just saw the papers, and called enough for a suitable trousseau. very blonde—and Ward had said

That attained, she'd manage Ward he was all for brunettes! Miss Trent to congratulate you,"she told him

all, unless the gayly. at beautiful not easily was she'd be Mrs. enough—and "Why, that's sweet of you, little selfrespect- lied as no had camera in herWard Brooks and established

SpanishColonial mansion before ing camera ever would. She was pal. You're always the dearest

the folks realized what was happenshe must be thirty, at least; she wore thing!"he exclaimed. "What can

ing. She regretted that it would I do to show how I appreciate your

thoughtfulness?"have to be an elopement—she could

have graced such a beautiful wedBEAR LAKE "No charge,"Lorraine assured ding! But as she probably couldn't him. "It came from the heart."

ever afford a fine wedding anyway, By Miranda Walton "Precious child. I can't wait to

at again. see date you was Ourthat only a partial be would lake maiden: is a

it eight; sacrifice. The mightn't a little make we it. the end worth wasAnd veil of rosepearl misty lace a wears She

For negligee; earlier?"

And when the day is dull and dark, she Her tone changed. "Oh, that,

Idly she glanced through dons Ward? That, of course, is off."

the rotogravures, laid them aside A gown of gray. "You don't mean that, Beautiful."

and put the magazine section with Her lover is the sun: "But I do, Handsome."

them. the society put frock Becky had to a changes she appears he When I don't come! think I un- "Oh,

blue brocade, Ofpages, Lorraine's held only which tell you're you. Don't me her derstand in her hair, and emeralds onreal interest, bottom. the very on She With I turning Lorraine. prudish, breast know

would! A jewel of jade. better than that."

Spring of pages brides—two disillusion to you, but "So sad: she is Sometimesthem. interested Lorraine more was I must. I suppose calm her Beneath and poise, there lies a if I must-—well,sorryin their their faces. than costumes depth like think, I really to that Ward,There something grief one that was was woe; and Of are be you you faithful—as troubled suit her mood, she wears a if Toof the type she'd she could choose love."rather She felt coat faultless—inwould air her wish.have Spanish-y A of that. indigo. proud Of

it; that.about adore would Ward

He always insisted that if he ever She dances with the winds: He was silent for a moment.

lost his heart it would be to a SenorUpon each outstretched arm, a thousand Then gems "I'm coming over to see you."

crystal clear,ita—and Lorraine was the most ravFlash

ishing one he'd ever seen! About her heart she drapes a filmy net "You won't see me. Ladies have

Her eye ran over the captions. Of gossamer. privileges, Ward. They may be

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

Lazy Morning

'out'when a gentleman calls. Or OUR ADVERTISING POLICY

they may have perfectly terrible headaches and can't see anyone."Y\Tmi:E The Improvement Era does not take the responsibility of

"You're—being absurd,"he said. endorsing or guaranteeing any of the products or services adSomehow she knew that he had vertised in its columns, every effort and care is exercised to see that

been about to say, "You're jealous."only the most reliable business institutions appear in this magazine.

"Think so? Well, I'm being

myself. And I find, Ward—-"she The Era does not accept advertising for internal medicinal

herself telling as him, aswas

it find remedies, for tea, coffee, tobacco or liquors, or for any products truth—"Iwell was theand knew

directly or indirectly pertinent to the use of these prohibited com-—I like me. So sorry to have annoyed you. Goodbye!"modities.

Waiting barely long enough to be sure the connection was broken, The Improvement Era specifically reserves the right to exclude she"Listen—I'vecalled Hal. just broken the."date any advertising from its columns.I had for tonight. "If you—Following is an index of advertisers appearing in this issue:

"What time can I come? Gosh,

it'll be good to see you!"All eagerBrigham Young University 186 Henager's Business College 191

ness, as she had known he would be. Butterick Patterns 187 Lewis, Mose 190

"It'll be rather nice to see you, Cortina Academy 190 Martin Coal Co. 189

too, you know,"she laughed. Good Deseret Book Company Midwestern Dairy Products 186

old Hal. Not a pose or a deceit Inside Front Cover Quish School of Beauty Culture....l88

in him; he was as aboveboard as Deseret Mortuary - 186 Scharffs, Horst. - 189

daylight. He might never have Deseret News Press 188 Utah High School of Beauty Culsome of the accomplishments that Eastman Kodak Co. 190 ture - 186

191Ward had, but he would always be Grant, Heber J. & Co 187 Utah Oil Refining Co

wholesome and safe—and loyal. She

liked that idea, suddenly. It was The advertisers who appear in The Improvement Era merit

something that Evelyn Trent could your patronage. Kindly mention this magazine when responding

never have!—that assurance of her to these advertisements.

man's loyalty.

Beginning soon "The Improvement Era"will carry a page for.Lorraine's mother came, Advertisers and the Home, which will feature a practical service

bringing the light breakfast which

Lorraine had quite forgotten asking to women through the cooperation of firms who use the columns for. of the "Era"to acquaint you with their products.

"Becky had to hurry to get to SundaySchool,"she stated in her queer toneless way. "And I couldn't

come up any sooner."MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

"That's all right. I'd have come (Concluded from page 172)

down if I'd realized it was so late."

Lorraine eyed her mother closely; From the scriptures we learn that other Spirit, known as the Light of

proSpirit the Christ, Truth, Spirit, or of as which of known Personage crying. "Sitshe'd down, the been

is of the presence "forth the ceeds from Ghost, God Spirit or Holy of God, while."let's talk for a littleMums; fill of space."to the This immensity that third the Godhead, and of member

"I've got to get the dinner by the laying on of hands of one in spirit is not a personage, but an esstarted."authority, men and women receive the sence, substance, or influence, which

Here—tell"I'll be downme andwhathelp,you'vein a beenjiffy. sioncompanionshipof which isofto thisguideSpirit,themtheintomisall givesthroughlife whichto all things.the AlmightyIt is the powerworks

crying about."truth; to protect them against evil and in the creation of worlds and through

Ma turned her face away. teach them the things of the kingdom which they are governed. It also

intelligence the of quickens man and of God. Moreover, that there is an- "Out it!—Money, again?"its will, influence will and if he heed "Isn't withit—usually—money?"of fulness teachings, the lead him to

be. to needed "Seems What's truth, can, the or Gospel. and Men HYMN

this time?"rebel in do, cases the of majority Grace Kaye By in the waterjacket the "Oh, this to refuse Spirit against hearken and "Defore stove'skitchen a real sprung bad its not therefore are to teachings, they door."*J Theleak, and—Of joy can stand unsealed led to the light of the Gospel. Most

"Well, tell you what, Mums. I The heart and soul must yield men love darkness rather than light

all sacred of Godliness herb of are persuaded and enemy by theI of getting thinking a you was of lowliness the pores new TheirUnto teachings to forsake the righteousness for heater yourgas range and water In beast man. and Spirit they of the Christ hence of and

clay's plan just getbirthday, so we'll 'em here The own in of sin because the bondage "true brotherhood remain Decrees...a little early. Tomorrow."not come repent and they do."life's begets good."Alone "You—can't afford—Behold! Its name Christ where His Spirit would, if untothey

(Concluded on page 186) Breathes Joy to flame! were willing to heed it, lead them.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

LAZY MORNING (Concluded from page 185) "You see if I can't. Why, I've "It's high time you had a few modbeneath her fingers. They fell right

got quite a bit saved towards em ern conveniences around here."onto Evelyn Trent's picture, Lor-

—whatalready."a Thatglorious"emancipationway to usefund"it! eyes—butMa raisedtwoa tearsrough slippedhand todownher rainesmudgehadtheyto made.chuckle, seeing the

l| ||. ii!> H—M || n || | t u t l II—It II II It >l- "Oh, look, Ma. You see this?

the girl Ward Brooks is i! It's—it's

going to marry."

I fear TWOTHIRDS OF A YEAR'S faces. The WORK Queer—mothers'

I they and relief and bewilderment JjL Can Be Finished * could"You—knew,betray, all before?"at once! BY FALL! "Sure."Lorraine told another lie

glibly, feeling certain that it was not

Spring Quarter mentdaythe sort thatterrorswould forholdher.any judg-"For

Begins some time. Of course, now that it's

March 23 announced, I'm not having any more dates with him."

Summer Quarter Ma plucked at a rough place in

Begins the bedspread. "I was—so afraid that—it's June 15 sofor easyyou, forhoney.girls toMengetlikehurt."

"Not me. I know my way around.

SPRING AND SUMMER ARE GROWING SEASONS And—I honestly don't envy that girl

very much. I wouldn't give Hal for

a dozen of Ward Brooks. Hal will

be over this afternoon, Ma. Say

could I ask him to dinner?"BRiGinunG unniY "Sure. We all like Hal. I'd betPROVO, UTAH -n II - i ter be getting things started—"but

Ma made no move towards leaving her place on the edge of the bed.

NATURE'S MOST side.Lorraine"I'll slippedcome rightout downthe otherand help,"she said briskly—with never PERFECT FOOD a suggestion of the languorous lady

AND in her words or movements. "This room—is so pretty, Lorraine. I could sit here forever, just ECONOMICAL TOO

enjoying it."

Lorraine glanced about with disFOR HOME DELIVERY—PHONE taste. "I made it a little too fussy,

I'm afraid. I believe it would seem

larger, and cooler for summer, if I took down some of these drapes and threw out some of the ornaments. ARDEN DAIRY have to have things Funny—you

really don't to awhile find out you p—ri—hwm i it ii—if - tl... - n——ii—like sure even you were them when

The Utah High j youcushionswould.or quiltsCouldn'tor somethingwe makeout

School of Beauty i of the curtains I decide to take out?"

to use that of "Lots ma- I ways MORTUARlf! PESERET Culture

it. I'll all right. I think about i 121 STREET SOUTH MAIN

I Service, Above All Floor 2nd comfort, Lor- a such,r,P 1 terial,You—you're that you would Learn make a profession

I raine. don't we'd do what. know life. rest of your the for independent

! Special. Investigate our February A | faltered. you,"without Ma of course 9 Beauty complete months'j

crept for $50.00. LorCulture only glow up from A warm

Catalog:. for Write in j raine's a heart blossomed and

i This Mail Coupon smile on her lips.

Name i "Oh, I'm not so much, Mums.

Address i Anyone who'll lie in bed till nearly! It's disgusting, City j eleven o'clock—

provide and board to room f We can almost. I—I ought to be ashamed students out of town | i I of myself!"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

How a Smart Fox Lost His Freedom (Continued {com page 157)

returned to where the rabbit with a leather thong around his neck was struggling from the swaying limb of \ because hare alder bush.a tall The feet "Butterick sure three his aboutof weight hung

above the ground. Crop Ear, surprised at getting such an easy meal spoilsyou for any

stood upon her hind legs and quickly ff strangling the cord fromsnipped the other pattern therabbit. ground as it hit As soon

Kiyee neatly broke its neck.

Kiyee and Crop Ear soon develThis is an excerpt from an unoped a method which in its simplicity solicited letter we received. We're

caused them to become lazy in their proud to say that we get many hunting activities. As there were such letters from, contented users

about fifty rabbit jerk snares set by of Butterick Patterns.

the two trappers along the trail, all The Deltor instruction sheet in the two foxes had to do was to flush each Butterick Pattern is an amazthe hares out of the brush and start ing help to a woman. Each Deltor

is patparticularly the for made trail the traps. into thethem down

Buttenck it tern accompanies. woman One rabcaught snares or threeIf two

I us: bought 6647 I/ wrote leftbits, hanging "Why—when by foxes them the

the neck until they were disposed to a Butterick Pattern it made everyeat them. With this cleverness in thing so easy that it didn't seem

getting game they were again well like dressmaking. All I had to

fed and sleek; but with this ease in do was follow instructions."

obtaining food also came the danger The dress sketched here, Butterof false security. ick 6647, is an example of the

perfection of style you receive

WNE midwinter morning withstructionperfectionin Butterickof cutPatterns.and incrisp and clear the door of the cabin

opened and Jean Le Blondeau, breathing deeply, stepped out intothe snow. BUTTERICK

"Ah! But dese air she feel good. "STYLE LEADERS OF THE WORLD"

She weel be one very fine day.

Hurree weeth dee breakfast, Tom.

Today we go down dese lake to see dee rabbit snares we set last month.

Dee rabbits weel be froze by now eef wee have good luck."

"How does everything look, Jean?""She look fine, Tom. Thee world

ees beautiful thees fine morning."

After a hurried breakfast, the two men stepped into their snowshoes and started down the shores of thelake to their rabbit snares. As they INSURE

crunched along in single file, they Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

commented on the various small animal signs in the snow. Coming

out of the heavy timber into themore open alder brush country the INSURE tracks of various small animals beYour animals while in transit to market.

came more and more plentiful.

Beaten rabbit trails ran in and out Let us quote you rates.

among the alder bushes. Occasionally the men would see thetracks of a nervous weasel dogging HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY

the trail of some luckless rabbit. 20 So. Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

After several hours of tramping through the deep snow the two trap187

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

ii m—ii ii.

HOW A SMART FOX LOST HIS FREEDOM

first their of the came uponAgain The pers Kilater weeks Several they rabbit snares. approached As

in one Ear awoke of the yee and Crop the snare they aware became crevice their an beneath dens in a that leather the thong fact thatDeseret News of cliff far from not overhanging limb bent springy and held a once their grounds. favorite feeding freely taut blowing back was nowScores—his lying Crop with head on Kiyee five in or forth wind. the Four and highest the in upholding lazily. His stretched arose and Ear all anicovered inches of had snow ideals and tiny he jaws whiskered opened and at snare the so signs around mal to brings public bright curling red tongue service—Itof journalism a yawned,

first discern could the trappers not the Intermountain West little teeth. sharp between He it. creature broken At had what

first they thought that a wandering sleepily padded over to the opening lynx had committed the theft, but of the crevice and gazed out into the as Jean brushed away some of the great white world. Spruce and hemthe weight beneath trees sagged unlock soon he a snowshoe snow with Philadelphia hills fallen the snow. Over of new fur. rabbit a piece of bloody covered

the stained northern of the sun Symphony Beneathdefined foxthis track.piece of fur was a well far to the southward the last rays clouds a crimof banks fluffy snow

"Bah! Eet ees dat sleek fox. He son hue. Above the great jagged

steal to the the sky eastward our snares, Tom. He rob us. mountains Orchestra Bah!"sign of sure a a cold grew cobalt, of 105 men

"That isn't bad luck, Jean. That's Arctic night.

Conducted by good luck. Now we know just Kiyee sniffed the frigid air

LEOPOLD STOKOWSKY where he is hunting. Soon we shall hungrily. It had been snowing for

the greatest musical aggregation catch him, Jean."some time and he was hungry. He ever to tour the West—"Dat ees right, Tom. Now we padded back into the den and

One appearance at the soon catch dat sleek fellar."nudged Crop Ear with his sharp

"He must have been pretty little nose. When she did not stir,

Salt Lake Tabernacle hungry to rob a snare. Usually a he nipped her slightly. She awoke

wild fox prefers live food."and yawned, arose, stretched, and Tuesday, May 5, 1936 "We now go on to dee next snare, then padded to the mouth of the cave

at 8:15 p. m. Tom. Maybe dat sleek fellar play with her mate. Kiyee led the way

Never before has such an opporweeth dat one too."and the two foxes began their quest

tunity been offered to intermountain After Jean fastened his webs to for food.

music lovers* his feet they plodded on to the next Kiyee and Crop Ear worked their

Mail orders open March 7 snare. way down to the shores of the lake.

"Why, the little sneak. He has Once Kiyee sat back on his haunches

happily. anCrop barked Ear and this exclaimed robbed one too,"all seats tax, including Prices adjoining from an him swered lorn. reserved: creatures the of wilds The een to ravine. good. "Dat ees He get center $2,80First main floor 27 rows of in stirred the mysteriously depths

Next 20 rows main floor center 2,24 trouble yet."the surrounding forest. In the disCenter of balcony 2.24 Each succeeding snare that the tance a Great Horned Owl hooted

Sides of balcony 1.68 two trappers visited had been robsavagely. To Kiyee's sharp ears

Sides underneath balcony 1*12 bed. When they approached the came the deep mournful howl of a

it Concert, (Address Deseret last Symphony that snare they was found spruce the lone timber wolf high on selfaddressed stamped, Enclose News. this still intact. snare stood Beside serrated ridges. the Over covered envelope.

an old stump, the relic of some byhills to the east the golden Alaskan gone woodchopper. Without commoon arose in splendor.

ment Tom Birden released the snare. Kiyee and Crop Ear traveled BE INDEPENDENT With an angry swish the bent limb swiftly because the snow had been

No Other Vocation So Profitable! snapped upward. Then, pulling the damp and now the intense cold had

ENROLL NOW limb back to its original position over deeply crusted it so that it easily

For a Complete Course at the the snare stakes, Tom baited the sustained their weight. They hunted

loop with a rabbit that they had shot as they usually did, each one zigQuish School of Beauty Culture earlier in the morning. Jean then zagging back and forth across the

The Best in the West unslung his pack and found a numbrush flats and meadows near the

BIdg. the trap. 304-9 three fox cocked Thompson Ezra ber He lake. Ear of the shore Crop Soon CITY, UTAH LAKE SALT it laid the of trap the top on and rabbit large she Arctic but flushed a Information Further For he chain the stump. Concealing failed the catch because to him snow Call Catalog and it into of the at the spike end drove or 7560 that the padding Wasatch packed hard so was

Fill in This the bottom of the stump. of her feet betrayed her presence.

Coupon "Dat fox ees lazy, Tom. We Several times had she failed to catch

weel catch heem een two or three these alert creatures and now she weeks."was exceedingly hungry. Hunting

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

HOW A SMART FOX LOST HIS FREEDOM EXTREMELY LOWthe brush flats the two foxes had satisfied until they caught that blacknow approached the vicinity of the silver fox with the pelt worth almost FIRST COST AND rabbit snares. dollars. Since the foxes three hundred two MOST ECONOMIhungry, they verywere became cold morning near the middle Oneslightly careless in their actions. of January Jean Le Blondeau and CAL TO OPERATE

Suddenly Kiyee caught scent of Tom Birden started out to visit their flesh. that His keen nose told him snares. rabbit they approached As

to forced him Hungerit was dead. the trap, a wild shout. out Jean let

investigate. joined Ear Soon Crop "We got heem, Tom. We got ECLIPSE aid her discovered hehim. With a heem."Automatic Water

itsrabbit neck, hanging swaying by in the breeze. Kiyee stood upon Tom and Jean hurried to the pitiHeaters

ful fox, half frozen to death it.his legs to hind reach and tried and Stoker hot water 24 hours feed—scalding

terribly frightened. were What ten, a day for family of at less failed than high. because too it wasHe

He had a queer sense of foreboding these cruel man creatures going to $2.00 per month.

so he circled around it warily. Crop do now? Kiyee shuddered at the

Ear seemed uneasy also. Something vileness of their scent. His paw was Ideal for

was warning her to be careful. But terribly numb and he was sick. Long CHICKEN BROODERS

both were hungry. Here was meat. ago he had resigned himself to his APARTMENTS

Hadn't they already eaten these fate. He lay there straining the HOMES

queer rabbits that hung themselves chain to its greatest length and or hot water heating for any purpose by the neck? Yet something warned looking pitifully at the two man

Kiyee to be careful. Again he circreatures over his sharp little whiscled warily. Then throwing all caukered nose. ECLIPSE STOKERS

tion to the winds he ran up the Jean Le Blondeau was preparing for most economical home heating fallen log the and jumped upon to strike suffering the the fox on

The home of Dependable Coal and Stokers in rabbit. to reach thestump an effort killing in short with a nose at stick used Right Prices

With an angry metallic snap the such animals on a trap line. Tomcruel jaws of the trap closed around Birden clutched his arm, "Hey, Jean. MARTIN COAL CO.

his front leg. He struggled franWait a minute. "Let's catch him 49 S. Main Phone Wasatch44080520S. 4th Westtically. He fell off the stump. He alive. We can build a pen for him

bolted and fought and still that cruel and catch a female and raise foxes.

clawlike thing clung to his foot. He Why didn't we think of that bepaused in his wild struggling. He fore?''

whined pitifully for Crop Ear. She "Dat ees a good idea, Tom, we

was nowhere to be seen. At the weel raise foxes. Why don't we

first snap of the trap she had bolted. theenk of dat before!"

Kiyee tried to gnaw his leg free.

off his Birden coat took then Tom frantically. fought andHe struggled

it Kiyee. threw over and KiyeeThis so he made his go numb paw

ceased his wild actions and resigned struggled hopelessly with what himself to his fate. strength he had left. His foot was

numb. He lay panting. Tom Birden held the fox down with his coat

T,.he two trappers were while Jean Le Blondeau released the

busy these cold days. Each day trap from its foot. Wrapping the

they would trek over twelve to fox up in the coat so that he couldn't fifteen miles of trapline. The first struggle free they hurried back to A beautiful story of parental wisdom, narrating how two parents cabin. ridge the climb theyday would and the unfolded the highest ideals of

circle to the north a wide andmake chastity, life's origin, the saand reaching the cabin they Upon cabin. to theback second day of marriage The to their chilin until locked the fox they could dren.credness tothey lake the would around go the build poles. a of spruce pen When Written one by believes that who rebaitside lake the of westeast and the greatest of the is placed pen they completed all virtues was the

ing resetting the traps, gatherand unquenchable desire for purity it. in captive Kiyee fox paced The and this likely ining furs wisdom, is for looking book and provrestlessly. forth back and Kiyee of had ing great help to parents who to set traps.places other They his lost forever. freedom their children want early to realrabbitvisited the snares about once this ize ideal.

every three weeks. This was because they always had a good supply Order now

of meat on hand. So successful Today on the shores of the beauBoxUtah 1664PublishingSalt LakeHouseCity, Utah

were they in their work that the tiful Chilkat Lake there stand two thePleasebook send"Life'smeOrigin."for the enclosed $1.00

rafters in the fur cellar hung with large rambling log houses. Behind

many pelts of marten, lynx, wolf, these houses there are hundreds of Name

Address muskrat,mink, ermine, a few and fox Birden and Jean pens. Tom

City State:...

pelts.cross fox yet business Le Blondeau have As made a Tom Birden Use Coupon

and Jean Le Blondeau were not of raising foxes.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

MOVING MOUNTAINS (Continued from page 153) EVERYTHING

PHOTOGRAPHIC "That means the...!"Bob ren, galeswept ocean of desolate

paused significantly, a lump settling ice, finally to win out to a small in his throat. whaling camp and safety. EASTMAN "The Ice!"Dan finished, his face Then there was the Russian Arcashen in the candle light. tic Expedition, under Lieutenant

"I'm afraid so,"said old Spike, as Broussilov in 1912. Broussilov's

he moved over and pulled the blanship, the "Saint Anna,"was caught ket back a little from the cave enin the ice in the Kara Sea. For

trance and peered out into the howlnearly two years the doomed vessel KcM INC. ing gale a moment. Then he let drifted North with the ice, covering STORES

155 South Main Street the blanket fall back in place and only three miles a day, until finally

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH turned. Broussilov dispatched fourteen men

"I had hoped the berg would drift over the ice to the Southward toon Southward and take us to safety, ward some islands seventy miles

from the returned to the icebound ship after *-> FRENCH butNorth."the stormHe camehas turnedaway her due away. Three of the fourteen men

entrance and sat down on a case covering twentysix miles. Only

SPANISHGERMANITALIAN of canned beef. His face was a two of the 14 men dispatched won

This Easy Way! At Once—picture of deep anxiety. through. They were picked up by grinned, up, old top,"the expedition another Bob North- "Cheer on

It's belief almost beyond how easily learn speak you later. anxiety the Island was for man's knowing brook months What SPANISHto FRENCH, GERMAN,can

Cortina with or ITALIAN as his himself. tough Broussilov of comand "We're and became Dan in Thousandsthe ShortCut Method.

learned.all walks of life have quickly oxhide."panions who stayed aboard the driftto If more you make want it ing, remains Saint Dan. tanned,"icebound added Anna "And

if a better powant you money—

greater developmental—pull silent, icy to to secret the of might have be a deep "You life enjoyment of greater

position, if social or you higher sitionment——solthis,"said old Spike wastes. through

travel, learn speak to want it.a tocan language. do foreign You the for emnly. headed "We're that the of shriek was wind easily, thoroughly, quickly, The with Cortina Count ma ShortCut the Method. Cortina the fastness of bleak, icebound the interrupted driving North, them just wishing you on Don't

tells Free book DUUnDDDU regions could.YOU Arctic somewhere rpCXmCL extreme the In boys. of the thoughts two Mail keepCAN.this at book, coupon for amazing once

Cortina how!"The ShortCut,"island which icy the of northeast east or lull increasever followed, the which tells you learn you to how can

speak a foreign at once. language of Spitzbergen."grinding icefloes ing heard could be Address, Cortina Aeademy,

40th Street, 105 West Y. N. C. #*0A> berg, the but the of against the sides old seaman was silent a moThe

it CORTINA ACADEMY, the on, do pushing tJNA then icy he resumed: ment, monster plowed "What SUITE /"V.S 225-R *U+i

St., 40th 105 W. N.Y.C. iF/'; ice?"in the the he aside ice about of boys chunks huge know you

there obligation no *W<f fyfifati part isbuy you effort. "PaPCH: apparent asked. with darkness no Sincemysend onmay Book, meto!o1the "TheWjSf/j

Cortina ShortCut Foreign FREEanything,to Speaking out peered over and Bob moved it,"about read Bob re- I "We've Languages."particularly in interested am

D French D German D Spanish Italian turned. through a crack in the blanket. All

NameThe old seaman nodded underwas a gray, heaving mass without.

Address. standing, and was silent again. intervalsSnow stunggreathisblocksface. ofAtice,frequentsnowy

white, rose momentarily like gray

JJOB exchanged a long ghosts beside their berg, only to fall held a look which with Dan; For look Headquarters the of into again many one away

their mirth. was minds Through no surthe valleys shifting on dark and Antarctic Arctic flashing Latterday Saints the and ocean. face of heaving the

Garments about.Expeditions which they had read Bob trembled at the vast display

FROM FACTORY TO YOU There was the "British Imperial of unconquerable power. One morose on they were berg ment the Solicit Mail Orders Your We in 1914 Expedition'TransAntarctic

Ladies'Men's and Wt. No. 88. a of heights to the giddy his upward Style $.65 With by Sir Ernest Shackleton. Lt.New

89. next Men's and Ladies'the sinking Med. Wt. No. to go in wavetop; set fast ship Endurance good 1.10 New Style valley between. into wallowing a 1.35 80. Back Double Men's Wt. Heavy No. Antarcmiles of of heavy thousands Double 81. Old Style Heavy Wt. No. the deckradio from words The 1.50 floes, tic ice; Back miles wide, the weird

Styles.....85 87. Lt. Old and Wt. fearstricken No. his New to mind: flashed her against continuously pressing Gar85. NonRun Very No. even always, with you "Lo, to I am Guaranteed Not ments——Special pressides with strong 1.10 earth."of the the Almost unto ends LaLt. 84. and Men's Wt. No. Med. sures, Shackleton waited—waitedmillionton Style, dies'Double Combthe New whispered desperately Bob to for the when waited.85 come moment Fine Yarn, ed Extra

his to soothe tr bust, seemed words. ordering, your pecify unk They S when the his ship under crumple would style, old or length, and ant whether new to cause nerves; trembling seemed tage ladies'. Pos or Pay men's We greatice- pressure, the awful and

States. United the rwhere in ifAn to turmoil before him the heaving their become ocean would covered

came. lose some of its tearfulness. only home. moment The LEWIS MOSE ship of the ST. was crushed The hull 14 SO. MAIN

CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH of old like Spike for months voice an eggshell. Then Ihe

this seeing mention Please the cave aboard, from Ad in th is the twentyeight lived brought him away men Magazine and fought along on the bleak, barentrance.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, MARCH, 1936

MOVING MOUNTAINS "Let's eat and then get some numerous. Hour after hour passed, 329 Calls

sleep, boys,"he said. "This berg and always, the berg plowed

-will plow North as long as the waves Northward—ever Northward FOR OFFICE HELP

it thatpush way and as long as the through the Arctic upheaval. Is The 1935 Employment loose."ice remains

(To be Continued) Record of Henager's They made a meal of sardines, bread, and canned tomatoes. Then Everytion andgraduatethe schoolhas beenhas beenplacedunablein a goodto fillposiall

placing the boxes of canned foods the positions open.

Iflat, and side by side along the right INCLINED THAT WAY wall of their fifteen foot cave, they spread blankets over them for a bed. By Bess Foster Smith

"The boxes will keep us off the floor so the warmth of our bodies T'm sure that if someone should come won't melt the ice under us and get along, us wet."explained old Spike. Inclined to be gay

Each rolling in three or four blan- I'd soon be singing snatches of his song kets, they lay down on their bed of For I'm that way.

boxes, and were soon sleeping soundly in spite of the storm. The But if someone should heave a heavy sigh,

fatigue of the eighteen hours'work Bound to be blue, on the Banaza's engine had been I'd soon be wiping tear drops from my eye, forgotten momentarily in the excite- I'm that way too. NOW is an excellent time to enroll. New classes

transferring of themselves start eachment enrolling: Students Monday. now if a lover, to And false, should pass my way, finish at a time are when a smaller numberthe berg, weariness rebut now their graduating, and consequently, leave have a better me flat And

turned, causing them to sleep quickof Efficient a position. training: in given forget I would him too within a day, allchoice subjects. commercial Completion of a coursely and deeply.

I that. will best possible the investment. be or Write am like

While without the storm raged on; phone to HENAGER BUSINESS COLLEGE, 45

the berg, rising and falling, climbed But if someone should really love me so Eastwill beBroadway,mailed Was.without2753,obligation.for new catalogIt willwhichpay

wave after wave. The gale howled I knew it was true, you to get the best in commercial training. Mendesolately, and the huge blocks of I'd never, never, never, let him go tion "Era"in writing for information. Visitors

icefloes became steadily more I'm that way, aren't you? welcome any time.

It's a Pleasure The service men at Pep 88—Vico stations are

trained to promptly take care of your windshield, radiator, battery, tires.

Motorists tell us they like to patronize our stations not only because of the cheerful and helpful service, but also because of the superior quality of Pep 88 climatecontrolled gasoline and Vico motor oil... the famous teammates in power.

There's a Pep 88Vico station in your neighborhood.

Drive in for real service!

UTAH OIL REFINING CO. SERVICE

Hundreds of Stations and Dealers in Utah and Idaho

Distributors of Atlas Tires, Batteries, Accessories... and Stanolind Products

m

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY ERA APPEALS ALSO TO NONMEMBERS of Mission, States Church Eastern in sofa; the the as the value has a a same Apostle—the Saints Latterday of Christ Jesus is is of; silent. t in the Pronounce the short as word o

Drive, Riverside 1 55 it pos. syllables, the accent three in with on

City, Y. N. York New the dictionary gives the which that of part Gazeteer—is 1935. 26, November cities, countries, of location the pronunciation and proper

Editor: Dear is items. one short a rivers, geographical a other and The

directors is the to of given one a statement Era Enclosed in first is like the e cat; word in the the the e as second word

is not Miller, this in a Mission, by Melvin who man M. eat. e in last the e's the recent; the of sound have two

enthusiastic been has an of the who> but Church, a member the free word with used be should never Gratis—meaning years. for to the subscriber many Era It with as free also pronounced accompaniment. an should be

to you. the a as in the wTord ate and the i as in the word it. We hope it is of valueSincerely,

Oliver Smith.

ERA POETRY Y. M. M. I. A. Supervisor.

Excerpt from letter sent in with request for material: "I have taken The Improvement Era for about eighteen

Alpine, Arizona. years, and find it very uplifting, helpful, and good. The

Am putting forth every effort I can to make this the very best of Christian reading. It should be in every home.

people history in because ward, the our biggest of year of shining set example a people the world You Mormon uplifted. I read continually not be can't the and read Era all. followed well Christian virtuous living might be by which

of it almost appreciate every word to and cover from cover present to views opportunity great your paper "Your is a it. poetry appreciate to love and taught has me Era The to the public everywhere.

where teachers failed. divinely inspired have or it could not must be "The Era

Sincerely, its carried message out so long endured so successfully and

Arville Burgess. to the World."

1 i -t (Signed) Joseph T. Cressy.

CHARM ARTICLES PRAISED Massachusetts.

2025 Garnet Street 1 1 -f Regina, Sask.

November 28, 1935 ERA SENT TO U. S. AUTHORITIES

Dear Editor:

have greatly enjoyed your articles in The Improvement February 5, 1936.

Editor: Dear wondering of Challenge and Charm"am "The I Era entitled have just sent a copy of the January Era to the following in printed articles these to intention it is your have whether I people is and written form. a "Gem"booklet have Each article you

cannot help raising the standard of living and culture of Honorable Homer S. Cummings, the United States Attorney

General. them. read those who

Honorable J. Edgar Hoover, Chief of the Bureau of Inarticles comthese having that I suggest you consider May

vestigation. in the good faith into'piled booklet, small and to show a my

they will do, I will hereby put in my order for twentyfive Honorable Clyde A. Tolson, Department of Justice.

copies. Honorable Harold M. Stephens, our Utah Associate Justice

The Improvement Era is the best magazine that comes into of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of

Columbia. and faithpromoting, the articles are always our home and To each of these men I have called his attention to Dr. the dealt with one abreast of of subjects keeps the variety

times. Beeley's article on page 18.

Yours very truly, With best wishes, I am,

G. Gordon Whyte. Sincerely yours,

Elbert D. Thomas.

(Dr. Beeley's article "A Ten Point Program for Crime

OVER THE TOP! Control"appeared in the January Era and deserves careful

Dear Editor: reading and rereading by all people who are concerned in

"Drother A. W. Garfield of the Harrisville Ward, North lessening crime throughout the world.)

*-"Weber Stake, reports to this office that he has now 200% of his quota. With a quota of twentyfive he has turned i i i

in fiftyone subscriptions. Dear Sir:

Brother Garfield reports that his ward reached its quota T want to express my,.most sincere appreciation for the very

before Era Week started, and that at the start of the cam- * lovely poetry you publish each month. Some of them

paign they voluntarily changed their quota from twentyfive to express truly wonderful thoughts and sentiments. I think

fifty. He states further that all the ward Mutual officers and our Gracious Father is more than pleased with them.

teachers and the Bishopric voluntarily presented him with Sincerely yours, their subscriptions without solicitation. Miss Clotele Olson.

After receiving these subscriptions, Brother Garfield made a house to house canvass starting with the heads of the the organizations through various memand worked down publisher the murmured. Choice. "H'm,""Your Second only there reports that are organization. berships of each He

I of indistinct these read hardly handwriting's can so poems families the in 75 he has and ward Improvement The bringing didn't them Era yours. type them before you "Why in fiftyone them. of

to me?"Orton. K. J.

think 'em?"poet gasped. the wouldbe "D'you "Type

f -f i I'd if I could type?"writing poetry waste my time

THANK YOU! Des Moines Register.

HPhe Improvement Era is getting to be one of the most * attractive and "readable"publications of the month.

Congratulations and renewed best wishes. Where they kiss and make up, she gets the kiss and he

Lalia Mitchell Thornton. gets the makeup.- George Storm.

One Hundred Years of Temple Building

Will be Commemorated in the APRIL ISSUE OF

Coincident with the OneHundredth Anniversary of the

Dedication of the Kirtland Temple.

THE TEMPLE ANNIVERSARY ISSUE OF THE ERA WILL OFFER:

A specially prepared editorial by The ImproveThe History of Temples—Ancient and Modern,

ment Era's Editorin-Chief—President Heber by Elder J. M. Sjodahl.

J. Grant.

Youth and Temple Work—A statement of a

A Discussion of the Century's Temple Activity, currently important phase of Temple activity by Elder George F. Richards, President of by the General Board of the Young Women's

the Salt Lake Temple. Mutual Improvement Association.

An Article Dealing with the "Mission of the "Temple Work Helps the Living,"by Elder

Kirtland Temple,"by Elder Joseph Field- R, B. Summerhays.

ing Smith, Church Historian.

"Genealogy, An Adjunct to Temple Work,"by

Comment on a recent visit to the Kirtland Elder Archibald F. Bennett, Secretary of the

Temple, by Elder Melvin J. Ballard of the Genealogical Society of Utah.

Council of the Twelve. And

A Special Editorial by Dr. John A. Widtsoe A Description of the Temple Index Bureau.

Editor of The Improvement Era.

A Message from each Temple President.

"Marriage for Eternity"—A treatment of this vitally important subject by the General Pictorial treatments of Temples—Ancient and

Board of the Relief Society. Modern.

The April issue of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will long be referred to for information and inspiration on Latterday Temple activity.

If your friends or neighbors are not now receiving the ERA in their homes, we recommend the April issue for the beginning of new subscriptions.

WHEN YOU VIEW THE GREAT BOULDER DAM

YOU LOOK UPON THE ENGINEERING ACHIEVEMENT OF THE AGE

BOULDER DAM SERVICE IUREAU

OUR TRADE MARK DOES NOT APPEAR ON THE DAM ITSELF, YET IS

SYMBOLIC IN SO MANY RESPECT, REPRESENTING AS IT DOES AN

INSTITUTION OF AND STRENGTH ENDURANCE BOTH ARE MONUMENTS DESIGNED FOR CONSERVATION FOR THE FUTURE.

THE DAM HAS BEEN COMPLETED AND ACCEPTED BY THE GOVERNMENTLET

US COMPLETE YOUR FINANCIAL PROGRAM FOR THE FUTURE OF YOUR

FAMILY. YOU JUST CAN'T FIND A SAFER, MORE PROFITABLE INVESTMENT

THAN BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CONTRACTS PROVIDEIF YOU CAN'T SAVE TO BUY INSURANCE, BUY INSURANCE TO SAVE

HEBER J. GRANT ORVAL W. ADAMS EARL W. PEIRCE

President & Director Director Asst. Treasurer

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. STEPHEN L. CHIMAH EUGENE P. WATKI1S

1st VicePres. & Dir. Director Sup. R. E. Loan Deit.

DAVID 0. McKAY

2nd VicePres. & Dir. E. DirectorT. RALPHS WALDOAgencyM.SupervisorANDERSOI

E. GEO. LEO J. CANNON D. PENROSE ASHBY BOYLE

Executive Asst. Secretary General Counsel VicePres. & ir.lMSBBAMCB AXEL B. C. 0HLS0N VIRGIL H. SMITH W. R. CALDERW00D

Secretary & Director Asst. Secretary Medical Director

HOME OFFICE SALT LAKE CTTY JOS.DirectorFIELDING SMITH