7ImpraucmcntEra

m

mm

AUGUST 1949 Above: the new Beaconlaurelcrest Ward Chapel,

located at Romona Ave. and Twentyfirst East,

designed by Woods and Woods, architects, and built by Jensen Brothers Construction Company.

Constructed of No, 12 red stretcher facing brick.

EXPLORING

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A new chlorine compound can be suspended in a bag in the toilet reservoir which by treating the flushing water will keep the bowl free from stains and bacteria for six months with one chemical change.

HThe Sandoe bridge in Sweden has the longest concrete arch in the world with 866 feet long main arch of reinforced concrete. This 3,200yard-long bridge was opened in 1943

and carries the highway across the

Angerman river on the road between

Stockholm and Haparanda.

A new deodorant called "Metazene"which destroys odors by combining with the sulfur and nitrogen compounds which are responsible for so many unpleasant odors, instead of masking them, is undergoing final tests. The compound which is nonpoisonous and noninflammable and

noncorrosive can be sprayed into the air in a liquid mist under pressure gas. freon from

nuts are Tron being made in Europe DOUBLE YOUR by compacting powdered iron around a threaded insert, which when MONEY BACK unscrewed forms threads. The nut of If Town House Cookies are

iron powdered is then heated to bond not the best Chocolate together. the powder

Drop Cookies you ever Dole beans require 850 hours of tasted!

labor an acre man to produce this make amazing and We inharvest the Utah, most of any crop. cause believe that we offerTOWNbeOnions require four hundred, tomatoes HOUSE Chocolate Drop Cookies

two hundred, sweet corn one hundred, are the finest that money can buy.

and alfalfa about twentyfive hours olateThey'redrops,madefreshwithpecanloads nuts,of choclots of labor. of eggs, and they're the only

Tn some flies the increase of metabChocolatemarket containingDrop Cookiespure creameryon the olism in flight over that at rest may butter. Nothing but the finest ever

goes ChocoHOUSE into TOWN times, 100be for the moth and hawk

Cookies late Drop by Purity.bee about 40 times, with and a man in

satisare not If you completelystate of exertion extreme 10 to 14 times just return the unused porthat resting, of normal but man can tionfied, the of to Purity box Biscuit only maintain this for a few seconds at Co., Salt Lake or Phoenix—with

a time. The flight muscles of flying the name of your dealer, and we

insects twitch rapidly 160 to 200 times back,will giveplusyoupostage.double your money

a second in blowflies, 300 to 400 in some bees and wasps. A deft pianist Your grocer has these delicannot contact the muscles on the hand cious Chocolate Drop Cookies

more than 10 times a second. For the in the gleaming white packhawk moth to fly, a body temperature age—fresh from our ovens.

of 86 F. in the thorax is necessary

and so they have to warm up by vibrating their wings before trying to take off, in flight the temperature will exPURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake - Phoenix 104ceed F.

AUGUST 1949 H I 481

/llmproucmenriEr "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"1949 |S1|

lp*rrinrrir::j&pp3 VOLUME 52

jlllllf'flu NUMBER 8

'&3%&Z'A OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION,

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page Blessings for Youth George Albert Smith 493

Church Features Testimony: A Sacred Gift J. Reuben Clark, Jr, 495

The Meaning of Peter's Confession—II Sidney B. Sperry 496 Mission to Polynesia—-V Doyle L. Green 505

Evidences and Reconciliations: CXXXVII—Is Religion Needed in

an Age of Science? John A, Widtsoe 513

It Can Be Done 484 pointments 518

The Church Moves On 485 Melchizedek Priesthood 520

Departing Missionaries, April and NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 52

June 486 Presiding Bishopric's Page 522

Y. M. M. I. A. Honor Certificates Genealogy: Books of Remem- -Photograph by Gladys M. Relyea

brance, Roberts Forty Scouters R. 488 David Awarded 529 Summertime at the park

in PublicaThis with Conference Church Picture 490 Month June

Y. M. M. I. A. General Board Aptions 543

Special Features

"Youth That is Clean"Marilyn Oliver 494

Frederick Pingree 494 In the Good Old Summertime!—Let's Talk It Over....Mary Brentnall 499 Free Agency and Social Organization—The Church and Modern Society—Part VII G. Homer Durham 501 The Cover

L. Richard Square from Evans 509 Temple Spoken The Word in the mild rustle of the corn HPhe is the Safety Exploring Franklin Universe, Homing: Only Common

its golden breezes and -* August Sense, 514 S. Harris, Barney Schwartz 481 Jr

the typify ease and goodness beauty B. Corner, Cook's Josephine the Fear, and These this last of the that endear summer Times—Faith, 5 Nichols

Battle Durof Ideas, G. Homer is Fritz 1 months. This photograph by Hostesses Remember Jun483 Good ham and from Henle was Monkmeyer 515 C. Hicks.—ior, Helen

On the Bookrack 511 Your Page and Ours 544 adapted to cover use by Charles

Jacobsen.

Editorials Youth in Action Marba C Josephson 512

Era Writers'Conference Marba C. Josephson 512 Editors

Stories, Poetry George Albert Smith

A. John Widtsoe

of Little Faith Marilyn 503 Yarn Ye O Editor Managing the Firing Fort on R. Albert The 506 Lyman Line—XI L. Evans Richard

Iris of August, Clarence 500 The House Wisdom, Schow W.

Editor Assistant Managing Artist, Peach..502 Arthur Flynn Wallace 488 Edwin The

L. Doyle Green Rendezvous, Sadleir Nocturne, Beulah Giroux 515 Fabian 490 Huish J.

Poetry Page 492 Poem, Ruby Zagoren 519 Associate Editor

The Deepest Well, Dorothy J. Betrothed, Elizabeth Reeves HumMarba C. Josephson

Roberts 498 phreys 526 General Manager

Elbert R. Curtis

Executive and Editorial Offices: Associate Manager

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Bertha S. Reeder

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Business Manager

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ John D. Giles

of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a Editorial Associates

year, in advance; foreign subscription, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Elizabeth J. Moffitt

single copy. Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Entered at the Post Office, Sait Lake City, Utah, as secondclass

Director for Advertising provided matter. for mailing at special rate of postage Acceptance

Verl F. Scott

in section 1918. 1917, authorized of October July 2, 1 103, Act

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAITH, FEAR, AND THE BATTLE OF IDEAS

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM century. Those who refused to think FOR FROZEN MEATS

as the party directed were beaten,

Head of Political Science Department, killed, exiled, or frozen by fear into

University of Utah submissive silence. It is the history

of religious and political thought that AND GAME no man can be forced to think an- "\17hen the history of postwar Ameriother's thoughts against his will. He

ca, 194549, is written, it may may be persuaded, bribed, and beaten.

be recorded that the most widely adBut if he, like John Huss, St. Paul,

vertised item in the United States was Galileo, or Joan of Arc, insists on the communism. Every metropolitan newsintegrity of individual conscience,

paper gives it large free space in the death itself will not change his view.

news columns. Every columnist and The founders of the Church of Jesus

editorial writer fills his column with Christ of Latterday Saints well reexhortations. and From warnings this experience. pulmembered On August lock

intimate pit, luncheon radio, club, and 17, 1835, they adopted a declaration social circle issues a neverending of belief which stated:

stream of discussion. I think back on

my personal missionary We believe that no govWESTERN LOCKERAP locks in flavorful juices natural color exist and peace, in of ernment can only, If experience.

fish, frozen meats, fowl and game. Guard are except such laws lonely somehow, we choice your cuts against tasterobbing inviolate held framed and

missionaries loss moisture with the from waxed paper indiwill secure to as each designed expressly this for wrap propurpose could have "Utah"of free vidual exercise the...in freezers or lockers. rented home for publicity such duced conscience. C. (D.... &

our cause. If the 60,000 to 134:2.) For plus -perfect protection for your

75,000 communist "misfreezer -stored meats, WESTERN sionaries"in the United Governments, whether LOCKERAP has added 20% more protective coating. This assurmeans added are States human, of church or state, can how

that fresh ance your meats will retain in the is exult they of conscience daily features, exist where freedom must juices natural and color...WESTERN the free advertising, their movement violated—as witness the modern world LOCKERAP now seals more securely

receives! scene. But they do not exist in peace. than ever before against flavorstealing

As a result, the nature, tenets, and They are held together by fear, regisub-zero air. You save as it seals.

personalities of Russianinspired intermentation, thought control, and all the WESTERN LOCKERAP is now available al national communism are probably betarts of propaganda, secret police, and your grocer's or locker plant in buff and the ter known to the rising generation than neighbor spying upon neighbor. This new pearlywhite full bleached roll.

the nature, tenets, and personalities of is not peace. Persecution against conthe Christian religion, democracy, or science cannot be tolerated. From

of scientific development. It is possible Roger Williams down, this has been

that only Joe Palooka, Dick Tracy, the American inheritance. It may be

and Lil'Abner, their wills and ways, a hard thought to some, but freedom are as commonplace as the goings and of conscience, even for communists comings of Stalin, Molotov, Vishinsky, and their ilk, must be maintained in et al. This may not be actually true, America. This does not mean that

but the net impact of what daily fills communists are free to act contrary the air is certain to have some impresto the interests of law and good sion. order. But in the long run it is

as important for a communist to have '"Together with this phenomenal pubfreedom of conscience in America FREE colorful guide to help licity has grown an atmosphere of as it is for a noncommunist to have you prepare, protect and fear. Prominent speakers warn their freedom of conscience in Russia. The preserve your quickfrozen

women's club audiences about the cause of freedom in the world will not foods. Ask for it at your

"danger"to "American principles."be served should American government grocer's or locker plant.

Men and women in high places and suspend the Constitution, and force "dangerous"of everyone to think alike. are suspectedlow

contains Roll the discount ol ISO leetthoughts. No one can

WESTERN Russianinspired maof thedangers LOCKERAP.

IS, Choice of is called communism. thatterialist faith HPhe real menace attached to current 20 inch oi 24

But thinking citizens may well question communism, is the atmosphere widths.

whether fear, hysteria, loyalty investiof fear. No amount of patriotic

gations, and fulsome oaths are the way shouting about Americanism, no witch to combat such a menace. In any hunts through educational instituevent, totalitarian methods should be tions and public employments will

avoided in coping with the totalitarian compensate for the absence of a vital, menace. We should remember the living faith and atone for the presence

futility of the Inquisition. of fear. The combination of fear and

CO. PAPER WAXED communist publicity WESTERN of state Lenin and successful RussianHPhe PORTLAND SAN LEANDRO (whether favorable or unfavorable LOS ANGELES first onethe Stalin as appeared

party totalitarian state of the twentieth [Concluded on page 510) \. I

AUGUST 1949 483 DONT aSrw DRIVE

M Men and Gleaners are, reading from left to right, front row: Ruth Ann khees, Elna Dawn Kirk,

Joyce Dickemore, Ferol Cragun, Melba Johns, Laura Harris. Second row: Odeal Kirk, M Men leader; Nanette

Budge, Gwenda Cragun, Mildred Cragun, Gleaner leader; Delores Bernett, Gleana Marriot, LaVern Humphreys,

Dickemore, Bob Barett, Aldine Case, Levi Cragun, Luan Ferrin, Sylvia Bernett, Quin Call, Barbara

Elmer Bailey. NO TRAFFIC TROUBLES VilaDelbertTarren,Halliday,and Shirley Gerard, Ilia Stanly, Ida June Summers, Maurece Thinnes. Third row: Richard Cragun,

NO PARKING PROBLEMS

service, handy downFrequent IT CAN BE DONE depots, from and freedom town driving tension make shopping M Men and Gleaners of a general busyness stirred the or business trips a pleasure by ThePleasant View Ward, Ben Logroup. Members who before selGreyhound. You can go and remond Stake, have purchased and dom had come were now on the

the turn day. low fare** same The installed a new electric organ in job every week. Some folk disdollars save extra for shopping!

Relax in perfect comfort... entheir chapel. How they did it is couraged us, and some openly opjoy sightseeing, or visiting with marvelous to learn, for it sounds posed our project, but our deterfellow passengers. See your Greyas if they had the best time ever. mination was only strengthened by hound departure Agent about times on your next trip! Here is what one of their M Men, the opposition, and several weeks

. OiVEjlLA NO:;:,.'-><,- ->.'Luan Ferrin, stated: before Christmas we had our first

For as long as I can remember in event. This affair was in the form GREYHOUND the P. V. Ward, there has been an of a country store. A widely known

Operated by INTERSTATE TRANSIT LINES old standby. This old standby was entertainer, J. P. Herrick, consented

INC. PACIFIC STAGES, and UNION a reed organ which in the early to auction our produce. After we

days of our ward was the pride and sold everything from chickens to joy of the people. baled hay, we found we had taken

It was not a cheap organ but in $700.00. It was a very happy

one of the finest anywhere. Down group that planned the next event.

through the years when different We decided to have a vaudeville men were called in to tune the and began to sell tickets, but the organ, they always remarked on bishop told us we shouldn't, so we the fine workmanship and the clear turned back the $200.00, we had

tone quality of this old masterpiece. collected, and told the people who

It served as a center for religious came to give what they wanted. We

activities and was loved by all, took in $250.00. Then we had

young and old alike. picture shows which netted us

However, like all good servants, $120.00. We held food sales—and

age caught up with it. The organ reached a new high for money colfound it increasingly hard to satisfy lected.

the people, for along with other This was not only a good project states four mountain Throughout of advancements came bigger and for the M Men and Gleaners, but is the sign seal the KOLOBfriendly and competent insurance more beautiful instruments. The it unified the ward also, keeping

of service. our than 300 more One Gleaners all the ward members interested. of our ward, and Men

is of M fellow agents townsman a winter, felt facing long a the need... his acquaintance yours make

today in the interest of wise insurof a project that would keep up the Ctrangely enough, this is not a planning ance and protection that interest of the group. large ward; its membership is 444

really pays.

makes it one of the small Fire—Theft—Automotive Elder Odeal Kirk, who several—which Contract Bonds—Marine years ago moved to our ward from wards. But the M Men and GleanLiability—Surety Bonds Magna, Utah, is M Men director. ers had the will, and they found the

A General Insurance Agency Sister Mildred Cragun has been way. The project was commenced

guiding the Gleaners. December 11, 1948, and was comElder Kirk suggested that the pleted March 29, 1949. On May

M Men and Gleaners unite on the 8, 1949, Roy Darley, assistant project and purchase a new electric Tabernacle organist, played a recital organ. The group literally flew at on the new organ to the satisfaction

Bldg. Phone 330 Judge 4-8451 the idea. Committees were apand uplift of the entire ward.

Salt Lake City. Utah pointed; meetings were held; and—M. C. /.

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON -v <UJau Jo <=JJau Lkronoloau Ksf Lfuirch (L-uentd

JUNE 1949 Berthaeral sessionS. Reederfeaturedof theElderM.I.A.Ezra TheTaftFridayBensonafternoonas a speaker.gen-

C The Santa Cruz Branch chapel of the Northern CaliBoth meetings were held in the Tabernacle.

"fornia Mission was dedicated by Mission President Twentyfive thousand persons saw the M.I.A. Dance

German E. Ellsworth. Festival at the University of Utah stadium.

Salt o William B. Smart of Lake City was appointed 1*- O Fordevotedthe tomostdepartmentalpart, the M.I.A.sessions.conferenceOne of theseday waswas general to the Y.M.M.I.A. board.

Mrs. Phyllis Hawkes Shorten of Ogden, Utah, was an Indian correlation meeting at which the music was

appointed to the Primary Association general board. furnished by an Indian girls'chorus, and the praying and

part of the speaking was done by Indians.

After careful consideration the decision was reached During June conference, the M.I.A. Music Festival

9 that the Y.M.M.I.A. would continue to maintain was held in the Tabernacle. It featured a 1 200voice youth

minimum age requirements for Boy Scouts and Explorers chorus, made up of Y.M. and Y.W.M.I.A. members from

at twelve and fifteen. On May 24, the national council all over the Church.

given the varioushad sponsoring organizations the option in the held meeting testimony Taberwas -j An M.I.A. Q theof lowering age requirements to eleven and fourteen. * also ** nacle. session general afternoon convened An

I A President Oscar A. Kirkham of the First Council in the Tabernacle. In the evening a discussion by youth

-*- "of the Seventy addressed nearly four hundred youths was directed by Assistant Superintendent Ralph W. Hardy.

of the stakes and mission in the northwest, at Portland, President David O. McKay addressed the youth conferOregon. Sessions of the youth conference continued June ence.

II and 12. Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve

dedicated the Ukiah Branch chapel, Northern California 1 O Elder Henry D. Moyle of the Council of the Mission.

* "Twelve delivered the baccalaureate sermon before Speaking from New York City on "Faith for Today,"the graduating class of the University of Utah. Elder Wallace F. Bennett delivered the Church of the Air

Shirley M. Palmer was sustained as president of the address on a nationwide radio network. The Sunday School

Oneida (Idaho) Stake, with Gottfried Schwartz and Elden treasurer was in the East on business, as current president

S. Tanner as counselors. of the National Manufacturer's Association.

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards dedicated the

Thomas Ward, Blackfoot (Idaho) Stake, chapel. 2 A"presentedThe San Fernandothe dramatic(California)cantata, TheStakeLiahona,choral societyin the

j C The Y.W.M.I.A. Camping Conference convened at Tabernacle on Temple Square.

* M The Wigwam (Boy Scout Camp), in Mill Creek The sixtyeighth anniversary of the founding of the

Canyon. It continued the following day with an institute general board was noted by a luncheon of present and

at Jordan Park. former members of the Y.W.M.I.A. general board.

Population reference bureau findings were announced on a study of college graduates of the class of 1924, indi- O The appointment of Asahel D, Woodruff, dean of cating that on the national average, a graduating male had ""the graduate school at Brigham Young University, had 1.77 children, and a graduating woman, 1.26. Howto the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union

ever, Brigham Young University students led the list of was announced.

college graduates in establishing homes with children. The Approximately 5,000 oldsters, seventy years old or

men averaged 3.47 children, the women 2.45. over, attended the annual Old Folks'Day in Salt Lake

The appointment of Crawford Gates of Brigham City's Liberty Park.

University's musicYoung announced.the Y.M.M.I.A., was faculty, to the general board of 20** LakeRobertTemple,D. Youngsucceedingwas namedElderpresidentJosephof Fieldingthe Salt

The first annual Improvement Era Writers'ConSmith of the Council of the Twelve. President Young,

16 ference was attended by over one hundred fifty writformerly president of the Manti Temple, will assume his ers. It featured a general session, a writers'luncheon, three duties in August, as the temple reopens after a summer

departmental seminars, and a concluding general session. vacation.

The M.I.A. Drama Festival, held at Kingsbury Hall, Year Book of Facts and Statistics 1949, a fortyeight

University of Utah, campus consisted of four road show page pamphlet issued under the direction of the Council acts, a play, and part of an operetta. Two complete perof the Twelve, came from the press.

formances were given during the evening. O A Steam shovel equipment began operations at the

President David O. McKay dedicated the buildings "* site of the Primary Children's hospital in Salt Lake

and grounds of the Northern Utah Region of the Church City. Ground for the new structure had been broken

welfare plan, Ogden, Utah. April 1.

-j n The fiftieth annual M.I.A. conference began with an o Elder Henry D. Moyle of the Council of the

early morning reception on Temple Square, at which ** "Twelve dedicated the Alameda Ward chapel, Oakthe executives and members of both general boards were land (California) Stake.

in the receiving line. Speakers at the morning conference La Cresentia Ward, San Fernando (California) Stake,

session included President George Albert Smith, Elder was created from parts of the Glendale East Ward.

John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve, General Joseph E. Rich is bishop of the new ward.

Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis and General President (Concluded on page 537)

AUGUST 1949 485

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME William J. Pratt, David Stanley Pulsipher, Jack Twelfth row: Donna Mae Corbridge, Thelma Esther

APRIL II, AND DEPARTING APRIL 20, 1949 Sommer, Harvey D. Dimond, Lowell A. Nielsen, Bruce Dustin, Martha Parrish, Shirley S. Simmons, Alice

B. White, Walter D. Halliday, Keith G. Markham. Sargent, Ralph McFarland, Charles R. Oniones,

Reading from left to right, first row: Derrell Milo Seventh row: J. Quentin Midgley, Vern R. Wigant, Curtis Wright, Roland Hanson, Raymond S. Jensen.

Anderson, Boyd G. Pett, Theral R. Nielsen, S. LeRoy Grant A. Adams, Robert J. Fenton, Laurence Duke Thirteenth row: Richard Beazer, Rulon Judd, Bob

Middaugh, John Gerald Bjarnson, Loras Burke TanSmith, Donald L. Graviet, Keith J. Meldrum, Junior Calderwood, Audrey Elaine Montague, Serge Woodgren, LaMar Floyd Evans, James L. Swapp. G. Garlick, Alan Johnson. ruff, Phoebe Williams, Franklin Hyrum Millet, Paul

Second row: Estelle Moe, Carolyn Robertson, WilEighth row: Kent Tonks, Darrell G. Kippen, Robert E. Richardson, Glen L. Nelson.

liam Thornton, Hazel Skouson, Don B. Colton, di- R. Rasmuson, Don W. Hill, Russell Dwayne Crockett, Fourteenth row: Roberta F. Carpenter, Ted Shumrector; Bonnie Ellis, Edward R. Tolman, Eliza CarDean H. Christensen, Edmund O. Greenwood, Horace way, Keith T. Nelson, Harold A. Brooks, James R.

penter, Fay Lunceford, Lila Mae Astle. David Nelson, George Stanton Knowlden, Don Frank Lindsley, Gordon A. Madsen, Fanny G. Brunt, David

Third row: Lorenzo Hawkins, Mary R. Hawkins, Dailey. A. Erickson.

S. Dahl, Neilson, row: RobJohn Ninth A. E. Christensen, H. Reed Eugene Green, Ralph Ray Webb, Fifteenth Crapo, row: Berk Reed Washburn, Duane

R. Elder, ert G. Earl Stevens, McLain,Bertha G. Alan CharlesBird, M. G. Marie MaryL. Newman, Trice, Potts, Richard Major, Harry Richard Brown,

Earl Daly, Franklin C.worth, Nevers, Dickman, Aycock. Mary Dimple W. Hansen. Darwin

J. Bjarnson. row: Keith Allen Fourth M. Chapman, Henry HowReeda

S. Earl Jones, Sixteenth Richard G. row: GreenBitter,ard, Phyllis Jenkins, Ernest row: LaRell Muir, Tenth Carmen Ima Gunderson, David LaVar

L. land, Lee, B. Rulon Richard Montgomery, Ray Christofferson, Lucille Brown, Carol Taylor, Christensen, Carl Welding, G. Lenore A.Roy Reynolds, Eldene

Allen. R. Brough, Southwick, William C.Ina R. Butterworth, Richard llean G. Denton Corbridge.

Fifth row: Carl Mellor, Willard K. DeGraffenreid Keith McDonald, Reginald R. Dorff, Thomas V. RasSeventeenth row: Barton C. Olsen, Glendon E.

George W. Hatch, Abigail W. Sant, Walter R. Sant, mussen. Steiner, Raymond A. Webb, Glen T. Bean, Clarence

M. W. VanSeters, Evan A. VanSeters, Grace L. Eleventh row: Carol Taylor, Grace Bowman, La- S. Sharp, Leland H. Florence, Theodore A. Miller,

Hunzeker, Lillas Swensen, Donald S. Gray. verle Morley, Wesley Ruane Law, Ray L. White, Dale E. Dawson, Dean S. Alger, Dean L. Palmer, DeSixth row: Grant C. Howard, Nephi W. Bushman, Reed K. Curtis, Claire J. Fisher. Waldo Potter, Edwin C. Cook.

Departing Missionaries

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME ardson, Kenneth Munk, Garrett Thain, Dennis Funk, Kelsey, Valena Ballard, Mildred Ann Widdison, Elwin

JUNE 6, AND DEPARTING JUNE 15, 1949 Mrs. W. S. Erickson, W. S. Erickson. O. Barnum.

Fifth row: Arleen Smith, Margaret P. Petersen, Ninth row: Margaret Millett, Glenn W. Hunt,

Reading from left to right, first row: Byron E. Dorothy M. Blackham, Keith Bischoff, Dorothy Rogers F. Lambert, Emmett R. Nulph, Dale Steiner,

Jones, Edgar Neel, Gerald R. Thomson, Herbert D. Crookston, Rex Thomas Price, Bryce E. Goodwin, Warren Floyd, Dean Brian, Jerald P. Squire, Glenn

Papenfuss, Darlene A. James, Don B. Colton, director; Marion S. Wittwar, Deon L. Hendrickson, William M. Strattan, Joseph B. Abegg, Fay Olsen, Hilda

Thelma R. Butterfield, Shirla V. Howell, Vera B. Stanger, Donna Buttars, Virgil Ricks, Arturo R. Baldauf, Ray L. Carter.

Earl. Phyllis Miller, Schofield, Martinez. N. Betty Hilton, row: Tenth Bruce O. Wilford Peck, Dean

Sixth Berry, row: row: Lucele R. Kartchner, Laurie Second Edward Gwynn, ThompDea Dean Wayne B. Miskin, Sylvan Wilford Richard Tolman, M.

son, Phyllis Brick Beard, Paul Cropper, Holt, Packard, Joseph John Richard Maurine Kent Walker, W. F. Anderson, Lee, H. Hurst, Gerald GordonJ. Norman

L. Bischoff, Lindquist, Joel Thatcher, R. Wilde, DanielArthur Conley OsguRanee Robert Mary Morris, Milford Cottrell, C. Probst, Elaine Wayne W.

thorpe, Ferol Ernest Poulson, Holman, Leake, Joseph Lora Norine S.LaRae H. Dunn, M. Webb, Max L. L. Higgins, Calvin H. Maxfield, Anderson. John

B. Butler, Park, Garth Whitney. Arnold Williams. Kenneth A.Newey, Wayne

Shirley Larkin, row: Eleventh Florence Johnson, M. S. T. Jay row: P. Third Gardner, Seventh Pearson Valden Amelia row: Gardner, CorWood, W.

Nielsen, Richards, Louis King, C. James LaWana S. bett, Eckersell, Bishop, Richard Dorothy Grant Ernest D. Watson,Ora Wiser, Budge Bruce Mae

J. Spjute, C. G. Hatch, Lawrence Loy Meldrum, Ray Bushel!, Shirl Smith, Poulton, E. G. Clair R. Bunting, Parker, Conrad H. Dean Crump, Boyd Cuma

E. J. Broderick, Grant Carlson. Carl Bowles, Theron Curtis, A. Louis D. Hansen, Loveless, Jewel Howell, Carl Jenice Boyd Snow, Rena Alene Raymond

Jones, Bartola Ramirez, Betty Lou Tanner. Hardy, Nola F. Heppler, Byron J. Gooch. Twelfth row: Rex L. Allred, William Dean Wood,

Fourth row: Marie Allred, Harold L. Richards, Eighth row: Barbara Higginbotham, Donna Mae Walter A. Kramer, A. Darrell Rigby, George Joe

Richard Merrill, Leland C. Grant, Ned B. Bethers, Linford, Merwin Voyle Sorenson, Forrest Hyrum Thain, James M. Wagstaff, Sherwin H. Larsen,

Owen Garlick, Benton L. Blake, Newell Kay RichNulph, Alice May Cutler, Robert E. Schneider, Lois Essie L. Wright, Roald E. Peterson, Keith Crandell.

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TAKE THE BEAUTIFUL NEW

PORTLAND * SAN FRANCISCO

"jAr Coast Daylights show you the Pacific Ocean and Mission Trail (Los AngelesSan Francisco).

k New Shasta Daylight—"The Million Dollar Train with the Million Dollar View"(San FranciscoPortland).

lew luxury train—new low fare—new fast schedule! The

beautiful Shasta Daylight now links Portland and San Francisco in a 15%- hour run (7:45 a.m. to 1.15 p.m.), lets you see the whole Pacific Coast by day.

Now you can see the whole Pacific Coast color schemes were taken from the scenby Daylight. Through the huge "Skyery along the way.

view"picture windows of the Shasta Its enormous windows—nearly 30%

Daylight you see Lassen Peak, Shasta taller and wider than the extra large

Dam's Lake and Pit River Bridge, windows on our other Daylights—are

breathtaking Sacramento River Canyon, especially designed for viewing mountain the Cascademighty Mt. Shasta, "breathing"apparatus Mounscenery. A preSOUTHERNshowing thePACIFIC'Sroute of theFOURDaylightsSCENIC inROUTESblack

tains, Odell Lake, the Willamette River. vents fogging of the glass. All seats are

is soft safely of rubber. Luggage foam ts, California Together with our Dayligh

St. 14 Gibson, S. Main V. rO. in elevators, of stored baggage out yourthis streamliner the shows you new 1, City Utah Salt Lake close doors Feathertouch way. open andworld's of greatest parade ocean and

free, naturalcolor Please send me, your automatically. all daylight, inmountain by scenery—booklet, Daylight", Shasia "The and New

streamlined chair cars, at lowest fares. Traveling to or from the Pacific Northtrip planning folder, "See the Pacific Coast

The Shasta Daylight is custombuilt west, plan to ride the Shasta Daylight. by Daylight in 5 Days".

for the route it serves. Decoration and it: Send for free folders. Name

Address,

City.State.

The friendly Southern Pacific S*P

AUGUST 1949 487 YOU CAN FLY BY CUPPER* Y.M.M.I.A. HONOR CERTIFICATES

ten

in with the ExplorerJunior harmony advisers scoutpost and Explorer fivepoint social program listed masters have below been recognized for efficient leaderCertificate winners for the 1948ship. They have received a special 49 season are:

honor certificate awarded by the general superintendency of the Tendoy Area Council (Idaho)

Y.M.M.I.A. to exploring and scoutScoutmasters: LeRoy Hirschi, St.

ing leaders who have completed a Charles; Zendell M. Hale, Pocatelrequired leadership program, unitlo.

ing the spiritual phase of the program with the standards and pracMr. Lassen Council (California)

tices of the Church. Scoutmaster: Dean R. Myers, ROUND

The honor certificate requireRedding.

ments are based upon a ninepoint 3 G Council (Arizona)THE WORLD program, as illustrated in the 1949Scoutmasters: Bernard Clawson,

50 requirements for Exploring adSafford; Virgil Jones, Duncan; J.

: Only Pan American flies to visers Thatcher; Leo Mortensen, Farr D.

all 61 six continents... to Taylor, Pima; Roland W. Corri- 1. Participating in youth leadership proSo, countries and colonies. Earl veau, Globe; B. Young, Jr., gram

wherever you want to go, it's 2. Urging by a personal campaign with Morenci.

likely that Clippers can fly you each Explorer the nonuse of liquor and Post Advisers: Reef P. Kelly,

there directly... with a single tobacco Safford; L. M. Hatch, Duncan.

3. Urging each Explorer to observe a saticket and a single set of hagcred Sabbath Roosevelt Council (Arizona)

4. checks. gage exerConducting impressive carryon Scoutmasters: Joseph J. Criswell,

all cises for entering Boy Scouts You Miller, may fly abroad by one the Floyd J. Bennett, J. Winton posts Explorer

Clipper route, return by an- 5. Urging proper respect for the house of Ellis D. Biggs, and W. Kenneth

other—and still get important worship and Church authorities Huish, Mesa.

roundtrip savings! 6. Using eight discussion topics on the Post Adviser: Oral Lee Moore,

For information on flights, "Qualities of Attractive Manhood"preMesa.

pared by Superintendent Ralph W.

fares and reservations, call your Hardy, as a basis for discussion in eight Ogden Area Council (Utah)

Travel Agent or the nearest unit meetings Scoutmasters: William Poole,

Pan American office. 7. Participating of Explorer post in at Warren N. Shurtliff, Howard E.

least one interunit athletic activity durWatts, and C. Michael Larsen, Og-

(all ing the year camping is conducted den; Ray M. Wangsgard, Hunts- * Trade Mark.

according standSaint Latterday to Airways, Inc. Pan American ville.

ards)

Wade, Ogden; Ted Valentine andPAM AMfflfCAtf 8. mentsSeeing ofthat"dutyExplorersto God"meetbeforethe advancrequire- Post Advisers: Robert Ray

T. Nelson, Brigham; at Martella World Airways leasting fromten percentone rankof totheanother,post qualifyingwith Huntsville. Burns H. Wangsgard,

WORLD'S MOST EXPERIENCED AIRLINE for the Deseret Recognition award 9. Carrying out an active social program Salt Lake Area Council (Utah)

Scoutmasters: Clyde D. Glad and

THE HOUSE OF WISDOM Walter A. Christensen, Salt Lake

City.

Flynn By Clarence Edwin Post Advisers: Sanders and Rue @M0LLfl

THC keeps a wide B. Kerr, Salt City. house Knight Lake ARTIST OF ORGANS -THE ORGAN OF ARTISTS Wisdom

HAGERSTOWN, MARYLAND On an open street,

National Parks Council (Utah)THE NEW AllOn aearth'screst invitingquesting feet Utah

Scoutmasters: Abel and John F. // fireside, Pleasant is her American R. McTague, her bread. Wayne Nourishing

Wisdom sets a table Fork; Horace W. Hood, Verne S.

Will complement and beautify the service Always richly spread. Nelson, J. Hugh Sellers and Howof your Church Though her house is spacious, ard L. Jensen, Provo.

Direct factory delivered costs $3,740 to And has room to spare, Post Advisers: Rex Larren and

honest seekers Only $4,155 there. Fred S. Doffendoe, Price. be happy details, write Can For complete

Sons of truth arriving Boise Area Council (Idaho)

E. in stay, Enter and POOLE EUGENE Advisers: Post Porter May W. sons of darkness But the Seattle, 235 Central Building, Washington Boise. R. McQueen, Dan their and Turn way. and go

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To Be a Good STORYTELLER—grow wealthy with these books!

A STORY TO TELL $2.25 STORIES OF LATTERDAY SAINT

stories 138 expertly selected in seven $2.25 major parts, HYMNS

traits. to character applicable 31 great By GEORGE D. PYPER

28 authors and 32 composers—their stories of PIONEER STORIES $1.35 popular Mormon hymns.

40 classical stories of pioneer adventure and spiritual power. DENNIS AND THE MORMON

BATTALION $2.25 MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES $1.35 By MABEL S. HARMER

boy faithbuilding spiritual adventures of great mis- A sionaries.

helps he battalioneermake history.has stirring adventures while

STORIES FROM THE BOOK OF BETSY BUTTONS 75 MORMON $2.00 By ERLA YOUNG

By THERESA HILL A little girls story, beautifully illustrated of cross51 great stories from the famous American scripture. ing the plains, Indians and adventure. Original

edition.

STORY OF THE MORMON $1.50 BOY BEN THE WAGON $2.00 PIONEERS DRIGGS By HOWARD R.

By MABEL S. HARMER

More true stories of daring and faith. Aan boyadventure.pioneer comes over the plains with many

REMEMBER'D SWEET LOVE TRAIL.... 35c PIONEER $2.75 BLAZING THE CORTEZ STAFFORD By HELEN HILL and FORREST LARSON By FLOYD

Authentic, historical, dramatic story of a good woman's fulfillment of noble purposes formed Picture story of the heroic trek, vividly, dramaticin a young girl's heart. ally told in action pictures.

We can NOW supply—New Editions—

TRIPLE COMBINATION Book of Mormon, Doctrine and Covenants, Pearl of Great Price

In Bible paper edition, gilt edge, leather binding.

$7.50

L. D. S. MISSIONARY BIBLE with Ready Reference

Cambridge University King James Version,

Excellent dictionary and concordance.

Unindexed $9.25 Indexed $10.00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY Salt Lake City 10. Utah 44 East South Temple Street

Please send the following books:

Cash herewith $.. (Include 2% sales tax in Utah)

Name Address.

AUGUST 1949 489 JUNE CONFERENCE

Jsn J-ictvire

June 1719, 1949

7. President George Albert Smith and President \

George F. Richards look over the June conference program with Superintendent Elbert R.

Curtis and President Bertha S. Reeder. Photo,

courtesy Salt Lake "Tribune"

2. View of the youth in attendance at the youth

conference session in the Tabernacle, June 19.

Seated the youth among are President Reuben

Jr., Clark, and President David of O. McKayJ.

First the Presidency, Elder and Stephen L Richards of the Council of the Twelve and author of for "The Case Virtue"being used to emphasize the M.I. A. for theme 194950. Photo,

courtesy Salt Lake "Tribune"

3. of One view the great interest in shown the

handicrafts section held at the Lion House.

Photo, courtesy Salt Lake "Tribune"

4. Narrators for Festival: the Dance Shauna McLatchy and Lvnn McKinlay. Photo, courtesy

"Deseret News"

5. View of the music festival, Crawford Gates

conducting, 1200 participants. Photo, courtesy

Salt Lake "Tribune"

6. Floor Show, Festival, Dance one of many original floor shows presented. Photo, courtesy Salt

Lake "Tribune"

7. Floor featuring Show black light- -from Nampa,

Idaho. Photo, courtesy Venice Grant, stake dance director

8. Bee Hive Group, demonstrating the organiza-

C. Ann Larson, general u 0n? board; j Maxineresponsibility: Garff, stake bee keeper; Barbara

Reynolds, ward bee keeper; and Charlotte Sheffield Bee Girl. Hive Photo, courtesy Salt Lake

Tribune

9. Boy ScoutExplorer Barbecue. Photo, courtesy

Salt Lake Tribune

line at beginning of conference, June 10. U,Reception on the tabernacle grounds. Photo, courtesy

Deseret News

11. Photograph of the M.I.A. general boards. Photo

courtesy D. F. Davis

12. MI.A. dance festival—at the moment of praver

Photo, courtesy "Deseret News"

13. M.I.A. General Executives: Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis and President Bertha S. ReederFirst Counselor Emily H. Bennett, First Assistant

Superintendent A. Walter Stephenson, Second

Counselor C. LaRue Longden, Second Assistant

Superintendent Ralph Hardy. W. Photo, courtesy

F. D. Davis

14. Scene from "The Other Apostle"festiat drama

val, June 1949. 16, Photo, courtesy "Deseret

NOCTURNE

By Beulah Huish Sadleir

/\h, calm, cool night, That rode in on an evening cloud,

Spread your blueblack majesty Over a parched summer earth Andgive man a chance to rest from

Day's exacting pace.

Let yourself in mystic stillness

Whisper to the trees, And in their rustled symphony of strings

Give him music to drown Day's raucous sounds.

Hasten not night, the sleeper—oh,

Neither the builder of dreams,

For he that is not robbed of you

Will awaken to a better dawn.

And once again, wondrous savant of old,

Whose magic incites love's timeless trend,

Cause this love, enrobed in garments of

Faith and peace, to know man's soul

And fill his hungering need.

THE MISSIONARY HERE, IN SUMMER TIME IS A GIFT

By Alice Morrey Bailey By Elaine V. Emans By Mary O'Connor

himself set apart. to robe needs no will "It thus declared, and be you hen 'is filigree a wovenHE authority! countenance wears His He so,"

their of hours and *I 'ime moments his faith heart. of purity Shines with and in grip, winter's of summertime, WDreaming tapestry to a Required weave call circumstance the of holy heedsHe I said, will her; slip she overdream 'You fragile flowers. of strength or greatest privilege to the bears knownAnd I In quietly warmly."But and know,

is briefly held Godgift the Time man. is in she prisoners than more Now, snow rich poor, both and men by to or thrones lead path lowlyHis may nectarsip the well from remember, Could faith their thing to weld can which A berth; tip flower the every at to bee Of life that secure. stands a is life, gift appointed throughHis God's butterfly; winglifting each doe from Of

it, bit, bit waste they by And may plan, nuzzling to of wren, piquancy fawn With serve or each second make his to the brought angels messageAnd aria; thrasher from waving wheat And

it glorify gladden and To earth. the within river cumuli To when nerve. bone with and every

is quiet. in day Here, The meet summer,

is fathers'his allotted altars the space where worships man TimeHe joys could than more Even be dreamed by all hatred to cease burned make men their live labors the prayerful within plan sees brought from many AndAnd lane, street. a icy an Walking snowy lands, of peace. brotherhood and

The precious yield of humble and of learned. on a mighty eminence he stands RAIL FENCES High

And lifts the flame of those who have gone By Alice Josephine Wyatt WESTERN MANNA by, fences For he shall fling its light beyond the sky. "Dail marked the farmers'shoeBy Ruth C, Ikerman *- string parks

orioles by and larks, desert was a wilderness until I to me HPhe strung berries with winding like red MY FATHER AndInhabited that * learned God beads

By Leone E. McCune Dotted through the flowers and the weeds. Provides there beauty, daily manna despite

SEE him still, behind his plow; Here weary men could leave the horse and sun's hot rays.

I His muscled body swings plow Now he speaks to me from out that burning

Along the rough, uneven swell To take the shade of some wild cherry bush, the ocotillo.

Of fields; his heart within him sings. bough, His silver smoke tree guides, pillar of cloud

And doze a while, or watch a copper bee through the days.

I see him still; he's bent and old; That exercised his grand monopoly

But joy lights fading eyes. On some defenseless, honeyhoarding flowHe prunes the roses by his gate er

Under the soft, blue, summer skies. With one drop hidden in its petaled bower. ENOUGH

This is his joy, his love, his faith, Here butterflies were flung on silent wings

Collaborating with his God, In colored squadrons like enchanted things. By Mabel Jones Gabbott

Throughout the years to help create These fragile flowerlike bombers had one

Earth's precious life from seed and sod. duty Ts this enough to bring my heart content:

Their flying mission was not death, but * The gleam of crystal in low candlelight, beauty. A coverlet laid smooth, a fragile white

A FARM NEEDS A BOY All loveliness and fences are akin Old vase with roses spilled, like love wellBy Mildred Gofi The path of peace they weave is genuine. spent?

farm needs a boy. Or this: the laughter in my daughter's A Nothing else takes the place eyes,

Of a quickfooted boy The warm pink glow of health that lights

With a tanfreckled face. her face,

the fish brook, in To hair, sunfilled, her swift tawny Her emin the hay, slide To brace?

for the eggs hunt To Is there prize? on earth a more endearing hidden are away, That

To greet every morning With a wild shout of joy, Is this enough: your need that meets my

To make life worth living, own,

A farm needs a boy! In sun and storm, the certainty that whether

Joy or sorrow comes, we are together,

DAWNBREAK Two as one, not each adrift alone.

By Ella Waterbury Gardner Beauty, work, and love: this is "the stuff

ran up the curtain, That dreams are made of."Yes, it is

I And there was the moon, enough.

A crescent through foliage Across the sky strewn.

curtain, I ran up the see REFLECTIONS there I could And bridal wreath The tapping By Thelma Ireland for me. window The

With sharp little chirpings * I vhe lake spread out her apron

The birds were awake. * Of ruffled, blue percale

But all else was silence To catch the downy snowball clouds

At breathless dawnbreak.—Photo, Godsey from Monkmeyer That rode the azure veil.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ESSINGS FOR YOUTH Dm lresiaevit (ueorae Mloert mith

(From a Talk Delivered at the M.I. A. June Conference, Friday, June 17, 1949.)

is a beautiful picture. It people who would be glad to be here with us, V.his

has been an inspiration to me to be here this and it would be a blessing to them as well morning, and as I have sat here, I have gone as to us if they could be here.

over in my mind nearly seventy years of my We have listened to quite a number of life in M,LA. and I have discovered that those who have been on the program this

there is so much that has come to me as a morning. I wonder sometimes if we realize

blessing from this marvelous organization that every one of these is a child of our that I have no way of telling you adequately Heavenly Father. Every one that has talked

about it. to us, or sung for us, or prayed, every one

I wonder if you realize what a power for is not just a man or a woman or a boy good this institution holds, with approximateor a girl, as we see him; but each one

ly one hundred seventyfive thousand memis living eternal life, each one is a child of bers. Think what it means to be identified our Father in heaven. What a wonderful

with such a group. thing it is to know that, and to feel the influHere we are in this great tabernacle that ence that comes from that knowledge. They

has been dedicated to the Lord for worship. are dear to him. He is anxious for their sucWe have not filled all the seats this morning, cess and happiness, but there are multitudes

but it is a marvelous audience, and I am of them who have no way of knowing that grateful to be able to be here. they are his children unless the membership

My mind has gone back over my experiof the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ences in M.I.A., the development that has Saints functions in the missionary field and

been made. When I realize that we are not in all parts of the world.

only representing here a community such as It has been my privilege the last year to we have in this valley, but you are reprehave a good many visitors, men and women sentatives of groups of people who have of prominence, come into the office. It has

pushed out into other states and territories not been unusual for them to say: "What a

and nations, how grateful I am! If we are delightful place you have to live in."When

doing our full duty in each of these places, they have called my attention to that, I have there are those who have joy in making the taken them to the window of my office and lives of their associates rich by companionsaid: "Can you see that little round knoll

ship. There is an influence for good in a out there on the horizon?"

congregation like this in this great house. My "Yes."

feelings are subdued when I realize what a "Can you see a flagpole sticking out of privilege has been mine for seventy years the top of it?"

to mingle with men and women and boys and "Yes."

girls in the great audiences that have been And then I have said: "That is Ensign

assembled here. Peak. Do you see the trees and the flowers

I have never learned anything in M.I.A. and all the beauty at the top of that peak?"

that was not beneficial. I have learned many And they have turned to me questioningly

things, but all were for the best, and when to say: "I can't see any trees of flowers."

I have taken advantage of the advice and And I have remarked: "A little over a

counsel and the programs that were prehundred years ago when the Latterday pared for us, my life has been enriched, and Saints came into this valley, the whole valley my happiness has been increased. looked as barren as Ensign Peak with the

Today there are thousands of our young (Continued on page 540)

AUGUST 1949 493 "Youth That Is Clean"

rrom talkd delivered durina the Ifvl.J-.A, Confeerence

Jrn Jhe J>ait <=JLahe Jabernacie

June 17, 1949

By Marilyn Oliver 3y Frederick Pingree

Obedience and joy go hand in hand. This was There was once a very rich ruler who lived in a

realized by the First Presidency when they foreign country. Although he was considered to

said, "How glorious and near to the angels is be one of the wealthiest men in the world, he youth that i clean; this youth has joy unspeakable was very greedy and was always thinking up new

here and eternal happiness hereafter."ways to get more money; but still he wasn't satisfied.

Cleanliness of body and mind is essential, for our He wanted the most precious thing on earth. He

mortal bodies house the Spirit of God, and impurities sent out three of his subjects to bring back such of speech ejected from these tabernacles are soiling a treasure. When the first presented his find to the

that which belongs to God. The language of Adam king, it was a beautifully ornamented ring of gold.

was pure and undefined, and so should we strive to The king was pleased with this, but he hoped for make ours. God gave men language as a means for something better. The second then presented the king

them to communicate with each other, that they might with a very large jewel. This man was rewarded

express their ideas, hopes, and beliefs, greatly. When the third presented his

and pass on the knowledge and wisfind, he was laughed at, for all he had dom they have received in their lives. was a sack of wheat. His reward came

As members of the kingdom of God, when he was cast out of the kingdom it is our duty to keep our language and he was mocked for all that year.

pure and clean, for our Father in But the next year came and brought heaven commanded it of us when he with it a famine. Then the king and

said, "... let all things be done in his people realized that the common

cleanliness before me"(D. & C. 42: and seemingly unattractive wheat was

41 ) and "Thou shalt not take the name 194950 much more valuable than all the rich of the Lord thy God in vain."(Ex. treasures put together. They had been

20:7.) Incomprehensible is the joy *. I. \. THE/WE judging things by a wrong set of

that will be ours if we obey these comvalues.

mandments. How <=rforiOS arid Me*r We, the youth of the Church, are

to the AngeJs things guilty of judging abuses our or by sometimes woman who The man that YoutK is sacrilege, for h of values. is somecommitting Suchlanguage a wrong set

YoutH Ihh HI* Cie*rt;Joy

sacrilege is the violation of anything Unspeakable Here times the case in this matter of moralthat is sacred or holy, and surely our arte) {rterrtal Happlnew ity. Although it is much easier to go

language can be considered to be such, Hereafter"along with the crowd and go against for it is the means by which we teach what we have been taught, those who his commandments unto others. The keep the law of chastity will be reperson thus committing sacrilege does warded here and in the life to come.

not have the great joy or happiness One who is unclean is denied the that the righteous and obedient posprivilege of entering the temple for sess. When a thought, word, or story comes to our marriage and consequently is unable to receive the

mind that we wish to express, we might say to ourblessings that come with it. We should strive toward

selves, "Would I want my Father in heaven to hear that goal of perfection at all times, remembering that me say this?"And if our answer is no, we will know

that we should not speak; and thus we can judge our one moment of forgetfulness can bring unhappiness for

speech; for God does hear the things we say, and he a whole lifetime. High ideals and a will to do right

will remember if we keep our tabernacles pure before are the means by which we can make a better life for him by using language that is beautiful and not corourselves both here and in the life to come. The First

rupted. Presidency told us what could be promised to those

that desire our of the Psalmist be like when May who lived right when they said, "How glorious and said, "Let he mouth, the meditathe words and of my tion of my heart, be acceptable in thy sight, O Lord... near to the angels is youth that is clean; this youth

my redeemer,"(Psalm 19:14). This is my prayer, and has joy unspeakable here and eternal happiness here-

I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. after."

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TESTIMO

timely Presiaddress by | fhis * * dent at Clark the -JScacm was given

Sunday morning session of June conBy PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR.

ference, June 19, 1949, immediately prior to the general testimony bearOF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY ing of the meeting.

and haughty in our attitudes and turned to Thomas and said: "Reach

spirits. hither thy finger, and behold my

brothers and sisters: I trust hands; and reach hither thy hand,

testimony, into thrust it kinds be of and are two HThere my side: and that the blessings of the LordMY faithless, believing."but Thomsenses, not the from one which comes will I stand with bebe me as

beholding far as, eye, the ear, the touch. the Lord, said: "My So to the today. are herefore you We

I Lord and my God."as I because know am concerned, to the witnessbear goodness and

the mercy and the blessings of the how uncertain is the eye and the And then the Savior said unto

Lord, and to testify to the truth of ear and the touch, I have felt that him: "Thomas, because thou hast

the restored gospel, and to the rethe other testimony, the testimony seen me, thou hast believed: blessed

stored priesthood; to the fact that of the Spirit, was for me the truer are they that have not seen, and yet

the restoration accomplished by and one. have believed."(John 20:27, 28,

through the instrumentality of JoAs for the testimony of the senses, 29.)

seph Smith exists today with the you will remember that Thomas, And that is the testimony of the same powers, the same authorities, one of the Lord's ancient Apostles, Christ which must come to most of the same blessings, that came was not present at the meeting on us, the testimony of believing withthrough the Prophet himself; that the evening of the day of the resurout seeing, a testimony which the

since the Prophet's time, from then Lord blessed. And this testimony

until now, there has been an unis the testimony of the Spirit. I want

broken line of descent of authority; to read to you a few words spoken

and that President George Albert by Paul to the Corinthians. He

Smith is the prophet, seer, and said:

revelator, and the President of the

Church today, the presiding high For what man knoweth the things of a priest, just as fully and completely man, save the spirit of a man which is in as was the Prophet Joseph when he him?no man,evenbutsothetheSpiritthingsof God.of God knoweth

established the Church. Now we have received, not the spirit of

A testimony is a sacred gift. It the world, but the spirit which is of God;

is not to be trifled with; it is not a that we might know the things that are

matter to be boasted about; it is a freely given to us of God.

things the also not in Which we speak, teacheth, but whichmatter to be treated in the greatest words man's wisdom humility, to be used whenever the which the Holy Ghost teacheth; comparing

cause of the Lord requires it to be spiritual things with spiritual.

used, to be cherished, nurtured, fed But the natural man receiveth not the by righteous living. things of the Spirit of God: for they are

Many people who come amongst PRES1DENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. foolishnessthem, becauseunto theyhim: neitherare spirituallycan he knowdisus ask: "What is it that enables cerned. (I Cor. 2:1114.)

you people to work together as you rection when Christ appeared to work?"It has seemed to me the the others. They, when he appeared, Later in his epistle, Paul said:

answer is simple, and I have so had not believed until he had by his stated to them. We are united, we presence and his words and actions Know ye not that ye are the temple of

work together, because of what we shown them that he was actually the God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth call our testimonies, which means risen Lord. When Thomas was told in Ifyou?any man defile the temple of God, him

our knowledge that this is the work of this, he said he would not believe shall God destroy; for the temple of God

of God, and that we are united in "... Except I shall see in his hands is holy, which temple ye are.

carrying forward his purposes. the print of the nails, and put my Let no man deceive himself. If any man

this to in seemeth be wise you nails, into the print finger of the and among thing is the which testimony A let world, that him he become a fool, may his into side."thrust to hand endure, en- (John us gives my the power wise. be

ridicule 20:25.) scoffs that the the and dure is the of this foolishwisdom For world

are sometimes heaped upon us, and to The week following that first meetness with'God. For it is written, He taketh

endure likewise the praise which ing, the disciples were together again. the wise in their own craftiness.

comes to us and about us, endure Thomas was there also. Suddenly And again, The Lord knoweth the

thoughts of the wise, that they are vain.

praise so that we may not be turned into the room came Jesus, even as (I Cor. 3:1620.)

aside and become proud, boastful, he had come the week before; he (Continued on page 539)

AUGUST 1949 495 Nowtheletmeaningme presentof petramy viewin a aslittleto detail technical than it has Uke more eaviinf Of given. Meanwhile, hitherto been

please bear in mind that Catholics of great reputation in centuries past have not agreed that the word refers PETER'S CONFESSION to Peter. St. Jerome and Augustine

are sufficient witnesses of that fact. Dm )ianeu US. Sperm, fn.<JJ.

Moreover, Protestant scholars have argued with great learning, some DIRECTOR OF RELIGIOUS INSTRUCTION agreeing with the Catholics, that the BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY word does refer to Peter, others that it means something else, as we have Part II already seen; however, practically

all agree among themselves that the forms of the same thing. That is to believe that by petra he had referhas a wrong made Roman church principle to the ence fundamental petra are say, petros two disand

of the word, even application revelation? seership or if it tinct as of as distinct words, That is in Greek does refer to the man of rock. In pebble and boulder ate two distinct the great mother rock or principle

the midst of all the confusion, the English words. Petra in Greek is upon which the Church should be

Latterday Saints point out that not equivalent to petros any more built.

scholarship and tradition have not than a pebble is the same as a boulOne more thing about the text a the problem; only new cleared up considered: It has been have transor writer the Greek we Had believe could revelation do that. We that indicated scholars already to some a be Matthew der.lator—assuming oracle the living Smith, that Joseph it origbelieve to written have been of or translation Greek a Hebrew

the true answer. Revof gave God, in inally others in Aramaic, Greek. to convey Aramaic original—meant principle of seership the elation or myself, behelp I cannot the rock As for the idea that Peter was is what petra refers to. Once in posupon which the Church was to be lieving that Matthew was written in

session of the key to the problem, built, he would doubtless have writAramaic and afterward translated

Mormon scholars can proceed to ten either, "... you are Petros, and into Greek. If this view is correct,

the position of the strengthen it I surprising to find will is all the more build P&tros upon this my

It of men. eyes Church in the..."translator rendering a two identical Petros, or ".. are is church. you

wonderful how simple a riddle can and upon you will I build my Aramaic words, kephakepha, rebe, once you receive the solution to church...."(Italics author's.) That spectively into petrospetra, which

it! Let us hark back to Matthew the writer meant to convey a differare far from being identical.

16:1617, for a moment. It will be ent idea is shown in the fact that he Couldn't the reason be that he recrecalled that Peter's famous answer, wrote Petros and petra, having quite ognized the true significance of the

"Thou art the Christ, the Son of the different meanings. A good Greek Aramaic play on words and tried to

living God,"so pleased our Lord lexicon such as the new edition of make it more obvious in the Greek?

that he blessed him by saying: Liddell and Scott will show that

I"et us discuss another part of Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for petros is used in poetic literature and

flesh and blood [mortal man] hath not usually has reference to rocks that Christ's answer to Peter, parrevealed it unto thee, but my Father which can be held in the hand. It may ticularly "and the gates of hell shall

is in heaven. (Italics author's.) even refer to a kind of reed. An exnot prevail against it [the Church]."

Why was the Savior pleased? planationprose wordis isaddedlithos,"thatPetra,"the onusualthe grievouslyThis part ofmisinterpretedhis answer hasin manybeen

Few or no commentators would disother hand, is shown generally to churches. Most persons, following

agree with me when I say that it mean a mass of live parent rock early commentators, have taken it was because he found Peter in such such as cliffs, ledges, etc. In fact, to mean that hell, the abode of

a spiritual state that his mind could petros is, in the nature of things, Satan and the infernal powers, be marvelously illumined from heavbound to be a piece of rock derived would join with the wicked men in en. Peter's revelation was the reafrom the parent mass of rock, petra. attempts to overthrow the Church

son. Only the Father would maniIn view of the considerable differbut should not succeed. None of us

fest the Son. (Matthew 11:27; I ence in usage between petros and doubts, of course, that Satan and

Cor. 12:3.) Having felicitated Pepetra, we are justified in concluding his legions have fought and will

ter, the Lord proceeds to add the that the feminine petra was incontinue to fight God's work. Nevimportant words we have been contended by the writer of the Greek ertheless, this is not what the scripsidering: text to refer to something other than ture means. Dr. Hugh Nibley, in

And I tell you, you are Petros, and upon Peter, the man of rock. What, then, his article, "Baptism for the Dead

this petra I will build my church;... is the antecedent of petra in the in Ancient Times,"which appeared

Greek text? in The Improvement Era for De-

"VTow let us consider the play on In view of the fact that our Lord cember 1948, has discussed it at words, petrospetra. Any comwas so pleased with the revelatory length and given, I believe, the true

petent Greek scholar will admit that or "seeric"powers of Peter, what solution to the passage. However,

the two words are, not different could be more reasonable than to let me review it again in my own way before passing on. The "gates In the ancient Coptic version of will give thee the keys..."is what

of hell"is rendered in the Greek the passage, we find this interesting he said. Moreover, it should be obby the figurative expression "the rendition: "The gates of Amenti served that Peter was not the only

gates of Hades,"and in the Aramaic shall not have power against it."In one in due time to receive keys. In

by the wellknown Hebrew equivaEgyptian the word Amenti has refMatthew 18:18, we find the Christ

lent, "gates of Sheol."By "Hades"erence to the West, which was the saying to his appointed Twelve:

the ancient Greeks meant the abode place where the dead went. It will

of the dead. The ancient Hebrews be remembered that during World Verily I say unto you, Whatsoever ye

also regarded "Sheol"as the abode War I soldiers were prone to say shallen: bindand onwhatsoeverearth shallyebe shallbound loosein heavon

of the departed. They viewed it, that fallen companions had "gone earth shall be loosed in heaven.

generally speaking, as a subterWest."This is our modern version

ranean citadel with great gates, of an old speech custom. How is this scripture to be exwhich would open to receive the In Matthew 16:19 our Lord plained in view of the promise made

spirits of the dead but would never speaks of the "keys of the kingto Peter? Our friends in the Roman

open to permit them to leave. In dom of heaven,"which would give church explain it thus: This extra-

"gates of Hades"and "gates of power either to bind or loose in ordinary authority was granted to

Sheol"we simply have an ancient heaven or earth. What is meant by the other Apostles, because of the

form of speech which means the the "keys of the kingdom"? We beneeds of the Primitive Church. But

power of the kingdom of death. lieve that it refers to certain presidChrist, they add, did not make the

Jesus simply meant then, that the ing and organizing powers conother Apostles equal to Peter, who powers of death should not overferred on Peter in relation to the had been made their supreme head.

power or prevail against the Church. work of the Church. It should be Our Lord made them the foundaThe gates will be opened, permitting noticed that Jesus did not at once tion of the Church in a secondary

the dead to leave Sheol. confer those powers on Peter. "I or relative manner only: he does not

bestow unlimited jurisdiction on

End of the Via Dolorosa—the oldest section of Jerusalem, with its arched, narrow streets. them, as he does on Peter. Before

being invested with their great pow-—Alice Schalek from Three Lion* ers, which ceased at death, they had

been placed under a superior, who was to be for them what Jesus had been. Christ's words to Peter reach

beyond him. They were to apply

to all his successors to the end of time as the Catholic Church has always maintained. Peter's privilege

was not to stop with him, but to pass to all pontiffs who succeeded him in the see of Rome.'

We shall see presently whether this is the most reasonable explanation. When did the Christ confer

the promised "keys"on Peter?

Catholics and Protestants alike do not know. But Joseph Smith, we

believe, had the facts revealed to him. He said:

The priesthood is everlasting. The

Savior, Moses, and Elias, gave the keys to

Peter, James, and John, on the mount, when they were transfigured before him.

(D.H.C.. Ill, 387. Cf. D. & C. 63:2021.)

In other words, the Savior, in company with Moses and Elijah, conferred these keys on Peter,

James, and John about a week after he had promised them to Peter.

( Matthew 17:1.) What could be a

more appropriate time than that of the transfiguration to confer the keys? This was one of the most im5See, for example, L. C. Fillion, S.S., Consultor

of the Pontifical Biblical Commission, The Life of

Christ, II, 543, 544. Incidentally, this work in three

volumes is, in my opinion, one of the finest reference works on the life of Christ ever published. B. Herder

Book Co., 15 and 17 South Broadway, St. Louis, Mo.

(Continued on page 498) THE MEANING OF PETER'S CONFESSION

portant acts of the Savior's public ceived the promised keys? Keep in superior in office, the supposed "sucministry. And Fillion rightly points mind that the New Testament evicessor to Peter,"St. Clement, could

out that the transfiguration was the dence shows that all of the Twelve not, for does not Cardinal Gibbons highest point of the Savior's public received keys. (Matthew 16:19; say:

life. (Ibid., II, 554.) 18:18.) I have to disagree emphatigift the with Apostles were endowed The the roles played ( see with Fillion were above by cally ) when What

inspiration, their writings and accept we at the Elias (Elijah) Christ that the did and he claims Moses the not asof revealed of word God.. Cath-.. No

transfiguration? (Matthew 17:3,4.) bestow unlimited jurisdiction on the olic, on the contrary, claims that the pope

Moses probably conferred certain other Apostles as he did on Peter. is inspired, or endowed with divine revelakeys pertaining to the gathering of Who said so? Certainly not the tion properly socalled. ( The Faith o/ Our

Israel on Peter, James, and John. New Testament. Moreover, he ( FilFathers, p. 146.)

Elijah, on the other hand, must have lion) is going beyond the evidence Is it not hard to believe, under given to them keys of the sealing when he holds that Peter was to be these circumstances, that Clement powers pertaining to the living and for his fellow Apostles what Christ was a "successor to Peter"when he the dead. Latterday Saints have had been for them. When Paul could not do what his supposed subhad revealed to them that Elijah withstood Peter "to the face, beordinate, John, was able to do for

held such keys; these permitted the cause he was to be blamed,"it does the Church, by giving revelations

ancient Saints to be married for time not appear that the Apostle to the for his benefit and blessing?

and eternity and to enter into holy Gentiles regarded the "Rock"as be- I emphasize that in the light of places for the purpose of performing ing in the place of Christ. ( Galathe Testament and later New baptisms and other gospel orditians 2:11. See also II Cor. 11:5.) history it is very reasonable Church

nances for the dead. These ordiFurthermore, the New Testament to assume that the relationship of

nances were necessary for the rightsays nothing about Peter's primacy, Peter to the other of the members eous dead if the "gates of Sheol"nor does it imply that such was to this: Twelve Peter stood was

were not to "prevail"against them. be passed to any pontiffs who the head of the Twelve in much theatThus the keys delivered to Peter, should succeed him in the see of same sense that a chairman stands

James, and John had saving powers Rome. In view of the fact that at the head of a board of directors.

fact the grave. This Christ's exFillion says that beyond words

die, to Should the chairman the board

I Corinthians plains 15:29, all his which to to apply Peter were of directors fold does not up.

passage has been an enigma to most (Peter's) successors, may it not be simply takes over the powers asIt commentators: ask, Testament to wise to be wereNew "Who the chairman. sumed by comIf we

if Peter's successors?"and When directors the pare to ancient the Otherwise, people what by bedo mean it is reasonpassed not Peter away, Apostles, close a have analogy we If of dead? ing behalf the baptized on all his special of to believe able that to the relationship all, that existed raised at are are benot the dead why

people baptized on their behalf? (Revised powers would revert to the remaintween Peter and his immediate comStandard Version.) ing members of the Twelve who panions. Peter was the presiding

held the keys and who had been authority, and when he was slain,

In other words, the Primitive special witnesses of the Christ? his fellow Apostles took over the

Church held the keys which made it Who can produce a shred of evipresiding authority held by him.

possible for saving ordinances to be dence that after Peter's death, Moreover, there is no proof that done vicariously for the dead who Linus, Anacletus, Clement, and they ever passed it on to any other receive the gospel beyond the grave other socalled "successors of Peperson or persons. They knew that

and cannot attend to their own bapter"ever gave orders or directions the hour of antiChrist was at hand.

tisms and endowments. These must to the remaining members of the (I John 2:18.)

be performed on this side of the Twelve? Is it not remarkable that Seen purely from the Latterday

grave. It will thus be perceived that during the socalled bishopric of Saint point of view, the above

the "keys"and the binding and Saint Clement of Rome (A.D. 92paragraph may be amended someloosing powers promised by the 101. Cayre, Patrology, I, 52 ), John what. As we have already seen,

Savior are of tremendous scope and the Revelator was receiving visions Peter, James, and John received the importance. Only a new revelation and revelations and giving counsel keys of the kingdom conjointly upon

could impart their full significance to the seven churches of Asia ( Rev. the mount of transfiguration. They

to us, because the New Testament 1:4)? John could receive visions doubtless became the presiding quoreveals very little concerning them. and revelations, but his supposed rum over the Primitive Church at a

later time (Cf. D. & C. 107:22; 7:

rE have considered the LatterTHE DEEPEST WELL 7; 27:12, 13; Galatians 2:9) withW day view as to the time Peter By Dorothy J. Roberts Peter as the presiding officer. (Cf.

and his companions received the '"F'he young heart quails at silence, D. & C. 107:65, 66.) Keep in mind

keys spoken of by our Lord, and * Finds it emptiness; that James and John must have held

also a little description has been The wise receive from winter the keys equally with Peter in this given concerning the nature of the Deep, still blessedness. quorum. (Cf. D. & C. 90:6.) At

patient, heart the grow May Peter's loosing powers. the deathbinding and remaining Now memspirit understand,

relation the of the to The bers of Peter held Twelvewhat was withpower is well Silence a of wisdom his fellow Apostles when he reDeep upon the land. {Conduded on page 537)

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA l yvi the Ljoocl \yld S>vvunmenume:w

last month of By MARY BRENTNALL ing, milking, irrigating, carrying aAugust is here—the

summer. Thirtyone days in paper what were they? route—just

only this month left to give b which to harvest summer! So let's turn the page on July and There's

You've been counting a lot on this open to that beautiful inviting month your family a fair return. What

last month. June was over before of August. about it?

you knew it, and July was wonderHave you thought of making August 2. Set your alarm at the

ful, but it was filled with vacations yourself a calendar? The long, hard exact hour you've decided to get up,

within vacations, and the heat and and do it. Get up when it rings.

activity were intense. It's strange Yesterday you turned it off and

that no matter how well you try to went back to sleep. But no more of

remember and plan for the days of that. This is the last lovely month

July, you are always limper than you let's Talk It Over of summer—August. Have you been

think. Not so in August! up at sunrise this year to hear the

A lovely month! In the first place, birds, to smell the dew on the

by August you're getting used to labor was done for you in ages past field, to pick a ripe melon for the temperature, and you're begin-—the determining of the seasons breakfast, to walk barefooted in ning to feel really firm about all and the years—the months and the the grass? Yesterday your alarm

your summer resolves. You begin days. The spacing of seconds and much—hewoke your gotdad.up Heanddidn'twent mindto work.too

But he didn't enjoy the morning.

He was too tired. You're not too

tired to look and listen and feel and see. Get up and out. When you

come in, read the eightyeighth section of the Doctrine and Covenants.

You'll know what it means—at least

part of it.

August 3. Now tackle the other

end of the day. You need fun and

recreation—singing and dancing

and laughing. But it has to end

sometime—now doesn't it? So

there's no reason why it shouldn't end before midnight instead of after.

Actually there are a dozen reasons why it should end at 11:00 p.m. instead of 1:00 a.m. There are a hundred reasons why it is better to finish at 10:00 p.m. than at 2:00 a.m.

(if you must decide between one or the other). And if there is the remotest possibility that the party

goes on until 3:00 a.m., pass it all

—Photo by U.S. Forest Service up firmly and go to bed at 9:00 p.m.

Surprising? Goodness, kids, read

actually to do something about the minutes and hours. All the heavy that eightyeighth section of the

things you hoped to accomplish in work was handed to you "for free"Doctrine and Covenants all over summer. Whether you planned on—all the drudgery and mathematics again. You need sleep. Work hard

getting a sun tan or painting a picand crosseyed peering through enough all day to want to get that ture—on improving your tennis telescopes. Yours is the fun. How sleep before midnight.

stroke or picking more fruit than about making a calendar something August 4. A day to practise.

anyone else in your world—on winlike this: Practise what? Anything—piano,

ning the 4-H awards, becoming the bass viol, auto harp, yodeling, fox most honorable of Honor Bees, or A ugust 1. Sit down and plan just trot, ballet, raspa, jackknife diving,

making that final climb to Eagle how much more work you need penmanship—anything in whichscouthood—you probably haven't to do in order to lift your end of the you want to perfect your skill. Pracdone quite as well as you hoped up family load? Have you been doing tise twice as long today as you

chance—ato now. ButlovelyAugustfinal opportunity.is another it?this Justsummer—dishes,what were yourironing,assignmentsbakplanned, to make(Continuedup for someon pageof500)the

AUGUST 1949 499 IN THE GOOD OID SUMMERTIME (Continued from page 499) Mother. Tidy the attic room. girl or be ye boy, you can do it, and

days you've missed, and then deterStraighten the basement. Is your your parents will love it.

mine not to miss again (except on fishing tackle ready and at hand? Is August 12. While you were

Sunday) this month. And what a your hunting gear assembled? Is learning to cook, did you learn to

glorious month you'll give yourself. your camping equipment inventoclean up? It's more than washing

August 5. Write a list of five ried? Any or all of these is the order dishes. It's keeping the place cleared

things you fear to do. Pick the one of the day. as you go. Utensils beg to be

you most want to do and do it. August 9. Yesterday you started, whisked clean and put away as they

Establish sane precautions and then but we're sure that you didn't finish are used. Then it's easy to arise

be brave. Please don't misunderall of this checking. Hunt up the from dinner and handle the dishesstand me. I'm not suggesting that garden tools and wipe them with oil minus the delaying dread of a messy

you scale that unscalable cliff or—helps that rusty situation. And kitchen. Try it.

drive ninety miles an hour down the while the oil can is in your hand, August 13. Is it hard to get up

main thoroughfare—or any other how about a little of its ease on early for your priesthood meeting?

stupid foolhardy venture, but get those door hinges that sound like It won't be half as hard if your the weight of at least one fear off Inner Sanctum! clothes are in order and at hand

your hunched shoulders and quakAugust 10. While you're in the if you've visited the barber and had

ing knees. Listen carefully to inmood, won't you put the tools where that hair cut—if you've taken time

struction, have someone stand by they belong? Hunt and replace to look over your lessons for the

and then take that first dive in the missing items and then just to prove Sabbath. Such thoughtful preparapool. March right up to that girl that you have great skill, mend that tion on Saturday is like a prelude

that sets the spirit for Sunday. Playthat you've been dodging—and yet

well. tune. You'll It's a nice yours to askwanting date—and her out. AUGUST

it contendedly bathe as you and hum luck! is the day.This And good

August 6. Plan a real "bang up"By Iris W. Schow pull up a clean sheet on a young

clean in mind and body—ready full of so fun sedate, man and hand, of the mature, steadyparty—one surShe for the early of hours a hallowed of Lisa in touch her smile, Mona will thatprises bored. A be one no

earth those comGives of peace days day. enterplan crowd, yourPick your mensurate August 14. Take an hour and to timetainment. hunt Take for mile fruitage. on summer's clever With Now

this really think over day and what mile ride hike, a hayrack hoboideas—a earthward, yearn burdened it boughs life. in can your mean to you A circles, the The a party within canyon the while peach growing of number young and men ininvitations (not too the cryptograms sweetness, and Absorbs winnowed new

hard ones, please), a "cookout"grain, women are lending their weight to using aluminum foil. A party is RefinedGargantuangold receptacleof the land,again.pours into each eliminating sporting events such as

worth making memorable. Eat a baseball games and tennis tournafor the to ments from earth provides days program. dormant Sunday While that toasted has beenmarshmallow

come, of can save time en- a lot and You twig. "justright"of a the endon fruitful tread calmly Let the warm, weeks

if establish ergy your you Sunday is by; it all singing. with NothingEnd

is of time This opulence standards optimum so that need you now singing under than romanticmore eye: inwardlooking steady For pace and never as again about them worry early. or stars.the end it moon of And hours earth These makes certain when

Take a tip from that music festival her goal long as you live. Learn what is exat June conference that left you Are meant for the appraisal of the soul. pected of you and what you believe,

wanting more because it stopped and then stand firm.

just a minute too soon. Don't ever electric cord, replace that missing August 15. Persuade Dad and

let anything drag out to a yawning screw in the toaster, fix that loose Mother to take a day or two for a love stage. This is a hint to wise screen that's been tempting flies into real family camping trip. You don't

gals and fellows. mother's spick kitchen. If you do need fancy equipment, but it is good

August 7. A day for reading. all of this, the merest hint will get to have a tent or its equivalent. It

Start a new section of the scriptures you your favorite devil's food cake is good to have sleeping bags or kit, rolls, firstaid plain bedding a alfinish that have one as might even a reward. you bake You—or food, for arrangements and some it the started. about Book how! learned you'veready How yourself—if

it. refrigerating cooking Plan and of the fromof MorBook Mosiah. 1 1 is specooking This August

all well. tosimply but heads Get if ambitious you've beenmon? Or cialty Last day. asked you week why It will gether. reto something be that, try Third read recentlyand grainy. fudge your Wouldn't went

all lives. of your member all try the again. over OrNephi it find to better out been ahead have

is 16. eve- a This August good powerful. yet SoothingPsalms. of exercise time necessary every and ning try out to prowess your

August 8. This is a wonderful precaution instead of asking aftersquare dancing. It's fun. Take thein

little organizing. that is something a But fudge ward? Goday to do to trouble dress jeans the part—blue is definitely collegegirl oldtime, closets your and cupboardsthrough shirt plaid for the boys, and a

and drawers. Fix up all the things stuff. Why not make a really beaufew yards of calico and an hour ora

that need cleaning or pressing or tiful spaghetti dish and the choicest two at the sewing machine for the mending. Sort out the family games. of salads and surprise the family girls!

Check the fruit storage space for with a special porch party. Be ye (Continued on page 535)

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Free Agency And Social Organization

futhorltananiSm, Mnd <=Jjiemocrac9

Anewernmenttextbookopensin withAmericana phrasegovBY onedculture,by inthewhichtraditionsGodofisEuropeanpictured to the effect that "for better or and viewed something like a heavenworse"all men live in society, and Cj. Afomer Durham, f-k.*Jj. ly Justinian or Diocletian. They not

that all societies, for better or worse, HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT only overlook the basic idea of the are embraced in the modern state. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH nature of God, and of man, as held

A state may be based on the idea in the restored gospel, but they usuof freedom, but the state necessarially know their European political ly implies controls, regulations, enideas better than they know Ameriforcement. Where such controls recan political thinkers. Many indispect the principle of freedom, viduals, even American scholars,

where authority is subject to popular dismiss and deny the existence of participation, selection, arid removal, any real American political philosand to checks and balances, we may ophy in the sense that Jean Bodin assume we have a democratic state. (15301596) or Thomas Hobbes

Where the state is based on the idea (15881679) produced the same.

of authority, where its purpose and This is precisely the point! Bodin,

principal objective is control, where Hobbes, and others were captured, freedom is merely incidental, perheld, imprisoned by their medieval haps accidental, where aucultural inheritance. They

thority is subject to nothing could not conceive a state but its own judgment, we Part Vn or a society without its final assumemay we have an au- T state.thoritarian 1 li11 a Church and Modern Soci "V whichseat ofeverythingauthority,else fromde-

A principal source of porived, whether law and aulitical philosophy and attitudes is Latterday Saints, look askance at thority in the state or ultimate truth found, historically, in religion and our Church organization and govfrom an absolutistic god! How difreligious practice. Much western ernment as absolutism, as authoriferent are the basic concepts in Latpolitical philosophy is in heavy debt tarian and totalitarian—simply beter-day Saint thinking, which in

to the sheer weight of Roman imcause they view any religion, or tracing religious concepts back to perial institutions as crystallized in religious organization, through the the preexistent council of God the age of Constantine, and, corspectacles of the Romanmedieval in organizing and planning the respondingly, to the church organcontinental European tradition. Such present world, view at once, the exization, practice, and teachings persons, while basically religious, feel istence of a kind of "pluralistic"

which grew out of the Roman world. that they have to be irreligious if truly "pluriverse"with Jesus Christ's seThe idea of one God as an absolute democratic. Accepting democracy, lection as Savior and Redeemer

monarch of the universe, seated some feel they must oppose the idea resting on agreement and common however wondrously on a topless of God's existence; for, is not God consent, as well as the choice of

throne parts passions, sans or conthe Father after discussion an absolute monarch? God Who ever

tributed political, to the much 1 plus the in the council; debate of a theological system, as heard say and

well as to the religious philosophy, they, in which God was "elected"recognition of the existence of the of the medieval world. From the by the people and held responsible right of disagreement of the forces

medieval world came the modern to them? Therefore, a person, if of Lucifer, and their secession; plus

state and most modern churches. It democratic, has to be so in opposithe recognition of the probable

is little wonder that many people, tion to religion, as the very idea of varying degrees of "valiance"and steeped in European, especially conGod leads to authoritarianism and "consent"ranging in choice of free tinental European, tradition have despotism, however benevolent. It individuals between Jesus on the one

difficulty in understanding democfollows, in their thinking, that inashand, Lucifer on the other! There

racy. If thoughtful, they also have much as the Latterday Saints grows out of this concept the great

a tendency to think that all religion preach and think much about "diidea of the probation and free agenleads automatically to the concept vine authority,"that although an cy of man on this earth—that the

of an authoritarian church as well individual Latterday Saint may be course of existence is not determined as to an authoritarian state. a "pretty good fellow,"their

system and their organization has Saint1Mentionconceptcouldof thealso pluralitybe madeof ofGods,the Latterdayfor which us, sects have bitterly attacked essential ingredient of uiTt may come as something of a to be viewed with suspicion, because traditionatedbut which remainsChristianan theology, together plurality with the worlds. of See

Fielding ), (ed. shock to many readers of The it is essentially authoritarian and Joseph Smith Teachings the Prophof

Smith, 348355; Taylor, Joseph John The Gospel

2729. 121:32. See also D.Improvement Era that many honanti-democratic. What about this? etKingdom. & C.

est observers, while "liking"the Most of these people are impris- (Continued on page 502)

AUGUST 1949 501

FREE AGENCY AND SOCIAL ORGANIZATION

(Continued from page 501 that God, like a mighty monarch, which was eventually adopted, nor settled in advance, but that decrees destruction to the souls that Churchwide. Later, President Mcmuch depends on the individual and rebel against him. Rather, men will Kay himself was called to become

talent, in his time andhow he uses destruction upon themselves. of the Authorities of one General We

2relation his fellows, to God, and read, accordingly, about the "dethe in Church. of order As a matter

himself. struction of the wicked"on this government, those who hold the

earth. But we usually interpret it as keys of the priesthood invoke the

HThe philosophy of American de- a consequence of the evil of men and common consent of the general mocracy is rooted in the doctrines not as a direct material intervention membership as to whether or not the of "natural rights."John Wise by God. God respects the individual, Church will sustain certain practices

(16521725) was one of the earliest law, order, justice, and mercy. We and developments. Sometimes genand ablest formulators of these arguread about Satan being "bound"but eral Church policies have roots in

ments in America. A congregationnot "disintegrated"nor "liquidated"the field, in the inspiration and exal minister of Ipswich, Massachuas a personal being. perience of the general membership

setts, Wise, in 1717, published A of the Church. There are many exVindication of the Government of |u|artin Luther (14831546) amples of this. Sometimes these

the NetV'England Churches in taught the leavening doctrine policies have roots in direct inspirawhich he stoutly defended the conof "the priesthood of all believers,"tion of those who hold the keys to gregational principle of common as opposed to the select priestcraft the priesthood. There are also many

consent and opposed the transfer of against which he dissented. The examples of this.

control of the churches from the "priesthood of all believers"became members to the clergy, as suggested a living reality in the Restored HThe great political invention of the by Increase and Cotton Mather. Church, where every worthy man modern world is the written law,

Said Wise: may receive it by ordination and in America the written constitution,

commonconsent vote. In a very as a device for popular understand-

I shall consider state of Man in a Natreal sense, therefore, it could be ing and control of civil government.ural Being, as a FreeBora Subject under

the Crown of Heaven, and owing Homage maintained that the inspiration and In the Church of Jesus Christ of to none but God himself. power of God is to all men (and Latterday Saints we have somewomen) in the Church of Jesus thing similar in the book of Doctrine

He argued that no form of governChrist of Latterday Saints. The and Covenants. It is not merely a

ment had been particularly prestory of the development of book of doctrine. It is a book of

scribed by God; that the best form Latterday Saint Sunday Schools doctrine and covenants. Many of

was that which suited the nature is a notable case among hundreds, the sections, if not most, represent and inclination of the people, namein point, where men and women, ideally, covenants between God and ly, democracy. Wise thus argued "anxiously engaged in a good cause, man. But it is fundamental and imfor the government of the church.... of their own free will... bring to portant to note, that as canon law

Implied from his arguments was the pass much righteousness."(D. & C. of the modern Church, the entire

notion that if democracy is the best 58:27.) ( The next verse of the revvolume was adopted by vote of the

government for the church, it is obelation is also worth quoting: "For membership of the Church, some

viously the best government for the the power is in them, wherein they things being included that did not state, for civil society. His works are agents unto themselves."[Ibid., purport to be revelations from God

were much in demand by the leaders 58:28. Italics author's.] ) In the case—direct evidence of the workings

of the American revolution. of President David O. McKay, as of the democratic spirit."This is

Wise correctly argued that man a second assistant in a stake supernot to impugn nor defeat the reality must be free, and unless bound by intendency of Sunday Schools, a of the doctrine of authority. It is, in

his own consent, owes "homage to carefully graded courseof-study fact, a demonstration of the way none but God himself."This is system was worked out in Ogden in which really divine, and not

liberal doctrine. But it is still psuedodivine, authority actually

not as liberal as we find in the operates. The history of the relarestored homage gospel—man's to THE ARTIST tionthe doctrinebetween ofdivinecommonauthorityconsentandin matter of free, voluntaryGod is a

choice which cannot be forced! AlBy Arthur Wallace Peach the history of the founding and orwill of the ganization Church demthough to homage may be owed God

painted no pictures fact. this hisonstrate Church Our Shein the that sense shall "every knee"her fame; That won to indicate real that the tory seems tonguebend confess and yet sang Jesus, She no songs

we have the pattern of the council That brought acclaim. test of divine authorityin-practice,

and compliance with the doctrine ofsalvation—thatof the Gods andeventhe entirewhen planintelliof SheNowroughtartistry;in marble lies in authority's recognition of

beingsgent rebel against God, God SheLikedid dreamsnot danceset free. common (consent.To be continueddoes not "destroy"them. Rebellion

brings sorrow, loss, and evil. She wrote no music 2See Jeanette M. Morrell, "The Sunday School

208210, 1949. 243, Instructor May thousands played;Progress retrogression. becomes Activities of President David Vol. 84. O. McKay,"joy But ButThat and love vol. the 18. 2, chapter *See History Church, what—with ofnowhere the suggestion do we find throughout. she made! home A

502 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Ye Of Little Faith

The kernel of this story has been told WarlLnJ'Ujam "Mommy wants me to stay close & before, by far more competent authors. to home."

Whether it is true or not, I do not "That's a good girl to mind,"he know. If it is fiction, I am sincerely insaid and patted her little shoulder.

debted to its originator and here acThen with the child still in his arms, his I presence,knowledge though do he sat down on the old wagon true name. it is a... If not know his wheel. His eyes and his thoughts tale, it deserves a place in pioneer

literature. Whether fact or fiction, it took in the heavens.

is a great lesson in moral courage and "Sir?"In his arms she could only

religious faith, and is a story that desee his beard and cheeks.

serves retelling, and remembering. "Yes."He answered her as a

I heard it from my grandmother, busy father answers a child, not

Carrie Laub Richards; the adaptation really answering, but responding

is my own. unconsciously.

"Can I pray, too?"

was tired—terribly tired, and HeShediscouraged. She'd played all the childlookedwith intosurprise.the big"Why,eyes ofof

the games she knew how to play, course you can pray, child. Don't

over and over and over again. And you say your prayers every night?"

so she sat dejectedly on the old "Mostly Daddy prays for us—for

wagon wheel, and picked at the Mommy and me. But I thought that

dwarfed sunflowers that grew bebeen short and brittle and snapped if I prayed, too, maybe it would tween the spokes. The yellow petals easily. help. Daddy has to ask for so many

fell, unheeded, on her dress. Her Nothing had been right since other things. But I just could pray

dress! She'd even forgotten that then. Everything had been drying for rain 'cause I don't need anyelse."thing while the sleeves were striped dried the earth the up. as and And "Pray, my dear. And I know itrest had been was flowered. And it crusted, to the bepeople seemed

I in will help. Father our know issue this morning,a when major crusty dry and come too—and britwill answer. hear and heaven you the the last of emptiedMother had or no whispering tle! There was

all flour into the bin, and had finished gentle swaying or playful slapping You should pray, Amanda. We He stopped short, her dress with the empty sack. in the group. Every movement, should pray—."

startled a long, almost gave her to play, her out they'd sent Then every answer all was brittle—and look, repeated, should and "We to bother told any them her notand easily. snapped

as singing almost pray."was He hadn't that day. supposed Shemore dejectedly so she played And

little to him, her he hugged body too, lunch, so she'dthey meant that sunflowers the gone with grew beback when her little stomach sigtween the spokes of an old wagon then set her on her feet, and strode naled "empty."But her mother wheel which lay in the field behind away.

She watched him for a momentthrust a shriveled carrot into her the cabin.

hand and pushed her out the door. then dropped to her knees beside

There was no milk because the cows XX/hat could she do to help? Dadthe wagon wheel, and folded her

just as her taught had Mother arms grass starving death. to Thewere said righteous deeveryone's dy to do. all they up, dried had no andhad sires they'd so answered. were And finished, she she walked When becausefeed. bread There no was the night prayed. prayed Each and to picked quickly her yard back and for of grainthe dying want was together, knelt three and of them

all tools lying the she could see up little flour therewater, and what loud strong night each Daddy's in placed under the them open and against left to saved had bewas fill the she voice room. would And shelter. the the barrow dragged Shegreater need. closer to shake would and move just into the shed tugged and had

She wanted to play with Mother; Mother. Surely, if God heard anyher father's shirt off the line when

but Mother's eyes were deep and one, he would hear Daddy. And her mother called.

rain wanted worrieddark came. now. She yet and no on! Come "Amanda—Amanda! in loved to runto help Daddy. looked She She up just called to President us all as a huge foot alThe

call reapers, to her her. thefront of and stepped most on for meeting."the a prayer Square

father when she found a bird's nest. "Hello, Amanda."The stocky "Just a minute, Mommy."And

It was nice to feel the golden stalks man with the brown hair and the she dashed into the cabin to search whispering around her, and slapping bushy beard lifted her effortlessly for something.

at her, and swaying before her like into his arms. He, too, was strained

the real gold she often pretended it and tiredlooking. But his eyes were All but a few stragglers had arto be. But they hadn't been out to soft and gentle. "You haven't been rived when she finally reached

the wheat for some time. And the over to see any of my little boys and the Square with her precious article

last time they'd gone, the stalks had girls, lately."(Concluded on page 526)

AUGUST 1949 503 MISSION TO POLYNESIA

In 1843 Addison Pratt and three The Story of Addison Pratt tives from Mahu, left for Mataura.

other elders were called to open a When they arrived, they were met mission for the Church among the And The by Church members and friends,

Polynesian people on the islands of who were more than a little happy the Pacific. Knowlton Hanks died and Society Islands Mission to see their missionary. At the time

was buried at sea, but Addison, Noah the newly arrived missionaries were

Rogers, and Benjamin F. Gvouard in the chapel, teaching some new

April the Isi ndreached on of Tubuai nearly seven 1844,30, spending after <Jjoute oi. Ljtreeti hymns to the people.

friends walked and his Addison & ocean. Elders Rogers on themonths

songs. ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR into between the building Tahiti, continued Grouard on toand

but Addison remained on Tubuai at After introductions were made, Adthe request of the people to preach the dison offered his hand. "No,"said

gospel. taura, on the other side of the island. one of the missionaries, "I shall not

Immediately he dispatched a note give my hand until we are better to Brother Hill (who was in charge acquainted."

of the branch ), asking him to send a sat said nothing but Addison if there message were news any first the was Addison in front "look he could whereAlthough of down the importance. evening mesThat ever missionary white had who full face."in the them

letter a with which returned senger for of time lived any length among the people of the island of revealed that missionaries from the After the services were over, one

Tubuai, missionary work had been ship had been on shore telling the of the men, by the name of Howe, carried forward on the island for people "all the scandalous reports said to Addison, "I understand that to these islands in have come you that reported about had ever been fifty years by representativessome preacher."of a capacity is the Smith that Joseph the Mormons; society. missionaryof a Protestant

And although the society had done a liar and a false prophet, and the "That I have,"Addison anmuch good, including helping to reBook of Mormon is a lie; that his swered.

duce the native language to writing, (Joseph Smith's) followers worship "I suppose that you are aware and translating and printing the him, and also the Virgin Mary, and that many years ago our missionary

Bible, still some of its representathe Saints, and that there is no difsociety established a mission among tives, Addison heard, were reported ference between the Prophet and these islands at a very vast expense."

to be anything but true Christians. the Pope, and much more of that Then he continued at some length,

The first actual contact Addison stuff."The letter also stated that describing the work they had done

had with these missionaries came in the members of the Church wished and the sacrifices they had made.

July after he had been on the island Addison to come over on the mor- "And now,"he continued, "we have nearly three months. Early one row without fail. the Bible translated into this lanSabbath morning while Addison guage...."

was in the village of Mahu, he reThArly Monday morning, Addison, "And now that you have the Bible ceived word that a ship was at Maaccompanied by a number of natranslated into their language,"Addison said when he finished, "are Noah ever making a convert that Addison said, and handed them a you unwilling to have it preached we have any record of. copy of the Book of Mormon and

to them?""Precisely so it is in these last "The Voice of Warning,"a tract

Taken aback, Mr. Howe andays. The Lord raised up his by Parley P. Pratt. "If you will

swered, "No, not if you preach the Prophet, whose name is Joseph pray for me 6n this basis, I will make

Bible to them."Smith, and ordered him to estabthe same prayers for you."

"I preach nothing else,"Addison lish the Church of Jesus Christ acThe three then hurried out of the said. cording to its original plan. He has church but remained on the island

"But,"protested the minister, "I obeyed the command and has sent for several hours before they reunderstand you have another book forth the servants, of whom I am turned to the ship.

you call a bible that you teach them one, to warn the people."

from."Then holding up his right hand f")N the first Sabbath following the

"It is a mistake,"Addison antoward heaven, he continued: "I missionaries'visit to the island,

swered. "We have no book that call upon the heavenly hosts to Addison devoted his talks to points

we call a bible but the Old and New witness that I know Joseph Smith that had been raised by them, espeTestament. We have a book we is a good man and a Prophet of the cially concerning proper conduct,

call the Book of Mormon, but it is authority, and baptism. Realizing

no use to teach them anything from the great power of proper example, that till they understand the Bible he said: "You all have been eyewell."witnesses to my conduct for more

A long discussion of the princithan five months, and you know well ples of the gospel followed. Toward whether I have acted the part of

the end of the conversation Addison a good man or a bad one. So you

( the missionasked if they believed in the second have not to go to them

Icoming of Christ. aries) for my character, nor need

"To be sure we do."tell you any tales about them. You

"And how will he come?"know well their precepts and their examples. You are eyewitnesses

"Precisely as it says, 'But as the that I have taught you nothing but days of Noe were, so shall also the'what I practise myself."

coming of the Son of man be.'The visit of the missionaries to

(Matt. 24:37.) the island greatly strengthened Ad-

"And how was that?"Addison dison's position, rather than weakasked. ened it.

"Why, they were eating and Many years earlier the missionary drinking till the day that Noah ensociety had set aside one day each tered into the ark, and the floods year for an annual meeting of all came and swept them all away."ADDISON PRATT the people on the island for the pur-

"Did it take them unawares?"pose of collecting a "tax"of arrowoil. was day The coconut root and did.""It

is I prethis work Lord, and know feasting merof and one to be set up it upon them have come "Would of the coming to second paratory people to the incentive as riment, an theso, the warning taken they had I lie I lie, in if the name Christ, and large contribute and to participate

Lord sent them?"of the Lord. Eternal damnation, and amounts of produce to the society.

To this question the missionary nothing less, is the penalty for such In the year 1 844, preparations for did not answer. So Addison con- a crime. But if I am telling the truth the feast went on as usual. Large

tinued: "How was it in the days of and you heed it not, you will have underground ovens were prepared

Noah? It was thus: The Lord raised to suffer the consequences."and heated, and onto the hot rocks

up a prophet and told him to go "I roared on them like a lion,"to be covered by leaves and sand forth and warn the people faithfulAddison wrote in a letter home. went five full grown pigs, hundreds

ly, and if they did not repent of "I believe my eyes flashed, for I felt of fish, generous amounts of taro their sins and turn from their as if I could swallow them all at one for pot, and other vegetables.

wicked ways, he would bring upon mouthful."At sunrise on the festive day,

them a flood that would destroy Advancing some other points of virtually the entire population of them all. This prophet went forth doctrine, Addison offered the misthe island gathered to hear a sermon

according to command, but the peosionaries his Bible to find scriptures preached by Addison. Then the

ple made light of what he said, notto confute them. But the missionfeast took place. Addison thought

withstanding he was warning 120 aries, dumbfounded by the strength that he had never seen such great years. and power of Addison's testimony, quantities of food. It was served, a

"Toward the close of the period replied that they had to go aboard share to each of the families on the

God commanded him to build an the ship. And anyway they said, as islands, on a long table consisting

ark, and set it on dry land. This long as Addison preached the truth, of coconut leaves spread on the

was another warning before their they would pray for his success, but ground. Addison's portion was half

eyes, but they made sport of it all. if he preached error, they would a hog, and vegetables in proportion.

And the Lord brought upon them pray that it might fall to the ground. No one could eat his share of food,

the flood as he promised without "Our prayers are united, then,"{Continued on page 532)

AUGUST 1949 505 Brush dam in the San Juan River near Bluff. This particular dam was built in 1910 and saved Bluff from destruction.

SYNOPSIS

1851, President the year BrighamTn colonies sent the The Fort on the to extend Young

Mormon territory to the south. Those

who went had to fight four adversaries: vessels of tribulation, called to the "Until you get well?"asked

the Utes, the Navajos, the renegade whites, peculiar mission of "turning the Haskell, without looking up.

and nature, which seemed at times the other cheek also,"and acting as the "Tell him if he'll let me live, I'll greatest adversary treaty with of all. No indispensable shock absorber benever touch any of your horses

States couldthe United guarantee the settlers from the depredations of the Nava* tween Utah's older settlements and again,"and Frank leaned despairjos. Even Kit Carson who displaced the a pack of threatening evils, were ingly on the table as he delivered

Indians had found it impossible to quell destined to be brought low many the last words of his appeal.

them. Jacob Hamblin and Thates Haskell times within an inch of their lives, A strange and deadly malady

genuinely Indians, loved the time and roughneck Norgwinup's two of seized heel the to perish under never but timeafter to reluctant peace, them a won stark and stiff left them their sons, and enemies. True, they had major itonly to have broken because again of

the actions of the renegade whites. But not yet conquered the first of those by the fire in the wickiup. A cold

at last the Mormons had begun their enemies, but they were to fight on chill ran through both tribes. While

settlement, in the face of Indian attack and and on, panting and persisting and the chill lingered, half a dozen other nature. praying on the edge of despair. inveterate Piute thieves met with

The changes which come in huheavy misfortune or death, and

XI man fortunes may be by slow and some of Old Frank's most ardent imperceptible degrees, but there are disciples suffered surprising reThesecurityPiutes andgrinnedtooktheireveryperfectuntimessuddenness.when theyThatcomeis thewithwaystunningthey verses.Frank lived ten or fifteen years

guarded thing they wanted. The broke on the despoilers of the fort. after that, a poor, broken, humbled

coming of the Mormons to their A big Navajo came slowly on his wreck of the splendid figure he country was a most fortunate windpony from the way of the river. used to be, and he had a story to

fall which they intended to gather in Carefully and pantingly he distell about the fury of the Mormon spite of Mormon protests, Mormon mounted at Haskell's door and went God and his love for his people.

guards, and Mormon herders also, stooping inside with feeble step. It

and with extra contempt, in spite of was the grand champion, Frank, Rattle and horses were safe for all the imaginary evils which Hashis vigorous physique blighted like the present, so far as the Inkell had predicted upon them. a squash in the frost of October. dians were concerned, but in as

Erastus Snow had predicted that Something in the nature of quick much danger as ever from thieves.

the unfriendly Indians would melt consumption had made his great As the immunity from arrest in away, yet the most unfriendly of lungs cave in as a deflated balloon, San Juan was whispered more widethem were enjoying good health and and he wheezed and gasped for ly in the realm of crime, the stream unusual prosperity. They lived easy enough breath to keep him alive. of "white trash"swelled in volume.and fat and fearless. Their grand "Tell your God—"he gasped, in If they could just reach the borders

champion, Frank, was the image of desperation of appeal, and paused of San Juan, they could work in

Navajo affluence. for more breath, "tell your God I've safety for a grubstake with one of

But the end was not yet. These quit stealing your horses."the cowoutfits at Blue Mountain,

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA or at the worst they could appropriate a fresh horse, or hide among the rocks eating somebody's beef till they could go farther. From

San Juan they could skip in any one of ten directions with nine chances to one of not being followed, and then with a sure chance of obliterating whoever might be so stupid as to follow them.

With a pistol on each hip and a long gun under their saddlefender, they stopped frequently at San Juan

Coop for coffee and bacon, appearing from nowhere and vanishing into the same place. Every good An early photograph of a grave at Soldier Crossing

horse not being watched or hidden in some terrible gulch, or on some taken by them, and the flattopped tion in mind, Platte D. Lyman, Joinaccessible mesa, vanished with Elk Mountain, fifty miles to the seph F. Barton, and Orrin Kelsey

mysterious suddenness never to be northwest of Bluff, was claimed and rigged out with pack horses to exseen again. monopolized by the Piutes. It was plore the mountain, known to the

The men of the fort clung for their sacred hunting ground, a reIndians only who guarded its trails served area of primeval wilderness from all intruders. Those trails had

such as their fathers had enjoyed not yet been found by the outside, before the invasion of white men. and the Piutes intended they should

Also, it was a safe and ready retreat never be found. The Elk MountainFiring Line after the punitive expeditions they is a tableland, and much of its pre-

R. JL man against those white invaders. impossibleThe Piutesof ascent.occupied the three &7 JtLt had made and would yet make cipitious rim length is difficult or

Jf the San Juan Mission were ever valleys east of the mountain, and their very lives to all the cattle and to succeed as a buffer state, to they made it their business to see horses they could save from the endure as the lightning rod for that no one passed through to prowlers, but they had no summer catching and neutralizing every climb the steeps west of them, range. It was hard on cattle to live blast of fury before it could cross Platte Lyman and his companions

through the warm months in the low the Colorado River, and if the missucceeded in getting into First Valcountry, and then have to winter on sion were ever to become sufficiently ley without being seen, but when the hills they had grazed bare. This, strong and influential to soothe and they undertook to climb the mouneven without any other of their hintame the source from which the tain, there was no trail, but a steep

drances, would prevent them from lightning generated, then it would surface of rugged rock, increasing their herds. Blue Mounhave to lift its head above the slugTying their horses to the cedars,

tain was claimed by the aggressive gish tide of poverty. If it were ever the three men scrambled up afoot to

cattle kings who had come in from to master its three major adversathe top and found a wonderful

Colorado, and they would endure ries, it would have to have more catcountry of tall timber and waving no crowding. LaSal, too, besides tie, and that meant a summer range, grass, rich underbrush, and flowers.

being rather too far away, was With this vital phase of the situaThey walked all day, going as far

The anchorage for Amasa Barton's waterwheel, standing on the bare shelf of rock after as what is now known as Wooden years. sixtytwo This protruding log, seventyfive feet above the river, held a treadmill Shoes, and returned in the evening

worked. in which a donkey

enthusiastic over the prospect. They

got back to Bluff without being seen by the Piutes, but their tracks through that sacred solitude nettled the Indians, and their resentful responses along with other worries and surprises hindered the Bluff men for months from exploring further.

\\7hen, after a long time they were free to go again, Platte Lyman,

Kumen Jones, and Hyrum Perkins succeeded only in getting into the edge of First Valley before the vigilant Piutes rushed out and (Continued on page 508) AUGUST 1949 507

THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE

(Continued from page 507) ley below, they appeared to be reand searched eagerly for any tremor formed themselves into a dark half solved on some vengeful action. of fear, for the least sign of any

circle across the trail ahead of them Henry was not with them; he had weakening under the weight of his

and back along each side. Every been in sight but a few minutes bewrath and could find no fit moment

one of those dusky faces was hard fore and was no doubt watching for his initial growl. They were

and unyielding; not one of them from cover. simply wearing him out with their

would answer a question nor speak, The three explorers took silent stubborn composure, and finding it but among themselves. They simply account of what this demonstration impossible to maintain such a

sat there on their cayuses looking was intended to suggest, and what mighty pitch without it even being as grim and terrible as they could, a it might really mean. They considrecognized, and his dignity about

silent and fearsome protest against ered how they were beyond the end to shrink in the estimation of his any admission to their sacred mounof the known trail and fifty miles waiting braves, he signaled them tain. from Bluff, and how Bluff was three to move on, and they camped in a

The three men, exercising such or four times that far from any help grove of oak fifty yards down the benevolent chivalry as they could on whom they might call in case of canyon. Henry came down the hill

with an adversary frozen to silence, trouble. They could appreciate also over their trail as if he had been

turned back around one end of the how serious this matter was to the following them and joined them half circle and rode forward again, Piutes who, if they allowed any inwhere they seemed to be holding hoping to follow the trail they were vasion of their retreat, would lose a powwow.

on to the top of the mountain. That their precious huntingground and Mike had to make some facetrail led through the cedars to Secbe overrun by the outside. Their saving explanations; he had met

ond Valley and on to the ridge of appreciation of this very thing with something unexpected, and in rocks and trees to the north, but showed in their angry faces, and spite of all his boasts, his men had there it had been camouflaged with they had nothing to fear from any to watch in vain while he did jealous care: a web of tracks in all method by which they might want nothing. In half an hour he came

directions, no trail at all, and they to register their objections. It was back along to where the three men

stopped in bewilderment looking for their own world where they were had camped, still with no word to a possible way to go. and had ever been supreme. Uncle say, apparently hoping to take up

Then out from the forest around Sam's laws could not reach them the fight where he had left off, to them came the slender Piute boy, whatever they decided to do. inspire the fear and find the opHenry, riding a lean roan colt; HenFighting silently a battle for portunity of redeeming his dignity

ry, whose honest, youthful heart, calmness within, yet hiding all outof leadership. Platte Lyman spread

like a gem nestling with crude ward signs of the conflict, the scouts a big slice of bread with homemade stones, had made glad response to searched their souls for all the molasses and held it forth to him

Haskell's fervent words. Hurriedly strategies of the new warfare. The without a word. And without a

in an undertone he directed the prime objective just now was not to word Mike took it and closed his three men where to go, and when get a summer range for the people of ponderous mouth over one wide they turned to ask him more questhe fort, but to foil what might be corner. It made but a few bites for

tions, he was gone. Yet again when death in this trackless mountain. him, but he got a second and a

they paused in perplexity, he apThey talked freely with each other third slice, munching them with peared as before, showed them the about things in general, preserving audible relish.

way and vanished in a clump of an appearance of complete unconHis dark countenance changed, cedars. Up along the narrow backcern. there was a weakening around the

bone, hidden by the trees, and then Moencopi Mike was the leading corners of his wide mouth, "Nini (Ialong the shelf to what is known as spirit of the gang—he with the tooitch tickaboo,"he grunted.

Dwarf Spring, he directed them, Berkshire boar neck and the one like you.

riding out many times from the who, according to the sworn stateFull of bread and molasses, he cover of trees and brush and dodgment of the Navajos, had murdered sauntered away to bring the other ing from sight lest his people should Mitchel and Myric with his own Indians and talk it over. As the

know the part he was taking. He hand. He glared at the three men night winds moaned over them

led them to Kigaly Spring, and to with muddy eyes, toying all the through the tall pines, they reached the other good springs of the mountime with the stock of his pistol as an understanding in which the tain, his copper face agleam with if about to take it from the holster. Piutes agreed to a certain price

the radiant light of friendship. Mike's men stood waiting for his for the use of their mountain. But

The three explorers camped at initial word of beginning on the big besides the stipulated amount which

Kigaly Spring, and in the evening things he had boasted he would they knew would be paid in liberal that ugly half circle of Piutes from do, but whether or not his gang measure, they had dreams of finding

First Valley, having followed them was aware of it, he was exerting fat cattle and valuable horses in up, came stringing down through himself to his utmost in an unseen the thicklywooded canyons of their the quaking asps and stopped silent conflict with these bold invaders. retreat where they could enjoy much

and sinister around their camp. It was that inevitable contest which desirable privacy in helping themWith their dark faces set in harder begins the moment when eyes of selves. It was easy to track a thief

lines than they had worn in the valenemies meet. Mike glared at them (Continued on page 528)

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEMPLE SQUARE V By RICHARD L. EVANS

plete, we shall be better prepared and below the average. The fact

Uo a (.feneration to meet the many adjustments that that the average man isn't starving

are sure to come. And now as to doesn't tell us anything about the

oLeavina Jchool the future: It would be difficult to man who is starving. The fact that

appraise the permanent prospects the average man may try to meet his

As each school year comes to a of any particular occupation or honest obligations doesn't prove close, another generation of profession. But no matter what lies anything about the people who

young people are appraised and before us, character, faith, intellidon't make much effort to meet promoted and graded and gradugence, loyalty, and reliability will their obligations. The fact that the

ated. Many, of course, will return always be held at high premium; average rainfall is adequate doesn't

to continue their studies; some will and the future holds much promise give much comfort to a farmer who

go to higher halls of learning; but for the welltrained young man or has to face floods at one time and

each year there are many who foryoung woman so long as he is willburning drouth at another. The fact

ever leave school doors behind ing to work and so long as he has not that the average temperature in a leave teachers, and campus, and lost the capacity to learn. But more certain city is seventy degrees doescherished companions. And despite tragic than he who thinks there are n't take into account that it may be

all outward exuberance and all exno more worlds to conquer is he who unbearably cold in the winter and pressions of relief, it is a sober time thinks he has finished his education. unbearably hot in summer. The

for youth, as they leave their days And more tragic than either is he Savior of the world once preached of preparation to go out into a world who supposes that there are no a sermon on the fallacy of averages.

that expects performance. And as more truths to be discovered, that You won't find these very words in

they go forth to assume their share there are no further facts to come holy writ. But you will remember the

of the world's burdens and responforth. parable of the ninety and nine sheep

sibilities, it is exceedingly important—June 5, 1949. who were safe, and of the one who

that they take with them much more Revised was lost. If the Good Shepherd

than formal facts committed to had been deceived by the fallacy of memory. It is important that they averages, he would perhaps have

take with them a reliable sense of Jke jraltaciA of rveraaei failed to go forth to find the one facts sift the to ability the values, lost. not Averages was who may it is to time an opportune TDerhaps from truths the fallacies, the from speaking are much mean when we respects the again our to pay the from essentials the theories, the children of or of mine, or of your

figures. fallacy of are somefair- in We must nonessentials. We of ourselves other or even men.

inclined look to times with considthings that some reminded be ness figanything prove by may "You satisfaction erable of columns upon effort great with learned havewe ures,"Carlyle. wrote But Thomas indifigures to assorted which seem that some forgotten; will be soon child every man, and woman, who is all that the well average. cate with next textbooks year's may this of individual earth with the walks is an

statistical take seldom columns But that obsolete; many becomeyear his identity, the immortal and own all facts into account, of the and that added change; will theories are personal not of people problems

this elusive individual as known light. to coming is constantly truth figures frequently solved or by by is rarely found. average""the The our to keep learned if have But we fixed far places. formulas from We fallacy of averages appears when future all the that for open minds at their look people probmust and

lies at to look begin above what we if learned have forth; we bringmay individually lems with open and

to value high qualities of character eyes. Figures can be made to fool

above mere intellectual acumen; if us if we let them.

we have learned to avoid intolerant—June 12, 1949.

dogmatism, academic or otherwise, and have learned to guard against Revised assuming that our education is com- (Concluded on page 510)

H eardwide fromradiothenetwork"crossroadsthroughof thekslwest"and thewithcolumbiathe salt broadcastinglake tabernaclesystemchoireveryand sundayorgan overat 11:30a nation-a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

AUGUST 1949 509 THE SPOKEN WORD (Concluded from page 509) the world could easily be eliminated proposal from anyone until we have first this further discussion simply one asked from by question. And1 Jt MM?f

it situations, in social this is bus- "Is true asking question: this one

Constantly we are all confronted right?"If it is, we may well coniness opportunities, in matters of

with many prospects and possider it further. We may then reaprofit or popularity, in private and

sibilities and proposals. Indeed, life sonably ask whether or not it is in public. Putting the wrong quesis an endless series of decisions. convenient, whether or not it is tion first, and giving it the wrong

And one of the questions frequentprofitable, whether or not we want answer may well complicate and ly asked when proposals are preto do it. But if it isn't right, we are compromise life from that time

sented is this: "What is there in wasting our time in asking any other forth. And so, whenever we have

it for me?"It isn't always so frankquestion, because if it isn't right, it a choice to make, a decision to

ly phrased or so bluntly stated as isn't worth it, no matter what else reach, a proposal to consider, an this, but it is often the first question there may be in it for anyone. In the opportunity to weigh, this is the first

asked, nevertheless. Surely it is not materialistic mode of our day, this question: "Is it right?"Then, and

improper that the question of permay sound to some like impractical only then, it may be time to ask sonal profit should frequently preidealism. Cynicism would surely other questions, including, perhaps:

sent itself, but it is exceedingly sweep it aside. But actually it is a "What is there in it for me?"But

doubtful if the matter of material hardheaded fact, an unalterable if it isn't right, there is nothing in it gain should ever be the first quesreality, for which all time, all exthat we or anyone else can afford.

tion. Rather, should not the first perience, all happiness and unhappiIf it isn't right, the other questions

question to any proposal be simply ness, all success and failure provide don't matter. If it isn't right, let it

this: "Is it right?"A large part the proof. There is no other basis alone.

of all the proposals that are made in on which we should entertain any—June 19, 1949.

because he belongs to what seems be too much impressed with names cLooklna dSetAond <Labei5 to be acceptable society, nor can and badges and labels and to acwe always condemn him simply becept things or people merely because "pMERSON wrote in one of his escause he doesn't. If we accept the they are traveling with others who

says: "I am ashamed to think wolf in sheep's clothing, we still are accepted. Every man has a right

how easily we capitulate to badges have a wolf and not a sheep. This to be, and must expect to be, judged

and names...."* It is undeniably isn't true only of people; it is true on his own merits. Badges don't

true that we often accept things for also of actions, of things, of virtues make men; names don't change the

what they seem to be on the surface. and vices. An unworthy act isn't nature of things; vices don't beOne look at a label is often all we good merely because it is performed come virtues simply because they

ask. We are sometimes so impressed by a man who has a reputation for travel with virtues. If we accept a

with names that we may not look goodness. And a worthy act isn't poisonous toadstool simply because

closely enough at the man. Somebad merely because it is performed it is traveling with edible mushtimes we accept a person merely beby someone who is held in poor rerooms, we are in trouble. It isn't cause of the company he keeps. safe to accept people or things or

Perhaps it is generally true that pute. All of us have our faults, and ideas simply because they are travpeople can be judged by the comall of us have our virtues, and we eling in what seems to be acceptable

pany they keep, but it is not invarimust not expect our faults to be society. Everything should be conably true, nor is it invariably a fair condoned merely because they travsidered for itself.

or adequate or safe judgment. We el with our virtues. To go back to—June 26, 1949.

cannot always accept a man simply Emerson's idea, it is hazardous to elf -Reliance

FAITH, FEAR, AND THE RATTIE OF IDEAS (Concluded from page 483) ideas on the side of those who oppose democrats, for disciples of free entermatters little) could produce in time communism. All the material power prise and free elections, of multiple

the undesired communist victory by of the Roman Empire was insufficient parties and the right to disagree, are:

default. If democracy, free enterprise, to halt the spread of the idea of Christ "What is our faith? Upon what is it

of conreligion, freedom Christian the and him crucified. The testimony of grounded? How does it operate in the preare to be science and association

is evil resisted?"served, it will be as much by the validJoseph Smith survived the shot and lead lives of men? How

ity of an underlying faith as in material of Carthage Jail. Even God, the FaAs in basketball, the best defense in

ability. Communism involves, true, ther, permits Satan freedom of conthe battle of ideas may be a good ofmore than ideological warfare. But science and much freedom of action! fense—in this case, effective rendition

that warfare requires the power of Perhaps the real questions for western of democracy and not hysteria.

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

RISE UP AND WALK

(Percy Elliott Lindley. Chapman

Grimes, Boston. 1949.

171 pages. $2.50.) B JS &<s\tcue\i. and

|}r. Lindley, Dean of Hyde Point

College also and of Professor Revolume, which, for THIS example, accepts SAME HOURAT ligious Education has in attempted the in this the theory, day long since exBros., L. Evans. Harper(Richard & twelve chapters this of inspire to book ploded, that Sidney Rigdon wrote the pages. 1949. 207 York. $2.00.New to youth life. the higher goals of Not of Book or Mormon, the disproved

Co popular have been the "sermontheory that the story of the first vision only does the author use his own in this thoughts task, but also he preettes"Tabernacle Choir on the and was concocted by Joseph in Smith sents stories a wealth of and anecdotes is that this fourth the broadcastOrgan 1 838, and fails to that note the Anthon lives from the great of people, encoureagerlypublished has been which book Transcript, published over a century to aging striving every upward youth. public. receptive This aawaited by At ago, still existing, and has been shown

collection of itself The anecdotes three, like the Hour, toSame be Egyptian as claimed the by Book justify this would book. It should be in thoughtfulabounds of Mormon. "capsules"—toother

in very useful the building of charhis the author's fromborrow word Dr. Braden's informative sets book A. W.dedication*. One of the virtues of this out clearly that when eternal truth is acter.—/.

book is that no matter how busy a not the basis of religious thought, only get to timeperson can enough is, he confusion A. W. THEIR FINEST HOUR follows.—/. bits to of these whichread some on

S. Churchill. (Winston Houghton until gets he time to read THREEponder some TIMELY TREASURES Mifflin Co., 1949. Boston.

of these thoughtprovoking paramore Strong. Leon Published M. by Leon pages. 751 $6.00.) that conveniencegraphs. Another has M. Strong, City, Sugar Idaho.

been attended to is the size of the 1948. 103 pages. $1.50.) 'T'his book, the second volume of

book which permits easy carrying for Winston Churchill's history of '"The author has spent a lifetime of World War II, carries on from Theready accessibility of reading.

The book includes something more teaching in the department of eduGathering Storm in Churchill's inimitthan 150 sermonettes classified under cation of the Church. From his studies able manner—and unusual vitriolic

ten great heads with subdivisions and he has selected three discussions of charm, and unique language and style.

specific titles falling under these. In general interest. The first deals with To the Americans there may be a bit

addition there is a section which inthe dispensations of the gospel: the of acid in the theme of the volume in

cludes sermonettes on Special Days. meaning of a dispensation, when diswhich Churchill states: "How the

At This Same Hour is more than pensations occurred, and other inforBritish people held the fort ALONE enough to prove a stimulus to every mation of interest to gospel students. till those who hitherto had been half

half ready."can No onereader and thinker. M. C. /. Thetribes,secondsettingisfortha discussionthe scripturalof theargulost blinduse mouthfilling,were soulstirring, fighting

THESE ALSO BELIEVE mentslocation.for Thetheir twoexistencetheoriesand ofpresenttheir wordsand thisanybookbetteris a thangoodcanexampleChurchillof his

(Charles Samuel Braden. Macmillan whereabouts are mentioned, without language as well as of his philosophy.

Co., New York. 1949. taking sides in this interesting discusStudents of rhetoric as well as students

491 pages. $6.00.) sion. The third is a history of the of history will find this book of great

rpHis study of "Modern American tribe of Judah, which is of special invalue.

Cults"is essentially an interesting terest to Latterday Saints because of It, together with The Gathering and unbiased presentation of the histhe descent of Jesus the Christ. There Storm, is an invaluable source book

tory and doctrine of thirteen socalled are informative tables that show the which will more than prove its value "minority religious movements in relationship of the various leaders of not only currently but also in the years list begins with Father theAmerica."The Jewish kingdom before Christ and to come.—M. C. J. after. endsDivine and with Mormonism,

touching on the way Psychiana, New It is an interesting little volume thatThought, Unity, Christian Science, will quite repay the short time needed KNOW THE BIBLE

Theosophy, I Am, Liberal Catholic in reading it.—/. A, W. (Arranged and compiled by Benjamin

Church, Spiritualism, Jehovah's Wit- B. Alward. Stevens & Wallis, Inc.,

nesses, AngloIsrael, and the Oxford SHORT STORY CRAFT Salt Lake City. 1949. 184 pages.

Group. (Lillian Gilkes and Warren Bower. $1.00. $1.50 in cloth.)

Co., Macmillan

It if is the best, not the only, attempt in the few people New York. 1949. HPoo Western 501 pages. $3.50.) present various theseto of beforms Hemisphere the Bible well know

lief in one easily read volume. Tn addition to the "Introduction"and enough to quote chapter and verse.

The work is well done as would be "Memo from the Editor's Desk,"This reference book, arranged under expected from the distinguished profeswhich afford a wise and careful analysixty questions and topics of vital imsor of the history and literature of sis of short story technique and reasons portance, gives quotations to indicate religions in Northwestern University. for rejections, the book includes twenanswers and solutions.

The chapter on Mormonism (32 tyseven examples of short stories by For Christians everywhere, this pages) is fair and generally correct, recognized writers of this medium. By book will prove stimulating to try to

following authoritative Church sources. a thoughtful analysis of these stories, learn the answers by accurate quotaHowever, in discussing the conflictwith a consideration of all the suggestions from the Book of books. It would

ing opinions concerning Mormon tions in the first two sections of the make an interesting volume to keep origins, the author overlooks the book, the readers will be sure to declose to the family gathering place and sanest, modern nonMormon views by velop a basic idea of how they may make use of it during meals and home following too closely Arbaugh's Revimprove their own writing—or their evenings. M. C. /.

elation in Mormonism, an unreliable reading. M. C. /. {Concluded on page 519)

AUGUST 1949 511 will come the feeling that they are part of a great

Youth in Action tradition that must continue and grow even greater

A chievement follows work as surely and inforas a dramaresult ofwhichtheirhaslivesbeenand soactions.markedThefromfeelingthe

evitably as night follows day. The glorious founding of the Church will receive an impetus

gathering of youth and its leaders in the M.I.A. which will promote even greater activity in this

June conference exemplifies the motivating power worthy recreation as a result of the drama festival.

of a great cause, and the breathtaking results of M.I.A. is a compelling magnet when it can draw

ideal that Florida, through the months that precede this people from New York, California—and gathering. great Hawaii, Canada, and all points between; from

To watch original roadshows and drama, to Mexico; and these come at their own expense to

hear twelve hundred young folk lift their voices participate in and receive inspiration from June in song, to see 3,400 young people dance in the conference. It is a great catalyzer in that it sends

great outdoor stadium under the intense blue of these people back to their home areas with the the evening sky and the stars, to listen to youth program in order that it may be diffused into the

experiered together for another glorious June conferexpressmony—thesethemselvesare neverto-beforgottenin formal speech and in testiwards, branches, stakes, and missions and gathences, the joy of which lights the way to another ence.—M. C. /.

efforts. 'year's

Great as these events are—and they afford a rare spiritual and recreational treat—behind them ERA Writers'Conference

stands the idea which initiated them: that of "\\7riters have a great responsibility in whatever

providing wellrounded activities and lessons medium or media they may present their ideas, throughout the days, weeks, and months of the but writers for the Era have an even greater reentire year. The culminating programs afford sponsibility since a magazine for the Church must

spectacles of inestimable worth, but the overall bear the scrutiny of even the most critical on everyachievement lies in the weekby-week planning thing that is published within its pages.

and execution of those plans. Thus, an equally exThe recently held Era writers'conference ( June

ceptional feature of June conference is the prepara16, 1949) was of especial value in order that the tion program for the coming year's work, presented editorial staff might come to know the writers in special department sessions. personally and recognize them individually. And

This year departments were held for stake board it was fun to speak with them both informally and workers, an innovation that assuredly proved its formally. It was a joy to hear them read or disworth. Also a special session for Indian correlacuss their own work, and it was stimulating to

tion work was called for the first time. In all, thirtylisten to those who came to instruct.

two department sessions convened in which the It was also gratifying to learn that so many were succeeding year's work was projected. In addiinterested in this conference, the first of its kind

tion to the three festivals five general meetings for this publication. In venturing to estimate the

were held for the entire group of youth and their response, the Era staff timidly vouchsafed that leaders who attended conference. there might be fifty who would attend. When the

Something inexplicable occurs when great final count was made, it was learned that more groups come together, motivated by the same stirthan one hundred and fifty attended. It has been

ring ideals—and June conference was a glorious especially gratifying to hear from many of those

example. To the six hundred and forty Junior who attended that they were pleased with this

girls of the Church who danced in the livening initial conference and felt that it accomplished the

M. I. A. colors of gold and green, there came a purpose for which it was called, that of acquainting

feeling of solidarity that no amount of talking writers with Era needs and procedures as well as could induce. Merely knowing that there were of acquainting the Era editorial board with the

many others of their own age who were guided exceptional writers who make the magazine a real by the same ideals, who accepted the same standforce in promoting intelligent, worthwhile reading.

ards, who enjoyed the same kind of activities, will Naturally, there are ideas and programing that be a force for good that is inestimable. A joyous could be perfected for another year, but the wholerestraint will come to their minds and hearts when hearted response to this call to writers has been

they realize that "everybody is doing it"in a most gratifying and stimulating to the Era staff wholesome, enjoyable manner, with no after reand has made the members of it begin already to grets which sometimes follow activities. initiate plans for another year's conference with

To those who sang in the famed Tabernacle Era writers. M. C. /.

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4.4. e conciliation

more horrible than those of past ages when men cxxxuii. Jrd IKeliaion rfeeded In an, fought with simple instruments, each one against

his opponent.

fge or Science f It must be confessed that, while science has brought ease into man's daily work, it has also \X/e live literally in an age of science, in every often reduced man to beastlike conditions. This

factory, farm, and home are helps undreamed misuse of new discoveries has become so grievous of a century or two ago. On every man's table as to make man wonder if science is really an untoday are things beyond the reach of kings or mixed blessing; for example, the discovery of how

potentates before science began its onward march. the atomic forces of certain elements may be reThe change in human life, in comforts and luxleased has therefore been received with fear rather

uries, since the scientific age began, is beyond unthan joy.

derstanding. All this is received gratefully by the The situation has become so serious that many

people of the world. scientific men have at last accepted their full reThis has come about because about three hunsponsibility and have set up the dogma that a man

dred years ago men began to search out the laws who makes a discovery in science must thereafter of nature. With every new discovery came other concern himself with its proper use among men.

discoveries. The knowledge of man grew so rapidIt must be watched over so that it may help adly that many new sciences were born. Today the vance the welfare of men. Gradually, this conmultiplicity of knowledge won from the study of ception is moving in upon all workers in science.

nature is bewildering. No one man can know all Scientific men are being held responsible, in part

that has been discovered. The best a person can at least, for the use to which their discoveries are

do in our day is to occupy some little corner of put.

human knowledge and make himself strong thereHere religion steps in. After a great discovery

in. has been made, what are the right or wrong purIt was a great day for human welfare when peoposes for which it may be employed? How may

ple began to replace traditions and imaginations it be used for the common good?

with answers of nature herself to questions asked What are the standards of right and wrong?

is the common good? To these questions by man. Since that time we have seen the universe What

with clearer vision, and now we refuse to accept science is silent. There is but one field, the field of

any statement which has not been tried out by religion, in which the standards of right and wrong, the powers with which nature has endowed man. of human behavior, are set up and where the

Through the advancement of science man has eschewseeker maywrongfindin couragediscoveriesto clingmade.to the right and

not only learned to understand the laws of nature, The doctrine of the common good, which is the but he has also obtained great power over the essence of religion, is a basic principle in the plan nature. are out forces of surrounding blown Trees of salvation, laid out by the Lord for his children

is the of rock mountain; blasted out of the ground; earth. on

to turbines turns motors falling water and now It is left to facts to apply as man they may be formerly of the perform had work much that man discovered, for benefit. is human a religious That

to do with his hands. In countless ways power process, for the common good implies the existence

has been won over conditions that formerly defied and purpose of God, and man's relationship to human efforts. him.

These great achievements filled men with a Religion is able to answer the questions that sense of pride. They were masters of nature. may be asked by delvers of science into the mysThey forgot the higher power—God. They sought teries of nature. Religion asserts that all men are

more knowledge and paid little attention to the the children of God; that they were placed on

proper use of increased knowledge. Unfortunateearth to become acquainted with the elements of

ly, therefore, as powers multiplied, they were not earth; and to learn to control themselves, by dialways used for the best interests of humanity. recting the laws of nature to the good of man.

Powder, for example, useful in clearing forests or Every discovery of science should be used for tunneling in mountains for coal or valuable minthe good of man, in harmony with his divine plan.

erals, became also a tool in the hands of evil. Guns That is a thought greatly needed by science. The

and cannons were made to destroy human beings. vastness of the discovered universe is an evidence

The release of atomic forces with their promise of the fathomless nature of the supreme Intelliof tremendous service to mankind has so far been gence who made this universe possible. Science may

used only in terrible, unspeakable destruction of become a faithpromoting subject of consideration life. The wars of the present are a thousandfold (Concluded on page 538)

AUGUST 1949 513 SAFETY IS ONLY COMMON SENSE At another zoo, a monkey—allx ways a favorite with childrenACCORDION TYPE DOORS By Beamet >ckwarlz

Save Space ferociously bit a small child's hand

Eliminate Swing Area of Convenhappened suddenly. Traffic acas the child offered a peanut.

tional Type Doors IT cidents always do. The baby A beautiful, strutting Oriental

Make Rooms do Double Duty didn't cry. There wasn't time. fowl viciously pecked a deep scarof Colors Variety Wide child's face, hole into another the ring lifeless, as He was crushed, Easy, Trouble Free OperAssure missing the eye. narrowly under perambulator was crumbled ation

the wheels of the automobile. Animals are moody too. Ask the

The mother had tried desperatekeeper at the zoo. He'll tell you to

iiiimIi: in In III ly, frantically, to pull back the small obey the "Stand clear"signs. They

cart, but even in a splitsecond were put there by people who know

Write or Phone there's too much time between realthe animals can be more dangerous for Free Literature ization and action. in a cage than they are in their

A few minutes before, the baby natural habitat.

was prattling innocently, trustingly.

started mother Then his across the HThe ball rolled to the side of the the low perambulator1343ALDER'SSo. Main Salt Lake street, pushing

Phone 7-1531 with him in it, not thinking it necesroom and came to a stop at the wall. Naturally, the crawled baby arms. in her him carry to sary

it. to his plaything, It was a good silly to push an it seem Wouldn't

plaything, because bright and it was baby's Silly? This cart? empty

carriage became a death trap on a shiny and made noise. He reached

street in a California metropolis! for it, and, by sudden tragic coincifell dence, a picture on the wall with fault? That is no The driver's guillotinelike speed. child's The at a funeral. consolation

hand is disfigured for life. There are no statutes decreeing

a baby must be carried across a Of course pictures on walls make street. Be your own lawmaker about a home attractive and prove decorait. Better an empty carriage for a tive skill. But will those same decfew minutes than an empty crib for orations jar loose and fall? Do you

a lifetime! check yours frequently? Vibrations

of all kinds, and the settling of a

A doting aunt took her small house loosen nails and screws. In

nephew for an automobile ride, earthquake areas, the danger is even and was overjoyed at the cuteness greater.

of the baby standing on her lap and Why not mark the calendar for holding the steering wheel as if periodic checks? The above tragedy

driving the car. occurred in Ohio. It could happen

It was cute. Such baby antics alin your house wherever you live.

ways are.

Suddenly, and without warning, HPhe inside of the electric wall the motorist in front of them stopped his car. There was a collisocket was bright copper. It

sion. Very little damage was done glittered like Christmas tinsel. It was shiny enough to attract this to either automobile, but the baby

lay dead on the aunt's lap. The baby in Illinois. The tot reached

socket. the the into against hurtled him impact had DEMAND BY POPULAR babies the of Scores throughout little chest was His wheel. steering EDITION... NEW SECOND the died nation same way during crushed. BIBLE"THE year. price the of ordinary Yet Selfexplanatory A "KNOWDetailed Ready Reference It could happen to any baby! the

BIBLICAL TEXTS FULL to sockets fit those plugs screw open Book for INVESTIGATORS. An Idealin

and FRIENDS RELATIVES NONMEMBERS, Cloth $1.50 Tn Georgia, a woman reached into is so low that neglect is criminal. $1.00 184 Pages Paper

BENJAMIN B. ALWAHD the cage of a gentlelooking polar After all, safety is only common

148 First Avenue, Salt Lake City 3, Utah bear—and lost her hand! sense.

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE NEWGood Hostesses Remember Junior Gold'Rush of 49

is suchAnne to her have a darling.visit—did,Yourather,love

before she had that terror toddler. Why, Junior can't sit still one

minute! Can you? Try sitting on an

oversized chair some day: no book,

no nothing, and pretend that you are Junior.

Time after time you say apologetically to Anne and your other friends with children, "I'm sorry.

There is nothing for small children to play with here. We're all adults,

you know."Then you search frantically for some object which might

possibly interest a curious, squirming child.

'"This situation can be remedied easily, but few childless hostesses think of it, it seems. How? Invest

in a few inexpensive toys, a color book, crayons, clay, a stuffed toy.

A trip through the nearest dime store will give you ideas. Assemble

them in a gailycolored box.

A toy presented to a child guest Maybe you've noticed it already—the way women are

in this manner takes on imporhurrying to buy Golden FelsNaptha Soap and Soap Chips.

tance which far outweighs its actual cost. I know, for I vividly reAnd no wonder! This 1949 FelsNaptha brings them

member such a thoughtful hostess. a brandnew washing experience. Every process in the

Twenty years later I still send her FelsNaptha formula has been tested and checked with the greeting cards each holiday! washing demands of today's smart, young housekeeper.

You might even buy a gay plastic bib (easily washed off), a box If you haven't tried the 1949 FelsNaptha Soap or Soap Chips of graham crackers, and an inexpenget some today. Get a big red and green box of

sive set of tiny dishes. FelsNaptha Soap Chips for your washing machine or

Then the next time you see Anne, automatic washer. You'll really get a thrill at the way this

or anyone else, strolling up your grand, golden soap gets things fragrantly clean and sweet walk with Junior, you can smile to and a bigger thrill when your dazzling yourself with happy expectations, white washes are hung on the line.

because Junior will (following a normal child behavior pattern) be Join the 1949 Gold Rush today—

happy, too; and happy children are to The Golden FelsNaptha Soap shelves

always good. in any grocery store.

RENDEZVOUS

By J. Fabian Giroux FOR EXTRA CLEANING ACTION USE

A'NGraineternityby ofheavytime hasgrain,dropped, MADE IN PHI LA.

last met. Since we BY FELS & CCX FelsNaptha Soap

time All is but a moment now:

We meet again! MILD, GOLDEN SOAP AND ACTIVE NAPTHA

AUGUST 1949 515 TUNATOMATO CASSEROLE

Josephine B. Nichols

/ompany coming—serve simple, eastSiMB ly prepared meals, meals that sound

cool, look cool, and taste cool. Prepare them early in the morning and

place in the refrigerator until serving time.

StarKist Cool Luncheon You'll like this easy family dinner. Make it early Chilled Tuna Loaf Cucumber Dressing

and reheat just before serving. It's a meal in Buttered New Corn

Sliced Tomatoes itself! StarKist it best because only Tuna makes JrawLTllll3

Butter Roll 1 French bettertasting smaller, the tender, tuna are Guaranteed packed under the StarKist quality label. ood Housekeeping Green Apple Pie

STARKIST TUNATOMATO CASSEROLE 1 7-oz. can StarKist 1 TO'/a-oz. can Buy Solid Pack or Quick Meal

Fancy Solid Pack (or tomato soup Chunk Style, StarKist Seafood Shortcake

Style) milk cup Vi Tuna Chunk is Wedges Cucumber Quality and Tomato the Same! cups 1 Vi cooked onion cup chopped Slices Vi or Watermelon Honeydew noodles RECIPE FREE Cheese Fluffy TUNA with BOOK FruitIce Bowl Salad 1 salt teaspoon Vi grated cup Planning Easy Makes Menu Dressing

olives ripe sliced American cup cheese Vi kitchentested, Sandwiches Economical, Bread Nut

Combine first six ingredients and place over 1 tuna recipes. 24page bookChocolate Sundies

cup noodles in greased casserole. Cover with let! Write StarKist Tuna,

noodles, sprinkle remaining Yz cup with cheese. Terminal Island, Calif., Porch Supper minutes. for 30 oven Bake in 325F. Dept. 8-E.

Casserole of Chicken and Mushrooms

French Fried Potatoes Relish Plate Fresh Peach Shortcake

Fruit Salad Bowl

Choose fresh fruit, peaches, pears, cantaloupe, honeydew, and grapes. Arrange

around Fluffy Cottage Cheese Dressing.

Ftuffy Cottage Cheese Dressing

2 cups cottage cheese 2 tablespoons orange juice 1 tablespoon lemon juice 2 teaspoons sugar

Beat cottage cheese until fluffy, beat in remaining ingredients. Chill.

Whole Wheat Nut Bread

1 cup sugar 23 cup honey 2 eggs 1 cup sour milk 1 teaspoon soda 1 teaspoon salt fat melted Y cup flour enriched cups \Yi 12 cups whole wheat flour \Yi cups nuts

Sift dry ingredients together except nuts.

BEST BREAD IDEA OF THE M0NTH-.hese Fishers Bread dryCombinemixture.remainingStir onlyingredients.until flour isAddmoisto

cups that will make your best creamed luncheon or dinner dishes tened. Stir in nuts. Bake in two small loaf

taste better! Remove crusts from slices of Fisher's White Bread, then pans one hour at 350".

brush each slice with melted butter. Gently press each slice into a

muffin cup. Bake in a moderate oven (350) until crisp and golden Chilled Tuna Loaf

brown. Fill toast cups with chicken a la king or other favorite creamed 2 tablespoons unflavored gelatine

mixture. Watch this column for more wonderful ways to use nourish- 1 cup cold water

eggs, sliced cooked 2 hard juice cup lemon ing, delicious, economical Fisher's Bread—truly bread at its best! $3

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4 7-ounce cans tuna (grated) 2 cups mayonnaise or salad dressing 2 cups chopped celery Y21 cupteaspoonchoppedsalt green pepper

Soften gelatine in cold water. Dissolve

over hot water. Combine remaining ingredients, add gelatine. Pour into oiled

loaf pan or ring mold. Chill until firm, unmold. Garnish with parsley and tomato

slices. Serve cucumber dressing.

Cucumber Dressing

1 cup cream, whipped Yi teaspoon salt 34 teaspoon paprika 2 tablespoons lemon juice 34 cup mayonnaise 1 cup chopped pared cucumber, drained

Whip cream, fold in remaining ingredients. Serve at once.

Seafood Shortcake

Tuna Sauce

1 cup flaked tuna 1 can cream of mushroom soup x/i cup evaporated milk x/2 cup water 2 tablespoons chopped pimento J teaspoon salt peas cooked 1 cup language that milk, soup, and water in double boilAHeat er. Add remaining ingredients, cook ten

biscuits with waffles orminutes. Make

directions mix, following on mtjfy f&u eon 44ueto#tpackage package. Arrange waffles or biscuits shortcake-fashion with hot tuna sauce. Your baby has a language all his is Sego Milk, your answer to those

own... but how well you underquestions can be a definite "yes."

Casserole of Chicken and Mushrooms stand it! The cry that says he's hunSego Milk is always easy for babies

gry. The small sounds he makes to digest. Always uniformly rich

chicken cups 4 cooked substances in nourishing the food feeding you're while him—sounds broth chicken to 3 4 cups its safe, sealed in milk. tastes "this of whole saying good."As when And

noodles or macaroni 2 ounces if.as can, there harmful were no the hold merry you him 'high—butter tablespoons 4 it's the then world. in gurgle. germ And

flour tablespoons 4 vitacrystalline fortified pure with course, welfare baby's your Of salt teaspoons 13 that sunshine vitamin min D—the largely happiness on depend and teaspoon pepper 34 of minerals the milk with works

at do. things the the Right top you 1 6-ounce can mushrooms enable to develop your to baby

is list of the kind of the milk you teeth strong bones—sound it Is digest to him. easy give always in or noodles chicken macaroni Cook best to growth. the of make straight,—and upsets? harmful no Does off until strain tender, broth.broth Make—causing are the reasons These Sego why all it the substances food provide he flour, butter, broth, season with andsauce are, rule, well, as babies Milk a sturdy, enable himto to needs grow slice salt pepper. Drain and andwith all sturdy, babies. with happy And straight, teeth strong with sound and chicken, macaroni, Arrangemushrooms. its qualities, extraordinary Sego bones? in in layers, large casserole mushroomsand less costs than other Milk any form

or eight individual casseroles. Pour over If the milk you give your baby of milk.

sauce. Top with buttered bread crumbs.

Bake in oven (300") fifteen to twenty minutes. te&m Thishere aboutseal certifiesSego Milkthathaveall beenstatementsacceptedmadeas

Peach Shortcake true by the Council on Foods and Nutrition of the American Medical Association.

2 cups cake flour This seal certifies that the Wisconsin Alumni

J teaspoon salt Research Foundation makes periodic tests to 2 teaspoons baking powder determine that Sego Milk diluted with an equal 14, teaspoon soda amount of water always gives you 400 units 34 cup sugar of vitamin D per quart.

shortening cup that This handy book FREE MOTHERS! TO buttermilk sour milk or cuP it easier train J/?x/2 care to your makes you and for for sliced fresh peaches cups 3 the of questions important about the most baby. Dozens cup sugar Yi in this are training of answered your baby care and

1 teaspoon cinnamon illustrated docwell-known 64page a by book. Approved

tor. Praised enthusiastically by mothers all over the west.

Sift flour with salt, baking powder, soda, Send for your free copy of this helpful book today.

and sugar. Cut in shortening until mixture Address: Sego Milk Co., Dept. E-4, Salt Lake City, Utah.

milk, coarse crumbs. resembles mix Add CO. PRODUCTS SEGO MILK

follows fork bowl. only around until dough in the Intermountain Milk Evaporated West Originator of

Pat out in greased eightinch square pan. Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

Bake in hot oven (425) twenty minutes.

Split hot shortcake. Fill and top with

sliced peaches, sprinkle with remaining sugar and cinnamon. Serve with cream,

plain or whipped.

AUGUST 1949 517 Y.M.M.LA. General Board

SNACK "\17ith the approval of the First Presidency, General Superintendent SNATCHERS Elbert R. Curtis has announced the apAlways be prepared pointment of William B. Smart and

Crawford Gates to the general board with some of this new of the Y.M.M.LA.

t* Elder Smart, first assistant to the superintendent of Y.M.M.LA. in the

Salt Lake City Twelfth Ward, at the time of his appointment, is a reporter for the "refrigerator raidfor the Deseret News. Born at Provo,

ers"in your family! The Utah, he is the son of Patriarch Thomyoungsters love it for as L. Smart of the Portland (Oregon)

is a graduate of Reed Colafter- school sandwiches. Stake. He

Dad goes for it on cracklege,to PhiPortland,Beta Kappa,wherethe henationalwas electedscholers... it satisfies but with astic fraternity. He served in the army

no "heavy"feeling even for four years during World War II.

late at night. Elder Smart is an ardent sportsman,

and has worked with Explorer groups in the Mutuals. He has been assigned

to the M Men committee of the general board.

Always packed 6H oz.

Net Contents to a can.

Look for "Net Contents"on label every time you buy Grated Tuna.

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

MMmGJtm mi M.C.P. way WILLIAM B. SMART CRAWFORD GATES

IS SO QUICK, JPlder Gates, composer of "The

Promised Valley,"for the Utah

EASY and SURt! Centennial, was born in San Francisco.

All four of his greatgrandfathers were

Utah Pioneers. Crawford Gates started

playing the piano at the age of eight, and later took up violin, viola, clarinet, trumpet, organ, harp, and other instruments to be able to write music for them.

He is an Eagle Scout, a former assistant scoutmaster, and has served the

Church as chorister, Aaronic Priesthood supervisor, and an officer and teacher of the Sunday School in Palo

Alto (California) Ward. He filled a

mission in the Eastern States, 194042, where he served as mission music director and conductor of the Mormon male chorus of Philadelphia, participating in fifty broadcasts for the Church.

In the navy during World War II, he was an M.I.A. group leader and taught

Sunday School in Kihei Branch, Maui,

Hawaiian Islands.

At present he has a twoyear leave of absence from Brigham Young University music department, to complete his doctorate. He is assigned to the

music committee of the general board.

On The Bookrack Complete {Concluded from page 511) pMs the ftcnic

YOUTH ASKS ABOUT RELIGION (Jack Finegan. Association Press,

New York. 1948. 191 pages. $2.00.) Sandwiches made with

of the Dis- a minister Finegan,T\R.

of Christ, has collected one Royal Table Queen Bread ciples hundred questions frequently asked him are temptingly delicious 4 by young people. He has divided these

questions into twelve groups under: and nourishing. They help

The spirit of the quest, exploring the universe, understanding evolution and to make a feast out of any history, God, Jesus Christ, the Bible, the Church, the other religions, philospicnic.

ophies of religion, prayer and worship, religious living, and immortality. His

brief answers are generally nonsectarian, and in most cases conform to the best knowledge and belief. The Tresh atyowr Grpcerls

book will be useful because of the Proudly produced by - questions, if nothing else. The anROYAL BAKING COMPANY

swers given are all thought provoking. Salt Lake City and Ogden ENRICHED

It is another of the useful Haddan with Vitamins and Iron

A. W.House books.—/.

RURAL SOCIOLOGY (Lowry Nelson. American Book

Company, New York. $4.25.) Delicious (Bakes! 1948. 567 pages.

HpHis latest addition to the American the rural Series covers Sociological are Just add Saints field, in which Latterday keenly interested. Rural life has

changed greatly in the passing years. water, mix

This book brings together, in a simple for the use manner, dependable but of and bake! facts readers, the and general students

and theories regarding rural life. It emphasizes the place of social institu- % DEVIL'S FUDGE

rural environment, in a tions social interaction of forms various and the GOLDEN is rural groups. There among

material of a mass this book bled in assemWHITE which those interested have been obliged to hunt for, far and wide, in O SPICE periodicals and books. That makes

the book more useful than ever. Tables,

graphs, and pictures help to visualize the statements made in the text. The

author, Dr. Lowry Nelson, formerly of

Brigham Young University, now professor of sociology in the University of Minnesota, has achieved national renown in his chosen field. The series

itself is under the general editorship of

Dr. Kimball Young, also of Utah

A. W. origin.—/.

3P -f 'I'Vv::: $: v

POEM AT YOUR GROCER'S By Ruby Zagoren Delicious or bleed speak heart mustThe SUNVISTA silent death; TIME AT To HOMESPARE LEARN PEAS BLACKEYED although considspeak heart must at wardrobe field.Design The Fascinating own BUTTER BEANS othfor designing Gainexperience saving. breath. faintest The of a shop BEANS LIMA BABY tothrilling lead era. erableItmay J career—even

course "learnby-doing"Basic day. some "yourown BEANS PINTO

exprovides teachers qualified of guidance under has heart spoken the PEPPERS CHILI GREEN when And free for career. Send a point starting cellent BEANS WITH PORK PINTO of Designing. words, in forFashion Its weight Career booklet, "A

soar beyond heart can The 1315 So.NATIONALMichigan SCHOOLAve. Dept.OF DRESS139-C DESIGNChicago 5, III. At Your Grocers birds. swiftest The

AUGUST 1949 519 Is Your Quorum Sending The ERA to Servicemen?

Rrom the office of The Improvement Era the general priesthood committee of the Council of the Twelve has received the following communicaPlans are now under way to conduct tion: the allChurch softball championship Priesthood Record Keeping

playoff at Salt Lake City on September

Dear Brethren: 15, 16, and 17. Winners from each of Supplies Simplified

We have just received a letter from the the thirteen divisions will contest for army chaplain at Camp Cooke, California, the honor of being named Church Printing of greatly simplified roll, in which he says: "We have a group of champions for 1949. report, and minute books is now unonce meeting each and men weekMormon comrecord book der way. new The is of the first This year a softball

theirholding service discusand Mormon fisection, a roll record bines a and a conducted Churchwide onsion this leader group. of has program group The reports. minutes, and record, nancial basis. stakes Several teams have had that, if possible,requested a have copy we for is adapted record basic same this in elders sport engage of for a The this publication for available of your

group."number of years and in some areas use of quorums and groups in stakes as

interstake playoffs were conducted, well as missions. This will be welcome

Quorum presidencies have been rebut this marks the inaugural year for news to quorum presidencies and secsponsible for nearly a year to secure extending this activity throughout the retaries.

for men in the military services subChurch. All items will be in large print, and

scriptions to The Improvement Era Excellent teams are playing in many the information requested is stated in and Church News from quorum funds. stakes and, as usual, there is a keen such a way that detailed instructions

This applies to those bearing the spirit of friendly rivalry. California are unnecessary. Each page of the roll

Aaronic as well as the Melchizedek teams are reaching out for the coveted and record section provides space for

Priesthood. championship trophy while those in forty names, listing all vital data toAt this camp there is a large conArizona, Utah, Idaho, and neighboring gether with a record of activities. This

centration of L.D.S. servicemen, but states predict victory for themselves. will enable the entire membership of

apparently not a single one, if this reBefore the final game is played, there most quorums and groups to be written port is correct, is receiving The Imwill be considerable speculation as to on one to three pages, although books provement Era. We emphasize again a possible championship team, but with more pages for larger quorums

the request that all quorums meet this after all competition is past, the close will be available.

responsibility without delay. ties of friendship formed in such parEach record will be used for one

During the recent worldwide conticipation will remain the biggest single calendar year. Following completion,

flict many glowing letters of praise and prize, and teams will return home to it will be filed in the Church Hisappreciation were received from servbegin making plans which will assure torian's office with other essential recicemen concerning the important part them of greater triumphs for the next ords.

The Improvement Era played in their year. The size of the books is much smalllives. This messenger of faith, encourWhile we wish gratifying success for er. Reports likewise will contain a

agement, and admonition is a timely all teams, we join with them in saying, limited amount of easyto-understand and welcome friend of servicemen. It "May the best team win."Each team, information. One book will contain

may do much to keep these young men of course, considers itself that "best"all the records and reports necessary.

away from home supplied with the team. It is anticipated that these supplies

highest type of reading matter. In a will be available within a short time.

number of cases it has also proved to Announcement will be made on these be a valuable missionary among those Reprinted 1949 Lesson Text pages of a later issue of The Imin search of truth. provement Era as soon as stakes and

Stake leaders charged with the suNow Available missions may place their orders.

activities of pervision servicemen to are HThe supply of 1949 Melchizedek ingMorethem detailedwill be publishedinformationlater.concernrequested reasonable make every

effort without delay to effect this proPriesthood lesson texts was exgram through Melchizedek Priesthood hausted several weeks ago. Word has

printer that the from been received bishoprics to insure just and quorums ward is available supply an additional now Truth will endure for ever and L. receiving serviceman's every D. S.

"the Church's greatest missionary."for purchase. These may be purchased for ever, and every man that

in person or by mail from the Deseret preaches the gospel of salvation

Book Company, 44 East South Temple may take the old text that some of

Softball Program Meets Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah. us took in the commencement of

This lesson outline will sell for forty the building up of the kingdom cents a copy over the counter and forof God upon the earth in the last

With Ready Response tyfive cents a copy by mail partially to days, I took truth for my toxU salTnder the able leadership of the alldefray the recently increased postal vation for my subject, and the circuit, for to whole world go my costs. so quosupply is limited, softball nearly committee, Church The

all I talk far as as I could and individuals to are urged in the all stakes and as well as Church some rums it* It takes could every about missions are participating in what may secure their copies while the supply truth from every sect and party.

well be the largest softball league in lasts. What! in a civil capacity also?

the United States. Competition is now Printing of the 1950 lesson text has Yes. All law, all powers, all kingat its height and stake championships commenced. Announcement will be doms, and all thrones,—in fine,

are being determined so winners may made on this page as soon as it is availall things are under the control of engage* in the regional playoffs. able for purchase. God.—Brigham Young.

520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA has rejected the proposal to legalize the sale of liquor by the drink. Such laws

inevitably result in the opening of cocktail rooms, which always prove a demoralizing influence on young people of the "better class"homes. It is

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE in these drinking places that they TWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE, CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARK E. PETERSEN, make contacts with underworld charHENRY D. MOYLE, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MC KAY, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, acters. Liquor by the drink also serves

ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. the convenience of night clubs, which

KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE are perhaps responsible for more

drunken driving than any other inflution of a sixyear-old boy in East Lansing, ence in metropolitan areas.

Michigan. NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO

stories all sorts of of horrible The A Pledge Asked COLUMN stain crimes the papers of our pages

Conducted by Denver the to Post, May A ccording and, Dr. Joseph F. Merrill worse than that, stain the lives of anninety-second at the 20, 1949, our people.

America is beginning to sense the nual convention of the Southern Bapsix all City, in tists, Oklahoma held significance of the inabounding and inAlcoholics Industry TruPresident Baptists, from million It is creasing of lawlessness. wave the Quarterly "pROM Journal of pledge sign a to asked were down, man It is a than more wave. a great and Studies Alcohol, learn that we On liquor. from abstinence total for rising tide. public said leader a As a

statistical conservative estimates show ago months several this column In ago, few he a not days and "Dry,"was that 2,060,000 alcoholics regularly are of to movement called a attention was or a "Preacher":

employed. One million three hundred the Methodist Church in the United

seventy thousand male alcoholics are The criminal situation is so grave that it States to secure a similar pledge from employed in manufacturing plants, by calls for a study at the highest level by the its members.

construction companies, and by public best qualified authority. I would ask Mr. It was in 1808, we learn, that Dr.

utilities. The male alcoholic in indusTruman to give consideration to the crisis Billy James Clark, a distinguished

try loses an average of twentytwo and name a presidential commission to inphysician, organized the first tempervestigate the new prevalence of crime. ance society in America. The pledgeworking days annually—a total of

29,700,000 working days the from Some such official cognizance of our taken by its members read: acute effects alone. of alcohol In addition, the alcoholic loses each year frightful disregard of all human rights No member shall drink rum, gin, whisky,

two days more than nonalcoholics beby the criminally inclined section of or any distilled spirits or composition of cause of various ailments. The alcoour population is due, long overdue. any of them, except by the advice of a

holic is responsible annually for 1,500 We might as well look with open eyes physician, or in case of actual disease, also fatal accidents at work, and 2,850 fatal at what is happening when there is no except at public dinners.

traffic. In the liquor prohibition of the in at accidents public places, home, and orthe that until 1826 It not was this thirties of cenearly twenties and traffic. is in of accident rate This an conforces became temperance ganized conditions for tury, the blame was bad is for 321 each 100,000, twice which of uses in the moderation that vinced laid goat at the of Drys. the door Thethat the nonalcoholic. of workThe the of solution a as liquors spirituous Prohibition. was life ising of alcoholic rethe chronic

Jefimpractical. Thomas was problem laid the Is at to the be blame years. approximatelyduced twelve by now that first of the of men one ferson was liquor? legalized repeal loss to industry severe door of and occurs whenA It this. of convinced to become day fair. Especialto is be experienced seem That would worker,an or executive conviction this that this year in was in ly, just indictment that of adismissed drinking. be would because excess

all temperance to common become had stories? In current of newspaper cost ofEstimates view the industry to of the of pledge the so day, the of people brutal instance of almostalcohol every murder addiction are employees among that in Society Temperance American reporter crime, horrible the thestaggering. or on from abstinence total for called year

trail realcohol. scents Honest soon pledge the part In drinks. stronger the this in write to constrains him porting investigation of Crisis Crime read: she vein: making or been a had He Bishop E. execWilbur Hammaker, or she taverns. the they or of round He annexed, hereunto are names whose president We,utive vice the of of board

it is influence. the Yes, under were spirits as ardent of use that the believing oftemperance the Church, Methodist

stop, to nation time the that time took harmalso but needless is only not drink ain release to press, calls a the for the listen. interlook, religious civil, and social, and the ful to presidentialappointment of a com-

... agree therefore do of ests men; is We serious, matter extremely so The crisis,mission to investigate the crime

it, traffic that in or will use not that we that others than reformers near andstating that in are of being danger we enterit articles of as will provide not we reformers should taking a hand. be calamity of a majoroverwhelmed by in employment, our for persons or tainment,

proportions. We are in danger of being overand that in all suitable ways we will dis-

a calamity of major prowhelmed by countenance the use of it in the community. surely, Slowly, but the of mind

portions. nations stench of that The

is of becomingAmerica a conaware tinuing orgy of crime. The offenses have died of rottenness cannot be Thus the temperance movement in

are startlingly bestial. As the editor escaped by anyone who travels along the United States was begun and suctheof Richmond, Va., News Leader thecessiveroadcenturies.of historyMoralsthroughare thenot suclux- hibition.ceeded in Many1920, inacceptedgetting thisnationalas endingproawrote few days ago:

uries; they are necessities. the curse of liquor in America and beIt is a rare day that does not find in the came quiescent, only to learn that laws,

papers some such monstrous crime as that Liquor by the Drink however good, do not enforce themof the sex murder and attempted incinera- A legislative committee in Texas selves.

AUGUST 1949 521 Aaronic Priesthood

Dealing With the Absentee A few leaders feel it an "unjustice that the quorum must now account for members living away from home since the Standard Quorum Award enrolment was discontinued as of JanPresenting the Champions from Inglewood Ward, Inglewood Stake uary 1, 1949.

It is recognized that in a few isolated cases, and especially in very small two thousand students, presents a most covgroups, a boy living away from home eted award to the young boy who, for the and in such location as to preclude any year preceding, has distinguished himself as

Church activity, may bring down quothe most outstanding student in athletics, rum or group records to the point character, and scholastics. This is a perpettrophy former students sponsored of by where the earning of the will award be ualthe are presently in school renowned who

impossible. cases, In such have we the sports. field of the Notably among

been asked for some adjustment of the sponsors are Gerald Priddy and Lou Strinrequirements to meet this situation. ger of the major leagues in the baseball

We cannot modify the requirements world.

—they stand as published. Where it This award is made at the annual Fabecomes entirely impossible for a small thers and Sons banquet, the highlight of

group to qualify for the quorum award the school year calendar. In 1947, this

because of an absentee member, there award was presented to Gary Van Vliet still remains the individual award for (center in the photo). The succeeding year,

the 1948, honor bestowed saw Allen upon personal all, excellence. After we

(left) this feel Everley year, current and 1949, first our concern should the be look- (right) similarly Solomon Jack honwas ing after individual of each member, ored. Three consecutive years the award

letting "quorum chips"fall where they was presented to three young Mormon

VLIET GARRY VANmay. all boys, of of the them members Inglewood JACK SOLOMON

of the of Inglewood Zion. Stake Ward Los Angeles Stum, It is a safe prediction that quorums ALLEN—PhotoEVERLEY by Robert

or groups qualifying for the award for Gary, Allen, and Jack are just as out1949 will be those whose leaders and Tn a communication submitted by Melstanding in their Church work. All are

members have paid particular attenvin H. Johnson on behalf of Bishop very active members of the teachers'quotion to the individual boy, recognizing Arlow W. Nalder, Inglewood Ward, rum.

that the qualifying of the is individual Stake, to introduced Inglewood we are point the up communique Wethe surest the way, only to qualiway, these Saint Latterday champions and

Allen, Gary, are and Jack champions thefy or quorum group. their records as acquainted with made

"athletics, in character, scholasand final In the analysis, the elimination follows:

tics,"just "are in as and outstanding theof Standard enQuorum Award their recently Church has work."achievement been Could An made be morerolment as a means for increasing the

is in that not our only ward said of newsworthy Latterday Saint boys? Mayrequirements was preferred over the unbelievable. but almost these high standards pleasing apandretention of such enrolment the and the year Junior Horace High Each Mann their praisals of conduct the always beraising the of standards. School, the largest of public schools one of criteria lives. their of

One other observation: It is a fact Los Angeles with an enrolment of nearly

that since the elimination of the Standard Quorum enrolment, Award our justice,"fail to qualify though even we all Supposing PriestAaronicabsentee are receiving boys far more quite as for the Standquorums many records for individual hood 1949,personal attention bishoprics from and if, in the ard meanAward, Quorum to in called and quorum, were beother Aaronic Priesthood leaders than time, out to reach the hearts we warm your now, would where boys and ever thewas case before. to the souls and of of save our more the your quorums parade be—in it can count loss, a we How "inan living are boys from home? who away of success, or watching parthe

ade go by?

Idaho Stake Honors Youth and Parents in Unique Award Program L.D.S.Threegirls,hundredwith theirAaronicparents,Priesthoodwere specialmembersguestsand

of the Idaho Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee and ward bishoprics in a program and social honoring award achievements.

fjjf PresidingIn the Bishopricphoto, Leein A.the Palmerpresentationrepresentedof threethe

Standard Quorum Awards and twentyeight individual awards to Aaronic Priesthood members. G. Wallace Fox presented three Standard Group Awards

and thirtyseven individual awards to L.D.S. girls.

Fallowing the program and presentation of awards, a lively game fest was conducted by Onan Mecham and Henry Maxfield.

The stake presidency, high council, bishoprics, and stake and ward youth leaders were well represented.

A. Wilder Hatch is chairman of the stake Aaronic

Priesthood committee. Ross D. Redford (extreme

left in the photo} and Luella Peterson were in charge of this outstanding event.

Idaho Stake youth are already looking forward to another social just like it in 7950 and stake and ward youth leaders are determined not to disappoint their young people.

522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

HH Leaded ou <=Lee v. rait.mer

ADULT MEMBERS

OF AARONIC PRIESTHOOD HONOR GROUP ADVISER ON WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

SEVENTYFIRST BIRTHDAY OUTLINE OF STUDY

ANNIVERSARY DISCONTINUED

E. Manworing, George Liberty 'T'his is a brief reminder that Libeity Ward,

the reon Stoke, was "the Outline of Study for use his end ceiving when class of adult members in connection with the Ward

Priestot Aaronic the their class Youth Leadership meeting has honored hood in instructor a surprise been discontinued. seventylirst on his party

birthday anniversary. He If you have not read the full

with presented was a announcement of the change, in which he holds book and photograph, the with please turn to this page in The birthday coke a lovely held by his wife, Eunice Improvement Era for July 1949

Manwaring. Walker

Other group advisers and become informed of the reaWoodworth, Arthur are

Kelly, Edgar Harris. and Alfred sonsWeforemphasizethe change.again that the

Ward Youth Leadership is to be held each month and that only Aaronic Priesthood Choruses the Outline of Study has been discontinued.

Planning the Season's Work in Musk

A n important item leading to the sucobligates the boys to respond to, the cess of the Aaronic Priesthood chorister's leadership. Adult Members Aaronic Priesthood

chorus is early planning of the season's 3. Retesting of each voice

activities. Following a relatively inactive sumThe Value of Accurate Records

There are four phases of program mer season it will be necessary to replanning which deserve the attention of test each boy's voice. The results of A careful examination of the roll

stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood the test should be carefully recorded. book for the adult members of the

choristers. They are: Only by so doing can one expect to Aaronic Priesthood will indicate its

1 Selection and preparation of song preserve the quality of the voice and usefulness in determining, in the shortmaterial guard against the danger of assigning est time, the status of each member of

In selecting song material, thought the boy to an improper singing part. the group as he renews his activity.

should be given to its appropriateness 4. Variety of song material Complete information relative to his

for rendition in the meeting to which The songbook Aaronic Priesthood attendance at priesthood meetings, cotthe chorus has been assigned to sing Choruses provides a variety of song tage or other meetings, or the performand the capabilities of the boys to sing material. An ample repertoire should ance of any Church work is vital to a

the songs. In teaching the songs to the be acquired by the chorus which incontinued interest in his progress. Most

chorus, the chorister should thoroughly clude deeply religious hymns, songs of important of all is the record of visits learn each voice part to be taught. a rousing nature, and others which are made to the homes of the brethren, for

Adequate leadership is not possible recreational. The chorister should plan through these contacts barriers are

without a proper knowledge of the his program well ahead of the date of broken; inferiority complexes are overbusiness at hand. Inspiration and enperformance and carefully select that come; personalized friendship begin.

thusiasm will be the result of thorough which will show the boys to the best Wellkept records are an indication preparation. advantage and at the same time inspire of efficiency and provide an avenue by

2. Social events those who listen. which the committee can keep its finger

A program of social activities is a Early planning is the first step to on the activity pulse of each adult strong force of motivation. Barriers success. member of the Aaronic Priesthood.

are broken down through social contacts. A more intimate acquaintance is

afforded, and a keener sense of appreciation and loyalty is built up which

FIRST INDIVIDUAL CERTIFICATES OF AWARD FOR

NORTHERN CALIFORNIA MISSION These happy recipients of Individual Certificates of Award are the first of the Aaronic Priesthood members and of the L.D.S. girls to receive this

recognition in the Northern California Mission. The

awards were presented at a recent conference ot the Klamath Falls District. We are delighted to welcome these youthful successes to the award family

of approximately 26,518 young men and young women for the year 1948.

Left to right, front row: Gilbert Denny, Lyle

Shaffer, Jahala Shaffer (presented Golden Gleaner pin), Nadean Morris, Clair Schiffman. Back row,

An/id Carlson, Robert Shirley, Kay Behnke, Eleanore

Jones, Edna Morris, Donna Peterson, Doyle Schiffman.

AUGUST 1949 523 For the Youth the Church of

To help Latterday Saint youth meet For young Latterday Saints the Unithe challenging problems of today the versity offers another vital advantage

Church provides a unique educational—association with young men and

opportunity at Brigham Young Uniwomen from all parts of the Church in versity. It is unique among all colthe choicest student body in the world.

leges and universities of the land beTo its campus last year came 5,600 stucause in it alone is available the best dents from all sections of the United in intellectual development along with States, Canada, Mexico, Brazil, Argenthe allimportant emphasis on spiritutina, the Pacific Islands, and countries ality and character. in Europe and Asia.

Opening Dates for the Autumn Quarter

Sept. 21—Orientation and Tests for New Students

for Regular Students Sept. 26, 27—Registration

All new students desiring to enter in the Autumn Quarter should send applications to the Admissions Committee by September 1.

Winter Quarter 2, 3 Registration—January

Spring Quarter Registration—March 20, 21

Brigham Young 524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COLLEGES AND DIVISIONS Colleges of Applied Science, Arts and Sciences, Commerce, Education, Fine Arts,

Graduate School, Division of Religion, Extension Division, Research Division

DEPARTMENTS OF INSTRUCTION Accounting and Business Economics Mathematics

Administration Educational Administration Mechanic Arts

Agricultural Economics Elementary Education Modern & Classical Languages

Agronomy English Music Philosophy of Education Animal Husbandry Finance and Banking Physics

Archaeology Geology and Geography Political Science

Art Health, Physical Education Psychology

Bacteriology and Recreation Secondary Education

Bible & Modern Scripture History Secretarial Practice

Botany Home Economics Sociology

Chemistry Horticulture and Landscape Speech

Church History Architecture Theology and Religious

Church Organization and Journalism Philosophy

Administration Marketing Zoology and Entomology

PROVOUniversity UTAH AUGUST 1949 525 Te Of Little Faith

(Concluded from page 503) of protection. Her parents had gone fa ahead, and she searched the gaunt

faces. They all looked the same

filled with hope, yet hopeless. No

one noticed her. They all watched

GaSrttt the stocky man with the brown hair and bushy beard. They drank in

every word he said as the parched 'earth would drink in the rain they ouhA! all prayed for.

He bowed his head. And every

head before him bowed too. He

prayed, with simple words—eloquent because of their simplicity. He

thanked the Lord for the many Special Morning Milk is the blessings bestowed upon his chilevaporated milk especially dren, for the guidance he had given prepared for babies. It is them, for the beauties he had put

recommended by many into their lives. He asked blessings

doctors because it is so safe, on all who were in need and who so easy to digest, and bewere deserving. But for this great

cause it has extra vitamins Evaporated body of people before him, he asked for sound and A D needed only The prayer one thing—rain. teeth. bones and Ask long. twenty minutes perhaps your was

Special doctor about MornAnd not a head had been raised. for that special ing Milk

Amanda's young impatience baby of yours. Special Even was quieted.

MORNING MILK envelopedAnd thentheit pavilionbegan. Ain softwhichpatterthe

congregation sat. It rose from a

whispering promise to a roaring fulfilment. The prayer was ended, but

the multitude sat with their heads still bowed, afraid to see what their faith and prayers had wrought. And

when they finally looked; wonder

and fear and ecstatic joy filled them and shone from their faces.

Amanda and the stocky man were the only ones standing—and the

only ones who looked notat-all surprised but exceedingly pleased.

Amanda scanned the crowds again with a little frown then walked down the long aisle to the stalky man who held out his hand to her.

"I can't find Mommy and Daddy.

Would you like to share my umbrella?"she said proudly. And the

two of them walked out into the delicious in summer salads! rain, hand in hand, under the leaky

old umbrella.

get some at your grocer's today!

BETROTHED

By Elizabeth Reeves Humphreys Your Library Should IncludeHer beauty was breathtaking;

inner glow, an She had NET GOSPEL IN THE coloring heaven's And own A. WIDTSOE By DR. JOHN

as though It seemed to me $1.75 at all Intermountain Bookstores She'd run across a rainbow

On tiptoe. 526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a,

How safety -circle'driving cuts down accidents

"Know your safetycircle!"is an important ples in our Driver Training Program,

lesson taught Standard of California drivbesides passing thorough visual examinaers... and perhaps it can be helpful to you. tions. Last year, they drove 41 million

Your safetycircle is the distance you miles with an accident rate 60% lower need to meet an emergency situation—than the national trucking fleet average.

car stopping suddenly ahead, for example.

Our drivers get a special test which tells them exactly how fast they react, but in general, it takes the average person a full second to see a hazard, think what to do and act. So, driving on a clear road, at 30

miles an hour, you should stay at least 7 CALORNiA car lengths behind the car ahead; when p/ons to serve y fer miles you drive 45 an hour, stay behind

13 car lengths.

More than 5,000 Standard drivers have

Studied this and many other safety princiAUGUST 1949 527

THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE

(Continued from page 508) cerned, the way to head off these flotillas of driftwood and seething on the halfnaked desert hills, but wild starts, with fairness to all, depths of quicksand!

not in the thick grass and flowers was the way Hamblin had headed Bluff was pitiably at the mercy of of the mountain, and the years them off, and brought them, by a multitude of enemies, but to its proved that the Piutes had not good will and kindness, to his stalwarts it was at the mercy of God dreamed in vain. way of thinking. There was alonly.

ways the Indian's side to the Necessity of food, clothing, and

Py the spring of 1883, Bluff ditch trouble, a side which no fair mind many things called men away to with its cribs, its washouts, could ignore. The diligence with the range and the road, no matter

its breaks, and its indispensable which Hamblin always took that the hazard; and families without

cleanings every new moon from the side into careful account was the their protectors lived ever in grave silt spit into it by the path of the main source of his power of perconcern. On many a terrible night

river, had cost the people $69.00 suasion. the writer's mother knelt with her

an acre for all the land they still All the same, how was Bluff with children and prayed heaven to had left to cultivate. That its wretched ditch in the sand, its temper the fierce elements and to

amounted to $48,300.00 for their ponyteams, its tribulation with a soften the hearts of the Indians

seven hundred acres. Their tithcomplete circle of enemies, and its towards the helpless little townsing for the previous year was $760, accumulation of poverty, ever to people. No prayer was complete

about $25.00 to the man. Even soothe the wild native passion when with these vital matters omitted.

then it was not intended to repreonce it became inflamed? The While the rains descended and

sent a tenth of their gain; part of colony was distressed and afflicted the floods came, that detachment

it was deliberately paid on loss for with unending commotion. A of soldiers continued near the

better returns next year. weight of gloom like dark shadows Mitchel post, and the Navajos kept

In the spring of 1884, Mitchel, hung threateningly over them in away from all their visible terriwho ran the trading post twentyits great isolation. The gloom was tory across the river. Something

five miles up the river, suddenly not only in their world of thought, ominous hovered over their empty broke off friendly relations with but black clouds above them also dwellings and silent campgrounds.

the Indians again, and ordered poured out torrents of rain on their Rumbling echoes drifting back from soldiers to his assistance. This mud roofs, and the water came the hills where they had gone

time it was a killing, and the Indrizzling through on everything in sounded not like fear, but rising dians received the blame. In a their homes. It rained all over the anger. Navajo Jim Joe and some

quick minute he touched off the wide river basin above them, and of the wise leaders might be able

Indian situation in San Juan where the river roared more and more to discern between the peaceable it was most desperately inflammable, angrily over its bed of quicksand people of the fort and the hostile the fighting zone where Utah's Inand climbed its banks with startling men from the outside, but the hotdian annoyances had all been conrapidity. headed masses could be guided by

centrated. The very first howl of The people felt great anxiety for nothing but their craving for rethe trouble rode at once on the those of their number who had venge. The river was too terrible

wind to the most remote camp. The been caught by the storm on the for them to cross in the night, and

Navajos moved back twenty miles range or the freight road, and they at its present fury they would not from the river to their mountains, kept a close vigil day and night brave its current in the daytime. So

but the Piutes registered their relest the river should sweep them the people watched the rising flood sponse by killing more cattle, paintaway. Yet the wrath of the torand sent their anxious gaze searching their faces in hideous colors, rent was no more to be feared than ing through the storm for any sign

and bellowing their war chant all the wrath of the Indians because of hostilities beyond it. In the

night in eager relish of the prospect. of the soldiers and the popular way darkness they heard above the

Although Indian wars had beof soldiers with women. The Piutes steady purr of the rain and the roar

come a thing of the past in all the chanted their war songs from dusk of the flood, the strong voice of a rest of Utah, San Juan was still till dawn with an eagerness to see man, calling—calling. The voice

the delicate safety valve where, if the trouble develop, but the Navajos echoed in the cliffs; although they

the pressure became too strong, it kept far back to the south of the could not make out the words, it could blow off without disturbing river. alarmed them, for it seemed to come

people on the outside. That Anguish of dread dragged on the from the other side of the stream.

Mitchel trading post, getting hot heart throbs of helpless women They approached through storm and and smoking at every change of and children in the mudsoaked fort the night as near as they could and the moon was a source from which—anguish smothered to silence lest shouted asking who spoke, and

a disastrous flame could start sudit should be intensified by expreswhat was wanted. At length by

denly and spread soon to the farsion; dread of violent man and viosupreme effort the voice made its

away, if not checked in its early lent elements, painted Indians, desmessage clear: it was Jim Joe; he

stages. perate white men loaded with guns, had come back through the darkFor the best good of the Indians, the wicked old San Juan making ness from distant camps to tell

and the welfare of everybody conwar on its banks with dreadful [Continued on page 530) 528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA: a

Books of Remembrance he great Patriarch Abraham Dh IDauld IK. /Sooerfe tennial year and—or at any time

T wrote ofthereafter.the familyTheisstorytied ofintothethepioneersfulfilBut the records of the fathers, even the ment of the prophecies of the an-

. patriarchs, even unto I kept.. have this NOTE cient prophets. By reading the shall write to endeavor and I some day,

their story of conversion to the gosthe record, for these things of upon this died Roberts R. David November on their of and coming over the sea shall that benefit of come my posterity this article shortly after 24, 1948, had pel,

after me. (Abraham 1:31.) been accepted for publication by The and land to Zion as they did, then

Improvement Era. reading the prophecies, one would

Some four hundred years later be inclined to think that the prophMoses wrote: ets saw, in vision, their peculiar

situations and recorded them. To

kept, of remembrance was a book And baptisms, confirmations, ordinations, say the least, it is strikingly coinin the recorded, in language the which was of Adam, for it was given unto as many missions, church, civic, school, and cident. It is faithpromoting. The

as called upon God to write by the spirit business activities, moves, migraoutline closes with a long lesson on gospel subjects. of inspiration. (Moses 6:5.) tions, faithpromoting stories—all of

that could If those books not been had combe secured—the interest quotes Enoch Moses Then

life. resume of piled human they were, valuwhen much patriarch great from seventh Adam

who said: In October 1928, a copy of this able material would have been lost.

book was placed in the library of As it is, very many precious things

For a book of remembrance we have the Genealogical Society of the have been lost because this gatherwritten among us, according to the patChurch. ing of material was not commenced

tern given by the finger of God; and it is fifty years ago. The peculiar gather-

(Ibid., 6:46.) in language. given our own

unTn 1 939, Bishop Joseph Christenson ing of Israel in the last days was to and which language was pure... a

dented. (Ibid., 6:6.) said: be and is one of the greatest events

in world history. In justice to ourPursuant to the teachings of this The Hugh Roberts record was, in my selves and our posterity we should

for opinion, of the an inspiration Book is to know all there the about know of the scripture, descendants Hugh helped in the Church Remembrance has and participation of our pioneer anown of Roberts DenMary Owensand forto will that live formulate something bighshire, Wales, proceeded to gathever in the hearts of good people everycestors in connection with it.

er, tabulate, and arrange, in an orwhere. There is now preserved, in those

derly way, all of the information of books, information of priceless value every kind and from every source Brother Archibald F. Bennett to posterity. What a pity it is that

that it could be secured concerning said: more information has not been prethat noble pioneer couple, their anWhen we were looking for ideas which served of the lives of our noble piocestry, and their descendants. The could be used with impressive effect in the neer ancestors. They deserve it and

work of gathering this information Book of Remembrance, then [1930] being posterity is entitled to know of it.

junior in connection with it conintroduced in the early accomplish 1920's and takesbegan time geneaTo and logical work, Roberts we found the Hugh it. until of 1928 but it is money, the autumntinued a worth What helpful. family record very

when it was published in a loosewonderful sense of real joy and suleaf book containing 420 pages. During the 1930s some of the preme satisfaction there is in the

( Since that time there have been descendants of David and Catherine realization that one has done his 150 pages added to it.) It has been Roberts of Meirionethshire, Wales, duty in this regard as best he could

divided into sections, including the gathered all the information they amidst a lot of most trying and difearly history of the family and surcould from every source possible, ficult circumstances.

roundings in Wales, the home, acincluding the records of the Church We should honor our pioneer ancepting the gospel, persecution, Historian's Office in Salt Lake City, cestors with the stories of their

Hugh Roberts, president of Eglwys Utah, and compiled and arranged splendid lives and achievements. In

Bach Branch of the Church, migrait in a Book of Remembrance conthe responsibilities placed upon us tion to'Zion with its attendant taining 256 pages which was pubrelating to our ancestry, the Lord events, settling in the valleys of the lished in 1940 in looseleaf form and has commanded "diligence."That

mountains. Next is the genealogical to which six pages have since been is necessary. Nothing can be acsection which tabulates on the then added. complished through halfheartedness

approved forms, the families, with or indifference. If we neglect this

three family groups to the page. Tn December 1946, there was preduty after being admonished to do

This form determined the shape of pared a "Lesson Outline,"or it, what will be our answer? Let

the book. course of study of the general subus "work while it is day: the night

The book is made up of many inject matter of this David Roberts (of death) cometh, when no man teresting subjects; there are biogbook for use in family home evening can work."We must do it today,

raphy, history, records of births, programs, during the Pioneer Cen- "for there is no tomorrow."

AUGUST 1949,,.:M 529

THE FORI ON THE FIRING LINE

(Continued from page 528) should enjoy favors and immunities the people of his friend, Kumen seemingly in excess of their imJones, that they need have no fear portance.

of the Navajos, but to keep away Besides the killings in the reservafrom the fighting men so they tion and along the river, besides would not be mistaken for them. the murders at Piute Spring and at

What a relief! The heathenish LaSal, there was at least one secret

chant and the wild yells of the murder of a white man in Wooden

Piutes echoed still in the cliffs Shoe Breaks, and the end was not around Bluff into the late hours of yet, with more murders ahead. Jim

night or early morning, but the Joe's promise of safety to the peoMormons had learned to count on ple of Bluff if they would stay near a certain immunity from their home, meant no coolingoff of the wrath. This northern tribe had war spirit on the reservation. Aflame COOKING among them certain brave souls with indignation, Jim Joe came to

like Henry who had already reconfer with his friend, Kumen Jones.

strained them in a wild moment, and "They have insulted us as a peotheir treatment of of some ple by his susceptible to they were more that's COOL our meanwomen,"Jim declared, gentle suasion than songs their war would suggest. They contented ing the soldiers from nearby Mitthemselves in killing more cattle, chel's store. "We can't stand it.

stealing more horses, and making If we are men and not children, then must fight."themselves chesty and offensive by we Of Course looks and words. Jones threw his arms Kumen

The cowmen, the soldiers, the around Jim Joe and regarded him hills, fugitives skulking in the figwith can't sympathetic eyes, "You it risky to business It's- ured venture do it, must Jim,"he declared, "You beyond protecting walls without not think of doing it. You will be

ample guards, yet they all conas a weak child in the hands of a sidered the people of Bluff"to be powerful man. It would be the ElECTRIC! in no danger at all. greatest mistake you could make."

"But our women! Our girls!"

I/umen Jones and his wife, reand Jim's light brown eyes blazed turning from attending conferfiercely with his gesture of hot ence in Salt Lake City, heard in resentment.

the north end of the county that "I know it, Jim!"and Kumen

there was serious Indian trouble. Jones looked his keen understanding

At Blue Mountain they met the big through sympathetic tears, "It's too

lisle, and asked, "Is there any your people not to think of such a Utah Power & English cattle baron, Harold Carawful, but you go back and tell danger from the Indians?"thing as trying to fight the United

Light Co. old"Notman. fo'yo'so't,"drawled the them.States. TellThattheirwouldoldbementhe endto tellof

It was a most remarkable state them about Bosque Redondo, and of affairs, this collection of Utah's that to fight again would be worse thirtyyear-old Indian annoyances than that."

all tucked away into the remote Jim shook his head bitterly; it cut

southeast corner of the territory, deeply into his great sense of jusPROFITABLE DAYS for the vital issue to be fought out tice to pass such base insults withAHEAD FOR there to a finish by a handful of out registering any of the indignapoverty-stricken toilers wading tion he felt. Yet he could not doubt

through deep tribulation and sinkthe word of his friend, and springQUISH ing often to the brink of despair. ing to the back of his mustang, he

center of the storm rode GRADUATES The whole away to quiet the cry for

'Capitalize on QUISH territory in fort the solitary revenge. was You'll training be a now!

beautician competent when proSan Juan, obscured by magnificent graduated. QUISH

with technical vides you distances from every other civilized Tn that spring of 1884, the uncomskill gained knowledge and in 25 years. SEND FOR. community, and the only one of monly heavy rains swelled the old

FREE CATALOG TODAY!'its kind still surviving in the west. San Juan till it reached the top of

SCHOOL OF To the obscure, yet indispensable its banks, and still it rose. It reachBEAUTY331 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN guardians of this pivotal point, it ed out with great arms across wide

was a matter of wonder that they bottoms where, judging from the 530 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA size of the giantcottonwoods, it had not run for at least a century.

It ripped into sandhills where no one imagined it could possibly go.It swept away the houses of the STRENGTH

people still remaining at Montezuma, and it whittled that Bluff to*ditch into a hopeless wilderness of success mud and gullies. It buried the These days a young person

fields halfway up the fences under wants to learn how to a blanket of sand and clay, and it stood two feet deep in some of the 1. earn a good living

homes of the town.

No ditch for that season—no 2. help make a fine

crop! trash"the The "white among

daring,hills became the home more and

Piutes, to least, the say were no 3. share in building a

first.better than at the Neither had

any permanent improvement bebetter world come noticeable among the Navajos

At Utah State, the student finds training that contributes to as a people. Surely the mission

had failed; it had butted against success in hundreds of occupations. Also liberal education is

the impossible; the Mormon leaders provided to help a young person develop to the utmost mentally

had underestimated the difficulty and spiritually, to help him become a better parent, citizen, and of the work they had assigned. leader.

The people of the mission were Advantages include reluctant to report again to the

Church leaders that the task was too libraries totaling 140,000 books hard, but they distressed, were aflaboratories with excellent equipment flicted, at the of their resources. end

They reported the condition of af- (electron microscope, spectrograph, etc.)

fairs as they stood, and devoted more than 500 teachers and scientists to aid the themselves to saving what they student in learning to earn and to lead.

could from the wreck while they awaited the expected permission to Schools of Agriculture; Arts and Sciences; Commerce; Edulook for places to make peaceful cation; Engineering and Technology; Forestry, Range, and

homes beyond this disordered Wildlife Management; and Home Economics.

borderland. They believed that

they could find in any direction a Fall Quarter Registration: Sept. 22, 23, 24

country better adapted to human habitation than this sandbed in the For catalog and other information, address midst of ten thousand thieves. The President

Joseph F. Smith and Erastus

Snow of the General Authorities the long tripmade Salt from Lake Utah State Agricultural CollegeCity to inspect again the important outpost. They gazed with amazeLOGAN

ment at the havoc of the flood. They

heard about thieves, desperadoes, remoteness of isolation with no roads on which to get out; they

heard of the festering elements always ready to explode on short i AMAZING notice at this unsheltered end of Offm NEWthe trail.

They showed their sympathetic '"(THERMOPLASTIC;

comprehension of all these things;yet when they spoke to the people | HOME

assembled in the old log meetingCANNINGhouse, they said in substance. "We

love you for the heroic part you VW *- have taken; you have made a wonraffi'

derful beginning towards a most important work; and if it is now Costs No More Than Old Fashioned Paraffin.

(Continued on page 532) AUGUST 1949 531 Once you use THE FORI ON THE MING LINE BerNARdin fame &**&# CAPS & LIDS {Continued front page 531) their fortunes would change for the

L—you'll never change—J more than you can endure, we rebetter; and in due time they would

From the moment you open the package lease you with our blessings to accomplish all the major labors for feel can see you and the advantages—in called. they To had been eswhich give go, but up this we cannot

in the the packing (no sticking metal,—in poverty then Nielson, Bishop sential post. go will Those who

resilient in builtin ring. together) the

And the first batch of canning you "put be blessed, but those who stay will with the rest of his people, they up"with Bernardin caps and lids will be doubly blessed."promised plenty of means if he

sell you for life. You'll have new ease The unexpected assurance and would stay at his post without comand new confidence through these expositive promise in that last senpromise. Feeling repentant for

clusive success features tence, as the people listened, fell having faltered, and accepting the foodsafe enamel over 2 under coats; soothingly on the sting of their assurance of final success, the men

l latex rings built in; disappointment. Somehow it was of the fort agreed to stay and tried rea

lids packed so they can't stick the main thing they heard. to imagine themselves going to be

together. The General Authorities promised successful over all their ugly adFor all these plus additional features at the people that if they would stay, versaries.

no extra cost—just get Bernardin home they would become prosperous; ( To be continued)

canning caps and lids at your store.

MISSION 10 POLYNESIA

(Continued from page 505) be invited to stay with them as a but each wrapped in leaves what permanent teacher, that they build a was left and took it home. Addison home for him, and that they invite

found that he had enough left over him to send to America for his wife to keep him and the family he was and children.

living with for a full week. The motion was seconded and

After dinner the people reassemcarried by unanimous vote.

bled at the meetinghouse. Following song and prayer, one of the two 1 Tf only he would receive some supnative kings on the island, Pihatila, port from his friends at home,

IN USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS arose to address the gathering. even if that support were only a

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple "The purpose of these annual letter! Had he been forgotten?

sore throat and other minor mouth meetings,"he said, "has always Wasn't anyone in America interand throat irritations. been to collect taxes for the missionested in his welfare? These quesother time missionaries from denommissionary, white a ised to send usHALLSSalt Lake REMEDYCity, Utah ary society. That society has promtions came afresh to his mind each island. the arrived on They this tax inations paid have although but we

annually for more than twenty were welldressed, had ample for travel food and supand money as giving as much sometimes... years,

plies, their even OFFER and own had WE year, they root a of arrow four tons COMPLETE A

ENGRAVING SERVICE have never done so."schooners. On one occasion the

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest Moreover, he stated, they had bark John Williams of London came

Catalogues. Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention learned that the money gained from to the island with two missionaries

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. the sale of the produce which the on board. The ship had been named

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah missionaries said was being sent for an earlyday missionary who

back to their native land for general had been killed and eaten by the

Best For support of the society, was being natives of the Fiji Islands. The

PARTY PUNCH kept by the missionaries for their missionaries, a Mr. Piatt, an EngIn Six Popular

Flavors own use. But this missionary (Adlishman, and a Mr. Crowzey, a

Orange, Cherry, dison), he pointed out, had come German, called on Addison. After Raspberry, Lime,

Strawberry and with no advance pay and had lived a long conversation Mr. Piatt left, Grape

STARTUP CANDY with them a year; his teachings and and Addison and Mr. Crowzey conCOMPANY

Provo, Utah example agreed, and he always tinued to talk, discussing Addison's taught them from the Bible. beliefs and his work on the island.

Tamatoa, the island's other king, Addison told of the success he had

HOTEL LANKERSHIM then arose and bore testimony that had, of the healings that had been 7th & BROADWAY what King Pihatila had said was performed through him, and of the

RATES MODERATE true, and a number of chiefs all bore baptisms. The missionary became

for L. D. S. Headquarters in Los Angeles

FRANK R. WISHON. Operator witness to the same. King Pihatila friendly, stating that the conversion,

LOS ANGELES addressed the group again, making and baptizing of the white men on

TWO PERSONS -- ONE CHARGE a motion that all fellowship be withthe island was a remarkable thing, drawn from the society, that Paraita an uncommon occurrence, a feat 532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

probably never duplicated on any island in the Pacific. During the

conversation, the missionary looked down at Addison's feet and saw his toes sticking from the holes in his shoes, noticed that all his clothes were worn, and that he had no floor in his house. So he inquired about

Addison's circumstances.

"And does your society render you no assistance?"he asked.

"No,"was Addison's simple reply.

Writing about the event in his diary that night, Addison recorded that he:

... was ashamed to tell him that

they had neglected to send me even a word of consolation when there had been no less than a half a dozen ships here, direct from where I sailed, where there is a branch of the Church of near 150 members, who had promised with all faithfulness to write us at every opportunity, and not only them, but every friend in America, had shown us the same neglect, for we have not received any word from any of them since we left there, which is now two long years, and I think Brother Hanks {who died and was buried at sea) has made a happy escape from this mortification, and were I not looking to a higher source than the hand of treachThere's nothing like this "Travel Hints"booklet.

erous man, for the reward of my labors, crosses and privations, I should It's new... and the most complete volume yet pubhave long ago died in the slough of lished on the attractions of the intermountain area.

despondency.

Be sure to get your copy early as the supply is limited.

PLEASE DRIVE A fter the missionaries returned to CAREFULLY... Before you take your trip, drive in to your neighthe ship, one of the women pasThe Life You Save borhood UTOCO dealer for complete car servicing.

sengers on board asked, "What is May Be Your Own!

the prospect of those missionaries?"

"Oh, very poor,"Mr. Piatt answered. "There is but one other,

and one has gone home."

"But,"Mr. Crowzey reminded SEE YOUR

him, "there is one on the Chain

Islands yet."

"Yes, but no men can sustain a UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY field of labor under such circumstances,"Mr. Piatt predicted, "and

they will soon leave, and their fieldwill be left to us."Four Minutes Ago

After hearing a report of the con-.'/versation, Addison wrote in his A HOME BURNED DOWN

diary: Every four minutes a home is ravaged by fire. It could be your

home. Have you increased your fire insurance to take care of

But I can tell Mr. Piatt that there

are some Pauls among the latter, as today's high values?

well as among the formerday Saints, See our Agent in your town. He will be glad to help you.

who are willing to administer to their own necessities, when sustenance UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

comes from no other source, and will maintain the contest, and will surrenHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agent Salt Lake City

(Continued on page 534) AUGUST 1949 533

they were needed. When Addison teen yards of bleached shirting, and

Mission To Polynesia left the Timoleon, one of the passeven yards of calico to his ward- (Continued from page 533) sengers had given him a bundle conrobe; and from Captain Joy he obder the field only with their lives, the taining "a generous piece of cotton tained four gallons of blackfish oil in

Lord giving them strength. cloth for patches, a pair of scissors, exchange for two small hogs. Cap-

a large spool of cotton thread, skeins tain Johnson sent him a twentyHow had he lived these long of different colored flax thread, and pound bag of white flour (the first months? The natives had provided other useful articles."One ship flour or meal of any kind Addison

him with most of his food. This he captain presented him with a large had had since being on the island

had supplemented through his own Bible, a peck of rice, a ball of lampand which he used for making bread efforts by the use of his gun. wick, and a canister of gunpowder. for the sacrament). Even Mr.

The Lord had also provided Later, his friend, Captain Sajot, conCrowzey, the German missionary, clothing and other necessities as tributed a pair of heavy shoes, sixgave him a calico shirt.

Then there was Mr. Caine, who

came from Sidney with a stock of goods for keeping a tavern on Tahiti. He invited Addison to come to

see him, and after dinner Addison was about to take his leave when asked him if there were c Mr. CaineSAVE anything he needed. /V D ON YOUR FOOD 81 U. **JQ%mFwr "No, thank you,"Addison said;

"I am very comfortably situated at WITH THE NEW 10.3 Cu. ft. present."

"Ah, I think you are just delicate about making your wants known,"COOLERATOR Mr. Caine replied. "Come and look

in here,"he added as he unlocked a large chest of new clothing, "and if you see anything you need, take |ATDR it.

Seeing some cotton socks Addison said, "I will accept a pair of FR those if it will not discommode you."

"To be sure, sir,"he said in a goodhumored brogue and threw pairs of various colors. Then EEZ out five

looking Addison over, he continued, "I think your summer coat is rather ER tight. Perhaps I have one that

would suit you better."Then he

selected a coat, and also a fine linen Da shirt.

"Now,"he said, "is there any other necessity?"ESN Addison told him that he was not

'T especially fond of poi without a little sugar or molasses with it.

"I have plenty, and it's at your service,"Mr. Caine said, bringing

forward a calabash which contained about four gallons of molasses. CasT "And when this is empty, come back

Buy in quantity when prices are low. and get more."

Eat "gardenfresh"meals from your Things weren't so bad with him

Coolerator the year 'round. after all. In his journal he wrote. in line with the IT Preserve more—safer—"When I take a retrospective view

Church conservation program. of the Lord's dealing with me...,

See your local Coolerator dealer I can say of a truth, he has been or write unto me more than I could have asked."GLENN EARL, INC., 245 South 1st West PAY

Salt Lake City 5 ( To be continued 534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA IN THE GOOD OLD SUMMERTIME

(Continued from page 500) long enough, but if you have colAugust 22. Shift your habits. a

August 17. Now take a turn at lected fifty unanswered missives, little. If you're an outof-doors fan,

that sewing machine. Try out all of you can maybe get a good start on spend the day indoors. A change

those little attachments. Learn your assignment. Begin right after is good for your nerves and skin.

about tension and needle numbers. Sunday School—at least after Likewise, if you're an indoor girl,

Get advice on patterns. Plan your you've had dinner and called your get out under old sol. Take it gradwardrobe, and ask help from the grandparents. Take time to visit in ually. Not everyone is benefited

best sewer, the kindest neighbor, your letter. Picture your friend, reby heavy doses of sunshine, so

and the most generous person you member him as you last saw him, watch it. Get up a glow but beware

know. You needn't look longingly recall his little quirks—the things of blisters.

at the store models if you learn the you liked best, and then talk as one August 23. Learn the names of

art early. friend to another. It will be a good twelve new trees, twelve unknown

August 18. Methinks this is your letter, I can predict that. (Continued on page 536)

grandmother's wedding anniversary (also your grandfather's). Whatever made them get married in August instead of June or September

or December—in one of the popular

wedding months? Better go ask

them. They may not remember, butthey'll love having you interested. FOR MISSIONARIES ONLY...

And find them a little gift to go witha'merry note. They won't be with An Exclusive Discount Policy

you forever, and after all you do

For the past several years, it has been our privilege tolove them.

furnish Church books to missionaries in the field. Needless

August 19. Over half the month to say* the high cost of living has made it more and more

gone, and you haven't arranged that difficult for missionaries to build the reference libraries they family reunion yet! I mean the one should have and want.

that includes all the cousins once reAs our contribution toward making your endeavors lessmoved and the greataunts—all the expensive and easier, we offer a complete line of priceless

young and old honestto-goodness Church books at a 25% DISCOUNT TO FULLTIME MISblood relatives. My guess is that SIONARIES... a saving that makes it possible for you to

there are some you wouldn't even enjoy the type of reference library which will help your recognize if you met them on the missionary efforts.

village green. It's been years and Exercise this discount privilege now... build the Church

years since you let the old cat die library you want and need.

as you swung with cousin Joan.

This reunion is a time for mumbletypeg, kickthe-can, runsheep-run. If BRIEF! INSPIRING!

you're not too strenuous, Uncle in. joinBilly flour may Same of At This 20. boxes many August How L. Evans

closetstuff your have BY Richard on do you shelves? Old dance programs and

stray snapshots and stamp collections—not counting the driedup

corsage that hangs from a ribbon over your dresser mirror? Maybe

those but type, the sentimental bringsyou aren't that He--Ct from collects a few trie prQ.nearly everyone sages

Tabernacle G.I.'s gthings. have a iamous you Even or Y e 1. to bac* gram that a look or would twomemento e SerI*

.. enenjoyment. es. files, or in scrapbooks,lot better nspiring

. comtort interesting - tuai is to get *P-itucabinets. This a good day your ior nched or alarm out, with day. view themthem eoch help andlaughter, and do something about

them. Either make a good bonfire

or set up your treasures neatly for inspection.

August 21. A letterwriting dayif I ever recognized one! If you have BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH

been prompt and valiant in this task, you will find an hour or so

AUGUST 1949 535 a

IN THE GOOD OLD SUMMERTIME

(Continued from page 535) service. Find out something he cial budget for the coming fall and

flowers, and twelve unfamiliar birds. likes, something he dislikes. Visit school needs, your winter—your

Get a book to help you or a naturalwith each for at least half an hour. clothing and entertainment requireist friend. Invite a few other young August 25. Work on your posments—your complete financial

people to go on a nature hike or ture. Get a physical education explans. Have you a job lined up for

to spend an evening studying the pert to show you how to line up Saturdays or after school? Did you

heavens. your spine, cure your ptosis, and earn enough this summer to carry

August 24. Get acquainted with hold up your head. Practise it from you through your heaviest expenses?

three new people—a child, an eldernow on out every day the rest of Can your parents help you with this

ly person, and one somewhere near your life. problem? Would they like to pay

your own age. Do each a special August 26. Work on your finanyou for extra help around the home

or farm? Get this matter worked

out—at least in part—right now.

August 27. Get ready for Sunday but have a date with a friend

a fun date but a strictly nightbe- foreSunday date—one that you can

remember with pride and delight.

*"* everyPractiseten lookingminutes aheadwhen youten areyearson tf\ a date. It's a wonderful exercise for

the eyes and the spirits of every dating young man and woman.

August 28. A good day to listen

to music! Hunt up your favorite

UNIVERSITY records. Perhaps your capacity for

of U49 UTAHIt! musicaler than thatappreciationof your parents.is much greatRadio

and the schools have done much in training musical ears. After Church

get your friends together for a Sunday sing. How many hymns do you

know—beyond the first verse? How

well can you harmonize? Do any

little musical matCOLLEGE *Hn AT WH'UtSfTY BOW >"Ke outof youaboutplaytheseby ear? It's nice to find

ters.

If you're planning to go to college this fall check the advantages August 29. Try today to do

something which is thoroughly exof enrolling at your state school—the UNIVERSITY OF UTAH. hilarating. Is it swimming, horse-

A greatly expanded program and the finest faculty in history offer back riding, running in the wind?

Do it. outstanding educational opportunities.

August 30. Get just a little betColleges of instruction include: Education, Engineering, Medicine, ter acquainted with your dad. It

Law, Business, Mines, Fine Arts, Pharmacy, Nursing, University College might mean helping him in the fields a little bit more intensively. It might

along with the Graduate School and Graduate School of Social Work. mean staying in tonight and asking

points. advice few on a WhatRemember these dates: Freshmen exams, September 19; Frosh his

it. it's You'll "the cost,"worth ever

registration, September 22; Other Students register, September 2324. have new love, new respect, new

Class work opens, September 26. admiration, new anchorage to your

faith.

Plan Your Future AT HOME—AT THE TJ/ August 31. Plan September—

new month—a new day—another

For full information write Office of President at great opportunity to get closer to your Heavenly Father, to his plan,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH hishis children,delights. his earth, his laws, and

Salt Lake City 1, Utah A wonderful month—August

the last month of "the Good Old

Summertime."

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued from page 485) the establishment of a fouryear curplace, Whitingham Center, Vermont.

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council riculum at Ricks. Approval had been The monument is expected to be dediof the Twelve dedicated the East given a year ago for the establishment cated June 1, 1950, the 149th anniverFresno Branch chapel, Northern Caliof a threeyear curriculum with the sary of the leader's birth.

fornia Mission. possibility of the fouryear college for

the student year 194950. This will

The first members of the staff of enable Ricks College to train elemenJULY 1949 27 the Presiding Bishopric opened tary and secondary school teachers, Twelve elders, the first group of their offices in the newlyremodeled who under the law in the state of ** missionaries to be assigned to

Church administration building. Idaho, must have fouryear teaching Germany in a decade, left Salt Lake

certificates by 1955. City for their field of labor, expected

President L. Clarke A of RicksO John zone. at Plans been approved and French have the American Salt to be in ""College, Idaho, Rexburg, erection with for the of a sail City will monuYork anLake from New They

nounced that the Church Department ment to Brigham Young at his birth- (Conducted on page 538) of Education had given approval to

Peter's Confession

(Concluded from page 498) 1910out ever passing it on to others, as Why has been already pointed out. John

the Revelator seems to have had thepresiding powers at the end of the was an important year first century, according to evidence in the Book of Revelation. It will be well to summarize some for the West

of the main points made in this article:

1. The dogma of St. Peter's

the year that a group of forwardlooking Californiaprimacy is a medieval invention. 1910 was

This dogma was unknown to the businessmen established a small foundry in Pittsburg, early church fathers. California. The small foundry expanded rapidly and is today

2. There are many views as to the Columbia Steel Company—a U.S. Steel subsidiary which

what Jesus meant by "upon this is playing an important role in meeting the steel needs of rock I will build my church."(Matthe West.

thew 16:18.) It is particularly sigOther Pacific Coast members of the United States Steel

nificant that St. Jerome and St. family are carrying on a number of activities which are also

Augustine did not believe it was important to the people of this entire region. They are:

Peter. The Latterday Saints beCONSOLIDATED WESTERN STEEL CORPORATION, which fabrilieve that by the "rock"is meant the cates structural steel for industrial and commercial use;

power of revelation or seership. A pipe; refinery equipment; pressure vessels and the like...

more searching analysis of the GENEVA STEEL COMPANY, which produces plates, structural meaning of petra in the Greek text mill products, and pig iron...

has been given.

OIL WELL SUPPLY COMPANY, which supplies the innumerable 3. The meaning of "the gates of

items of equipment and supplies that are needed for drilling hell"has again (Matthew 16:18)

for the transportation and refining of and gas—and elucidated.been has oil The passage

... petroleum

reference to the powers of the kingdom of death. CYCLONE FENCE DIVISION of American Steel & Wire Com-

4. A partial explanation of the pany, which produces fences to aid and protect the farmers,

"keys of the kingdom of heaven"stock raisers and homeowners of the West.

(Matthew 16:19) and the loosing U.S. STEEL PRODUCTS COMPANY, which makes garden tools,

and binding powers has been given. pails, barrels and steel drums.

5. The Latterday Saints know Helping to develop this important region of the country

that Peter, James, and John received is part of the job of the industrial family that serves the the keys of the kingdom on the entire nation... United States Steel.

mount of transfiguration.

6. There is no evidence that Peter

or any of the Twelve passed on their.UNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION.

keys to others. John still exercised SUBSIDIARIES

his powers toward the end of the first century despite claims concerning socalled "successors of St.

Peter"such as Linus, Clement, etc.

AUGUST 1949 537.

The Church Moves on {Concluded /rom page 537) other Europebound missionaries on the SS Marine Flasher. Soon after the

end of hostilities, mission presidents were sent to Germany, who have been directing local missionaries and Saints.

President David O. McKay dedicated the Pasadena Ward, Pasadena

(California) Stake, chapel.

Elder John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve concluded his 44Sunday

eveningSmith—Prophetradio seriesof God."entitled Josepli

\ Elder Spencer W. Kimball of

* the Council of the Twelve dedicated the Stillwater, Oklahoma, recreation hall of the Church.

Evidences and Reconciliations for Summertime's Greatest Pleasure if tied {Concludedin with thefromspiritpage 513)and prac-

H tice of religion. Standing alone, it STARLITE DINNERDANCING (NightlyGARDENSexcept Sunday) is cold, lifeless, inert, soulless; placLuncheon.Daily Musical Luncheon Saturday (Noon 'til 2) ing itself under the direction of reSunday Dinner (6 to 10 p.m.)

spiring, a means of blessing to the $ '- HOTEL ligion it becomes warm, helpful, insoul. Max Carpenter,UTAHManager human

j---?->-?---?-?-?--j-;? >; -s-3-%-?> As science advances and increases, as new discoveries are

made, as more complete command is obtained over the forces of nature, the more necessary it becomes that we have a religion to guide us in employing these discoveries. To

save the world from science, and to make science the builder of a good world, we must hasten our progress towards the fuller acceptance of

God. So, the answer to the question

at the head of this article is very simple. In an age of science we have

greater need than ever before of religion. A conscience of science is

a present A. W. need.—/.

Brigham Young Said:

Tf the Latterday Saints magnify their calling, walk humbly before their God, do the things that are pleasing to their Father in heaven, and walk up to their duty in every respect, I am bold to say that not five years only, but scores of years, will pass away without the Saints ever being interrupted, or driven again from their possessions: thus far it is

for our good. Journal of Discourses, i: 144 ( after five years in the

valley ) 538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA [Continued from page 495) The Savior, speaking on the lovely

Mount said: Blessed are ye, when men shall revile, WallsMM

you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my with Heavy Kote /sake.

Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for

great is your reward in heaven: for so

persecuted they the prophets which were before you. (Matt. 5:1112.)

When he was preaching in Galilee, Jesus said:

For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose his own soul?

Or what shall a man give in exchange for his soul?

Whosoever therefore shall be ashamed of me and of my words in this adulterous and sinful generation; of him also shall the

fuss. or Just muss No of ashamed, cometh he whenSon man be

it roller or spray, brush, the ofin glory holy the with his Father it's on. hours a few In

angels. (Mark 8:3638.) dry. Radiant colors that

stay radiant despite frequent washing.

'"pHE Spirit of God, the Holy Ghost, beareth witness, each of Get HEAVY KOTE at dealers who feature them, to us of the divinity of this work. You will recall that as Jesus

was resting from his labors, atCaesarea Philippi, he there interGENERAL PAINTS rogated the Twelve who were with him:... Whom do men say that I the Son AUTO AND TRUCK INSURANCE SAVINGS!

of man am? The National Farmers Union Automobile and Casualty Company

And they said: has

Some say that thou art John the Baptist:

some, Elias; and others, Jeremias, or oneof the prophets. REDUCED RATES AGAIN

and is paying a The Savior then asked: 10% DIVIDEND

But whom say ye that I am?

on 1948 calendar year business

Peter answered: You may also make large savings on insurance for GRAIN stored

under GOVERNMENT LOAN... Thou art the Christ, the Son of the

living God. INSURE

And Jesus said to him: with your National Farmers Union Insurance Represenative today

—or write Farmers Union Coop Insurance—Box 1438, Salt Lake

Blessed art thou, Simon Barjona: for City 11, Utah.

flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven. BurtonBEAVERM. White HANNAJoe Wilcken NEOLAJoseph S. Malnar SALINAJoseph D. Freece

(Matt. 16:1317.)

DELTA HUNTINGTON OASIS SALT LAKE CITY

Macbeth W. We may all have the testimony MillardELMO V. Owens JUNCTIONPaul J. Paulson OGDENLawrence Cropper M.PaulHito V. Kelly Okada

T. Alger Barlo Samuel Uchida N. Luke Ken all Peter.of should for seek We FORK SPANISH S. Nelson Alger

KAYSVILLE OREMit. If L. Blain the Bingham Lord wishes to the add EMERY L. Cordner Strong Thomas Harry

TRIDELL oftestimony the senses, should Elbert T. Triplett Ral Blackburn we

LEHI Darrell Goodrich FERRON grateful; thebe but testimony of the RANDLETT

B. Rulon Allred VERNAL Elbert H. Barton Chandler Owen

isSpirit call all within of the us. of E. James Kamas LOGAN FILLMORE ROOSEVELT Noel Hamm it, isAll to to live get to need do we T. B. Marlin H. Utley L. Thad Creech Cragun Johnson Orlan

(Conclitded on page 540) AUGUST 1949 539 TESTIMONY AN INVESTMENT for it and(Concludedseek it; fromand pagethat539)testimony myI testimonyshould likethatto theleaveProphetwith youJowhen it comes will be in us a burnseph did have a vision of the Father

will ing that the testimony, testimony the a Son, and that through himJul QomfohL that its fulgospel restored, so live be as a fire, if even in was we we keep it. We should see to it that it ness, subject to further revelations

is righteous works, proper that the to give, wish fed by as God may that PAYS living. to it should see restored, that it priesthood the same was We

BIG DIVIDENDS neverashes ofbecomestransgression.smothered by the thatpriesthoodhe ancientlythat theconferredSavior held,uponandhis

To you young people I appeal: Apostles and the Seventy, that that

live testimony, a Seek humbly; to for priesthood so restored the ProphIN it, will give it to you. with in the today us and God et Joseph is And $$$$

when you get it, do not be boastful, same purity, with the same authority but be humble, because if you and powers and functions that were

FIREPROOF boast, it may leave you. bestowed upon the Prophet Joseph

testimony, a testimony born of the May God help each of us to gain WOOLSULATE Humbly, I would like to bear my Smith.

"The Superior Rock Wool!"Spirit which I try to nourish and a testimony if we do not already

it. May he give us the abilkeep burning—that God lives, that possess

For name of your nearest he is our Heavenly Father, that ity to testify to it and of it on proper

ContractorDealer Jesus Christ was his Son, the Only occasions and in the proper way.

Begotten in the flesh, that Jesus May we always be humble, for humcall or write Christ is the Redeemer of the world, ility is necessary to the full enjoythat he was born, died, lay in the ment of the Spirit of the Lord. May

WOOLSULATE, Inc. tomb, and on the third day was he be with us during this meeting,

1349 South Main raised a resurrected being, the first I humbly pray, leaving you my testiPhone 6-3629 fruits of the resurrection, redeemmony as I have given it, in the name

Salt Lake City, Utah ing us from the fall. of Jesus Christ. Amen.

VWWWWWWUWWVWWWW BLESSINGS FOR YOUTH (Continued from page 493) you may have come from, today, as exception of a few trees and wilyou go to and fro in the world, all lows along the streams that came that you enjoy, all that brings hapdown from the mountains."piness, has come to us from our Fa-

"But,"they have replied in wonther in heaven, how grateful I am.

derment, "see what it is like now."Not only did he create the earth

I have had a number of people that we live upon, but he also prewho have traveled the world over pared it so that it would provide the say: "We have never seen such a necessities of life and joy and happibeautiful place to live in,"and then ness for us all.

they have added, "and your people When those who were unfriendly seem so happy. We do not find to the Church drove our people out

people growling and complaining as from the east, first from some parts we move around among you. They of Missouri and then from Nauvoo,

are happy and smiling."Illinois, they turned their faces

Then I have been able to say westward to this wilderness; to a

to them: "All happiness that is section where one of the great men of

it was not a fit See It! worthy of the name is the result of our nation had said

keeping the commandments of our place to live. Our enemies did not

happiness."know that it was not what we saw Hear It! Heavenly Father—all And the visitors have looked at at that time, it was not what we

Play It! me in amazement sometimes, as knew at that time, that was all that if they hardly knew what I meant. we were to have. Now we know

I realize that I have been that there is not a good thing in the AT When taught that from the time I was a world, there is not a truth that enchild in this great organization of riches the lives of the human family

M.I.A., taught to appreciate all that we may not enjoy in these

these blessings, and when I realize great mountain valleys and in these 259 South State Street that today, it does not make any stakes of Zion and mission fields

Salt Lake City difference where you may go in the where the Church functions. All

world, it makes no difference where that is worth while our Heavenly 540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. /

Father has provided for us. As I see

these workers that are here, these THE LARGEST

Mutual Improvement officers who give so much of their time, I know sometimes that they do get weary HOTEL IN because it takes a lot of time and alot of patience to guide these boys SiLOS ANGELES and girls along the pathways that SENSIBLE RATES will enrich their lives. Do you SINGLE

realize that from the little handful 2.50 to *8

of people who were here a hundred years ago, we have now grown to DOUBLE number more than a million souls, $3.50

and that among thae more than a to no million membership of the Church, approximately one hundred and seventyfive thousand are members of the organization that you represent? aaaaaaraaaa *ii.;:

It is marvelous to know how we grow and develop under the 5350,000 influence of the Spirit of the Lord. ENT

I feel sure that nobody could ERNIZATION have enjoyed the program of M.I. A.

better than I have, and I stand here andIn theshoppingheart ofdistricts,the importantthe Rosslyndowntownoffersbusinessmore now to thank those who provided for your money than any other high class hotel that program when I was a child,...Advance reservations accepted and definitely

encouraged me to participate in it. Specialconfirmeddriveinwith noAutotimeLobbylimit on...You'llyour stayenjoy.. the

I feel to bless those who taught me perpetual sunshine of our Garden Sun Roof.

the value of modesty, of virtue, of all righteousness. I hope to live theeternally. They, who were my 111ROSSLYNWEST 5th ST.- LOS ANGELES

friends and teachers, will live eternal life also, and as long as the eternities endure those who gave their bless to helptime have me will my wlnrliavea... 10 to 15 DEGREES

gratitude, so this andlove and my morning I say to this great group of workers in M.I. A., you are "laying COOLER.'up treasures in heaven where moth. Swelter

and rust doth not corrupt nor Yes, you can get relief from low costthieves break through and steal."hot summer sun—at

(See Matthew 6:20.) You are layohelter WOOL.by insulatingA permanentlywith BALSAMeffi-

ing up the treasures in heaven of Wi*mP cient insulation, securely faseternal gratitude of the boys and tened to framing members, girls that are under your watch care, GUARANTEED to give you and the more you do for them, the greater year around comfort more you enrich their lives and precooler in summer, warmer in fuel savings thatpare them for happiness, the greater winter—plus

will be your joy in their companionwill pay for BALSAMWOOL in ship throughout the ages of eternity. a few years.

This morning I am happy to meet with you here, grateful to my brethren and sisters who have made my MorrisonMerrill & Co. ASK YOUR FRIENDLY

life so rich, given me so many oppocatello SALT LAKE CITY reno /ufH/ume&ls&ol&tr portunities. If I had time, I could IDAHO UTAH NEVADA

name quite a number who are here this morning. I am going to take

time to name one man I saw last HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.

night. IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA PAINS IL*J00T \ I.*,"m, Dr. Barron's COST!—Try CENU- 8 H I I QTI well, / very not but been have relief! for foot quick Cushion*,NEOR Jf H"//"*** KING'S REST YE off MOTEL FootNOtake pressure They / j& J3 'corns, heels,painful sore absorb aching arches jf callouses,—dressed, ofgot out bed 4$ and and had /J 5th 526 STREET SOUTH wJB|jp*\ shocks, help t Ligrht, arches. weak JJ&S&* If ventilated, jSjT spongy. supportLIKE j48r WALKING A to drive the family of Dr. B.one Foutz, PIL-*ReHarold says:ON shoes. Dr. me any Barron Wear LOW! Owner my f\jRy tired, lieves feet heel toes."illlssly Foutz, H. Edgar for StateSend4 Manager PAIR, plus C.O.D.from topostage. or $1.98.Jiyonly achingA in L of Margetts George washome who if or and man 30DAY woman. Wihoe GUARTRIAL

if back, relief! blessed size.Money no ANTEE. Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

trie, Dept. n.y.c. 2700 broadway, 2s ]Q d-j ORTHOt (Concluded page 542) on

AUGUST 1949 541 BLESSINGS FOR YOUTH [Concluded from page 541) to manifest to every one of them the ninety years old yesterday. When richness of righteousness as they

JhlL I walked up the path to his house, observe our lives.

It outside. standing he was was Imin the Mutual My happiness for quite effort yesterday me an has been organization to provement

get around, but when he took my very great, and I want to take thisDESERET hand and thanked me for coming occasion to thank the men and womand said: "I am grateful to you for en and the boys and the girls that

coming,"I then realized that I had I have associated with in this great that man approximately sevorganization for the privileges thatNEWS known enty years. He has been one of have been mine. This is a part of

those who have served here in this the Lord's Church. It is only one

tabernacle as an usher, all these department of it, but a very imporPRESS years. He has not received the distant one, and those who are called

tinction, of being a governor of a to guide it in the general boards and state, or a presicouncilman, or city misin stakes and the and wards COMMERCIAL that honors a university, dent of will part, not their sions, do who

I stand will time, they but wasting their here be is called AND EDITION haveto saycomethattowhenmany,thebutroll satistheir for own be accumulating of those whom our Heavenly Fafaction, to be enjoyed forever, the PRINTERS AND ther loves for their patience, for blessings of the kingdom of heavwill that others which make do for BOOK BINDERS their industry and willingness to en. I pray that the Lord may bless like Brother happy, Marmen them

officers charge have now who at these their find will not getts names PAPER RULING to see glad so of this work. I am list, but of the they will the bottom

find their names inscribed in the quite a number of the former officers

Lamb's Book of Life with the ashere this morning, many of whom surance of eternal happiness in the served a long time. There is one

companionship of those they love that I have missed this morning, and is I unSister Fox. that Ruth May with. associated have J-rofe6Sion,al and able to be that she is not derstand

all live not to be ninety may We health. of her because here today

to age whatever but years young, and Social we live, if each day of our lives we Sister Fox is ninetyfive years to All those make young. who want bless to use something do others—to

S>tatir.ionen join like to and would her happy the of expression an Boy Scouts

if we do our daily good turn, we with me in sending her our love and will continue to accumulate peace, blessings, raise your right hand.

Lord of hands! a sea The satisfaction, What love, joy, happiness,

her, blessed and has as he you small thing, but bless PHONE 4-2581 be a and it will not 29 RICHARDS STREET theit willkingdombe a greatof ourjoy Heavenlyto us whenFain asI prayhe hasthatblessedthe peacemanythat others,comes onlyand ther we go on throughout the ages from our Heavenly Father, may of eternity. abide with us continually, and that we

Our Heavenly Father has made may not lose our opportunities, that it plain to us that all our blessings we may not put aside the privileges are predicated upon observance of that we have to bless our Father's EM law. If we want to be happy in the other children, but knowing that we

celestial kingdom, we must observe are living eternal life, that each of the laws that govern that kingdom. us may make our contribution every

And when I think of the joy these day to make this world happier and fine, sweet boys and girls have here brighter and prepare it, eventually, on earth, and see them growing up to be the celestial kingdom of our day by day, and realize that they Lord. When that time comes and

will continue to grow and develop when the Lamb's Book of Life is forever, how pleased we ought to be opened, and there are disclosed there the names of those who have been

Every man, conducting himself as true and faithful, who have lived a good citizen, and being accountrighteous lives, I pray that we may able to God alone for his religious all find our names enrolled there opinions, ought to be protected in with those we love, not one missing, worshiping the Deity according to and I ask for that blessing, in the the dictates of his own conscience. name of Jesus Christ, our Lord.

—George Washington. Amen.

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

%U Wontk With CHURCH PUBLICATIONS MORE The Instructor...

"p lder Joseph F. Merrill of the Than Business Training

Council of the Twelve writes to

Besides a full curriculum of business the question, Why the Sunday courses and business education the L.D.S-

School in the August Instructor. Business College offers you these many

Elder Albert E. Bowen, in writing other advantages:

on the Sunday School career of

Elder Stephen L Richards, present L.D.S. Institute of Religion with Lambda Delta Sigma activities.

adviser to the Sunday School generof inspiration and culture.al board, gives a comprehensive reAn environment

port of Sunday School activities Social activities and new friends.

since about the turn of the century A faculty interested in young people.

—the career of Elder Richards

and the accomplishments of the For further general board being so strikingly information BUSINESS COLLEGE parallel. Dr. Elfriede Frederick write... 70 North Main Salt Lake City, Utah L.D.S.Brown presents the second article

of the series: Food, Nutrition,

Health, and Efficiency. J. N. Washburn, in his history of the Sunday

Schools, writes of the first Sunday

Schools in the mission fields. Jrin Kyutstanding flew iuoon on [Prophecy...

The Children's Friend.. PROPHECY AND

A ugust should afford a gala time for the youngsters who arelucky enough to have a copy of The MODERN TIMES

Children's Friend come into their By W. Cleon Skousen, L.L.B.

homes, for it abounds in clever aniWith Foreword by Ezra Tart Benson mal and circus stories, poetry, and things to do, such as games and "This formidable collection of prophecies is dispuzzles and coloring. The feature cussed plainly, simply and carefully. This chalfor parents was prepared by Elder lenging volume will be of interest to all Latterday

Marion G. Romney: "Children Saint readers."—John A. Widtsoe in the Era review.

Should Be Taught the Principles of the Gospel."A section for officers De Luxe Cloth $2.50 Leatherette $1.75

and teachers of the Primary will prove welcome. DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Ihe Relief Society Magazine..

HThe Tasks of Modern Citizenship by G. Homer Durham heads the

list of unusual and worthwhile features in the August issue of the

Society President Magazine.Relief PROVED ON THE WESTERN RANGE of theS. Dilworth Young New

England States Mission tells about

Rugmaking in the New England Mission. Fiction includes instalments of two serials: The Jumpher

Family by Deone R. Sutherland and

Joanna by Margery S. Stewart, in

addition to Words and Music by AMERICA'S FINEST

Bernice Brown and Music in the OVERALL. Since 1850

Home by Norma Wrathall.

AUGUST 1949 543 OWL mimon

"Speak the Speech"L.D.S. ADDRESSES OF SERVICEMEN'S both goodHOMES

are in'Twoare wordssometimesthat confusedare of commonby speakers.usage-—andThe words 1104 24th St., Cor. 24th Calif. & "C,"San Diego,

cident and instance. Instance means to cite or give an exam615 "F"St., Marysville, Calif.

ple. An incident is an event or an occurrence. 1594 So. Beretania St., Honolulu, T.H.

<s> McGill, Nevada Dear Marba Josephson: thought, who will give to precious youth the vital spiritual

Thanks to The Improvement Era for an inspiring writers'food they need.

contribution. Dr. for Your thanks Lloyd's your to is conference you and approach youth fresh, scintillating—like I itself! I I enclosing the poem help to big me. talk speak for am will be a us all in saying the God bless him and

read, in case you might want it for the Era; also another one* Era family.

which best describes my state of utter chaos when you asked Sincerely your brother, me to speak. Elder Richard Bassetti

I'm ever so grateful.

Thelma Ireland -<$>- *The poem is printed here: THE LIGHT TOUCH

M. C. 'My doctor tells me I can't play golf."

'So he's played with you, too."

By Thelma Ireland >- I'mI verydearlyconversational.love to chat. plorer,"It was"thatsothecoldcandlewherefrozeweandwere,"we couldn'tboasted blowthe Arcticit out."ex-

I always think of things to say, "That's nothing,"said his rival. "Where we were the

No matter where I'm at. words came out of our mouths in pieces of ice, and we had

When I do all the talking I to fry them to see what we were talking about."

Will hang on every word.

When others speak, I interrupt, --

But I just must be heard.

Horses!"said the to Yankee the Canadian. "Guess I you best advice; give the can Oh,

talk can't to I about horses. me once old had an that mare wise. really I'm very

licked the fastest express train on fortymile a run."is while conversation worth The

"That's nothing!"said the Canuck. "I fifty out was about I monopolize. When miles from house on my farm one my frightful day when if a talk, called to I'm But upon

storm I up. came turned the pony's for head home, and I'll do struck and weak. be mute

know, you he the raced storm so for close last the miles ten shut to only up The me way

I that didn't feel drop, a while dog, ten only my behind, yards Is: call speak. to on me

to had the swim whole distance."

North Wilkesboro, N.C.

July 1, 1949 -<S Editors: in guide Dear Yellowstone Park, A when asked why he was

Is articles, in his first lacking "Your P. Lloyd, Now,"the finger Day of his Wesley right hand, answered:

"I've been a issues has the Era, a guide, done Dr.in of and for boy, June and man twentyfive the May years, and

I just naturally that of youth. of the problems finger in wore job answering off commendable many pointing out places

The Church and the world need men to follow his lines of interest to inquisitive tourists."of

TWO PARTICIPANTS IN JUNE CONFERENCE

The theme for the 194950 season of M.I. A, was introduced by Marilyn Oliver and Frederick Pingree at the

Friday morning session of June Conference, June 17, 1949. In the photograph Marilyn is shown pinning the

theme on Frederick.

(See page 494 for addresses by these young people.)

—Photograph, courtesy "Salt Lake Tribune"

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

- --,,.,.... v........ UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

Nature's LongRange Planning

Scenes like this in romantic Jackson Hole where Mt. Moran

and Jackson Lake bring earth and sky together in one majestic masterpiece, attest the wisdom of nature's longrange planning. Man, too, must plan if his life is to be a benediction to

those who follow after.

One of a series from George Albert Smith, Pre*. Salt Lake City, Utah

beautiful "Beneficialand'