EETOEN POSTAGE GUARANTEED UMBHwaaSsafitt 1830 A CENTURYOFWORLD PROGRESS 1930

Combined with theWmGWM&wS:ii0UKNAL

vi

IN EVERY HOME <L THE ERAiTOiMTOMs

Ilftl i **-——

Buy Mountaineer Overalls EQUIPPED WITH StopLoss Pockets PATENTED "Nothing Can Fall Out"Saves your etc. No matter what position you are working Tools—Watch—Coins,

in, it is impossible for anything to fall out of StopLoss Pockets.

Looks and||ftorks just the same as other pockets.

When yotM put your hand in. and take out your coins,

keys, watch, rule, pliers, etc., theStopLoss Pocket is exactly

the same as an ordinary pocketlt But there's a patented feature in its construction (that? you cannot see or feel)

which makes it impossible for any thing to Fall out of a

StopLoss Pocket.

Saves You Many Dollars Yearly

STOPLOSS POCKETS are endorsed by workmen in practically every trade that uses overalls.

Get StopLoss Pockets On

Overalls

Manufactured by 2. C. M. I., Salt Lake City, Utah,

Community Upbuilding

Imbued with the motto "Live and help others to live,"

Z. C. M. I. at its inception endeavored to create a sentiment among residents of cities and counties favoring

the upbuilding of their own respective communities.

The founders of the organization realized that money sent out of the state rarely returns. Inasmuch, therefore, as it is the surplus we create that makes for

growth and development, they advocated keeping money at home—thus developing your ownn environment.environment.

>—'* "<*> i >m *k

the: Sfr.llRITYWAy

for those FUND who Days DAY have a SUNNY RAINY of the at one in a Savings Account earnings six month's—a sumDaysof aremoneychangedequal toto Sunny

twentyfive banks of the First Security Corporation System.

With that much cash on hand, earning compound interest, you and your family can meet layoffs, change of employment—or can almost any emergency that may arise—sickness,

take advantage of investment opportunities when they come.

Start YOUR Sunny Day Fund next pay day with one of these

First Security Corporation banks, either in person or by mail:

National Copper Bank, Anderson Bros. Bank,

Salt Lake City Idaho Falls, Idaho

First National Bank, Thatcher Bros. Banking Co.,

First Savings Bank, Ogden, Utah Logan, Utah

First Security Banks at:

Boise, Nampa, Mountain Home, Gooding, Jerome, Rupert, Shoshone, Pocatello, Hailey,

Blackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Rock Springs, South Superior, Wyoming;

Richmond, Hyrum, Garfield, Magna and Bingham, Utah.

mnHtftaa Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

COMBINED RESOURCES FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS 306 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

i ifc.

DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO., 61 MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE CITY

'w N>V

KIMBALL

GRANDS From $850 up KIMBALL UPRIGHTS From $450 up A <& $ For nearly threequarters of a century we have successfully and faithfully served the musicloving people of this state. Keeping pace with the march of progress

<tJ and continually improving our standards.

i i i f i

The Marvels of the -D Newest in Radio are reflected in the list of models we offer.

See our New Models ATWATER KENT VICTOR MAJESTIC BRUNSWICK SONORA AtwaterKentRadio Musical Merchandise of Undisputed Leadership.

Liberal and Dignified Terms if Desired.

Special Bargains In CSTABUSHSD 1660 USED PIANOS, '61-3-5 MAINS; Players

JOSEPtfJDAYNES - PRESIDENT CAPITAL */.000,000 and

"OLDER. THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"Radios.

1 W -1JV-*p* The Improvement Era for March, 1930 307

ECAST Improveoieinit Era Of the many literary gems given The to this community by Orson F. Heber J. Grant

Whitney of the Quorum of Hugh J. Cannon Editor Elsie T. Brandley

Twelve, nothing better has been Managing Editor Associate Editor written, we believe, than his dramatic poem "The Lifted Ensign, a Melvin J. Ballard Clarissa A. Beesley

Call to Israel."It was composed Business Manager Associate Business Manager

especially for the Centenary CeleGeorge Q. Morris

bration of the Church and is a Rachel Grant Taylor fitting prelude to the articles, which Chairman Finance and Publications will be commenced in the April number of the Era and be continOrgan of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement ued on the achievements in May, Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ organization. In thisof this

composition the poet speaks in exof Latterday Saints alted language, but a language all can understoodwhich be by CONTENTS a true have of this conceptionwho Page Title latterday work. Editorial

f i i The Sweetness of Service Hugh J. Cannon 309

"Priesthood as the Supreme ReThe Slogan Elsie Talmage Brandley 310 ligious Differential,"by Rudger HisIs NatureFather'sKindHouseto Man? i Dr. JosephLewis J.F. WallaceMerrill 3ll315

Clawson, president of the Quorum The Beauty of Bravery George H. Brimhall 316

of Twelve, is a thoughtful article Batik Work Glenn J. Beeley 316

which presents a view of this imJesus as a Personage in History Elder J. M. Sjodahl 317

portant subject not usually taken PoetryA Sensible Girl. A Story Willy Walker 319318

by our people or by the world. Winds Leone E. McCune

Spring's Coming Harold Goff Others of the general authorities Where Angels Smile—Harold Goff

of the Church will contribute SpringTo the inWindSalt Lake Valley Jesse MillerHopeRobinsonSpencer articles to the April and May Recreation Lotvry Nelson issues, which will make of these Laughing Spring Minnie Iverson Hodapp numbers as valuable an exposition March Ivy Williams Stone

S. Hinckley 320

Bennion 322 of Church achievements as can be WhyA SpiritualRead thePhilosophyBible of Life DeanBryantMilton had in the space at our command. Champion "Mormon Utes"Wallace F. Toronto 325

This is in fulfillment of the promHints on Making the Best of Life Dr. John T. Miller 327

Burning. of the Williams Out Stone 329 A Story (Chapter Four) Ivy Forecast. February ise made in the

the of Legends Wasatch Henry 332 F. Kirkham

f i i in Recreation the Home An important article, not hereVanguard Leather Stunts A. A. Anderson 334337

tofore promised, will be presented Every Home Needs a Flower Garden Maud Chegwidden 324 333 title theunder. Anthem of "Economic Music:Birthday Hosannaof the ReliefHallelujah!—CentennialSociety L. Aspect of D. S. Achievements."Professor Evan Stephens 339

It is from the pen of Stephen L. Stampeded. A Story Silas L. Cheney 342

Richards of the Quorum of the Priesthood Quorums

Is the Effort? It Not Worth J. A. Rockwood 345 describes the reason andTwelve

in Improvement Teaching Ward 348 in has engaged Churchwhy the in Success Teaching Ward 348 business and gives an answer to the Aaronic Priesthood Progress 349 criticism which has developed out Aaronic Priesthood Suggestions 349

Work this "HoliMutual situation. has of Why Activity Community Committee 350 inscribed ness been to the Lord"Department Adult Women's 353

over the doors of business institu- M Men Department 353 tions? The impelling motive be- M MenGleaners'Department 354

Girls'Gleaner Department 354 activities of the the Church hind

Girls'Department 355 industrial business along and Girls'lines JuniorBeeHive Department I 357 is clearly, though briefly, defined.

i i i Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

The interesting series "From the Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1 103.

Green Mountains to the Rockies"Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

will be resumed. This account, Manuscripts submitted without the statement, "At usual rates,"are conillustrated with original photosideredrequested,freewillcontributions.be destroyed. Photographs, unless their return is especially

scenes describing and graphs and of the hearts events dear to this $2 perPublishedannum. monthlyAddress:at RoomSalt Lake406CityChurchby theOfficeM. Building.I. A. General Boards;

people, will prove a valuable addition to our Church literature.

308 The Improvement Era for March, 1930 1 f""* '** s s * * * III li dfc n

Brick says: Man

"B //V homes, ye shall know them, for verily a house reflects its master!"

The discriminating person will give serious study to the selection of a material with which to build a home. An investment of a life time

is represented in the building of a home and a wise person does not make investments without carefully considering the returns.

Investigation and careful study will show that taken all in all there is no other building material which so effectively combines the merits of quality, economy, beauty and strength, as does face brick.

Our brick are manufactured from selected clays only, chosen for their particular adaptability to the manufacture of high grade brick. These

clays are carefully mixed, blended and burned to insure every quality desired in a face brick.

Brick are impervious to heat, cold and mois ture; they are resistant to the corrosive action of

the elements and fire, while the beauty of their varied color tones and textures remains unchanged throughout the years to charm the eye and warm the heart.

Brick lasts indefinitely, requiring no repairs or upkeep and insuring comfort, protection and satisfaction.

THERE CAN BE NO SUBSTITUTE FOR

BRICK! Investigate this statement thoroughly

before you build.

THE SALT LAKE PRESSED BRICK CO.

319 Kearns Building Salt Lake City, Utah

Phone Was. 951

pi wm ""* I L O R A EDIT Hugh J. Cannon Heber J. Grant Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Editor Associate Editor

The Sweetness of Service By HUGH J. CANNON

FORMER president of the Netherlands misMusicians in the Church also offer a praisesion tells of an interesting conversation in worthy example of unselfishness. Often, to the detriwhich he once engaged with a gentleman ment of their personal interests, they respond to into at special services, funerals, sing or play visited occasions Utah. The vitations on severalwhoAhad

etc. missionary farewells, become the world, said:traveler "I have been around

acquainted with almost every country on the globe, Dr. Alfred Kerr, a prominent German editorial

and have found but one place where I could not perwriter, visited the United States two or three years little ago, spent in and some time the surand Utah the on was take money. people to Thatsuade my country, rounding studying the system. "Mormon"City."Salt in Lake BlockTemple

his return to Berlin he wrote a Upon published and a described.situation gentleman which The

title the under is book Land. devotes of Yankee He is service so Gratuitous comtypically "Mormon."considerable space therein to current the saying, "Live this that the people ofmonplace community among

let live,"his prevails and in native which land and cause if respect actions this their in are surprisedthey is indeed, it universal, almost compares and with toothers wonder. the "Mormon"idea, defined by him as "Live and one's and spirit unselfish giving of means of The

live."of help the Gospel of part self is aone's fundamental

infer that one not must of this Of course members the mortal true during Christ. ThisJesus was

are in time, alone devoting life Church thought and it is less true today. not Master; The bestof the

spirit to the needs of their fellowmen. money The is pricecapable areservice and of which men women

the hearts of brotherhood is gripping and helpfulness its loses sold, andless. It neither nor be bought can

all civilized of nations, throughout and men women barter. of ifgreatest an object value it is made

efforts this to of souls hearted big and bring about girls Saints, Latterday the boys young and Among desirable result contagious. are proving

their fasting in parents to participate withare taught their Scouts with daily The Boy good turn are to proper the to donate andone day each month in part an important of the development the of that poor playing saved the wantsauthority the amount brotherhood. world rightthinking Every man are to supplied. taught pay be thereby Theymay heartily that approves of Latterthe movement, and forcarried the betithing of the that Lord work may

it Saints see in inspiration day high. from on of building the to earnings give of theirward. They girls BeeHive constantly the have before Our them constake houses chapels, andtemples, and ward

it is "Spirit of the clause hive."in the "Taste One cause. hours devote missionary thetribute to They sweetness of service."sweetest inspiring and most The duties the discharging plans and in preparingof time

life it record, have of which any though ended we on organauxiliary officers teachers in Churchof and is in service the Calvary, the one most which was all done This is in Priesthood quorums.izations and

given. voluntarily. An outstanding thought in "Mormonism"is that

While the elder who goes out into the world to man cannot be saved alone. Would not heaven, with

represent the Church is willing to accept assistance all its pictured glories, be a neverending torment from those who desire to give it, he expects and is prewithout our loved ones? And to be worthy of heaven,

pared to pay his own way. During the course of his must we not have a sincere love for all mankind and

mission he gives away tracts and books to the value of desire that they, too, shall be saved? "Thou shalt

many dollars, besides paying his traveling and other love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, and with expenses, and receives nothing of this world's goods all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first

for his time. and great commandment. And the second is like

The Relief Society organization, which celebrates unto it. Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyself."

its eightyeighth anniversary March 1 7th, exemplifies Nothing stands out more clearly today than our dethis spirit. In Australia a family of faithful Church pendence upon others—socially, industrially, spiritmembers testify that they, as afflicted strangers in ually. It is the difference between civilization and

Utah, were led to the truth through the kindness of savagery; it is the difference between salvation and

some humble workers in this organization, and many damnation. Shall we merely let people live, now and

such cases might be cited. hereafter, or shall we help them to live?

Th an 'We Stand for the Preservation of Our Heritage through. Obedience to Law'

By ELSIE TALMAGE BRANDLEY A HERITAGE, the dictionary tells us, is thai the best source of light until the kerosene lamp idea superior, proven was in turn which was supplanted the heir; heir to hence passes from f-\ which electrical the veof Edison. magic Horsedrawn is by into or status lot, condition one which

born. The heritage of different people will vary as hicles were most excellent until wizards, working

widely as people themselves vary, and the valued herwonders with steam and gasoline, weakened our trust itage of some be regarded as valueless by others. in horsepower.

inventions revolutionized which The great have so life's Estates, are considered to be money, titles—these are based law, on natural and only are greatest as they some, and, threatened by civilization gifts by

obedience through to the controls each law which of conditionschanging markets and shifting money is can it be use things of these made effective. Our their which preservation an obsession, becomespower,

dependent to obedience our governing laws upon or of happiness kindness. account takes no human

a a a in button, shifting switch, plugging as disappear the wealthHouses burn down, may dew pushinggear, a crank. turning life, In every situation of we titles If these the sun, before meaningless! become

things constitute one's heritage, its preservation is are confronted with law. Along this line Dr. Frank

largely a matter of fortune's favor, and not the result Crane has written:

of seeds of faith and determination planted and culti- / am Law.

vated by each succeeding generation. I am nature's way; I am God's way.

To some in America, their heritage is a land in By me comes order, unity. In my hand I hold three gifts:

happiness success. and not follow Those do me who of conscience is a right; to others,which freedom the health,are devoured the disease, of failure. dogs misery by and The scientific to health which points knowledge the way ignorant fear face, they me, at they run tremble from my my

and wealth; many, who perhaps have lived in anvoice; but the wise love me and seek me forever. * * * Fools

other land under rigid military discipline, regard the think to outwit me, and that no son of man has ever done. I

I am stronger than the strongpolitical privileges of our republic, the principles of amest. moreI amcleveras oldthanas theGod.cleverest.

democracy, as paramount; artlovers may consider the I never sleep; I never err. I am virile as youth; I am accurexpanded opportunities for knowing and understandrate as mathematics; I am beautiful as poetry; I am sweet as

ing masterpieces of music, literature and painting the music.

blessing they wish to preserve. Discovery and invenno Withoutcharm ofmelandscapethere couldor picture,be no art,no government,no harmony noof life.sound,I

tion have made such amazing progress that to the am the secret of goodness. I am the horror of sin.

literalmind-made methods of communication, trans- I am the eternal path, and beside me there is none else. Within the me wander labyrinth men death. of Heaven is whereportation,

* * * I Hell lighting, heating, etc., have come as outI am. not. is where amboons unsurpassed. I every everywhere—in am wrinkle of the infinite waves,

To the Latterday Saints all these things are an water, in the oak, in the brain, in nourishment, in disease, ofin important part of the business of living in this world soundness, in the lover's clasp, in the corpse, in the stars, in the

I whirl, age, the greater to distinctlyand subordinate but one storm.matically. For I Iamdance,more I intricateflame, I thatfreeze,calculus,but alwaysmore accuratematheis incorheritage haswhich come to us. Our down than any instrument.

ruptible, unchangeable; one which the elements of They that live by me find peace. They that kiss me find love.

nature cannot destroy, save it be the unworthy eleThey that walk with me come at last to God.

of natures,ments our have not above which we own Preservation all of that has to us come depends isrisen. is It preserve, to obligaours ours the and upon our willingnes to obey the law; and "he who it.tion to preserve keeps the of laws hath need God no to break the laws

it is as to give to heritage the Simple highword of the land."is that he Man might have joy, and

sounding synonyms and illustrate their meaning with a part of our heritage lies in finding the joy for which broad and magnificent generalities, the matter of man was created, for truly "he who obeys the law, actually taking hold of the thought firmly enough to happy is he."

clothe it with sufficient meaning to cover its many The Gospel of Jesus Christ is the foundation upon phases, is difficult. What, exactly, is the gift which which our courageous and grateful forefathers built.

has been generations handed through of memdown It was given to them, prophet, through a boy by Godbers gifts there separate of the Church? Many are himself, the supreme Authority, whose is law. word

a sacred record of a decadent people; new light shed Our parents hearing, believed, and their belief is our

old restored problems;upon the authority; realization heritage for which we should fight

of life's purposes. meaning and of Which these is birthright—theto the death.

the heritage we so ardently desire to preserve. Not The centennial year of the Church of Jesus Christany of them alone, but the soul of them all—the abilof Latterday Saints is upon us; the anniversary

ity to believe implicitly the teachings of which our month close at hand; and the youth of this great

parents and theirs were so sure. Church, in sincere appreciation of their birthright and

There is no reason for giving up a belief except the with humble realization of the obligation to pass on substitution of a better one, and the proof that a new to future generations the glorious gift which has come one is better should be presented by an unquestionable out of the past, stand for the preservation of their authority in his line. We believed that candles were heritage!

THE IMPROVEMENT3 ERA

His Father's House <By LEWIS J. WALLACE

at Warfield neighbor stood the come. Maity, that I She insisted a young remain me.FRED in school. envelope a note girl, slipped in the nothing And then small, plainof the window

fill a mission. with Mother's letter when she ly furnished room looking would do but that I

out into the rain. It was a dis- I wanted to work and help her a posted it for her, telling me as

mal day. Just another of the while first; try to make her commuch as she could. Mother has

herself practically starving if I could. to She wouldn't been folfortable ones dreary that hadmany

so Dr. Williams send here I am."me jinoney, listen. And endlessly durone anotherlowed

ing the past month. There had "But your mission is almost told Maity. She's too proud to

been but once in all those four finished, Fred,"interrupted Robaccept help. The bishop offered,

weeks when the sun had manert. but knew better than to insist.

aged an appearance; and then, as "Six months more,"replied Mother's queer that way."As

if ashamed to linger, and after but Fred, in a tone indicating that six he talked he began dressing to go a moment's reflection, it disapmonths was an eternity to him. out.

peared. "Six months more. It might as "You're not leaving this minHe turned to his companion, well be six years. When things ute?"queried Bert, amazedly.

to smash there waiting "Where are you going in this is no chair. go sat in a nearby readingwho

six months. I simply go rain? must pretty I've "Bert, thinking been

hard lately, and I'm about at the home, Bert. "I won't be gone long. I want

district at president to see the once rope. of Everythingend my

tell leaving. will I'm and him He gone withseems to have wrong me anything hapriAS get in to touch mission with wanthere; matter. for everywhere, that pened to your inquired mother?"I headquarters. can't 'phone And that that so I mindNot much Robert anxiously.

when I came away on my mission "Not exactly. But she has been him."I expected it. But—"he paused. ill for some time and hasn't told

R.OBERT jumped to

R.,OBERT was the hiswalkfeet.to Pikesville"You'reinnotthis goingstorm?"to

younger of the two. He had had he cried.

lessfar Fred, experience but than said Fred, calmly, not?""Why wisehe been to have was enough started for the door. as he It was

aware that a heavy burden had evident he was not to be dissuadbeen weighing heavily on his ed. Robert motioned for him to

friend for days. "I have felt that wait while he, too, dressed. His

you were quite upset over someonly comment was, "You're out thing, old man,"said Robert, "but of your head."

didn't say anything because I knew you would tell me about it if you They found the district presiwanted me to know. I have wishdent in. "You realize, Brother

ed I could help you, though. Warfield,"he said sympatheticalWhat's the trouble?"ly, when he had been apprised of

"It's about Mother, mostly. Fred's plans, "what a serious step

You remember that letter I got this is?"

from home this morning?""Yes,"was the quiet reply, "I

''Yes."realize only too well."

"Well, it was from Mother. 'Your mother hasn't sent for

She's been having an awfully hard you, has she?"continued his sutime, I guess. You know Father perior.

died several years ago, and Mother "No. That is just the trouble.

and I have been trying since then She wouldn't. Maity told me the

to live decently on her small indoctor expected to have her taken

312 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

to the hospital the day after she ly in his face. When he gave recwrote. She needs me now and I'll Awakening ognition of defeat by ceasing to

have to go."He looked into the struggle Fred sprang to his feet,

faces of his two friends for apBy Alberta Huish Christens'on assumed a dramatic pose in the proval. Tears welled up in his haughtily of the floor and your voice, sweet, happycenter HEAR forced eyes but were back. varlet. Bestir "Up, commanded, hearted spring; I

The air is all atremhle with the thy lazy bones and show signs of song suitto provide haste Make president 1 HE district like sunrise That bursts thyself for and master. from your life.able attire flutes feathered voiced,was soft possessed an

to foot, at once."abundance of mature wisdom, and I hear you sing who have been We must

maintained a dignified, well balmute so long. "Aw, go jump in the lake,"

anced reserve, although himself I hear the song your colortrump- said Bert goodnaturedly. "I supanother are planning pose you ets fling little older than the youthful two

the pool, Beside glad a joyous, fifteen mile waddleand-squash missionaries before him. Genurefrain this morning."tour ine respect affection and for hill grasses newborn him And on the replied enthuFred "Exactly,"heard have existed wherever he was known.

act of dressin the now The song you sing in monotones siastically, think you"Do your mother would of rain. don't hurry we if you ing. "And want to leave you your he work?"

inquired thoughtfully. Fred swalBut lo, tonight your voice, a perwon't get there in time."

lowed hard. fumed breath, "What?"cried Robert increduStirs the sear leaves upon my lously. where?""Get is the "That one thing that heart's spring; dead to the D. P.,""Back we go would hesitate. leaves make I doubt. no It And me hear and

would break her heart if I didn't understand said Fred.

of you're out I know complete work. But,"my

he the idea?"What's he At lastyouthesing.meaning of the song your"Nowhead. he added when saw the hopeful

glow in his friends'eyes as he inquired dubiously, at the same at his happiness time showing this lest admission, made perthey spoke. his up, He stood eyes exuberance. Fred's suade to remain, him "she won't squarely meeting those his of disquestions. asking "Never mind so mind if awfully she much trict president. tell "Will wire I'll We'll you the way. on you doesn't I'm coming. know When mission headquarters tonight?"talk then."to time of plenty have into the I walk hospital tell and

her why I came she will be so glad Fred had completed his toilet and dilaeyed his companion's now are together we again Fred that and she may WHEN tory movements with mock impato their that soon forget room the other. I've just Robert returned

got to help her now. She has sacevening they were exhausted. tience, although obviously anxrificed everything for me for years. Their conversation on the return ious to be on his way. "If you

I haven't appreciated her half hike, when they had spoken, was don't snap out of it,"he remarkenough."monosyllabic. Neither seemed in ed dryly, "we'll never get there."

the mood for talking now. Preat last they MlGHT she not feel occupied,little moretheythanretiredan appreciativeearly with WHEN

that a good bit of her sacrifice has "goodnight."For hours the rain had sallied forth into the storm

been wasted if you return now, poured down, beating its monotoFred began relating the occurrence particularly when you say her nous rhythm on the roof overhead. which had prompted his sudden

trip of heart change and the return heart morning is so set on your filling a full When came there was no president. to the district Hesitant mission?"intermission. sign of

"Perhaps she will,"said Fred Fred was the first to awaken. at first, as though finding it diffithoughtfully. Then, after several Despite the stillcontinuing deluge cult to know where to begin, he

minutes of meditation, he went on, and the depressing atmosphere his soon plunged headlong into his "I can make that up to her, face was radiantly cheerful, all story to comply with the persistent demands of his comrade. though, someway. Besides—"he vestige of worry and trouble seempaused, as if ashamed to speak his ingly erased by the night's rest. Robert was all but bursting with

thought, "she will be unable to In high spirits he bounded across mixed curiosity and thankfulness.

send me any money at all, now the room, landing on Bert's bed He had been fearfully perturbed she is ill. She will need every cent in a single jump. Bert had been over Fred's decision of the previshe has. And I couldn't take it, aroused at the first sound of Fred's ous day to resign his mission. Now

knowing she needs it so."stirring and with grinning face he was happily amazed, and, as

"Aw, forget that, old man,"prepared for the rush. The fight he told Fred, "all ears."

said Robert. "We can get along was on. Bert didn't have time to "Last night,"began Fred, "I

on mine. You're welcome to anyask the question that was upperhad a most unusual dream. How

thing I have. You know that. most in his mind; he was glad of long it lasted I do not know. It

Our expenses won't be heavy this the change that had come over seemed an age. And now that I

summer. We'll have more than Fred, and was content to say nothrecollect, it is difficult to believe

enough for both of us with what ing. In fact, he could not have the night was long enough. I'll

Dad sends me."said anything had he wanted to. try to tell it briefly.

"No,"replied Fred, with finalIn short order Fred had him pin- "The time was long ago; the

ity, "I've got to go."Fred was ned to the floor, shoulders down, place indefinite; the setting an anlooking down at the floor as he with a pillow pressed smotheringcient kingdom or empire. A magThe Improvement Era for March, 1930 313

nificent metropolis was the first alty and faith of the people. Our reject my entreaties on the ground

scene. The people were dressed subjects are being persuaded that that I am biased? Will not our

in a garb with which I am not fa- I am a tyrant King, that I am a enemies fall upon my back with miliar. As I looked closer, I realusurper, that I am selfishly overdrawn blades, glad of the opporized that they were excited about taxing the country, that I am weak tunity to dispose of another possomething. The whole place was and lack the ability to protect sible leader, if I may be so preagog with news that a messenger them. Secret agents are among the sumptuous as to include myself

had arrived from the eastern border people encouraging them to rise up among your valiant sons?'He

in great haste to reach the palace and bear arms for their leader, said this last with a note of bitterand see the King. He was injured who is truly a vicious dictator, unness, well knowing that his name

and exhausted, his horse terribly der the promise of rich spoils, vast had not yet struck fear to the heart spent. gifts of land to be taken from the of an enemy. The King gave no

conquered nations, and other vain heed to the sadness he saw in his 'Promptly the and misleading inducements. son's face. He had expected as

messenger had been admitted to "'Some one must go there and much, and secretly gloried in the the private chambers of the King protect these good people from assurance that this last of his and his trust discharged. This this danger, warn them against the worthy sons was equally as splendone, he collapsed. Within the evil designs of the enemy and point did as the others, equally as fearhour he was dead. The King first out the true facts relative to the less and brave.

directed that a state burial be arstatus of our Kingdom. Someone

ranged for his trusted servant, and in whom I can repose absolute son,'said thethen began issuing orders to his confidence must take this message. My

attendants who hurried off on And that someone is you, my King, 'that soldier is ofttimes the their several appointments. Othson.'greatest who has the courage to

ers were called. They came, conlay aside his own ambitions in the

sulted, left. And still others. The 1 HE prince, crestinterest of the cause he has

King was obviously alarmed by fallen, looked utterly ill. All his espoused, to forego the plaudits of

the report. lifelong ambitions to be a soldier, the multitude for the simplest

"Word went out to summon to lead an army, to bear the scars praise of his superior; who has the

the prince. He came, the youngof war with his elder brothers, courage to assume the role of a

est of the royal children. Handrealized but a moment ago in his weakling or a traitor, if need be,

some, cleareyed, strong; he safather's suggestion of an assignthereby incurring the contempt

luted his father respectfully. 'My ment on the eastern border, were and hatred of friends and loved

son,'said the King, after embracshattered. He felt like a deflated ones, to serve his King. Any man

ing him, 'we are beset by our eneballoon must feel as it falls, puncof good blood can face death and mies. The Drovince to the east"* tured, from the heights. His head the enemy on the battle field.

being overrun by foreign emisswam for a moment in a spell of There lies honor. But few can

saries seeking to incite the people dizziness, the reaction from the face life and their acquaintances, to revolution. You are young I animation and enthusiasm so sudbranded a coward, no matter how

know, but your brothers are all denly kindled and then so promptimportant their commission. There

dishonor. apparentbusily other defending engaged at lies soldier quenched. ly True "time the enemy 'At the presentfrontiers. to remain here I must hastened to conheart, however, he

direct our armies on all sides and trol his feelings and expressions within is more to be feared than conduct the defense of the central lest the King see his disappointthe legions without. Revolution

province. I can not leave. May ment. is beginning within our own

dealt be an efhouse. It mustI call on you?'sir, can I perform "'But how,

be blow. must blow That ''Sir, a mesfective If I take you are aware of the imthis task? such

patience with which I have until sage to our people will they not struck as quietly and ingeniously now remained home,'responded as is being planned the knife the prince. 'My pleadings to be thrust at the heart of this Kingallowed to take up arms with my 1 HE author of "His Father's dom.'

brothers have heretofore fallen on House"is a young man who has "The prince began to gather

Era. in the appeared father's not heretofore probthe his of importdeaf ears. For months my sword

in born was J.Wallace solution more Oglem, was but the in Lewis prepared have been armorand early his received den, Utah, and

sir, to nebulous him. 'How, than this hour. I cananticipation of attending there. After schooling

leave at once, my father.'The one of our local colleges, he went do you propose effecting a counterto the Washington George East this treachery? can plot to WhatKing was moved by this pretty

after graduating University, and I against such hidden workdospeech. in its worked school?'law from ings Mondell's Congressman Frank W.

OAID he, 'Be not dislaw office. About a year ago he "The King now knew he had

accepted exan was offered and I support. his son'sappointed with the commission He and won

the cellent of with position one for closeted alone set for you. were princehave It is one of the the large of companies insurance

more importance than bearing country and is now living in Harthours, the one outlining his plans arms. My lieutenants in the east ford, Conn., where he is president in the utmost of careful detail, the

the of Church, the branch of listening, able enare well absorbed, the and other to fight outward wife, Wallace, Widtsoe Anna battles, grossed, they but cope can not fired with with his a new deteris in the Relief the presidency of the sedition and espionage that Society. mination to serve his father and

threaten to undermine the loyKing unquestioningly.

314 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

he went to far distant places to "One day when all seemed en- 1 O cut short my acplead his cause, his wife had to be tirely lost, when his strength was count of this dream,"continued left unprotected. Twice their cotgone and his courage exhausted,

Fred, "the prince left secretly that tage was set ablaze by incendiaries. he returned from a trip abroad to

night. No weapons, armor or othOn no less than five occasions was find his home surrounded by a

er military paraphernalia were his. the princess attacked in the streets large crowd of neighbors, friends

With him he took a small purse of by unknown assailants and as and strangers. Alarmed, he quickmoney and the princess Helen, his many times rescued by equally unened his pace to learn what new

bride of but a few hours. To known protectors. These latter, trouble brewed. At his approach

meet the urgent call to duty their the prince knew to be his father's a mighty cheer went up. Dumbnuptials /had,been advanced on trusted soldiers in disguise, for he founded, he heard his name called

their bethrothal calendar and at and his bride had been promised out and heard the people cry, 'the the same time transferred from the the protection of the Kingdom at Prince, the Prince! AH hail!'

public to the private pages of their the time of leaving the palace. NatPicked up bodily by loving arms,

country's history. urally this protection had to come he was borne to the door of the

"It was not many days before from an unorganized and uncottage where stood the princess they arrived in the border counknown source. It did not, howHelen smiling a greeting. Beside

try and, following out the King's ever, benefit them in their economic her he saw his eldest brother, the orders, engaged humble quarters or other difficulties. Employers crown prince. Nearby waited a

among the subjects. Their clothhesitated to hire him or keep him royal carriage and a retinue of

ing was plain, their habits simple. long about their premises when soldiers and servants to escort them

The prince sought employment they learned of the storm that hovto the King.

hisand with bride ered him. above Consequently settled down he "Overjoyed, embraced them

lifeto the folk. of good country at poorly they fared their table both, to fatigue, due and then, wereThey here often unknown than not. enmore and suffering at hunger and long sank

tirely upon resources. the sphere the prince's of "As their own feet. their the hear did not He

imperative influenceIt was increased that so suspihe was no comsay, to prince stooped as he crown cion attached be to pelled travel his to so more, them. did They lift faithful up: brothhim 'My

not,could therefore, suffer, so the did risk income the run dangers er, here enhas your good workof having sent princess to money himself the multiand to them by abled to us spies expose the andthe King. ply. the occasions many On traitors in the our midst turn and

prince was sorely tempted to give tide of revolution to a surging trying to no up in despair. was He now 1 HE prince, of patriotism. armies wave The

citizenpreach loyalty to the least of the governmentmore than the their been have successful in camry, worked tirelessly at tasks with and faith in the King, and yet was paigns and are now recalled. Anxwhich he was not familiar in order so distracted in body and mind iously awaiting your return are

to make a living, keeping his eyes and so fearful for the safety of the King and our good brothers.

little. open and sayingand ears is disclosed that your work

inrewarded by an he wasSoon hearts the in foremost hiscomfort—inlovely wife,fact,forforherherhealthvery susand Nowyou stand

"vitation to attend a secret meeting. tenance—that he doubted the sufof the people.'

As he expected, he heard foreign ficiency of his father's promise to agitators rail and blaspheme his protect her; he doubted the wisfather and his country, storm at dom that had sent him on this asJrRED ended his story;

what they called tyranny and plead signment; questioned the end to his emotion was manifest in his

for revolution. His mission was be accomplished. To keep from voice. Robert said nothing. They

now taking shape. The next day fleeing to her side he was compelled walked on in silence. During the

he talked quietly to a few of his to assume a stoical confidence and narration they had unconsciously newfound friends, doubting a litan arbitrary, unreasoning belief increased their pace until they now tle some of the statements made at that no harm would befall her. arrived at the quarters of the disthe meeting and expressing pertrict president almost on the run.

sonal confidence in the present govillS only comfort in Without intending to be rude or ernment. Other meetings were atthese trying times was the recoldiscourteous they rushed up the

tended. More and more he queslection that he was a prince, that steps and into his room. "Have

tioned. his father was the noblest of noble you wired the mission president?"

"Soon he was engaged constantKings; the conviction that his "Yes,"was the reply.

ly in every hour spared from his whole existence would not be spent "Will you wire him again, work in exhorting the people to amid such hopeless circumstances, please?"asked Fred.

loyalty. He was frequently takthat while poverty, hunger and "Why, yes,"said the district

ing fiery issue with the foreign danger stalked his footsteps and president, "what shall I say?"

agents at their meetings. He was those of the princess now, a bright- "Say that Fred Warfield is realways just a plain subject. er future lay ahead, a heritage of maining here to finish his mission;

royalty awaited their return. that there has been a misunderilE met with grow- "On he worked, pleaded, exstanding; that a letter of explanaing success in rallying noblemind- horted, persuaded; at the same tion will follow."Then, as an

ed subjects to his views, but not time secretly gathering informaafterthought, he added, "And without difficulty and danger. tion with respect to the activities please ask him to say nothing

Time and again attempts were of the enemy and as secretly sendabout the first wire to anyone.

made on his life. Frequently when ing it to his father. Mother might hear of it."

Is Nature Kind to Man?

<By DR. JOSEPH F. MERRILL

Church Commissioner of Education

lives in a world in tainly is not excessive. These are continue indefinitely. When water

deMANwhich he is beset on evfacts familiar to everyone. But cools to 39 degrees—seven

freezing the grees above to in these changes in point—it state—liquid natural ery with hand If density. its greatest trereached has solid, liquid to or vapor—lie beassert.enemies, you some Do degrees, lower, or 39 below cooled effects that "tempering"to mendous islieve that unkind Nature a vesin if it water expands. So attention. escape ordinarily our

is life a chalcase, In anyman? top, at the is sel cooled sufficiently

successfully haslenge that man enthe cease will circulation falls suffkientwhen temperature the TF still his lives powermet, and for he a temperareached tire ice. has Certainly, volume water becomes natural world in the dominionand cooling If degrees. ture it? of 39 Well, ly, say, of but what you fact this apace.are increasing In place, takes expansion continues, of if a block to melt you want lies compliments basis high the of staywater coldest the in resulting heat. lots of to apply have you capacity. intelligence his Heto and

it finally the where at is top ing lost in nothing Nature Nowice enemies. his spite in ofhas grown

is lighter than ice freezes. lost. is But ever heat certainly no When with provided has Nature himBut floats. Furthermore, so water and as freezes a of water much pound see. us friends? Letno

ice slows up not resulting only the it is takes to melt as heat given out age. live a in marvelous We heat, off but giving freezing the results. ice by that So the of pound scientific discoveries haveMany of escape the also preventing is sense a in by the freezing water of greatest is the made.been What of the coming heat and outward given process. heat a heating The never If all have time? of youone fact the to due inward,""cold freezing water slows the out by question this you tried to to reply

is. of ice conductor poor "a that tends process freezing and the up simplicity at the surprised will be

of the answer, for it is only this: to prevent a further fall in temheat."

all Natural law is universally superature, a fact that is utilized in Now think through what preme. If you examine widely keeping fruit and vegetables in a this means in the economy of Naof ture. When cooled most liquids and study deeply you will be procellar from freezing. A tub

foundly impressed with the orderwater is placed in the cellar. So continue to contract and on solidliness that prevails everywhere in much heat is given off by the freezification the solids sink, for they

Nature. Whether you study with ing water that the temperature are denser and therefore heavier

a microscope in the realms of the does not fall to a point dangerous than their liquids. If water and

infinitesimal or with the unaided to the vegetables. ice behaved thus, ponds, rivers,

eye in the world about you or And another thing. The "lalakes and seas would freeze solid with a giant telescope that reaches tent heat of ice"—the amount of during winter in our northern and

out to incomprehensible distances heat required to melt a unit mass far southern zones, killing all great, much greater aquatic life, and making navigayou find not chaos but orderliness of it—is very

everywhere, a fact of tremendous than the latent heat of other soltion in these regions impossible.

importance to man's welfare. His ids. Herein lies a "tempering"For no summer's sun could ever

control of Nature and his utilizacapacity that is marvelous. The thaw out these bodies of water

tion of her forces rest upon this freezing of ponds, rivers and lakes due to the high "latent heat"of basis. gives out tremendous quantities of ice and the poor heat conducting

heat that are very effective in preproperty of both ice and water.

'T'O be sure man has natural eneventing bitter cold weather. Com-

* a let us hunt little pare, for instance, the winter it is floats. mies—but means This temTCE is espefor Nature in which ways peratures Dakota with of North water, * lighter Hence than water.

cially kind to him. We shall not those of Michigan in the same laticontrary to the behavior of many

be disappointed in our search. But tude. Michigan is surrounded on liquids, expands on freezing. And

space will permit of a reference to three sides by lakes and large rivall too many cracked vessels give a very few only. ers. Her winter temperatures are mute evidence of the enormous

Are not the elements tempered mild compared with those of expansive force of freezing water.

for his good? Sunshine and rain, North Dakota. This fact is also of tremendous

night, and summer and day are Soils importance. economic

little let a in further us his all T3 welgo are necessary to winter, UT rocks. of the crumbling from made

specific. peculiar bethe of let our study be us more But split are crumbled rocks and And the water. of havior begin little reveal will water of study We fare.A in the freezing water of the by livat ordinary water liquid has with study point. case in a This cracks. pores and

say. degrees, all temperature, ing of properties, 70 remarkable some

which are serviceable to man. It We begin to cool it at the surface. Let us look for a moment into

as exists a solid—ice,

a vapor. and as A moderateas a liquid,fall Thewater temperaturesinks, for itfalls,contractsthe coldand againwater wein thesee theformkindlinessof vapor.of HereNain temperature makes water freeze; gets denser. The warmer water beture. In springtime a farmer does

and it boils, passing off as steam, low is forced up, for it is lighter. A not expect a frost on a cloudy

with a rise in temperature that cercirculation ensues, but does not night. Clouds are masses of mi-

316 The Improvement Era for March 1930

nute particles of water and water heat that the process is relatively vapor floating in the air. Clouds slow, eliminating quick runoffs are good absorbers of heat—"they and floods. It is extremely fortuseem to devour it."During sunnate for us that the "latent heat"

shine the earth, too, absorbs heat of ice is so high, but no more and warms up. But at night this fortunate than that the "latent

is radiated out inheat"of water vapor is also high heat is lost—it

greater than that for most to space. But if there are clouds—much

above and water vapor in the air other vapors. That is to say, to

but little heat passes through into convert water into vapor requires outer space to be lost. The ab- a large amount of heat. But when

sorbed heat Warms up the clouds the vapor (or steam) goes back all this water, a freezing and the air, preventing condenses—into efBatik Work again. temperature. is given out over heat The Thus clouds

the surface of the land, like ice fectiveness of steam in a heating By GLENN J. BEELEY

over a pond of water, act like system or in a steamengine is very a loss blankets in preventing of largely "Batik"word to means reaheat. Manifestly, for more originally and comes So evaporation—formationdue to this. of THEdesign sons than one, we could not live vapor or steam—is a cooling profrom Java. The process of Batik

on the earth if its skies were cloudcess and condensation is a heating is called resist dyeing. The methless. process, just as freezing is. And od used is to paint the design upon

if large quantities of vapor or ice the fabric by hand with melted piNALLY, glance a little more are involved, these processes are wax. The material which has to

in review at the climatic tempervery effective in their climatic tembe decorated is covered where the forms—solid,ing effects of liquid,water inanditsvapor.three peringbeneficiary.results. And man is the originalcompositioncolormadehas towithremainequalwithpartsa

Freezing water is a sort of furnace This study cannot here be furof paraffin wax and beeswax.which

that gives out heat, slowing up ther pursued, but it has only been is absorbed by the material so that the freezing and a fall in temperaintroduced. To the thoughtful it clings to the fibres of the textile,

ture to bitter depths. The meltreader pursuing it further will apto prevent the color from penetrating of snow and ice in the spring pear abundant evidence that Naing the covered parts when placed

requires such enormous amounts of ture is good to man. in the dye tub. When this wax is

removed by ironing between paper or dipping in gasoline, it is found that the material has kept its origTke Beauty of Bravery inal color while the uncovered parts have taken on the shade of the dye.

By PRES. EMERITUS GEORGE H. BRIMHALL

of getting Of the Btigham Young University method A NOTHER L * the use of designs is by twine

T INDBERGH'S wife's mother of character courage shown by and knotted cloth. The Indians,

-recently said: "Bravery is highaim conduct. Chinese and Japanese tied pebbles

beautiful!"As I read the remark I The three word message: into cloth and wound heavy thread

thought: "If as mother, so daugh- "Bravery is beautiful"called for below each pebble. These were

ter, then the 'Lone Eagle'is wellreflection and reflection called for dyed, and after being thoroughly mated."desire and desire called for resoludried the twine untwisted. This

Yes, bravery is beauty, character tion. method is often used when several

beauty, enduring beauty, a beauty From the boundless field of colors are required, but it is a tewithin the reach of all, a beauty braverybeauty I present seven dious process, as the material has that grows from within, a beauty samples to be tied for the first dip and then to be brought out, a beauty that 1. A believer in the midst of retied for the second color after

cannot be put on. doubters. the first is dry.

the absent It is the ugliness of cowardice 2. A defender of

gossipers gather. where modern of method A MOREthat despised, it universally makes with oppor1V hard worker to put Batik workis the de- 3. A that the beauty of braveryand

makes it so admired. tunities for ease. sign on the fabric to be decorated

4. in her a babe with mother the use of by the of some standard A

is is beautiful that bravery The arms. fabric paints the market. on The the thenot brute bravery of with 5. saying person "no"young is designed part covered then A with the of appetite urge butnothing or temptation. to a composition of half hot wax,

it,the of passion but behind push 6. folscientist persistently paraffin half beeswax. and A The atthe that a of bravery humanity trail truth. the of lowing is in dipped whole dye. some now

its andonce makes upward way 7. religionist keeping pro- a cracks background and few A The

lifts below. from gressively in rapport God. with the running parts designed through

No one may hope for the physDesiring to be of such as these I will thus be dyed by this last dipical perfection of an Apollo, or a wrote in my New Year Book of ping. This method is very simVenus, but every one may acquire Self Commandments, Be Bravely ple, but the results are very gratithe beauty of bravery, the charm Beautiful, fying.

Jesus as a Personage in History

By ELDER J. M. SJODAHL

'called the Baptist as Jews one upon who is witness. a better question the is JOSEPHUS etc.,'SOMETIMES described virtue, he to exercise and that supposed Some have is anythere 'a asked whether as works'of wonderful doer what Jesus

is little interpoJesus says he of believer a firm himself (for Josephus was outside evidence, historical. that Jesus could of miracles) in that say lated Christians, early He but by Testament, thethe of books New also after 'he and Jews him many drew is acceptgenerally longer view no

life of activity contained therelating to the and church because Greeks,'scientific criticism. Joed Dr. by writing, the C. at 93 of time Greeks many ques- a this earth.Jesus Such on in scholar, Klausner, seph a Jewish of the historians habit E., ancient had and superfluous, buttion seem might times. earlier later conditions judging from his history Nazareth,""Jesus of of

is consider fact that some,the who 'they It that also Josephus wrote was who this says question: on

first scientifically cease competent, to did at the notthemselves loved him who sufficient are for "There not grounds

Pilate after had him condemned so even do reality of actually the deniedhave to the spurious. Josupposing be whole

printhe of suggestion at the crucifixion to treats life sephus the of death and Palestine, John of life in ofthe our Lord 'race'the that us,'cipal and among men at he fair length, the Baptist what and biographies the asserted thatand from Christians, so named tribe) of (or 'all the correspond does at says with not this day.'extinct are to are evangelists myths. not him,of the is reason, there gospel account, and no

copyists therefore, to suspect Christian of this examination a close In does as well, interpolating this section as quotation from Josephus is it is to important rememquestion 'the Shurer, to Graetz. even According of rF* HEas follows: at of Judah, the is thatber kingdom rarely this passage of genuineness only

the time of the Savior, was of open to suspicion. It is remarkable that "Now there was about this time, Jesus,

tries to hardest conceal his from Josephus it call [if to a lawful be him a wise man the political in importanceminor his readers the that preached coming John a doer of wonderful he man.] was For Riots world. of thegeography reasons Messiah of the (for which we a as receive teacher have works, such of men

and executions were numerous, and mentioned): in order to make the episode the truth with pleasure. He drew over to

the appearance on the scene of the comprehensible to Greek readers he deshim both many of the Jews and many of 'a cribes as Baptist the John; good man the the Gentiles. Messiah] and [He was village a carpenter of a fromson

virexercise to the Jews commanded in who at Pilate, the of the prinsuggestion when fate, tragic his Galilee, offfar and tue, righteousness towards as to both us, one cipal condemned him had among men did not attract general attention at another, and piety towards God, and so to the cross, those that loved him at the first. Judea was so insignificant come to baptism.'Even the three Jewish first ceased not, [for he appeared to them

Pharisees parties, the and Sadducees, the the divine as day, third the alive again after the Babylonianimmediately Essenes, in terms explains the Josephus these ten thouforetold and of prophets had historiansdispersion that Greek all a of schools, philosophic view with things concerning other wonderful sand hardly ever heard of it. The Macmaking himself understood by his Gentile him]; and the race of Christians, so

cabees tried to restore it to its readers. named from him, are not extinct even

former importance, but what they Jesus:"Andhe hedescribeddid preciselyhim asthe'a samewise man'with now."

had gained was almost entirely lost just as he described John the Baptist as 'a brackets areduring the Roman iron rule. We good man;'he described Jesus as 'a teacher HTHE words within

to with be inuniversally the truth receive as admitted such men refof historical expectcannot many as just pleasure,'he described John the terpolations, the other words but Jesuserences to from this in works time, except those penned by his are now ascribed to Josephus, and own followers. form a powerful testimony for the

historical character of Jesus, our

Lord.

HP HERE are, however, some. In another connection, Josephus

-* Thus, in the Talmud, there tells how Annas, the son of Annas, are more or less mythical stories the high priest, brought before the concerning Ben Stada, Ben PanSanhedrin one by the name of dera, Pappus Ben Jehuda, Miriam James, "the brother of Jesus who

M'Gadd'la, Neshaya, and Yeshu, was called the Messiah,"and othwhich are by some supposed to reers whom he regards as lawbreak- fer to Jesus of Nazareth and some ers. This, however, cost the high

of his contemporaries. The stories priest his office. According to Jomay be distorted, but even so, thev sephus, he was deposed by Agrippa

prove that there is an historical II, and another was appointed in basis. his stead.

There is also a book Toledoth 1 1 i

Yeshu (Biography of Jesus'! A MONG other witnesses for the

which possibly was circulated ** historical existence of Jesus is among the Jews as early as the fifth Suetonius, the Roman. He relates

century of our era, and which unthat the Jews were expelled from doubtedly contains some items Rome on account of a tumult confrom an earlier day, but the narcerning one "Chrestus."This is

rative is so distorted that it is supposed to have happened in the worthless for historical purposes. year 49 A. D.

Sensible Girl A <By WILLY WALKER JACKnot truthfullyEastman certainlybe called coulda ladayDashingat his usualback breakneckfrom lunchspeed,one sideized ofthattheit buildingwas DorothybeforeWinsomehe realat the arrived crowded most he had had the good forwhom Nevertheless, dies'man. womJack

city just in in the corner rescue. to time to tune topic of converchief hisen were

see back a whose young woman, proclaimedsation. Jack always

lose look, familiar strangely a had last, first, as being loudlyhimself the into balance plunge her and she girl; Fortunately, sensible the for alwaysand first the street. the Jack on was received injury, had personal no proclaim as did he just loudlyand all comers. scene, outdistancing He evidence the only of her mishap of type flapper for distaste thehis

retrieved the young quickly wombeing in a magnificent very a run the sideher across carried half silk pair of stockings. Presently he an, sensible the way girl wasgirl.A the her against walk, propped and the with right aid of Jack's strong afterdescribed Winsome Dorothy

he saw her for the first time come arm she was able to return to the out of the door of the office oppooffice.

site his and go swinging down the More Than Bread It was not until he had decorridor. He based his opinion on posited her at her own door that

spirit forests, haunted; helooked that she and saw down D.ARK lowbroad, that she worethe fact pasturing wanwide grasslands, feet her shapely a pair upon like shoes, didn't walkheeled and estates, supwore feudal herds; dering

a mincing doll. porting the serfs, rude huts, and of shoes with outrageously high

the lord's gorgeous castle; walled heels.

!"filthy, and flanked crowded, towns, the love "For he ejacuof—rich patches; half desolate farm "It's no came wonder you opportunities on lated, IT was really the easy bycities, showering

grace of her walk that attracted him whose back bends as well as near killing yourself. How on

his attention in the first place and on the master, surrounded by rich earth do you happen to be wearing to, contribute hinterlands which those the abominable shoes?"idea much nohe how had

city's profit prosperthe and bright, repeated "Abominable shoes?"her in glint wavygolden gift ity. of God Our from,world—the indignantly. Dorothy dark light her in soft thehair, life "Why, heirs; are the ages! the and We

eyes, and the peachiness of her abundant is our inheritance. those are the very loveliest shoes

creamy skin had to do with the This physical world we own in you could find anywhere in the fact that he was instantly more common with all men; our spiritcity.

special right. ual is ours world by nice, sensible "But your less opinion that she was the of lowor

sacrificing dissenters, Conscientious heels?"Jack wailed. a girl for him.the It was old for world comforts world new

Jack spent a good many of his toil, cultivated ideals of manhood test of his judgment and meant a waking hours after that in thinkas they tilled their rocky Massagood deal to him.

fields. chusetts Pioneers, imbued "Nice, sensible developed low heels?"ing about Dorothy. He

spirit with the of progress and for reiterated. faculty the Dorothya positively hor- "Ghastly uncanny spirit those transplanted of God,

timing his goings and comings so ideals to newer, unspoiled land. rors! Do you suppose I would

that they might coincide with hers. Our own fathers and mothers nurhave worn them for one minute if

I hadn't had to? I sprained myOne might have suspected him of frontiertured themlife throughand statehood'the stormss inof

lurking behind his own door, with fancy. Now, ours to defend them ankle four months ago and just

his eye glued to the keyhole, so in a civilization whose very comhad to wear those old things. The

often did he dart out and stroll plexity threatens their extinction. ankle is all right now, and I'm

down the corridor in her wake. If The objective world is beyond not ever in my whole life going

individual destruction. of power to of the suspicion put those old monstrosities on had anyDorothy

Civilization limit but not we may again her took inintense interest he spiritual efface. But our of what

movements, she gave no evidence heritage!'What of our ideals of

of it. She came and went with honesty, cleanliness, virtue? These

great serenity, looking, as far as we may destroy in a single lifejOME months later leaving chilfor nothing our held soft Dorothy's Eastman couldJack see, neither to the right time,dren. In the recklessness single of a slipped a very and hand in his the left.nor to is lose all hour that ours we may

by virtue of generations of faith. charming ring on the third finger

The unchanging standards which of her left hand.

JT'OR what seemed to have made us a distinctive people "Dorothy,"he said solemnly as

Jack a very long time, the only are too dear to lay upon the altar the ring settled into its proper of the gods of pagan pleasure and place, the situcrazy got out of about yousatisfaction he and "I'm worldliness; dear too inheritour

a if a girl ever all that, got Dorothy's but watchingation lay in it ance, sacrifice to by violation of graceful glidings down the hall. It the laws upon which it is based. guy under false pretense, it was

was a long while before Fate took Helen Hinckley, you."

a hand, but eventually she did Mt. Ogden Stake Gleaner Girt. "I don't care a bit,"she murcome to the rescue. mured, "just so I got you!"

Winds Recreation

is an of Springtime 7 HE coming as to By Lowry Nelson By Leone E. McCune experience so breathtaking

require expression of form some in a a willowy lane, wind ZLOVE that the winds whole blow words. than adequate day more mere clouds billowy WhenOH long, the lilting be There joy and must rain; sowing Are

sad, gay, sweet, now now nowNow beauty poetry; of of some and birds brooks and the When

strong! lovely of poets seem western songs again, come Have

I breath the love the that brings wind fragile to captured be too almost thing each And hyacinth applebloom; and Of words. by spring. with Throbs

buds fresh earth, dank, and swellingOf alt are this page on The poems fragrance their through waft That wind, the rain; my for glad I'm these—the are, there of and Spring. ones New room, lovely willows And

is eternal the old too, ones but so lane; line the Which

the spirit that songs season the ofI pass love that the whispering winds willows of Maker O yeprs of as are quite glad by gone hill, pinetree studded O'er yonder of men, Maker And as this those If of very March. you kiss the wheel sigh and and weepThat for making Thanks

is that have Spring doubt on any mill. the lonely echo through And again! new Them

its read, fragrant conbe way, and

I love the winds that sweep the skies,. vinced I

That whip the trees and tear the sod, lash wet with the windows,And rain, Laughing, Spring god. shrieking of an angry Like

Spring in Salt Lake Valley By Minnie Ioerson Hodapp

I love the winds with icy blast the blankets wrap snowy When airy charms, spring with earth, By Jessie Miller Robinson LAUGHING rooms, firelight in gleams cozyWhen arms, Fairy, flowerladen

And kettles hum upon the hearth. OAPPHIRE the Dead Sea as the skies; Tripping o'er the verdant mead

'the Over earth freshfurrowed brown, Let me follow where you lead.

I love the winds from salty seas flies; whiteseagull, winged The screaming

den, in ships demon's the churn That segolily wakes to birth beauteous blisses The sweet Breathing balmy shore, the high the waves hurl onThat vales girdled blossoms deep; with blest retreat; quiet, The In each

fears at of men. jeer and mock And hillsides are the verdure Mantled gleeful, with wild Artless, winsome,

I love the winds at morning's dawn, steep. Like a merryhearted child.

fluttering zephyrs dainty When thrall Iceking's rivuthe glen pass From mountain and and briar Every bush nectar sweet, flow'r-cups sip the To let glee again, with your Vocal the grass. its on dewdrops strew And Is freed; in the grassy and the dells appear wing, bluebird on Lark and

violet, sweet golden rapturing! and anemone The Hark! Yon balmy

that day long, the whole winds blowOh whisperoak budding willow With and sweet, sad, now now gay, nowNow near, ing Violettwined your wavy hair strong While meadow lark and robin sing Robes of shining green you wearThe glorious coming of the spring. Tripping o'er the verdant mead

Let me follow where you lead!

Spring's Coming To the Wind March

By Harold Goff By Hope Spencer By Ivy Williams Stone

scentthe music of mounfrom /\ STRAIN SCURRYING snowflakes—winds spring, spirit the of thou Owind, rain; ed with crest tain oJL gladness. of instrument Thou raindrops then sunshine, gold Rifts of bird a soft and wind's whisper The never Art of song? thy weary

again. a-wing; taste of sadness? never Dost waterfall; swift Homeseeking robins—a the of bubbles the brook east west Among in the and of promise glowA call. sad seagull's tulips, the Pale, groping singest merrily. ever Thou the newto smiles a part, welcome Earth its plays is each own symbol, a Each glade trees of every the Amid Spring. in born man's a sing But all chorus—Spring fliest warily. steps't ne'er and Thou

heart heaven across that high clouds sweep The

By thee are onward driven;

The perfume of a thousand flowers are given. Alone by thee Spring

evil in bringest thy path, no Where Angels Smile Thou gladness; and mirth only But M. Robinson By Jessie

river thou the bank Along breath'st—Goff Harold By

sadness. a their garden forget is reeds The now UTAH live thee doth that sage with and budding trees, tender sunshine The Of age, goes Winter, on with bent GRAY violets hour. every golden fragrant, Colors With his way;

I heart a scatter with anemones. might O, pink And tripping like a Spring comes happy And power. thy onehalf thee, Like

child; garden, this lovely in Soon heart aching tear, nor sigh nor No

Now tiny flowers lift their heads to say: Can long withstand thy spirit; Pure segolilies, one by one.

"Here is a spot on which an angel All things respond to thy faint touch Will lift their ivory chalices smiled."And gladness follows near it. In worship to the sun.

the Bible?? Why Read

By BRYANT S. HINCKLEY

President of the Liberty Stake

Bible, culture, a family or matter learning reference to important. no how are WithOPENING elegant, can, or extensive Bible is the best the among first "that the a farmer an Indiana found

$100.00 bank note sevenEuropeans and Americans, form literature,"careful students will

tyfive years old and still worth a proper substitute. Western civscarcely question this statement.

its face. The editor of the paper ilization is founded upon the The brilliant historian and philin which this was announced comBible; our ideas, our wisdom, our osopher, John Fiske, who always

ments as follows: "Thus enphilosophy, our literature, our equated historical values with scicouraged I imagine a lot of people art, our ideals come more from the entific accuracy, is strong in his

will open their Bibles once at least Bible than from all other books estimate of the profound influence every seventyfive years."Not all put together. It is revelation of the Bible had upon the developBibles contain bank notes but they divinity and of humanity; it conment of the democratic idea of

contain other treasures. The tains the loftiest religious aspiragovernment in Europe and Amerthings in this book never get old tion along with a candid repreica, and is equally strong in his

all that its of sentation literary is earthly, praise value. of Speakdoor cheap or worthless—they devilish. sensual in- I thoroughly the and ing of were most men who depreciatenot with time.

The Bible is a book for thinkbelieve in an university education fluential in the preservation of ers. Since the dawn of the Reforfor both men and women; but I English freedom in the eventful

mation it has been the companion believe a knowledge of the Bible days which preceded Cromwell's and inspiration of the leaders of without a college course is more triumph, he says: "They found

mankind, the source and deposivaluable than a college course in the sacred volume the treasures tory of the deepest and truest philwithout the Bible. For in the of a most original and noble literosophy of life. Those who read Bible we have profound thought ature unrolled before them; stirit thoughtfully and frequently beautifully expressed; we have the ring history and romantic legend,

give proof of a taste for the best nature of boys and girls, of men cosmical theories and priestly inthere is in literature and show an and women, more accurately chartjunctions, profound metaphysics appreciation of the best there is in ed than in the works of any modand pithy proverbs, psalms of uncharacter building. It would be ern novelist or playwright. You rivalled grandeur and pastorals of

impossible to measure its influence can learn more about human naexquisite loveliness, parables upon the world. ture by reading the Bible than by fraught with solemn meaning, the living in New York."mournful wisdom of the preacher,

Phelps, William LyonDR. Ph. TN referring to the revised version thethe matchlessexultant faitheloquenceof theof Jobapostle,and L. L. Litt. D., D., D., Lampson Prof, of English literature, he has this to say: 'The EngIsaiah, the apocalyptic ecstasy of

Yale University, in the introduclish translation is even better than St. John. At a time when there

tion to his little book, "Human the original Hebrew and Greek. was as yet no English literature

Nature in the Bible,"has said, * * * I am confident that the for the common people, this unwith convincing clearness, some authorized version was inspired."told wealth of Hebrew literature

things about the good old book One might think that this giftwas implanted in the English that every one ought to read, for ed and conservative scholar had mind as in a virgin soil. Great

an endorsement such as this from grown a little over enthusiastic in consequences have flowed from the a source so eminent is indeed sigsome of his statements concerning fact that the first truly popular litfirstnificant. In this book he considthe Bible but even a superficial inerature in England—the

ers the Bible (referring to the Old vestigation of the tremendous efwhich stirred the hearts of all

Testament) as a work of literafect it has had upon mankind genclasses of people, and filled their ture, "revealing the grandeur, the erally would make one hesitate to minds with ideal pictures and their folly, the nobility, the baseness of disagree with him. everyday speech with apt and tellthe literature in this preface three ing There are makes the phrases—was Hehuman nature."* * * comprised Bible. within the observations: fundamentaldeclaration that the authorized

version of the English Bible is the 1. That the Bible is the best It remains today, and will long

best example of English literature literature, remain, the noblest monument of the world has ever seen. "It com- 2. That Western civilization English speech. The reason for

bines the noblest elevation of was founded upon the Bible, this is obvious. The common

thought, aspiration, imagination, 3. That a knowledge of the English version of the Bible was

passion and religion with simplicBible is an important part of an made by men who were not aimity of diction."He says further: education. ing at literary effect, but simply

"Every one who has a thorough gave natural expression to the feelknowledge of the Bible may truly ET us examine these proposiings which for several generations be called educated: and no other tions in some detail, for they have clustered around the sacred

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 321

in moral andtext. They spoke with the voice beautiful, to ends so exalted as tentiary—he lacked

of a people, which is more than Jesus by the parables which he religious training, which are esthe voice of the most highly gifted taught? From what other philsentials in the development of

man. They spoke with the voice osophy of life has mankind recharacter. Cleverness without

of a people to whom the Bible had ceived so much light, so much help, character is dangerous. The life

come to mean all that it meant to as from these parables and from of the nation rests upon morality the men who wrote it. To the the sayings of the Master and from and morality rests upon religion.

Englishmen who listened to Latihis answers to the questionings of The first fundamental of a mer, to the Scotchmen who lisfollowers and foes? What other happy and successful life is a settened to Knox, the Bible more words that letters have preserved tled faith in God, a sound philthan filled the place which in modfor us are so compact with meanosophy of life. We know of no

ern times is filled by poem and ing, yet so simple in their utterother knowledge that will conessay, by novel and newspaper and ance, so straight to their purpose, tribute more to this end, no other scientific treatise. To its pages so entirely without waste? * * * training that will mean so much

they went for daily instruction What a wonderful piece of literain this direction as the training and comfort, with its strange ture it is! Not as revelation but which comes from a careful study

Semitic names they baptized their as literature. There is nothing so of the Bible.

children, upon its precepts, too small that holds so much; nothing

often misunderstood and misapso unerring in thought, so full of "CISKE, in commenting upon plied, they sought to build up a feeling, so rich in imagination, so some of the lessons of the Bosrule of life that might raise them perfect in the beauty of simple ton massacre, proceeds to point out above the crude and unsatisfying speech."These quotations are that the American colonists during

the trying days preceded the whichworld into which they were from men who are competent to the displayed Revolutionary Warborn."1 judge.

most unusual selfdiscipline, a re- "Now as the English speaking Second—"that our Western

spect for orderly governmentpeople the best in the have Bible is civilization built largely upon politiextraordinary, a which was it isworld, the beauand as most the Bible."correctness of The

cal in well development advance tiful ever erected this monument with to is apparent are those who time. of their that concludes Hethe alphabet, English to ought we familiar the with of foundation

make the most of it, for it is an America. The impelling motive they were the most enlightened

the people upon earth. These richincomparably inheritance, of the best conmade those who people read Bible two books—thefree read. to all who can tribution character to the deand

Blackstone's and Commentaries of velopment our Republic was that in-T*HIS the means principally. Bible ought we Their a religious one. Pilgrim fathThe 1 in variably the church and achievements on the and of soundness ers here that came they might worall public occasions their use to characters the resulted largely ship according Almighty to Godauthorized all version; are others their reading. from the dictates their of conscience, and inferior. except special for the read If And, Bible? you Why they while gathered a scanty subit it, purposes, it should is like be exused do remember not sistence soil the stony from of clusively for private taste reading. cultivaon and Why nottrial—the Massachusetts they joined in wedconstant trial. tionmake reader the are of the of companions on This lock religion culture. and The is best second availthe best has when the book been always comoffspring of that 2 this union was able."the best of panion text the minds, great republic. American They the thoughtful of the intellects, greatest mankind, of the book To

their inspiration drew the from the precious possession most the inspiration for the highest enBible their fashioned lives and is the world has mission deavor, the source mesand greatest the of after the precepts principles and sage of the Master the record with achievement.

it. in is contained Bible the The as these of in contained the four

corner stone of our civilization. read the Bible? If not is Gospels. the There nothing in WHYv for the depth and beauty of or the lives of men, heap mountain of books, comparable to it in its '"FHE third statement that "a its literature—if not for the ininfluence upon the thoughts and knowledge of the Bible withestimable contribution which it

conduct of mankind. out a college course is more imhas made to our freedom and deits great eduportant than a college course withmocracy—if not for

'"TO readers of this magazine out a knowledge of the Bible"is cational and character building

Christ was more than a man, rather a sweeping statement and value—if for none of these reabut if his parables and discourses may be challenged by some people. sons, read it because it contains the

had come to us without any assurThis is not an argument against word of God, because it is the recance of the divinity of their authoreducation. It in no way belittles ord of his dealing with his chilship they would have been given the value of a college training nor dren in the dispensations that are1

the highest place in the precious litdoes it in any manner reflect upon passed and gone, indicating t erature of the world. "What othits desirability or importance. It forces that have made for righter poet has joined imagination to is apparent that the training of the eousness and peace and the pracreason in forms so perfect, with intellect alone is not sufficient. tices which have resulted in indieffect so simple, so powerful, so The heart must be touched, the vidual failure and national decay.

deeper, finer impulses of the soul Read it because it is a revelation

Beginnings of Netv England by John must be brought out. A man was of man's place in the great scheme Fiske, p. 5354.

2J. D. Larned, Study of Greatness in graduated from the state univerof things and of the Almighty's

Men, p. 18. sity and hanged in the state peniplan to save and bless the world.

Spiritual Philosophy of Life A

By MILTON BENNION Dean of the School of Education, University of Utah V The FreeWill Controversy

In What Various Senses Is the "A common opinion prevails that the juice has ages ago been

Term, Freedom, Used? pressed out of the freewill controversy, and that no new champion can

In What Ways Is Freedom Limdois amoreradicalthanmistake.warm upI staleknowargumentsof no subjectwhichlesseverywornoneout,has heard.or in whichThisited? inventive genius has a better chance of breaking open new ground,—

What Has Freedom to Do with not perhaps, of forcing a conclusion or of coercing assent, but of deepResponsibility and with the Deening our sense of what the ideas of fate and of freewill imply."*

velopment of Personality?

What Is the Meaning of Moral some instances, might have been objections to this theory have been

Freedom? Is It a Natural Endowdifferent; and that what is to be, briefly stated in previous numbers

ment or Is It Acquired? within limits, is for individuals to of this series. It may be proper to

determine. add here that it has been called ininvolves logical there freedom without think it through can be noTHEtermsterm,libertyfreedom,and likelaw, theis Some philosophers hold that conceivable because any attempt to

degree evolution; othcontradictions. indeterminism of Cosmic some

used with a variety of meaners hold that freedom is consistent as defined by Herbert Spencer asings. In popular speech freedom with selfdeterminism, and that, sumes that the complex world of

is the opposite of slavery; in poin fact, this is the only kind of today evolved from a homogenelitical documents, it is often apfreedom that is desirable. Each of ous, undifferentiated mass, a

plied to a selfgoverning people; these theories as to the three vaworld, if it can be called such,

in the language of criminal law, rieties of determining or not detherefore, in which all parts were it may refer to one who is not in termining human conduct is dealike. With such a condition

jail; to a youth, it sometimes fended on the grounds of experithere could have been no environmeans one who has escaped from ence. ment in the sense in which we now

the domination of his parents. use that term. In our experience

These are but types of the many Why External Determinism? when a living organism is changed

this popular in term whichways its is it action environment by by deexternal of DVOCATES Ais used. it different of ** something upon appeal to the conterminism

discuss is to It here the purpose itself, exact duplinot an from by science the as physical cepts of as its use philosophical infreedom itself. is cate It least of at unreaall experience of valid and most to it the relations applies man's to if sonable, inconceivable, to not all as application nature to having

Is individual the whollyworld. that the assume substance out of instiinclusive of and human man his creaturethe of environment? the evolved which world could the tutions. build upon They

Is entirely causes determined he by this developed into have complex the of of statement law popular his to external conditionsand own experience either world we without gravitation, in everything which affirmative anpersonality? An selfdifferentiation the of in power is controlled, has externally but

is agreein these questions toswer itself its substance the or without itself. reover power no They ExternalDeterminism, withment acted being a outupon power by as a gard of meproduct mind the held the theory by commonly itself. side the former hypoBy forces, agreechanical operating in

materialists. opmechanistic An thesis degree selfdeter- some of the of natural laws with ment

is callheld theory widelyposing is mination assumed, thus breakthe order. conduct of same The this SelfDeterminism. ed From ing the theory external of down is arising as individual conceived

is deterof conductpoint view latter, determinism; the exterby sources, his wholly from two the of indinature themined by nal intervention is assumed conhis heredity environment. and

is, It nevertheless, himself.vidual trary to the postulates of physical this heredity viewpoint, But from certainly predefinitely quite and science. left defense only The is itself fig- a storage battery, but

real that the extent dictable the to is then the from standpoint of the uratively speaking, environof is individual the of nature known. theological predestinationists, the ages forces for that have mental in third theory, measure someA is logic of reto which make species. God in been accumulating the

is others, the to of opposed both all is, sponsible for that good, bad, is ultimateheredity reduced Thus It called holds Indeterminism. indifferent. and influences enthe ly to past of actions the inof the future that

is, thereIt has often been pointed out dividual are not wholly predetervironment. The theory

mined, either by external condifore, properly called external dethat from this point of view the tions or by the present nature of terminism. The philosophical damned exist for the glory of

the self; that there is real choice James, Wm The Will to Believe and Other Essays, p. 145. Longmans, Greens

of ends and means; that results, in Co., New York.

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 323

God, without the possibility on But then, again, whether or not Is There a Place for their part of being anything but we like this theory is also predeIndeterminism?

damned. Such a theory may be termined.

acceptable to people entranced by 'T'HE minimum requirements of a certain type of theological beWhat of SelfDeterminism? * this theory are stated by

lief; it can hardly, however, be James thus:

this of term use customary 'T'HE dephilosophically as aacceptable everythat say will'does not aside it "'Free sets while *- in philosophy, to return belief.termined To

is conceivable is physically that thing determinism, external universal expeintimate toearth more and of that It says merely possible. also

all conduct that in agrees holding the relation of the will considerrience, really our that tempt alternatives theory of external determinism to is causally determined, and that more than one is really possible."2

human life and human relations with sufficient knowledge of all as we know them. Has any exthe complex conditions involved This is not to deny the influponent of this theory ever been conduct could be predicted with ence of external things in deterobserved to act upon it consistentcertainty. This is made possible mining conduct; it does deny that

ly? One of its most earnest advoby the assumption that the actions conduct is thus wholly determined.

cates, the writer recalls, suggested of an individual are determined by It is not to deny selfdeterminism that it would never do for a perthe nature of the actor; that the as a primary factor in determining

son to apply it to himself, but that principle of universal causation conduct; it does deny that the fuit might very well be applied to holds; that is, putting this assumpture of each individual is wholly

other people. This view is as tion in the negative form, there is and irrevocably determined by

commendably charitable as it is no such thing as chance or conwhat he is at this moment. It ascheerfully illogical. Other advotingency in the world. A given sumes the possibility of his volcates of the theory are not so nature, being such as it is, cannot untarily bringing about some decharitable; in practice they do in act otherwise than it does, but it gree of modification of his own

fact often hold that an erring assoacts without external compulsion; nature and also of the nature of

ciate might have acted otherwise. this is in agreement with Howihis environment, both physical

There are also some individuals son's definition of freedom: and social. These modifications

enhis nature and in have, on the groups in his own who and small (instead means "Freedom the in turn react developed of unprevironment upon him theory, basis of this spontaneously action dictable whim) habit of throwing bouquets and flowing from the definite guiding intelliand thus help to bring about fursobs at convicts, but at the same gence of the agent himself."1 ther changes. This, because there

time berating society for punishis truth in all three theories, proing these criminals. It is hardly TF, however, this action is wholly vided each is modified to include

necessary to call attention to the * and with absolute certainty the truths of the other two.

fact that if all criminals are wholly predictable then the individual, beThe practice of education is the victims of circumstances so also ing such as he is, cannot possibly properly built upon recognition of is society. By the same theory and act otherwise than he does. The all three factors in the developlogic if society punishes it must be practical consequences are, therement of personalities. If external

because it is externally determined fore, in this respect essentially the conditions were not a factor much that it shall do so. It cannot, by same as in the case of external deof the work of the schools, juventhis theory, act otherwise; society terminism, although the theory ile courts, and social welfare

should, therefore, be as free from itself seems more nearly to approxagencies would be of no avail. All

censure as are criminals. Why then imate experience. Were it perof these institutions count heavily

censure or punish anybody, any missible to grant that the individupon external influences, especially group, or any institution? Acual has some degree of power to social influence. One of these socording to this theory it is foolish change his own nature the theory cial influences is directed toward

to ask the question because no might square with experience and the problem of developing in the thing, event, or person can poswith the demands of the moral child a sense of responsibility and sibly be anything else than what life. This, however, would be to a feeling that it is within his own

past and is. If it environment, the to right to choose power and to open of choice, an element to admit to be agitated, causes us present, reject If the this educawrong. possibilities; various the to way bouwith to or shower punish, is tional realized purpose not charof nullify therefore, one it would, feltheir those murder quets who fail. acter education will If these

lows that is all predetermined and the essentials of the theory, strictfeelings are held to be mere illuirrevocable; as are also the actions ly interpreted. sions the character structure is built

and in civil society condemning of of Evolution, 1Limits of mobs in lynchand punishing Co., MacMillan New York.p. 320, The uponstand thethesandfloodsand ofwilltemptationsnot withing. Were it possible to introduce that are sure to come.

a little logic into our systems we cease shedding course, of should, also recognizes DUCATION P of the Teachings New ORAL disturbed otherwise being tears or fact that desirable the a type M this, ly the of author Testament, or it. whether then, But, about of personality normally usuand

freeseries, brief:hapter on a has is prealso logical be can not we ally desirable yields a type of conreligious moral and the in dom Truly environment. determined by it duct. If so, results the were not

as used "free,"term, the sense of of the law of of view the point gravitation, as popularly stated, is by Jesus. 2The V/ill to Believe, p. 157, Longapplied to us with a vengeance. mans, Green fiJ Co., New York.

324 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

of the educative process would be ards, and ideals. The child is not Jesus often spoke of the flowers

lost. Not only that, however, but born with this kind of freedom, of Palestine and used them to illusso also would orderly society be but only with the possibility of trate his sermons. He declared that

lost. The stability of friendships, attaining it. It is the great task Solomon in all his glory was not

of the marriage relation, of social of education to help him toward arrayed like the lilies of the field, organizations, of business, industhis end. Recognition of this fact and that God even clothed the grass

try, and commerce, of the church has produced such book titles as, of the field.

and the state, are all founded upon "Educating for Freedom."3 This John tells us that Jesus "went

the dependability of individuals; is not only the major function of forth with his disciples over the

this is founded upon the stability education, it should be also the brook Cedron, where was a garden, of individual character, which, in goal of all moral endeavor, of unto which he entered, and his turn, is a corollary of the theory ethical culture, and of religious disciples. * * * for Jesus ofttimes

of selfdeterminism. aspiration. From the standpoint resorted thither."And it was in

There are, then, two aspects of of the individual it is the great this Garden of Gethsemane that freedom in human conduct; i. e., spiritual goal of life, a goal to be Christ endured his great agony,

freedom from external compulprogressively realized through acand sought comfort in prayer.

sion; that is, free spontaneous acquisition of social knowledge and

cause is spiritual tion the moving in which ages, since the God of life '"THROUGH insight—ideals

that in social relations himself; the agent and also and conduct in the the garden *- walked in

freedom manifest in the power r'together with conformity of life cool of the day, gardens have the individual to choose, within to these ideals. This is real freeclaimed the love and imagination

limits, between alternatives, to exdom in its highest and best sense. of the poets and artists, the thinkin ercise choice that modify may Sir ers of the world. truth, the and shall and workers "Ye know

4 nature and some degree his own Francis one of his free."Bacon wrote shall the truth you make

thus make possible a real selfde- Jesus doubtless here refers to social most famous essays about gardens.

termination of his own character. and spiritual truth, truth that reShakespeare loved to place his charThis point of view satisfies the delates to the life and conduct of acters in gardens. The Rubaiyat

mands both of common sense and men. Socrates, the father of ethof Omar Khayyam sings of philosof reflective thinking, both of eduics, also held that freedom is someophy and love in a Persian garden,

cation and of ethics. thing to be acquired and that the where the poet thinks:

road to freedom and to happiness so red never blows Is "That Moral Freedom? What is through knowledge—knowlas rose buried some where The relations with of man's edge what aspect questhis of A NOTHER bled; Caesar with God his and fellowmen J**- relates to tion as a freedom the garden every hyacinth That be. to ought called often acquired, to be thing wears

moral freedom. In this sense it sBy Edward O. Sisson, The MacMillan Dropt in her lap from some once

means free, spontaneous action in Co., N. Y. lovely head."

agreement with moral laws, stand4John 8:32.

Today, here in the west, a flower garden is not such a necesEvery Home Needs a sitysternwithdemandsus as itof shouldpioneerbe.life Theleft

needed flowers, energy was so much Flower Garden little time for cultivation of soil. the for wresting food from

By MAUD CHEGWIDDEN But now that the years have brought comfort and leisure, every

A DAM'S first work, we are told and again: "A garden inclosed is home may have its flower garden,

*- in Genesis, was to care for the my sister, my spouse; a spring shut for certainly every family needs

garden which the Lord Himself up, a fountain sealed."one to round out its life.

had planted, "eastward in Eden,""Let my beloved come into his It is easy to make a flower garwherein grew every tree "that is garden and eat his pleasant fruits,"den. Any woman can make one,

pleasant to the sight, and good for we read, and later: "My beloved once she has the ground ploughed

food."Notice that beauty for the is gone down into his garden, to or spaded for her future operaeye's delight is placed before the the beds of spices, to feed in the tions; and plenty of women have

mere fact of growth for food. gardens and to gather lilies."energy and ambition enough to be

Nowadays, however, cabbages are their own diggers too. This westconsidered more important as a TSAIAH, in describing the promern soil is full of wonderful potencrop than flowers. ises which are due unto godlitialities and possibilities. It is

Throughout the Bible, mention ness, says: "And thou shalt be fresh and sweet. It needs no lime

of gardens, and of roses, lilies and like a watered garden, and like a as the older, sour soils of the east vines is very frequent. That spring of water, whose waters fail do. It is kissed all day by the sun

lovely and undying poetry which not."This same promise is again and cooled by the mountain

comprises the Song of Solomon given by Jeremiah, "And their soul breezes. It is waiting, throbbing

abounds in gardening phrases. shall be as a watered garden, and with life, to receive the seeds and

it will give back "My beloved is mine and I am they shall not sorrow any more at roots. And

his; he feedeth among the lilies,"all."(Continued on page 364)

ByCkampion F. TORONTO"Mormon Utes"WALLACE

greatest basketball game spectators speculate on the outchaps have certainly mastered theTHEof the season is about to take come of the game. They have technique of the game.

place in the huge gym of the never seen this team from Utah The whistle blows! The crowd

Y. M. C. A. in that historic old play, but reports are circulated that grows tense with excitement as the

city of Prague, the capital of the it plays fast ball. It is even ruboys pull off their warmup

new republic of Czechoslovakia. mored that some of the Amerisweaters. But the game is not yet

This game is to be the main feature cans have had previous experience to begin, for there are preliminary of the extensive Home Coming on championship teams at home. ceremonies. Both teams line up

is doing in the middle of the floor, facingDay program of that institution. The Y. M. C. A. teamThe hall, decorated with banners good work under the basket—evieach other, each captain in possesof all colors and designs and the dently they are "on!"The crowd sion of a large flag. Mr. Marek,

hundreds of eager people surroundhas reason to expect a good showathletic director of the Y. M. C.

ing the playing court and filling ing, for their boys have been in A., introduces the teams, and thento overflowing the large, spacious competition for three years—and in turn the captains; first, the capupper balcony, make a picture without defeat. Undoubtedly they tain of the famous Czech team,

which cannot soon be forgotten. are the championship team of CzeJohnny Brusel, who presents the

On each end of the balcony hangs choslovakia, having earned that Utes with a beautiful Czech natitle by sportsmanlike and skillful tional flag. His well deliveredthe Red, White, and Blue—the

national colors of the United playing. presentation is made in English

States, and also of the newborn he, himself, being a CzechAmer- republic. Here is the American ican studying in the University of

flag which betokens liberty and 1 HREE years ago the Prague. Then Captain Hart, of

freedom, gained a century and a great American game of basketball the Utes, is introduced. He prehalf ago by a brave and Godfear- was introduced into the country by sents the Y. M. C. A. with a large

ing people; and on the other side the physical education leaders of American flag. His remarks are

in the flag, language. Czechis the made This Czechoslovakian bethe received A. Y. M. C. who had

thrills freethe that audience to find for an thespeaking sought long their training colleges. in American

interest has to American a in chardistinct people, of enoughdom game met with immediate The its selin and speakacter tongue, and own are now who language-—for enthusiastic favor. Now, basketis that a foreigner attempts of the hundredsenjoying dom it dream of

years. The hall itself is beautiball is a popular term in Czechoto learn Bohemian; and a roar of

ful, but with throngs of people slovakia and Central Europe. And applause greets the captain. This

filling every available space, it bethe red and yellow clad native bit of ceremony is certainly a token comes more than a picture; it is a

living, throbbing, fascinating scene.

SIDE d.oor opens, Aand at sight of six young men

garbed in flashy red basketball suits, the sweaters of which blaze forth a white "U T A H"in blocked letters, the crowd rises in unison, and cheer long and loud as the "Mormon Utes"dash across the floor, and warm up under the basket. A few moments later another equally fine looking team,

led by its captain, trot out on the floor, and again the hall reverberates with enthusiastic cheering.

This last team is the undefeated

Red and Yellow Y. M. C. A. team

is dePrague.of tension high; The

in Missionaries "Mormon"Prague written facestermination the on

I. of Left to right: F. Jos. Wallace Hart, Gaeth, Toronto, Arthur

all players. Willis Josie. Carlson, C. Alvin Charles H. Hayward,

As the two teams warm up, the 326 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

of good fellowship and national wary of his opponent; and each the Bohemian, language; the Book

brotherhood. one giving his all for the last of Mormon is now being translattwenty minutes of play. Because ed, and will be off the press in a

of the anxiety of the teams, the few months; weekly English meet-

A..GAIN the whistle game is slightly rough at times, ings have been held, and with a

blows and this time the centers but there is no evidence of illfeel- great degree of success, a Sunday step into the ring. The guards and ing. A basket is scored on this School has been held every Sunday

the positions. take their forwards that. last the of side during and few then on A bit morning—and

isIt is go- a tense moment. interception entirely passing, brilliant months, lanor Who in the an Czech

ing to get the breaks? Who will a fumble, and the ball changes guage. Some one hundred newsscore the first basket? Who will hands. A long shot falls short and paper articles, together with pichave the sympathy of the crowd? is recovered by the guards, and tures of Utah, have appeared in

These and other questions are in again the situation is changed. the leading publications of the

the minds of the players, and such And the audience is almost as incountry, thus advertising the work conjectures also stimulate the extensely in the game as the members and stirring up an interest in the citement of the spectators. As the of the teams. The air is charged people.

referee steps into ring, the shrill whistle excitement! the with A to has that with But what do

is breathless. whistlecrowd this, The keeper brings the time from basketball? These young men

ball. the he tossesblows and The season, the of the greatest game to believe the people in reaching

is tall centergame on! The Ute score final stands, a the close, and are things they through in which

gets the ball to the jump, and tips 18. C. Y. M. Utes—32, A.—interested, important meand an

the right forward. like a the for victory Then It is a great is sport. Earlier in the year dium

flash it goes to the gives left forward in turn team Utes. Each a the missionaries playground played

who is racing for the basket. The rousing cheer for its opponent. One baseball with the Sokols, the larg-

Y. M. C. A. boys take the defenwas in Czech, the other in Engest athletic organization in Censive, and are on their toes. They lish, but the same sportsmanlike tral Europe, and through their

manage to intercept a pass, snap the spirit is conveyed by both. willingness to show and to teach

ball down the floor, and in two the Czech boys the "tricks"of the after at the tossupminutes friends, and ter, their arches a beauforward with cenFollowing t h e madegame, valuablegained manyconnections the basket. is heldtiful shot through dance a monstrous game of influence. formed in men They

is frantic! are all presentAgain The the crowd to which the gym, a quartet gained conwhich has

ball is tossed at center again, and invited. Being the Home Coming siderable fame in Prague by singflashes from man to man. Now Day of the Y. M. C. A., careful ing at some of the most exclusive

the has and been made, the preparations have team it, and home now participating clubs in of and some is score. toUtes. follows. about Alunusual program Utah an year. events the finest of the They

it falls not a beauty, goes but theThere do though "Mormons"assist oralso Scout with the Boy short of the hoop by an inch. Then participate in the dancing, they ganization. In addition they have

possession ofthe take guards assist the program. with They home contacts various English with are made

it dribble ball, covetedthe to sing invited Engand some of their socieclubs, prominent and other intervals anfor the lish during songsdown beties, active in part taking the floor—evidently and by

is inbasket.other dances, back time come But again it and tween seeds have which sowed them may

tercepted. A dribble, two snappy and time again by the applause of in time produce a bounteous harpasses, a leap for the basket, and the appreciative crowd. vest.

the "Mormons"tie the score. And

another rousing cheer from the these are >UT who B are 1 HIS is preaching the Utes? what Andanxious spectators. "Mormon"

they doing in Czechoslovakia? Gospel in the modern way,

Several months ago, six young through the channels which reach

B.'OTH teams are on men, under the leadership of the lives of the people. The motto

their mettle, both fighting to win Arthur Gaeth, were sent into Czeof the Czechoslovak mission is thatutmost—-everygame, everymomentman givinghis eyeshis choslovakiaopening up fora missionthe purposeof theof it"Joinworkingin and wonders,be one withforthem."throughIton that yellow ball and his mind Church of Jesus Christ of Latterthis means unthoughtof paths have

on those perplexing plays. Twenday Saints, and to prepare for the been opened. Through this kind

ty minutes of the hardest playing advent of the Gospel among the of contact the interest of the peowhich had ever been seen in the Y. Slavs generally. Since the day of ple is aroused, and they are begin-

M. C, A., and at the end of the the dedication of the mission on the ning to investigate the "moving

19, Y.half force"these is sending which Utes—these young July, 1929, 24th of

are the localsM. C. are into the world, and young men I. theA.—9.score stands,But Joseph Gaeth, Arthur men,

lead ten point a thatdetermined is their that message Willis Carlson, H. discovering Hart, Alvin G.

is the final considered be not to while. worth Josie, Charles and Hayward, Walvictors. are as toanswer who will that the mission enhope been busily have lace Toronto, We A ten minute period marks the gaged in learning a new language, grow in numbers,—of missionend of the half, and again the boys and in making contacts with variaries, and of members, until the

take position on the floor. Each ous people of influence. Through whole of the Slavic peoples, almost

player is more in the game than their efforts, two new and distinc150 millions, will hear the Gosever; each one just a little more tive tracts have been published in pel message.

Hints on Making {he Best of Life

By DR. JOHN T. MILLER

the past 35 years, in the same need for help in choosothers; the abuse is quarrelsomeDURING more than 500 high schools ing a vocation and in selfculture ness and fighting. The mating infaithfulness stinct basis have. is the for boys Not long ago the of that the writer and colleges,

life; its States of is too abuse in married United Commissioner lecturesthis article has given on

said in that divorce our Education seen in the comcommonly character guidancevocational and it is little less wastein- plex social life is the courts. Parental love inall those In nearlyeducation.

stitutions, an office was set apart ful to leave boys and girls withstinct that gives parents love for it in a vocation active their choosing children; help out too when ininterviewsfor personal where

it is causes spoiled to children be without to leave them in thandividual given students help was is suffieducation. overindulgence There and through when now the vocationschoosing to which

reliable deficient cient cause to parents be information huon may best adaptedthey were and life instinct cruel. to culture reproductive every unfold The in man physical adand mentalmaking

is the the Creator to help each wonderful youth and normally power increase efthatjustments would race; the a get for perpetuating he into to given vocation has whereficiency and improve personality. can be happy and help best to do the abuses of it are lewdness, vulThis work was based upon the the world's work. garity, lustfulness, licentiousness

nature usedscience of by human obscenity. Concentration and greatest America'sHorace Mann, gives the attend to one power to "C VERY, power of mind is good

educator, by our beloved Dr. Karl *-* if properly used. Vice and thing at a time; the abuse of it is

G. Maeser, and by others who crime result from the misuse of lack of power to concentrate.

showed more than ordinary talent divine powers of mind. The Strong selfconsciousness and lack

in helping young people to make normal use of appetite is most esof selfreliance form the inferiority the best of life. These principles sential in building the body; the complex that can only be overcome

selfculture simple that are soof is in selfreliance. drunkenness abuse of it cultivating and by Firm- 'successfullythey can be applied by gluttony. use of acquisitiveperseverance gives persistence, ness The

intelligence of ordinary youthany in thrift is to store ness and away under to succeed and determination has persistence andwho harvest determintimes of plenty what and difficulties; stubof it is the abuse

ation. The encouraging response is needed for other times; the bornness. Thus we might go onthat has thousands come from who desire is theft excessive abuse and abuse of use the of and speak and

is this evigiven been helphave corrust that things for and moth of elements primary each of the 44 intellectual, thedence that moral steal. thieves that rupt Enand is character harmonious mind. A spiritual in tendencies youthand character; force the gives to ergy action. their of normal the result

can be aroused and strengthened the abuse of it is temper and high direct the impulsesuntil they past century the wonnerves. gives to pitched Courage selfTOURING

social, intellectual,physical, moral have taken * derful changes protect defense to and a tendency and spiritual harmony. place in methods of education. In

the past too much emphasis was "C VERY youth desires to gain the placed upon rescue and cure. These

- information that will help him are gradually being displaced by to make the best of life and to get prevention and conservation. Mildinto the vocation to which he is er methods of discipline are disbest adapted mentally and physiplacing harsh ones. Nobility of

cally. It is now generally recogcharacter and harmony of life are

nized that it is as much the duty being emphasized more and more, of society to direct young people to while coercion, suppression and retheir right vocation as it is to edupression are not so common as cate them. Two thousand years formerly. The five educators who

ago Cicero sent his son to the leadhave done most to bring about this ing philosopher of his time hoping desirable change in education are to make a philosopher of him. The Pestalozzi in Switzerland, Froebel

boy made an effort but was such in Germany, George Combe and a failure that Cicero suggested Charles Dickens in Great Britain, there should be triers to help bovs and Horace Mann in America. The

get into the right vocation. At lives of these men are an inspirathat time girls were not educated, tion to any person interested in

so they did not need vocational human improvement.

guidance. It has required 2,000 The world spends time and

years to make vocational guidance money teaching young people the a part of our educational system. mechanism and methods of operatDuring that time education for ing the machines now used to do

girls has developed until they have the world's work, but how little 328 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

time is spent in studying the wonstinct, parental love, amativeness appetite, money or prizes, fear, flatders of mind and body, and the or the reproductive power, the intery or force, the impulses gain best methods of keeping them dividualizer, form, size, weight, control over the higher nature and healthy and efficient? It is natural color, order, number, comparison, the results are not good. The

to be well. It is unnatural to be causality, mirth, construction, more selfcontrol is developed in

sick. There is much unnecessary ideality, sublimity, adaptation, each of us, the less need there will

sickness in the world. In the imitation, concentration, selfre- be for others to control us.

Word of Wisdom certain health liance, firmness, selfconsciousness, It is reported that the Prophet principles are explained and the ambition, caution, conscience, Joseph Smith was once asked how promise is made that those who hope, faith, love, reverence and inhe governed the people over whom observe those principles of healthtuition. In future articles these he presided. It is said that he anculture shall receive health and will be studied in detail. In evswered, "I do not govern them. I

treasures of knowledge, even hidery act of the mind some of these teach them correct principles and den treasures. During the past are used. The kind of thinking they govern themselves."This is

century much attention has been or feeling done is expressed in the one of the most fundamental pringiven to the study of the body and face. One of the Hebrew writers ciples and is much needed today.

its needs; if the truths that have 500 B. C. said, "The heart (feelWhen this principle is universally

been discovered in anatomy, physiings) of a man changeth his counadopted in the physical, social, inology and hygiene were universaltenance, whether for good or evil. tellectual, moral and spiritual dely applied disease would become And a merry heart maketh a cheervelopment of humanity there will

the exception and health the rule. ful countenance. A man may be be much more happiness than there

known by his looks and one that is in the world today, and vice, understanding counby his the time of the Greek hath pROM tenance when thou meetest him. A crime,tions willdiseasebe lessand common.other imperfecOth- philosophers, Socrates, Plato,

, and exers can point the way for us, Aristotle and Pythagoras, about man's attire (clothing) 2,500 years ago to the present, cessive laughter and gait show but each individual must develop thinkers have been trying to diswhat he is."This truth is beauself-control that will result in

cover mind. Each philosopher has tifully illustrated in these lines: making the best of life.

spun his own thread of philosophy "By a whisper sow we blessings, different from all the rest. From By a breath we scatter strife. XJUMAN lives are the master- J"L our words and looks actions and these theoretical studies nothing In the piece of Creator. The

the seeds Lie of life."death and that, came could be used successfully intellectual, development of the

in harmonizing mind. the During

past varieties generation 24 of inOne of the modern poets says: enciesesthetic,of morallife in humanand spiritualbeings tendcon-

telligence tests have been created. "The human face I love to view, stitute their superiority over the

trace the passions the of soul; And present animals. lower trend The Great in psychology Teacher The

feelings it the write is On anew the feelings to study nearly years 2,000 that ago and methods scroll. said as changing Each thought on a

of controlling them. Since every There the mind its evil doings tells, where our treasure is there is our

person has a mind to develop, the And there its noblest deeds do speak heart also. There never was a time

study of mind should form a part JustProclaimas the ringinga knell ofor theweddingbells feast. before when the opportunities for

of every person's education. The How beautiful love's features are, selfdevelopment and service to

powers of selfpreservation serve Enthroned on virtue's radiant face. humanity were greater than at

rare, jewel bright Like and some to preserve present. social dismarvelous and life. The Many

race. fairest the the of by Worn affections domestic relate ineach coveries have the during been made vice hatred, they and mar But how

dividual to family and social life. The form and face of man past century but human happiness

The intellect is used in gathering, And from the choicest pleasures bar, has not been increased in proporremembering and classifying facts All who fail to do the good they can."tion. The most valuable discovpertaining to our world. The pereries we can make are in our own

statement, "As a man serve in fecting powers designing, HPHE lives and in our relations with othis true. so is he,"-* thinketh planning, It ers. constructing beauand

tifying things; this is known as is also true that "As a man is so Future articles will contain inthe creative imagination. The thinketh he."As we change our formation about each one of the

aspiring and governing powers give habits of thinking we restrain or primary elements of mind and will ambition, selfreliance and detercultivate our mental tendencies show how to restrain those that mination. The moral and spiritand the brain centers through are too active and cultivate the deual emotions are the highest exwhich they function. This proficient ones so as to produce harpression of life and connect us with cess of change goes on in every permony of life. The study of huprinciples and things that give the son during the entire life, here and man nature can be so simplified

highest joys of life and are essential hereafter. The key to education that anybody can easily learn it.

in eternal progression. To study is in the proportionate developThis study should form a part of

mind intelligently we must know ments of mind and body. These the education of every person, beits primary elements. During the are the essential bases for character cause it helps to form good habits

past 150 years scientists have disdevelopment. When from earliest and to overcome bad ones, thus

covered the following 44 primary childhood throughout life human putting harmony into life. When

elements of mind: appetite, acbeings respond through reason, there is harmony in each individual

quisitiveness, thrift, reserve, enconscience and love of the best in there will be harmony in every ergy, courage, love of life, friendlife are developed. If the appeal home, every community, and

ship, love of home, the mating inthat causes the response is through throughout the universe.

Out of Burning /IVY WILLIAMS STONE Vw/

Chapter Four

hours after Curly startCassy. "I nussed her in this hyarTWOed her lonesome pilgrimage chair, I did."

to the city, the Turner famBud stood up, squared his shoulily wakened to a warm kitchen. ders, faced his family with new

No odor of green wood or doty determination.

chips permeated the room. The "Do youns mean honest, she

stove held a bright, steady glow, warn't ourn?"he demanded. "Not

with embers dropping through the my sister?"

grates. Granny Turner was pre- "She war thet jedge's baby.

paring a treat. Johnny cake and Thar war two of 'em in a buggy,

molasses! Young Bud, half boy side the court house, the day Silas

and half man, grinned his appreHoggan went ter trial. I fetched

ciation and voluntarily filled the one, an'left one. Weuns did a

water bucket. Cassy hurried out, good job, Granny an'me."

wondering at the celebration. "She hed larnin'ways,"lamentMillie rose reluctantly, looking pale ed Cassy.

and heavyeyed. Lastly came "Ain't she never comin'back

Steve, deliberate and dignified, as hyar no more?"piped Millie.

befitted the head of the house. "No!"Granny's quick reThey gathered around the stove, sponse seemed final. But close on

praising the pleasant warmth and her decision Bud put in a hearty the cheery glow. Never had the TiHE effect of her "Yes!"

oven been so hot or the cake such announcement was varied. All eyes

a golden brown. turned accusingly upon Millie. She

faced them boldly, defiantly. Then DiDEFIANCE of a "Whar's Curly?"demanded is in the mountains grandmother sensing the fact that her parents

Steve as he and Bud sat indeed. Turner's But Bud griefstricken to eat were more than defiance

while the women folks served. angry, she lost her defiance, boyhood seemed to drop from him

slumped down on the kitchen like a cloak as he continued, "She bench and sobbed audibly. Cassy air a comin'back. I allers liked her

it. I Millie. couldn't help solitary into the rocker, flung better'n old sank gaunt LJRANNY'S

thin. 1 uster so little and She war over her head her apronface.became and moanleathery. more set and

She served Steve a huge wedge of ed as she rocked. "My least one! I hoe her corn rows an'tote her

steaming cake, covered with mowants my least one!"Steve Turner wood. I walloped Millie good the

lasses. reached for his gun, cleaned and time she let go the hoe on Curly's

I ter toe. get her some aims day shiny, the door. above

listen "Youall she degood,"larnin'her. an'hed She marry "I've ter a thet thar shoot mindclared. I gone. sent "Curly's her I'll fret, ways. youns Don't Ma; threatened. Walters,""He's he Abeter thet thar Town listen kin an'back, her bring youns town—ter just is."count, he no sends things hyar.Lady what ter that thar book."of the end all best the get fur him "You ain't least ourn.Curly Cassy's I Granny knows why "Now her raised weddin'!"Granny diedone an'abornin', Steve fetched hair,"alius wailed her dipped voice the the of laments above twothet thar from baby town. Ef let ter afeared Cassy. "She war reluctantly crying Steve women.he'd her, died, nary Cassy'd brung curls."see folks golden thar them his replaced putting his gun, andshe told never would. noWeuns

Cassy's around arm awkwardly an'Steve knowed. me

shoulders,body—just offer consolatried to

fair, her she but upWeuns brung sat upright, tion. staycouldn't more. I bin no eyes. rubbing herMILLIEreddened "Kin

awatchin'Abe Walters. He's bin I hev her things?"she queried. "I

lots.ahangin'Last hyar round an'thet red her thar shawl carry wants youns D'ON'T ter tote off he triednight Curly glass, lookin'an'the blue long admonished. an'on so,"he "Weuns

marry her. He's gotta marry Mildidn't have no hold ter her. She's ribbons. I don't want them thar

lie, he has. I give her the things the least one of thet jedge. I books nor them thar tooth

she had on when she come hyar, fetched her partly cause he took brushes."

an'she ain't acomin'back no more. this hyar farm, partly cause youns Cassy turned belligerently toWeuns're agoin'ter hev a weddin'war thet near dead. Our least one ward her erring daughter. "Youns

right smart."all blue. Granny air ter blame fer all this hyar troudied—he war

Granny had never spoken so an'me buried him out under thet ble,"she cried. "I ought ter

much at any one time before. Now big tree what I never would cut wallop yer."She raised a threatshe felt exhausted and turned to down."ening arm over the cowering Milmore familiar tasks. "She war my least one,"sobbed lie. Then suddenly realizing the

330 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

weary months which lay before the needs of her growing family, stood road, too weary to walk farther.

childwoman, her anger changed to waiting for admission. He half She was coming from Crow's Nest.

compassion. "Set up an'eat, Milled, half carried a young girl, or a She's got a tiny piece of paper in

lie,"she admonished. "Youns kin large child, Miss Eunice could not that closed hand. It has your name

hev my 'lasses on youns cake. tell which. As she admitted them on it. Torn from a parcel post

'Pears like ets thet sweet it hurts the child's strange appearance package, looks like. Give the lady

my teeth."seemed like a page from a fairy tale. the paper, child."

Her bare feet were grimed and coarsened; her tousled bare head Harrison an automaton startling. LiJKE black hair.Home was sudThehad reached its capacity. Twenty the crumpled, over Curly handed roots, at the whitened denly formbeds and twenty girls had been ing a straight contrasting line in moist scrap. Miss Eunice smoothed

Miss Eunice's ambition. Orphans the middle. She looked fatigued it out and recognized her own

life, country seeking home and address in her own handfrightened. pair of girls and worn name A seeking girls education, escaping writing. shoes were flung shoulover one

from the drudgery of povertyder; a small tin box was clutched "What is your name, dearie?"

ridden last environment. The Turner,"in an opposite the She arm. under wore "Curly—Curly comer, the had crippled Amy, almost inaudible whisper. dress flannel somewhich a brown

sleeping porch. Every night Miss how seemed familiar to Miss "And your daddy's name?"

Eunice made the rounds of the Eunice. One hand was clutched in prompted Miss Eunice.

twenty sleepers, tucking in loose a firm grasp, as if something pre- "Steve Turner."Then noticing

lights, off covers, forgotten turning flash of that understanding cious were guarded. being The the doors. locking on to Then over the face came of Miss Eunice, too neglecther round molded face was

own room, body weary but soul ed for beauty; and was strangely the child quickly added, "Granny

happy. dark, as if grimed. Her hands were sent me. She said I couldn't stay

"What would you do, Miss rough and cracked, and bore unno more. She sent youns this hyar

Eunice, if another girl drifted in, mistakable marks of toil. Only box."

say tonight?"queried Amy as Miss the eyes, in spite of fatigue, looked "Give her this pill and put her to

Eunice passed her door. "If she at Miss Eunice unflinchingly and bed,"ordered Dr. Locke. "She's

had to sleep in the street if you beseechingly. "Where have I seen walked farther today than most

didn't keep her, what would you this child before?"was the quesgirls her age do in a year. Maybe

do, now honest?"tion which flashed across the mind she'll sleep all day tomorrow.

"Gracious, Amy! I would have of the kind Miss Eunice, even beWonder I didn't run over her, she

to let her stay all night anyway. fore Dr. Locke spoke. was that close to the road. I'll

I'd wrap her in one of my gowns "I've brought you another take a look at her in the morning."

and tuck her in with me. If she daughter,"he laughed. "Sit down, 'Til give her supper,"the

were little, like you, it would be a child. You're here, so you can let mothering instinct was always upreal wrap around, wouldn't it?"loose of that tin box and rest your permost in Miss Eunice. "Have

Miss Eunice laughed, for she never arm."you had any supper?"

had time to count her calories. "But Dr. Locke, who—where "Granny gev me bread, an'

and why?"cried Miss Eunice. "I hawg meat, but ets all gone. Ets

girls in this way. can't take right ter No a smart ways youns passed to her on JHE letter. she's Perhaps clothes; no house."the natural Knowing she years twelve For room.own away."reticence of folks, mountain Miss rerun the failed to pray for neverhad

turn of the lost Pamela. While "I picked her up about ten miles Eunice asked no further questions,

Judge Harrison had tabooed the out. She'd lain down beside the but fed her youngest charge some

subject in his own home, and Echo light food, washed off the surface was afraid to discuss it, Miss dirt and wrapped her around in

Eunice watched and waited and one of her own voluminous prayed. Many girls of varied types gowns.

had sought the shelter of Harrison "Weuns nary takes our clothes

Home during those twelve years, all off,"volunteered the child when but none had ever answered the the night gown appeared. "Just

description of the missing child. the top dress. Weuns ain't got no

But on this eventful night, as Miss white quilts,"she looked with awe

Eunice turned off her own light, at the sheets and pillows. And as

there came an urgent ring of the blessed sleep crept quickly upon bell. her, she muttered, "I can't tote wa-

"I just feel it's the twentyfirst ter ter night Pa, I's thet weary."

girl,"cried crippled Amy. "O Miss

Eunice, do let me come down too!"

A:,S soon as the child

slept, Miss Eunice hurried down to

JjUT Eunice Harrison inspect the precious box. Why had

scarce heard her. On the porch Steve Turner sent his child to her?

stood an oddly assorted pair. Dr. There was no lock upon the box,

Locke, the good, kindly physician but the lid stuck as if rusted, and who had ministered to the many it took considerable strength to pry

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 331

it open. Finally, out on the table that out ahead of time. Are you

fell a complete outfit of clothes for going to keep the child?"

a small infant. Little white kid "She's yours,"flashed Eunice.

shoes, silk hose, an embroidered "She even looks like Portia, only dress, a cashmere bonnet. coat and smaller, thinner."weaker and WildRose she's All were expartly mildewed and insistent "Since are so and you

uded a musty, stale odor. In the By H. EDWARD BRIDGE my breakfast is cooling, I must

toe of one shoe Miss Eunice found disillusion you, Eunice. Last June

a delicately wrought gold locket when I supposedly went fishing in and chain. She recognized it inJL'M just a wildrose. Montana, I really went to attend

stantly as one of the pair she had All I have to offer the funeral of Pamela Harrison.

given her brother's babies at their Is perfume sweet She lies buried in a little mountain christening. She did not need to And soft mossy ground cemetery. Aged twelve years, six

open the locket to know the word Around me, months. I erected a modest but

engraved be "Pamela"would suitable monument. So that chapfor within, did so, but she the pure For tiny baby feet ter is closed."

joy of double assurance. To dance on.

as cried Eunice, Miss "Oh,"Eunice, gasped OH,"cheeks, tears her "no coursed down of some for the funeral to "You paid tried never Steve Turner wonder kill James. He took a deeper reother child!"

foster parvenge. Oh, the poor, forlorn little "The people—her

thing! They have dyed her hair ents, telegraphed me collect. They

a wreck, of did taken Miss Eunice her from had death. to nearly her worked and BUT survivor. her for the reverence the sole which she was toe not hold are bleeding one and hands Her

is all black. Oh James, and Echo brother which he had instilled into They kept her until she died.

and Portia, the lost is found! My his wife. "I've seen him shave Measles I think, or maybe pneuprayers are answered! I'll wait before,"she retorted, taking a bit monia. Really, I was so glad to

till morning and bring them all of pleasure in disturbing his careful have the long uncertainty ended, I over together. What a rejoicing we plans. "Come with me, Echo. asked few questions. I paid the

will have!"Such news! James, Echo, I've bills, paid the good people who had found Pamela! Your lost baby kept her and hastened home. Now

has come back. She has come to Portia's future will not be menaced

Harrison Home. I have her in my with the uncertainty of a possible

1 HE Hon. James F. home; in my bed, in my night double."

at morning every shaved Harrison Portia, Get come and gown. again. Eunice gasped "Oh,"at breakfasted seventhirty. He wild one gave quickly!"Echo this time? credulous was "Who twelve week, a days eight, seven the conglance toward backward the that proof see any you Did he year. After what a months effaced quietly couch venient and lost Did baby? your child was had patience"he "endless termed little the herself drama by from engraved locket a produce they the Echo teaching in succeeded pro-? Harrison fainting. F. James like Portia? she look Did Pamela fine the eggs, boiled soft of nicety cheek. lather the other to ceeded the wreck? into get she did How toast and between brown point

see "Eunice, are too her?"sentimental you you Did of superiority the andburned, for words. overbur- some Has have might Eunice, you "Really, eightfruit. At grape overnight inveigled dened mountaineer you been you attorney had an made an for Portia tutored he thirty into his flock? taking of one is Or dead, and child a But man. my tuhe thought least hehour. At tourist prehas indigent is! auto some she I where God, know thank not could Since he Portia.tored vailed a credulity with your upon unhas uncertainty terrible This this determined was a son, hehave likely story? about not worry Do years, and for now nerved me fill the should daughtersurviving will revive she promptly."Echo; to a menace to become threatened reserved life of scheme his inniche

for the boy. Portia, however, had Portia's youth. I will not come to

foundling. see your to your home conif plans private, defined,well at gazed Eunice not I would ago, years I told you MiLISS ten future. At hercerning own in her brother astonishment. deseif you old home enter my to court, sat ready inthe judge she pleaded, not "Jimmy,""I'm come will it. not Echo crated

mete out justice, unfavored with joking. I have the child your either. And please, do not make

mercy. child. I have the clothes she wore Portia's life unpleasant by thrustOn the morning following Miss when she disappeared. The stocking this child in her face. Keep ings shoes, the and bonnet and is not if she choose, but her, you discovery, the judgeEunice's had

I coat, her, locket the gave with the struck Harrison/'He Pamelajust cheek lathered one when it, a her they engraved upon name brush his shaving with basin wash arat the front ringsharp door all are there! will beyou Now gesture he the same with much voice of attention.rested his The lieve come?"and his striking used have when would aprapidlyan excited woman is felt clever a gavel. impostor,"one Eunice a "Some desk with

proached his sanctuary, despite added James. "No wonder you herself dismissed. She cast a quick

Echo's pleadings. "Please wait unbelieved. You are sentimental and glance toward the prone Echo. A

til he finishes shaving, Eunice. I'll credulous. Undoubtedly these flutter of half closed lids gave her

-**k him to hurry."people, whoever they are, figured (Continued on page 362)

Legends of the Wasatch ffly HENRY F. KIRKHAM

When the World was Youn SAT one wonderful summer An allegory describing Lake Bonneville and the mystery of Great

the Gods they worshiped, and the destruction of the Tribes.I piereve, thatat sundown,stretches towardupon thethe Salt Lake, Introducing the Mortal, the Gentle Spirit, the Cliff Dwellers,

west. sky The was aglow with

even the glory Not of O-te you be instructed and your heart all the exquisite colors rainof the Is half so wonderful at peace."bow. limpid The waters the of the smile."of thy wonder As

Salt Lake reflected, like a giant mirror, the streaming banners of vexed. if was this be And not vyTE N<lOW, the sun and threw the upon snowvexed, great O-te the treason to when was the gods, greater whatclad east, peaks to the a soft pink, hills trembled. this injury the of For could god conceive? mind indescribably beautiful. the mountains time for had dwelt even O-te, he although loved Not

As I sat there, alone and at peace immemorial in the vast solitude of Naki for his previous devotions, with the world, the magic of the the towering summits. could overlook this bold affront.

moment dawned upon me and I Now O-te was angry because of Therefore O-te was vexed and, in togrew musing about the mysfact, inclined to repeat catasthat NaKi, a of the simple young man the tery of great lake and to wontrophe of the long tribe ago. But broodof that beside mortals dwelt

it first to be. der how came No there (and he time had much of the towering the shadow suming

rivers of note fed it; not any rivif for brooding anything mits. I know NaKi, beloved of the tribe.

ers drained it. And, yet, beyond First in war; first in the chase; about the eternal hills), O-te rethe memory of man it endured strong; leaping as the deer; beaumembered the faithful homage of

in all its crystalline purity. tiful as the eagle in flight. the balance of his worshipers, and

But, sad to relate, NaKi had resolved to wreck his anger only departed from the faith of the upon this young man so rapturstill- out ously of inspired the love. of A:lND fathers longer and beno dancedness the of hour the came answer. Accordingly, O-Te summoned fore fire, the ceremonial lay nor

IPerhaps bear, the can Bruno, Pisca, and the sacred first the altar upon the fruits slumbered—who

tell? this I But fish, that gave out know and for commands Naof spring. the vain In the Wiseof those limpid waters there Ki's destruction. sloweven For O-te tribe of the reasoned Men withly a formed spirit of exceeding respect for this had young man's NaKi warned and his of himloveliness. salt the of agility Out spume, so and provided a double danger. Nay, not his only ownas airy as and as dainty a floating assurance his that revenge would danger, peril the but entire the of

cloud, this immortal drifted complete. indeed It was a nigh tribe, been for O-te had to be known presentlyand came to crafty stand before soon plan as NaKi found rain destruction, in ancient times, and spokeme with his a voice as the sorrow, for returning homeupon the whole for such acts of totinkling bells. of small the along ward narrow mountain religious indifference.

"Oh, mortal; passing this way, "But that was very long ago,"trail, his eyes still obscured by the

mayhap, for the last time, I pause quoted NaKi. "And very likely vision of Leme's loveliness, he

at the inner yearning of one who oldmen's tales and not true after came upon Bruno, the bear, too remembers the things of the past. all."So he took no heed and late to make effective resistance.

Alas! gone are those days of long gave his thoughts only to the fair And, moreover, Bruno was the

ago; gone the race of mortals who Leme. For, know you, NaKi largest bear that ever existed. It

worshiped in spirit; gone are the was inspired of love, a love that certainly looked bad for our hero.

wonders of that mighty sea that filled his soul with utmost bliss ran for leagues around; gone the and left no room for other things. JDUT the gods that

warm southern breezes, the green Indeed, NaKi must have lost his protect lovers and fools, at this verdure of the hills and the simple wits completely, else why should stage of affairs, took a very active folks who dwelt therein. he have stood at the very portals part. No less than to launch

"All are gone! So must I go of O-Te's retreat and taunt that Cupid's own dart into the very

to join those gods who once lived great god with the praise of anheart of Bruno, so that Bruno utwithin this favored spot and loved other? terly forgot his mission, and, in"

and were beloved by the race of stead of slaying Naki, straightman when the world was young. "Oh, Leme, the lily way fell in love with him. It is

Shall we come again? I cannot Beautiful as the morning. not recorded how this little god of

as the driven snow,tell. ere But, I depart to that Pure love all. got the into at picture He are eyes like stars, Thine the eveningregion blessed, of the will I speak did in wise belong to the no gods lips as the setting sun. Thy

of those golden days and so shall None can compare to thee of this place and anyway had no

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 333

business to interfere in the affairs gasping on the shore. There may

of a brother god. But be that as they be seen to this day by one

it may NaKi came safely home who cares to see.

nor did* he even know the closeYet was the violence of O-Te's nessof his escape. wrath overdone. Through one of

Also, you may be assured that these gigantic rents the waters of

O-te was in nowise calmed when the great lake poured down to the the news of this miscarriage of mother of waters, so that none was justice came to his notice. Nor left. And with the waters went

did he forget Bruno's part in the the soft southern wind, and, in affair as you will presently perplace of the green and balmy verceive. "However, Pisca, the fish, dure, came the icy blast from the

will not fail me,"said he. Yet, far north, covering even the snug

Pisca did most sorely fail him, retreat of the great god with a which goes to show that even gods bleak mantle of snow. And when

may be mistaken. It happened in O-Te saw the mischief his foolish

this wise: anger had wrought, he wept great

tears of sorrow. Salt tears that,

streaming from those immortal the Namorrow N eyes, to the ran down O set lake to great repaired to the Ki the salty and formed sea—solower levelswonnets, for his to next NaKi LeMe this derful night. summer

loved to fish and hunt. Now this * * *

was the time on which Pisca had counted and lurking there in the "But,"said I, "how can this depths of the lake he av/aited the tale be true? There are no such

proper moment to accomplish the gods as these."The gentle spirit

end of NaKi. But NaKi, singanswered not at all but slowly

ing his song of love, suddenly beruno the bear was cast down and melted into the glory of the setthought of a tryst with that same destroyed while, Pisca the fish lay ting sun.

beloved one and, forsaking his nets, made rapidly for the shore.

Pisca perceiving this, was forced time proper before the action to Birthday of the Relief Society the settling into so blundered and nets and became entangled therenTHE Relief Society of the Church work resumed. The ward Relief

in and thus failed as completely 1 of Jesus Christ of Latterday Societies were later linked together in his mission as had Bruno. And Saints was organized March 17, in stake groups, and further solidiNa-Ki came safely to his beloved. 1842, by the Prophet Joseph fied in a central organization by

Here, again, it may have been Smith, at Nauvoo, Illinois. EighPresident John Taylor on June

the work of the little god. Who teen women were present, consti19, 1880.

can tell? But you may be sure tuting the charter membership, From the beginning, the Relief

that this double miscarriage did from among whom the officers Society has been a philanthropic nothing to assuage the wrath of were selected. The instructions society, as it is expressed in the

the great god. On the contrary given by the great organizer were words "to manifest benevolence."

it aroused him to a jealous fury. that the Society should care for Today its membership of 62,550

And when O-Te rose in fury, woe the poor, minister to the sick, women are being trained for social to the simple folks who dwelt in comfort the sorrowing, teach welfare work, for motherhood, for the shadows of the mountains! righteousness and build up and homemaking, and for all other

Great rents ran down the granstrengthen the morals of the duties consistent with Latterday ite hills, great avalanches of stone community. These have always Saint ideals. Many homes have

poured down the mighty summits. been the fundamentals of the work, been made better and happier

The waters of the great lake boildeveloped today into a society for through the work of this splendid religion benevolence, of the pure education and and progsociety, and hoted in travail—spouting ress to spoke, unexcelled Apostle which the James among women.furious the Hot blasts (where now

Springs peacefully run) and lashThe membership in the Relief visit the fatherless and the widows >ng the shore with giant waves. Society increased very rapidly from in their affliction, and to keep unthe time of its organization. After spotted from the sins of the world,

the martyrdom of the prophet, and has been gloriously exemplified by

A).LAS! for the poor, the expulsion of the people from these women in their devotion to

puny race of mortals at the base! their homes, it ceased to function the benevolent tasks assigned them,

Alas; for the golden age! Not one in an organized way until the and in the uprightness of their lives.

of that faithful tribe escaped deSaints were established in their new The Mutual Improvement Asstruction save only NaKi and his homes in the Salt Lake valley. sociation extends to the Relief Sobeloved. They, from that very Following the establishment of ciety sincere appreciation of the

tryst I have before mentioned, dewards under the direction of Preswork it has done in the past, and parted swiftly and securely to a ident Brigham Young, the society wishes for it success and joy to place of safety in a far place. Even was again organized and the good come

Recreation in the Home in

Music swer it he must sing or whistle the

If that he cannot he tune. do andDrama Music

shell, the in slumbers of music Soul"The forfeit. a pay must been plans of have A NUMBER master's the 'Till by and kindled wakened "** chilto familiarize devised spell the Giving Opera With

lighthearts but feeling touch them as well, And good dren, with and adults Phonograph several games, are There A thousandly—pour melodies unheard in give instruction too, which an HHIS—Rogers.before!"music.

entertaining interesting and be adaptedis a suggestionto the usewhichof a gathmay manplan neighbors. ner. of vital ering than The morePERHAPS tell a narrator in consists having is social the thing other any Contest Music Memory opera, records the of story the an of rhythm. born atmosphere

contest is a airs in music being played various the of memory in 'T'HE cooperates whichThe family of familiarizing sequence. popular correct and means Boys the purthe for savingplanning and

the of musipeople with the other girls bestknown or members instrumusical ofpose buying list cal selections. fairly faleading of the assume group may A therein will find harmonyments or miliar singing the family compositions roles, posing, not on but peospirit purpose.of and Young

the records, parts being chief phonograph the with speaking, gravitateple toward munaturally author's of the author and the phonograph. taken The by

sic in which name dancing. and A home attached, is nationality in a pamphlet, described be preplan may orchestra, phonograph,the family

to sented each of the the famwith PhonoOpera member Giving for dancmusic providesor radio ily. free three evening or secured an be two graph, which On may rugs floors the whiching from on

is later, a each person given weeks the National Bucharge of from soin a rolled beenhave back—or pencil the paper while of one of the and for reau Advancement Muthecial in which home room—the Street, the pieces plays sic, various family on 45th 45 New West the to are familiar melodiesold

list, either the victhe piano or City. on York are songs sungchildren and new

trola. are they othplayed, the As to the the homeby the in parents—is Radio Home The ers the write the of names down will girls turn boys andwhich compositions, composer comand activre- musical of forms for pride "V\7HILE love happy andwith

poser's nationality. one The who ** ities take children in parattitude of whichlaxation. The

correct the has most answers may preferred, are active be to part an making toward willents do much receive a musical prize of some is of of a radio attractiveness the proving form theor marring as a piece such kind of music new is signifirecreation whichthe home home.

is or a record. score on made A is It elevates the experience of cant. fine music many to Listening

the soul. It lends an influence of accuracy of spelling as well. It is families that their younger memgentle culture and is a great facsuggested that the correct answer bers can be counted on to be at

tor in one's education. for the composition counts four home when certain features are be-

a story hour, ing points—the three—the broadcast—a nationality, the spellspecialTMETICIANS have stated that or other two—andcomposer, musical program

*7 when the atmosphere of the ing, one. features which have become popuhome becomes intense from fricThe old songs may be used in lar with them.

tion of one kind or another faulty a similar way, the one at the piano The radio has taken its place as digestion results. Some have also playing three or four lines of each a feature of common interest to

advocated strongly the use of mufamiliar air and the others trying the family as a whole.

sic to relieve such tension and to to guess the name of each piece.

of conatmosphere about an Rhythmicalbring Songs and Music Composers Spontaneous restIs more anything Expressiontentment.

ful to the overtaxed mother or 'T'HE children may help in makthe tired father than good music? * ing up this game. Questions TN addition to the foregoing,

there are features of natural mube written on music there about that may observed specialist hasA expression are invaluwhich as sical cards such small numbered cases of delinbe fewerwould quency in adolescents if there were "Who Wrote Dixie?""Who able. Children love to dance and

more music in the home during wrote the words to Home Sweet should be encouraged to move to childhood. There should be much Home?"The questions and their rhythm. Clapping in time, walksimple but good music with markanswers are then written on a large ing to the music, improvising

ed rhythm to which they might piece of paper. The cards are disdances to radio or phonograph, all

play or dance. Many musical tributed equally among the playdevelop a sense of rhythm, and

stories might be dramatized to the ers and the one who distributes help to make music a part of the music. Songs should be sung with them holds the paper with the individual.

contents within the children's questions and answers on it. The The Toy Symphony

grasp that they might understand player at the left of the distributor and learn to sing them. Musical picks up one of his cards and asks 'T'HE toy symphony is one form

activities within the home will lend the question written on it. If he * of musical expression which

not only beauty but spice to all can answer the question he may can be developed in the home and home activities. keep the card. If he cannot anwhich will afford much entertain-

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 333

ment for the children. Most of for himself or his playmate. This Book Company, 100 Washington Square,

the equipment for this may be includes the Backyard Circus, adEast, New York City.

bought at 5 and 10 cent stores as mission one pin, and the highly rence.Little 37Dramas,effectiveby Skinnerdramatizationsand Lawof

follows: two sticks with sleigh inventive plays in which dolls and well known stories. Easy to prepare

bells attached, 20c; three small teddy bears are the actors. Chiland produce. American Book Company.

Stories to Act, Gillespy Frances bybells, 30c; are tinhead small one dren always they happy when

3 Wickes. 6 plays including North The kettle lids 25c;drum, can (cymhave two of adults, an audience at Play, Fairy Wind Shoemaker, The

bals), 20c; small 25c; xylophone, will watch they them while who the Jack Beanstalk, and the and Water

small warbler whistle (water) do their pet tricks, with one of the Baby. Beautifully illustrated. Rand

10c. Bars of tool steel or metal children acting as announcer for McNally 8 Co., 42 East 22nd St., New

triangles, hit with hammers add each act. A curtain which can be York City.

an interesting note. At a music drawn between the acts adds greatFor Children of Ten Years

store two metal tambourines may ly to the fun. and Older

be purchased at 40c each. The Fairy Plays for Children, by Mabel

steel bars may be replaced by addirRESSING up is another phase F. Goodlander, Six familiar fairy tales

been have in put dramatic this in formtional bells tones. of different has of dramatic play which Some

book, Hlonest The Mistress Woodcutter,of these bells triendless children. used as for If the charm may be Gives a Mary Party, Garden Pine The

angles by removing the clapper and family is fortunate enough to have Tree, The House in the Woods, The striking them with a piece of an attic with a trunk full of old Elves and the Shoemaker, Snow White metal. It is also possible to use fashioned costumes, the child will and Rose Red, King Midas or the Golden

two hard wood sticks struck tofind plenty to do on the rainiest Dwarfs,Touch, andSnotvSleepingWhiteBeauty.and theThe Sevenbook

gether to produce a castanet effect. of days. It is a good plan to set also contains excellent illustrations of

Someone who plays the piano aside a trunk or a drawer where scenes and costumes together with music directions and for the dances. Rand clothes, pieces the orchestra. old and of materialmay lead The McNally 8 Co.smallest articles children the various the aid in can learn which Historical Plays for Children, by Gracerhythm by first going through the dressing up can be kept. A large E. Bird and Maud Starling. 15 little

familiar piece selected, humming part of the fun in getting up a plays written around the incidents and traditions of early history. American The lies their clapping in evolving costumesit and and hands on the show

Macmillan Co., 60 Fifth Avenue, Newbeat. setting. Here have an mothers the they be given Then may City. exYork

bars and bells to strike or ring on cellent opportunity to encourage Eight Little Plays for Children, by that beat. The songs and instrusewing and handcraft. Mary may Rose Fyleman. An unusual collection of

whimsical plays dealing the with punishpieces familiar all hate dish towels,mental to most but she making of ment Darby Joan, and dolls, bewitched first enthusiastic after that, the used at over convertwill bemay be kings cabbages, grow who a and goodly following are suggested: Humoring a length of calico into an Insprinkling of fairies to put things to

esque, by Dvorak; Spring Song, dian dress. rights. Doubleday, Doran 8 Co., 244

Mendelssohn; Minuet, PaderChildren should always have Madison Avenue, New York City.

ewski; Minuet, Beethoven; Beaufree rein in staging their plays, no

tiful Blue Danube, Strauss; Stars matter how extravagant their draPuppet Shows

and Stripes Forever, Sousa; March matic expression may be. Grown- "THE making of puppet theatres

of the Marionettes. ups must remember that the deis a project which children

of dramatics family velopment greatly enjoy. It a be may made Ukuleles Harmonicas and rest entirely in the should hands delightful occupation. home

children. choice of the of The ukulele the stage harmonica and The a built beHPHE may on direccasting, the plays, even the are instruvery popular frame two of work inch 2x4 wood, leadertheir tion should be under are easy to play. inches long,ments which 42 inches 24 wide and offering ship, the no grownupsLeaflets to the inches Play Hardeep. 24 on are Theatres usuHow

are unless suggestions they urged ally secured built be frommonica the M. on size may same frame so. to do Inc., City, work, and butHohner, idea York any New be used may

courses in Ukulele playing are to in the ornamentation of the stage. following contain books Beaverbe obtained at music stores. HTHE board serves for sides, the especially plays adapted to the front, back floor and stage. of the

dramatics. of development home scenes, are The which painted on Drama are inexpensive, All only of them heavy cardboard, will depend upcents. eighty one costing than more has alwaysCTORYTELLING on the play to be suggested.

* been one of the popular pasFor Young Children Take a roll curtain, cut a piece times in the home, and drama, of broom handle the size of the

Bryce. Catherine ChildLore, brings the by imaginationwhich T. and space between the uprights, two

tales are basis the simple Folk of thesespirit it, carries of storyplay with a bore small hole in the uprights field plays in creatures the and which oftelling a step further. acting Play about half inch an live forest childfrom the top intimate with terms on

is natural to young children and hood. 27 plays are included in the book. and screw in two straight curtain

Scribner's Charles Sons, Fifth chilresults Avthe 597 funmuch when hooks, bending one of to them City. York New dressdren such enue, act out and up a handle. this fasten a To of for Little Plays Actors, Book by make stories assimple Riding Hood, Red strip of cloth for the curtain L. Johnston Madalene and and Emma

Cinderella, The Three Bears and Barnum. 19 splendidly dramatized little put a small wooden strip across the

plays to from 10 in length. minutesothers 20 they are familwith which so bottom it will unroll. small A collection includes PussyCat, SleepTheiar. loop of cord can be fastened to ing Beauty, Piper's the Son, AbraTom of the first phases of One drama the handle to hold the Lincoln Little curtain the Bird, and ham The

is that which every child builds Spider and the Fly and others. American when it is rolled up.

336 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

The Puppet TN manipulating the puppets, the Other Uses of Drama * strings may be tied to the finfact children respond that they or or one hands gers of both HPHE doll puppets made may beRAG to the completely old of fingers quickly the to and be sewed may children's white small from stockings with straight legs. The cotton gloves. A simple way is game of makebelieve should never

simplest way to make the doll is to tie the strings to a stick about be forgotten by parents. Much

to turn the stocking wrong side the size of a foot ruler, which is tiresome preaching and correcting out, cut off the toe and run a gathsuspended around the operator's is easily displaced by the more enering thread by the open side of neck, a heavier cord attached to tertaining and equally effective the heel, fastening the edges toeach end. The stick hangs as low method of pretending. The matgether securely, turn the stocking as the operator's chest and as he ter of mealtime manners, for exright side out and fill the heel with leans over the stage the weight of ample, can be either a nightmare or

cotton wadding to make the head the doll is supported on this stick, a pleasant diversion, according to of the doll. As puppets must be leaving the operator's hand free to the degree in which drama is

limber, there should be no padmove the string as he desires. The brought into play.

ding at any of the joints. Conlines are usually spoken by the The wellknown picture of a

sequently the neck should be sewed operators who move the marioflurried mother punctuating the rebetween the two thicknesses of nettes about the stage. marks of other members of the

stocking below the head. Next, Animal puppets may be made family with an unfailing "John,

fill the chest, but not too full, and from material by the yard and the your mouth is too full"or "Mary, again sew a row of stitches across tails are usually made of wire covwhere are your elbows,"becomes the body to break it between the ered with wool or cloth, the bodso matterof-fact to the children legs. The lower part of the body ies, heads, legs and tails being that the details of discipline fail to

should be stuffed with cotton made separately and sewed toimpress them and they subconheavily laden with shots, dress gether. sciously classify the disciplinarian

weights and other small weights. Stories which lend themselves as one who chronically disregards

A seam should be sewed across the readily to use in puppet theatres the essentials of politeness at table;

body before the legs are made. The are The Three Bears, Hansel and for a very young child is able to

doll must be kept in proportion so Gretel, the Ugly Duckling, Chickfeel that there is some discrepancy the next step is to judge how long en Little, Little Red Riding Hood, between the theory of faultless tathe piece of stocking for legs and Puss in Boots, and similar stories. ble behavior and the practice of unfeet should be. Cut off any extra interrupted and pointed criticism.

stocking below the feet and split Peep Shows On the other hand a little drama the leg through the center to the can do much to offset this condibody. Sew up the doll's side and A PEEP Show is another detion. "Let's play that Mother is

put in the cotton from the bottom. * lightful home project which the queen of England, and we are

Keep the legs limp without padgives a chance for the young child all visiting dukes and duchesses.

ding at knee or ankle. Run a row to express initiative while cultiAnyone who talks like a commonof stitching at each of these joints. vating the use of the hands. er must divide dessert with the

Weight feet heavily and sew the The material which is necessary lordliest among us;"or "We'll all

seam under each foot from front consists of a shoe box, or if perbe poets during this meal, and to back to make the length from manency is desired a small woodeverything must be said in rhyme."

toe to heel. en box, a little paste, some tissue These affairs are great fun, one of

The arms are made separately paper, scissors and drawings, and the most interesting features being and sewed on with the hands pictures from magazines. the planning for the next one.

scene, consisting of drawThe weighted the usual and with seam little this play would Naturally varipictures objects ings, of and at wrist elbow, but and without beas to presented often so be not as houses, ships, toy such kinds ous in cotton the upper arm. The being tiresome, not but come when in the assembled be bottom at should collapse whole should puppet plentiful; are devices other done, side the walls box. of may The joint. every

little assignments as such making colored crayor be painted with

Each doll should be dressed acons to provide the setting. After ahead of topics to be discussed

cording to its part in the show and the show has been assembled, sky which would crowd out unpleasdifferent expressions may be oblights are cut in the cover and ant features.

tained lines by adding over pasted so paper in the face colored them idea of applepeel- Pioneer The or building nose. on the colored light right shines that the bees, quilting ing, and husking

The stringing of the dolls is a on each part of the scene which which mixed work and play with problem. Strings of heavy black may be painted lengthwise of the sociability, was one which could

linen thread are sewed in place box with three peep holes cut in well be adopted in every home as after the doll is dressed. For the side. Characters from the a basis of true home recreation.

women and little girls there are funny papers may be pasted over Friendly contests in performing arranged cardboard and scenes diversions tasks, interesting given usually attached the the to four—one in different boxes. in sequence is being to introduce while work top of the the head, one between

back to the shoulders and one on Note: A book which will be found done, all contribute to the joy of

each arm above the wrist. For very helpful in making puppets, peep living, which joy should permeate

similar in staging other forms and its is to fill if the the home, home boys, greatly and it adds men is the entertainment to ofshows, and Boy Showman its in the lives of rightful place the have leg strings attached bepublished E. Entertainer Rose, A. by by

low the knees. P. Dutton and Company. occupants.

Vanguard Leather Stunts By A. A. ANDERSON

Scout Executive, Timpanogos Council

Leather Stamping

First Step

of the most fascinatingONEof simple handicrafts is leather stamping, especially if every step from the making of stamping tools to dressing up the finished article is followed in detail. The wide variety of articles

that can be made and decorated adds to its attraction.

Belts, camera cases, ax and knife sheaths, first aid kits, archery quivers, arm guards, blotter corners, photograph mounts, bill folds, purses, bag tag holders and watch fobs are projects in this art.

Making Tools for Leather Stamping wood with a pair of pliers. (Fig. TTiE pinetree and the shell'

\AATERIAL and Tools: 20 3.) stamps, (A and B in Fig. 4)

* * penny common wire nails, have a wide variety of uses. As

one 8 in. flat mill file, one No. 4 'T'HE stamping tools used in a border decoration along outside

jeweler's threecornered file, one decorating articles shown in lines on belts, camera cases and jeweler's rattail file. One center Fig. 1 are six in number. (See other decorated areas requiring a

tree; effect, also as rosettes many B—shell; borderpunch. Fig. 4.) A—pine

Procedure: If a vise is not available, drive the nail into a good

sized stick of wood or a stump of convenient height. (Fig. 2.)

Use the flat mill file to shape the nail head into the outside dimenas:sions; be sure to work the head C—basket weave; D—three dot; combinations are possible, suchdown to small shapes or your E—one dot; F—star. While represented on the articles illus-

. Fig. 6 also showswork will be out of proportion there is a much greater variety of trated in Fig. 1

and look bad. The No. 4 jewelstamps made these six will comcombinations. Rosette (B) is

er's file is used to work the fine prise a good allround working set produced by stamping nine inside lines into the face of the stamp. to start with. the circle and nine outside the cirThe rattail file is used to shape Method of shaping and filing cle. Rosette (D) is made by

the hollow rounding lines on the the nails illustrated in Fig. 5. stamping twelve impressions, six

stamps. When the stamp is fininside and six outside alternately.

ished it may be removed from the The basketweave design shown in panels C, and F, if carefully done and properly lined will have a woven pattern which is very effective for designs needed for covering considerable space.

The star stamp (F in Fig. 4)

is used for terminating the intersection of a double creased border.

(See Fig. 6.)

The three dot background"Fid -a- F/ri-3- stamp (D in Fig. 4) is used incarved ornamentation for stampFtGS-

338 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

ing tool into the leather to a depth that will give a clear impression, but not so deep as to cut it.

the end of a corset Third Step r/ff-7- steel or other hard metal. Coloring

Moisten leather surface decoration of the with water using HT HE leather should be completed only such amount before application to the making as will readily be design or background. The surabsorbed, as leather too moist will face should be slightly moistened

not retain impresbefore applying the color.

ing down the background surface sions permanently. Round the Liquid dye or a wash of water

of the leather which makes the beveled edge with the creaser. color paint may be applied with

design and initials stand out as Sketch G, Fig. 10. A good creaser a soft camel's hair brush. Permit

shown in Fig. 7. may be made out of a nail by hameach application to dry before successive are ones made. Experiment filing mering and it into inshape one stamp background The scraps leather of detill the with dicated in sketches in F, A to in useful in Fig. (E, 4) isdot is sired shade obtained. Polish Fig. 10. of initials corners havingmaking soft flannel cloth. dry with when

less than a right angle as found (Fig. 11)in letters, A, M, N, V, W, X, Y,

131 Dennison's colored sealing wax liquified alcohol makes in wood 3} A 8 C D E P V coloring leather. good effect on Ap-

'"THE creased design, (shown in ply with a soft camel's hair brush, * sketches A, E, F, G, H, Fig. trnZ>—let dry and repeat the application

G until desired shade is obtained.

or a creaser with made6) are polish dry with soft flannel When or nutpick atracer, from made to be stamped should a [EATHER cloth. (Fig. 11)

a into workedpiece of hard wood as be as moist specified in the blunt knifelike shape. This methcreasing operation. If the water

od of decoration may be used oozes out when the stamps are apalone or with stamped designs. plied, it is too wet and should be

The lines are first traced with penlaid aside until water has disapcil and ruler, then made deeper bypeared.

leather is moistretracing when the A/S-//. the leather should stamping For

results. impressionso that a lasting surplaced be hard on a smooth,

(See Fig. 8.) face which will not dent under Bibliography: Handbook of CraftLester Griswold work ($.50), 623 Park tool. the slab of stamping A Terrace, Springs, Colorado Colo.; Leathis is excellent; hard marble wood ercraft Graton ($.10), Co., Knight 8

also suitable. Use a wooden malWorchester, Mass.; Leatherwork ($.85),

let to strike the stamp in making Mickle, Manual Arts Press, Peoria, 111.;

Leathercraft and Leatherwork Merit impressions. metal hammer A Badge Pamphlets each. ($.20) Boy the stamps and will mushroom Scouts of America, 2 Park Avenue, New

FIG 8 spoil your work. Drive the stampYork City.

Second Step

TW"ITH the tools now made, the Leisure Hours its is leather step next and shall with America both do grownups children and to T\7HATpreparation stamping. for Cow- ** her increasing find time? spare selfexpression activithrough

callleather, straphide sometimes ties shorter, hours for their working As grow spare hours? the At

is skirting, light for bested saddle shall opportunities what our towns National 16th Recreation Congis calf alsostamping. Tooling cities ress, offer to use people help recently, and held six delhundred

if is a used, qualitygood but heavy their leisure wisest to the egates hapand their exchanged ideas and latter the care takenwith be must piest experiences. are advantage? Children included not They cut deep to toonot stamp and

professional direcrecreation world. growing up to a new How onlythrough.

educators, tors, but social workers, the can the school and community

In making belts, camera cases, best train them not only for vopublic officials, and men and womsheaths and similar articles, place cations, but for hobbies and recreen of many professions who are the leather on a table or other level ational interests that will stay with serving on recreation boards or surface the removehard and advancing the movement upthem through life? otherwise strapper edge a bevwith on the for public play in their communieler as in Fig. 9. Beveler can be How much and what kind of ties.

made by filing a sharp notch in guidance in play will best help (Continued on page 360) r;

Hosanna! Hallelujah!

Centennial Anthem.

Words and Music by Evan Stephens.

Congregaf:ion.

ff > a fe Ho - sanna, Hal - leSoprano obligafo. san - na. Hal - leNa-J5LimBMet. J=*84. Ho - san

> > ff A—fe H—l-r: N—fe -—&r3hz s-st-s- te 1 3=3 -#i #-iW EBB

Halle - na! - lu - jah! Halle - lehalr r* - lu - jah! Choir. Ho - san - na! Ho - san aHo sanna.

ff A A A A 4 4 i i ii -s—- i =P—f—x—F= 5E SS- -*—p- i i l f m f h rr-r—k raPj-, i | j 1 j-rrT4

-#-#33T--li&SE 2 ril I i i -*-*-+ S3@g|e: -<2 is: cpzpzzp: i =F # j: SI<5 res sempre stacati.

&- -<S- r

JVi (* -F-J=1- -#——#- -r—#-

lu jah! With heart and voice u nit rag, Ho san - na, hal - le lu - jah, In

lu jah! Our souls to joy in vit ing, Ho san - na, hal - le lu - jah, In

-<s>-:t i zb=?=* m# -&- 4>

na—.. Hal le - lu jah. In

5- 4-4 -zd-g"=1 -+ Tt 3 fe A1 -3—-g-pg- f—#- 1——B jah, With heart and voice u r*nit - - 6TCing. Ho - san - na, hal - le lu - jah, rIn rlu jah, Our souls to joy in vit - - ing, Ho - san - na, halal -- lele - i

jPJi t- ** t- -p-3- frtSgBE i I r r-r a ==g'- r S HN4=F fee J =Sia rr rt =t #t!=* = *=* t?

r -? N v

340 The Improvement Era for March, 1930 T g H-- -<s>- h -Jtl zz=Et=Iri=: m \-=r&- r-l- 3: 3=1

Lord, ac - ]oy - ous cord, Hog- | lu - jah We sing to the. <C> Ho - sanA - na,A halA - le-A

G>- -&- fte= w- X- t joyous ac - cord Howm| We sing to the Lord, Ho - san - na, hal le- *E "V"=F T C A 3=* z=:2 tzi|-| T=lfc i 1 F I—3#3 &2:=t pi—I

joy - ous ac cord.. Ho - | le - jah. We sing to the Lord. Ho - san - na. hal le

-i2- '-#--v A A F-A A j'AAA * 4 J *=8 ff -P-=J--f- Ik JfSL. *= l=t: ittbSi fe*2i f

A

-<&-—fS A f-TS? @n

:f= -(S 1- z2fiFli*l Z5 -i- *=fc aCODA.

&- -A- L.fefc 1 e?-:s: -#-=H i

lu - men. Fine. - san - na, Hal le - lu - jah, sing to the siLord. Ho jah, We

t-B> | {vf,1 r,—I- -fc- -&- im *=fc Fl:I

*Cv

1- -J—-ii d 5=.sT TP1za:z?sbz:*=zS: 3Zi j- 1 -<s- -#——(5- '<&-0- 1 5 =3= I—-j

- - - jah, lu Fine. san - na, jah, Hal - le - lu the Lord. sing -i—ipfEto A Ho We

/TV -C2- y—A A* 1: J:

0—f -P- -V—-e? - -I-- IL-K-t:.1 fg:az3: J2Z *-* I mBe IB

CODA.

TRIO. Or choir without soprano.

Alto.:=f 4 R- P5Sefcs: -0-M—0-

Tenor. Sing, ye ran - som'd, Ye ran - som'd of the Lord, Ye who the

-v * *- ut 1ggfefeSBE!:q::*=p= Bass. Sing, ye ran - som'd, Ye ran - som'd of the Lord. UYe who the

S3&'& t=4 =5- 2 4=4 4= l - i* I fe& a., =i—as =zk?:&i P * -—=t4T- I / CJ

J. -<&- H=i -3feS55 4z}- u r I-- t +h C

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 341 poco aecel.

t. - *- JizMz A B!==x=z m

gos - pel re - ceived, and kept His word, Yea. ye pure in heart re - joice,

*S 3*=t *--A -- - d *>—d* f* -ft—ftd p—T d-- *—+ SESStip 3=i=r-

gos - pel re - ceived, and kept His word, Yea, ye pare in heart re joice,

ZZZBZ -3—0-WkZfr U 1 I zt=t S

poco accel.

te -*-—- =:1 I*=5 -5-m *-$—Bm s -m—*-0- -j-

T last 3 #g-*- H"*"3: ->- rm S

a ton.:J=zJ: =t -*—*- =5 -# dT—$ $=r ato!-Kif3E2

Ye who know the Shep - hercPs voice. Sing, sing ye with ioy - ful heart and

-N-V nH—- J d J J- -*—*- -*—J -J. &?* **: =U3= F—ti

Ye who know the Shep herd's voice. Sing, sing ye with joy - ful heart and

-F 1- -<5>- =t - h =4:fc?* f—

a tern.

*- rO:H *- H:

—wV? tem s IS= TtJ—

-&>- *=l=*z s5sp r ct iftf. fl.C.

=: B$te =t aszcS3!$ tft i

voice. Sing ye with glad - ness, With glad ness and re joice.

fc=l fe*=*——ZW=mzx::—*+ I 1 1 H—W—p- =t E

voice. Sing ye with glad - ness, With glad - ness and re - joice.

/ i o> "IV"H- +4- C =1- -'- 1- -W I HyyE=S Rit. D.C. &n- f <c\ q=t:D*: 3* -& i——9—I—0r

t3 * fe -I—- i -f- *Z* Wi f

Stampeded By SILAS L. CHENEY

concerning Dr. young Ludgazed belligerknew MarchHAZEL the sort of low he was just man ently at her mother.

that her anxious daughter she was of you and Dad "No use it should marry. a matBut was bush. the beating around I knowter tact which demanded and exactly off carrying why you're me diplomacy. Certainly Hazel was to declared the canyon,"she petuto not be stampeded. She would lantly. "You're afraid I'm in love

to to be have given a chance choose with so Maurice Blanchard and for herself. Yet it was imperative propose snatching the you burning brand from the fire."that she receive proper guidance

"Hazel, dear, you're mistaken. from some source which, to be effective, must be of an invisible, unin- are becoming youWe are afraid discernible nature.

fatuated, easily lead might and that to something more serious; but Donald March's summer cabin,

love is out of the question since you delightfully rustic as it was, have known him so short a time. formed the only artificial object

To love is to understand and really within a radius of two miles. Yet

blended so well and harmonized which are not itappreciate—feelings designing with the outdoor andacquired upon an impulse."

decorating which nature had lavished about, that it added dis-

I HAT'S the way they tinctly to the general colorfulness used to think, but times have at Upper Falls where everything changed. Today we live 'by heart seemed cool, fresh, fragrant and

throbs, not by figures on a dial,'beautiful. But Hazel, reclining inbut answer one question. me a chair the wicker front porch, on after gazing day at beauty? the bigWhat's objection to Mauday to appreciate her in no was mood I'd rather get out and have a goodrice?"

"He's of one faith, and you are time."surroundings.lessly at the mossSheandsat willowgazing restcov-

of another. Where there is a difered banks of the troutbrook

ference in belief perand training prewin at gurgled her splashed and which Nothingtaining to anything so fundatime. vent your having a good feet; at the pale dark, aspens and

mental as religion, trouble and difThere will be plenty of people not stately pines; at the granite andficulties are bound to arise—if not far from Upper Falls and you can sandstone cliffs towering giganticbefore then certainly after one hike, motor, dance, ride horseback ally above her, basking brilliantly

commences rearing a family. You or almost anything you choose. in the smiles of the morning sun;

are old enough to think seriously Besides if it's romance you're after, and though she looked she scarcely about such matters. You must unas I suspect, you will no doubt saw, for her thoughts were wanderstand and believe what the have the opportunity of trying dering truantly in search of adGospel teaches concerning the imyour wiles on Dr. Ludlow. We venture. She had been there for

portance of marriage?"expect arrive to day any him a nearly dull long, week week—a

shall invite he does when him we as see failed yet to she had and—for

visit at to us the cabin."in she take the anyone could whom don't, MothPLEASE

I'll sure. "If run do you away interest. slightest things makeer. is To depressing. solemnity This

Why not have the next on the I'm not going to be stampeded into worse her parents were working program?"With that she pounced loving someone I've never seen, against her. They were up to

on the piano bench and rattled off especially when you are forcing me their old tricks of keeping all several jazzy selections in rapid to break with Maurice in order to eligibles away until Dr. Ludlow

succession, exercising almost every do so."could be trotted along. At dinner

muscle of her lithe body in de- "But he is handsome, attractive, the day before, her father had casufiant abandonment as she did so. and successful, and is dying to ally mentioned having met a young

"Now, what say? Shall we meet you after seeing your photo."man, driving a sport roadster, who

pack and hie ourselves to the "Well, let him die. I tell you had just rented one of the cabins

beastly canyon?"if I can't choose for myself there at The Meadows, a resort two

"Beastly? Why, my dear girl, will be no choosing done."miles below.

it's beautiful at this time of the "He asked me where he could year."MRS. March made find the best fishing,"he had said.

"I didn't say it wasn't, but no reply. She felt troubled but "I might have told him it was

where's the kick in sitting down not discouraged. From what she excellent up here, but I didn't

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 343

fainting. I covertly through lowered lashes shemuch like his appearance—looked don't blame you for

rather too highlifed, so I inticame near doing the same thing. discovered that he was decidedly

mated that the fishing was good It was the closest call I have ever handsome with dark, wavy hair, down the creek a mile or so."had. Mighty fortunate I was gobrown eyes, and strong, pleasing

ing slowly and traveling uphill features.

instead of down.""You must be the one who in-

1 HE more she thought "Surely was, but, how did I get quired of Dad about fishing yesterabout the incident the more inaway down here? The road is day,"she said. "You're staying

censed she became until, as she quite a distance up there on the at The Meadows, aren't you?"

now sat brooding, she fairly boiled mountain side.""Temporarily,"he replied.

with indignation. "Suppose you guess. You see "And I did inquire about fishing of

"Shooing him away,"she mut- I was obliged to get you to water a certain distinguishedlooking, tered to herself. "We'll see about or the water to you. The one was middleaged gentleman yesterday.

it. because didn't like him other a downhill Dad I recall it his name an uphill the Let me see—as

in I'dhe be interested I chose the knew him. proposition. Naturally March."was

Well, I am."Springing defiantly easier. Other important factors in- "I thought so. It was Dad. He

to her feet she called: "I'm going fluenced my decision also. It was was speaking of you last night."

for a hike. Don't worry if I'm difficult to determine in advance "How delightful. I feel I allate for lunch."how much it would take to revive most know you already, but since

you and besides I was afraid my I'm a stickler for social conventions rebel at transporting hat of an would the formality I insist upon the steps and JjOWN that far."water so: Miss March introduction. And she footbridgeacross the corduroy

tripped, following a path which allow me to present to you Mr.

March."Davis, Mr. Davis—Miss theled directly to highway. main carried have must Davis,'do, Mr. you do H:.E "How ascertain to she lookedHere back then, the hot her blood and I have "Apparently laughed. sheif watching. were Having anyone as reached she her cheeks mounted goodto say in time just you met this herself shesatisfied point upon this conclusion. Well unavoidable going."I be really must for bye deliberately followedturned and certainly. here Smiladventure rise was he effort to an she made As the road course ofthe meandering effort to in ing demurely an and she assistance, but her to sprang present If conduct herdownward. said, she subject "I'm change to staggered aside and waved him parents her quite proper notwas that Gallant, afraid to I able "If feet unaided. am her theMr.—Mr. reasoned. She blame, to Hazelwere is servfuture spoiled for hat your all she right,"alone I'm stand pick to able and been alwayshad ice. that I'll I can't "If. said. know until theycull her company own dear me. is with "My matter the something Miss—Opportunity, old that she decided washad It quite are mistaken. has you are broken, bones my Perhaps some it her. for to for do themenough a received a for christening merely suf- I be or dislocated, spine may so her occupied thoughtsHer mission. Henceimportant more the of concussion fering from the to failed hear she thatwholly it lavlaid shall in forth be away brain."the a around of hornhonking heirto destined endar, an become suffered have you surely hope "I later she wasbend. moment A loom."earnestgenuine injury."The no practically car seeing a athorrified

a sent voice his in concern ness and happened her. Thingsupon face. her neck and to of blood rush brakes screamed, shequickly; not only was E for a gingerly about H She moved against buntedshrieked, agile something also strong possessed but and

freely, concludthen more moment consciousness was thenher, a ready tongue. and Studying him Charlesthe flourish a of ing with cold as to out. came Shesnuffed and as a doughnut ton. "Whole her into being dashedwater was declared. she as a drum,"sound blurryface. seemed Everything

for a minute, then gradually her kneeleyes on a focused young man fortunate,"he To You u"HOW water out dipping beside hering rejoined. know, Miss "Do you

of the creek with his hat. By CLIVE LOVETT CLEAVES March, there is only one calamity

"That's enough!"she gasped I could wish you?"

in she spoke "I think I know,'a day when clouds were idlyas he was about to repeat the chilly 0,'Nremedy. his. serious tone resembling a mock drifting

alive!"heaven you are car your "Thank but it today "You tried

relieved. "I it said greatlyhe think On sunlit grass I lay, stalled. that Well, you I warn

you have given me about as bad a And thought of many things. was your last opportunity."

scare as I did you. How are you I thought of life. "Wrong, wrong, Miss March.

feeling now?"I thought of death, You are deliberately sidestepping

"I'm feeling all right but since And of all that lies between, the issue. As for this being my last

your car ran over me, I must be But, best of all, chance I plead with you to reconsider ultimatum."your think I had better dead.half I—I I thought of you!

at the King doesn't like once.""But whenbe taken home

"I'm satisfied you're not badly the looks of the strange Prince, hurt, perhaps not hurt at all as my what is the poor little Princess to car scarcely touched you. But I do?"

344 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

"Try some of her charms on the would laugh at her if she did. At

lonesome Prince. No doubt she times the newspapers referred to

could change him into something The Hawthorn him and always in a complimenwhich would meet the approval of tary manner. Apparently he was

the haughty King."By STELLA P. RICH winning distinction in society as

"Maybe,"she temporized. "But well as in his profession.

if I don't bestir myself soon there'll gnarled and broken, TWISTED,in the cold Bent wind, March trail. a searchingbe party on my

Dejected, the creek side by IReally, goMr. Davis, be must the watch swollen pain ONE night after her You

ing/'Of water rushing past you, father had returned from a long "Then permit me to assist you And you hate life and your own stay in the city, she asked him ugliness; Spencer stepDorothyto my car and I'll drive you was whom moonlight, and Thenhome."birdsong, and ping out secretly Hazel with now. kind winds warmly

"Thank you, but I really preBring dreams; disliked Dorothy, principally befer walking. There is such a picSomething rises in you—cause she was envious of her. Mr.

quell, Something cannot youturesque trail leadlittle woodland considered before March answering torture beautiful golden A it's the creek,ing up along and slowly: sure, but I be- "I am not reach yearn; makes That and you

only about ten minutes walk from And we who are passing by you lieve Dr. Ludlow is taking quite a

here to our cabin at Upper Falls."Murmur, "The hawthorn has blosfancy to her."Then like a bung-

"Then lead on, and I'll follow somed again."ling school boy he hastily changed

to make sure of your safe arrival."the subject. All this greatly intrigued her. It might not have

to amounted she anything been had as he turned slowly mination and seribecame more OHE privileged see to speak and with his the sport towards made wayous than she far. thus been had He or even to speak him about him; roadster, been have which might notmust her accompany home. it as but curiosity her was simmered traffic for the blocking the road on spoil everything.That would it cover until under eventually there past been hour, only had no I "Thanks, Davis, couldn't Mr. the reached boiling point, forcing traffic block. to tothink of so putting you much if at her to times she were wonder

trouble. Goodbye."Summer wore on, autumn apnot really in love with him unsight

"But wait, Miss March, you proached. Already many had and unseen. With such a disturbhaven't told me where or when I closed their cabins and returned to ing factor it was impossible for her

may see you again."the city to renew their vocations. rightly to analyze her feelings to-

"Does it matter?"You will But the Marches lingered, although ward Lawrence Davis.

surely be too busy fishing for fuMr. March was away much of the

ture interruption."time now. Things were in this state when

"Perhaps you fish sometimes her mother approached her one SatHazel had experienced sufficient urday afternoon. She appearedalso,"he suggested.

agitated. said she "Hazel,""Sometimes, when it isn't rainexcitementsatisfy evenduringher volatilethe summertemperato quiteseriously, regard for "out of youring."

Davis'in ment. been had She Mr. little feelings said have of Dr. we is opinion where in your "And first deal, a the company good on discourtebeen and have Ludlow best fishing?"the parents openly. Her invite ous to never to enough him sly—later along here just anywhere "Oh, failed their to never manifest had visit a after us exeven pay he

so it isn't too close to the cabin,"disapproval of him; but since she pressed such an interest in you. But

she said daringly, a twinkle appeartreated the association so lightly, now he is leaving the city, perhaps "It's eyes.ing in her too noisy felt very apparently they no grave permanently. the circumUnder

there. like it best Fish where too, concern. spendhe was Then to inbeen obliged stances we have

everything is quiet."ing most of his time in the city. vite him to have dinner with us to-

"So says Isaac Walton,"he reBut Hazel had become greatly connight. Of course if you desire you

joined. Then scanning the sky; cerned. She knew 'Mr. Davis loved may find some excuse to be away,

"It doesn't look like rain about her, and when the time should but I am sure he would like to see one o'clock tomorrow does it, Miss come for him to tell her of it, you. Certainly we'd be happy if

March?"what would she do? There was you remained."

"No. And no doubt Isaac her parent's disapproval and more

Walton also says that the fish bite important still, there was Dr. Ludespecially well shortly afternoon,"low. He had been in the city for JTlAZEL tried despershe mocked and with a wave of her some time, yet her parents had ately to appear cool and perhaps

hand darted out of sight among the never invited him out, and rarely overdid it. "I suppose I will be

willows and luxuriant underspoke of him in her presence, alable to stand it since apparently it growth. though she felt sure he was an will be the first and last time,"she

important subject in their thoughts said.

and private conversation. She bit

JJLE stood gazing at her lip in vexation as she considered Toward evening she dressed carethe spot where she had vanished. how stupid they must be to have fully and went for a stroll to calm

"What a girl! She's the one for taken literally what she had said herself. She followed the path

me all right,"he murmured smilabout "stampeding her into lovdown the creek and quite unconing to himself. Gradually the smile ing him."Still she could not let sciously took a seat on a fallen log

faded into an expression of deterthem know differently now. They (Continued on page 365)

PRIESTHOODAll Melchizedek Priesthood material is prepared underQUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Group of Boys Brought by Bishop Rockwood and his Committee Through all of the Lesser Priesthood grades

Is It Not Worth the Effort?

By J. A. ROCKWOOD

Former Bishop of Richards Ward, Granite Stake

frequently hear that as the Lesser Priesthood Comhelp of the Lord we can and will there is a falling off in mittee, consisting of five good bring them into the fold,"was detail blanks were prepared their slogan.WEattendance in religious men;

duties by young men from fifteen to register the boys'activities, and The accompanying picture of to twenty years of age. The deathe work of making definite asfifty-seven priests of one ward in

cons'classes are generally larger signments was undertaken. regular attendance in quorum

than the teachers'and priests'classmeeting was the result. Twentyclose two of these fine young men werees, reflecting a loss from these quoHTHESE men, through

rums as the boys advance in age. analysis and careful observacalled into the mission field durThis we all admit is a serious tion, were impressed seriously with ing one year.

problem, deserving careful attenthe sacredness of their work. They The Scriptures recount how the

tion. felt that with their call to this seventies of old returned from their

work came the responsibility of missionary work "with joy in

Can anything be done? I anbringing in the sheep that had their hearts,"but I doubt if their

swer "yes."A number of years strayed; just as important as a joy could surpass that of these loago it fell to my lot to labor as a call on a mission to find the lost cal men. To see the boys coming

bishop. This big problem was sheep in distant pastures. to the front, responding to mistaken up in a very definite way. After a few weeks of careful sionary calls, etc., is a joy and

Several meetings with leading men planning these men got the spirit happiness that brings tears of gratiof the community were held; of their calling and went at it tude to the eyes. Feature, if you

plans were formulated; an excelwith the zeal of a missionary in can, a widowed mother who reclent committee was selected, known the field. "By hard work and the ognizes that her boy is slipping.

346 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

Then upon the scene a boy's man by them into the auxiliary organtended into a credit mark. This

appears and with a strong arm of izations; it was spoken of in the sheet is a record that should go

love draws this boy back. general Priesthood meetings, and with the boy throughout all the

These boys of ours are the soon it began to spread; the bishop years of his activity in the Lesser

choice spirits of the world, born preached it, and made use of it, Priesthood.

under the covenant, heirs of all and soon the boys commenced to By carefully marking this activGod's special promises, upon recognize that they were not going ity sheet, proper rotating of assignwhom the future of the kingdom to be singled out to receive a spements can be followed. Each boy

depends, the most precious among cial scolding, but that they were should be taught that it is only they fair and just that he should takeour Father's jewels—surely they among their friends whom

are worth the effort necessary to were not afraid to meet on the his proper turn in filling appointbring them in, and their return street or in the meeting house. ments. It is doubly unjust to

brings happiness beyond anything This Lesser Priesthood Committee have a few boys, the willing kind, else in the world. went out of their way to learn and fulfilling all the assignments, for

Have you ever had a father or know the first name of the boys it is unjust to the other boys who mother come to you and say with under their supervision and direcdo not get an opportunity. Do

the deepest emotion, "God bless tion, and took special occasion to not let any boy get by with a failyou for your interest in my darcome in contact with them—not ure without special attention from

ling boy."only on Sunday, but in every walk the committee. The habit that

of life. They took occasion to some boys form of neglecting duFirst Step in the Plan talk with them, ask them how ties is very injurious to their dethey were getting along in school, velopment, and will reflect to their

A SK yourself the question, football, basketball, and all their detriment throughout all future wherein lies the greatest power activities, and very soon they belife. This special activity roll, of

and influence in bringing these came pals to their boys. After course, will indicate those who are

boys in? Shall we preach at this condition had crystallized the magnifying their Priesthood.

them? No. Shall we coerce work was easy. Those who are not should be visthem? No. Shall we call attenited by a member of the Lesser

tion to the road that leads to Hell? Second Step, by the Lesser Priesthood Committee in their

No. Shall we chastise them? No. Priesthood Committee home, and, in conjunction with

Shall we magnify their faults? their parents, encouraged through

No. Let us throw out the life line "CIND your membership; visit the kindness to come back.

clerk; obtain from his recof love—it is the greatest power ward

addresses of ord the and namesin should be all the world—and all Fourth Step

years to twelve twenty boys from use.in constant

With three to five men as a of age, then try to get their teleT3 UILD up a quorum identity or committee in a ward going out to phone numbers and learn what quorum consciousness. This

disseminate love for the boys, their you can about them. You will is very necessary and important,

power will soon be recognized. find by definite search that there and can be done by adhering to

Presidents and presiding officers all are more of these fine boys in your the revealed order of the presijoin in the one idea of winning community, especially among the dencies of the various quorums.

them by love and kindness, and larger wards, than you ever The president with his counselors never forgetting to express it thought there were, and there is should take their places in all quowhenever opportunity affords. It your missionary field. rum meetings, and the Lesser

is the only method. A true story, This committee should coop- Priesthood Committee should have

to illustrate: erate with the bishop, Sunday something definitely prepared to

School superintendency and Mugive in a quorum capacity. A

"D ICHARD, a small boy, comes tual president to see that good committee should be appointed to home from Mutual and makes teachers are selected, and that indo something in the name of the this comment: "Father, we have viting class rooms are prepared. quorum, such as visiting a sick

a swell president this year; he Go out after the boys personally, member; attending as a quorum

came into our class and said he was individually and systematically, the funeral of a dead comrade;

mighty glad to have such a fine and show that you are their friend. writing letters to missionaries in

bunch of young fellows, and if we the field; giving special parties as

wanted any favors, in reason, he Third Step a quorum, especially among the would try and get them for us. priests, as they generally are a live,

Last year we were told we were a A MEANS of checking up on active organization of boys, and bunch of roughnecks, and if we '**- your boys through the activat the right age to give parties.

did not behave, out we would ity blank mentioned before is very Establish a little fund in the quogo."The latter attitude is all important. Do not let them slip rum to be used by the boys for

wrong. Boys are like the rest of unnoticed. This activity record small presents for departing misAdam's race, they can enjoy a litis almost indispensable. A sheet sionaries, or for the buying of

tle praise occasionally, and it goes ruled and divided into activity flowers for special occasions.

a long way with them. headings, and made applicable to

love, so that of campaign one boy only, when he A special is Suggestive Activities for the it praise for is recorded the assignedkindness, boys and on a duty was started by this Lesser Priesthis activity blank. When he fulPriests

hood Committee. It was carried fills the assignment the mark is ex- (A) Administering at the SacThe Improvement Era for March, 1930 347

rament table in Sunday School (C) Act as ushers in ward pare them for the work of the deaand Sacrament meeting. With the gatherings. cons, and when the time came for

consent and cooperation of the them to be ordained, this Lesser bishop we suggest that this funcSuggestive Activities for the Priesthood Committee made rection be placed upon the priests'Deacons ommendation to the bishop, and quorum. the bishop through the ward clerk

(B) One member of the Lesser (A) Deacons should be reguhad a regular short form letter

Priesthood Committee should see larly assigned to the passing of the which he mailed to the boy telling that proper appointment and Sacrament in Sunday School and him that the Lesser Priesthood credit for performance are given. Sacrament meeting, and given to Committee had recommended him

This should be done in a way that understand that a credit is placed for ordination, but before carrying the responsibility and duty is disafter their names for each duty fulout that ordination the bishop tributed evenly among all memfilled, and a circle placed after their would like to hear from the boy bers of the quorum. name when they fail to perform himself, in writing, as to just how

(C). Priests through coopera- their duty. he felt about receiving this honor.

tion with the Stake Baptismal (B) The ward supervisor He was asked to take it up with

Committee should be given the should see that these boys are his parents and get their coopera- privilege of performing baptisms. trained in the proper method of tion, and then be on hand one-

(D) Under direction of bishpassing the Sacrament, that no half hour before the fast meeting opric, ordain teachers and deacons. confusion results. The ward superon Sunday to go into conference

(E) Members of the priests'visor should impress upon these with the bishop over the matter.

quorum, by cooperation with the boys that in performing their SacThen if everything was favorable bishop, should be called upon to rament duties they are engaged in the boy was asked to take his place open and dismiss the Sacrament the most solemn service of the on the stand. When his name

meetings. Church, and all frivolity and was read in the meeting he was to

(F) Priests, in cooperation laughter should be strictly forstand up and have the people of with the bishop, should be asbidden. the ward vote upon him. By this

signed to make five minute talks (C) One deacon assigned to method he commenced to realize occasionally in Sacrament meeting, sit beside the bishop on the stand there was some significance, sacredand in Mutual as well. Supervito act as a messenger. ness and responsibility attached to

sors should guide and help them in (D) Act as minute men for his call as a deacon.

the preparation of these talks. bishop at all calls made. The answers which these boys

(G) In the priests'classes assent back to their bishop were signments mentioned above should Sixth, Proper Appreciation really inspiring, and very often a be made, and the priests taught the of the Priesthood few of them were read in the SacSacrament blessing so they can rerament meeting, causing tears of peat it without reading from the HT O my mind this topic is worthy joy to come to the parents as they card. They should be taught that * of very careful consideration heard read in public the expresit is a prayer to God, and not a not only in the Lesser Priesthood, sions of their boy with reference

recitation. but in all the quorums of the to this sacred calling.

Church. The authority to officiate These details are worth all the

Suggestive Activities for the in God's Kingdom, and have it time and effort that they require.

Teachers binding and acknowledged by the The same procedure was followed

Lord is something exceedingly in advancing from the different (A) Visit the saints in comsacred. grades of the Priesthood.

pany with the regular teachers ap- A tentative age limit has been This plan and outline followed pointed by the bishop. set for young men to be ordained for a number of years in our ward

(B) Collect fast offerings and to the Priesthood, but arriving at solved the problem of holding the ward maintenance every month by that age is not the sole qualificaboys through the various grades ofvisiting the homes of the people. tion—-there should be some prepathe Lesser Priesthood, and preFor this a leather or cardboard ration. Of course, young boys appared them to be called as elders

pouch should be provided that proaching their twelfth year, if when they were advanced into the will hold money collected, and a they are faithful in their attendMelchizedek Priesthood.

other at School and ance Sunday five eachreceipt pouch book. On durattendance in number The see the of work and as organizations listed families be should sixor priests the the ing of period and especially done, being deacons the street, a consecutively live onthey teachers the did over diminish not naturally dignified a manner, in responsibilthe given one boyand the of the attendance period during to honored being by forward look five or collecting thoseity of from deacons'quorum. that to a call work. collection of families.six This

ward maintenance and fast offersuccess of this undertaking,ings should be done at a specific TN our ward where we worked HTHE and definite time, and the Lesser with this Lesser Priesthood acof course, will devolve mainly

Priesthood Committee should artivity we had our Lesser Priestupon the ward supervisor and the range to have the boys return either hood Committee go into the class cooperation which is given him.

to the meeting house or their where the boys between eleven and In selecting a ward supervisor and homes to check in on their collectwelve years of age were assembled two or more assistants, we comtions. Receipts should be given to in Sunday School and make a mend the following qualifications:

the people where the boys collect. brief talk to those boys to pre- (A) A ward supervisor should

348 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

be a detail man, dependable, ac- "old heads on young shoulders."(H) He should be a man who

curate and careful in handling the (E) He should be a diplomatic really at heart likes the boys, and record of the boys'activities. man, and guide the boys rather can mix with them.

(B) He should always be on than force or coerce them. The Lord has said that, "If we

hand where the boys assemble in (F) He need not be a preacher, labor all our life and save but one order to be one with them, and but must be clean in his talk and soul, how great will be our joy check up on their activities. manners, and a strict observer of in the Kingdom of our Heavenly

(C) Not a preaching man, and the Word of Wisdom. Father with that soul,"and in

above all, not a scolding man, not (G) He should be a man who conclusion let me quote from the too exacting in the matter of his attends to his Sacrament meetings sacred record, "Ye who enter into requirements from the boys. and his Priesthood quorum in the service of the Lord, see that

(D) He should be a man who order that he may set a proper exyou do it with all your heart, recognizes that you cannot put ample. might, mind and strength."

Improvement in Ward Teaching,

the topics, of with the William in to A. thought Hyde fears mind entitled him, to is not as muchPRESIDENT-*- assist the teachers in presenting the mesPocatello stake is preparing monthcredit as or reward, the keeps man who

sage effectively."mostly messages of teachers for the ward the because loves commandments he

that and adjoining stakes, and in conThe topic in that stake for the the Lord, and desires with all his nection with the latest message, he has oast month is given herewith: heart to serve him. The man who

presented certain suggestions to the will do more than he is commanded is teachers, as follows:ward is all the given valiant him Willing The Mind man,'—to the Teacher:"To are are things. others There who

is son, for done you. "This have not give thine heart, let You "My me and exaltation. their limited in glory and

well, if thine eyes act peddler your keep you work ways."a said my Thus are valiant are they not "They who leaflet. its wise this old. of of only Study man Proverbs 23:26. in the of Jesus, testimony wherefore if can, use the then "Behold message you asit—getyoura requireth own the Lord heart

mind and inspiration in presenting the and a willing mind; and the willing and they obtain not the crown over the

thought. obedient shall eat the good of the land kingdom of our God."Doc. and Cov.

"Better to commit to memory if you of Zion in these last days."76:79.

can the references given. If not, then "Verily I say, men should be anxLet us first of all be obedient, then

have your Doctrine and Covenants with iously engaged in a good cause and do let us strive to get faith sufficient to it, things their you, read many the to people of free and from will, own and valiant. enthusiastic be and bring to pass the of sayings thesome of righteousness."Lord. much Doc. for call is a as always, There now and are Cov. fullest a teacher the in not and 58:27 "You 64:34. are These

the valiant willing and man and the sense, messages unless to to in us try peothis you your day. know

ple, and have something to apply to their woman. They are needed in the

every in are individual Church. needs. If instance: They For you Lord has put HE a premium upon

a that are family obproperly notknow man, of *- department our wilting obedience. work,—theneeded serving the to as Sabbath, say them you a a "yes"smile with and who is It a splendid thing that obey. we leave: see to 'I hope out next you Sunto invitation accepts an is It necessary that cheerfulservice—not keep the we comare day. having splendid Sacsome We to requires that an argument the man mandments, living and by the meetings, will rament of law enjoy you coming to reluctantly consent do him the shall Lord surely we receive I am sure.'a make

"Encourage and bless, and do it out blessing; but more blessed it is to have something.

of your own to be permitted always not spirit heart. This leaflet is only the of desire We may to do something

to the open way."in particular for any work without being for it volunteer commanded,

this Presicommenting plan on accept, inspiration theTN shows the earnest use of our agency. the Church, but it is given to us to when said: The Lord the is "For in cheerfully power

-* dent states: Hyde his appointed of the through Lord them, wherein are they agents unto

is leaflet devised "This in attempt an service. his invites us into servants, themselves, and as inasmuch do men to the quality improve of our ward 27:1518. and Doc. Cov. Read teachgood, they shall in lose their wise no ing. is a There for tendency the teacher

to deoend too much upon the leaflets. reward."Doc. and Cov. 58:2829. Let us first obey the commandments,

This is an attempt to try to have some (Read all of reference.) of the Lord so far as we know them,

individuality in this work. If we conThe man who keeps the commandand then let us, with all our might,

tinue this plan, we shall try to analyze ments of the Lord, only because he mind and strength, love and serve him.

Success in Ward Teaching,

following'T'HE our present ilies, letter from method. Bishop Last older brethren while November, of our we some

till teachers deacons, our -*- J. Wesley get their toward and priests did teaching Andersen not of done Moore advanced

ward, Lost River stake, is a splendid and paired them off two and two, and the last of the month. This month (Janexample of success in ward teaching: asked them to do 100% ward teaching, uary) the older brethren, when seeing thewith four families to each pair of teachresults of last month, went on the ap-

"Our ward teaching has been so much ers. We requested that they go out the pointed night, with the result that our

improved for the last two months over the first Thursday night in each month and ward teaching was performed 100% for previous years, that I felt you would like spend 10 to 15 minutes in each home, this month on the first Thursday night.

to know how it came about. Our old deliver the message, and report any sickThese young men all sent in complete

method of having one young teacher and ness or need in the homes. These young reports of their visits. This indicates what

one older man, or two older brethren, go brethren started out the first month (Deour young brethren will do when they together has never given such results as cember) and visited 100% of the famare given responsibility."

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 349

Aaronic Priesthood Progress TN order to stimulate the work of the in charge of the various divisions of (c) To train all members thor- -* Aaronic Priesthood throughout the the Church have the opportunity to oughly and enthusiastically in the pervarious wards, stakes and missions, use their initiative in applying these formance of all their respective Priestthe following letter has been sent out plans in the most effective way for the hood duties; in upstanding personal

to the authorities of these various systematic advancement of all these habits; in the application of Gospel

divisions of the Church, and is here boys and men who bear these sacred principles to their growth in righteouspresented for the information of all callings. ness and capacity; and in faith and

who are concerned with the welfare We would urge that, during the devotion to the Church.

of that Priesthood: next stake conference in each stake, and The selection as supervisors of men

Dear Brethren: during the next district conference in of faith and energy, who are interested

The success of Aaronic Priesteach mission, special consideration be in, and helpful to young men, is bound hood training and activity dependis given to the progress of the Aaronic to result in increased activity and deprimarily upon the stake presidencies Priesthood in whatever way the stake votion of the Priesthood members. The

and ward bishoprics in the various presidencies and mission presidents arranging of interesting meetings, stakes; and upon the mission presifeel will be most helpful to the memmaking all members welcome, giving

dents, missionaries and branch presibers of the Priesthood, to those in everyone some part in the meeting, asdencies in the various missions. Where charge thereof and to the parents. signing every member regular duties

this important work, under the direcDuring this great Centennial year and encouraging him in the performtion of these presiding officers, is placed we appeal to all presiding officers to ance of the same, promoting sociability directly in the hands of competent, have every possible effort put forth: and fine ideals, all help to develop

(energetic, faithful supervisors, the suc- (a) To provide most energetic, greater diligence.

cess of the movement is assured. The spirited, sympathetic supervision of the Wishing you success in this imPresiding Bishopric have outlined gendetails of this great work. portant effort, and with cordial wisheral plans for the holding of weekly (b) To endeavor to bring every es, we are,

Priesthood meetings and for the activimember of the Aaronic Priesthood into Sincerely your brethren, ties and the lessons to be given. Those active, interested service. The Presiding Bishopric.

f 1 1 Aaronic Priesthood Suggestions

'T'HE following constructive sugges- 5. Discussion of social and Suggestive Assignments

*- tions for quorum improvement fraternal work.

Priests. the For Aaronic prepared were by the Stake class or meeting.

1. teaching. Ward of the Priesthood Committee Ogden c. Quorum 1. Prayer.

2. Baptizing. stake 2. assignments of up Check sacrament. 3. of the Administration

officers. by I. Organization. quorum other 4. in sacrament and Talks

3. a. for Chairman. Assignments coming meetings.

b. Two members for each quoweek by quorum officers. 5. Lesson assignments.

rum or class. 4. Check up on secretary as to 6. Ushering at meetings.

II. Duties. posting of individual rec- 7. Class teaching in Sunday School,

ords. committee, etc. of meeting Mutual, a. Weekly

5. supervisor. Lesson by minutes. to 30 20 8. assisting in ordiOfficiating or 6. folLesson assignments for presides. 1. Chairman nations. supermeeting, lowing by pertaining matters 2. Discuss

9. sick Visiting members. visor. Priesthood. all Lesser to of

the Teachers. For of supervisor 3. on up Check

teaching. to Suggestions Supervisor 1. Ward preparaeach group—class once a Passing of sacrament records, individual tion, 1. displace quorum Do not

preferably on Fast Day. officers month,2. stake Church and reports, in presiding conducting quorum and

etc., assignments, attendmeetings, making or checking assign- 3. Talks and prayers at ward

ance, social and fraternal ments, etc. meetings.

activities. 2. In the priests'or teachers'quo- 4. Messenger service for the bishop-

4. Suggestions for future betrums devote one class period every ric.

terment, programs, and admonth or six weeks to practice in the 5. Lesson assignments.

fields activity. for ditional pertaining ordinances to respective of- 6. sick Visiting members.

ficers Lesser Priesthood. in the supervisors of meeting b. Weekly 7. at meetings. Ushering

with quorum officers, 10 to 15 3. Be constantly looking for ward For the Deacons.

minutes. activities that be may well assigned to 1. Collection of fast offerings and 1 Report of assignments filled Priesthood. the Lesser members of

donations. ward during past week. records the individual 4. Check up

2. Passing of sacrament. 2. Assignments that assignments insure to for coming frequently

week, by quorum officers. are distributed as much as possible to 3. Messenger service for the bish-

3. Check up of delinquents all members. opric.

to report on efforts and 4. Lesson assignments. 5. deDevise for reaching means

conditions, by remedy 5. Prayers linquent members. and talks in ward meetvisits, etc.

ings. 6. fraternal the overlook not Do to 4. announcements Quorum

class, and other business, and social activities. 6. Collecting food and clothing for

by quorum officers for 7. Never be unprepared with the poor.

coming week. quorum lesson. 7. Visiting sick members.

..

MUTUAL WO Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. Gen'l Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

George Albert Smith, 47 East South Temple Street ruth May Fox,

R. Richard Lyman,

Ballard. Melvin J. Gen'l Offices Y. L. M. I. A. ClarissaLucy GrantA. Cannon,Beesley.

Executive Secretary: 33 Bishop's Building Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Elsie Hogan

Community Activity Committee Course of StudyMarch 4 that beset us. Our leader, Brigham through speech, and grows louder as

Young, has told us to do this;, that words cease)

1. Discuss music of Stephens Colhardship and trials shall lose their terFzrsf Voice: In Vienna we love the

lins Foster, found in Young Woman's rors, and we shall be able to face each waltz. (Music of Blue Danube Waltz

Journal for October, 1929, page 704. day with renewed courage. begins.) The Blue Danube is music

2. Discuss "Home Songs,"Young Third Voice: It is right. Let us that fillsus with rapture, as though

Woman's Journal for October, 1929, start the music. it had become a very part of us. Listen

is played. dance of old to (Music the beauty even of itspage 706. strains—but

in the or Traveler then Turkey Arkansas cannot you as I know, know,

March 11 Strait?, group may dance, if desired.) the inspiration of the beautiful river,

i Fourth Voice: Strange it is that which flows and ripples as does the

Consider and discuss Music and worn and weary as we are, we should music. The trees, the water, the

Drama in the Home, page 334, March find rest and relaxation in strenuous friendliness of the people—all of those

Era. exercise. come back to me with this music.

Woman of the company: It is the (Music has been playing low; now it

Musical Dramatization sociability, the rhythm, the music becomes louder.)

which rest us, for they make us forget Fifth Voice: In our Hungarian

March 18 thatFirstwe areVoice:tired. Is it with you as it is playland spiritthere arewhichdancesfills expressivethe hearts ofof thethe

of the dances dancing girls finished they and boys with have when me—that Plains. the on Setting—Camp music, the hearing this a day's Grief the of America, and work. dance The journey. a day's of

your of to the music carries that ever seen you back you Captain, company: Hungarians—have Characters—PioneerTime—End is full land. gaiety native danced? music of countries. The own various ofRepresentative

first begins) the dancers thinking (music Voice: and Second I was when at a long made Captain: We have

first glide side beautiful to the then English to one spoke, and of our and you the dust but march today,hard festivals. are stretches joyous, merry green of lawn, other. and They The I right, forgotten now. are allheat Am

to together, figures but suddenly the a messenger danced dainty comes we friends?my

clear is dead. that the king will tell them ever remain Then in my memory. night cool First Convert: The

grieve, bethey of for they the Gardens"love "Country (Music king andbreeze blows away unpleasant recolare very sorrowful. steps gins) the messenger dances of our English But. Thelections.

to forgotten had that are the graceful the king has ones, running and meal evening Convert: The Second

left all his carries line them the of of dancers when movement too. heartening, addmoney—andwas

that, learn they their grief in until graceful figure in out and them is somehow days for many Convert: Third And

fills lightened, suddenly are they again the heart with the thing and whole refreshing such good had have notwe very (music Grief happy, of the Dance joy melody. atmosphere with and here. have as foundwater we

. ceases) that exmusic does not But yes. It Voice: Third would Ah, water, and Convert: Fourth Food

press the the soul of beau- a to beautiful behold. sight be indeed love play, prayer and people—the and andwork

tyloving, artistic nature of loveliness country my one's of fill The own a things man'sslumber! These

heart full to overflowing. never fades from memory, but becomes Hungary. (Music of Brahm's HunCaptain: Food and drink we have ever more and more vivid. To me it garian Rhapsodie begins and plays as

had this day; love and prayer we carry is the sound of music which best brings long as desired)

with us ever; slumber is waiting to back to me the enchantment and witchSixth Voice: No dance that I have

enfold us in its gentle arms; but first ery of youth. All the romance of my ever seen has the same magic as the

we must take an hour to play. beloved France is in the lovely Minuet. Tarantelle. Long ago it was a dance

First Voice: Are we not too weary (Music of Beethoven's Minuet in G of magic (Tarantelle music begins.)

for such? Of what use is it? begins.) The delicate charm of it is The poor peasants of Italy suffered teri

Captain: Its use is to complete the a thing to put heart into even these ribly because of the deadly tarantula,

day, that no one shall go to rest withdays of hardship. but they found that they could dispel

the poison of its going into this bite byout recreation of spirit and lightness Fourth Voice: The Minuet—but dance. wild finishes.) (Music heart.of I wish you the warmth could know

Second Voice: All is well. and color of our Spanish music. It Seventh Voice: All that we have

Captain: All is well, but we somewraps the dancers in its own spirit just heard is beautiful, without question,

times fail to realize that it is. We see as the melody of the wind sways the but to me only the music of one land

things in a distorted way unless we flowers and the trees. (Music of can reach heights and depths. (Grieg's

have cast aside for a moment the cares Habanera has begun quietly half way Spring is played, softly, throughout

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 351

the remainder of the speech). Our ness and happiness. Life is giving to quent onslaughts of architects who beNorwegian music carries in its measthem her best. wail that "such an added footage"or

ures the yearnings, the heartache, the Second Voice: Not a mirage, per- "such an offstage arrangement"will

architectural beauty. Respoil the friend.glorious a sadness people; haps, of the Norse Not my dream—but

is architect worthwhile the it all to the a reality can hear pass when memberand through come which you may sighing of the winds through the forthe children of the Pioneers who the one who will honestly recognize ests; the splash of the waters of the danced on the lonely plains, and their

fjords against the rocks, and the brave children's children shall assemble to spirit of a people whose lives are lived dance for joy. And when that day

difficulties. and girls of boys thousandsunder comes, and r EBERHARDT'S the shall First know and women men Voice: How strange a thing and

it is that we who are sacrificing homes, beauty that life can give to those who families, and all that we have held have learned to appreciate it, then thedear for our new religion, regard danctrials and hardships of these days shall MOOREST ing as a power for good. The church not have been lived in vain. I SPRING FILLED

to which my parents belonged abThird Voice: Sacrifices are not ihorred the dance as a thing of evil. hard if they are to result in the estab- i MATTRESS

Captain: Do you not know that lishment of a happy and contented peodancing was early a part of religious ple. \ The finest spring filled

worship? David, the Bible tells us, (Music of the Contest Dance—Vic- 1 mattress it is possible to

beforedanced thankthe Lord, and was Sweetheart, tor Herbert's Gypsy is 'build—made in Utah. forful that had turned the Lord last speech, during him played and conhis mourning into dancing. cludes as curtain falls.) Inner construction of reSecond Voice: And a prophet of Note: The music referred to above welded and retempered,

theold exhorted people to praise if desired, can be obtained records God on hour glass shape springs inwith the dance. music and All things the director or of music might the ward

which turn the heart toward good, and arrange for the pieces to be played by covered with finest cotfill the soul with the joy of living are various musicians. Other numbers ton felt and damask in-

a part of our religion. representative of the music of different Third VoiVe: And our leader has countries might be substituted. terlaced by our own

told us many times that it is possible process.

always to dance in a spirit which could Drama This mattress is an inbe turned to in a moment prayer.

in satisfaclong vestment Fourth Voice: music of The the March 25dances rest. of your native filled lands it at tion and Get has

heart a withmy sweet pain, and my stores. furniture season, several the of leading kinds in Earlyeyes grateful tears. with through And

selections topics were plays play and the I tears see can "Invest ahead in Rest"a vision of in discussion Acfor the Community the is happiness which to in be ours tivity meetings. that Committee the land, promised shall reach when we Mattress Lake the project is well in Salt under the valleys of the I mountains. way—isNow And

fact stakes, completed in some the matCo. Mfg. can see that all with the & beautiful

stage ter of equipment has presented dances of our old homes, be we should itself as a problem imporSalt Lake City, Utah of major able to create beautiful more ones still.

First Voice: In our new life, I am tance. 'i*

sure that music and dancing will find How best to improve our equipplace, and I too am sure that out of ment, how best to work with the available equipment callare questions those of our lands many shall be born E-Ws Mountain Grown ing for immediate answers, if dramatic ideals andnew achievements. Pernew

is activity to become an influential haps our children, in years to come, SEEDS in recreation. our will stand light, out as a their factor for

dances will be of their own making, To start with the question—How and more beautiful than ever dances best can we improve our equipment? fTREES

have been before. Throughout the Church, new recreAre Hardier

New Voice (in prophetic tone) ation halls are being built. Church

Flowers, VegeThe speak, I recall this As you I expansion necessary. makes a dream which The Fruits, tables, and have had. such uses to which buildings it again can And unbe even now Shrubs Ornamental

will Trees, you folds before must determine eyes. It the nature is a mirage, put my

desfully are of their andwant certainly, structure. but clear is recognized very Since drama beautiful and in cribed P-W'a

Nursery as and Seed see an—I important—nay essential—factor tells It how, Book. in the First community's life, the recreation Voice: Go on. Tell us what where. Be what and

it is you see. hall should be adequately designed and sure today to

New Voice: I see a happy and fitted to make worthwhile drama posprosperous people in valleys surroundsible. The hall will be used for Ttrtfe for 5ree

ed by snowcapped peaks, and with a dancing and other forms of entertainJeed. andMirsen/'Sook,

great lake at their feet. I see a beaument and this must be held in mind.

tiful structure rising from the midst of The average architect, particularly PORTERWALTON CO* the waters, shining and warm in the church and school architects, have not Seed.and Jfurscry Specialists

light of the setting sun. There are gone carefully into the architectural SALT LAKE CITY -UTAH

thousands of people gathered there to requirements of dramatic presentation;

watch their young folks dance, in consequently the Community Activity = Save This Coupon in cash as 50c accepted same It will be contest. friendly our | selected from first order your on doing is $2.50. their own-—-beautifulThe dance theyin graceare themselvesCommittee in shouldthe planningvitallyof recreationconcern to over I amounting: Catalog

and figure and rhythm. Girls in colhalls. That is, they should acquaint ] PORTERWALTON CO., Salt Lake City

orful dresses, and boys in somber black themselves with the physical necessities I (Void after April 15, 1930)"I. E."f

are both aglow with the light of goodand steel themselves against the elo352 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

che needs when pointed out to him, from the outside directly onto the dressing rooms each equipped with lavand combine those needs into a thing stage. (In one well known recreaatory and wash bowl. Where only

of beauty. tion hall in Salt Lake City the only two dressing rooms are built they

is to'a stage sufficiently the narrow entrance should by accombe ample less stage not than should be 30 A is, tortufifteen each. and narrow persons winding modate That stair!—sotofeet to arch deep proscenium from be 1 chair large cannot there tables a should be that makeup ous arm and regular stage a wall. ofback (The

it.) lighted carried in each properly 1 mirrors up

ft. deep.) least attheatre should be 45

easily should be These room. rooms the top distance arch the the of of from proscenium width TheThe stage. accessible the from

ft. stage to the the should of proscenium top exceed not There 30should

be at least 1 5 ft. clearance on each side should exceed by not less than five There should be ample room for

of the stage from the proscenium openfeet, the distance from the top of prosscenery and property storage.

ing to the side walls. (A regular thecenium to the stage floor. To persuade The stage floor should be made ofatre should have room to set a complete architects that this is true is most difsoft wood—never, never of hard

stage on either side of the proscenium.) ficult. wood, and it is well to have two or

There should be a large door opening There should be at least two large three traps cut in it.

The switch board should be a theatre switch board and not a tumbler switch board. Light cues often come

during a quiet scene; the loud and

very audible clanking of a tumbler switch (all too commonly found even in our latest and best and most costly recreation halls) is so helpful in proWhat Yeast Does ducing the illusion that the moon has just been turned on! The switchboard should be supplied with dimmers. For You The stage should be wired adequately and the floor supplied with not

Fleischmann's Yeastfor-Health corrects constiless than four stage pockets.

pation, digestive disturbances, skin troubles and These are structural problems which must be met at the time of planning run down condition. It also supplies the and construction.

"sunshine"vitamin D so necessary to life and Regarding movable 'equipment etc.—these

genius of health. Eat three cakes a day for health. scenery,must be setsuppliedprops, bylights,the

the production management as the economic status of the situation will perFLEISCHMANN'S YEAST mit. Too often the apparently proAt Your Grocers'hibitive cost of a standard spotlight

has dissuaded the production management from using a spotlight. This is

too bad, and leads us to second question: How best to work with

equipment available?

A very creditable spotlight can be made with a small lard pail, 100 watt electric globe, a standard socket and a length of ordinary extension cord. The

last two items are easily obtainable at GARMENTS TEMPLE BRAND the same Woolworth's. On or Kress'

quality for the superior manufactured workmanship KNITTING and Of SALT LAKE floodlight satisfactory a principle us prices competition. remember ordering sold at defying from and When STORE Biscuit a National with be made may Pay Postage. We Colors socket. triple a can and Co.

FOR FOR LADIES MEN coleither by using be produced may No. No. in hole a square $1.25 or cutting $.95 610 Ribbed Light 703 Flat Weave Wt ored globes

1.25 601 719 Ribbed Med. Ribbed Light Weight Wt 1.25

., 1.30 the lid of the can and fitting it with Quality 1.50 602 Fine Extra Cotton Fine Quality 792

751 Fine Silk Lisle 1.95 614 Med. Wt. Ex. Quality 1.75 a gelatine screen.

Cotton 1.50 605 Silk Stripe 711 Med. Med. Heavy Wt 1.50 Cretonne coverings can give dilapCotton.. 1.95 Silk 663 Stripe 1.95 Unbleached Quality 710 Extra Med. Heavy

714 Med. Wt. Extra Quality 1.75 664 Med. Heavy Wt. Cotton 1.95 idated ward furniture a park avenue

2.50 1.75 620 718 Rayon NonRun Rayon

2.25 air. 680 Unbleached 715 Extra Heavy Super Quality Rayon 2.75

720 NonRun Rayon 1.95 660 Med. Wt. Silk and Wool 2.50 Small shot rolled over the surface of

20% Extra Charge For Sizes Over 46 a snare drum gives an excellent illusion

Do not fail to specify New or Old Style and if for Man or Woman, also state if long of the surf rolling up the beach.

or short sleeve, short or long legs are wanted. Give accurate Bust Measurement, A large volume could be written on

Height and Weight. "Adequate staging with what you

Samples Sent Upon Request have."

SALT LAKE KNITTING STORE merelyThe foregoingto stimulatesuggestionsfurther arestudygivenof 70 So. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah the problem. From the point of view

OLDEST KNITTING STORE IN UTAH of recreation and community activity, not the least good in drama is to be derived from the solution of these

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 353

equipment problems. The actor is not of offstage effects, etc., was worththe only one in the show. while community activity.

Recently, a certain road show act Bibliography, was criticised by certain of the uniniRay Mitchell The School Theater.

tiate "because there were only 3 perMilton Smith Book of Play Producsons in the show."As a matterof- tion.

fact, there were but 3 actors, but the John Dolman The Art of Play Production. the act required staging of and lighting Emerson Taylor Practical Play Dithe trained persons (not 14 work of rections for Amateurs. including those responsible for trans- A. E. Krows Equipment for Stage Centennial

portation) and those 14 persons Productions.

profited by their activity. The mak- A. E. Krows Play Production in

ing of a switch board, the operation America. Year

it a point to study up Adult Department Make on the Doctrines of trie Gospel

COMMITTEE Chairmen J. F. Merrill F. S. Harm and Church History. Celebrate A. L. Beeley; Lucy W. Smith,

L. T. Cannon L. L. Daines R. W. Bennett M. C. Kimball A. M. Cannon the centennial year by advancing your own knowledge of the

Gospel.

Life for the Adult 8—Abundant

Health and Faith.Calendar for Adult Women's Woman:Apr.

Department Apr. 15—Home: The Homemakers

Interests the Outside of Home. March Gleaner 28, Manual.) (Lesson SPECIAL Personality: Apr. and Mothers of Scripture: 22—Society Mar. 4—Notable

the of for Personality Suggestions ControlJezebel.

Development. Mar. Life for the Adult and Covenants 1 1—Abundant

Prevention and of NervousWoman a pr. 29—Open. Doctrine Diseases: (Part II.)Mental Pearl of Great Price

Spiritual Mar. Atmos- 1 8—Home

of thephere 27, Home (Lesson Gleaner MAY Combined in One Book,

Manual.) 6—Notable Mothers of Scripture Genuine Morocco, India Paper Mar. 25—-Society and Personality: Elizabeth.May

The Influence of One Personality Upton

MayAnother. 1 3—Notable Mothers of Scrip- $2.50 Postpaid ture: Mary.

April May 20—Review or Testimony BearThis book has always sold for

Mothers of Scripture: ing. Apr. 1- -Notable

$3.00, but has been reduced asSarah. May 27—Social.

a special centennial offer

Let us help you in your selection of good books. It is our

business to know books and we are more than glad to advise you.

ii M Men Notes rrBook Councillors

Contest Activities in your daily life if you could say exactly what you wanted to say and see it and others ability in say could that such to make The way is listen one dofeel have them to would to want would you? others Deseret Book as you Think

of the most beneficial accomplishments of what that would mean to you in of life. To do this one must be able business, social, and religious activities.to project one's own feelings, thoughts, The M. I. A. public speaking contests Company

and personality. Public speaking trains offer you an opportunity to take a step

the youth to acquire this talent. It in that direction. Take part with

gives him courage to face an audience the idea of helping yourself. 44 East on South Temple

and endows him with ability to make others want to listen to him. This

gives him selfconfidence that will go To be able to act well, one must with him through life. Have you ever read well. He who learns to read efthought of what it would mean to you fectively acquires an ability to express

354 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

and, upward, and ward underothers learns so that to speak to the open keeping mind (d) my By says. he exactly M. The what NEWEST standexact meanings when he talks. He ative thinking as will stimulate me onart science, of progressions and changes

to will contests help I. A. drama you prejuunreasoning because literature, and

develop along this line. dice prior to investigation keeps a person STYLES in everlasting ignorance.

is mind a strong this because I will do Code Men M necesand the happiness to insure I 2th Ogden Ward. necessary

sities of life.

the conscience: of 12th Ogden As an a social 3rd. build To M Man

the of for firmly building I stand living with Wedding Ward, and for my fel- (a) By

a spirit of patience, either ality burden or a an ennui becomes developing (b) ByAnnouncements manhood. I realize that a warped personlow men, society, a well justice, balanced and that tolerance upon and

development can only come through pur- (c) By turning back into society a poseful activity in diverse fields. Therecontribution to the great storehouse which and fore, I will endeavor to: was my heritage.

1st. Build a clean, strong and healthy I will do this because I cannot live a

Invitations (a)body,By vitalizing it with an abundance 4th.worthyTolife buildunto myself.a humble and reverent.

of fresh air, spirituality:

j* pure(b)food,By building and energizing it with things(a) thatBy heseekingwoulda haveknowledgeus do, ofand,these

Printed (c) By cleaning it at regular and fre- (b) By placing myself in harmony

Process Embossed quent(d) intervals,By keeping it fit with wholesome withI willhis teachings.do this because I recognize God

Or sport(e) andBy vigorousrestoringexercise,it with and,adequate rest. asfrommy whomFatherI tomaywhomask blessings.I owe thanks, and

Engraved theI restingwill doplacethis ofbecausea stronga healthymind, andbodyit isis I needIn brief,spiritualI believeuplift;in myself,my Godbecausebecausein

Jr the first requisite for the happiness of my me is the ego of a God; and my country,

family and myself. from which I receive liberty and pursuit

Mail Orders Given Special 2nd.(a) DevelopBy makinga strongthe choicestmind: bits of litof Ihappiness.believe it is my sacred duty to use my

Attention eratureions, of all ages my intimate compansomethinginfluence forto goodmy posterity.among men and to leave

(b) By forming close personal conBy being thus vigorously active in these tacts with the strongest minds of my fields of endeavor, I hope to develop a opportunity, four square personality and a manhood (c) By doing such reflective and creof unimpeachable quality.

Ask for Samples and

- Gleaners Department Prices M Men

COMMITTEE Prompt Service Combined M Men and Gleaner Committees

The DESERET A Few Suggestions that be can obenjoyment of prove more for the months recommend 1. We

it jointly. tained this time between would At and May competition NEWS PRESS April

the newspaper. to well Dehave contest be in such Gleaners and

tails in the February will Speaking be found Public 29 Richards Street MactivitiesMen as Music, the conEra. to stimulate the Drama, Salt Lake City and be test programs may These work. 3. Don't forget our project: "I will

of demonstrations interspersed with and to the honor contribute each day also Debates would dance. contest the little If the of home."happiness my add

of number the in playlet August found INDEPENDENT BE and 2. hold not Men interest.Why your M not has Journal the Woman's Young this year? Vocation So Profitable! together No Other banquets Gleaner

ENROLL NOW We are sure a trial, with each group already been given, we urge that it be

For a Complete Course at the equally interested and active, will used to carry forward the project.

Quish School of Beauty Culture in the West The Best 304-9 Thompson Bldg. Gleaner Girls Department Ezra

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH COMMITTEE

Information For Further Chairman H. Higgs, Emily

Call Catalog and Martha G. Smith G. Taylor Rachel 01 Grace C. Neslen 7560 Wasatch

Fill in This Coupon Binding Gospel Sheaves Before the M. I. A. season closes this vantage of the opportunity to gather

*v. year, every girl should have taken adand bind a Gospel sheaf. Inspiration

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 355

should have come to her in such meas- a guiding hand, but gradually, after ure that she would feel the year incommany trials, it learns to walk with conplete without her offering of the sheaf fidence alone.of spiritual life. Let each leader also Help the members of the group to Utanut and

realize che exquisite joy which comes bring to mind and express their apthrough the perfect binding of such a preciation of the blessings the Gospel sheaf. has brought to them. Use suggestions, Vitanut

Have in your group such a splendid questions and your own testimonies as testimony meeting that the memory of tools to bring to light the precious gemsits spiritual uplift will linger as a benof buried in the hearts of the youth Utah's Health Nut Zion.ediction in the lives the of Gleaner

Girls.preparation—notA meeting ofpreparationthis natureofneedsthe 368.)(Read "A Gleaner Message,"page Margarines

exact words to be uttered, but prayerful preparation of that mind, all parare ideal as spreads for Gleaner Calendar ticipating receive ask the and may bread, rolls hot and mufSpirit of God. April

fins. the finest, They are testimonies Most the are not product April Lesson 26. 1—1st period:of a moment, a year, or a month most healthful shortenings. but (Gleaner Manual, p. 37.) 2nd period:

the accumulated result of gradual Joint session with M Men. (Contests.)growth and development. And all do April 8—1st period: Lesson 27. Buy them and build Utah

(Gleaner Manual, period: p. receivenot 41.) 2nd in the them manner, same Industry Homeor regard in the them same way. To Question

April 1st periods: and Con2nd a certainone incident belief or may grocer will Your test supply activities.15—Box.

a strongbecome her part of testimony 1st 28. April Lesson period: call you, or the factory 22—towhile another the thing same might (Gleaner period: p. Manual, 2nd 44.)

have little or no import. Look into Contest activities. direct.

livesyour hearts, and and discover own 1st period: Testimony April 29—

activities.there truths the Contest contribute 2nd period: to meeting. which

faith.your Analyze your Deseret Foods thoughts MAY idealsand clarify and for yourselves

1st period: 29. Lessonthe base which points upon your you May 6—Corporation (Gleaner Manual, p. 47.) 2nd period:testimony. class, go to Then your

Joint with M Men. tell girls theand other of the things

period: 13-—-1st Review May Drive Highland of year's 2246 first haveyou pondering. been The Course of Study. Question 2nd period:

expression spiritual of awakening may City, Salt Lake Utah Box.

likened tobe a child learning to walk. 1st period: Review conMay 20—Its steps are wavering, clings to cluded. and it Optional. 2nd period:

COMMITTEE

May Booth Talmage, Chairman Laura P. Nicholson

Agnes S. Knowlton Julia S. Baxter Marie C. Thomas

Special Testimony Meetings

ords, the spring to learn Beginning with their of 1920 deeply how own will lives ancestors'our and their ending in Church 1930,and in- "Caterpillar"been have have celebrated the hundredth annifluenced by this restored Gospel.

versary of four outstanding events in Leaders and members alike should Tractors its history. analyze their own feelings to ascertain

1. The vision given to Joseph if they believe with all their souls that Your Insurance Policy!

Smith in which the personality of God Joseph Smith was in very truth a own a "Caterpillar"To is to hold first Jesus Christ was again prophet, that his and Sonand his vision was insurance will that your work indeed a reality; torevealed man. that the of! an Book

2. The coming forth of the Book Mormon is a sacred record brought be done at just the time to conserve

of Mormon. forth by divine ministration; and that the moisture and prepare the way

3. The restoration of the Priestthe authority to speak and act in the for a big and profitable crop.

ofhood. name God has been restored to earth It does the work of your horses, in this dispensation. 4. The establishment of the true

Church of Christ on earth in latter days. The Lord has promised to those and you make the profit.

the of specific event who read with of any Book Mormon A centenary sincerity its Investigate now! desire a lives to and theoccurs but once in of modern know of

genuineness, shall a that testimonypeople, the of the animportance and be Landes & Company given them, is the and value ofniversary measured thus knowledge by the the event or achievement celebrated. obtained will allay all doubts concernDealers

It is hoped that members of the ing the other three subjects. Salt Lake, Logan, Tremonton,

Junior Department will feel impelled If leaders are thrilled by their own Nephi, Malad and Preston, Idaho to investigate, through conversations conviction, they will inspire their girls with parents or other relatives, or by with a desire to obtain for themselves delving into family histories and recthis priceless knowledge, and with a

356 The Improvement Era for Marcht 1930

testimony there comes also the determinating. For a rather pretentious afnation to conform one's life to the fair a booth constructed in the form of

Gospel standard. a windmill would be an attractive place

That there may be a genuine spiritfrom which to dispense refreshments, ual awakening among our Junior girls a Dutch supper.

at this auspicious time, it is suggested The regular dancing might be interthat in April and May, the activity spersed by a Dutch reading, clog or period on the fourth Tuesday shall be folk dance, etc., to give color to the

used for testimony meetings, not meetoccasion. Japan with its cherry blosings of the ordinary type which may som setting and quaint costumes would

or may not be soulsatisfying; but the be equally charming, as would Mexico

kind that have been planned by leaders or the Pacific Islands, or if you prefer who have sought divine guidance and it, just take your blossoms, your well eagerly awaited, by members who come planned program and have your own with prayerful hearts to get a blessing national setting; and represent our

from the Lord. lovely American girlhood, than which

Leaders should begin at once by an there is none lovelier in the whole inspirational explanation and an aswide world. An abundance of music

signment. Divide the girls into three suggestive of spring, is of easy access.

groups, and ask them to search diliUse Junior choruses if possible in gently for material that will strengthen musical numbers.

and develop testimony. "To a Wild Rose"—McDowell.

"Spring instances Unusual Song"—Mendelssohn. of healing—of

It's Springtime in the special protection, prophof fulfilled "When ecy, literature in the of Rockies."etc., abound

which of Church, our our girls much ''Spring''—Grieg.

heard. never have

conversations with pioneers Spring Personal or with those who have filled missions The spring months are so full of will usually bring forth instances that nature's beauty that not a single Junior are all too rarely mentioned. leader should miss the opportunity to

Joseph Smith's testimony and that impress the girls with their good forfirst marvelous vision came before he tune in being alive. Renewed life and

had reached what we now term "Jungrowth are on every ior age,"because he was earnestly flowers, birds, rivers all athand—grass,their loveseeking truth and wisdom from the liest. Spring surely proves the handiLord. work of a Creator and all the skeptiAs a fitting individual commemoracism of unbelievers seems pathetic in

tion of this centenary let each Junior the face of spring's triumphant proof.

girl strive with equal fervor to obtain The poetry this month is all of spring, the knowledge for herself that the and would add to the spirit of the

Church of which she is a member is in Festival.

very truth the Church of Christ.

(See "Faithpromoting Incidents,"Suggestive Stories for Junior page 360.) Contests

Esther—Bible. The Spring Festival Ruth—Bible.

Dyke. Other Wise The Man—Van The "Spring Festival"scheduled Testament. Conversion of Saul—-New

for April, as the yearly activity to be Where Love is there God is also sponsored by the Junior girls, will afTolstoi.

ford opportunity for initiative and in- 5 th chapter of Helaman, Book of Mordividuality. So eager are some of the mon. Also account by Geo. Reynolds in.

girls for this event that plans are al- "Story of Book of Mormon."

will Prepared story furnished be from. sent for our ready have been made and office General receipt Board of upon

octhis for In preparing approval. selfaddressed stamped, envelope.

casion there should be no feeling of duty or burden. Spring Festivals and Junior Calendar

like twin almost girls sound Junior should plan the ones joys and who period: Lesson 26.—

radiate cheer gladness in the planand Courtship. April 1—First(Journal,April March, 1929,

ning and in the event itself. It is sug220.) Second period: Project. Discussp..

gested that both our Project and our article "Raising of Flowers,"in Feb. Era.

Travelogue may be featured. Holland, April 8—First period: Lesson 27—

famous the world over for its spring Marriage. (Journal, March, 1929, p..

blossoms, would serve beautifully as a 225.) Second period: Testimony meetissue.) ing. in (See present dafsubject. hyacinths Tulips, and

for final periods both April 15—Usenote in and fodils should be bloom by April numbers. special travelogue musical and

girls decorations. lovely furnish The (See Era, p. 232.) January

cosdress if so desired, in Dutch might April period: Select for resuch for suggestions making tumes, are view Nos. 1-13. Second lessons22—Firstfrom

furnished by Dennison dealers everyperiod: Final question box.

periods: April 'where.

story. in 29—Bothmusic and retold A five minute talk on the bulb inpractice GROCER'S dustry in Holland and one on windMay Contest

mills and their uses, would be illumiMay 6—First period Retold story

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 357 tryouts. Second period: Testimony pared book review—"A Lantern in Her l>(l()0-MOt>l)Oi>.a(H(l|04

meeting. Hand."(Let girls discuss parts that im- i

Select Period: perand pioneers add them most, for pressed May

review 1429. reminiscences. lessons13—Firstfrom Nos. sonal pioneer Second dramaBook period: Contest practice. tization in wards where not already held.)! YOU

periods: Invite all pioSee May 20—Both

neers of preward and have a thoroughly May Aug.27—Open.Journal, p. 510. WANT

Bee Hive Girls Department THE COMMITTEE Catherine Folsom, Chairman BEST

Elsie Hogan Sarah R. Cannon Vida F. Clawson Glenn J. Beeley

Costs No More

is April glad BeeHive Committee and Checking. The for Tests. TJ Till in progress to the hear of being made April 22nd—Review29th—Preparation

missions. We are sorry that space

will not permit publishing in full two Gatherers: Aberdeen Coal letters recently received the Cenfrom

Feel Joy.

Carter, tral States mission. Mary Service. a BeeKeepers'

missionary and BeeKeeper, writes that A Social, picnic or excursion with out- a swarm of nine BeeHive girls was ofdoor games if possible. I

the in the of checking. organized branch Review and Topeka

of Preparation tests for graduation. I There is an Aberdeen Coal last mission, March. Central States One

of the outstanding activities during the Dealer in your town f

It is strongly that urged of the stake year given in honor a banquet was conduct the a test for their Gatherers successmothers, and I which was very ful; also a bazaar given in December. that the ward BeeKeepers be informed

She states that these girls are energetic at an early date, the points on which INDEPENDENT COAL j the interworkers and and are very happy tion. ested in their work, one BeeHive and girlsWearefeelto thatbe testedsome fortest graduashould & COKE CO.

thing which the girls have learned is also be conducted for the Builders, that they cannot get something for either by the stake or ward, before l ftOWUVWIlHMKQd nothing. It is a fine lesson, indeed, to they receive promotion to the second

have learned, and we congratulate this rank. We suggest that the month of swarm of girls for the splendid work May be used for preparation for the SOMETHING

they are doing. Day of the Swarm. Sister Ruth Pace, a lady missionary On the last page of the Supplement TO REMEMBER

of the Leavenworth branch, Central to the M. I. A. Hand Book for 1929States mission writes that she has a details 30 is a diagram showing of the next time you girls, of ten BeeHive sheswarm which BeeHive is a splendid work. Now

is very proud of. These girls are known time to check with each BeeHive girl as the Hollyhock Swarm and strive to in your swarm and ascertain just how start your car...

live up to their symbol, which means she stands in relation to finished rank.

"ambition,"for she reports that last This check should be twofold. First

year the girls gave a large bazaar, sell-—is the girl doing thorough work, in

ing fancy work, aprons, woven straw line with the project, putting her best baskets, of their own handwork, also effort into it? Second, by the end of

served a light lunch, and cleared this season, will she have completed $5 1.00. With part of this money the all of the requirements? If some girl

girls purchased song books and prehas been a little backward in her work sented to the Sunday School, thus carthere is yet time to urge and help her rying out the BeeHive girls'motto to accomplish what she set out to do at "Give Service."She states also that the opening of Mutual, as well as to

these girls are organized into a fine encourage all to continue on and finish

BeeHive chorus, and their music is the work. Whether they are Builders

much appreciated in the branch. trying to earn the first rank and then

their girls activities theThrough as have begin Gatherers, or Gatherers After standing for hours or even interested nonmembers, whose homes to graduate likely working striving and have been opened to the missionaries. to earn all their bee lines and merit days in a freezing cold garage,

Surely they are to be commended, and badges, thus attaining the title Keeperwe are sure they "Feel Joy"through of the Bees, they all need inspiration with CONOCO Germ -Processed the fine things they have accomplished. and enthusiasm from their BeeKeepers Motor Oil your motor is lubricatnow, and in increasing quantity to the

Calendar for April end of the season, with a big finale on ed before you start. "Penetrative

Builders: Swarm Day. Lubricity"is the answer.

How are your plans for contest

April Beauty XXVI. events did out? 1st—Guide you Which

Person. stories, retold books, folk of select—scrapworking April Scrap XXVII. 8th—Guide girl in dance, homecrafts? each HasBooks. April 15th—Guide XXVIII. Open for your swarm entered into at least one of GERMWPROCESSED

your Planning. these events? As announced at June MOTOR OIL

358 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

Conference, much latitude is allowed

THE NEW ALL STEEL inthiscontestsyear. inThethe committeeBeeHive Departmentis anxious

that every BeeHive girl shall have taken part in one or another, or several MISKIN SCRAPER of the activities suggested. See Hand

Book Supplement 192930, page 46, also Young Woman's Journal, August, 1929, page 551.

EASY i 1 1 TO FOR (f the BeeHive Girls were all like me,

HANDLE HORSES IWhathopekindthe kindof a girlthat'swouldclean eachand onesweet,be?

EASY OR The kind we're always glad to meet,

TO TRACTOR TryingTrying toto helppleasemakeher motherother folksand glad.dad,

PULL If the BeeHive Girls were all like me,

What kind of a girl would each one be?

If all Girls the like BeeHive were me.

SCRAPERS ALL OTHER AROUND UP WEEDS GROW a kind of swarnii What would our swarm

IS MISKIN THE KNOWN WHERE be?

Level your farm now. POSSIBLY BE INVESTMENT CAN BETTER MADE NO united bees, Like one of swarm it is operate, that well a leveled farm as known TIME, THIS AT Gathering trees?'birds knowledge from and to less less labor to irrigate time requires produce is ancheapereven distributionto water and and

of crops and a much greater yield. The efficient and economical way to do this is Scattering service, love, and cheer,

with a Miskin Scraper. WRITE FOR CIRCULAR AND PRICES. I Doing our best while we are here?

Manufactured only by | If the BeeHive Girls were all like me,

What kind of a swarm would our swarm.

be? MISKIN SCRAPER WORKS j

UCON, IDAHO If the BeeHive Girls were all like me,

What kind of a stake would our stake be?

Would our stake lead? Say, "Follow me,

And you will always happy be?"

the pioneers on what! Carrying INSPIRING EASTER Brought to struggling years?"us through PAGEANTSof Easter Thrill Your Congregation With the Meaning

True to the Bible, music beautiful and appropriate; can be produced If the BeeHive Girls were all like me,

without curtain, and with simple, but effective background and What kind of a stake would our stake be?

costuming; satisfactory production by large or small churches.

THE DAWNING: By Lyman R. Bayard. Wonderful pageant of If the BeeHive Girls are all like me,

of Jesus. at the performed Resurrection The the was Dawning a will kind our Churchof Church What in City, 1926, given Salt presentafour May,.Tabernacle, and Lake be? Falls. wards, First Idaho 23 charFourth the and by named KjFtions!JM in soul? faith every Developing hrs. each. or 1/- 45c acters. per more, 20 copy, 50c

Bayard. R. the would death Lyman By How THINGS:I as united whole, THE one Working I i * m Bfl(Hi lUfml affect Jesus Raised resurrection of the Three Jesus Had and Whom salvation, to save gain mankind, To 33 Beautiful, compelling. dramatic and the named Dead? from exaltation? Striving high to reach each. 20 hrs. or l'/i copy, more, 50c 45c per characters,

all like are Girls me, morality Bayard. If the powerful R. BeeHive By Lyman A QUESTIONER: THE

the asks, Rise if Jesus Did from The Questioner "What will Church'our Church of a kind Dead? What

his solution of to problem. Triumphant Meaneth That Me?"play.What be? each. more, copy, 50c 20 or 1 hr. 45c per characters. 22

A LEGEND OF SAINT JOHN: By Lyman R. Bayard. A drama Catherine Folsom, Chairman Beeconcerning the Meaning of the Cross. Very powerful religious imHive Committee, General Board.

pression. 15 named characters. 1 hr. 50c per copy, 20 or more, 45c each.

wildfire through spread R. Bayard. One act play depicting Lyman By GALILEE: INTO

min., 8 characters. 45 Crucifixion and Resurrection. the Palestine of news of 35c per Uniforms

each. 30c more, 8 or

style dress of uniform charges, less mailing cover 10c to rates. refunded, Price J single copies at copy copy,SAMPLE Definition—A 10 days. within condition in is returned bepersons appearance by worn and

St., Angeles, Los So. Flower 1228! Dept. X-2 ifAddressAddisample good PUBLISHERS PAGEANT corps company, longing to some body, Calif, J

or rank, which distinguishes them as members of that body from persons, LINES whoSOUTHERN PACIFIC History—Whileare not members.badges of identifiOFFER

cation have been worn at all epochs

SPECIAL WINTER woreand whilethe liverythe followersof their master,of a lordtheoftenuse of a uniform costume by large bodies of men was unknown until the modern EXCURSION FARES era of large standing armies. The

FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN first advance beyond temporary badges

TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS was the use of a colored scarf to identify the various brigades of the SwedishVIA SAN FRANCISCO $50.50 Adolphus. under Gustavus armyTO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO REdevice spread readily. The dangerThisof

TURNING DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00 the use of such simple devices by an.

led of a to the adoption soonProportionately low definite less Early uniform. or

it well estabcentury STOPOVERSfares from all ALLOWEDother points ATin UTAH.ALL POINTSIDAHO and MONTANA enemymorein the I8th was

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1st lished. Changes in the styles followed;

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE experience and information gained durFor further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE ing each war. The service uniforms,

D. R. OWEN, GENERAL AGENT worn by all armies in the field at the

41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY present time are designed for comfort,,

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078 usefulness and inconspicuousness.

...

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 359

BeeHive Girls'Uniform—The BeeHive Girls'uniform was designed with

most of these ideas in mind and carrying out beehive symbolism. The tie MISSLOU SHRIMP is blue—the bees'favorite color, the

hat is brown and made in six sections just the thing for parties representing the hexagonal cell, and may be trimmed with a gold cord, the As charming in coloring as in flavor, three beehive colors. The emblems and shrimps lend themselves admirably to the

symbols are worn on the left sleeve. decorative arrangements, their pink contrasting is pleasingly with the green of letplaced near theBeginning top the fflssSL! tuce or parsley.beehive a violet with either side on

and the bee above; following on down Once you try MissLou Shrimp you

is the girl's symbol, swarm symbol, will appreciate the wide utility no less merit badges and bee lines in a parthan their attraction as a food and the ticular order. ease with which they may be served.

SALAD SHRIMP Girls are BeeHive proud to wear well MissLou can of Season Shrimp one as theirthe BeeKeeper same uniform pieces celery with; chop pepper a few salt and

little over well add. onion, and with a Pour interestedwears. BeeKeepers are who

sliced this garnish sauce, with mayonnaise and find, will make,in the uniform and tops. boiled beets eggs, lemon, hard and celery

opportunities for the girls to wear them Write Us for Recipe Booklet and help make them popular, thus preaching BeeHive organization. The MerrillKeyser Company

following suggestions for times and Manufacturer's Agents—Merchandise Brokers

places to use the uniform are offered: 328 West 2nd South Salt Lake City, Utah

at all BeeHive meetings and gatherings, especially when awards are given 'as ushers for M. I. A. union meetings

and quarterly conference meetings, drama productions, socials, etc.; as

assistants at banquets; while performactsing various of service, and parondeh Bread

ticularly filling cells. when Z. C. M. I. sells the uniform comITS SLOBAKED

plete, ready made for $5.00. A lighter

weight material is now available at the MADE OF FINE INGREDIENTSGeneral Board office, same price as w m formerly—35c per yard, 3 yards for and

$1.00. RICHER IN MILK

Points of Judgment for BeeIT'S SLOW BAKED!

Hive Contest TO BRING OUT THE GOODNESS

Retold Story OF IT ALL.

1. Choice of Story.

(a) Vivid dramatic action. '""*"!

(b) Little or no explanation.

(c) Description should be brief and colorful. 2. Originality. (a) Story not memorized but told in YOU CAN ASSIST

girl's own words, with interestIn the DEVELOPMENT of YOUR COMMUNITY ing parts quoted.

by Patronizing 3. Mechanics Storytelling. of

i your LOCAL.. ii DEALER-...——,.,

(natural (a) Voice pitch) (enunci-—- -y

ate clearly) REMEMBER—

(b) Posture (relaxation).

Interest. Your HOME MERCHANT is a Convenience as well as a 4. Attention and

(a) Did the story hold the attention Necessity.

of the audience? You can See and Inspect your Purchases from Him and Receive

(b) Was of SATISFACTION. the story clear and easy to his GUARANTEE

follow? Largely to the Support of Local Churches, Schools, He Contributes

Folk Dance Colleges, Charitable and Public Institutions.

the a French Road to Auvergne""On arranged dance of MONEY—song by G. K. Colby

Columbia University. Which you send to Distant Points for Supplies NEVER

1 Appearance. RETURNS to BENEFIT YOU or YOUR HOME TOWN.

(a) Appropriate costume, such as

BeeHive outfit with sport or gym shoes or sport outfit. (Deduction to be made for high heel Thealf Lafce shoes)

2. Character. <2o. /cflardivafe (a) dance or French folk dance Pocatello, Idaho song. Salt City, Utah Lake

dramatization (b) be done with To Boise, Idaho Wholesale Exclusively Colorado Junction. Grand

instruc- (See pantomime. and

tions with score.) o()!)Mliif

! i

360 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

t>H-0-M-(t-(lHH00(>M-(>-<>HfrUIMU4MK) 3. Correctness. 4. Per cent of swarm taking part. (a) Music—to be played as written.

be done as writ- (b) Dance of description Judges should be given ten. step—to familiarize themselves dance with it. and

Leieisure Hinours

(Continued from page 338) "Children are overstimulated bies which will teach them the joy

More Slices by the pace which grownups force of accomplishment. Her message

them to follow in their own to recreation directors was, "One per Loaf thoughtless pursuit of amuseof the most important things this is to show young... and Delicious ment,"said Mrs. Thos. A. Edison group can do

who also emphasized the value of people that the best things in life

Long Royal is so eventextured, helping children to discover hobare free."

firm and fresh. It is longer than

the oldstyle yc*u gives slices freshloaf—andslices more delicious

slices Afterself More nourishing, too, for Long Your

Royal is made with an extra meas- "VTOUR first duty in life is toward ships, hallowed through your joys;

ure of energyproducing ingredients. * your afterself. So live that building on them his own?

it Try it. for Ask by name. the in to away, ought you you fling it all Or will man be may the Made by makers of Royal Ophis possible, the decreeing actual. be be time that Far wantonlike, timistic Dbughnuts and Royal Loaf

Cakes. Royal Baking Co., Salt i away in the years he is waiting his man you might have been shall

Lake and Ogden. turn. His body, his brain, his soul never be?

in life is your problem is vastly which more Fresh Every Day at Your Grocer's!j arenot inhelpyourhimself.boyish hands.What willHe canyou theThisproblem

! leave him? Will it be a brain unto you than any or all others.

it? will a i spoiled meet dissipation; or you As a man by lust How LONG

It or as a before a fool? comes you to think mind trained and act;

nervous system true as a dial in today and every day and the hour ROYAL crisis is the its response in your to the truth about

Better let Bread—Better Baked you? JORDAN. Will you, come Boy, STARR him ofdestiny.—DAVIDyour choice

as a man among men in his time? i i i

Or will you throw away his inSuggested Faithpromoting heritance before he has had the Incidents chance to touch it? Will you turn

over to him a brain distorted, a Raised from the Dead Improvemind diseased, a will untrained to ment Era, September and October, 1929. action, a spinal cord grown Life G. of Karl Maeser—page devil through and through with of Healing Young Wom- A Case PEM SAYS—grass and wild oats. an's Journal, September, 1923, 25.page

"If it's for the OfficeWill you let him come and take 475.

his place, gaining Children's through your of Miracles A Day WE HAVE IT"experience, 1929. Friend, December, your friendhappy in

Filing Cabinets Transfer Cases Desks—ChairsSafes Monthly Report of Accomplishments Visible Records January, 1930

Desk Blotter Sets Calendar Pads Y. M. M. I. A.

Work Organizers Carbon Paper Week by Week Program i—

Type Paper a STAKES O01 -p Ribbon Type 13M2 2 n u 1-1u Ledger Forms So SundayJoint Meeting >

Business Office the Forms For 64 56 9 37 37 Bear 56 56 Lake 27 100 In stock or 84 100 printed 92 and 92 84 84 58 made up River to Bear 88 63 100 25 75 88 75 25 order Cache 100 100 60 100 100 100 80 18 12 55 Eastern States Mission 78 for furPembrokes ADDRESS 44 44 44 22 55 44 33 22 ther information, or a represen100 88 100 100 50 100 88 100 Ensign 37 37 37 25 25 37 tative Minidoka you. on

100 100 80 100 100 40 80 No. 40 Sanpete a pleasure No 80 80 64 48 16 32 64 States Mission 48 N. W.

to serveobligation—itswillyou.gladly call 73 58 19 58 Oneida 82 73 46 28

Pocatello 40 70 60 30 50 60 60 70

Portneuf 11 44 44 44 33 44 33 Salt Lake 15 100 60 15 75 66 100 100 24 C. BROADWAY SevierTaylor 8033 10050 8050 8050 10050 10033 10050 10050

Salt Lake City Utah\j tan Weber 2350 6725 6725 3425 7825 6725 89 8925

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 361

Y. L. M. I. A.

Weeh by Week Program The Book of Life!

Poetry, Narrative, Biography, DescripuV tion. % for every reading Right mood STAKES 31 uo oV is every in mind, and contained ni41 '3

History's btfV> e "3 oB Book 9 isj *> o u Sundi Joint Meet -s < 3 Bibleheritage—The of today. of Life—thegreatest

Alberta 40 50 30 30 50 40 50 50 83 100 50 83 66 83 83 100Alpine Wanted 80 30 45 59 77 77 59 77Blackfoot sincere, or Christian Educated, man 33 11 22 22 11 22 33Bannock to to service render genuine woman 64 55 36 64 55 46 64 36Bear Lake: specially childhood humanity, a by * 100 85 76 59 68 34 42 RiverBear Organization. National Reply imme33 66 50 66 66 50 66leaver diately. execopportunity for Unusual 100 100 43 64 64 14 71 57Benson position. utive assured. income Good 90 30 30 50 90 80 70 80

100 77 70 100 77Boxelder 77 86 100 100 100 100 86 100 100100 JOHN RUDIN Write& COMPANY, INC.

13 25 50 38 38Carbon 50 25* 10062 1018 So. Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111. 80 68 60 60 60 100

30 80 80 60 80 50 60 80 Deseret 17 50 42 68 60 50 50 34 30 23 40 30 20Duchesne.... 40 40* 7055 82 73 73 64 55 73

56 33 44 56 11 56Emery 75 100 100 100 100 56* 10067 Another WinnerEnsign 30 100 100 55 73 73 73 55 91Franklin 100 86 86 100 72 57 100 72Fremont 48 37 37 33 41 41 Garfield - 48 48 50 100 90 80 10 10 100* 10079 57 79 65 72 43 57 100 100 56 68 68 56 68 82Gunnison 100 37 82 82 37 82 73 100Hollywood 90 90 60 90 80 90 100 27 Falls2Idaho 80 80 80 80 80 80 80 40 83 100 17 33 67 33 50 67 Kanab 67 50 67 83 83 83 67 Kolob....* 100 100 75 100 100 83 75Liberty

.... 45 55 91 91 91 82 55Logan

* 80 100 60 60 30 50 50 70Los Angeles 67 50 17 33 33 33 50 33 75 62 62 75 62 62 12 62Malad 100 100 100 90 70 90 80 60 Maricopa 100 83 83 83 100 100 50 100Millard Minidoka 13 37 13 25 25 50 62 44 56 54 54 73 67 100 100 54 23 40 54 61 54 23* 10069 50 50 25 37 37 87Morgan

Moroni 100 100 60 60 80 60 80 80 60 100 100 100 60 100 Mt. Ogden

68 100 82 100* 10082 100 100 DavisNorth 100 80 100 80 100 100 80North Sanpete 20 4* 57 21 50 78 28 15 36North Weber

Ogden 73 64 82 73 91 82 73 91 Oneida 46 65 64 46 64 37 82 82

Oquirrh 100 100 100 100 100 50 33 100

Palmyra 78 89 55 78 67 55 89 78 17 17 33 17 17 17 17 33 Parowan 30 70 60 50 60 50 50 60

Pioneer 90 90. 70 40 80 100

Pocatello 100* 100100 Miss Wilma Peters 10 90 80 40 90 80 25Portneuf 50 37 25 25 37 100 17 50 66 Following letter has been reRaft River 33 33 66 33 50

Rigby 36 50 46 30 57 43 64 64 ceived by Henager's Business Col40 Roosevelt 50 70 50 40 8Salt 30 20* 10090 lege, from the Remington Type69 38 92 76 76 100 Lake 33 33 67 67 33 67 674San Juan 67 writer Co., Buffalo, N. Y. 34 100 67 100 67 67 67 67 Sevier 67 100 83 80 100 50 100 100 We wired you today that Miss Wilma

Sharon 15 30 39 46 39 15 8 100 Peters lias qualified for our Accuracy

Shelley 55 67 67 55 78 55 100 78 Award as a result of test written a few

Snowflake 20 60 67 30 50 30 40 60 days ago and it is with, a great deal of

South Davis 50 100 100 85 100 100 100 100 pleasure that we award this young

So. Sevier 61 61 50 50 73 25 50 61 lady, as a result of her extraordinary

"Star Valley 9 55 64 27 45 64 82 91 accomplshment and with our compliSummit 8 41 28 28 41 41 41 68 ments, a new Remington No. 12. Such

Taylor 20 80 100 80 100 100 60 80 an unusual start as a student anticiTeton 54 54 27 80 100 100 60 80 pates extraordinary accomplishments 100 field 100 100 34 100 67 100 of business. 83 enters the she Timpanogos when

100 Office 50 50 50 100 Tintic Salt 75 to our are asking Lake 56 56.67.. 56 56 56 56 Peters. Tooele to Miss machine 56 Wepresent the

60 60 20 60 Twin Falls 60 50 30 40 50 60 50 60 100* 60 Againwinner, congratulatingetc."you and the

100 33 44 100 100 67 73 78 Utah total 86twenty- a of makes This 23 89 85 85 89 'Wasatch 78 78 * 83 17 50 100 67 83Wayne students typewriters four by won * 45 78 78 67 78 34 100 Weber * 85 85 73 85 61 Jordan 100 48 8West Business Henager's of teachers and 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 100 Woodruff accuracy. speed for and 90 60 40 50 50 'Yellowstone 80 100 80 College

25 25 25 25 25 Young 25 The school has had the largest 80 40 100 60 25 60 100 Zion Park 40 21 30 18 3 18 33 33 36 winter enrollment in its history.

20 20 20 20 20 40 20 Mission Canadian 15 40 The classes are so arranged that 25 20 5 10 45 Mission Central States 6 11 54 54 16 16 States Mission Eastern 6 6 12 25 19 30 new students may enroll at any 37 States Mission Northern time and progress just as rapidly hold to Gold and 1One ward Green Ball February 10. as their application and ability will holding not meetings. wards 2Two

play oneact participated in three 3Ten wards projects. permit. Visitors are always welheld in Green Ball to be February. Gold and *One

"One ward holding Gold and Green Ball in February. come and inquiries cheerfully anSeveral holding Gold wards and Green Balls in February. swered. Positions are obtained for night. joint held conference ward 'One

its 1 completed has Jordan sWest Ward is five class; Gleaner noTA%JuniorEra;quota.three no BeeHive. graduates as soon as their course no 9Four wards have Stake Event. completed.—Adv.

362 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

Out of the Burning, {Continued from page 331)

the assurance she wanted. Echo

had not really fainted.

J\S soon as James was safely in court and Portia had gone for her riding lesson, Echo hurried to Eunice. She had not been

permitted to enter the house since the death of the old judge.

"You dared to come!"cried

Eunice. "He said you could not

come.""He said so, but / said nothing,"Electricity is at Echo displayed a spirit hitherto foreign to her nature. "Show me

the clothes, Eunice.! 'Hurry! My

baby! My Pamela your door today

is say the to have word. do Alternately

Electric DelcoLight 1930 No need to wait a youYour verging on is Light ready. share crying and laughing, Plant and You Power

minute longer yoursthis plantalonewithto useno oneindependentelse. It's ofyoursothers.and clothes.hysterics, "Look,Echo identifiedEunice, herethe istinythe

ElectricPower—Electric Lights embroidery I spoiled. See how I

in That's 5, but 193 the knots. bungled French NOW! And DelcoLight have plenty you o NOT elecquickly can have you how still is in the to the basting thread of power do WithPOWER—lots it—electric

It's tricity place. at your your on the the the to sweeping, washing, milk the the bonnet. of back And separator, to run cows, the to this cream while reading are door you

I tied locket! Porblue feed, silk on a grind the score other of and to do is to All decide page. have you do

electric have an water can You tell to Pamela's, it. pink on tia's and to tasks. that don't have want you You system. a have laundry, can You modern

act. act for to others can wait them. You opening apart without them a fresh plenty bathroom, of and running

your accord. So don't put water for the stock. on own is Tell me, child! our O she

will Then, course, of you it off longer. Waitany all right? is she honest; Eunice; safe clean, have electric ing brighten won't

lights. light can You abused? or been she maimed up Has lighten your or home every the house, corner of

see her!"Let me chores. your Decide the the barn, outbuildings,

today to put an end to and the barnyard. "She is asleep. Perhaps she is so

waituseless needless, elecMail Coupon weary she will sleep all day. Be ing have and

If out. she cry not do quiet and is investone tricity this very

actually that for week. mentDelcoLight pays questions. has ask She wakens, no

itself. Our new book Everything is Ready suffered privations. never has She that. it proves for Send

today. you have And when like Portia. it? sheltered has She get been you How can

read Haveeleclocal the see Simply there in Nest living been Crow's with cityNOW.It'syoursit,don'twait. DelcoLight man DelcoLight, the easy, practime. remember all the Will or wattThis Rednew Line4cylinder,DelcoLight1500 tri you

mail the coupon. All develops 3 H.P. at the pulley. tical and inexpensive way to be quiet?"

Echo gulped and nodded. Together they tiptoed into the big

bedroom. DELCOLIGHT LIGHT ELECTRIC DEPENDABLE POWER AND still little bed, lay in the form A

Systems Residence Also Water Manufacturers of face the to in the contrast marked Commercial Delcogas Use HouseholdIj> Electric for and and

PRODUCTS OF GENERAL MOTORS white pillows. Grimy, hardened

Distributed by hands protruded from the volumiELECTRIC LIGHT AND REFRIGERATION CO. nous sleeves of the overlarge gown.

1315 East First South St. (Phone Wasatch 7914) Salt Lake City, Utah. A foot stuck out from the covers,

revealing a misshapen toenail.

DELCOLIGHT COMPANY, Subsidiary of General Motors Corporation, 9-1 29 "She was barefooted and carried Ohio. Dept. A-60, Dayton,

Send me 36 page illustrated book "New Way to Farm Profits"that shows how easy it these shoes,"whispered Eunice.

is to have DelcoLight right now.

Name R.F.D.

Town County State.. JlLCHO gazed at the

sleeping child as if determined to impress her features upon her own

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 363

mind forever. Then the sleeper *0 **! >*!.*

stirred and muttered, "Fs too How much do you spend for weary ter hoe thet thar corn.

Them rows is so long."Echo, unRadio $ 150?

able to longer control her emotions, fled to the lower floor. There she Auto $1,000?

sank into a rocker and wept, much Shows *?

as Cassy had done, back in the cabin on the mountain side. j Then why not buy a BETTER MATTRESS, and enjoy

"My baby! My baby!"she BETTER, the other dollars you spend.

cried. "Her poor little rough

hands!""Last night she talked about | PIONEER MATTRESS FACTORY

carrying water and shelling corn,"Salt Lake City, Utah added Eunice. Makers of the famous "BLUEBIRD"Mattress

"Something has hurt her foot,"sobbed Echo.

"She did not know what a night gown was for,"added Eunice, shedding a few tears on her own account.

"Those awful shoes!"wailed

Echo. "All she had. You oughtto see Portia's closet floor! Silver For beautiful new

and gold pumps for dancing, mules for mornings, oxfords for school, tennis shoes, hiking boots and ridinterior decorationing boots! O Eunice, how unfair

life has been. The one receiving

little. too the othertoo much;...

unfilled in modish colors had an has neverPortia wish. Already she is spoiled and

disobedient!"Use "But she is here, Echo; you can

overcome those physical differences."

LLCHO gazed in silencefor a few moments at the display Bennett's of infantile proof of parentage. "Property Life Insurance"

"James is so stubborn he will never admit he could have been wrong,"she finally added. "He will neverown her as his child. Portia will Gloss Interior

never own her as a sister, she is too selfish to share."

. "I will keep her, Echo.""Yes, keep her."Echo's subFinish

mission was her old self, choosing the path of least resistance.

with happier far will be"She you 8 "Beautiful New Shades ever they won't for me, withthan recognize her. I have a small annuity from my grandmother, MADE BY THE MAKERS OF

it to bring you I willEunice. for BENNETT'S PURE PAINTS her; clothe make her;her. Educate

her beautiful, more beautiful than

Portia. Then they will want

her."Bennett Glass & Paint "If I take her, I will keep her."

Eunice Harrison could be fully asdetermined as her brother when ocCompany casion demanded. "I will not educate a child, remold her, only to 65 West First South Street

give her up. If James does not Salt Lake City

want his child when she is forlorn and pitiful, then he cannot

364 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

have her when the transformation face broke into a wide smile and is complete. I will name her Curly she ran toward Portia, with a wide

for Harrison the present. gesture of embrace. When IN ANY she chooses, she her can assume "Curly! My least one!"she

rightful name."cried, as the girl added, "Curly, WEATHER 'You and I together, Eunice, I'm agettin'married ter Abe!"

will make up to her for what she

Burn has"Webeen willdenied!"bring her out of the PORTIA Harrison,

burning, clear, perfect china,"the immaculate, the overdressed,

Eunice quoted solemnly. "She the self assured, was embarrassed

will be a stronger character for her at this sudden show of affection.

privations, a better woman than She retreated to the shelter of Miss KNIGHT her pampered sister!"Dawson whom she usually ignored.

"Curly,"pleaded the mountain days later Portia "don't youns TWO ma?"know the longwoman, followed by Spring Harrison,

are mistaken,"you "Madam, governess, present ever suffering, said dignity. with Miss Dawson house. court the past sauntered

is the daughter of Judge "This getwere folks country of party Canyon A hastened Harrison."away They top. ancient white of ting an out stood the but mountain woman gorge- a girl wearing was young A if transfixed, after as gazing them ribblue a long red and shawl ous

girl the while her beside continued Portia, hair. her up bound bon

call. stare to see and youns "Did vethe curiosity over impelled byCOAL clothes, her purty ma? Weuns it. at gaze to hicle, stopped never thet purCurly war knowed k. she called HOT Dawson,""Look,

ter will be proud ty! Bud know 'MIkJLjTOOiSfe'I; FORME!IT'S abruptness, her customary with thet Curly's grand!"

S;;:;b::?::>:- "Aren't they funny? The queerest ever! They might have come

tomb!'Tut's out of King to continued C.-ASSY

Portia, "Really, Miss it is not stare until pulled her Steve Turner kind to make remarks about peogently and whispered, "Weuns ple's appearances. Perhaps they gotter tend ter Millie, Ma. Thet Utah's cleanest, hottest cannot afford better. If—war the tother least one!"

and hardest coal is the all "Sermon enough,"interrupted And Portia Harrison, hastening

Portia. "Look at the woman's homeward at a gait that taxed her

purpose fuel you have been teeth!"companion, spoke repugnantly

seeking. Whether you "Why did those horrid people

girl speak to me? Who is this Curly want a steady heat or a 1 HE mountain

had been returning Portia's stare. they talked about? Oh, Dawson,

gentle, idling blaze in your Now she nudged the older woman if I had teeth like that I would furnace, range or stoker, and called, "Ma, look, it's Curly!"die of chagrin!"

The woman turned quickly, her (To be continued) Knight Coal can do it. It's

—it'sclean andhardstraightand abovegrainedall, a Flower Garden it's hot! Every Home Needs

(Continued from page 324) Make your next order a ton of Knight Spring Canto us, in beauty, a thousandfold. ings from the cups of the tulips,

Flowering shrubs and everand peace from the breath of yon Coal. greens mask the ugly foundations honeysuckle. Let us start a flower

of the manmade house in loveligarden this year, and discover with ness, and vines drape the drab the poet:

walls with living leafiness. A KNIGHT stretch of emerald green sward, "No lilymuffled hum of summer

reaching all around to the perenbee FUEL nial borders with their compleBut finds some coupling with ments of spring, flowering bulbs the spinning stars:

and gay annual flowers, makes of No pebble at your foot, but CO. the poorest and meanest home a proves a sphere;

818 Newhouse Building heaven on earth. Earth's crammed with heaven,

Salt Lake City, Utah Let us have roses everywhere. And every common bush afire

L. E. Adams, General Sales Mgr. Let us delight in the lupines and with God:

larkspurs that lift their azure stems But only he who knows takes heavenward. Let us drink blessoff his shoes."

The Improvement Era for March, 1930 365

Stampeded (Continued from page 344) I CHECK UP NOW too people Par check manyat first she the place where had met cases, realize they that they overlooked up theirsomething—thatinsurance aftertheya loss.were Then,not adequatelyin many

protected. sinceLawrence, then and which

had become their favorite rendezday Letin andthis dayagencyout knowcheck howup onmanyyour dollarsinsurancemightnow.haveWebeenwhosavedare ifpayingpeoplelosseshad

vous. She sat quietly waiting, and | called a reliable insurance agent in time.

the longer she waited the harder it knowledgeYears ofof theexperiencerisks thatprotectingthreatenotheryou, propertyand the insuranceowners havethat givenwill protectus valuableyou.

seemed for her to go back. Cars See Our Agent in Your Town

passed. Some stopped at the cabin

for a time and then continued on.How many remained she could not Utah Home Fire Insurance Co.

say. Dinner time came and went. HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

She must return in time to see him but not yet awhile. The sun

slowly sank leaving disconsolate shadows to creep up the valley, ascending higher and higher until they embraced the peaks above her.

Twilight deepened and the night came on stealthily. She simply

must go back. There was someone

coming down the trail. It was

Lawrence Davis. She heaved a.sigh of relief. How glad she was.YOUR

to see him. His very presence gave

her strength and courage. FINE THINGS "So here you are,"he said. "I

thought perhaps I would find you here."ARE SAFE

"I'm so glad to see you, Lawrence,"she exclaimed.

"And I you,"he replied. Then

after a pause he said rather huskily, "Hazel, I have come to say goodbye."

in evNCLUDED she gasped. "Goodbye?"**-I ery wardwoman's

it matter "Does much to you?"robe are certain pieces

"Why, I—I—I can't—"of clothing she prizes.

They're safe in a Haag.

XT.E took her hands in Then, there's the baby

clothes—sheer, dainty restshis. "It whether with you

little dresses. Soiled

it shall a perbe or a temporary manent farewell."though they may be, they'll come spotless from the Haag,

Suddenly he seized her in his which washes them with utmost care and caution.

arms. "Dearest,"he breathed, "I The Haag 75 (illustrated) combines every modern feature

love you, I adore you. You mean essential to safe, thorough laundering, and does all the hard

so much to me that I cannot live work mechanically. Even the wringer is new, with balloonhere longer and have our relationtype rolls of soft rubber.

ship remain as it is. But, if you

care for me I should return to you Free yourself from the drudgery of washday. See this Haag 75 at your nearest dealer's store. It can be had withthough I were at the end of the

earth."either 4-cycle Briggs & Stfatton gasoline engine or % H. P.

General Electric motor.

It had come. What could she

herMOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

self. say, I can't OGDEN, UTAHdo? "I—I—honestlySlowly she disengaged

Lawrence. Sometimes I think it's Stores at Ogden, Salt Lake City, Twin Falls, Idaho Falls, Buhl, Shelley

I love and sometimes I thinkyou "We Will Treat You Right"it's Ludlow."Dr.

"Dr. Ludlow!"he exclaimed.

"I wasn't aware that you even knew him.""It's silly, I know, but please don't laugh at me. I—I don't

know him. Never saw him in my

366 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

I have heard so much her being able to tell him to come life but—but

Dr. had Ludlow and now so much about back, of him—thought <ifhe getting her to even gone without that I have wondered—him,

see him. Well, it had been her

own fault. She had acted like a

finish. she start to All fool from the proprice. to pay the was the could do now 3mfmd longed honking1 HEREof a hornwas upon

dugway. Throwing herself on the bed she

"I must go. Dearest, can't you buried her face in the pillows to

Trombone give me an answer before I leave?"drown her sobs.

She remained silent holding to "Anything the matter, Hazel?"

shaking hands. arm with asked her mother at the door.Beginners and Professional his goodbye. I must go.""Then

Players find that KING Reluctantly he disengaged himself started away. and the reinstruments effort meet she an ITH sobbed. she "Lawrence!"

sufficiently Wherself to controlled all occasionsquirements of at side in her an back was He reading."Just say, Mother. "No, his in arms. her instant, holdingin superior a very manner. the paper snatched LawShe up face tearstained raised her and She Trial. to her given good rence Free make Terms. hadEasy

at miserably. "Oh, looked up him front very the pretense. her On

I I say. say. can't can't Lawrence, the About Ask KING New ap- a picture Davis of page Mr.

I shall do?"What SILVER CLARINET berelief just while in bold peared

all right,"said chokhe "It's incredulously. stared neath:—she can't you. "I blame ingly. overstrained nerves her Here Suddenly

is my new address and here is this snapped and she went off into peal morning's paper containing an item after peal of hysterical laughter.

which explains the reason for my Her mother rushed in, "Why, abrupt departure. When you have Hazel, whatever is the matter?"she

had time to know what your feelcried as she seized her by the shoulings are toward me, please write. ders and shook her vigorously.

If you want me I shall come back at that,"to you. Oh, how gladly I shall "Why—why just look

come back."He bent and kissed screamed Hazel, pointing at the

her and was gone. picture. "Isn't it killing?"

"I don't see anything the matter with it,"replied Mrs. March.

knees to her sank jHE Hazel was don't?"and "You address the paper clutching and of off another into paroxysm "Father hands. in her convulsively

read below. It "Just she laughter. to help Heaven, know,"in me it's Dr. it says that Your Ludlow."

felt she a time After prayed.

Sousaphone calmer and rising made her way Mrs. March took her in her

offers of King one it is dear, Dr. Lud- "Hazel, arms. let herself cabin. She to the back finest the and most merely an Davis was low. Mr. noisewent at the door and back lines complete of in

basses in the world lessly to her room. After lighting assumed name."

today. for One mirror the in she looked a lamp he doshould why every player "But—but disin reflection at her stared and sobering. asked,. Hazel that?"every and

dress she sight a was; may. What need. suggesat our only did it "He Let point us out red eyes disheveled, hair wrinkled, to you, the mer- I I explain before tion. Though its that she Hastily removed swollen. have and

ousaphoneslaced Kingin as much of the damage as possible want to ask you a question. Do

the lead. and then stepped into the living you love him?"

MAIL TfflS COUPON TODAY room. Her parents were conversJust use pencil if more convenient ing quietly. No one else was in WMfwWWMWWMnwuwMAAnnnAnAiwwwiAiMmMMWVvwMMsnAAMMvuv

Consolidated Music Co., (IE) sight. JT'OR a time she was

Salt 121 So. Lake, Main, Utah is silent, striving for adjustment. Mr. ""Why, where is he—where postpaid prices, catalogs, Send me KING easy terms and details rtf,rour FREE Dr, Ludlow?"she asked with conDavis: handsome, chivalrous,

TRIAL PLAN. No obligation to me. cern. clever, affectionate; and Dr. LudName.. "He had to leave a short time low: successful, distinguished,

Address ago in order to catch a train for sought after; all wrapped into one.

the East. But where on earth have It scarcely seemed possible it came

Visit Us When in Salt Lake you been? We were getting quite so near being her ideal. Finally

FIRST OF ALL RELIABILITY worried about you."she said: "I'm afraid I almost

dear, But, him. worship Mother could answer. She not A huge CONSOLIDATED CN it?"whatever do made you arose in she her lump throat and MUSIC COMPMY beat a hasty retreat to her room to "My dear child, it seemed the

121 So. Main, Salt Lake hidemuch;herLawrenceemotions.had leftIt waswithouttoo onlyinto awayfuturewe ofcouldhappiness."stampede youi

The Improvement Era for March9 1930 36\

SMOOTHER acceleration, particularly appreciated in city driving—smoother and more certain taking of the hills in high

better control of the car at all times—are yours when you

use PepEthyl. For here's a motor fuel that combines the antiknock performance of Ethyl fluid with the powerful, wellbalanced

qualities of Pep gasoline. Together, they form a combination that

can't be surpassed!

PepEthyl not only "knocks out that knock,"but it also lowers costs per mile by delivering additional power. It means

less gear shifting, less running in second. Eases strain on engine

parts. Gives prolonged efficiency. Saves time lost by frequent

layup for carbon removal. Saves motor repair expenses.

The advantages of Ethyl gasoline are available only through pumps displaying the Ethyl emblem. Don't accept substitutes.

And there is only one PepEthyl. It is sweet and clean. All gums,

sulphur compounds and other matter which cause trouble and CJhe GPS with a PUNCHunpleasantness have been eliminated. WEM

WITH Use PepEthyl. It will bring new life to your car, new enjoyment motoring, to your new economy. Look for PepEthyl ETHYL insigns everywhere the intermountain region.

BRAND OF. ANTIKNOCK-COMPOUND.

Manufactured and Guaranteed by [ ETHYLCORPORATIONGAS0L1NB),

UTAH OIL REFINING CO., Salt Lake City

368 The Improvement Era for March, 1930

Mutual Work Continued Executive Officers Dates of Division Contests Stake in Division 8—Monday, May 19th—at Richfield—Sevier

Charge.

Spanish Fork—Palmyra Division 7—Tuesday May 20th—at

Stake in Charge.

Division 6—Thursday, May 22nd—at Brigham City—BoxelderATLet us tell youHOME!how you can quickly and Stake in Charge.

easily favorite learn instrument, your Division 5—Saturday, May 24th—at Preston—OneidaFrank- in in right spare your your and toownplay home in Charge. time. lin Stakes will popular, you everyMusic welcomed make

where, bigmoneyopportunities. and offermany Stake Division May Pocatello—Pocatello 26th—at 4—Monday, as Easy A-B-C in Charge. nothing about to music need begin. You know We

individual instruction give you Division June satisfaction. start guarantee fromwill the your andpersonal, rightYou Lake City—General 5th—Salt 3—Thursday, delighted surprised and that be can music be made in Charge. Board fascinating. and so easy

in Courses Piano,Violin,Voice,Trumpet, MandoDivision Board Banjo, Banjo, Organ, Tenor Spanisn Guitar, 2—General

Surprisingly cost; Guitar. lin,Hawaiian low easy terms. Salt Division Lake May City—Liberty 1—Wednesday, in Charge.28th—at for Catalog Send Our Today New in Charge. all It will great about you in Stake School—now

26th successfultell the andthis wonderful year—National if desired. judges General for Division meets will send Board that itsAcademy Method has meant to success over

200,000 it Send for right now, it.students. is while think It youenthusiastic of FREE.

NATIONAL ACADEMY OF MUSIC Dept. 306 702 East 41st Street, Chicago A Gleaner Message

(CONTRIBUTING to the honor of her home will be protected. If Index and happiness of our home is we can impress her to do all m her

probably the greatest sheaf we power to make the home a delight to Advertisers have ever attempted to gather and to the members of her family, hapBeneficial Life Insurance Comfind. piness will be there, but happiness

pany Back Cover Do our Gleaner leaders concannot exist where there is no

ComGlass & Paint Bennett this year's sheaf? Are honor. and we filled For true honor, men

pany enthusiasm the interest died unhesitatingly and have women Music Company 33 666 3 with Consolidated

Continental Baking Company -35 9 necessary to stimulate each girl to and the root of it all is courage,

Continental Oil Company 35 8 be an attractive Gleaner in her the fearlessness to assert one's self

Company 306 Music DaynesBeebe faith in abides her that she be of today? when a Ruth 3 home—to 35 Company Deseret Book is right. the glory Surely of Lather impress with the If we can 352 Corporation Deseret Foods

Deseret News Press 354 fearlessness to assert herself in the terday Saint homes can remain unElectric Light 8 Refrigeration.3 61 presence of temptation and quesblemished, if this message of fearCorporation—.305 Securities First lessness, if right tionable be injected can impulses, which to do that 355 Company.- Yeast Fleischmann girls. the'he hearts of our to be right, honor into she knows 3 62 College Business Henager's

Independent Coal 8 Coke 358 Knight Fuel Company 3 64 Landes 8 Company 35 2 359 MerrillKeyser Company Pocatello North Ward on Honor Roll 357 Scraper Works Miskin

Mountain States Implement T'HE Pocatello North Ward must be 100% Life Memberships. The

365 Company * roll, placed on the honor having workers there are to be congrat68 National Academy of Musk—.3 sent Office its to the General quota of ulated. Publishers 357 Pageant

Pembroke Company 360 Pioneer Mattress Factory 363 Porter Walton Company 351 Quish School of Beauty Culture 35 4

Regal Cleaning 8 Dyeing Company 3 5 6

Royal Baking Company 360 Rudin, John S Company 361 Salt Lake Hardware Company 35 9

Salt Lake Knitting Store 355 Salt Lake Mattress Company 351

Salt Lake Pressed Brick 308 Sego Milk Company 35 6 Southern Pacific R. R. Company, 3 5 7

Utah Gas & Coke Company.

Inside Back Cover Utah Home Fire Insurance Company 365 Utah Oil Refining Company- 3 67

Z. C. M. I. Inside Front Cover

AUTOMATIC HOUSE HEATING

spring just over the horizon it is a good WITH time to plan the modernization of your home.

Consider Natural Gas. For house heating

heat that is clean, uniform, healthful, convenient, and surprisingly economical. Modern cooking on Natural

CHEERY FIREPLACE HEATERS Gas ranges that are marvels of beauty and efficiency.

Hot water at all hours by automatic Natural Gas water heaters.

Other conveniences to make your home really mean home—Sanitary garbage disposal with a Natural Gas

incinerator. Cheery and attractive fireplace heaters to

SANITARY INCINERATORS take the chill off these spring evenings. And, of course,

automatic and silent Natural Gas refrigerators that "iiiiiTTiit have no moving parts to go wrong..IIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIHIIIIIIIII,3

- 5WbOW Come in and let us talk over your needs—no charge

rViW. and no obligation for estimates.

AUTOMATIC REFRIGERATION Phone or Write for Information

Coke O '45 GasMAIN SALT Utah45 SOUTH GOOCo. Wasatch THEASK THOUSANDS MAINGasCompanyWASATCH—PH0NE SaltPHONE SOUTHServing WASATCHCity l30LAKE CITY ServintL

KA\SV\\.lf.(Bri,nd,CW>re)>>ltoi>eKilsi>ilte200LAY7ON"

- BOUNTIFUL FARMINGTON CENTERVILLE "MAGNA use Gas Ogdeawho ake>CompanyST. 174 -"PHONE MTWENTV'fOURTH GABFIELD"MUBI)AY(SranchQ?in!jP<irm.y5SJ qflcduHal TOOELE

Qgtfrn Serving --SANDY-- GAS -MIDVALE

If It's a Beneficial Policy It's the Best Insurance You Can Buy

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

HOME OFFICE—SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

* 9he BIG HOME COMPANY HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, General Manager

WHERE YOU GET PARTICIPATING INSURANCE AT LOW NONPARTICIPATING RATES <* "F * *.