- -V '*'--

UJ JDo,oV) 3M>

o c a! Jo 0) o i3 CUJXu o BY game, u. VI3 TJ *-'to t/iC *-c

niversity. a c CD -o o o 3 0)u uc 5o J3 II TJ o u 05c o-c 3O.2O 3 01 3ob J -a-C TJz 1 CD in TO E enui oo OfUJ E.a 0LU e.- 'c o 3 5 0 at ac t/i E4) HI3o- * u E COO a> COO Q. 01 TO UJCD 3 eaSUI TJ Eo e '5>oSo jj C SC I E O E E E E E 5 \-uo ou a. eUJ d d as a u d E >oz E E i o o 6. Q. oCO oc 6 < < oo d d om

'o d>'o CD N. w o K < on"- oo <a 023i-X 3 oz

Xi5u. to< 3i/>

c in c—o.0,jf3 D D 'C X< E I *uo O Ja D *—3—E ajD to a D o 2 S x M-T2 * o i *"C 52 o 1?"8- O>o D 1 u Q. Q o o 8.E > E i- t so J? a c 3 o

'q. D CO -o E"ou O, w c 1 a -c >+-.E i-a > =O) E c 3 co c Oo D "IS 2 Ea) o c a D 9 "S c/> u>—

l/l. o o in D c -Q - 0}

O.5 a> i -ao D c "5 a E * o o u -Dto C T3 2 E *S 3o D) D>n w>w C +- *i T3 Oo in D 3 O Da to "C 2 E to. C o

-iJ O u.r OQ So i II O to -0 o o illo t Cs233 1= 3$t

-* c a 0s<? i- ato lao <o O o - 0f> C -c "* +:<j iD> o.2"

t: Q.T! N 6. c3!i U 9 *"> OX >s C D *Z >-

TO o.r <n +-o i- o1- c c o

> 2 tou "DC > C -C * c3= s.1 = w +- co3 O) c Q. D O

v- *- >. E.E o 3 *<J) -—D to Du <o.3 D.t c c

to t= c c is ""CL E O) 3 -.-a. -C >s D U 3 c Q o 2,

<o JO * - -C 5 D 0to XO O E E c.E X toc o u to a (3)C Eo -C to - Q CQ c I? o

E Eox—i. o a

Have you seen Exploring these exciting NEW the Universe p4*tlUtM By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. NOW on the back of each 5 and 10

pound bag. Topquality, namebrand,

kitchenware at surprising savings.

Skillet (popular MANY SCIENTIFIC JOURNALS with10"chickencover andfryer)

The latest edition of World List of nylon spatula

Scientific Periodicals gives the titles ($6.75 value) $3.75.

of over 60,000 different journals which have been published.

GO DEEP FOR OIL There are a few oil fields which are producing from depths of 15,000 to 22,000 feet. An assessment of the

world's petroleum resources by Ira

H. Cram points out that the greatest

volume of sediments in the world's deep hunting grounds occur in the

Gulf Coast province of the United

States and the Persian Gulf province Griddle, UV2"of the Near East. Technically it is value)family $2.75.size ($4.95

possible to go as deep as 30,000 feet for oil. Saute pan, handy 8"size ($3.50 value) $2.25

WEST BEND TEFLONCOATED NOSTICK-NOSCOUR COOKWARE

Nostick cooking DuPontapproved finish

Noscour cleanup Heavyduty, evenheating aluminum

WEST BEND MIXERMATE 3-PC.

STAINLESS STEEL MIXING BOWL SET

Won't corrode, chip, crack, rust

Designed for any electric mixer

Gemhard stainless steel Fit together for easy storage.

NEW GLASSES DEVELOPED andFor completeU and I label.set send $2.75

Glasses which darken in sunlight and clear again when the light fades have been developed by two differDept., IA U and I Sugar—West Bend offers

ent processes. Corning Glass Works P. 0. Box 218, Rockfield, Wisconsin

following: Please the price send enclosing am shown plus one bottom Jabel glasshas a "photochromic"by made

I lb. any from U and item. bag for each Sugar 5 or I 10conventional includes methods but

submicroscopic silver halide crystals D Teflon saute pan—$2.25 plus U and I label.which give it the special property. Teflon Griddle—$2.75 plus U and I label.

The other method due to Mellon InTeflon skillet, with cover and spatula—$3.75 plus U and I label.stitute and Pittsburgh Plate Glass Stainless Steel bowl set (3 pieces)—$2.75 plus U and I label.

Co. uses europium-2 or cerium-3 NAME.

which absorb sunlight which makes changes in the material to give it the STREET OR RFD absorbing property. CITY STATE ZIP CODE

NOTE: You can send the bottom label from any bag of U and I Sugar for any of these offers.

The offer you wish does not have to appear on the bag you send in. Please allow three to four weeks

for delivery. This offer void in any territory where prohibited. Offer expires December 31, 1965.

OCTOBER 1964 801 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ.of the'Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

Contents for October 1964 Volume 67, Number 10

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: My Faith in Youth and in Clean Literature, Art801 Direction:Art: Ed MaryonRalph Reynolds

President David O. McKay 812 815810 Art:Art: GustaveEd MaryonDore

816 Photo: News BureauBYU

Your Question: Was the Priesthood Ever Completely Taken 817 Photo: George Pickow

from the Earth? President Joseph Fielding Smith.; 814 820818 Photo:Photo: UnderwoodStrattonDoyle L. Green

821 Photo: Adelbert Bartlett

822 Art: Ted Nagata

The Church Moves On, 808; Melchizedek Priesthood, 868; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 870. 82425Photo:Art: ErnstVirginiaWittkeSargent

82829 Art: Ed Maryon

832 Photo: Ramon Winegar

Special Features 870 Art: WarrenPosed Luchby Gwen Barney

87273 Photo: Maurice Scanlon

Virginia Art: Sargent

Art:Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Hugh Nibley 816 87688195 and Phyllis Luch Warren

Matching Men and Jobs, Harvey L. Taylor 822 896 Art: Ed Maryon

How to Attain Financial Objectives, Ira J. Markham 826 All otherStudioart arid photos: Ralph Reynolds

How Old Is the Earth? Paul Cracroft 828

Welcome to Our Ward, Jim Robinson 831

That Others May Know (I Married a Nonmember), Anonymous 832

Genealogy: The Proper Interpretation of Dates 834

Behold, Many Are Called, but Few Are Chosen, Leland H. Monson...836

Helping Others Make Decisions and Solve Problems, O. Ray Warner 838

Philosophy and the Latterday Saint Teacher, Neil J. Flinders 840

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 847, 850, 878 Information on reservations tor

housing accommodations while attending the World's Fair may be

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 801; Letters and Reports, 806; These Times: obtained by contacting

Traffic, Transportation, and Serenity, G. Homer Durham, 810. LDSErnestWorld'sH. Wiemer,Fair Housing Center

8452 63rd Avenue Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor RegoNew YorkPark, 11379

Let's Listen 872 Let's Get Personal, Joy Caputo 876

The Era of Youth, Let There Be Many Windows to Your Soul 881

The Last Word 896

Stories, Poetry Lynnette, Christie Lund Coles 824

Poetry 843, 845, 848, 854, 856, 858, 860, 865, 880

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

andDavid O. Richard Editor; L, McKay Managing Green, Doyle Associate C. Josephson, Editor; Marba Managing Albert

Research E. Editor; Carter Grant,L. Evans, Associates; Becki.Fillmobe, Editorial DonnaEditors;Hicgins, Florence Today's Family Editor; MarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks'Jr.,

Editor; EraThe Youth Elaine Cannon, of Era Editor; Associate The Direction: Youth Art of Studio. RalphB.ReynoldsPinnock,

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harhis, Jr., Huch NmLEY, Sidney B. Sperry, Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors.

G. Cablos Smith,

Director; Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription COVER NOTE Thayer

of the del (Canyon Muerto Canyon

Copyright Inc., Funds, 1964 Mutual by published the and of Associations Mutual by Improvement of Church Saints. rights All Christ of Jesus The southwest, LatterJay beautiful in the One) Dead

reserved. Subscription price, in $3.00 year, multiple a advance; subscriptions, $8.25; succeeding $5.75; each a 2 years, 3 years, the $2.50 to year, year added colorful the even by more madethree price. year

is of leaves the changing autumn, atEntered Office, the Salt Post City, as secondclass Lake matter. Utah for special of for at rate mailing section act Acceptance in postage provided 1103, for setting cover. this month's Theof 1917, October authorized 2, 1918. July

is Davis. photographer Wayne ImprovementThe Era responsible is not for unsolicited for manuscripts but contributions. welcomes Manuscripts paid rate of the acceptance'2c are at on

a and word sufficient must be accompanied delivery by for postage return. and

Thirty days'changes cannotnoticebe madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included!a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hillcrest High School, Salt Lake City. Architects, Bruce J. McDermott and Associates; General Contractor,

Christiansen Brothers Inc.; Masonry Contractor, H.L. Ashton and Sons.

First choice for fine schoolsGladding, McBean Face Brick

Woodstock Elementary School, Salt Lake City. Architects, Cannon and Mullen; General Contractor,

Johannessen Construction Co.; Masonry Contractor, H.L. Ashton and Sons.

Many factors have made face brick the traditional wall As municipalities throughout the West have dismaterial for fine schools. It has textural beauty and a covered, it pays to specify Gladding, McBean Face

substantial look of which students, faculty, and the Brick. Precision manufacturing with steel dies assures

community can be proud. Winter warmth and summer brick that always lays and looks the way it should. And

coolness mean more comfortable classrooms in which INTERPACE offers a wide range of shapes, sizes, colors better work is done. Minimum maintenance treats budand textures, always competitively priced.

gets tenderly, frees funds for directly educational use.

The photos show two Salt Lake City schools built

HillBrick. ofwith Gladding, the Walls Face McBean FACE BRICKcrest are face. (above) matt High School Rose Cameo

For the Woodstock Elementary School (below), Old A Gladding, McBean building product by face original construction. used inGold smooth was

in current is being used remodelingMore by General JblTERPACEban INTERNATIONAL PIPE & CERAMICS CORPORATION

Contractor W. J. Dean Sons and Masonry Contractor LOS ANGELES/SAN FRANCISCO/pORTLAND/sEATTLE/sPOKANE

Mullinger and Klungervick. SALT LAKE CITY /PHOENIX/ DENVER /SAN Dl EGO /SACRAMENTO

2. THREE DAYS IN THE HOLY CITY ZION

by H. 0. Ruf

This most uncommon and highly interesting book contains both a fictional episode out of the future and a doctrinal view of conditions that will exist in the City of Zion, JackHoly Missouri. County, son ocn zHueetWLi- I Hi TUBInC

$3.50 HOLY CITY

1%/mTh.o.ruf

3. "HERE IS BRIGHAM..."

BRIGHAM YOUNG, THE YEARS TO 1844 4. STOR. SUS FO.

by S. Diiworth Young by Jane Lund

Filled with maps and A new approach to Bible drawings never before published, this new bireading for young memography brings to life bers of the Church, the many heretofore unknown facts and details story of Jesus and other from the early life of bible personalities seem

Brigham Young... including photographic to come to life for the

excerpts from his personal diary. young reader.

$4.75 $2.25

8 BOOKS TO ENRICH YOUR

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ENGLAND AND WALES VOL. Ill

by Frank Smith and David Gardner

Elaborately illustrated with pictures and charts, this excellent new book shows you how to read, interpret, and even write the Old English and Welsh languages of the past. An

invaluable tool tor genealogical research.

$3.50

7. PROPHETS, PRINCIPLES AND

NATIONAL SURVIVAL by Jerreld L. Newquist

Read what presidents Compiled and edited by of the Church and other G. Homer Durham, PresiGeneral Authorities dent of Arizona State

University, THE GOSPEL have said about quesKINGDOM is made up tions and issues which from selected writings now face the nation and discourses of John Kingdom and the world. Taylor.

$4.95 $3.75

jrc?**

M

ORDER FROM YOUR NEAREST B00KCRAFT DEALER OR FROM

B00KCRAFT 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 1064

Please send the following circled books for which I enclose check or money

order for $.,

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8LIFE! NAME

ADDRESS

CITY...STATE.... ZIP

L J Letters and Reports

MEDALLION GIRLS HONORED DUTY REWARDS YOUNG MEN

all us. with the Spirit to California, have helped in Beach, the We Long Five boys of the Church who young womenAmong

of talks church the conference the treasure shared Stake) Beach (Long Fourth award Ward Medallion the Gold receivedhave class. in gospel to studied leaders; them the receiving God Duty of we pleasure the Individual consecutive sevenfor earning

Awards are girls in Idaho, Utah, and award recently. The boys, who are all Elder Calvin Cottrell

California. active Explorers, received the award at the Uruguayan Mission

are, meeting. They Sacrament Willamette same Clara Ward, Santa In the ERA "1ST EIN DEUTSCHER Boies, Gary1. to THE Jr., r., Robert Abbott, girls the David received five (California),Stake MISSIONAR"r., and Moore, Wayne Kenneth 1. to are, Hunsaker, time. at They the samehonor

second include, leaders Their Horn. Duretta Van Saum, Stout, Kay JudyLinda letter appreciation of short I a sending am Francis 1. r., President M. to Stake Powell. row, Alice Noble, and PatriciaRoderick, Saints as in us helping dedication for your A. Norman, Bishop James Zimmerman, JacqueUniversity sophomore State Utah activities of in the better informed to be Steve Superintendent in recently and the Ward YMMIA award receivedline Asay Christ. material Your of Jesus the Church Abbott. Sharon 11th Ward, (Utah)the Orem instructive and informative, but is only not First Idaho, Ward in Jerome,Stake. And in well, valuable very as inspirational and IN URUGUAY HELPS ERA Hall and Gayle Stake) members(Gooding in Berlin. here missionary work my for honored were HendricksonSylvia Brosnahan Timothy Elder durthe reading Era I enjoyed have... in church consistency faithfulness andtheir

1 Berlin 31, in useful It has mission. been ing Medallion the presented my beingactivity by Strasse 17 Jenaer are missionaries talks, and preparing weaward.

EAGLES GROW IN SOUTHWEST Three new Eagle Scouts in the Tempe First

Ward, Tempe (Arizona) Stake, stopped for a picture with three of the leaders who urged them onward in scouting achievement. They are, 1. to r., Bishop Daniel O.

Robinson; Eagle Scouts Lee Terry, John

Lane, and H. David Fuller; Glen Horning,

Explorer adviser; and Dale Markham, Explorer committeeman.

Also from the Southwest, John Verschoor

IV, Wellton Ward, Yuma (Arizona) Stake, set a good example by becoming the first

Eagle Scout in his ward and the first LDS

Eagle in the Desert Trails council. He has

been patrol leader, assistant patrol leader, senior patrol leader, and is now post secretary.

sot THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hottest Brand Going...

...anywhere!

When it comes to good things for your car, you just can't buy better petroleum products than Conoco... Hottest Brand Going anywhere.

YOU CAN COUNT ON CONOCO... HOTTEST BRAND GOING

1964, Continental Oil Company

OCTOBER 1964 807 {& eaQt//&ifewit!

FOR YOUR CLUB... SCHOOL The Church OR CHURCH

TO RAISE Moves On

SeJmgComdf JULY 1964 The 35th Anniversary broadcast of "Music and the Spoken

Word,"the radio program of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir, was broadcast from the Texas Pavilion Music Hall at the New York

World's Fair. Here choir members received two gold records from

Columbia Records for their bestselling records, "The Lord's Prayer"and "The Messiah."

Several thousand people were in attendance at this evening's dress rehearsal of Americas Witness for Christ at the Hill

Cumorah in upstate New York. Members of the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir were in attendance here. Racial disturbances had

caused the rescheduling of their concert in nearby Rochester.

Americas Witness for Christ, the sacred Book of Mormon pageant, presented its first performance of the season tonight at the Hill Cumorah.

The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir presented its concert at

Rochester, New York.

land, of the group made a side trip to nearby Ohio. Members $60 CASHMAKE The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir concert was given at Clevevisiting there. the old temple of your Kirtland, 10 members—every time

group each sell 12 cans of OldAnother performance of the pageant was presented at the

Fashioned Peanut Brittle at only Hill Cumorah.

$1.00 per can!

this evening in Milwaukee. 100% PROFIT LJI LakeAlmostTabernacletwentyfourChoirthousand concertgoers heard the Salt

This delicious Kitchen - Fresh Fine The third performance of the annual pageant at the Hill

Candy, in vacuumpacked quartsize Cumorah was presented.

cans, cost your group only 50c each and sells for $1.00! The final performance of this year's concert tour of the Salt

pageant was again given before an appreciative audienceHO INVESTMENT TheLake Tabernacle Choir was presented at Minneapolis.

at the Hill Cumorah this evening. SEND NO MONEY

to 120 1,200 can order groupYour to AUGUST 1964 days 30 up to Takecans today!

send payment. When ordering, give

your name, title, phone number and The final performance of this year's America's Witness for address, the name, address,complete the Christ presented at Hill Cumorah. was An estimated

club, officer, of etc., name of 2nd

this year. accomRecorded musical the performances saw quantity de182,000 or group,school, church

sired, and nearest Freight Office (no paniment for the pageant presentation was made by the 80piece parcel post). Extras sent FREE to Utah Symphony, the combined choirs of Brigham Young Univercover shipping cost. OFFER OPEN sity, and the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir.

TO GROUPS ONLY! "The Choir has never reached such heights before,"said Director Richard P. Condie as the Tabernacle Choir returned home.

"Never have we had such a rigorous tour vocally."

VERNE COLLIER President David O. McKay met with the presidencies of the

twentysix stakes of the Oakland Temple District at the East

Dept. 5-11 Bay Interstake Center to discuss (Continued on page 856)

900 North 19th Street BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMA

S08 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

w

%m>

h

,A

There's a place for a lowpriced tire. There's a place for a super tire.

There's a place for a snow tire. This must be the place.

I'm ready when you are. Drive in today and I'll mount your AMOCO 120 Super Tires (for highspeed traveling),

WEATHERGARD tires (for mud and snow) or GripSafe tires (for lowcost driving). Use your American Oil credit

card. I'll arrange for easy terms; you're ready to roll. You ex pect more from American—and you get it.

Oil Deaier Your American AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

OCTOBER 1964 809 A TOTAL ELECTRIC Traffic, GOLD Transportation, MEDALLION HOME and 131 Serenity

A wonderful new way to live

THESE TIMES

UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO. By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Bvy fiow from your rfoolor President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Welcome back to the routines of meet the expanding interests of incivilization, all who have survived dividuals driving automobiles, presthe frenzy of summer vacations! ent trends continuing, may soon

A cartoon in a large American reach, then surpass, the costs of nametropolitan newspaper shows a tional defense. The costs will not

Organists Attention family in a sports car. As they speed only be for freeways. We must also

towards sunshine and a lake, a billcope with the air pollution spouted

CHURCH ORGAN BOOKS board comes into view. It proclaims from millions of racing exhausts.

Schreiner books in large letters: Antiautomobile societies may soon

Organ Voluntaries bk. 1 & 2 each 4.00 "HURRY! HURRY! be organized which will see in the

25 Pieces for Small Organs 3.25 GET YOUR REST!"product of Henry Ford's ingenuity,

Asper's Devotional Organ 2.50 The sign then goes on to advertise a threat to the American, Canadian,

Asper's Organ in Church 2.50 "two weeks relaxation in two days British, French, German, Japanese,

At the Console—Felton 2.50 at beautiful Lake Frantic... 5 secand other ways of life, greater perChancel Echoes 2.50 ond suntan... a fish a minute... haps than that of communism,

101 Preludes & Postludes 2.95 jetpropelled golf carts... 18 holes socialism, fluoridation, or the nuclear

Also all Lorenz collections for organ.... 18 minutes...."holocaust. The automobile, and

Sacred Piano Books A national network in July deman's individualism, may yet be voted an hour to traffic problems viewed as the means of piling up

Chapel Echoes 1.25

around the world: Tokyo, Paris, bigger and bigger federal, state, and

Chapel Musings 1.50

as, meanwhile, theLorenz Church Pianist 1-2-3 2.00 London, New York, Los Angeles, local budgets,

Piano Meditation, Heaps 1.50 Buenos Aires. Most of the scenes threat of air pollution runs amok.

Preludes and Postludes, Schaum 1.00 looked like rush hour on the Merrit Stranger things have happened in

Preludes and Postludes, Smith 2.00 Parkway, Massachusetts Turnpike, the history and life of man.

Sacred & Secular 1 & 2, Heaps 1.00 Garden State Freeway, Santa Ana What shall we do with traffic and

64 Preludes and Postludes 2.50 Freeway, and other familiar places. transportation?

Piano and Organ Duets Available Population and traffic explosions The older, preauto urban centers are us. like Boston, York, London, upon and New

sent on approval Music It eletheir that said has been Chicago subways and by 1980 had

For All Musical Your Needs Write traffic triple. railways. the even In Los vated America may The

Angeles metropolitan transit area elevated railways have disappeared is considering the expenditure of with the horses. The subways are

from 5 to 8 billion dollars in expandnot prospering. Planners talk of

ing its present systems of freeways. "new and effective means of mass

public expenditure required to transit."But people buy more autoMusic Co The

Box 2009 Idaho Falls, Idaho

810 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

to three, ormobiles, two, more \ its deliving asfamily makes urban a *otjt C2i ice for transportation.mands

The serenity formerly sought in the summer vacation, the release from traffic's turmoil, going to and from work, school, church, are no longer enjoyed. Most of us get in When vou join the LDS BOOKS CLUB

one of the family cars and drive faster and deeper into heavier traffic.

Southern California, Washington

DC, metropolitan New York ("New

York is a Summer Festival"—a traffic

festival except, strangely and quietly,for a few hours on Sunday morn- i JW f) ings ), are cases in point. The escape

to Lake Frantic or Tempestuous is exhaust freeway and ILLUSTRATE byBeach } LIVING FOR sky, the PATTERNS the blue arefumes. Where

E. Petersen Mark By of scented the odorgoldenrod, OLIVER - 2nd COWDREY

pines? Answer: the same place as ELDER AND SCRIBE

the office, the field, factory, school, by Stanley Gunn

TO ILLUSTRATE freeJUST or civicjob, duty—near the new

by LeGrand Richards $3.25 (off November 30, 1964 good only in the U.S. and Canada) eighty United States In theway.

percent of us gain our bread via the CHOOSE YOUR FIRST SELECTION FROM THESE FINE BOOKS born, educated, areautomobile. We OR THE BOOK FEATURED BELOW

families, visit, go raise married,and through life and to the Great Be- 1. PROPHECY, KEY T IECIES OF JOSEPH SMITH

by Crowther Duane Duane Crowther y $3. T. in automobiles, and in urbanyond

OF REFERENCE THE.. HOUSE LDS. ENCYCLOPEDL LORD it 3. surroundings. By 1980suburban E. Melvin R. Brooks by by James $5.00 Talmage $3.

will be ninety percent. And the 5. SCIENCE AND YOUR FAITH IN GOD 6. THE GOSPEL KINGDOM

other ten percent, on Indian reservaby Paul R. Green $3.50 by John Taylor $3.

tions, in wilderness areas, national parks and forests, and isolated farms, then as now, will also liveby the automobile. LDS BOOKSP. 0. Box 400 - Salt Lake CLUB,City, Utah 84101 INC.

City planners, traffic engineers, urban philosophers, city zoning comPlease send me as my first selection the following circled books for which I enclose a check or money missions were deeply engrossed in order for the regular retail price of $ plus $1.29 for my bonus book.

the problem a few decades ago. 1064

3 5 7Garden cities were proposed. De- 1,2

centralization of industry and everyMy CHOICE BONUS BOOK IS thing else was advocated. PATTERNS FOR LIVING OLIVER COWDEM JUST TO ILLUSTRATE

These civic voices have not been Enroll me as a member and start sending me the monthly review so I can decide whether or not I silent. But they are no longer heard, want the choice book described. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of 4 Books Club selections

resign at price. at advertised or the the next alternates regular during 12 months I may is going everyoneperhaps, because

I I will free valuable receive a four accept, books. bonus For each buying 4 books book any time—a car after to the listeningsomewhere,

savings of 20%.

radio while getting there. Instead,

the current approach and demand NAME from vox populi seem to be the deADDRESS mand for more and better highways, CITY.STATE....ZIP..

thruways, limited access expressways, and, of course, the more expensive freeways.

These developments will have to come. But more of us need to catch TION FOR OCTOBER

a vision of new designs for urban civilization. At present, most of us 7. THEWAY0FSUCC

are merely superimposing better highways and expressways on the Just off the press, this outstanding new book by Elder existing citytown-andcountry patSill literally outlines the way of success for its tern. Our ideas of urban design '"Hare <f35Q

have not caught up with the facts of urbanization and urban trans- ( Continued on page 858 STERLING W.SILL

OCTOBER 1964 811 BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

I have a great confidence in the young people of today. It is true, we hear occasionally of some of them

who fall below the standards of the Church, but they are a very small minority. The great majority

of our young folk love the truth and are filled with the desire to maintain the standards. I have confidence in them. What a joy it is to labor with them!

There is no greater happiness in this life than the privilege of teachers and officers and leading men in the Church to have the influence and companionship of our young folk.

If we ask the youth to do anything, the great majority will respond willingly and happily, and I rejoice in their willingness to serve the Lord in any capacity, not only in the MIA, but also in Sunday

School, and in the civic and educational activities.

They are just as responsive and just as eager for truth as people in the Church ever were. I say the

Lord bless them. The Lord bless you boys and girls

and you men and women who have the responsibility of sending literature to them or assigning them in

Mutual and other places.

You know, a good book or a fine magazine is like turnip

812 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a good companion in that only good comes from the forces of evil are intent upon destroying the faith association. Such publications furnish opportunities and preventing the church activity of not only the

for young people to "meet"the leading teachers and youth, but of parents as well.

the best men and women in the world and of the Books as companions should be chosen wisely; as

Church. Youth is the time to choose that companion- a man may be judged by the company he keeps, so

ship. Much that is memorized in youth is retained his leanings for the high and best or the low and

throughout life. To have a good book and to make vulgar in life are indicated by the kind of books he

that good book a companion is to enrich one's soul, reads. "Evil communications corrupt good manners,"

not only for the present but all during one's experiand vile literature debases the soul.

ences and public appearances in life. One of the avenues of destruction, and one that is

I remember hauling straw from Huntsville to Ogden. most effective, is improper and harmful reading matIn those days, it took two hours and a half, and I ter with alluring but sinful and highly objectionable

always had a little book by my side, and used some of pictures. Today the newsstands are flooded with magthat two and a half hours to memorize quotations azines that never should enter a Latterday Saint home.

from it. Today I use some of those quotations, I note with pleasure that The Improvement Era is

memorized eighty years ago, and some of those comthe Mutual Improvement Associations'reading course panions are still by my side. Youth cannot be better for the 196465 MIA year. I heartily endorse this

employed than to have the companionship of Shakeidea. Every family might well make it a part of

speare, Scott, Tennyson, and all of our best American their regular family reading.

writers. What I think of books is just what I think Reading is so much a part of modern life, and its

of companions, and I love them. effect so farreaching, that anything that we can do

But Latterday Saint homes are being challenged to encourage and develop proper reading habits is today in nearly every field of human activity. The bound to be helpful to the people and to the Church.

OCTOBER 1964 813 WAS THE PRIESTHOOD EVER COMPLETELY TAKEN FROM THE EARTH?

question: "It is frequently stated // this is literally true, that the inthat there was a complete apostasy habitants of the world were left enfrom the gospel throughout the entirely to the enticing influence of

tire world following the death of Satan and his followers. Will you

this point?"our Savior and his Apostles. It seems YOUR please enlighten us on

QUES

answer: There has never been a which inviteth to do good, and totime from the beginning when the TION persuade to believe in Christ, is

influence of the Spirit of the Lord sent forth by the power and gift of has not been active on the face of Christ; wherefore ye may know

the earth. Our Eternal Father has with a perfect knowledge it is of

God."(Moroni 7:16.)never surrendered the human famANSWERED BY

ily completely to the power and inThis must have been true even fluence of Satan. It is true that the in the dark days of universal deJOSEPH parture from the way of eternaltime came when there was no one

life. However, after false teachleft in mortal life with authority to FIELDING

organize and set in order the kingings and organizations had been dom of God. However, there never introduced, the time came whenhas been a time when the inhabitSMITH the pure gospel of Jesus was notants have been entirely subject to PRESIDENT OF found among men on the earth;

Lucifer and his followers without THE COUNCIL false ordinances and doctrine had some means of inspiration. OF THE TWELVE been substituted for the divine

During the dark period after the truth in all parts of the earth; and

death of all but one of the Apostles 1 the Holy Priesthood had been reand their rightful successors holdplaced by false creeds and a spuriing the divine authority, there was no person on the ous order o priesthood. This does not argue or prove

earth who was authorized to restore the Holy Priestthat the influence of the Lord had disappeared and hood. Nevertheless, during these dark years there that the earth had been surrendered entirely to

were many righteous persons endeavoring to keep the Satan. In the Doctrine and Covenants we have this

commandments of the Lord to the best of their ability divine revelation given by the Prophet Joseph Smith:

and understanding. Mormon in writing to his son "Thus saith the Lord; for I am God, and have sent

Moroni made this enlightening statement: mine Only Begotten Son into the world for the re-

"For behold, the Spirit of Christ is given to every demption of the world, and have decreed that he that man, that he may know good from evil; wherefore, receiveth him shall be saved, and he that receiveth

I show unto you the way to judge; for every thing him not shall be damned—

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the unto even Son they have done "And of Man listed; hisas on they taken he has the For behold, the power and

right hand of his glory, and now reigneth in the will reign earth descendsheavens, till he on the and is Spirit of Christ is his time enemiesto put all feet, which under nigh at hand—

"I, the Lord God, have spoken it; but the hour and given to every man,

the day no man knoweth, neither the angels in heaven, untilnor comes. he shall they know that he mayWOm. all I will that "Wherefore, men shall repent, for all

are under sin, except those which I have reserved unto myself, holy men that ye know not of."know good from(D&C 49:5-8.)

There are several important prophets who were...granted the privilege of remaining on the earth. John evil

the Revelator was one of these, and in the Doctrine and Covenants, section seven, is an account of this.

Elijah evidently was another, for no living soul could have received the resurrection until after our Redeemer had opened the graves. The scriptural inference is

that Moses also was translated as was Alma. In the case

of Alma we read in the book of Alma the following:

"And when Alma had done this he departed out of the land of Zarahemla, as if to go into the land of

Melek. And it came to pass that he was never heard

of more; as to his death or burial we know not of.

"Behold, this we know, that he was a righteous man; and the saying went abroad in the church that

he was taken up by the Spirit, or buried by the hand of the Lord, even as Moses. But behold, the scriptures saith the Lord took Moses unto himself; and we

suppose that he has also received Alma in the spirit, unto himself; therefore, for this cause we know nothing concerning his death and burial."(Alma 45:1819.)

It is a very reasonable thought to believe that both

Moses and Alma, like Elijah and John, were translated to accomplish some work which the Lord had in store for them at some future day.

OCTOBER 1964 SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Editors of the Era take great pleasure in welcoming Dr. Hugh Nibley back to these pages. His fertile mind and gifted

pen have contributed much of deep significance and lasting value through Era pages over the past two decades.

Brother Nibley is well qualified to write the current series, Since Cumorah. Trained primarily in classics, he has,

since joining the staff of Brigham Young University some eighteen years ago, gravitated into the field of religion, which is at present his principal academic concern. While a visiting professor at the University of California in

Berkeley in 195960 he did intensive work in Egyptian and Coptic and has recently published a study on the newly discovered Coptic Christian writings in Vigileae Christianae. He holds bachelor of arts and doctorate of philosophy

degrees from the University of California. He has also had long articles on Classic and Semitic subjects appear in

the Classic Journal, the Western Political Quarterly, the Jewish Quarterly Review, Western Speech, Church History, and the Revue de Qumran.

Introduction: A clear and comdealing with, of the scope and naThe time has come for Latterday

plete survey of newly discovered ture of the writings that are now Saints to turn their attention to

Jewish and Christian manuscript being read with wonder and amazethose ancient Jewish and Christian treasures would have to run into ment by students of religion, and of documents the discovery of which thousands of pages. To present the the strange doctrine and baffling in recent years, and especially since

same material in a moderate compass problems they present. The rather World War II, has brought about

and at the same time do it justice is tedious preliminary survey that fol- a radical reappraisal of all estabas hopeless a task as trying to sketch lows cannot be avoided: One cannot lished views about the nature of the

Bryce Canyon by moonlight. Should enjoy the pageant that follows withtwo religions and their scriptures.

one try for the details? One quickly out a program, no matter how dull The significance of these findings

discovers the folly of that. But on the program itself may be. If the can best be demonstrated by referthe other hand, to omit the vast intrireader is somewhat bemused at the ence to a number of propositions set

cacy of the scene is to miss the peoutset, he should bear in mind that forth in the Book of Mormon, the culiar and essential quality of it. all the scholars are more or less first of which we take from the

Yet we cannot simply walk off withfloundering around today in the risthirteenth chapter of 1 Nephi. Of

out comment, for what we are ing flood of parchments and papyri these, proposition number one is beholding is of immense significance. that has caught everyone by surthat the Bible has come down to the

The purpose of the somewhat prise. If we cannot swim or wade world in a mutilated form:

labored pages that follow is to lead in these waters, we can at least "... for behold, they have taken

up to better things by giving the venture down to the shore line to away from the gospel of the Lamb reader some idea of what we are see what all the excitement is about. many parts which are plain and most

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA precious; and also many covenants point, whether we see in 1 Nephi 13 on which the Protestants stood as

of the Lord have they taken reference to the Bible and the Book firmly as the Catholics, that the away.... of Mormon only or to yet more Bible was not only the whole revela-

"... because of these tilings which records to come (as is clearly indition of God to man, but that it could

are taken away out of the gospel of cated in 14:26), we have at least not possibly contain the remotest

the Lamb, an exceeding great many the clear declaration that certain inkling of an error—the scriptures

do stumble...."(1 Nephi 13:26, books and records apart from the were inerrant and allsufficient for

29.) Bible are to come forth and change our instruction. And here was a book

Proposition number two is that men's view of the Bible itself, benot only put forth as holy scripture, the Lord will put an end to this cause of whose mutilation "an exbut announcing to the world that the state of things by the bringing forth ceeding great many do stumble."Bible contained "mistakes of men!"

of more information: (Ibid., 29.) We say it is difficult now to

"... I will be merciful unto the These two propositions more than imagine how the Christian world

Gentiles in that day, insomuch that anything else set the Christian world reacted to these propositions be-

I will bring forth unto them, in mine in fierce opposition to the restored cause today there is hardly a Christian scholar in the world who does not acknowledge that our Bible in its present state leaves much to be

Some of the discoveries of ancient recdesired and who does not look for ords in the Near improvement from new documentary by East were made as discoveries. 4 What has brought desert people such

this Arab pictured about this change? Exactly what

with his donkey and little band of sheep. the Book of Mormon predicted—the

coming forth of more books and records. To these we now turn

our attention.

The New View of the Old Testament. The change of attitude toward the Old Testament in our day

has come suddenly and surprisingly.

Up until the present generation the

Christian world enjoyed the convicown power, much of my gospel, gospel from the beginning. Before tion that it had pretty well taken the

which shall be plain and precious. the Book of Mormon had even come measure of the Bible, and that the

..."(Ibid., 34.) from the press, the headlines of the future could hold little more than

This knowledge is to be imparted Rochester Daily Advertiser screamed an indefinite repetition of familiar by written documents, including forth the world's first recorded resermons and commentaries lubrisome of the writings of Nephi's own action to the mission of the Prophet: cated by the occasional addition of

descendants, "hid up to come fordi "Blasphemy! Book of Mormon, Alias learnedly specialized and technical

unto the Gentiles."(Ibid., 35.) But the Golden Bible!"2 No blasphemy footnotes. If the fundamentalists

aside from them we are told of could compare with that of declarhad their "oncefor-all"Bible, the "other books... these last records"ing that there could be other scriphigher critics were no less satisfied

(3940, both in the plural) which tures besides the Bible, unless it that their own interpretations were are to come forth to and circulate was the declaration on the title page definitive. In the same year (1889)

among the gentiles before their conof the Book of Mormon that the rein which Westcott and Hort issued version to the gospel. Since it is vealed Word of God might contain the first edition of what they fondly

made very clear throughout the "the mistakes of men."It is. difficult entitled "The New Testament in the

chapter that the gentiles referred to for us today to imagine the shock Original Greek,"thereby serving are not the Church, it would appear and horror with which these two notice that the most formidable of that the books and records which propositions were received by the all textual problems had been solved, are "seen among the Gentiles"(40) Christian world. 3 Since the days of "Robertson Smith expressed his bemay be other writings besides the Saint Augustine it had been the lief that... nothing of vital imBook of Mormon. 1 Not to labor the cornerstone of the Christian faith, portance for the study of the Old

OCTOBER 1964 817 Testament remained uncertain."5 As the great discoveries of our time SOME IMPORTANT MANUSCRIPT DEPOSITS

IN THE OLD WORLD in so many other fields, the neat and were heralded by impressive preeasy rule of evolution, that greatest liminary rumblings. In 1886, acKnossos, where Sir Arthur Evans in

of time and worksavers, explained cording to Eduard Meyer "not a 1900 discovered the library of the Palace everything: "Owing until recently to single document existed to attest the of Minos, between 3,000 and 4,000 tablets

from the 15th century BC, written in the the lack of any real control of their authenticity of the Old Testament Minoan Linear Script B. In the 1950's a

architect, British Ventris, Michaelviews from external sources, biblical as history."A year later the Amarna young

the it to deciphered writing and showed scholars have been forced to conTablets, a whole library of correbe Greek. This has altered the whole

struct their systems in a historical spondence between the kings of picture of ancient Near Eastern civilization and brought the Patriarchs of Israel into vacuum,"Professor Albright reminds Egypt and the princes of Palestine contact with people speaking languages us, and since they lacked solid inand Syria in the days of the Patrirelated to our own.

formation, "to redeem their construcarchs, came forth. 8 But the great and Modem Pylos in Messenia, where C.

tions from pure subjectivity the revolutionary discoveries came with Blegen in 1939 discovered 600 tablets of a tablets archive. palace More Mycenaeanablest of them were forced to emthe finding of two other libraries,

after work discovered 1952 were when was resumed after World War II. These

tablets, in Linear B script, showed that the

Mycenaeans were Greeks, and that Greeks ( whose language is often surprisingly close in to were busy the Near East our own) valuable The PyraPatriarchs. of the as the times as early Texts dismid were

covered at Gizeh near ancient MemKaratepe where since 1946 have been phis in Egypt. discovered inscriptions in Phoenician and

Hittite, telling how people migrated and founded cities in the century before Lehi.

Constantinople, where in 356 the Emperor Constantius founded the Imperial

Library, from which a vast number of ancient mss. came to Europe in 1453ff.

The city had a very ancient patriarchal library and many monastic libraries. There,

in the library of the Jerusalem Patriarchate, the Greek P. Bryennius in 1872 discovered

among many valuable early Christian

Apocrypha the only known text of the

Didache, which describes the organization and function of the church cir. 140 AD.

Keui, in 1906 where beginning Boghaz the royal archives excavatedploy some philosophical scheme as those of Ugarit and Qumran. 9 The H. Winckler

a frame of reference."That was former was first discovered at Ras offormthetabletsHittites—morefrom the than14th and10,00013thcuneicen-

where evolution came in, a "uniShamra ("Fennel Cape"on the turies BC, mostly written in Hittite, a lateral evolution from the materialisSyrian coast) in 1928, but it is still languageformerly maintainedrelated to ourthatown.the Hittites,Scholars withhad

tic, sensuous, and disorderly to the yielding documents, thirty boxes of whom Abraham has intimate dealings in or either the Old Testament, were a myth archive,"hav- "a orderly,"tablets,spiritual, whole the the ideal, new and scribal existed! never they mistake—that a

in is a I960. found 10 Here of ing been Procrustes "formed a bedwhich

into which all facts and generalizatemple archive from the fourteenth Ras Shamra (ancient Ugarit), where C.

tions had to be fitted."6 and fifteenth centuries BC, kept by thousandsSchaeffer beginningof tablets fromin 1929a templebroughtarchiveforth

The sudden acquisition of vast Israel's closest neighbors, the Canaanof the Canaanites going back to the 14th amounts of solid factual information ites. From these records we learn centuryclosely relatedBC. Theyto Hebreware in anda languagecontain

where only speculation was known for the first time how close the anmany expressions and concepts that are before has left many scholars standcient Hebrews were in culture and ingcloseit topossiblethose oftothesolveOld manyTestament,Bible makmys- ing at the post: "Though Bible religion to those Canaanites and can teries and brightly illuminating certain

history of Israel. Thirty of the early phasesscholars live in an age of unpreceappreciate the force of Lehi's reof tablets excavated boxes were more

dented discovery,"Cyrus Gordon mark to his sons that the one real in 1960.

notes, "they stand in the shadow of difference between their own ancesarea, the surrounding and Qumran of caves hundreds19th century higher criticism... tors and the earlier inhabitants of where since 1947 have

even though archaeology has renthe land was a moral one: "Do ye been explored, many of them yielding

dered it untenable."7 suppose that our fathers would have writtensands ofdocumentsfragmentscomprisingand moretensthanof thou400

There is no excuse for this, since {Continued on page 820) separate works. The most valuable of

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BLACK SEA

Constantinople

1 Boghaz Keui

lain unnoticed they where had trunk in a for years. letters, In opinion our these 50 ASIA MINOR Mycenae wpi I written to officials Persian in Aramaic and

Pylos Karatepe'3 to important Jews in Jerusalem, supply the single valuable most to commentary.CILICIA the of Carchemishr7 \HurstjNineveh Book Mormon. i <? lSXRIA 13 Serdabit alKhadim, ancient of mines

Knossos the Palestine Pharaohs people where from Ras Shamra CRETE TE were around employed 1500 where BC and CYPRUS*c?

left inscriptions they rock behind. 30 some!v i ITERRANEAN SEA

'Byblos in Petrie discovered These were 1905, by

Damascus 4> \ Xippar withare writtenimportantwith additionsEgyptian insymbols1948. butTheyin

identidialect has been which Nile Delta i')i as the protoHebrew. They 7 QumranISRAEL BabylonVNippur*BARYLONIA1 8 Canaanitishfied show

Jerusalem early of the Egyptianizing Semites and

Lachish ties indicate closer the between much Ca cultures Israel of than and Egypt have Gizeh

Memphis Serrfabit alKhadim heretofore been conceded.

ARABIA 14 Mt. Sinai, at whose foot in the monastery of St. Catherine, K. Tischendorf in

1844 first spotted the manuscript of the

Tell elAmama I Codex Sinaiticus in a wastebasket. The codex, which he finally acquired in 1859, conNagHammadi tains valuable early Christian Apocrypha.

15 Nineveh, the third capital of Assyria,

Hieraconpolis where in 1851 A. Layard discovered the

huge library of Assurbanipal, founded by

Sargon in the 8th century BC. Here was

found what was long thought to be the original version of the flood story, and

THE ANCIENT ORIENT ingmanythedocumentshistory ofillustratingIsrael. and confirmNuzi, where in 192526 Edward Cheira

200 miles 400 miles broughtHurrians, forthone tabletthe greatof whicharchivescan beofdatedthe 1475 BC. These records contain accounts

of men engaged in exactly the sort of activities as was Abraham and demonstrate the authenticity of the patriarchal age as depicted in the Old Testament.

Sippar, where a large temple library was discovered by H. Rassam in 1879 and

these were written by Jewish sectaries hundred cuneiform tablets were dug up P. Scheil in 1894. The ritual texts are

in the first century BC. The remarkable by peasants, followed by hundreds of important in constructing the overall picresemblance of their institutions and lanothers, many of which were smashed and ture of Near Eastern religions in general,

guage to those found among the early lost on the way to the dealers. In 1892 F. and of "patternism"in particular.

of discovered rePetrie called the source the docucomplete Christians has for a 18 Nippur, where H. Hilprecht and others of at the royal archives ments, of early Ikhnaton evaluation both of the nature

Christianity and of Judaism. Amarna. The available collection consists discovered a library of thousands of docustory ments including flood a in 1889, of tablets, correcuneiform the being 358 in Lachish, 1935-6 L. Starkey where older version, than the much Nineveh and in spondence, the language Akkadian first of Letters, discovered the the LachishJ. closer to that of much Testament. the Old letters in Hittite), are of the be- (some office files military of of the a garrison

the princes court the tween Egyptian and of Lehi. time the (writostraca These 18 in 19 Mari, 1935-6 disParrot A. where of Syria, Palestine dur1370-1348 and BC, in potsherds), ing written on give Hebrew, covered archive palace a which been had ing Israel's of in the time wanderings of eyewitness accounts of things state the destroyed in the cen18th by Hammurabi,e area. just fall iu Palestine before the of Jerusalem. tury of tablets, Thousands BC. including ft capital prehistoric of Hieraconpolis, a near the ancient Gizeh where Memphis, with correspondence the of king Babylon,

Pyramid Texts were discovered cut in the Egypt, where in 1898 J. Quibell found depict in great fulness the travels and busiPalettes of predynastic a collection of walls of of activities the kings passages conness tombs and of important in the men

ritual historic taining ancient very and of the and of (2600?- Egypt strikingly days VI Dynasties and vindicate Abraham V

texts. across Mariette the river in 1878 Just ). First collected published 2200 portrait the biblical and of by the patriarchs. BC

G. Maspero in 1881, they run in K. Sethe's discovered the remains of a great royal

edition to 712 spells and 1,048 pages. library building, and to the north at 20 NagHammadi, in which in the remains

These writings are continued with new adThebes where the documents now reproof an ancient Christian community was ditions in the Coffin Texts, written on the duced in the Pearl of Great Price were found in 1946(?) a collection of thirteen

inner sides of nonroyal wooden coffins of found was the great library of the leatherbound volumes containing 49 the IX through XI Dynasties, and pubRamesseum. separate writings (about 1000 pages).

lished by A. De Buck in 7 volumes. It is Elephantine, where in 1906 A. CowThough the books date from the 4th

now realized that the frequent resemblance ley and in 1911 E. Sachau discovered the century, they contain Christian writings

of these writings to the literature of Israel business and law archives of a Jewish comgoing back to the 2nd century of the ifftnot accidental. munity of the fifth century BC. In 1953 church. By far the oldest Christian liTell elAmama, where in 1887 two more documents were located in Brooklyn, brary known.

OCTOBER 1964 819

(Continued from page 818) Hence it can be "no longer aswhich today are "the centre of interbeen more choice than they [the sumed that if a Hebrew passage is est in the study of the relation beCanaanites] if they had been rightunintelligible it must be corrupted."1 - tween the religions of the Near East

eous? I say unto you, Nay."( An example of puzzling Bible words and the Old Testament."14 The ritual

Nephi 17:34.) explained by these records is the picture that emerges conforms in deThe Ras Shamra fragments opened word khashmal, which is now known tail to the long description of an Old

up a whole new world to biblical to mean "brass"—a word which this World coronation rite that meets us

study by putting Israel in a new writer long thought to be an anachin the pages of the book of Mosiah. 15

world setting. "It is now realized ronism in the Book of Mormon. 1 'It was the Ras Shamra texts more

that Israel was no more isolated in Ideas and words go together, of than anything else which showed her language than she was in her course, and the Ugaritic ritual texts that the Old Testament must be religion and culture, and that Hecast a flood of light on early Jewish studied in an ever larger context to brew... borrowed freely from other cult practices, particularly the Year be properly understood. "The Bible

languages."11 Rite and the Coronation patterns strikes root into every ancient Near

Eastern culture, and it cannot be understood until we can see its relationship to its sources in true perspective "according to Albright. 10

"One hundred years ago,"writes

A. Parrot, "in Mesopotamia was discovered that history lies behind the

Old Testament.... Today the Old

Testament itself is being discovered,"to wit, in the Ras Shamra documents, in the Mari Tablets (a huge collection of tablets discovered on the upper Euphrates by Parrot himself ) and in the Nuzi Tablets, vast private archives which "make frequent mention of the Habiri,"and the Dawidum, and even tell of the use of firesignals by the Benjaminites as described in the Old Testament. 17

"The beginnings of Israel are rooted in a highly cultural Canaan,"where we now know "Mesopotamians, Egyptians and branches of the

IndoEuropeans [our own ancestors] mingled their cultures and their blood"—as we learn from our

own book of Abraham. Hence "the

notion that early Israelite religion and society were primitive is completely false."18

If the Book of Mormon reflects the culture of the whole Near East of its day, so does the Bible. 19 Cyrus

Gordon would now even bring the

Greeks into the Hebrew picture (as we did in the portrait of Lehi), by

Sinai, at the whose footIn from a monastery of Mt. the showing that "the people of ancient the taken, this picture manuscriptsummit of was

Codex Sinaiticus was discovered in a wastebasket in 18UUGreece and Israel have a common

Semitic heritage based on the flow

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of Phoenician culture.... We were of the Old Testament... a signifilong passages of unchallenged aubrought up to believe that the Jews cant perception that beneath all its thority.... It seemed that the engave us ethics and religion, that the variety of forms and of ideas, the tire book was best described as an

Greeks willed us science and philosOld Testament has a deep unity."2 '1 anthology of the work of many

ophy. Yet, we now see a similar Important in this shift has been the writers."2 "But with the discovery

tradition running through both culnew view of the prophets. that prophets and prophetic societies

tures, and we can't be sure which It was the fashion "a generation were closely bound to the temple, culture gave us what."-"ago... to suppose that in the Old it becomes apparent that the actual

It was the Ugaritic texts that put Testament we have a dualism of two teachings of Isaiah were preserved the brakes on the higher critics, to irreconcilable concepts of religion, by such a society, "called to a speuse Speiser's expression, by demonthe prophetic and the priestly,"cial task of guarding and witnessing strating the futility of their favorite emphasizing "a contrast between to Yahweh's revelations vouchsafed game, namely cutting every book of bad priests and good prophets."27 in the first place to Isaiah"; that is,

the Bible up into numerous separate The evolutionary formula required that the writings of Isaiah are really sections which they claimed were the work of various interpolates and commentators.- 1 Whenever a scholar

thought he could discern within a

Ancient marketplace book of the Bible the slightest pein Aleppo in Northculiarity of language or change of ern Syria.

mood, outlook, or attitude, he would proudly announce the discovery of a new author or corrupter of the text. "A generation ago,"writes H.

H. Rowley, "we could speak of 'critical'as over against 'traditional

orthodoxy'... we knew exactly

where one 'document'ended and another began...."22

True, "the unedifying conclusion of all such study is,"as Gordon notes, "that nothing is authentic"; that the prophets, being spiritually one;"'for example, "in 1880 there

but this loss of reality was compenadvanced, should have a deep antipwas hardly a scholar alive who did sated for by the warm satisfaction athy to the primitive formalities of not believe that Isaiah lifted the pasof all playing the same game and the temple. sage (Isaiah 2:2-4) from Micah

wearing the same "badge of interBut now we know that there is (4:1-3),"the twp being almost word

confessional academic respectabil- "no definite line of demarcation"for word the same.

ity."23 But today numerous texts on between the various aspects of Old But a study of ritual texts shows

closer examination show that it was Testament religion, and "that the that the language of these passages common practice in the East to introevolutionary view of the Old Testa- "is not the language of prophecy but duce a variety of styles and even ment prophets cannot be accepted occurs often in the archaic ritual dialects into a single composition. 24... every stress must be laid on texts,"31 from which all prophets

"No Egyptologist (or other Oriencontinuity."28 That is to say, from were free to borrow.

talist in parallel disciplines) is such the beginning Israel has had only The Patriarchs Come to Life.

a fool,"writes K. A. Kitchen, "as to one gospel. "One of the remarkable results of

see 'sources'behind such texts... or An important illustration of this archaeological research during the

to scissor up these stone stele"as is the case of Isaiah, of particular inperiod between the two wars,"G. E.

Bible students have scissored up the terest to students of the Book of Wright informs us, "was the sudden

Bible every time an author hits a Mormon, where the prophecies of emergence of the Patriarchal Age"change of pace. 25 Isaiah are put forth as the writings as real history. 32 The kind of world

So now the trend of higher critiof a single man. By the time the described in the pages of Genesis

cism has been reversed, and there higher critics had done their work really existed, and was therefore not, is "a growing emphasis on the unity on Isaiah "there remained very few (Continued on page 844)

OCTOBER 1964 621 zMatching

BY HARVEY L. TAYLOR

ACTING CHANCELLOR, UNITED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

It is a wellestablished fact that the success of any business largely depends upon management's ability to select and train the right man for the right job.

This is equally true in the selection of teachers and personnel for schools and colleges. And it is especially true when selecting volunteer workers for positions of responsibility in the Church.

Matching men and jobs is one of the biggest challenges to church leadership, whether at the general church level, the stake level, or the ward level. Selecting people to fill church positions should not be considered a matter of statistics only. "All positions filled"

in a ward or stake makes a wonderful report and gives the responsible officer a feeling of satisfaction and accomplishment. In far too many cases, however,

those selected have no interest in the position or no aptitude for the particular kind of work the position entails. In other words, not enough attention has

been given to matching men and jobs. The result is

often poor performance, discouragement, rapid turnover, and, in the end, more work for top leadership.

I have no magic formula that will guarantee one hundred percent success in selecting personnel or for training personnel after assignment has been made, but I shall make a few suggestions which might be helpful. First, what about people?

That no two people are alike is wellestablished.

It is also wellknown that there is a wide variation in the capacity and interests of people. The responsibility of an executive is to select people who can

match the jobs that need to be done—people who will

enthusiastically and intelligently attack each assignment with conviction and faith—faith in themselves

and faith in the cause. Therefore, to meet the challenge of selecting the right person for the right job,

a leader must be interested in and understand people—his people, those in his ward or stake from whom

selections are to be made to fill important positions.

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA zMe/z&fods

I suggest the following as some of the things each 10. In each ward and stake, there are those who

leader should be aware of regarding people, thus enjoy record keeping, research, or working with books putting himself in a more enlightened position to and various teaching aids.

match men and jobs. 11. There are those whose interests run to financial

matters—fundraising, welfare projects, and other

1. Each individual comes from a different educamatters which involve accounting and the handling

tional and community background which tends to of money.

affect strongly his reactions to a call to serve. 12. There are those who like to build and make

2. Each has a different temperament. Some are things—to work with their hands.

very sensitive; some are suspicious; some are easily 13. Some enjoy organizing and training groups for

offended; some warm quickly to others; some are shy. performances of various kinds.

3. The total personality of each individual is very 14. Some have special talents for sports and recreadifferent. Some radiate confidence; some attract tional activities and for the directing of others in this

others; some repel; some believe; others doubt; some kind of physical expression.

have vision and imagination; others must be led "to 15. Some enjoy working with little children, some

see,""to get new eyes."with adolescents, some with adults, some with male

4. Among people there is a wide variation in degroups, and some with female groups. These interests

gree of testimony and faith, in an understanding of may change and, when they do, executives should what the mission of the Church is, and in a knowledge make changes in assignments without a long dissertaof what its great goals really are. Some accept withtion on why the status quo should be maintained.

out question the entire program of the Church; others 16. Some have dispositions which make them happy

have certain reservations regarding certain parts of when doing things that put them in the limelight, the program. while others would prefer just the opposite kind

5. The ideal of service, the giving of one's self, is of assignment.

not equally accepted by each individual. 17. Routine and "chore doing"have strong appeal

6. There is often a difference in the way individuals to some, while only bold, fastchanging, dynamic

respond to top ward and stake leadership. Personactivity interests others.

alities often clash, opinions vary widely, and in some 18. Some are drawn by their training and experience

cases past relationships may be a bit strained. to certain areas of service, but would feel lost or ill

7. Some people are naturally the executive type. By at ease in areas little related to their training

nature they are leaders—they have ideas, many of and experience.

them; they are organizers; they have the capacity to 19. Some respond to regular counsel and direction;

get things done. in fact, they only do their best when this is forth-

8. Some have natural endowments which make coming. Others resent such direction, especially if

them good teachers. given too often and in a critical or demanding way.

9. Some have unusual creative ability and therefore 20. Many have talents and abilities that have never

enjoy assignments that allow full expression of been discovered. A talent search should always be

their talents. going on. (Continued on page 848)

OCTOBER 1964 823 BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

Lynnette stepped onto the city bus deliberately, rather and taking him back to wherever he seemed to live.

hurriedly. Her new mink stole fell from her shoulder As she said to Audrey, "What if it were your child?

as she reached into a plastic change purse and took Wouldn't you be glad to have someone save his life?"

out the fare. She was surprised to learn that the price Her daughter had agreed, but added, "But, what

had been raised, it had been so long since she had of all the children who run in the road when you're ridden a bus. not there to look after them? They get along

Not that she minded riding it. She really enjoyed all right."

it. She could relax, look at the passing landscape, "Oh, do they? How many get killed every day? If

study the people around her—and she loved people, everyone took a little more interest, it might

from children to oldsters. be different."

Her daughters or her husband usually took her They thought she was "interfering"when she went wherever she wanted to go. They were good about to Relief Society meeting and saw how few toys the

it, there was no question of that. But she was tired children had to play with in the playroom while their

of their criticizing her. After all... well, she had to mothers listened to the lesson. She went home, gathadmit it was this love of people that had caused a ered up some, washed and painted them, begged some

lot of the trouble. from neighbors and her daughter, and took them in a

What if she did insist on stopping the car if she saw gaily papered box the next week.

a youngster in the road, sometimes even getting out The presidency was very appreciative. "No won824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

der some of them were unhappy,"Lynnette said. ably be dreaming half the time, or watching the chil-

"There weren't enough to go around."And there dren on the walks, or the scenery. Well, she just might

did seem to be less crying after that and fewer chilfool them and learn to drive yet.) But she had been

dren running in to their mothers. a little piqued at the girl's impatience the last time

She refused to let what she had done be mentioned they had had to stop the car, and said, no, she was in the meeting. After all, it was what anyone would going on the bus. That way, she wouldn't be botherhave done if the thought had come—as it had to her. ing anybody, or interfering with anybody. She

She pulled the mink further up on her shoulder. would leave the driving to the bus driver. After all,

And as she looked around, she felt overdressed with there wasn't much she could do here.

all the plainly dressed women coming in from the She had about made up her mind she wouldn't do outskirts of town to do their shopping or pay their anything any place else. Let people take care of their

bills. There were some, of course, who were nicely own children and dogs. She wouldn't cook soup for

dressed. She wouldn't have been wearing the fur children whose mothers worked because she didn't

herself if she hadn't been going to meet a friend think they got enough homecooked food, she wouldn't for lunch. ferret out things for people she heard were in need.

And, of course, Audrey had offered to drive her. No, she'd just mind her own business as everybody

( How stupid that she had never learned to drive the else seemed to do. And maybe she would get

car herself though her family said she would probalong better. ( Continued on page 878

OCTOBER 1964 825 rifice. It requhes full family cooperation.

Most people do not realize they have a hidden fortune. You do have one if you

are working and have an income. To

calculate how much you are really worth, determine what you are worth in earning power.

Suppose you have earnings equivalent to $10,000 per year. Assume that moneyHow to Attain earns four percent interest per year. Your

Financial $250,000.salary is equalYou areto oneworthyear'sa quarterinterestof ona

Objectives millionYou Earndollars.This You Are Worth

BY IRA J. MARKHAM $ 4,000.00 $100,000.00

6,000.00 150,000.00

8,000.00 200,000.00

10,000.00 250,000.00 THE AVERAGE

15,000.00 375,000.00 AMERICAN

FAMILY SPENDS These are the amounts which would have ITS INCOME* to be invested on four percent interest to produce an equivalent annual income.

"Dad, will I be able to go to college and There are two ways to get ahead finango on a mission?"cially. One way is to increase your earning Food, 21.7%

When confronted with such a question power. While you are still young is the

as this, a young father has three posbest time to do this. There is no investClothing, 10.2%

sible answers. ment you make that can equal the investHousing, 26.6%

1. "Yes, son, you can go to college and ment in your own knowledge and skills.

go on a mission if we plan and work toEducational opportunities are available. All Medical Care, 6.6%-

gether as a family to accomplish it. Howit takes is time and patience and hard workever, we will need your help."to accomplish a desired educational goal. Recreation, 6.1%—

2. "I would like you to go, son, but I am Being able to earn a larger income does Interest

not sure."not always mean you will reach financial

3. "When the time comes, we will see."goals. Many people with relatively small of Debt, 6.1%

To be able to give a positive answer to incomes have been able to accomplish Tobacco & such a question requires a plan and a proseemingly impossible financial objectives.

Liquor, 5.4%gram started while children are still The secret is making dollars stretch

young so that sufficient capital can be farther. It is not how much you earn but Automobiles, 4.6%-

accumulated. It is difficult for most famiwhat you save that makes it possible to

lies to finance a college education and a develop financial reserves. Gasoline, Tires,

mission out of current income. There are four essential steps to any repairs, 6.4%

It is because of the need of time to prefinancial objective:

pare that most young families should make 1. Learn the facts. Personal Care, 1.5%

early plans on how to reach their finanHow much do you earn? What will you

Church,cial objectives. need? How much can you set aside for Gaining skill in the efficient use of earnfuture needs? donations, 1.4%—

ings is not inherited. Learning to manage 2. Make a plan.

Education, 1.3%money wisely is an art. It usually requires No one can attain an objective without

skill in performance acquired by experiplanning how to do it. Public Transence, study, or observation. It requires a 3. Put the plan into action. portation, 1.1%—high degree of human contrivance and inDesires remain daydreams until you put

genuity. It requires will power and selfsac- your plan into action. Foreign Travel, 1.0%

*From Feb., 6, 1961 issue of II. S. News and

World Report. "The New Pattern In People's

Spending."4. Reevaluate your plan as time goes on. Make advisable to consider three kinds of funds:

adjustments to meet changing circumstances. 1. An emergency fund.

No plan is ever perfect. Conditions may change The amount of an emergency fund will

and as a result, financial plans may have to be adjusted. vary with each family depending on such

What is the most effective way to tap the hidden factors as job security, health, size of famfortune that lies in your income? The first simple ily, etc. The emergency fund should be

rule is to refuse to give all you earn to somebody else. liquid and be readily available in a savings

You and your family are entitled to what you really account or the equivalent.

earn over and above the amount set aside for tithing. 2. An investment fund.

The Lord's share always come first. After tithing, An essential part of any investment plan

you and your family are entitled to what you really is the accumulation of income from savwant and are planning for. In effect you make out ings or investments to take advantage of

a check payable to yourself to be used for the attaincompound interest or reinvestment of diviment of specific family objectives. You then learn dends. Savings accounts, savings bonds,

to live within the amount remaining. If you wait credit union shares, building and loan, inuntil the end of the month to see what is left before vestment trusts, mutual funds, and insurpaying tithing or setting aside an amount for misance are common ways to accumulate

sions or college, you almost surely will fail. Unfunds.

planned disposition of income never works. 3. A purchase revolving fund.

The next rule is to make available funds work A purchase revolving fund is for cash until they are needed. There are several ways to do purchase of automobile, furniture, and

this. Consult your banker if you do not already know. equipment. An equivalent amount to what

To accomplish your financial objectives, it may be the average family pays on instalment payments would go into this fund monthly.

To be thrifty means efficient financial and economic management. It does not

mean being miserly or parsimonious. It

represents the art of making income stretch farther. (Continued on page 866)

In a time when most geologists peg the age of the Wegener, renowned German meteorologist. The

earth in billions or even tens of billions of years, a continental drift theory deals with suggested ways in

Latterday Saint scientist boldly speaks out for a which the continents of the earth as we know them

Mother Earth so youthful that she's just beginning today broke off from one original land mass. This

to show her wrinkles. idea is consistent with scripture, since we read in

Dr. Melvin A. Cook, professor of metallurgy and Genesis 1:9:

director of the Institute of Metals and Explosives "And God said, Let the waters under the heaven

Research at the University of Utah, claims that the be gathered together unto one place, and let the dry earth is about 13,000 years old—roughly the age chroniland appear."

cled for it in the Bible. Accepting the biblical admonContinental drift was long rejected by scientists,

ition that "... one day is with the Lord as a thousand only to be revived in the last decade, particularly by

years...."(2 Pet. 3:8) Dr. Cook assigns 6,000 years discoveries made during the International Geoto the creation, another 1,000 for the day of rest, about physical Year, 19571958. Many scientists now believe

4,000 years from Adam to Christ, and roughly 2,000 that until recently in the earth's history the continents from Christ's day to our own. were joined together in one continent, which they

He bases his views not only on a literal acceptance called Pangaea.

of scripture but also on some revolutionary interpretaSeveral theories have been advanced to account for tions of geological data and on a theory that certain the fragmentation into continents, a process which "time clocks"are being read backwards by geologists. some say took as long as 200 million years. Dr. Cook

Many of his colleagues differ with his conclusions, leans toward the theory that the ice cap of the Wisalthough they find it difficult to dispute Dr. Cook's consin Ice Age grew so tremendous that it developed

overall scientific knowledge. He holds a world- a splitting force of 100 million billion tons. This force

recognized spot among a small handful of explosives ruptured Pangaea, drove its fragments several thouexperts. He uses his training in physics, chemistry, sand miles apart, twisted them in a manner consistent

and metallurgy in his geological research. He takes with gravitational and rotational pulls of the earth,

opposition to his ideas in stride while digging into all and left them in new locations to form the earth into available literature to support his thinking. the continents known in outline form to every school

Central to his work is the theory of continental boy and girl. The ice cap melted quickly under

drift, a view first advanced in 1912 by Dr. Alfred the tremendous heat generated by such a cataclysm;

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

=*!?fe

*J>><3*

hiHOW *-**

-- Sf? VOLD IS THE, i

#%."(J r>.EARTH?

BY PAUL CRACROFT

ALUMNI DIRECTOR UNIVERSITY OF UTA*

its waters filled the chasm formed between the major slow succession. Dr. Cook would compress time and

continental blocks to give us our Arctic and Atlanspeed up sedimentation. He believes that sedimentatic basins. tion is largely due to the effects of an original, rapid

Instead of taking aeons, however, this event ocsolidification of the Earth's crust, followed by a vast curred quickly and according to Dr. Cook was breakingup and relocation of its upper strata under

precipitated by or occurred simultaneously with the thrusts of ice sheets and the drift of the continents. He

great flood of Noah's day. While heavy rain could would agree that there has been a considerable

well have accompanied such a violent upheaval, the amount of slow erosion and deposition but not as flood, as viewed by Noah, but perhaps not fully much, he believes, as conventional geological thinking comprehended by him, accompanied the rupture of the might indicate. He uses examples of presentday

ice cap and the land mass. The event is described measurable erosion to prove his point.

biblically and accurately, Dr. Cook thinks, in For example, the Mississippi River is now carrying

Genesis 7:11. nearly a cubic mile of sediments into the Gulf of

"In the six hundredth year of Noah's life, in the Mexico each year. The Colorado River is currently

second month, seventeenth day of the month, the moving at least a cubic mile of sediments from the same day were all the fountains of the great deep Grand Canyon every five years. Niagara Falls has

broken up, and the windows of heaven were opened."been cut by erosion during only the past few thousand

(Italics added.) years, beginning, significantly enough, about the same

Years later when it became apparent to Noah and time assigned by the ice cap model to continental his family that the earth had changed its appearance, drift. This is based on the current rate of the wearing

they marked the event simply by giving one of the back of the falls. Dr. Cook is convinced that if the

sons of Eber the name of Peleg, which means division. erosion process, as measured in these three key areas,

Moses, the chronicler of these early events, noted, had been going on at the same rate for as many years "for in his days was the earth divided."(Ibid., 10:25.) as his colleagues claim, the Mississippi River would

Dr. Cook readily admits that his ideas conflict have gorged out a deep midcountry chasm, the Grand

with traditional thought on geologic time. Nor do Canyon would be far "grander"than it is, and Niagara

they agree with the longheld theory of "superposiFalls would have worn back to give honeymooners tion,"the concept that the earth's sediments were de- a much different sight than they now see.

posited layer on layer in orderly and chronologically To substantiate his thinking, Dr. Cook points to two

OCTOBER 1964 829

ice cap "depression zones."One of these centers great heat and pressure which helped carbonize the

around Hudson Bay, the other around the Gulf of vegetative materials. This coal was formed during

Bothnia between Finland and Sweden. These areas the fragmentation of Pangaea. That cataclysm touched

are still readjusting vertically. This means that these off the shifting of continents like some gigantic jigareas are stirring noticeably as the earth tries to saw puzzle. The coal bands broke up and moved

restore its own vertical balance following the breakwith their continental pieces to new positions. Dr.

up of continents. This process takes about 10,000 Cook puts the puzzle back together, with the coal of

years. Since the "rebounding"process is still going on, North America, Asia, and Europe fitting back into

Dr. Cook conjectures that the earth is still young. a circle around the north pole of Pangaea and the

Dr. Cook describes the situation graphically this coal of South America, Africa, India, and Australia

way. Breaking a round, flat chocolate mint in half forming a similar band around the south pole

will make two halfmoon shaped pieces. Since rock of Pangaea.

specimens from the widelyseparated Hudson Bay and Dr. Cook also buttresses his views on the relative

Gulf of Bothnia both match up under scientific tests, youth of the earth with three physicalchemical

Dr. Cook concludes that these two areas once were explanations

fitted together in a neat circle centered near the North 1. It is possible for scientists to measure the conPole. The force that split the "mint"came from the centration of uranium in river waters and to deterterrific ice cap load. mine how rapidly this element flows into the

Mountains were thrust up by the sudden catasoceans. The amount of uranium so accumulated is

trophic action of continental drift, Dr. Cook believes. less than the amount which would accumulate in

The Himalayas, tallest range in the world, piled up 100,000 years, so the earth's oceans must be younger as India, moving up fast from the south polar region than this.

of Pangaea, drove into and under Asia to form a 2. Radiocarbon is still building up in the earth's

double continent. Arabia also crashed into Asia after atmosphere. If the experiments of several wellknown

moving up from near the south pole. As Africa rochemists, including Nobel Prizewinning Willard F.

tated past Europe and collided with Asia during the Libby of UCLA, are right, the rate of formation of drift period, the bends and compressions resulted in radiocarbon should level off with its rate of decay the folds we see as the Alps, the Balkans, and the in 30,000 years. Since the rate of formation still

Pyrenees. The Rockies and Andes were formed by exceeds the rate of decay, the earth cannot be older

the westward thrust of the continents under the ice than 30,000 years.

cap drive. This continuous chain was affected by 3. The same problem is involved in the matter of

one more cataclysm which gives these mountains helium balance in the atmosphere. Only in this intheir "youthful"look. This, of course, was the violent stance, helium accumulates rapidly enough to double

natural upheaval recorded in the Bible and, in conin concentration in less than 20,000 years. Since the

siderably more detail, in the Book of Mormon and total helium in the atmosphere does not exceed the

The Pearl of Great Price at the time of the crucifixion amount that would accumulate in this period of time, of Christ, less than 2,000 years ago. (Matt. 27:51, 54; it is unlikely that the earth can be even 20,000 years

28:2; Mark 15:38; Moses 7:5556; 1 Nephi 12:4; Helaold, Dr. Cook reasons.

man 14:2122; 3 Nephi 8:6, 17; 10:10.) But his detractors point to the socalled uraniumAnother remarkable piece of evidence that argues thoriumlead "clock"which, according to geologists,

for a young earth comes from coal, paradoxically verifies an earth of great age. Dr. Cook's answer is

associated traditionally with long geologic time. Dr. that the conventional application of these tests is

Cook postulates that all major coal deposits were not only inconsistent with the conventional methods initially found in two welldefined circular bands of analysis but also fails to take into account a basic concentric with the poles and ice caps of Pangaea like principle used by metallurgists in the purification of two narrow stripes on a child's rubber ball. Imagine metals. Impurities known as "trace elements"tend

these stripes, not near the "fat"equator area but to remain in the liquid state until near the end of the rather in the diminishing areas of the ball, separate solidification process. This is called "zone melting."

from each other and at opposite "ends"of the ball. If this physical law operated as Dr. Cook believes it

He believes coal was formed, not over long years of did when the earth solidified, the trace elementsdeposition but by sudden thrusts of sediments over uranium, thorium, potassium, and rubidium—would

heavily vegetated areas. These thrusts produced have been the last to (Continued on page 852)

830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA II- 1 I I 'III I I s TO WELCOMEBY JIM ROBINSONOUR WARD

"Welcome to our ward."Inspirational meetings, lots of fun and new friends,

Only a short while ago, I was hearing these words a feeling of belonging, and a sincere welcome all make for the third time in four years. Each time the words me appreciate my memory of my first awayfrom-

brought a promise of sincere friendships, wholesome home ward. When the bishop read my name and

activities, and the opportunity to worship in a said the words, "Welcome to our ward,"he gave me familiar atmosphere. a good start on the right foot in my education.

The step from high school to college is a short one After three years in a single ward, I married my in terms of time—only about three months between "hometown girl"and we moved into a college "marhigh school graduation and college registration. It's ried ward."Just as the single ward helped in my

a big step, however, to become accustomed to being integration into college and religion away from home, "on your own."The first weeks at college can deterthe new ward helped my wife and I step into marmine much of the future. A good start is invaluable. ried life. This ward was very different from the

Like many other registering freshmen at Utah single ward, but the spirit was the same. Where the

State University, I felt a tinge of aloneness when my former ward had no such thing as Primary and parents'car drove away, leaving me alone and a Junior Sunday School, these were very active auxililong way from home. At orientation sessions the aries in the new ward. The bishop and his student

very first morning instructions were given new stucounselors were no less ready to welcome us and dents concerning where they could go to church. That make us feel at home. The evening after we were

helped me and many others get off to a good start. introduced and the bishop spoke the inevitable words,

The ward leaders wasted no time in letting us know "Welcome to our ward,"at least a half dozen young we were welcome in my first college ward. Our ward couples, many of them with children, introwas made up of one boys'dormitory and one girls'duced themselves.

dormitory. All ward members were single, with the Ward projects, picnics, Relief Society, priesthood,

exception of the bishop—a professor at the university—Sunday School, MIA, all combined to make us feel

and one of his counselors. Both of the counselors at home in the new situation created with our marwere older students and returned missionaries. riage. The feeling and spirit helped my wife and

A college ward for single people is unique in many I grow together in the gospel.

ways. At priesthood meeting each Sunday morning When graduation time rolled around, we once

the bishop welcomes a small quorum of priests, and again had to say goodbye to the many friends we the rest of the group are nearly all elders. The college had gained. Once again, we were going to be engirls have their Relief Society meetings, but there is rolled in a new ward. By this time I had none of

no such thing as Junior Sunday School or Primary. the misgivings and feeling of aloneness that had

Mutual is a booming success because of the social marked my first days at college. Thanks to the help

advantages it offers the young men and women. In of active college wards, I had worked my way through

all activities the bishopric works hard to provide a college without many of the pitfalls that can beset friendly atmosphere for the students away from home. young men and women away from home. My wife

The feeling is one of welcome and belonging. and I had learned how friendly and willing to welMissionary work is important in the student ward. come are all LDS wards.

By living with members of all faiths, the young men It was no surprise to us when we quickly gained and women have an excellent opportunity to teach friends in a new ward and were assigned jobs. It was

by example and by word the LDS religion. During just a few short weeks ago that our memberships were

my three years in this type ward, several new memread and we were given another, "Welcome to bers were baptized. They quickly became a part of our ward."

the ward, and their testimonies added to the spirit of If we have to move again to another ward, whether our meetings. Also among the members were many it's across the street or across the ocean, we will know

converts and returned missionaries. Their faith inthat there will be friends waiting and another bishop

spired the rest of the ward. ready to welcome us sincerely.

OCTOBER 1964 831 That others may (I married a nonmember)

What does life hold for an active Latterday Saint who marries a person of another faith or one who feels he "does not need religion"? Without having

lived through the experiences this course of action brings, one could never know; one could guess, perhaps, but never really know.

I know. I have been married under these circumstances for twenty years, and in that time have felt

many emotions and experienced many things.

Because I feel deeply for anyone facing the decision of whether or not to date a nonmember, or whether or not to marry a nonmember with the hope of conversion, let me draw back the curtain and reveal pictures from my married life—happenings one cannot

foresee, reactions one cannot guess, dimensions of emotion one can never know without actual experience or without looking through the eyes and listening to the tunes played on the heartstrings of another who has experienced such a marriage.

For nearly two years I had been writing to a missionary; we were not engaged but were serious about

each other. In my heart I carried some doubt. I

respected my missionary boy friend and loved him in some ways but knew somehow my love was not complete. I had dated now and then during his absence;

according to our arrangement, I was to be free.

My missionary friend returned home, and I still awaited confirmation from my own heart. He had no

doubts, evidently, for he encouraged our becoming engaged.

In the midst of my indecision two decisive events occurred: My boy friend enlisted in the service and

left the area, and I met a nonmember from a large

a I was sophomore student university; so at a Utah

he. A poignantly told wascity in the Midwest, whom I will call Fred. class. met in a psychology We I was imaccount of a pressedprogressivewithattitude.his intellect, his bearing, his ambitious,

We began to date. I thought it would be'a casual

relationship. I didn't intend that anything serious life in and yet out

should come of it. I was an active church member

of the church. andMy fatherhad nowasintentiondeceasedof butmarryinghad beenout activeof my infaith.the

Church and was very much alive in my memory.

Mother was living and had always been active in the

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ANONYMOUSknow

auxiliaries of the Church. In fact, during many of The conditions I set down were: 1. We were to be

my childhood and teen years she had been Relief married by an LDS bishop. 2. Our children were to

Society stake president. Together, my parents had set be trained in the LDS faith and baptized members

a valiant example in the home for us children. Mother when of age. 3. I was to be free to serve in callings

counseled me against dating a nonmember and had in my Church. 4. The Word of Wisdom was to be

others counsel with me, but I continued to delude practised in our home. These stipulations were major

myself into thinking it would never become a serious in my mind, and they were a sacrifice on Fred's relationship, until it was too late. part inasmuch as the first two were in direct opposiWhen I had come to love Fred, nothing doubting, I tion to the faith he espoused and caused his excomrationalized that I was not "throwing over"my excelmunication from his church. I reasoned that my

lent home and church training. I was naive enough sacrifice was waiting for awhile for temple marriage.

to believe because he attended church with me and We were together only a few weeks, After he left, seemed very interested that within a few months he I learned I was pregnant. I attended school another

would be converted. Because I believed the princiquarter and then went home to live with my mother

ples of the gospel wholeheartedly myself and found and await the birth of our baby.

them so logical and workable I thought that anyone Mother was a brick. Cheerful and helpful, she was

with any degree of intelligence would soon be conall and more than she had been all through my verted and that when the Holy Ghost bore witness to growingup years—friend, adviser, sympathizer, conhim, the truth of it would be confirmed to him. Suffidante. It was she who waited in the hospital while

fice it to say that at this point in life my experience I gave premature birth to a tiny fivepound girl.

with nonmembers had been practically nil. The first time Fred saw our child, she was nearly

Each courtship is so individual, yet I am sure there three years old.

are common tendencies, one of the strongest of which We now have three children, the youngest two is for the young couple to be firmly convinced that being sons.

their "special love"is the most unique, the most sincere, the deepest yet known to man, that without Church Activity doubt it can surmount any problem. Oh, the yearning I am grateful to Fred that he kept his agreement to

ofyoung hearts is most poignant! refrain from interfering with my activity in the Church.

Counselors and relatives entreated me to postpone I have held many callings through the years, and our marriage until the opportunity to investigate the bishops and stake presidents have called me to posigospel thoroughly had been his and the outcome tions which required a minimum of attention during determined. My mother endeavored to help me see the hours Fred was at home. Thus, I have grown

that she had nothing against him personally, in fact, in understanding and deep love of the gospel through liked him very much, but with two different sets of my activity.

basic values we would run into difficulty sooner or At various times Fred displayed an interest in the later and both be hurt. gospel. He went through the missionary lessons

World War II was well under way. Fred was in three different times, only to turn away afterward.

the ROTC, and the unit was to remain at school until Once in a while he halfheartedly attended church graduation but the war worsened, and they were with us. For most of our married life we have lived

hustled off on a few days'notice to active training. in the same friendly ward, and our friends have loved

From then on, Fred was on the move, and I saw him him, prayed for him, and carried him in their hearts only occasionally a few days at a time. Then the as they have gone through the temple. As a family

decision came. Were we to wait until he returned we have loved him, invited him to go with us, showed

from overseas or marry first? We decided to marryboundless delight when he accepted but tried to be

on condition. pleasant when he ( Continued on page 860

OCTOBER 1964 833 Children of William Mott and Elizabeth Allen:

William b 1 Mo 8, 1742 'HiumiiiiT Hannah b 6 Mo 4, 1744 d 3 Mo 15, 1750 n James b 8 Mo 29, 1745 Elizabeth b 2 Mo 5, 1747 GENEALOGY

John b 2 Mo 17, 1749 Samuel b 3 Mo 7, 1750 d 12 Mo 16, 1750/1 Hannah b 4 - 4 - 1753 John b 6 - 24 - 1755 Henry b 5 - 31 - 1757 Richard b 8 - 20 - 1759 Joseph b 1 - 11 - 1762 Benjamin b 3 - 19 - 1765

answer: Your question requires a clear explanation

of the changes that have been made over the centuries in the calendar and of the old and new styles of reThe Proper cording dates. These facts must be kept in mind

by every genealogist who would be accurate.

People of the various nations have accepted as the standard for measuring time the period required for Interpretation the earth to complete one revolution around the sun, producing the four seasons. This is now known to

be 365 days, 5 hours, 48 minutes, and 46 seconds. In

earlier times it was not possible to calculate this of Dates measurement so exactly. So the solar year has been

question: In my search of original genealogical reckoned differently at various periods.

records I find myself confused by apparent errors in The Egyptians arranged a year of 365 days, divided the recording of dates. Some of the dates as written into twelve months of 30 days each, with five supplecould not possibly be true. Let me cite three examples: mentary days added at the end of the year.

1. A tombstone record states that Mary Sweetlove, In the year 45 BC Julius Caesar issued a decree

wife of William, died 24 March 1700, yet the burial that the Roman calendar should consist of 365 days record of that parish shows her buried 26 March 1701, and 6 hours, with an added day in February every a year and two days later! fourth or leap year. This Julian Calendar, as it be-

2. A parish register gives the birth of William, son came known, continued in use until the fall of

of Thomas and Alice Brown, as 30 March 1640. A the Roman Empire, and throughout Christendom

later entry states that Mary, daughter of Thomas and until 1582.

Alice Brown, was born 5 March 1640. Only 25 days This calendar had the defect of making the year

apart! Or were there two different sets of parslightly longer than it actually was. By 1582 it had

ents involved? the vernal equinox falling on the 11th instead of the

3. A Bible record of a Quaker ancestor gives the 21st of March as it should, a difference of ten full

marriage of William Mott and Elizabeth Allen as days. To correct this error, in that year Pope

"3 Mo 18, 1742."But their first child, William, is Gregory XII abolished the Julian Calendar in all

recorded as born "1 Mo 8, 1742,"over two months Catholic countries and established a reformed calenbefore these respectable Quaker parents were married! dar known as the Gregorian Calendar. In order to be

This makes me wonder if I am misinterpreting rid of the ten surplus days Gregory ruled that Octothese dates as they are recorded. I am sending the ber 5, 1582, should be called October 15. This rerecord of their children as written down. Please tell stored the equinox to its accustomed date of March 21.

me how these dates should be read. To prevent further irregularity it was determined

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

that each hundredth year beginning a new century, that this day by old style was in the year 1740, but not divisible by 400, would not be leap year, but by new style was in the year 1741. The actual year,

every fourth century, divisible by 400, would be. of course, would be 1741 by modern reckoning, the

Thus 1600 was a leap year; 1700, 1800, and 1900 were last figure of the date indicating the year according

not; 2000 will be. to our present computation.

The solar year, by this reformed calendar, is 365 Since many of the names of months were of pagan days, 5 hours, 49 minutes, and 12 seconds, near origin, the Puritans of New England, and especially enough to the actual time for all practical purposes. the Friends or Quakers, preferred to call the months

The pope also ordained that the new year should by numbers, March being the first month.

begin on January 1 instead of on March 25, LadyDay, "The manner of dating in use among Friends, in as under the Roman calendar. which months were designated by numbers instead

Protestant England and later her colony in Amerof by names, added to the confusion. January was

ica persisted in using the Julian Calendar until 170 the 11th month, February was the 12th, and all of years later. By this time the difference between their March was called the first month although the new

calendar and the sun and between their calendar and year did not begin until the 25th day of the month.

that used in the rest of Europe was eleven days. Thus, the last day of the 12th month was followed

In 1751 the British government decided to fall into by the first day of the first month of the same year, line with the other countries, and Parliament passed and the 24th day of the first month was followed by an act for officially adopting the Gregorian Calendar the 25th day of the first month of the succeeding beginning January 1, 1752. It ordered that the next year."(Thomas W. Marshall in the "Introduction"to

day after Wednesday, September 2, should be known Encyclopedia of Quaker Genealogy, Vol. II, pp. 9-10.

as Thursday, September 14. Riots occurred in LonWith these facts in mind we are now ready to

don and some rural sections of England because the answer your three questions on dates.

people thought the government was trying to rob 1. Mary Sweetlove, wife of William, died 24 March

them of eleven days of their lives. 1700/1; and was buried two days later, 26 March 1701.

"To cite an example of what this change meant, 2. William, son of Thomas and Alice Brown, was

let us consider the birthdate of George Washington. born 30 March 1640; his younger sister Mary was

He was actually born, according to the official calborn 5 March 1640/1, nearly a year later.

endar in force at the time, 11 February 1732. But, 3. The proper interpretation of dates for the chilwith the change in the calendar in 1752, he changed dren in this Quaker record is as follows:

his birthday to conform with the new calendar and thus made it 22 February in order that he could celebrate, I suppose, the exact anniversary of his OLD STYLE birth. Therefore, to state his birth date accurately, William b 8 Mar. 1742/3

we should write: 'Born 11 February 1732, O. S. (that Hannah b 4 Aug. 1744

is, old style), or 22 February 1732, N. S. (new style).'d 15 May 1750

(Gilbert H. Doane, Searching for Your Ancestors, James b 29 Oct. 1745

p. 140.) Elizabeth b 5 Apr. 1747

Most persons did not follow this practice of adding John b 17 Apr. 1749;

eleven days to anniversaries of events which had d 7 May 1750 occurred before 1752. Samuel b 16 Feb. 1750/1

In England and her colonies prior to 1752, there were actually two different systems of time calcula- 1 Jan. 1752

tion. By popular reckoning and for historical purNEW STYLEposes the year began January 1. But for ecclesiastical,

Hannah b 4 Apr. 1753

civil, and legal purposes, including public docuJohn b 24 June 1755 ments, the year commenced March 25. Henry b 31 May 1757

Consequently, in order to describe accurately a

Richard b 20 Aug. 1759

date falling between January 1, the beginning of the

Joseph b 11 Jan. 1762

historical year, and March 25, the beginning of the

Benjamin b 19 Mar. 1765

church and legal year, a double system of dating is necessary. Thus a date, say February 10, would be

written Feb. 10 1740-1, or Feb. 10 1740/1, signifying

OCTOBER 1964 835 > "Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen"—Jesus answered the tempter, saying: "It is written

few prove themselves to be the chosen ones. So again, Thou shalt not tempt the Lord thy God."

spake the Master through the Prophet Joseph. And Finally, the devil took Jesus to an exceedingly high

then he asked the question, "And why are they not mountain and gave him a panoramic view of all the chosen?"In other words, why do they not prove kingdoms of the world and the glory of them, and

themselves to be the chosen ones? His answer is said to Jesus: "All these things will I give thee, if thou

genuinely significant; it suggests one of the greatest wilt fall down and worship me."Jesus'answer has

principles of the gospel—the free agency of man. tolled through the ages: "Get thee hence, Satan: for

"Because,"he answers, "their hearts are set so much it is written, Thou shalt worship the Lord thy God, upon the things of this world, and aspire to the honors and him only shalt thou serve."(See Matt. 4:1-10.)

of men, that they do not learn this one lesson—From this example we learn that man is a free

"That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably spirit with power to will his own destiny. God made

connected with the powers of heaven, and that the man free. Man, however, is much too frequently

powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled unable to use his free agency judiciously.

only upon the principles of righteousness."(D&C The great purpose of life, perhaps, is to learn this

121:3436.) lesson, to discipline ourselves to the point where we

will do the thing we ought to do. Sometimes this is

very difficult. We have had built into our physical

bodies a mind and a set of emotions, both of which need to be matured and disciplined. J x

Perhaps our greatest choice in life is to decide whether we will follow the path of the flesh or the Behold path of the Spirit. Paul outlined for the Galatians

these two paths and their inevitable consequences:

"Now the works of the flesh are manifest, manyare which are these; Adultery, fornication, uncleanness,

lasciviousness, "Idolatry, witchcraft, hatred, variance, emulations, calledwrath, strife, seditions, heresies, "Envyings, murders, drunkenness, revellings, and $ / such like: of the which I tell you before, as I have

also told you in time past, that they which do such

BY LELAND H. MONSON things shall not inherit the kingdom of God.

"But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longThis is another way of saying that we do not prove suffering, gentleness, goodness, faith, ourselves to be the chosen ones because we do not "Meekness, temperance: against such there is no

exercise our Godgiven right of free agency wisely. law.

Our choices often lead to the weak and enervated life. "And they that are Christ's have crucified the flesh

That we do have our free agency was gloriously with the affections and lusts."(Gal. 5:1924.)

exemplified by Jesus in the temptation scene. Jesus, Whether we follow the path of the flesh or the

Matthew records, was led by the Spirit into the wilderpath of the Spirit will be determined primarily by ness to be tempted of the devil. He had fasted forty our ability to choose our course in life wisely. The

days and nights and was hungry. The tempter bade author feels that there are two primary ways to learn

him turn the stones into bread, but Jesus refused, how to make sensible choices in life. The first of

saying, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by these has been called the pro and con method of every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God."decision making. To follow this method, we divide

Then the devil took him into the holy city and set a sheet of paper into two parts by drawing a line him on a pinnacle of the temple. "If thou be the Son down the middle.

of God,"he said to Jesus, "cast thyself down: for it is The lefthand side we label pro ( for ), and the rightwritten, 'He shall give his angels charge concerning hand side we label con (against). For every problem

thee: and in their hands they shall bear thee up, in life, we put in the left column every reason for a

lest at any time thou dash thy foot against a stone.'certain plan of action, and in the righthand column

836 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we put every reason against this plan of action. Folmaking wise decisions is to learn to listen to the

lowing this procedure insures us that we will exercise promptings of the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is a

reason in the solution of a problem. It guarantees personage of the Godhead, who works through our

us that we will not allow impulse, prejudice, or minds and our emotions to urge us to follow the high rationalization to dictate a decision. Since our road of life. He is an intelligence inspiring power,

intellects and our emotions are interdependent, we who can help us to make the right decisions.

cannot reason soundly when anger and hatred and Parley P. Pratt says that a man created in the image

jealousy flare up. This pro and con system of deof God possesses "every organ, attribute, sense, symcision making helps to keep emotion subordinate to pathy, affection, that is possessed by God himself."

reason, for it takes time to think a problem through ( Key to Theology, p. 99. ) These, however, are in man

in this manner. in a rudimentary or embryonic stage of development.

Analyze according to the pro and con method the "The gift of the Holy Ghost,"he says, "adapts itself problem Paul suggested to the Galatians: Shall I to all these organs or attributes. It quickens all the

follow the path of the Spirit? We get a set of facts intellectual faculties, increases, enlarges, expands and

in form as follows: purifies all the natural passions and affections, and

adapts them, by the gift of wisdom, to their lawful

Pro Con

1. Following the path of 1. Following the path of

the Spirit will lead to the Spirit will mean selfcontrol. that I cannot put my

2. It will help me to machief stress on the acture my emotional life. cumulation of material

3. It will thus put me at things.

peace with myself. 2. It will not allow me to

4. It will make me more exercise freely some of

acceptable to God and my appetites and deman. sires.

5. It will promote happier human relations. 3. It will restrict my

6. It will encourage me choice of companions.

to serve my fellow men 4. It will limit my choice

and to get the happiof books, magazines, ness incident to such television and radio service. programs. use. It inspires, develops, cultivates and matures

7. It will generate in me 5. It will circumscribe my all the fine toned sympathies, joys, tastes, kindred

a love for all mankind. use of the Sabbath day. feelings and affections of our nature. It inspires vir-

8. tt will insure that I tue, kindness, goodness, tenderness, gentleness and

will follow the path 6. It will control my use charity."(Ibid., p. 100.)

that leads to God. of foods and drinks. Supporting this point of view, Elder James E. Tal-

9. It will help me to dis- 7. It will inhibit many mage has written that "the special office of the Holy

cover and follow the of the activities I seem Ghost is to enlighten and ennoble the mind, to will of God. to enjoy. purify and sanctify the soul, to incite to good works,

and to reveal the things of God."(Articles of Faith,

If young people would take the time to solve their p. 167.)

problems by thinking them through with this pro and These two methods of increasing our power to con method, many of their decisions would be on a make judicious decisions—using the power of reason

higher plane. God gave us reason and hoped that and using the power of the Holy Ghost—represent the

we would use it to direct our lives along profitable how of learning to use our free will with prudence.

and responsible paths. This plan insures that we will By placing a primacy on spiritual values, we shall be

exercise reason in making our decisions. able to use our reasoning faculties more effectively

The second primary way in which we succeed in as we make our choices in life.

OCTOBER 1964 837 The Lord has said, "And if it so be that you should labor all your days... and bring, save it be one soul

unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!"(D&C 18:15.)

Each of us, whether we are parents raising a family, a teacher in the Sunday School, an MIA superintendent, a bishop, or a stake president shouldHelping remember that many times our ability to deal effectively with those with whom we work will determine

Through the years men have always found thatothers make whether or not we are truly able to save a soul.

when they have a difficult and important decision to make or a problem to solve, they can clarify their thinking by talking problems over with friends anddecisions and leaders whom they trust and respect. Whenever they

have been deeply troubled, they have found that sympathy and understanding make it easier to face these difficulties. Stake presidents, bishops, teachers,solve problems

BY O. RAY WARNER

SPECIALIST IN PROGRAM ORGANIZATION

GUIDANCE AND COUNSELING PROGRAMS BRANCH

US OFFICE OF EDUCATION WASHINGTON, DC

and auxiliary leaders know what it is to be called upon and, when the time comes to make even more importo help people resolve problems and make decisions. tant and more serious decisions, they will generally

How successful they are depends upon how well they be able to do so with less conflict.

understand and are able to employ some of the principles and techniques used by good counselors 3. Attitudes Are Very Important.

and psychologists. Counseling should concern itself with attitudes

Each of us is daily confronted with problems that rather than actions. Actions will change as a result

necessitate making difficult decisions and personal of attitude change. To illustrate, a young girl may

and social adjustments. Many young people face indicate that she is troubled by extreme shyness espeemotional problems which alone or even with the help cially with boys. One response to such a problem is

of their parents they cannot solve. They turn to to suggest immediately that she get more social expechurch leaders, school personnel, or friends, as well rience, go to school dances, and force herself to

as parents, for assistance. Many times they are participate. Such a suggestion at this stage is not

confused about decisions they must make, problems counseling as the term is used here. Counseling calls

in the home, or difficult situations they have created rather for an exploration of the attitude behind the themselves, and may take inappropriate or undesirable shyness. How is it related to feelings about other

steps to effect change or to resolve the conflict. things and people? What are her plans for the

A few basic techniques and concepts used by future? What are her relationships to other members

trained counselors and psychologists can have great of her family? Through a good counseling session,

value in assisting a person who needs assistance. attitudes can be modified enough so that she will

be willing to try again to become involved in 1. Remember, Advice Is Easy to Come By. social activities.

Almost everyone is ready and willing to give advice.

But to understand another person's problem and to 4. Emotions Are More Important than Intellectual

be of assistance involves more than just giving advice. Attitudes.

To help another person one should be willing to A counselor should be concerned with emotional listen attentively. In the process of "talking out"the rather than purely intellectual attitudes. Counseling

problem one is frequently able to think of possible should concern itself primarily with feelings as they solutions and alternative choices that will solve are related to personal problems, whether problems the difficulty. stem from the home, a sense of inferiority, or trouble

A young girl with whom I had several counselwith teachers, friends, or schoolmates. Information

ing interviews indicated in the final interview that giving and intellectual understanding have their place she was glad that I hadn't suggested what she might in the counseling situation, but emotionalized feelings do. In this case, the thing she wanted more than are very basic and should never be ignored.

anything else was to be able to talk to someone to Most of what we do is done on the basis of how clarify her own thinking, and make decisions on her we feel at that moment rather than how we think.

own. Several people she had sought help from had We can frequently intellectualize and come up with

told her what to do, but this hadn't helped her think solutions to our problems that appear very clear but through the problem and make the decision she alone when the final decision is made it is generally made had to make. not upon the intellectual rationale of a problem but

rather upon the emotionalized feelings present in 2. Using Good Counseling Can Affect the Future. the situation.

Counseling involves more than finding the solution to immediate problems. Its function is to produce 5. Understanding and Acceptance Are Basic.

changes in the individual that will enable him to The foundations upon which good counseling rests make wise decisions affecting the future, as well as are understanding and acceptance. A person must

to extricate himself from his immediate difficulty. genuinely feel that he is understood and accepted

Helping a person think through his problems as he is before he will feel free to talk about his probrealistically today generally has effects on decisions lems. Acceptance is basic because the people with

he will make in the future. Through the process of whom one is dealing are likely to have mixed feelings

counseling, people learn how to make proper decisions about being understood. (Continued on page 854)

OCTOBER 1964 839 PHiKSOPhYAn individual's life is troversial information. This is one of the most imCONDUCTEDteachinqBY THE CHURCH *-"* shaped by constant portant aspects of education. Great effort is expended

UNIFIED SCHOOL SYSTEM evaluation. Every deto acquaint students with the superstructures of the

cision is a result of various disciplines, but too often the assumptions

BY NEIL J. FLINDERS accepting or rejecting upon which they rest remain unexamined. It is imSTAFF MEMBER OF INSTITUTE certain propositions or portant for the student who studies philosophy to

OF RELIGION. OGDEN, UTAH information. Success learn that beneath the blinding glare of rhetoric and

appears to be partly a result of basing one's decisions the maze of logical structure lies a simple assumption upon accurate and properly interpreted information. that serves as a foundation upon which all else stands

This problem of choosing has probably never been or falls. One should attempt to identify the simple

more challenging than at the present. Mass media premises involved in the problems of everyday life.

are flooding the free world with information from a When this is not done, one is left abandoned in a stockpile of knowledge that is being expanded faster jungle of drifting conclusions.

than it is being disseminated. To the individual this Fortunately, the gospel of Jesus Christ provides

volume of data is so great that it is incomprehensible—man with a standard by which he can properly evaluan impossible task of assimilation. ate the data and assumptions he confronts in life.

How to deal with this immense, complex abundance This is the frame of reference for this outline of the of information is one of the most challenging probessential aspects of the LDS philosophy of life which lems in the twentieth century. Electric computers and is, in effect, a philosophy of education.

the industry they represent owe both their existence This is not an exhaustive or analytical discussion.

and rapidly rising status to this information explosion. The very nature of the gospel of Jesus Christ seems

Computers and similar machines are a lifeline for to suggest that it is not entirely subject to traditional business and government. analysis. Its scope transcends or extends beyond any

But what of the individual? How can he discern academic measuring device. Human reason, because

truth from error when it is impossible to understand it is human, is finite and each tool created by this and review all the facts? For anyone familiar with reason is finite; hence human reason is its own limitamodern advertising it should not be difficult to see tion. That which is infinite and eternal, though it

how effective is the accumulation of selected facts in might be in harmony with human reason, is not cirinfluencing human behavior. The problem is that cumscribed by it. Some things of God can only be

facts can be interpreted in many ways. Sometimes known by the Spirit of God, which medium includes

the same facts can be used to support two conflicting but transcends ordinary reason.

conclusions. It is the assumption upon which one Because of the nature of the gospel and the limitaassembles the facts that is most vital. tions of mortality, man's struggle to deal with it

By examining these assumptions an individual can academically will always result in a certain amount analyze, digest, and act upon large amounts of conof frustration. Therefore, even though the investiga-

I Villi dl

840 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

anDi QTTP

tion is encouraged, it is suggested that great caution Instructor, April 1963, p. 114.) Within its framework

be exercised in formulating certitudes in fringe man will most accurately comprehend the truths availareas on the basis of the limited methods and means able to him in mortal existence. Therefore, to set

presently available. aside the framework of the gospel and substitute in

Philosophy is man's way of thinking about life. It its place another philosophy to explain life seriously

helps him understand, explain, and assign meaning restricts vision and increases distortion and error.

to himself and to the existence he encounters. When This is not a narrow view. If a person uses the

reduced to its simplest form, a philosophy consists of gospel of Jesus Christ to meet and explain life and one or more basic assumptions, concepts, or premises. then judiciously applies the specialized methods of

Using these propositions as guidelines a person consecular disciplines in the right situations, he can avail cludes, interprets, and evaluates his thoughts, feelings, himself of all this that is good and true. (Thirteenth

behavior, and interaction with things and people. Article of Faith.) There are no restrictions, beyond

The processes of living, looking at life, and thinkproper preparation and propriety, placed upon man ing about life have inspired mankind to reflection. in his honest quest for truth insofar as the gospel of

Man has discovered that he is challenged with great Jesus Christ is concerned. (D&C 58:2729.)

questions. For example: In order to examine the roles of teacher and stuWhat is the nature of the universe? dent in the educational setting it is necessary to outWhat is man? line briefly the basic educational philosophy of the

Where did man come from? Church. This philosophy is much more than a set of

What is man's purpose and destiny? explicit propositions. It has a unique spirit which,

How should man conduct himself? rather than its logical precision, is the source of its

How does man discover the answers to these quespower and strength. (Ibid., 1:1830; 50:1020.)

tions? Two fundamental propositions are central to this

In response to these questions, a number of different philosophy:

philosophies have been developed and a variety of a. Man is the offspring of an eternal, living, perpossible solutions or conclusions have been suggested. sonal God who has an immortal body of flesh and

Some of these suggested approaches are quite simple bone and who is capable of responsive passion.

while others are entwined in a great complex of logical (DEC 6:305; D&C 130:22.)

structure. They are often in conflict, and the attitudes b. It is his work and glory to bring to pass the

and behavior they provoke in man vary considerably. immortality and eternal life of man. (Moses 1:39.)

The kind of philosophy a man endorses is important Upon these two facts rest numerous other propobecause it has a definite effect upon himself and his sitions that answer the questions posed at the befellow men. ginning of this article.

The Church proclaims that the gospel of Jesus Christ Some of the most basic of these are:

( Continued on following page is the true philosophy ofanTint?life. (David O. McKay, The God was once a

OCTOBER 1964 841 Philosophy and the of undergoing the experiences of an The gospel was restored for the

Latterday Saint Teacher intermediate probation. (Abraham final time through the Prophet

3:2228.) Through this act of takJoseph Smith. (D&C 27:5-13.) The

(Continued from preceding page) ing upon himself mortality, man mission of the restored Church of mortal man. (DHC 6:304.) subjected himself to a death over Jesus Christ is to preach the gosGod is consistent and orderly in which he has no power. (Gen. 3:17pel and administer in its ordinances

his work. He utilizes and is subject 19; 1 Cor. 15:2122.) This condition among all nations in preparation for

to law. (D&C 82:10; 2 Nephi 2:13made necessary a Redeemer emthe coming of our Savior Jesus

14; Alma 42:13; D&C 132:8.) powered to overcome death and to Christ, who will rule and reign on

Man's intelligence is coeternal provide for the reuniting of the this earth as Lord and King. (Ibid.,

with God and is selfexistent. It was spirit and the body of man. Jesus 39:5-6; 38:33; 41:4.)

not created and cannot be destroyed. Christ was that Redeemer, and the Man has dominion over all things

(D&C 93:29; DHC 6:310311.) resurrection is the means whereby upon the earth. His duty is threeMan is a free agent. (Helaman the spirit and body of man reunite fold:

14:30.) never to separate again. All men 1. To fulfil the measure of his

Man is capable of achieving Godwho enter mortality are recipients creation by multiplying and replenhood. (Rom. 8:1617; D&C 132:20of this resurrection. (1 Cor. 15:21ishing the earth.

21.) 22; John 3:1417, 4:14, 5:2429, 2. To work out his salvation in

The presiding authority in the uni11:2526; D&C 29:2225; Alma 11:40compliance with the gospel of Jesus

verse is God the Father. (First Arti45, 40:2223; Moses 4:1-2; Abraham Christ.

cle of Faith; Matt. 3:11, 16; Luke 3:2528; 2 Nephi 2:8-9.) 3. To subdue the earth. (Gen.

3:22; John 14:1617; Matt. 28:1819; Man in his fallen state is subject 1:2628; Mormon 9:27; D&C 33:11-

D&C 20:2729.) to eternal laws, the violation of which 12, 39:5-6.)

This earth upon which we dwell restricts him from entering back into God reveals his will to man. This

was created under the direction of God's presence and makes him liable revelation originates outside of man

God the Father by Jesus Christ beto punishment under the justice of and is not autonomous with him.

fore he obtained a body of flesh and these laws. The only way man can (D&C 1; Amos 3:7; Joseph Smith 2.)

bone. (Moses 1:3233, Heb. 1:2.) escape this punishment and requalify God has not revealed all things perThere is a personal devil who has himself to enter God's presence is taining to this earth and man's life

numerous followers. They are active through obedience to the laws of the upon it. (D&C 101:3234.)

and have an influence here upon the gospel of Jesus Christ. (Alma 42:24; God has restricted the revelations

earth. (D&C 29:3637, 3940.) D&C 19:1619.) he has given to man to this earth

Adam was the first man and his The basic. laws of the gospel are: and the things that pertain to it.

wife Eve was the first woman upon Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; (Moses 1:35.)

this earth. They are the progenitors Repentance; Man must do and learn many

of the human race in mortality. Baptism by immersion by those things of his own free will. (D&C

(Moses 3:7; statement of the First having authority; 58:27.)

Presidency 1909.) When Adam and Laying on of hands for the gift Man exists that he might have joy

Eve were placed in Eden they were of the Holy Ghost; and happiness in this life and in the

not subject to death and would have Developing a contrite spirit and a life to come. (2 Nephi 2:25; DHC

lived forever in their state of innohumble heart; 5:134135.)

cence had they not violated the law Obeying all the ordinances and Truth is a knowledge of things as given them in the garden. (Gen. principles pertaining to eternal life they were, as they are, and as they

2:17, 3:3, 19; 1 Cor. 15:2122; 2 and faithfully enduring in righteousare to come. (D&C 93:24.)

Nephi 2:22.) ness to the end. (Fourth Article of The concepts of the gospel listed

By partaking of the forbidden Faith; D&C 14:7.) above are vital. These fundamental

fruit and violating the law under All men will be judged according principles are the measuring rods by which they were placed, their nature to their individual works and none which the Latterday Saint should was changed and they became subwill be required to pay the debts test and accept or reject the ideas, ject to spiritual death, which is banof another. (Second Article of experiences, and attitudes which

ishment from the presence of God, Faith.) There are graded kingdoms confront him. They are the guideand to temporal death, which is or degrees of glory, which the chillines God has given man for protecseparation of spirit and body. dren of men will inherit after the tion and direction during this mortal

(D&C 29:4044.) resurrection, according to their existence.

If Adam and Eve had not transworks. (D&C 76; 1 Cor. 15:4042; The philosophy of the Church is

gressed this law, they would never D&C 131:1.) to think about, act, and react to life

have had children. They did transThe gospel of Jesus Christ was inin terms of these principles. Theregress, however, and thus provided troduced to Adam and Eve after fore the Church helps man reach as

the means for man to obtain a physithey were driven from the Garden complete an understanding of these cal body. (Moses 5:11; 2 Nephi of Eden. It became necessary beprinciples as possible. It is not con-

2:2225.) cause of apostasy to reintroduce in sistent with the philosophy of the

By personal choice and under the whole or in part this same gospel in Church to adopt some other ideology direction of God, man enters morvarious dispensations since that time. or to operate on a double standardtality on this earth for the purpose (Moses 6:5067.) having one philosophy for Sunday

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and another tor the other days of to man by the same method. Other knowledge, man has access to an

the week. means, requiring other preparation inestimable amount of tentative

acquired has he which for knowledge provided are development, Latterand the of quality unique A will. free diligence and is in this It by his own it to learn truth. is is an that man position Saintday

openended approach to the philoquest and in the confusion that arises This knowledge, when properly sophical questions of life. It does about these various methods that so tested and measured in terms of

not claim an explicitly complete much contention and misunderstandthe revealed Godgiven principles, philosophy. This is sometimes dising develop. The shorelines of should become part of the gospel in

concerting because of the desire for man's islands of knowledge, limited a man's life. Hence his philosophy

the security of "rational"answers for as they are, always encounter the is constantly enlarging in both scope all questions at a given time. But sea of the unknown. And the unand depth. Never in this mortal

far from being a weakness, this known is a threat to the status quo state will he complete this process.

incompleteness is an integral part of of that which man does know. These ideas have great implicathe gospel's strength. While all the New discoveries are consistently tions for the teacher and the student

answers men might desire are not forcing the modification of heretoin the church educational program.

available in writing, the means for fore accepted views. In many areas Life itself is a schooling, a growing

obtaining answers which are needed of life, therefore, knowledge is inand becoming. And inherent within

is built into the philosophy itself. complete and tentative. The Church life lie principles that must be disThis encourages growth and develproclaims that truth is "a knowlcovered, adopted, and adapted in

opment and helps fulfil one of the edge,"and to the extent that the formal educational program of purposes of mortality. knowledge about any given thing is the Church. The seminaries, instithe and religion, colleges, of or contutes "truth"the then incomplete, connected problem primary The

rethis accept university church that knowledge is clusions based upon propositions philosophical allwith task. of their part sponsibility as apIt becomes will ideas these be incomplete. that can we know"How

will always be they or Consequently safe only then, that the parent, be."to claim The they are what

first answer, which underlies all reliable conclusions are those which enveloped in research and developother answers, is simply: "The just come from a person who has a ment in all areas of education reassignment. their to to lated which knowledge upon the complete faith."on live shall Now by

institute of total seminary, LatterThe The base his propositions. does faith, this can and of basis man

receive sure knowledge from God day Saint knows that God is that religion, college, or university operathrough the Spirit that these things individual. Therefore, the truths tion of the Unified Church School

are true. which God communicates to men, System constitutes the educational

Obviously, the truths of all things insofar as man correctly compreprogram for that particular compoin all aspects of life are not directly hends them, constitute the most renent part—it is not just classroom

experistructured instruction. Every available knowledge kinds of this in to manliable communicated man the with has student the ence to origiman. all truth though ner. Even

its of educational is part system revealed this limited to addition all In it not does come God, nates with is coninfluence influence. This

stantly improving.

The value of the system is deterMY PRAYER mined by its effectiveness in aiding

BY EMILY POWELL the Church to fulfil its mission, affecting the joy and happiness of

Give me this day the thoughts which make me know individuals now and hereafter.

Each hour what thou would have me do: The Latterday Saint teacher in

To patient he, tender, ever kind to those I love, the church program of education

And conscious be of thee the whole day through. is operating in an eternal frame of

What would thou have me do dear Lord? reference. Knowingly and intenPlease tell me as I wait on thee. tionally he is an influence, building

I lift my heart, my very soul to thee. faith in the Lord Jesus Christ. His

Please tell me how to know thy will, thy perfect acts as a teacher have eternal influplan for me. ence upon the lives of his brothers

Keep me to play my part and take my place and sisters. This is an awesome

With other souls to whom thou also gives responsibility.

plan. great in thy play part to A

joy to with tread the way As a teacher he should develop a Keep me

Thy wisdom sweet hath planned for me. personal philosophy sensitive to this

To murmur not, nor seek myself to please vision of his role in his Father's work.

But walk with thee in true humility. This can only be accomplished by

To harmless he, not critical, dear Lord, accepting and living the gospel of

Of other soids who different paths are set by thee Jesus Christ. The teacher must

to tread, But just to walk with joy the way thou hast for me make the gospel of Jesus Christ his

And leave the rest to thee. personal philosophy.

OCTOBER 1964 843 At present, attention is being—Hebrew—original.... This would

Since Cumorah called to the distinctly epic nature be the 'Words of the Wise'on which of the earliest patriarchal stories, "a Proverbs also subsequently drew."43

(Continued from page 821) distinctive epic attitude,"showing The idea that the Babylonians and that the "preSolomonic Hebrew hisEgyptians might be dependent on tory [has] been conditioned by a the Hebrews for ideas found in the as the higher critics had assumed, specific epic standard."3 "Some Bible instead of the other way round

the invention of men writing many years ago this writer pointed out at is indeed a revolutionary one.

centuries after the times they are considerable length that the oldest It is interesting that the ancient supposed to be describing; the Old part of the Book of Mormon, the Hebrew remains, though not scarce,

Testament gives a vivid and accurate book of Ether, depicts the purest do not have the impact that the picture of the very world in which epic milieu in the fullest epic detail. foreign materials do. 44 The Lachthe patriarchs are said to have Is it mere coincidence that Joseph ish Letters, containing eyewitness

moved, and of no other/ Smith hit upon the epic device for accounts of the desperate state of

Eduard Meyer and Ed. Konig his oldest stories? Nobody even things in the land of Jerusalem in

were right when they insisted that knew there was a genuine epic Lehi's day, 45 have excited far less the Old Testament narratives, unlike milieu until Chadwick pointed it comment than the Elephantine the dry annals of the Babylonians out in the 1930V"1 Papyri which show us a Jewish comor the fairy stories of the Egyptians, When a hundred years ago late munity living far up the Nile, were real history: "... this respect Babylonian parallels to the Hebrew whither they had fled for safety,

for fact and historical perspective in flood story were discovered in the possibly at the destruction of Jeruthe records of the race finds no library of Assurbani-pal at Nineveh salem in Lehi's day. 4 '5 In 1954 some

parallel in the whole literature of (first of the great library discovof these records, the Brooklyn the ancient Near East until the time eries), it was instantly concluded Aramaic Papyri, were discovered in of Herodotus."34 that the Old Testament version had a trunk, where they had been overThe theory that Genesis was not been lifted from this Babylonian looked for fifty years. 47 Perhaps the

intended as history but as "poetic "original."But as still older versions most surprising discovery about

media for the conveyance of divine of the flood story were found in these Jews settled so far from home, truth,"must now be discarded. 35 Mesopotamia, they were noted to was their program for building a

For "none of the Pentateuchal and be more like the Genesis story the temple in their new home. 48 Not

other early historical sources of the older they were, indicating that the long ago learned divines were fond

Old Testament invented its material Bible story might be the oldest one of pointing out that Nephi's idea of... [they] cannot be charged with after all. 41 And now comes the building a temple in the New World

any kind of fabrication.""1 And not Atrakhasis Epic of great antiquity, was quite sufficient in itself to prove

long ago it was thought to be all showing that the Babylonian flood once for all the fraudulence of the fabrication! story which has long been accepted Book of Mormon, since, it was

"It is clear,"writes Albright, "that as the original source, "has been argued, no real Jew would ever the substantial historicity of biblical wrenched from its context,"which dream of having a temple anywhere tradition has been vindicated to an here appears for the first time, offerbut in Jerusalem. So the Elephanextent which few unprejudiced bying "proof... that the whole frametine Papyri score another point for

standers could have deemed possible work of Hebrew tradition in Genesis the Book of Mormon.

a generation ago."37 In commenting I-X, and not just the episode of the The portrait of Abraham as a very

on this, Albright observes that the flood, has its counterpart in Sumerocivilized man who possibly lived in peculiar genius of the Jewish and Babylonian legend."42 "a sophisticated brick house in a

Christian religions, as over against A perhaps even more striking city,"was something "we should all other religions, is the total invindication of the possible priority never have guessed"until Sir Leonvolvement of their teachings with a of much Bible material over the ard Woolley discovered it in the real historical background; he also sources from which it is supposed to 1930's. 49 Since then all sorts of

notes that this background has been have come is the discovery by information about Abraham has been largely lost today, but has its clearDrioton that a famous monument of turning up. 50 In 1950 were pubest expression in the Book of MorEgyptian Wisdom literature, which lished fragments of a book of Abramon, which commits the Mormons, is supposed to have been the source ham found among the Dead Sea

whether they like it or not, to a and inspiration of Hebrew Wisdom Scrolls; they supply interesting side

literal and historical interpretation literature, "is actually an indifferent lights on our own book of Abraham, of the story of salvation. 538 Egyptian translation from a Semitic to which we shall refer below. 51 The

844 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA same year saw the publication of the losses than from glosses."And he elude "the first major biblical manuBrooklyn Papyrus, part of an actual proceeds to illustrate the point from script of great antiquity,"5S letters of

record kept at an important Egyptian a number of books, showing that the great leader Simon Bar Kochba prison in Joseph's day. It includes "future translations will have to exwritten by himself, 51 'the "first known

a list of seventy -five prisoners'names, pand the text substantially—includHebrew documents from the early

of which forty are of West Semitic ing... some [passages] of great Rabbinic period,"60 and above all the

origin, by which "the genuine animportance for their content."55 records and teachings of a pretiquity of some patriarchal names is Which brings us back to our Christian "Church in the Wilder-

... brightly illumined."'"'- Which original proposition that "they have ness."01

reminds us that in 1938 Nelson taken away... many parts... that More than a decade ago this

Glueck first showed Lehi to be an auwere most precious..."and that writer, following a clue from an

thentic West Semitic name, at home these are to be restored by the bringapocryphal work called the Assumpin the borders near the Red Sea. 3i ing forth of "other books"and tion of Moses, suggested in the pages

In 1958 the same authority was records. There is no better illustraof The Improvement Era that the

able to trace part of Abraham's tion of both these points to date documents from the caves of Qumroute through the desert "into the than the Dead Sea Scrolls. ran had not been hastily buried by

Wilderness of Zin from Palestine to Within a stone's throw of Jerutheir owners to preserve them from

Egypt and back again.... After havsalem (less than fifteen miles away the ravages of a Roman army but

ing discovered these Abra ( ha ) mitic on the average), is a land that had had rather been deliberately buried sites,"he reports, "the chapters in been examined with care by Chrisand sealed up to come forth in a the Bible describing the journeys tian antiquarians since the days of later "dispensation.""2 Since then,

of Abraham and his people... beOrigen and Jerome. Hundreds of the discovery of a fragment of the

came clear to us."54 caves containing thousands of writAssumption of Moses itself in one

"To come forth in their purity...."ten fragments had escaped detection of the caves has put scholars on the

By far the greatest influence in through the centuries until the destrack of investigation which now effecting a new reading of the Old ert suddenly came to life in the leads them to the conclusion that

Testament comes from the Dead early 1950's. "Discoveries tread on the Scrolls actually were buried "in

Sea Scrolls. And the surprising the heels of discoveries,"cried Pro- a solemn communal interment"with

thing that the Scrolls show us is that fessor Cross. "The antique riches of the hope of their discovery in a later

the text of the Bible has not been this land seem limitless."56 By 1960 and better age. 63

so much altered—for actually they over 230 caves had been explored, In this connection, one find in

show that it has been on the whole and writings had been discovered particular should be mentioned, preserved with astonishing integrity in many of them. 57 The documents namely the now famous Copper

—as mutilated by the removal of that interest us consist of more than Scroll from Cave IV. It is a

material from the original. As Pro400 manuscripts covering a span of document of first importance: "...

fessor Albright puts it, "Our Hebrew 300 years—from the end of the third There is hardly an aspect of Near

text has suffered much more from century BC until 68 AD. 57 They inEastern archaeology, history, and religion that [it] does not in some way

illuminate."64 Originally it consisted

of copper plates, but these have been riveted together so that they could be rolled up in imitation of a sacred

SPECIAL MOMENT leather scroll. 65 Why copper? BeBY FRANCES HAUL cause this record was more valuable

than any of the other Scrolls, being

You can be doing some very simple thing: nothing less than a catalog of all

Picking beans in a garden, the buried treasures of the society.

Making sandwiches for a picnic, If this record should perish, many if

Helping a child put on his galoshes—not all of their possessions—all dediAnd suddenly contentment splashes on your face cated to the Lord—would be irreLike a first drop of rain in an unexpected shower. trievably lost. Hence it had to be

A downpour of gentleness shines around you, written on an enduring substance

There is an exuberant flash of lightning, and carefully hidden away. 66 ConAnd along the green hills of your life sider some items from the Copper

Resounds a thunderclap of joy. Scroll:

OCTOBER 1964 845 Item 4: "... tithe vessels, consist- "... and I cannot write but little 42 show that the gentiles and the Church

are not to be confused. In verses 25 and

ing of log vessels and amphorae, all of my words, because of the diffi26 the gentiles receive but then lose the of tithe and stored SeventhYear culty of engraving our words upon pure records. In verses 35 and 36 more

produce and Second Tithe... in the plates"(Jacob 4:1) and "... I would recordsand in verse"come38 forthit is theuntogentilesthe Gentiles,"who conbottom of the water conduit, six write it also if I had room on the vey the Bible to the Indians, while in

cubits from the north towards the plates, but I have not...."(Morverseall the39world,they conveyconvincingyet "otherthemselves,books"theto

hewn immersion pool."mon 8:5.) Writing on plates reIndians, and the Jews that the former recItem 26: "... buried at three quires a cramped and abbreviated ordscomplicatedare true.to referThisto theseemsBookmuchof Mortoo

cubits, (hidden) there is a pitcher, script, Moroni explains (Mormon mon alone. See especially 1 Nephi

in it, one scroll, under it 42 talents."9:32), and Allegro also notes that 14:2328.2See Francis W. Kirkham, A New WitItem 34: "In the (drain) pipe writing on copper plates actually ness for Christ in America ( Independence,

which is in the eastern path to the produces a new kind of writing that Mo.:1942),Zion'spp. 267-8.Printing and Publishing Co.,

Treasury, which is beside the is peculiarly difficult to read, charTor a general discussion, see H. Nibley,

( 1959 ), pp.Entrance: tithe jars and scrolls in acterized by mixing forms of letters, in147ff.The Improvement Era, 62

notes 99. to 4See Era, 1964, Nov. 94 spacing proper the between ignoring the jars."67among

in Schofield, Expository Times, 71 5 J. N. one from "runningover words, 195. p. line (1960), All these were sacred treasures Albright, in Currents, F. Cross 9 W. of in word,"a the middle to the next

114. 71 p. for religious (1959), only used could beand of vowels. neglect general and Christianity in 7C. Gordon, Today, 4 8 that along with thepurposes."Note 131. lies in our23, p. (Nov. greater deficiency 1959), "A

in Sitzber. der Berliner Meyer, of 8Ed. writings, are sacred onemoney selves,"concludes, Allegro Hist.-Phil. d. Klasse, Wissenschaft, "we simAkad. as the vessel a clay suchthem in 153. a sufficiently p. not possess ply 1908, do

in Zeitschrift die alt Robinson, in, fur Scrolls T. Sea were foundDead votechnical comprehensive Hebrew testamentliche Wissenschaft, 73 (1961), the jars.others packed in among text of this to deal with a 265. p. cabulary

Albright, F. in Journal of Bible pool"refers 10W.The "immersion.This to "a kind."71 should a sobering have

Religion, 31 p. 110. and (1963), to Allegro'sritual bath"according fondly in S. those people Expository Times, 71 Rodd, effect on "C. who

131. p. the "SeventhYearnote, (1960), and that if only dispro- suppose we could in Expository Times, 71 Rowley, H. H. of the custom, reminds oneduce"the plates, Nephite 97. cover some p. (1959),

cit., op. Robinson, to 267. p. in the casuallyreferred Book of to them: translation could be left 13T.14

cit., op. 196. p. of the people's a bringingMormon, this sort of thing needs and a Urim latest the S. Hooke, summary, CompareJ. Schofield,

Ritual, Kingship years'(OxEd., Myth, andseven indeed. supply to a great Thummim

in discussion 69 with our An 1958),gathering. Since the (Salt to the past few decades have Approachford, Book Mormon of

PreChristian baptism and seventhbrought forth numerous exemplars Lake City: Deseret Book Co., 1964), Ch.

year produce thus ring familiar bells of ancient writing on metal plates, 23 18W.(pp. F.256268.)Albright, in Journal of the Amof the the studentto Society, Oriental erican Book p. 64 (1944), of Morof Exhibit which A are the gold

148. is of particularmon. But what hisplates—sacred silver Darius and I'Histoire et de 17A. Parrot, de in Revue

interest, of course, is the nature and tory deposited in a special stone box Philosophic Religieuses, 1950, pp. 1-9.

use of the copper plates. By both by a nearcontemporary of Lehi 72—it fromCf. W.AbrahamF. Albright,to EzraThe(NewBiblicalYork:PeriodHarprecept and example they proclaim is only too easy to forget that nothing per & Row, 1963), pp. 2-9.

from the first time clearly and unin the coming forth of the Book of 19For18C. Gordon,the Bookop. ofcit.,Mormon,pp. 133-4.H. Nibley,

equivocally that indeed it was to the Mormon, ChapApproach Book of of excited louder howls an Mormon ters 3-7 to conceal customancient Jewish a idea of the fantastic derision than Bible the Before Gordon, C. (New

sacred records, including records sacred history being written on York: Harper & Row, 1962), pp. 32ff.

kept on metal plates prized for their gold plates and then buried in the IV,21E.pp.A.214-5.Speiser, in Contemporary Review,

durability. of business writing cit., The op. 97. Rowley, p. H. its 22H. Scroll and Copper ground. The

cit., 131. op. 134, pp. hard andon such plates was carefully with compared dismessage, that questions one Hammurabi's 23C.M"NoGordon,

tasteful work: "The scribe, not withwhat the Book of Mormon itself has Code is a single composition in spite of

out reason, appears to have tired to say about the recording and stortheare notfact onlythatwrittenthe prologuein poetryand(asepilogueagainst toward the end, and the last lines ing of bronze and gold plates, should the prose of the laws) but in a different of writing are badly formed and give pause to the most skeptical critic dialectcalls notfromonlytheforlaws,a differentbecause thestylepoetrybut rather small. One can almost hear of the Book of Mormon. even for different grammatical forms."

his sigh of relief as he punched out C. Gordon, Ugaritic Literature (Rome:

the last two words in the middle of (To be continued next month) discussingPontifical Biblicalother Institute,cases as 1949),well. pp.Cf. 6-7,his

article in Christianity Today, 4 (1959),the final line."70 How clearly this FOOTNOTES

132. p.recalls the protests and explanations A. Kitchen, in Faith and Thought, K. Tn 1 Nephi 13, verses 3, 4, 10, 12, 14,

of our Book of Mormon writers, 15, 16, 17, 19, 23, 29, 30, 31, 32, 33, 38, 91 (1959), p. 190. It has been shown

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

that varieties of style occur within single 348; G. E. Wright, in Expository Times, and jarhandles (72ff), inscribed weights

Egyptian documents as well as Babylonian, 71 ( 1960 ), pp. 292-6, and ibid., 72 ( 1961 ) (99ff), the Samarian Ivories (106f), and

inscriptions Parrot, S. 188f. ibid., Cf. A. 213-6; Mowinckel, found newly (11 iff). op. cit., pp. 1-10. pp. pp.34 4r'H. in Desert, etc., Suppl. Tradition Nibley, Gray, Vetus Testamentum, No. Lehi in the Norse 3 (Oslo, Prophecy and J.

Academy of Science, 1946), pp. 7-8. Vol. V (1957), p. 218. Cf. Ed. Meyer, (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft, 1952), pp. 8f,

28H. H. Rowley, in S. Hooke, op. cit., Die Israeliten und ihre Nachbarstamme 109.

p. 260. A generation ago such a thing (Halle, 1906), p. 484, and Geschichte des 4UM. L. Margolis, in Jewish Quarterly

was unthinkable, H. Torczyner, in ZeitsAltertums, I, i, 131; and Ed. Konig, in Review, 2 (1911-2), pp. 419f.

chrift der Deutschen Morgenlandischen Historische Zeitschrift, 132 ( 1925 ), pp. 47C. Torrey, in Journal of Near Eastern

Gesellschaft, 85 (1931), pp. 287324. 290ff. Studies, 13 (1954), pp. 14953.

27H. H. Rowley, in Expository Times, 71 35T. C. Mitchell, in Faith and Thought, 4SMargolis, op. cit., pp. 430435.

(1959), p. 98. 91 (1959), p, 48. 4"T. L. Woolley, Digging up the Past

2SA. Haldar, Associations of Cult Prophets ME. A. Speiser, op. cit., p. 214. (Middlesex: Harmondsworth, 1950), pp.

among the Ancient Semites ( Uppsala, 37W. F. Albright, in Cross Currents, 9 6466.

1945), p. 199. "Today there is a confident ( 1959), p. 117. Cf. G. von Rad, in Exposi50"The contracts from Kirkuk and nearby

assertion that the prophets of Israel were tory Times, 72 (1961), p. 216; H. H. Nuzu confront us with biblical parallels

all cultic officials...."J. Schofield, op. Rowley, ibid., 71 (1960), p. 97. that cluster around the Patriarchs...

cit., p. 197. 38Albright, op. cit., p. 111. Abraham was of Mesopotamian origin, and

J. Eaton, in Vetus Testamentum, 9 ""C. Gordon, in Journal of Near Eastern his son and grandson married girls from

(1959), p. 138. Studies, 11 (1952), p. 213; cf. ibid., 13 their kin in Mitanni. At the same time,

Ibid., p. 149; cf. H. Wildberger, in (1954),'pp. 56ff. Egyptian blood was in. the Patriarchal

Vetus Testamentum, 8 (1958), p. 81. 40See discussion in The Improvement household.... The Patriarchal Hebrews

31H. Wildberger, in Vestus Testamentum, Era, 59 (January 1956), pp. 30ff. enjoyed the ideal spot and the ideal time

7 (1957), p. 65. "Discussed by H. Nibley, in A Book of to fall heir to the rich and varied heritage

32G. E. Wright, in Expository Times, 71 Mormon Treasury (Salt Lake City: Bookof the entire ancient Near East...."C.

(1960), 33W. F.p. 292.Albright, Biblical Period from craft,42W.1959),Lambert,p. 135.in Journal of Semitic Gordon,13 (1954),in Journalpp. of5659,Near Easternand ibid.,Studies,11

Abraham to Ezra, p. 5: "... the Patriarchs Studies, 5 (1960), p. 116. (1952), p. 212.

come alive with a vividness unknown to a 43E. Drioton, in Faith and Thought, 91 51Y. Yadin, A Genesis Apocryphon (Jerusingle extrabiblical character in the whole (1959), pp. 191-3. salem: Hebrew University, 1956), p. 8.

vast literature of the ancient Near East.""For a summary of important Hebrew B2K. A. Kitchen, in Faith and Thought,

For discussions of the discovery of the finds, S. Moscati, L'Epigrafia Ebraica 91(1959), pp. 180-4.

Patriarchal Age, J. Reider, in The Jewish Antica, in Biblica et Orientalia, No. 15 53See The Improvement Era, March

Quarterly Review, 27 (1937), p. 349; (1951), discussing the Gezer Calendar 1956, p. 152.

J. C. L. Gibson in Journal of Semitic (pp. 8ff), the Samarian Ostraca (27ff), 54N. Glueck, in Proceedings of the AmerStudies, 7 (1962), pp. 44ff; R. de Vaux, the Siloam Inscription (40fF), the Ofel ican Philosophical Society, 100 (1956),

in Revue Biblique, 53 (1946), pp. 321Ostracon (40ff), the seals (47ff), bulla pp. 150-5.

KW. F. Albright and D. N. Freedman,

in Journal of Bible and Religion, 31 (1963), pp. lllf.

56F. M. Cross, in The Biblical Archaeologist, February 1954, p. 17.

51G. Kuhn, in Theologische Literaturzeit35TH ANNIVERSARY AT THE ung,list of85 new(1960),texts,p. R.651.Meyer,For theibid.,latest88

(1963), pp. 19ff.

Cross, op. cit., p. 2. M.

11. NEW YORK WORLD'S FAIR B8F.Ibid., p.

""R. Brownlee, in The Biblical Archaeologist, September 1951, p. 54.

"We have treated this theme at length

RICHARD L. EVANS in An Approach to the Book of Mormon,

pp. 133162 (Chapters 1315).

With this thirtyfifth anniversary broadcast today, originating at the New 1954),t2The p.Improvement89. Era, 57 (February

York World's Fair, two themes come uppermost to mind: one is the theme M. Black, The Scrolls and Christian

Scribner, 12. Origins York: Fair, is p.of the other "Peace through the 1961), (New Understanding."theme The

the Allegro, Treasure The of 64 J. M. isof Pavilion, our for Life a search "Man's Search for Happiness."own

us all. We all have our unanswered questions. We all have our problems, Copper1960), p.Scroll25. (New York: Doubleday,

our disappointments, our difficulties, things to accomplish, things to overibid., p. 27; A. DupontSommer, in

come and improve upon. And in this search every man has an obligation Revue de I'Histoire des Religions, 151

p. 25. (1957), allto learn all to can, can, he that he can all he know and to become

cit., op. 66Allegro, p. 62.

this: the of greatestbecome. utterances there "Let recorded ever One was Allegro, reproducwith Translated by 1

light."all think, of to search, to the need outbe shadows, to come tions 47. of text, We on 33, 43, pp.

to learn, to repent and improve, and to find our peace through underTo use such goods for nonreligious ibid., 61. sin,"purposes a heinous p. was for intelligence, of happiness. search glorystanding in our "The God is

4:4. they that only "3 Nephi Note light Fair,or, in other at words, the World's and truth."2 Here we see for the year substance a needed and

before us the evidences of material progress and limitless possibilities, half; the seven year supply was apparentlya

and the future can be "the best of times... the worst of times"3 as we familiar and traditional.

turn the mind and spirit of man to the uses of all that is here in evidence. 70Allegro, op. cit., p. 27.

To this end, "Let there be light."nIbid., pp. 2830.

There is a reproduction of these along

Gen. 1:3. with a discussion of "Ancient Records on

2D&C 93:36. Metal Plates,"in Franklin S. Harris, Jr.,

sCharles Dickens (18121870), English novelist. The Book of Mormon Message and Evi-

"The Spoken Word"from the Mormon Pavilion at the New York World's Fair, presented dences (Salt Lake City: Deseret News

over the Columbia Broadcasting System, July 26, 1964. Copyright 1964. Press, 1953), pp. 95105.

OCTOBER 1964 847 and personal affairs; have marked receive recognition without being

Matching Men and Jobs personal magnetism and charm; have jealous or upset, even though he

vivid imaginations and be able to knows that such recognition came plan ahead; be well and strong partly because of his efforts or

(Continued from page 823) physically so that they can give labors; he must be one who can and

abundantly of their time and energy; will give sound counsel and advice

have a strong unquestioned testiin presidency or council meetings;

mony of the gospel and support "all he must be one who works well on 21. Some enjoy proselyting and the way"the leadership of the a team, not the "lone wolf"type.

are happiest and best adjusted when Church; have established for themThe third group might be classiassigned to some form of missionselves a record for getting things fied as record keepers. Because of

ary service. done and for honest, just dealings the importance of having accurate,

22. Some have jobs or family situwith others. These leaders should wellkept records, this group should

ations or obligations which may be students of human relations so be very carefully chosen and inlimit the amount and kind of servthat they can, when necessary, "pour structed. Some basic qualifications

ice they can render. oil on troubled waters"and keep a are dependability, neatness, orderli23. Others feel they must accept smoothworking organization. They ness, exceptional accuracy, and some

positions offered them in order to should be those who have the courknowledge and training in tech- "maintain face."age to try new ways of getting things niques of record keeping.

24. Many enjoy doing only those done, who will encourage others to Group four may comprise the

things that have deep spiritual sigchoral directors and organists. They

nificance such as temple work, admust know something about music, ministration to the sick, baptisms, or have a sense of timing and feeling other ordinance work. HALLOWEEN SQUIRRELS for what is appropriate in music for

There are many more things that BY EVA WILLES WANGSGAARD any occasion, be orderly and always might be said about the people from a little ahead of time, have a sensiwhom the executive or leader must Grayhooded goblins knock at my tivity to and an understanding of make selection, but this list will door, people, display a pleasing personserve to create an awareness of the Tiny white ghosts two feet from the ality and not be temperamental, and many human relation matters that floor, show willingness to cooperate.

must involve the leader who would Frightening wizards as ugly as Group five may include those consuccessfully match men with jobs. doom, sidered for teaching positions. Only

It is also important to remember Haggard old witches all minus a the general basic qualifications for that nearly every Latterday Saint broom, teachers of all age groups, regardless dislikes to turn down a call to servScary black cats and bewhiskered of the organization where they ice. Thus many accept positions gnomes teach, are considered here. They

knowing full well that they have Traipsing the neighborhood far should first have a love and an unlittle or no interest in the assignment. from their homes, derstanding of children and people

These are the people that those Carrying paper bags heavy with at each age level and should be who are called to positions of leaderloot, aware of the basic characteristics of ship are obliged to understand Candy, nuts, popcorn, iced cookies, each age group. They should be

and direct. and fruitwell-grounded in the basic principles

Now, it is time to consider the Halloween squirrels wear very of the gospel. Previous training and

kinds of jobs for which personnel queer fur experience in the subject matter they must be found and to list, with Gathering seasonal provender. will teach is desirable. They should

each, the basic qualifications debe chosen only if they are willing to sirable in the person to be selected prepare well and faithfully. They

for each job or position. must set a good example, be deBefore doing this, however, let me express themselves, and who will pendable, and permit the child or

make it very clear that all jobs are give credit where credit is due. adult taught to be heard and have

important. This concept has strong The next group is composed of his opinion respected.

bearing on the morale of the indithose logically classified as counIn the sixth group may be listed vidual and the group. selors or assistants. Some basic the youth activity leaders. These

It is expedient here to make rather qualifications desired of these might need a special understanding of large job classifications. Those posibe that they preferably have had young people and of their urge for

tions which involve top leadership previous experience of some kind in high adventure, activity, and fun.

will be considered first, i.e., superinthe particular organization to which Their personal integrity should

tendents, presidents, directors, or they are being called as counselors never be in question. People in their

chairmen. or assistants; be willing to cooperate; group should enjoy the outof-doors,

The basic qualifications for those demonstrate loyalty to presiding be able to respond to all kinds of in this group include: They should officers; have the ability to keep consituations that demand intense activlove and understand people, all kinds fidences; and be willing workers, ity, have plenty of time to give, be

of people; be good organizers, not ready to take assignments and follow willing to keep open house twentyonly of the organization they are through on them. One in this group four hours a day if necessary, and

called to head, but of their own time must be able to see the top leader have the complete support and un848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA wfiie new m Caest Canyon Oak Hills 875 Donner Way in ftll|!!|,|

iilHll"'Just East of "This is the Place"Monument o/fietmtt omt'cymedt Wmdiwi/mitm o/mJmmt ofa$ck 8/

.11 the prestige and privacy of an

estate with the perfection of an elaborate custombuilt home, but with none of the cares and responsibilities of home ownership and maintenance—yours to enjoy in

the new Canyon Crest. Located just 10

minutes from downtown Salt Lake, the

Canyon Crest is being built in Salt Lake's new beautiful residential area—high on

the mountain side near Emigration Canyon with an unlimited panoramic view of the entire valley.

Here are only a few of the many features of

Canyon Crest:

1 25 one, two, three, and fourbedroom apartments, condominium ownership.

5 luxurious mile high penthouse suites.

Beautiful recreation room, garden terrace, swimming pool.

Spacious enclosed, heated garage with electrically controlled doors.

Sound proof construction.

Gas air conditioning and heating, individually controlled.

Individual balconies for privacy and view.

Barber shop, beauty salon, coffee shop.

Insulated panoramic windows.

Fully equipped laundries.

Master TV antenna system.

Abundant closet space.

Spacious rooms, including dining rooms.

Fast, automatic, quiet elevators. Come see the scale model of Canyon Crest

General Electric kitchen appliances, cabinets (s now on displaydisplay atat thethe OakOak CrestCrest GardeGardens Building, 900 Donner Way, 8:30 a.m. to

by Mutschler. 5:30 p.m. Mondays thru Saturdays, 12 Noon to 7 p.m. Sundays. Or write for de -

Ceramic tile baths. scriptive brochure mailed without obligation. Address Sawyer Investment Co., 2971

Choice of color combinations. Kennedy Drive, P. O. Box 8174 Foothill Station, Salt Lake City, Utah 84108.

Low monthly operating costs.

The Canyon Crest proudly presents for the first time in Utah the Total Energy

Introducing a New Era in Utah! Concept—in which natural gas supplies all energy requirements, including onsite

generation of electricity as well as cooling, heating and water heating. Three gas tur-

"TOTAL ENERGY"binesowners(oneandforforstandby)the maintenancegenerate ofall thethe building.electricityTheneededwastebyheatCanyonfrom Crestgeneratingapartmentelectricity is recovered and used to energize air conditioning and heating equipment and

WITH toyousupplycan usehotallwater.the electricity,Lightning,heatingwinds, andand airstormsconditioningcannot affectyou wantelectricalwithoutservice.affectingAnd

your low monthly operating charge.

NATURAL GAS! We have utilized this new concept of natural gas "Total Energy"to keep your

costs at a minimum as long as you live in Canyon Crest.

For best choice make your selection early! Architects:Ashton, Brazier, Montmorency and Associates, A. I. A.

Consultant:

A. P. Paulson, AIA CO. Financing: INVESTMENT SAWYER

Western Savings ft Loan Co., Zion First National Bank Robert D. Sawyer, President

Builder: Telephone 4860075 Sawyer Construction Company

derstanding of their families. in positions of responsibility and the individual's future performance,

As a result of the above presentatrust. I strongly recommend a visit, by

tion, it is hoped that the leader will After obtaining a knowledge of appointment, to his or her home be more aware how important it is these facts, time must then be taken where all the family can become a to match men and jobs and will to make the proper approach when part of the call. If this is not posrealize that, in order to do it intelliextending the invitation to serve. I sible or desirable, then I recommend

gently, he will need to know as much would suggest that people not be a confidential discussion in the office as possible about the faith, temperainvited to serve by writing them a of the executive. During the conferment, interests, training, experience, letter, nor by a passing word in the ence, time should be taken to explain

beliefs, likes and dislikes, home hall after a meeting, nor by telein detail what the job entails and problems, and physical limitations of phone. Since I believe the call to what will be expected of the person

people before calling them to serve serve has such a strong bearing on if he accepts. Never play the job

down by saying it will take little of his time or that it is not too important. Do not expect or push for an

immediate reply. The person being

called may be asked to think it over, talk with his family, seek counsel if | THE it. Another SPOKEN THE NEED AND NATURE OF he so desires, pray about

listo and WORD i PRIVACY conferenceten to his mayproblems,be arrangedhis likes dislikes and, at the same time, to answer his questions.

see has accepted, person the When set church apart wheneverRICHARD L. EVANS that he is

beso suggests or practice policy perto the another of freedom. turn to phaseToday we would We refer

for blessing is a special there it that has cause has tosonal kind privacy. From do with of freedom far back

been said that a man's home is his castle—a place entitled to peace, proteceach one. who accepts an assignment

tion, and privacy. To quote from some significant sources: "How can in the Church.

you make plain to a new generation that privacy was no mere transient It is now the executive's or leader's to encouraged the job worker keep.. culture. expressionpersonal of a whole normal mood, but a. How can

his job feel that to and make him... solitude, neither secrecy, that nor to them, privacy meantyou convey

yet concealment; that it was... grounded upon a sense of human worth, is important. If he needs special

job, for the arrangements training.. for dignity."1 individuality reserve respect shy a aupon.... human

this. for that See he be made in [the] of the must heart, a "sanctuaryPrivacy is something 'in which...

to his fellow is properly introduced [in] will existence, of atbustle refuge'take could tumult withdrawal and from the company and gaze of others; the absence of undesired attentions workers within the organization and

and intrusions."1 One of the great blessings of life is living with others, to the class or group to which he

assigned. been gifts, the of associations contributions minds,with and many has many many

of Christ of Jesus Church The fullpersonalities, services civilization. sustefor for that But make many

is of acSaints church Latterday a also of soul to retreat, there the to timesnance be withdraw must human is fruits tivity. It their said, ye "By self to one's shield inquisiwithin, distraction, confusion, from from rude

thereshall Executives them."know intrusion.tiveness, his of uninvited privacy and have the man must A

fore the responsiwith are charged his to truth, thoughts, think for to to his searchmind own make own into of kind calling of some it: bility to hischoices, to said Faulkner William come As own conclusions.

service of the membership as many all for privacy cannot be an individual."2"One lacking need times We

is is possible. as This a challengereflection, for dignity, searching, for respect; for personal personal pursuits,

for freedom from the noise, from the affront of loud voices and distracting and a sacred trust to leadership. The

selection, training, enproper and insistentinfluences, shouting persuasion. the time from and need We for the of people couragement many circle quiet ones,for the close, for quietly of loved with keeping company

family and friends, and for keeping quiet company with the Father of us church assignments called for in the stakes requires not only wards and all, respect. in reverent, prayer, earnest in reverent more We need leader the his people and knowemphasis has been which on the home, most that said to be "the supreme and

sacred dwellingplace of privacy."1 Withdrawal from life is not the point their jobs, but also, that he seek the

or purpose. All of us have obligations to serve, to do, to share our influhelp of his Heavenly Father to inspire, sustain guide, him. and

part. participating interest, to Life our is enrichedence be a and by assois the Lord's This work. Through

also for forciation there others—but peace with is the need and privacy,

freedom from intrusion, for personal and private thoughts, for personal humility, diligence, and supplication leaders of the the chosen Churchand private things, within the hallowed sanctuary of heart and home.

will the to face left alone never be xStebelton S. Nulle, "The Life and Times of Privacy,"Western Humanities Review, Autumn 1956. task of matching men and jobs.

2William Faulkner, "On Privacy,"Harper's Magazine, July 1955. (From New Dimensions in Leader-

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia ship, Manual of the MIA Teaching

Broadcasting System, August 2, 1964. Copyright 1964. Committee, 19631964.

850 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SEE WHAT'S NEW AT BYU!

TOM HUDSPETH

1964 BYU FOOTBALL SCHEDULE Sept. 19 Oregon—Eugene

Sept. 26 Arizona—Tucson

LINN ROCKWOOD Oct. 2 New Mexico—Provo

Y\ WmtT \ Oct.Oct. 1017 ColoradoUniv. of PacificState——ProvoFt. Collins MHHHHBHMMHL Oct. 24 Texas Western—El Paso TOM BRADSHAW Oct. 31 Utah State—Provo Nov. 7 Utah—Salt Lake City Nov. 14 Western Michigan—Provo

Nov. 21 Wyoming—Provo

New Stadium, new coach... a complete new look in football for 1964 is to be found at Brigham Young University.

And in addition, KSL Radio adds their own "new look"in sports broadcasting with a team concept of game reporting.

Linn Rockwood and Tom Bradshaw, Rock and Tom, take over for the new year of sports action on KSL Radio. Listen for

... them at 1160KSIon your Radio Dial

OCTOBER 1964 851 Is the Earth? To\ CJ/vuitiim How Old

(Continued from page 830);.# Give Genuine solidify and the crust of the earth

would have been highly stratified KODAK CAMERAS in the process.

Af Special These trace elements, which are

testing, are concentrated at surthe LOW MAIL ORDER PRICES facemeasured in uraniumthorium-lead of a earth. If young one werem to attempt to determine age based

FROM solely on this distribution and on the

tion was uniform at the beginning, result SAM'S PHOTO LAB theconventional theory that distribuwould be an apparently sSffiWMSsBeOTgTO old earth even at zero age after * solidification.

So, a fiftytwo-yearold theoryFIESTA the scientific knowledge and Compact, lightweight.CAMERATakes plus

snaps in color and blackliteral faith of a Latterday Saint andwhite, slides. color even scientist joined have to raise quesfor 1 Just aim, 2 big shoot

the tions about concepts of geolopictures a roll on gists. All the answers are not yet in,

of course, but the time could well come when the nowradical views of

Dr. Melvin A. Cook will change and

COMPLETE OUTFIT broaden geological thinking. This

important step would expand man's its application knowledge and for his 100 instantly Loads INSTAMATIC automatically, betterment increased enlightenand pictures with ease. good 55a takes

the ment about earth settings. he builtin Has lives on, no popmNok film, bulbs, flash guard, matter old. or how young

%'hjf-. batteries

* "fM*m + FALL WIND t of LAB -Residents Utah -t BY ROWENA JENSEN BILLS PHOTO SAM'S sales include3V2% 1115 P. O. Box tax.

, Salt Lake City 10, Utah I hear the wind!

Kodak Outfit Instance 100|, it Camera Tremulously F,esta speaks of winter's Brownie D Complete of $. i D amount in the order enclosed woe. money check I- D D

its Burdened melancholy by chores Name

It heaps dustsoddened leaves beside |* Address I! City Zone State Andthewhinesdoors through naked branches

brown and low.

Bereft, forsaking now, its mournful blow Blasts the shuttered panes with heavy

It ft roar Like cannon on a battlefield of war BURNED OUT Attacking wearied, unprotected foe.

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY Relentlessly it taps my wearied will

As stridently it forces over sill.

A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, I seek escape from its undaunted with tremendous added expense before you find strength, another. Finding solace—knowing that at

Let us explain your need for ample insurance length to cover today's higher values. This wild unharnessed torment will

subside UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY Leavingtryside. view of cleanswept counHEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

852 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Five ways Phillips 66 dealers can help you drive more

FliteFuel gasolines both gladly clean Six and your ers will windshield safely 1. Firstclass service. Phillips 66 deal- 2. Firstclass gasolines. Phillips Sixtytires, safer driving your to spare—for mirror headhave power... check and

lights, battery and brake fluid. in the city or on the highway.

3. Firstclass tires. Phillips 66 Pre- 4. Firstclass road maps. Safe driving 5. Firstclass stations. Stop at a Philmium Action Tread Tires have been begins with a wellinformed driver. lips station—and drive away refreshed.

proved so safe and strong that they Phillips 66 new road maps provide You'll appreciate Phillips 66 Certified let you drive with new peace of mind. easyto-read, upto-date information. Clean Rest Rooms.

...go Phillips 66! Go first class

(It costs no more) Helping Others Make provide. A private room with 30 The counseling interview is charDecisions and Solve Problems minutes to one hour of time is necesacterized essentially by permissivesary if good counseling techniques ness and amorality. The counselor

(Continued from page 839) are to be applied in helping to allows the person to talk freely. He

resolve many types of personal does not pass judgments on what the

Many of us are afraid that someone difficulties. counselee says. Thus the counselee

will "see through us"or uncover our A counseling interview in which a develops a feeling of being able to weaknesses and consequently we problemsolving atmosphere can be say what he wants without fear of have put up strong defenses against created is basically composed of disapproval. Then he will feel that

this situation. It is, therefore, importhree parts: he is understood and can take positant that the counselee should know a. The opening. tive steps to solve his problems.

that he is accepted as he is, and not b. The body. The counselor must, in addition,

as the counselor would like him to c. The closing. have an appearance of helpfulness.

be. True acceptance primarily inHe must show good will, and use

volves two things: first, a willingness The Opening tact, kindness, and gentleness.

to allow individuals to differ from one another in all sorts of ways, and Rapport must be established beThe Body second, a realization that the present fore much can be accomplished. By

experience of each person is a comrapport I mean an atmosphere of unIt is this part of the counseling plex pattern of striving, thinking, derstanding and acceptance in which interview that brings the problem to and feeling. In addition, it is imthe person being counseled feels the surface. It is necessary for the

perative that the person acting in a free to discuss problems with assurcounselor to respond periodically as counseling capacity must believe in ance that the information will be the counselee is talking about his the individual's capacity for selftreated confidentially. He must also problem. But it is important not to

direction and in his ability to solve feel that he will be understood and say, for example, "Do you like your his own problems independently, accepted as he is, without judgment. scoutmaster?"—thus forcing judgbecause in the final analysis, the Until satisfactory rapport has been ment. Rather say, "Tell me what

decisions he makes and the direction established, the counselor must be you think of your scoutmaster."The

he takes will have to be his own. content with developing a working counselee can then indicate his

A good indication that you have relationship with the counselee. Only problems. Don't use questions that

developed an understanding and acin this way will it be possible to put him on the defensive, such as, cepting attitude is to have a person uncover the roots of the problem "Why don't you like your Sunday say "I knew you understood me and and reach a satisfactory solution. School teacher?"He might feel that

accepted me as I was."Several methods of gaining good you are on the side of the teacher

These techniques and concepts rapport include giving assurance, and not on his side. Then you will

can be used in a number of situapossibly by talking about the probnot be successful in getting to the tions. They can and should be used lem and by giving indications of root of the problem. The question

by parents in discussing problems helpfulness; expressing approval or should be, "Why don't you and your

with their children. A teacher or agreement with something the counSunday School teacher get along?"

church leader might use them in selee has said or done; using humor, Avoid overtalking the person. In

dayto-day situations, such as inwhich frequently reduces tension, most cases, lecturing to a young formally in the hall or on the church creating a situation where the counperson does not bring the desired resteps after a class or meeting. There selee may laugh and at least will feel sults. Don't anticipate what the

are, however, times when a person more free to talk. Questions can be counselee is going to say. Let him

seeking help would like more time asked to stimulate talking about finish his sentence. Sometimes it is

and privacy than these situations problems, etc. very difficult for the counselee to

say what he wants to. Give him

SONNET IN COLOR time. Use silence constructively.

BY LINDA LEHMANN Frequently when the interview stops in silence, the counselee is struggling

Behold the blind, for whom there is no white with an idea of some kind or very

Or black, no saffron cloud or blueveined snow, emotionallytoned feelings about

No waters opalescent in the light something. Silence gives the counOf dawn, no emerald or indigo. selor and the counselee an opporThey cannot quaff the toasts which storm winds toss tunity to think over what has been

From cups of slate and amethyst, nor spy revealed during the interview.

The streams that mimic giddy pebbles, moss, Accept the counselee's attitude

And leaves, newwashed, a-dance with bits of sky.

They hear no shadow fugues. They are not stirred and emotions. Judging a person's

As spruce in Black Watch ranks march up the peak emotions or actions will make him

To storm a cobalt heaven. No hummingbird feel you are not really trying to

For them, or petallustered baby cheek. understand his problems.

But we, who know the black from white, would bind Use such terms as "I see,"or "Yes,

All men with this poor fact. Behold the blind! I understand,"or, "Uhhuh,"and nod

854 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MUSIC FOR WORSHIP by Baldwin

Mormon Pavilion

Visitors to the imposing Mormon Pavilion at the New York World's Fair see a beautiful Baldwin Grand Piano and a

Baldwin Model 11 Organ in the two attractive theatre areas. Appointed official instruments at the Fair, Baldwin

pianos and organs have been installed in many pavilions throughout the Fair.

It is particularly fitting that Baldwin should be a part of the Mormon Pavilion since in recent years the Church has installed hundreds of Baldwin instruments to provide music for worship at stake centers in all parts of the country. There is a Baldwin just right

for the needs of your church, too. Write

today for more information.

Official Piano and Organ New York World's Fair, 196465

Baldwin Model 11 Organ * 1 t|B 1 Baldwin Piano & Organ Co., Dept IE 1064

1801 Cincinnati, \\ 45202 Gilbert Ave., Ohio

| 1IV I! information desired: Please check 1 I Organs Baldwin Church 4 V for school Pianos Baldwin church and D 1.1

N a m 8 1". (. Address

j City State Zip.

OCTOBER 1964 8S5 the head. This helps the person The Church Moves On Council of the Twelve and Elder

continue. Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Twelve.

Keep control. Frequently inter- (Continued from page 808) Klamath has only functioned as a

views can wander too far afield. stake for some eleven and oneThen the interviewer should bring half years.

his counselee back to the subject as the forthcoming dedication of the Elder Harold L. Catmull sustained

tactfully as possible. He might Oakland Temple. as first counselor to President Ronsay, "We were talking about Video tapes of the Salt Lake Tabald E. Phair of Klamath Stake, suc-

,"or "How does this fit into ernacle Choir at the World's Fair ceeding President Hassell. Elder

what you were saying earlier?"a week ago were presented on the Merlin W. Bleak sustained as second

"Lamp Unto My Feet"Columbia counselor succeeding Elder Catmull.

Broadcasting System television Elder William C. Patten sustained

The Closing program. as president of Tampa (Florida)

for was Happiness"Search C. "Man's Elders Stake Peecher with Roy

title of sermon a radio counselors. The closing has three major purthe as E. Otis by Presiand Winn

poses: 1. Opening the way for another dentStatesWilburnMissionC.givenWestonofthethe "ChurchEastern secondPresidentcounselorPatten towasPresidentserving Edas Most if needed. sessioncounseling succeeds. White, the Air"program H. of the Columbia win whom he in solved one of be cannotproblems System. Rolla released Broadcasting D. Richey Elder was

feel counselee theinterview. Make counselor. as first

free to come for additional help. The First Presidency announced with his satisfaction 2. Estimating the of Elder softball appointment 1964 allchurch W. The

the to see if interview, presentthe of the as director Paul tournament, Summerhays which began ElI approach should be modified. Bureau of Information at the Oakseven Monday morning, August 24,at

3. Giving reassurance of confidenland Temple. was concluded as Chandler (Aritial treatment of the discussion. zona) won the championship senior

Good leadership and superior After a brief summer recess, fast pitch game from Palmdale teachings are partially the result of stake conferences were con- (California) by a 2-0 score. San

using the techniques just described. vened again this weekend. Diego won the junior fast pitch over

When leaders and teachers adopt Mesa Eighth (Arizona), 4-3. Plain

assist ability to their concepts,these of L. appointments senior City (Utah) Mark slow The won the

is enthey workthose with whom City, pitch and Fifth of Salt Lake Price Money by defeating hanced. They can help people Jerry J. Sargent of Layton, Utah, to (Utah), 1912. Murray Third

clarify feelings, gain insight into the general board of the Young (Utah) won the junior slow pitch problems, and more fully underMen's Mutual Improvement Associatitle with a 14-4 victory over Clark stand themselves. tion were announced. (Utah). The slow pitch final conMany times whether or not we tests featured four Utah teams.

use good counseling techniques may Medford Stake, the 400th now per- a the difference betweenmean in F. functioning the Church, patriSmith, former was P| Joseph in the with Churchson remaining parts organized arch to the from of Klamath Church who served

positive attitudes toward the truth (Oregon) Stake with Elder Dennis from October 1942 to October 1946, and a firm testimony of its divinity, R. Hassell as president and Elders died at Salt Lake Citv following a

or becoming inactive and leaving the Dwaine E. Nelson and Richard E. heart attack at age 65. He was a

Church with a feeling that those Brown as counselors. The stake was nationally known professor of speech.

within didn't really care. organized under the direction of In recent years his home has been

"Remember the worth of souls is Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the in Honolulu, Hawaii.

great in the sight of God;...

"And if it so be that you should labor all your days... and bring,

save it be one soul unto me, how INTERIOR DECORATING great shall be your joy with him BY RUBY DEE CHRISTENSEN thein kingdom of my Father!"paintings have on their walls: Some homes famous

18:10, 15.)(D&C Renoir, or DaVinci, perhaps Van Gogh.

These are homes whose furnishings recall

BIBLIOGRAPHY Old heritage, each handrubbed piece aglow.

Some homes are ultramodern in design 1. Hamrin, Shirley A. and Paulson, Where glamor, glass, and gadgets reign supreme.

Blanche, Counseling Adolescence, In other homes the old and new combine

Chicago: Science Research AssoWith quiet taste, both charming and serene.

ciates, Inc., 1950. Our home has children's portraits on its walls,

2. Rogers, Carl R., Counseling and Richard, Robert, Jack and Don and Joan.

Psychotherapy, Boston: Houghton Its worn and faded furnishings recall

Mifflin Co., 1942. Rich heritage, made rich by love alone.

3. ClientCentered Therapy, BosAnd untold wealth could never buy nor yet invent

ton: Houghton Mifflin Co., 1951. This deep abiding well of pure content.

856 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN

PAYS $100 WEEKLY.

even for life to Nondrinkers and Nonsmokers!

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are evil. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers

are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination,

no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call. Starting

the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

You do not smoke or drink sickness, hospitalization caused by use of DO THIS TODAY!

else narcotics. liquor or everything On Fill right application out mail below and for so pay premiums why fully you're low amazingly protected—at will policy approval, away. your be Upon those do? who rates! mailed. at begins promptly Coverage noon in seeEvery day newspaper your you policy. of date deDon't on effective your 3. loss for that drinking benefits evidence smokingmore and Other lay. enter people almost day Every 50,000 life. ofshorten America's They're one now of 90 accident within days hospitals. get protection your now. So healthleading cause prime problems—a policy). in (as described $2000 pay We hospitalirates highof the premium most accidental for cash death. cash $2000 Or

policieszation charge. of foot, loss for sight of or hand, one one MONEYBACK GUARANTEE

for loss of over policy eye. carefully. Read minboth your cash one $6000 Askyour Or rates are based your on Our it. ister, doctor lawyer sure and examine Be feet. or eyes, hands, both both

it it exactly provides what say Then, towe health, superior all at satisnot reason if for are any you 100%does. nondrinkeras nonsmoker. a and The to just mail policy back us within your close invite 30 comparison We

will fied,days immediately we and enrefund your HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire asked. questions premium. can You No offertion unbelievably can Plan low you

. risk dollars nothing. gain thousands..you of is like ours. Actually, other comno Butrates drinkers accept because not do we

save. rates. See pare what you rates. Also, smokers, high causeand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR AT300cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly StreetCity or RD # Zone.County. State TAX FREEeven for life, Age Date of Birth

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation Height Weight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship,

carry. We send you our payments Air also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect.

2. We cover all accidents and

sicknesses, except war or milipregnancy, any act of belief, of are and you the best knowledge and all members your To ortary service, accidents preexisting or disease? physical free Yes impairment, from and any

you of or any have No plistedlistedhadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor best knowledge, the above your member To

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include your first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please Yes No stating person affected, cause, date, name and addresspremium with application.

fully recovered. of and physician,n attending whether

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 under and pays $2 80 *28 forNeithera policyI norbasedany personon the listedunderstandingabove usesthattobaccothe policyor alcoholicdoes notbeverages,cover conditionsand I herebyoriginatingapply

adult Each prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date Signed:X Each adult ATIAT

65100 pays $590 *59 to Mail this application with your first premium

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

OCTOBER 1964 857 EXTERIOR Latex Paint! These Times checkerboard,pattern which begangenerallyat theextendold railthe

(Continued from page 811) way station, factory, village square, or courthouse back in the old central city.

portation. Only among the archiWhere, in what patterns, will

tects does there seem to be any the doubled population live? Will the

concentration of thought seeking cosubdivisions continue extending the ordinate and even more fundamental old pattern, the checkerboard syssolutions. And among the architem with its later curves, tiny circles,

tectural profession, the principal and other groundhugging modulaexpression given such concentrated tions? Or will some new land

thought as may be observable, has developer launch a striking new goes on faster to do with "reviving"downtown, pattern that will better fit the facts builtup areas—usually by closing of automobile living; one that

"Main Street"to auto traffic, plantwill take care of the millions of ing trees and shrubbery where the commuters who refuse to ride trains, cars used to crawl, and making subways, and busses, but cling "Main Street"into a delightful shopcloser to their cars than Comanches ping mall, surrounded by parking to their ponies? Washington DC,

structures, and fed by crossovers, and a thousand American cities cloverleafs, and other devices leadbegan from scratch after 1790.

ing out to the expressways. Always, Others began fresh in the wilderness

too, there are the "belt routes"which or at the water's edge after 1600.

swerve or form arcs leading to builtWhat will the next development at up suburbias. All this is good, too, the edge of town be? Will large

of capital take place? accumulations like the freeways, new and better dries in minutes of decline to see the we about clearAre redevelopment, slum urban

ance, and block selfhelp. But the subdivider and witness the

inexorably, the demands of the emergence of the "new city"buildAmerican for his needed automobiles ing approach? The tendency has

are such that more are needed. been apparent for many years.

Nor will rapid technological deCountry Club Acres in Kansas City, velopments to reduce smog be Westwood Village in Los Angeles, enough. Engines that will conand many others, now swallowed

sume or reconsume all the hydroby the automobile and engulfed in carbons and exhaust pipe cartridges parking structures, bear witness to that will, cigaretfilter like, absorb the effort. Or do we cope with the

them, will be dealing only with problem only by doubling gasoline clean up with water! effects and not with basic causes. taxes and superimposing freeways

Herbert Hoover, Jr., heading a on urban designs inherited from

Bennett's studyClub committeeof Southernof theCalifornia,Automobilehas andCairo,moreThebes,recently,Damascus,Los Angeles?Rome,

ACRYLIC LATEX HOUSE PAINT stated that any longrange plans To go "by air"and rent a car at

Yours in 1,322 Colorizer colors, must assume that ninety percent or the airport on arrival does not solve at Bennett's paint stores and more of all the people will insist on the problem of traffic, transportation, dealers throughout the interindividualized, automotive transporand serenity in these times.

mountain area. (See yellow pgs.) tation. Who, after all, walks to work

Bennett's 65 W. IS. -Salt Lake City at your house? To school? To

church? Probably no one in the

FOOT*MKM H<o(}'0'a()(!'ii(; vast majority of houses. What may

we visualize as the shape of the

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS streets, accessways, cities, and cityTHOUGHTS WHILE DIGGING

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple expansion yet to take place as our BY PAUL ARMSTRONG sore throat and other minor mouth population doubles in the next forty and throat irritations. or fifty years? I sometimes wish I might ignore

The past tendency has been to away the adjacent farm, passubdivide REMEDY HALLS iceeds and burs and thorns the The ture, and orchard, and extend City. Utah Salt Lake

c >*mmn >**<>*<>(!<i!-i'- same kind of design that existed of yesterday.

where the pavement stopped. It Yet dig in them I must, through

Little Hotomatic Giant called LexChase, be Chevy or sorrow, pain 3 may No. Heater Water Gas

Hills, or Heights, ington Woodland all water hot the supply Will I would If find a place to plant Baptistries, Church for needed patthe Acres. But Club Country Heats Rest Kitchens, Rooms. tomorrow. 20 in rise temperaless 450 terns, GPH, rounded even if more and

ture. Write for free folders on

water heaters, Fiberglass Baptistries, spires.

LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas 858 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Get greater coverage with lower cost

Farmers Insurance Group offers the best buy in auto insurance in America today.

Farmers gives you the comprehensive coverage you need for today's driving at low cost. Farmers rates

are usually substantially lower than most other companies. Farmers offers a 20% discount for

two years of accidentfree driving. And if you have

two or more cars insured with Farmers, you get discounts on all major coverages for each car.

Call your Farmers Agent today for details.FRIENDLY

FARMERS INSURANCE GROUP FAMOUS FOR LOW RATES, TOO!

That Others May Know parable sense of peace, of oneness, Here again it is evident that difand belonging, in contrast to your ferent basic values in parents cause (Continued from page 833) own limitations. conflict, making necessary a stream

It would be a Herculean task to of constant decisions which would find words to convey your frustrabe unnecessary if unity of purpose refused, tried not to exert pressure tion and emptiness when, upon findreigned.

upon him. Perhaps the latter is hard ing in a Relief Society or Primary Also it is true that one does not

to achieve, for surely our yearning lesson a beautifullytaught truth, you marry just his or her mate, but the could not be masked. desire to share it with your mate and beloved's family as well. It is useIt is impossible to describe, the he answers, "I don't care to talk less to believe they will hold sacred

emotions that well up within you as about it,"or "I've never thought of the things you believe when your you rise each Sunday morning, prethat and don't care to now,"or still beliefs are at variance with theirs.

pare the children and yourself for worse, "Someday the crazy things Let me illustrate. Having been

church services, and look once more you believe will drive me out of reared in a home where gracious before leaving your bedroom at your my mind!"consideration of guests knew no

husband who is still sleeping or, havHave you thought of your despair bounds, I happily, trustingly invited ing risen, is sitting with a morning when your sick child cries out in my inlaws to visit us, only to have cup of coffee and the newspaper and faith in the night for a blessing from one of my children whisper to me, seemingly couldn't care less that he the priesthood, and your husband "Grandmother says she feels sorry is not a part of the family group destands by, helpless and unqualified? for me because I was born of a Morparting for church. It is one of the mon mother! What does she mean?

loneliest feelings I've ever known Home and Children What is wrong with that?"

and one to which familiarity lends After one such visit, I found aposno softening. Think of fast day or occasions tate Mormon literature had been

It is emphasized more so when which call for a special fast when placed in the hands of my eldest your eldest son, who now holds the you must prepare food for your mate child. As like incidents continued,

priesthood, sets his alarm clock, and he feels inclined to flaunt before I felt that my loving hospitality had arises, and goes off alone to priestyou his appetite. How would you been betrayed. Fred said he was

hood meeting faithfully Sunday after train your children to observe the ashamed of his parents'behavior,

Sunday. What are his thoughts and principles of the kingdom when one but he made no effort to set them

what does he feel as he sees other parent does one thing and one anstraight. It became my task to undo

boys arriving in the company of other? Have you considered how the damage of each situation patheir fathers? you would explain your mate's betiently with the help of Heavenly

With this feeling a tumult in your havior to your children without Father.

heart, you find your seat in church making them lose respect for him? Reluctantly, I had to admit that

and with the opening announcements It is indeed a touchy, delicate reas much as I desired and needed a hear there is to be a temple excursponsibility. I say responsibility sweet family relationship with my

sion or an elders'party. You know because it cannot be ignored if you inlaws, they were enemies to the

again the yearning realization that are to train and teach them gospel children and me—enemies in a difyou are necessarily excluded because principles. ferent camp who sought every opof lack of priesthood and temple What would you do if your husportunity to thwart my children's

marriage. As your eyes wander over band saw nothing wrong in taking testimonies of the gospel. This

the congregation to the faces of your his sons to a Sunday ball game or called up another responsibility—to

friends, you realize they are inmovie, thus failing to keep the Sabteach the children to love their cluded, and vou sense their incombath day holy? grandparents but to disregard their

attempts to defeat their testimonies.

What a paradoxical assignment!

Occasionally I have been priviYUCCA leged to attend general conference

BY ADA MARIE PATTEN in Salt Lake City. Once I waited one

evening for friends who were going

Like spiny cushions cast aside, through the temple. As I stood there

Through searing summer they abide alone, I felt a failure because of die

With darting lizard and the snake choice I had made when young. My

Their sole companions. Yet, they make heart was full of regret which was all

No murmurings but still contrive the harder to bear because I knew I

Despite their fate to stay alive had only myself to blame.

Till springtime greens the desert floor. My daughter knows my heart is

With wondrous alchemy once more always full when I am near the

And beauty far beyond surmise temple. As I left home, she handed

The yucca's giant tapers rise. me a note, saying, "Read this,

Then every living eye can see Mother, when you are on Temple

That dust may bring forth sanctity; Square."

And loveliness beyond compare I took the note from my purse and

May blossom though the soul seem bare. read the following:

860 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ORGANIZE AND SIMPLIFY, six St.?*, a and lw'JSrRESEARCH BOOK, h wiWORK hjSSS

all of contains <,,,"a generous supply "RESEARCH.1?:::: --..",tA*c*:.. -. clear, rj|d'with the forms you *""='.YOURr; %

easily understood, simplified cW "tions to do your research.,j>ujP WITH THE GENEALOGICAL

Especially recommended 'for the MIA workshop classes, but de "RESEARCH WC)RK BOOK signed for beginners and experi- -."- -

enced researchers alike.,

the Genealogical JResearch Woxk B<j*6k ftas been prepared as a r$EAR6"standardized.Qjad, simftfieSmethod-of'Tesearch in the Church.

WORK * Developed \rt trie cooperation of &cjmej of our best authorities and leaders in this; most imj&ortairt A#%k,;J.h is Research Work Book

has now. been usecl by many, many hundreds of members of the

Our highly praised and widely Church who are—\ to say the least -"mOst enthusiastic with the

sheet Research used Work - latest ily the Fomtremendous help thj Work Bcfk1?. gives* kenf. uses Group, now

if only'I could ha4 had thiibelforehow much time?llished6H ubyFa 7uthey?uChurch,0UX?(anrm exact,Brrbt* "Oh,'

identical copy), and the form on | would have savedjEand ho% much e%sieprfhe work would have side for the recording the reverse for informafa, Thj. ".,*><q-"*-"* familiar response, and has come from all sources your of the

tion, is even easier to use than over the Church. ". -;, J

i before. 'rT -———'

edition): for (enlarged Research Genealogical Book Prices Work

... is..,.. simplithe This,,

,,.,. for set,,3-ring $2.00 recommended,r Complete,..10%

..infor-. for..,binder... postage)*. punched, lLthe fied recording. i system;.. of... r | in..,binder,(prong) Pressboard (add,,(add genuine Bound j 10%'"

.. i.kindred your,, dead,.,, motion about; I,$2.50

stiff in. for,3-ring $3.00 (add back, canvas e durab Bound,,10% t,for. postage)postage)r 3...binder ''"informathe.i ofr sources your and

tion, all on one sheet. No trying to GROUP DISCOUNT: We pay postage on orders for $25.00 or more.

keep in order several different we have Book of Remembrance forms, too. Ask for free price list.

sheets of forms.

LDS AIDS P. O. Box 1 Smithfield, Utah

Also available at many L.D.S. Book dealers.

A cracker box that won't make you mad!

(Filled with saltines that'll make you happy.)

see 0PEN1N6 ONINSTRUCTIONSTC*> PANei. NEWI CRISPLOCK TOP

We couldn't improve our saltines if we tried, but look what we did to our box. No outer

wrapper to fool with. It's simple to open and close. Even relocks itself to keep all eight

(8) packs of saltines crisp and fresh. We figure our saltines deserve it. We figure you do,

too. Supreme 8-pack saltines. From the Kitchen Rich people. (Wouldn't you know it?)

Store it in any position OCTOBER 1964 861 Special Report: "Dear Mother,@ "I'm writing this note to you beHow U.S. Steel put cause I know I am going to miss

3 lbs. of steel realizeyou veryourmuch.blessingsSometimesuntil wethey'redon't

for a short time. But Iinto a 1-lb. package taken away

lower 187 feet. Used just for end posts in a fleet feel I've realized what a sweet spirit

of railroad commuter cars, they trimmed 360 lbs. you have for a long time. Your

off each car. A crane boom manufacturer used tender care of me when I was a

alloy heattreated his welding to shapes cut for loving your baby, concern me builder truck, duty cost 50%. A heavy

I as have grown, always have made to solve a T used them, C J ever. than love Even you more severe problem, impact me \\

-J and eliminated a if you didn't do extra things for me,

JhL brakeforming I would feel it the greatest honor of operation in the my life to live with you. bargain.

Savings as high as 30% aren't unusual "I can't comprehend a mother's when heattreated alloy steel shapes love yet, but I feel you have exreplace sections that previously had to ceeded the limits with yours. I'm

be fabricated by cutting and welding glad I covenanted to be your daughrolled steel plates. small alloy Many ter before this life. I have need of

for sections obtained can shapes now be you, your spirit and character, to that were impractical to fabricate p in the past. help me along in my life.

Heattreated alloy steel shapes "You make me happy when deSteel S. culminate a U. development pressed;

the.< strength a with that the that decade ago discovered began program ago it wasLong kindle the light when I'm in You

alloys Steel, times of 3 introduction tripled and steel "T-l"could be by addingof USS dark; the

steel heatpossessing recently have and stronger than carbon not until treating. Butheat

treated alloy steel structural shapes been remarkable toughness. "T-l"steel as You prepare my soul for its work

available. The light, nonsymmetrical shapes well as other alloy steels that here on earth;

warped easily from the quenching and usually develop mechanical properties And you, as a daughter of God, wound up looking more like spaghetti than steel. through heat treatment are brought me into the world.

available S. Steel U. from the problem. Steel S. has solved The now U.Now it's than easier to write "Sometimes

rolled as shapes. Another available material, is engineeringresult a new USS tell you've all the things in mind had first to led the innovation has to 3 times more that puts 2only from USS,

strength to work but doesn't weigh an ounce more quenched and tempered alloy for a long time.

Look at these "old"and steel bar flats. In their most "Have a wonderful, inspiring trip.

'new"sections, for example, unusual use so far, the thinner, [ Your loving daughter, used in subway car understronger sections permit extra visibility names. The old section through the bars of a gorilla cage.

(left) was built up from United States Steel has been rolled channels and press introducing an average of two new or formed plate steel, welded improved products each month, and we My heart swelled with love; gratitogether. The new sec suggest innovations in the use of all steel tude and new hope and strength

is benefit If could a heat- (right) suspect tion products. you you ) I rebeing, - surged through and my

E-7"1 steel this thinking, business \C alloy of treated type do by as to a resolve carry on my.. is newed idea Steel big. where the U.S. with as heavy, and about half onlyshape

just as strong. innovation. United States Steel, 525 dedicated mother and teacher of the

In a television broadcasting tower William Penn Place, Pittsburgh, gospel in our home.

use of heattreated alloy steel Pennsylvania 15230. USS and

shapes cut steel weight 50% in the "T-l"are registered trademarks. The Broken Word of Wisdom

United States Steel As a young woman I held to a1 strict standard of never dating young men whose standards were not the best, and I made it a point to enlighten anyone who was in doubt as to my ideals.

Fred and I had dated for quite some time, and I had found him to be clean in every respect. There

was no smoking, foul language, drinking, or anything but the best of behavior until one night at a college dance. When he took me in

his arms to dance, I thought I

A NEW DIMENSION OF CONVENIENCE smelled liquor on his breath. At first,

LOCATED IN THE CENTER OF SALT LAKE CITY I couldn't be sure, so I waited until 330 ATTRACTIVE ROOMS MAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTH II knewwas certain.what I mustMy heartdo. sank,I hadbutso

'OVSUjiu NEW AMERICA MOTEL o 862 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA looked forward to this special date, but I told Fred that he must take me home. He looked shocked and

inquired the reason, and I replied that I had always adhered to the standard of not dating anyone who drank intoxicating beverages. He

apologized, pointing out that he certainly was not drunk, that he had indulged in only one cocktail before leaving the fraternity house. I insisted that he take me home. On

the way I told him I would have to break the dates we had made for the future. I could see he felt terrible.

He left me at the door and went home.

Several days later, he met me after class and again apologized and asked said drinking to reconsider, Heme soft, that he never Why your church should have the nothing to him,meant would touch it again if only I would quiet beauty of Bigelow again.date him decor. building church alone would be reason Mormon Appearance

After meditating carpets like other Bigelow carpet, There are many Bigelow about this, I deenough. But a fine

cided to give him another chance. the Gropoint Director shown above,—ideal for the home as well. In fact, for

Insofar as I know, he never did take also absorbs noise. Helps create an atevery public building, for every home,

another drink again until some years mosphere of serenity. Saves on mainteBigelow has or can customcreate the

after we were married. I truly benance and cleaning costs too. perfect carpet. We've been doing it for

lieved him, and I believe he believed This sturdy tweed is woven of finest well over a century.

it himself. selected imported wools to give years

if CARPETS RUGS AND I that seen have However,

SINCE 1825 one of14 wearcolors,undermakingheavyit traffic.adaptableIt comesto anyin Bigelow his in the heart gospeldoes not have

and those standards for his own, other pressures exert themselves and VICTOR can become more important. This IESEL

is what happened to Fred as he began rising in the business world in the metropolitan area where we live—his business associates and colleagues included him in their cocktail parties, in their noon luncheons finest

which included cocktails. He began by having one drink. He was

honest enough to tell me about it.

I felt very badly, reminded him of his promise, and suggested that he ROSCOE newsdrink nonalcoholic drinks. He told DRUMMOND

me there were times when he did this, but somewhere along the way he decided it wasn't worth it.

There was a time when he drankwith his business associates, not analysts when he was in my company. Then

that phase ended, arid he would sheepishly order a soft drink for Making national me and an alcoholic drink for himself. Then it progressed to two for and international

himself, and on upward. When I SYDNEY

asked him to try to curtail the numHARRIS events meaningful ber for his own sake as well as mine and the children's, he answered by snapping his fingers in my faceto summon the waiter, ordering what DESERET NEWS he pleased and as much as he pleased, and telling me to live my THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S FIRST NEWSPAPER

OCTOBER 1964 863 Another CLIP-A-RECIPE idea from life and let him live his. "Living his attend cocktail parties without me.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST own life"now included smoking, I I tried it, and he did go, and I spent learned. miserable evenings at home with the

My thoughts constantly returned children, trying to pretend to them to our courting days and early all was well while my mind raced days of marriage and how comwildly to the environments where I pletely I had believed in his wellpictured Fred without me. It is

meant promises—and how I had agony, I learned, not to have a basic

relied on his love and mine to mean trust and belief.

so much, to be so complete that liv- I consulted the bishop, and he ading the Word of Wisdom would vised me to continue to go with Fred never be a problem. I was heartor to invite a situation where he

breakingly wrong. would be tempted to take someone

In order to be "compatible"with else in my stead. He gave me a

my husband socially, I attended blessing to provide me with addinumerous cocktail parties, night tional strength to save my marriage clubs, and the type of entertainment and still be true to my ideals. It

that appealed to him. Occasionally helped immeasurably. Shortly therehe attended church parties with me, after, my husband suffered a setback

but these less and less as years injiis career which left us short of went by. At first, I felt strong extra funds. Thus our entertainenough to be untouched by the enment was curtailed. I looked upon

vironment in which I found myself, it as a blessing, rather than a hinbut a steady diet of it finally had a drance, and rejoiced.

70 tellingmy soul.effect.It is Itdifficultwas woundingto associateto Recognition of Truth

often and become truly friendly with zingy bits people whose standards are so forProbably every person who faces of vegetable in eign to one's own, when your husthe decision of whether or not to band's "best friend"tries to kiss you marry a nonmember thinks, "My tender golden rolls behind your husband's back when love and I are different. I look at

SALADSTYLE ROLLS sober and openly when drunk, when him and see the potential, and I

Dry Yeast Active different."Fleischmann's pkgs. 2 will be with us it know everyone but more you is becoming

F.} (105115 water warm cups 13/4 mother intoxicated, I remember how my pace and the more and salt 1 tablespoon sugar cup Vi

3 tablespoons Fleischmann's Margarine grows faster and more frantic. pointed out to me instances of peo-

1 cheese, (3-oz.) pkg. cream softened Invariably during those endless ple who had made the decision to flour 1 unsifted 5 1/2 cups egg

melted Fleischmann's Margarine evenings I would mentally picture marry out of their faith and how, in

Dissolve yeast in warm water. Add sugar, the righteous men in our ward and most cases, the results were disilsalt, softened margarine, cheese, egg, think of the priesthood and its power lusioning. Some were divorced;

half the flour: beat until smooth. Stir and how well they honored and some were living out their lives toin rest of flour. Cover tightly. Refrigervalued it and how, through observgether in quiet desperation. There

ate overnight (or up to 5 days). ance of gospel principles and the were many more marriages of this

Roll V-j of dough into 18 x 9"oblong. priesthood training, ordinary men nature than those in which the partBrush with melted margarine. Sprinkle become superior; how none of that ner had been converted and had

with % of selected filling (below). Roll calibre would consider taking his proved valiant through the years.

up from long side, as for jelly roll. beloved wife into places where Statistics prove this point.

Seal edges. Cut into \W slices. Place drunkenness, profanity, and insults As young people we are not qualicut side up, in greased muffin cups. to her womanhood were the common fied to judge the potential. Upon

Repeat with rest of dough. Cover: let rule. The contrast burned alive what basis, except the desires of our

rise in warm draftfree place until douwithin me as I watched and evaluhearts and a few outward indications bled, about 1 hour. Bake at400F. 1215 ated, and I came to appreciate and in the beloved whom we are bound

minutes, or until done. Brush with melted love the gospel more than ever, and to see with "rosecolored glasses,"

margarine. Makes 3 dozen. to cling to it, and to see the socalled can we claim that our marriage will

Pick your favorite filling: sophisticated night life for the be successful? Without the testisensuous, degrading thing these peomony that only the Holy Ghost can

carrots, chopped shredded V3 cup each it. give us of the worthiness of a pros-

* * * scallions Vi cup ple made of radishes and each chopped parsley and chives * * * I decided I could not go on in pective mate, our opinions could be

Vz cup each shredded carrots and this manner and explained calmly nothing more than wishful thinking.

chopped watercress * * * V2 cup each to my husband my reasons for deThe tremendous odds one faces, chopped radishes and scallions siring to find our entertainment more then, are these: If there is no conwithin church activities or in places version or only a partial one, the

where the children could accompany couple will be pulled farther and us. I expected at least a degree of farther apart, especially if the memco-operation. His answer was that ber adheres to the teachings of the

if I would not go with him, he would gospel, for in doing so, growth of

ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS J

864 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the spirit is bound to occur through practice throughstudy and and the Is the Cl)Urd)%WS ofinfluence Ghost. Espethe Holy

cially is this true of a person who hungers and thirsts after righteousness and through growing comes to vour home? a lively hope of eternal life. m The spiritual contrast in the two y

marriage partners becomes frightening to both parties. Every wedk the Deseret News

not does The nonmember bask in "Church News"Section brings believer of the protectivethe shadow and doer. Instead, the influences he Latterday Saints together.

invites into his life mold him and if It is an official organ of the Church these are unrighteous, he is pulled and contains reports, instruction in the other direction, making the and news that should be in every gap between the two practically L.D.S. home. It costs so little. Mail

irreconcilable.

The word I would leave with the this coupon now for information.

young is this: Mark well my experience, for it is not unique. Right

around me are several men and women in our ward whose marriages, "CHURCH NEWS"because they married nonmembers, 143 South Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah are patterned much like ours, varyPlease send me subscription information on the ing only in detail and degree. How "Church News."

many are there throughout the Name

Church, then? Address

We not only ache at the negative experiences we must bear, but also City State for the loss of the positive blessings a unified living of the gospel generates in the home.

I now face another grave decision.

The strain of this ununified living had its effect, and not long ago, I suffered a heart attack. After a slow

recuperative period, my doctor informed me that I must remove myself from the emotional pressure under which I live or recognize the possibility of not living to raise our three lovely children.

Even in consideration of this, my husband is unrepentant.

If you were in my place, what would you do?

SECRET

BY IRIS O'NEAL BOWEN This family is on its way out...

Little Lady on the stair, Tell me what you're doing there,...on its way out to lots of folks...all over.

Trembly chin and drippy eyes, The family goes with every game of FAMILY TREE.

Shaky shoulders, gulpy sighs. FAMILY TREE is an adventure in genealogy. Easy to learn.

Was the night too dark to bear? Challenging! Great fun! A pleasant surprise for anyone who has

Did you see a shadow there? been too busy to discover what genealogy is all about.

Old dark shadoivs look alive Just say the word & the family will be on its way out... to you!

When a girl is only jive!

Come and sit on Mother's knee. I m game for your game! Here's a check for

You're as sleepy as can be! Please send me.games at $2.95 each, postage paid."

You've a secret? What? You do? write to:

Sweetheart, Mother loves you, too! FAMILY TREE

addr Box 4423, Dewey Sta.

Rochester, N.Y., 14613

* To anywhere in USA; elsewhere, CO. D.

OCTOBER 1964 865 You pack a whole week's worth How to Attain Financial of fun in one Long Distance call. Objectives

Pick up your phone and go visiting (Continued from page 827) tonight!

Cash in a purchase revolving fund means shopping for a quality product at the best possible price instead of shopping for credit terms. Being

able to pay cash for a car usually saves $200 to $300 in interest charges. In many instances, the

saving of 16 percent to 18 percent interest payments on "easy payment"

fiMOUNTAIN instalment purchases can help

STATES nance college education and misTELEPHONE sions for your children. An active church member living

the principles of the gospel can save in other areas. Following is a table

of how the average American family spends its income. 1

Housing 26.6%

Food 21.7% Clothing 10.2%

Medical Care 6.6%

Recreation 6.1%

Interest on debt 6.1%

Tobacco and liquor 5.4%

Automobiles 4.6%

Gasoline, tires, repairs 6.4%

Personal care Special for. (beauty parlors, etc.) 1.5%

Church, donations 1.4%

uUoftmonQAieddings Education 1.3%

Reception Invitations, Napkins, Public transportation 1.1%

Feel so good on the feet! Albums, etc., featuring L.D.S. Foreign travel 1.0%

temple designs. (Conventional

are shoes styles for $5.95.) 100 low wedge roundtoe,These Write Total 100.0%

last spoonbillbuilt to for Joyce's famous catalog on FREE and samples.

shape of to the naturalconform design. CushionySaucy, toewiggling the foot. REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 ( A faithful member of The Church

pleasure. asoles walking make Very (Catalog sent airmail for 25c) of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

black, soft. In bone glove supple,light,

or medium beige leathers, white washable can pay tithing and set aside funds pigskin or black suede, sizes 4 to 10, for college education and for misto B. Onlywidths AAA

residents addpaid. Calif, $12.954% a salespr., posttax. sionshis neighborand still byliveeliminatingas abundantlyor reas

Here's How to Order ducing expenditures in the followMail check or money order to Joyce Shoe ing areas:

Box, Mission Valley Center, Dept. 22, San

Dieeo, California. Monevback guarantee. Eliminate 5.4 percent expenditures for alcohol and tobacco.

NewImproved Monson Eliminate or reduce 6.1 percent

interest debt. on purchase The MULTIPLY ACCIDENTS for Generation DON'T Seven revolving referred to fund above by DIVIDING ATTENTION PEDIGREE CHART this help in area. can

child protect tend your and Let SIT-N-STAND FITS TYPEWRITER THE 6.1 for the recreapercent Reduce full driving, attention while allowing on your FITS THE BOOK MEMORY

the road. SIT-N- your safe Order Be a tion. active of the An member FEATURES: price of at the low only today driver.new STAND

finds usually sothat Church major each. $4.95 SPACED RULED FOR TYPEAND

WRITER cial needs For are fulfiled through 14"RAISING PROJECTS SIZE FUND sale. dime. a You don't risk guarantee PAPER We 50%x 25WRAG activities. church

lots your has In quantity organization a 100% GENERATION SEVEN FOLD 20TWOLB.

Bishops for details. us Write send CHART Pattern '"The in People's Spending,"New your organfor a sample to show $3.00 TO FIT BOOK OF onlymarkup. PUNCHED Report, News VS. February and World 6, 1961.

izations. REMEMBRANCE

5 CONTINUATION GENERATION SHEET AVAILABLE BELLISTON PRODUCTS, INC.

Available at Genealogical Supply Stores 1175 Dan St., Ogden, Utah 84404

866 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Reduce the 11.0 percent for purchase, operation, and maintenance

of automobiles. To most members STUDY

of the Church an automobile is a means of transportation. It is not

a status symbol.

Reduce the 21.7 percent spent for

food. Authorities claim that the

average family can save up to twenty percent on food through careful planning of purchases in advance WHERE to eliminate impulse buying and through shopping for bargains. FolYOU

low the rules of efficient home LIVE...

management.

Reduce the 10.2 percent for clothing through developing skill in sewing, remodeling, and repairing. The name family can help in the area of care PLEASE SEND

and maintenance of clothing on FREE ADDRESS hand.

Reduce the 26.6 percent for housHOME STUDY CITY. STATE

ing through the development of "*-*-*JVVX AV/HI TO: HOME STUDY. Brigham Younq University, Provo, Utah

skills on home maintenance and through paying off the mortgage as soon - as possible to save on inter- - BREADMIXER est payments. to a bread batch for 1 makes 4

In his conference address at the loaves $12.95 postpaid to you.

ninetyninth semiannual general conference, Elder Stephen L Rich- A FREE DOLLAR BOX OF MASON CANDY Omy BACK GUARANTY ards significant very statemade a ment. CAN HELP YOU RAISE $180 TO $2,500

in... risk advance No money no obligation.... no comes "What from the windows

will give you a dollar of nationWe FREE box of heaven? Both temporal and ally tell known you Mason and candy how

spiritual blessings. Temporal blessorganization can make40<:on every $1.00 yourbox.

ings accrue largely from the cultiYou have a choice of Mason Mints, Almond vation of thrift habits. The payment Cocoanut, Assorted Jellies, Walnut Fudge. A1

no extra charge of tithes each package witr of is wrapped necessity compels an... steel stainless mix12 capacity quart organization's your picture. pay and You nameorderly arrangement affairs. of one's

.. pail. lifetime tindipped ing rod after only sold you have the candy. isAccounting.... indispensible. 14".. 12"lid Budget- x. with x 12"aluminum

sell. Return what you don't than More 60,000

... included recipes is "old time"FREE.breadsiieing necessary. follows. Saving organizations raised have this money easy... quantity "Special"mixer with eachAll of are which to necessary finanway. you! can So For complete information, prices to church groups!

... cial success. fill in this mail and today! coupon

"I heard a banker say not long ago C&wncL WHEAT MILL that if i Mrs. tithing for Taylor, use served Mary by UNIVERSAL other no purDept. 978

, Mason, Box 549, Mineola, N. Y. nuts, with wheat, corn, topose than secure orderly an

adjustment of one's affairs, of budgtion,Gentlemen:informationPleaseonsendyourme,FundwithoutRaisingobligaPlan fineetc. orEasilycoarseadjustsgrinding.for

eting *of the income and expenses, Name,.

it would be invaluable. I feel sure Age (If under 21) $6.95

that he who pays his tithes not only Oraanizntinn Postpaid to you has a better conception of economy, Add ress "Special"quantity. prices tobut church he also is indulging City & Stnte pracin a

groups! Send orders

. will <Countytice which better bring him into (I to:

thrift habits and enable him to go # How many members. Phone

forward toward financial prosperity."

(CR April 1929, p. 51.)

The systematic application of SMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

skills of money management can do 99 N. Main SMITHFIELD, UTAH

much toward the attainment of personal and family objectives. If the

entire family will cooperate, it need YOU CAN RENT IT!

not be a burden. It can be a joyous experience in working togetheras a family toward a common goal. HOWE RENTS SALES AND RENTALS

Salt Lake City 2375 South State 4860055 88'i'SRSHt. all

OCTOBER 1964.

The bishop of the Capital Peaks Ward looked about him, mentally taking note of his priesthood executive committee: high priests group leader? seventies group

leader? elders president? general secretary for Aaronic

Priesthood—adult? general secretary for Aaronic Priesthood—youth? A sidewise glance to right and left

gave him assurance that his two counselors were there too, ready to back him.

The bishop began, "That completes our work today on the priesthood."Turning to his counselor, he said,

"Please call in the Relief Society presidency and the ward clerk for welfare. Ward welfare is our next

consideration."With these people added to the meeting the ward welfare committee was ready for work.

He permitted a fleeting look back in memory to ten years ago when welfare problems were facing him. Then his two counselors and the Relief Society

presidency were his chief helpers. He recalled with

a half smile the efforts he had made to persuade the leaders of the priesthood that they had a responsibility, too. This group was certainly strengthening.

"Brother Jones, will you offer prayer?"And with

that invocation asking for divine guidance the meeting began.

"There are three problems facing us tonight, brethren and sisters,"the bishop said. "We shall take them

in order: First, the shingling of Sister Willmuth's

house."No one needed to be told of her situation—

newly widowed, with five children, little insurance, and that nearly gone. He faced toward the elders

president. "Will you direct us from here on, President Able?"TheWard Weekly President Able began, "We estimate that fifteen

men each night for three nights will about do the job. Since there are fifty elders in the quorum, weWelfare Committee propose to supply ten different men each of the nights,

which will require that the seventies provide five men for two nights each, and the high priests five men for. one night only. We don't want the high priests to Meets.

feel slighted, but many of them are older and should not be working on roofs.

"We propose that we do the work one week from

Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday nights. The high

priests can have their five youngest come on Friday.

GENERAL

SfCRETARy AARONic PRIESTHOOD Hamsull has been out of work for nearly six months—YOUTH now, and while we can continue to help him, he

must get back into production as soon as possible.

He is a seventy. Brother Jones, will you please

report progress?"

"I have discussed his case with the presidents of the quorum. They have been meeting with Brother

Hamsull and planning what can be done to give him training. He is a young man with considerable aptitude with tools. The quorum is now making arrangements to finance him to an appliance trade school

where he will learn to service home appliances. Then

if they can't find him a job after he is trained, they propose to set him up in business for himself. That

will take six months. Meanwhile the quorum members are all alerted and weekly reporting to our group

leaders in the other wards any job opportunities they notice. Brother Hamsull lives in our ward, but the

whole quorum is anxious to help."

The bishop's counselor spoke up, "I heard of a quorum which took turns having the family of a man out of

Each man should have overalls, a hammer, a saw, and work to their homes for supper. The turn came about

a carpenter's apron of the type one is given when once in fiftyeight days, as they worked it out, which he buys a barrel of nails. We plan to start at 7 pm hurt nobody, but made them all acquainted with the

and work until 10:30 each night. problem of that family. It also cemented them all

"One thing we shall need is lights, so you high together, for the invitations were made entirely social.

priests can rig those so we can see. We shall want a Sometimes two or three families went together and

half dozen 20foot extension ladders. Each group is made it a real evening. And the unfortunate family

to round up two. didn't feel left out."

"May I have permission to order the shingles and "That's a good idea. I'll try it on our group next

nails, Bishop?"The bishop readily gave instructions Sunday to see if they will start on Hamsulls. Then we

on how to do this and then told the group that Presican extend it to the quorum. I'll report progress on

dent Able was to be foreman of the job and that all the job training,"answered Brother Jones.

should report progress on men who would agree to The bishop smiled to himself. "To Hamsulls—with

work at the meeting one week hence. love,"he thought.

"And further,"he said, "I shall be happy if you will "The final problem for tonight is the harvest at the make your reports of work done to President Able stake welfare farm. It will require all the ablebodied

so he can consolidate them into one report for us at men and boys from 5 am to 7 am every morning a the meeting three weeks from today. He will be week from Monday through Saturday. Our quota is

your spokesman at that time. Are there any quesone hundred. Please report to President Able next

tions?"There were none so the bishop turned to Sunday the number of your various priesthood groups

item two. and their sons who will show up. That gives you

"This concerns the Hamsull family, a case we have next Sunday at group meetings and the rest of the previously discussed. As you are aware Brother week to line it up. OK?"

It was OK and all agreed to get busy.

"Don't go sisters, there is a Relief Society matter we must consider."

Each remaining committee member was on his way home one hour after the meeting began with full knowledge of what to do, when to do it, and to whom to report.

As the bishop turned to consider the Relief Society problem, he remarked to his counselors, "Ten years ago we didn't have time for other matters. We should

be thankful for revealed progress."

MiEPRESDINGi? fK-l @i(Sas)lG) B SHOPRICSPAGEm

BY GEORGE U. HUBBARD HfHHIt&M> j) <&M (i

George U. Hubbard is a staff programmer If I were a young man with my adult life still ahead

for IBM in San Jose, California, He has of me, I would begin at once to prepare myself for also been a computer programming manathree things. I would prepare myself for a mission,

ger for Lockheed Missiles and Space Company, a ninth grade algebra teacher in for marriage, and for a vocation. If these preparations

Carlsbad, New Mexico, and a lecturer at are made well, all other worthwhile things I might

San Jose State College. desire would be easily obtainable. For making these

He has a bachelor's degree in electrical preparations there are a few guides I would suggest.

engineering and master's degree in matheRegarding a mission I would study the scriptures matics and statistics and is working on his doctorate at Stanford University in and learn the doctrines of the gospel. I would learn

mathematics. to quote scriptures from memory in support of the

In December 1951, with his bride of ten various gospel themes.

months, he was baptized a member of the I would learn firsthand what other religions teach first served as Church. He has counselor and how they interpret certain passages of scripture.

"in presidency the Northern the branch of

California Branch for the Deaf and has I would become acquainted with our own position worked with stake and ward Aaronic regarding these teachings.

Priesthood. Presently he is a high council- I would work to develop my own testimony, knowman in the San Jose West Stake, stake ing that I cannot easily convince others of that which

athletic director, and a home teacher. I do not fully accept nor understand. I would learn

to pray, to seek divine guidance, and to recognize the workings of the Holy Ghost, for a mission can hardly be performed successfully without divine assistance.

I would keep myself clean and strong, both physically and morally. I would save my money. I might

even learn a foreign language.

In preparing for marriage I would keep temple marriage uppermost in my mind and consider nothing else. I would consider each girl I date as a possible

future wife and treat her accordingly. I would not

date a girl I could not consider in such a light. I would

not go steady until after high school. Good choices

are seldom made otherwise.

I would maintain a high level of conduct on my dates. It is a marvelous feeling to come home after

a date with your head held high in the knowledge

that you have conducted yourself honorably. would I allow my path to remain blocked by anyone.

I would want my parents soon to become ac- I would not be afraid to work harder and longer than quainted with any girl I began to be serious about. is necessary. Samuel Goldwyn once said that a man

I would want the kind of girl who would feel at ease who is enthusiastic about his work has nothing to in my home and whom I would be proud to introduce fear in life.

to my parents. I would dare to be different—to be original. I would

I would look for a girl who loves the gospel fully remember the old saying that a person who never as much as I do. sticks his neck out will never get his head above the

I would consider marriage to be a partnership in crowd. I would keep in mind that failure is not neceswhich a man and a woman choose each other as sarily a disgrace. As Henry Ford once put it, failure is

partners to go through life together working toward but the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.

a common destiny. I would learn early that respect I would set my goals high by thinking of myself

and understanding are as necessary to the success of as being a little better than I really am and then this partnership as is love. working to close the gap. This can be done in full

A man who is happy in his vocation is generally harmony with humility.

happy in all things. Therefore, I would give serious Making these preparations will be a long and arduthought to the selection of a vocation. I would careous endeavor, and the road to success is beset with

fully survey all kinds of work which I think might discouragement and distractions which will lead the appeal to me and learn their various characteristics. uncertain traveler into error and wandering. To sucIn selecting what I want to do I would keep in mind ceed a person must keep always in mind the goals

that the world needs poets, artists, and musicians as toward which he is working, and he must keep strong much as it needs doctors, lawyers, and scientists. I his desire to achieve those goals. Otherwise, the

would also keep in mind the parable of the talents and apparent glitter and glamour of life's side roads are remember that the Lord expects us to develop and likely to lead one into a life without direction or use our natural abilities to the fullest. purpose and devoid of accomplishment.

I would obtain all the education necessary for the As a final thought I would be deadly serious about highest advancement in my chosen field, and I would making the preparations herein suggested, but at the obtain it as quickly as possible. same time I would partake liberally of wholesome fun

I would develop early in life a reputation for honand enjoyment. As Lehi so beautifully said, "... men

esty, dependability, cheerfulness, and sound judgment. are, that they might have joy."(2 Nephi 2:25.) Let

I would remember President McKay's admonition that me add that the happiest people I have ever known to be trusted is greater than to be loved. are those who prepared themselves well and are now

I would be aggressive but at the same time gentle. reaping the resulting blessings and who are enthusias-

I would not shove anyone out of my way, but neither tically active in the Church.

OCTOBER 1964 871 "Mother is forever saying, 'Now, listen to me,'ence in the life of a very young person. Someone

but she never listens to me,"a fourteenyear-old once said, "Cain didn't have grandparents. Perhaps

girl complained. that is why he acted as he did."

"My son seldom talks to me. I never know what Any child needs individual attention, time alone

is on his mind or what he will do next,"wailed a with his father and mother. Family togetherness is

father of a sixteenyear-old. important, but every girl needs time alone with her

After she had stamped her foot, a mother stood mother, and every boy should have his father to himamazed to see her fiveyear-old son stamp his foot self often. It's in moments like these that real listenin return. ing takes place. To listen with understanding is

A little threeyear-old walked away from the important. Some of us feel we are good listeners

familiar voice of her mother; so many words had just because we restrain ourselves and are quiet when

been tossed at her by her mother that she heard not others are talking. There is much more to it than

one. "I might as well talk in a foreign tongue for that—we must be interested, understanding listeners.

all my child seems to understand me,"the mother We communicate in so many different ways. We

lamented. The great human barrier is the lack of send messages by the tone of voice, by facial exprescommunication between all ages. sions, by a wink or a frown, by gestures; even our

We use words, but our messages often do not carry appearance says something. Silence sometimes shouts.

over. If the words we speak do not have meaning The crudest lies are often told in silence. A little

to those around us, we may as well be shouting down boy looked up at his mother and said, "Why are you an empty well. The wrong interpretation of the

spoken word has caused feuds, revolutions, and wars down through the ages. A life can be changed for

TODAY'S FAMILY. FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITORthe worse or for the better by mere words. Often

we do not actually say what we think we are saying; somewhere in the process our message has

been garbled.

As parents and as leaders we have no followers unless we are loved and respected. So, in order to

make our words count, we must first make ourselves lovable. Only an understanding person who is

thoughtful and sensitive to the feelings of those around him can really be listened to and followed.

If we criticize our children in front of their friends, lasting hurts can result. If we talk constantly, no

matter how profound our statements, our words will fall on deaf ears.

A father and mother can develop the talent of effective communication. Let's Listen

M a ny words must be left unspoken, but it is important to set up policies and stick to them. The child must know that

a parent's "No"has meaning. And a parent must be

sure he means a no when he says it.

Communication lines are broken when one person speaks down to another. Even a little child responds better if he is treated as an individual. Most

grandparents speak to a small child with the courtesy and understanding they would give an adult, and a little grandson acts accordingly. A grandparent, with

love, understanding, and dignity, can be a great influ872 mad at me?"She answered, "I'm not angry at you. HOMELY GOODIES

What makes you say that?"

"Well, your hands are on your hips, and you are Treats for ten home nights not saying anything."Message sending is continuous.

.. Spiced tomato juice As parents our children will listen to what we have 1. Cheese squares

to say if they know we have faith in them, if we build 2. Cream puffs Ginger ale

them up as individuals and make them feel big, and 3. Bacon popcorn Orange juice

if they have full assurance of our complete love. 4. Stuffed dates Chocolate milk shakes

Each child truly is a child of God. If babies were 5. Fruit squares.....Cold milk

born by our Heavenly Father literally placing the 6. Apricot coconut balls Hot apple cider

tiny infant in our arms and saying, "She is my daugh- 7. Peppermint cupcakes Milk postum

ter, I want you to take good care of her throughout 8. Baby pizza Hot bouillon

life on earth,"would we treat her differently? Would 9. Doughnut holes. Apples, nuts in shells

we always remember that every child is priceless? 10. Potato chips and tuna dip... Cranberry punch

To be a parent is a most wonderful gift. Let's really

speak with meaning to our children, and let's listen Cheese Squares (45 squares) with meaning as they speak. Home night is a time xk pound Kraft Imperial Cheese

to practise this—one night a week to listen and to talk Vz pound butter, softened

to each other, and to build strong bridges. (Continued on following page)

-* SALT LAKE CITY'S 7tetve4t *&otel *t HOTEL (Continued from preceding page) <&w TEMPLE SQUARE MODERN COFFEE SHOPS DINING ROOMS IV2 loaves unsliced sandwich bread

DOWNTOWN RATES: Combine cheese and butter, beat

SINGLES $6.00 with mixer. Cut crusts off bread,

DOUBLES $8.00 slice full loaf into 10 slices, half loaf

TWINS $10.00 into 5 slices. Cut each slice into 3

rectangles. Cover each completely

with cheese and butter mix. Place on

buttered cookie sheets. Bake at

400 degrees F. about 15 minutes or

until lightly browned. Serve hot.

Cream Puffs (makes 16 mediumsized puffs)

1 cup water FREE Drive inPACKING V4V2 cupteaspoonshorteningsalt

Managed by Sam Brooks 4 eggs PHONETSL 5-2961 1 cup flour, sifted 75 West South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Bring water and shortening to boil,

DEPARTING add flour and salt. Cook until mix-

2. Hawaiian Christmas pan. Remove from heat and add Travel the 1. Mexico & Acapulco November 28, 1964 ture forms ball and leaves side of Cruise December 20, 1964 eggs one at a time. Beat with

3. Rosebowl Football Game December 30, 1964 mixer after each addition until mix-

4. Africa January 3, 1965 ture is smooth. Continue to beat L D S Way! 5. Book of Mormon Lands until dough is shiny and breaks into

GO MURDOCH TRAVEL (Central America January 16, 1965 strands. Drop by tablespoons 2

6. Mexico February 6, 1965 inches apart on ungreased cookie

of to Join One Plan Now 7. South America February 26, 1965 sheet. Bake at 450 degrees F. for Quality, WorryFree, These

AllExpense-Paid Tours: 8. Book of Mormon Lands March 6, 1965 10 minutes and then at 400 degrees

F. for 25 minutes. Cool completely.

SEND FOR FREE BROCHURE AND FULL PARTICULARS... MAIL COUPON TODAY! To serve, cut off tops. Scoop out any

pieces of soft dough, Fill with

Murdock Travel, Inc, 14 South Main Street sweetened whipped cream, custard,

Salt Lake City, Utah, Phone: 3283161 or ice cream.

Please send me my free brochure and full particulars on12the following3 4 5numbered6 7 8tour(s) greaseFor a tonewfreshlyflavor addpoppedhot baconcorn.

I am interested in travelling to... Season.

Please send me free particulars.

Name There are many fillings to be used

Address to stuff dates. Try filling dates with

City. Zone State cream cheese and chopped nuts or

with peanut butter, then rolling in powdered sugar; fill with cubes of

cheddar cheese, chopped raisins juice, fonARE YOU GOING TO EUROPE? moisteneddant, or withwithhalforangea pecan. These

Have You a Missionary Returning Home? tidbits are especially nourishing for

Why not bring home an elegant children.

MercedesBenz, at the lowest Chocolate Milk Shake Syrup

European retail price? (The saving can pay for a good part of (enough to make 10 milk shakes)

your trip). We will honor the

Warranty and service your car 3 squares chocolate

P/2 cups hot milk when you are back home. Ask % cup sugar

us for details. Dash of salt

KEN GARFF IMPORTS 2 teaspoons vanilla 525 So. State St. DA 8-8541 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

874 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Wonder what 10 marshmallows and roll in powdered sugar. Let to serve

stand in refrigerator until firm.

Melt chocolate in double boiler; stir when you have

stirring cook,in hot milk and until Quick Doughnut Holes friends in? sugar salt. Cooksmooth; and add

about 10 minutes. Remove from Open refrigerated biscuits, cut each

heat, add flavoring. Cut marshbiscuit into as many "doughnut

mallows into bits with scissors, add, holes"as possible with the center stir until melted. Cool and store in of the doughnut cutter. Fry in deep

covered jar. Allow 2 to 3 tablespoons hot fat ( 375 degrees F. ) until golden

syrup to a glass of milk. brown. Drain and coat with glaze

or powdered sugar.

Fruit Squares ( so easy to make

Tuna Dip pitted dates 1 cup Why notlfo seedless cup raisins 1 cup cream style cottage cheesexk cup currants 1 tablespoon mayonnaise tryPostum?

1 cup peanut butter V4 cup sour cream

V2 cup Eagle Brand sweetened con- 2 teaspoons lemon juice densed milk V2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce 2 tablespoons chopped pickle Put all the fruit through a food 1 can (7 oz. ) drained flaked tuna

chopper. Add peanut butter and

condensed milk. Mix well. Press Mix ingredients in a blender until

into bottom of 8x8x2 buttered pan smooth. Chill and serve.

which has been sprinkled with confectioner's sugar. Smooth surface The following recipe is the best

and sprinkle with powdered sugar..one I have ever used to make a deChill overnight. Cut into squares. licious pizza crust. It will make 3

large pies or 18 small pizzas.

Peppermint Cupcakes Mix one package yellow cake mix. Baby Pizza

Divide into 20 muffin cups lined with paper cups. Bake according 1 cup warm water

to directions. Remove from oven 1 package dry yeast

and place V2 marshmallow on top x/4 cup margarine, melted of each cake, return to oven for a IV2 teaspoons salt few minutes until slightly melted. 1 teaspoon sugar

Cover with chocolatepeppermint IV4 cups unsifted flour (about) frosting.

Measure water into a large bowl,

Frosting sprinkle the yeast, stir until dissolved. Add melted margarine, salt, Flavorful, hearty Postum

IV4 cups sifted powdered sugar sugar, and half the flour. Beat un-

4 tablespoons cocoa til smooth. Add enough additional just naturally encourages

1 teaspoon vanilla flour to make a soft dough. Turn good talk among friends.

Vz teaspoon peppermint extract onto a lightly floured board. Knead Made with pure,

V4 cup evaporated milk until smooth and elastic, about 10 energyfood ingredients minutes. Place in a greased bowl, and no caffein,

Combine all ingredients in a bowl turning to grease the top. Cover. Postumgivesyouaa/wra/ lift.

until place double until it Let beat rise in warmand reaches a smooth, 1 the You can drink all you like. in hour.light, Punch consistency. spreading bulk—about

dough down. Turn out onto lightly If you haven't tried

Apricot Coconut Balls (makes about floured board. Divide into about Instant Postum lately,

30 pieces) 18 balls. Roll each piece until it is you're missing a satisfying,

round and very thin. Place on bracing drink.

P/2 cups ground dried apricots greased cookie sheet, turn up edges, You'll enjoy its natural lift.

2 cups shredded coconut and cover with filling and garnish.

% cup Eagle Brand sweetened conBake at 400 degrees F. until cooked. The Natural Lift

densed milk Filling: season tomato sauce with

Powdered sugar dried oregano, grated onion, dash Send name and address of garlic salt, and pepper. Cover forfree Postum recipes to:

Mix together apricots, coconut, and sauce with grated cheese, mushPostum Recipes, condensed milk. Shape into balls rooms, and grated Parmesan cheese. Bex 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

OCTOBER 1964 875.

Material things have their place in life, but..

BY JOY CAPUTO

Our twoyear-old was unable to not communicate to the child the would only drive down to spend comprehend the gifts which were love and tenderness which had gone the day with her and reassure her of being thrust upon her on her birthinto the choosing of the gifts. But their love.

day. As we helped her open the she loved the box because it was Our immediate circle of friends

boxes, each new one seemed to confamiliar to her. Many times we has a charming habit which means a

tain something even more wondrous had played games in which a box great deal to me. When one of the

than the previous box. At last they was a car, and we were going for a group has a birthday, they gather

were all open, and she gazed in ride, and mamma and daddy had at his home for refreshments and an confusion at the array of fascinating given her a brand new box. evening of conversation. No gifts

objects around her. Amused, we How often we expect the material are exchanged, but when I am the

watched to see which toy she would things in life to express our intangirecipient, the fact that these people, choose to play with. It did not take ble feelings. And how often they all busy with their own affairs, have

long to make her choice. With only fail to do this! All too often a gift, taken the time to give me their

an exploratory glance at the fabulous even though chosen with care, does evening never fails to make me feel toys, she marched resolutely to one not communicate the deep personal humble and grateful. No hastily

of the empty cardboard boxes and feeling intended by the giver. purchased gift could convey their

sat down in it. "I'm in a car,"she An elderly acquaintance of mine friendship so effectively.

announced gleefully, and there she has two children who live within a Presents are fine, and I am a firm stayed for a long time. few hours driving distance. They believer in them, but let us not forget

We had spent a great deal of never forget her birthday, Mother's the allimportant personal touches money buying a great many material Day, Easter, and Christmas. On each which mean so much. Let's rememthings, and we were disappointed of these occasions she receives by ber to give a little of ourselves. Let's

because our efforts had not impressed mail lavish gifts. She shows them remember to visit that shutin. Let's

our little loved one. In our youtheagerly to her friends, but her remember to write that overdue letfulness and inexperience, what we heartbreak shows through her pride. ter. Let's remember to express

failed to realize was that the I know that she would gladly forgratitude, praise, and love. Let's

abundance of material gifts could sake all the gifts if her children get personal.

876 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

f l I 1 A RED STARMYEAST "BACK FENCE"RECIPE TAFFY ROLLS 2 pkgs. Red Star 1 cup scalded milk

Active Dry Yeast 1 unbeaten egg

Yi cup warm water 5-5 J/ cups allpurpose x/i cup sugar flour 2 tsp. salt Yi cup cooking oil

Soften yeast in warm water. Add sugar and

salt to milk; cool to lukewarm. Add yeast

and egg; stir. Add 2 cups flour; beat until

smooth. Add oil; stir. Add remaining flour

to form stiff dough. Knead. Cover; let rise

at 85 lYz hours or 'til double.

Sprinkle 1 cup chopped nuts into 24 greased muffin cups. Mix and bring to boil 1 cup

brown sugar, y2 cup butter, Vz cup corn syrup. Pour over nuts. Cut dough in 24

pieces; form in balls; place over mixture.

Cover; let rise 45 minutes. Bake in preheated quick moderate oven (375) about

20 minutes. Place a tray over rolls, turn

upside down for 10 minutes; lift muffin

pan off. Insert wooden skewers (free at

most meat markets). Makes 24.

THE ONLY OFFICIAL

BAKEOFF YEAST!

BECAUSE IT'S DEPENDABLY FRESH DEPENDABLY ACTIVE.

apple polish and sweet stalk your way anywhere.. \&PhjL

'COTTONWOOD Want to impress someone—even yourself? DOWNTOWN

Do it with taste and finesse by simply ordering these matchless Utah treats, guaranteed to arrive in perfect condition anywhere in the continental United States:

great big shiny red Jonathan apples, crisp and tangy as fall itself;

jumbo stalks of sweet and snappy bleachedwhite celery.

Jonathan apples, over a quarter bushel gift boxed—4.95 ppd.

Utah celery sent in time for Thanksgiving dinner:

6-stalk gift carton, 5.75 ppd; 3-stalk gift carton, 4.75 ppd.

ZCMI SHOPPING SERVICE P. O. BOX 1229 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110

OCTOBER 1964 877 Lynnette Anything that could give one it was a good time to buy.

more selfconfidence, more happiShe watched the light change and (Continued from page 825) ness, without making her a complete started across the street. Pearl saw

slave to fashion, was all right. After her and waved. They were soon

But she didn't mean to interfere. all, the thorny rosebush was adorned chatting happily.

She just wanted to help. Everyone with the most delicate of petals. As they were halfway down the

was so grateful. If they could just They were to do a little shopping street, Lynnette noticed a blind man

have seen the face of the young first. It was time she replenished her carrying a white cane. She had seen

neighbor woman when she took her linen cupboard. Some of her sheets him on the streets before, and he al-

a loaf of warm bread and a kettle were torn—these she could cut down ways seemed to manage nicely. But

of soup! She had said, "Why, Mrs. for the grandchildren's beds—one or today he was trying to find the enBruff. You must have known how two were completely worn out. The trance to a certain shop, feeling out

exhausted I was tonight—I'm going stores were having "white sales,"so with his hand, tapping with his cane.

to have another baby, you know.

And I hated to give them another

TV dinner but didn't know what else

I could do."

As she lifted the lid from the kettle and sniffed the rich vegetable soup, cooked on a good lean soup bone, she sighed, "My mother told MARRIAGE: "AN INFINITE DEBT"

me neighbors used to do things like this, but I didn't think they did them anymore. Oh, thank you so much."

Lynnette said, "You lucky, lucky girl. I'll knit some bootees for the RICHARD L. EVANS

baby, and a sweater... and any

time, any time at all that you and More than a century ago Goethe said this concerning marriage: "The sum

your husband want to go out for an which two married people owe each other defies calculation. 1It is an

evening, I will come over and sit infinite debt, which can only be discharged through all eternity."What

with the children. I have stories two married people owe to each other does defy calculation, and it is an

that just need to be told."infinite debt. Marriage is a momentous commitment that requires the best

This had led her to think that of all we have within us to make of it all that it ought to be. But too often

there must be quite a few young those who face what they consider to be an unsuccessful marriage too mothers who needed to get away for quickly feel that dissolving it is the easy and simple solution. But we

a little while in the afternoon. She never go back and begin where we once were. And always there should

decided to start a story hour on her be an earnest, determined effort to succeed and not lightly dissolve a back lawn where the children could sacred and solemn covenant, with all the confused and troubled lives it come after their naps, and have leaves, for no one in marriage has an obligation solely to himself. Somecookies and punch, and go home times one person might be led erroneously to consider only himself, but

happier, perhaps, to a rested, hapwith all that are affected, the lives of children, the lives of loved ones, pier mother. the lives of each other, marriage cannot only be concerned with the

But, if she had to, she could forpreference or convenience of one person. In marriage one cannot conget it all. She could stop "interfersider only himself, nor the present only—nor can he in any other kind

ing"if that was what her family of covenant or contract. Each one must consider the total effect of what

wanted. They wanted her to be a he does, on himself, on others, on children, on all the lives and all the

dainty figurine, wandering around factors, into the farthest reaches of the future. In marriage we have a

dripping in furs like this one they sacred obligation to make home a place of enduring stability. "It comes

had given her. It was too warm for as a great surprise to younger people,"said Dr. May E. Markewich, "that

the fall day, and she felt conspicuous a husband and wife must work at marriage all the years of their life...."-

in it. It would have looked better Marriage is half the responsibility of each. In a couplet on this subject

on the stately young'woman two William Cowper said: "The kindest and the happiest pair will find

rows ahead of her in a smart little occasion to forbear; find something every day they live to pity, and

suit. She could just see her in it. perhaps forgive.""There is nothing which we should go to greater lengths

Xo, she wasn't going to give it to to save than a home, a marriage, a family; for marriage is an obligation

her, though she could have done so of incalculable consequence, and should never be rushed into immaturely, without too many qualms. but once made should never be selfishly or immaturely set aside. "The sum

The bus stopped on the corner. which two married people owe each other defies calculation. It is an

Across the street she could see Pearl infinite debt, which can only be discharged through all eternity."1

waiting for her. She was wearing a

Elective Goethe,fur, too. a little worn, but It was

E. Markewich, Affinities,"WhatbookbreaksI. up a marriage after 20 years,"This Week Magazine, May 13, May status of set sort theclothes for liDr.1962.

those who went to eat at the particu- -William Cowper (17311800), English poet.

lar place they were going. "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Clothes were important to women. Broadcasting System, August 9, 1964. Copyright 1964.

878 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Wait a minute,"she told her Pearl observed, laughing.

friend, "I'll just give him a bit "I could if I had to, if it would of help."mean you could be with your

"Oh... no,"her friend protested, daughter."

"he knows this street better than you Pearl touched her hand, "Too bad do."And she kept walking swiftly, there aren't more people in the

as much as to say, I'm not stopping world like you, honey. But, in the

... even if you do. long run, haven't you found that

And she didn't. But Lynnette did. after awhile people resent having

She asked him the name of the favors done for them?"

place he sought. He told her, and "What difference does that make?

taking hold of his elbow, she steered You don't do a favor because you him to the door. He wore a dark expect someone to be eternally grateovercoat. She was almost nauseated ful to you, or for that matter, even

by the touch and smell of dirt upon for a short time. You do it because

Mother nature put theit. if to it certainly done, you're needs have to be She and would

vitamins, minerals, the it. I rethe you're handy, she one to good and clean. But dowash energy nutrients'producing

wouldn't have done any differently. sent people being beholden to me."intoThey everyare theregrainfor ofyouwheat.to use I

and you a j have When reshe she see course "Of you do. you would got home AndWhen

LEE Mill can Homeenjoy. you

if else. sent didn't to overcoat being beholden have Walter an anyone eat your to better health wayFlour

she could somehow get to him. They keep telling us we have to be withyou bake.every roll, loaf of bread

nature's throw Why away to all tease favors her? willing as well as accept hear them And

a Get Lee Householdj It interfering, gives them. to give othersYou're through remem- a bounty?Flour Mill stone and grind

ber? she told herself. All right. chance to do something helpful, and yourwholesomeown flourflavorfor andsuperbcomShe would have a very frivolous know that satisfaction."forpletepricesnutritionaltoday.vigor. Write

day, enjoy herself. She wouldn't "You mean, there's a bit of selfishHANDY ELECTRIC COMPACTeven buy her grandchildren the new ness in wanting to do good?"AUTOMATIC

jeans she had intended to, though "Of course there is. It's such a Judgeorder forfor 5yourself.lb. Deaf SendSmithcheckFlour or$1.50moneyor $1.00 forthe knees of the old jeans were worn nice, warm feeling. That's why 5 lb. WisconsinMinnesota Flour—free recipes

and she knew her daughter welmothers love their children so much, using Whole Wheat Flour.

comed that kind of interfering. At because they do so much for them."LEE ENGINEERINGDept. I-E 1064 CO.

least she would try not to do so, Lynnette flushed, aware that her 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wit.

though she knew before she started friend was right, aware too that she that it was one resolution which didn't give others much chance to would not be kept. Grandmothers do things for her. She had been

had to do these things. It just hapalmost abrupt with Audrey when

pened that she felt like a grandshe had offered to drive her to town mother to so many people. todav. It had meant a sacrifice for

The day was happy. The meal her unmarried daughter to do it,

was perfect from the marinated for she was right in the middle of herring to the thin clear piece of sewing herself a spring dress. Her

lemon pie with its quivering meheart gave a strange little leap as ringue. Pearl had borsch as an she looked into her own heart and FINE

appetizer and let her taste it. It was realized that there was just the CHOCOLATES

really good. She would have to smallest bit of jealousy of her daughPriesthood Quorums, auxilaries,

order it sometime. ter being able to sew her own scouts, seminaries, church groups

They exchanged all the latest clothes. She herself had sewed so raise funds for their worthwhile

activities of through the sale the for beautifully for so of Pearl Audrey, said, "Thinknews. manv it, Judy

delightful creations candy most girl in "I another once,is going to have baby had said years. The ever Maxfield's. produced Fam-—

July. I'm trying to figure how I can wouldn't ever dare sew anything for ous chocolates and Pecan Logs.

arrange things so I can go back and you, you're such an expert."

be with her.""Why, you're going to be an ex- / cttksiifWecm inChocoUh

"Well, what would stop you?"pert, too. But it takes time,"

Lynnette asked simply. Lynnette had assured her, in effect

"Oh, there are a lot of things to agreeing with the girl. Was she,

get ready. A lot of things to be could it be that she was somewhat

done. If Lars goes with me, we'll selfrighteous, in spite of her prohave to arrange for someone to take testations to the contrary? That she

care of the yard. It's such a hot was really reveling in her own ioy Yes I am interested in Maxfield's fundraising

time."of doing things for others? She programinformation.for all occasions. Please send me more

"Walter and I could come up and couldn't believe it. She did it bedo that, if that's all that's stopping cause she wanted to do it. Lots of Name

you."people didn't care. Somebody had Title

"And I suppose you could tend to to. Was there a middle course, Address

our renters, and everything else,"mavbe, a course that eave others City.State.

MAXFIELD CANDY COMPANY I P.O. Box 554, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

OCTOBER 1964 B79 more opportunity? That encouraged Suddenly she thought of a better her mother only said quietly, "But I

them instead ot always being ready idea. suppose there is nothing we can do

yourself? She would have to think Hesitantly she touched the girl on about it."

about it. the shoulder, saying, "I hope you'll The girl said, "No, I suppose not."

And she was still in deep, rather forgive me. I couldn't help overLynnette started to speak of somedisconcerting thought as she said hearing what you were saying. thing else, casually, as though she

goodbye to her friend, stepped on Would you please give me your had forgotten the whole thing. Her

the bus, and started the long ride telephone number? I have somedaughter interrupted her to ask,

home. (It never seemed long riding thing to tell you that I think will "Was she a nice... well, did she

in the car, though perhaps it did to make you yery happy."look like a nice girl?"

the driver, watching all the traffic, The girl, taken unaware, smiled, "Oh, they both looked very nice.

stop lights, and pedestrians. She shrugged, and wrote her name and She was about your size, about

had not only been unappreciative of number on a card and handed it to twenty, I should say. Dark and

those who drove her, she had been her. Lynnette settled back happily pretty."Again, she went on, "You

selfish in letting them when a bus and waited for her stop. should see the dress Audrey is

was so handy.) It was warm, and When she stepped from the bus, making...."

it was crowded at this time of day; Audrey was there with the car to Her daughter seemed preoccupeople were standing in the aisle. pick her up. The girl smiled, saypied. She said, "Yes, she told me."

Fortunately she had a seat, and ing, "I thought you would be tired Then, "Mother, do you think, if she she leaned her head back to listen after shopping, so I ran up to get could fit it, it might be all right for dress? If her wedding to wear traffic my of the and the you."to the hum

..."her name. "But, it's only two blocks,"Lynwe knew her. meaning Withoutvoices about

to listen, not wanting to listen, for nette started, then added quickly, How was she going to relay that she was suddenly very tired, she "Oh, I am tired. My feet hurt."She bit of information without giving the

heard two young girls in front of kissed the girl, "You don't know how secret away? She paused, then said,

her talking. The one said, "I sup- I appreciate your thoughtfulness. "Well, it just so happened that we

pose you're going to have a How is the dress coming?"were talking of something else, the

reception?""Just fine. Things really sailed magazine, I think it was, and she

The other girl paused a moment along this afternoon. I hope you'll gave me her name. They both did."

before she answered. Then, she like it."She hoped she would be forgiven

said, "No, we were planning on it, "I loved what you did this mornthat small lie.

but it's too expensive. I couldn't ing. You have a special knack with The girl said, "Well, then, why

have a nice dress."sleeves. I want you to help me don't we call her? You could do

"A reception shouldn't cost much. remodel something."it best."

My mother makes the best punch. "Me?"the girl laughed. "Help "No,"Lynnette told her, "she's

Your mother could make cookies. you?"nearer your age. You could do it

Deb's folks have their own hothouse. "And why not?"her mother counso sweetly. You have such a nice

They'd let you have flowers, I'm tered. telephone manner."

sure of it."A little later she telephoned Lynn "Have I? You never told me."

"But, I want a lovely wedding Anne to tell her about the trip to They both laughed.

dress. I've always dreamed of how town, what she had eaten, bought. Lynnette sat down, sighed. Pearl

I would look. No, I've decided...."Then, without too much emphasis, was right. You had to let others

There were tears in her voice. she told her about the girls on the "do a little good,"too. And get

Lynnette looked at the girl. In bus. When she had finished, her appreciation.

fact, she stared at her. She was daughter waited, ready, Lynnette Funny, she hadn't felt so happy

about five feet four, as nearly as she was sure to be on the defensive, but in a long time.

could tell seeing her sitting down, slender. could just about Sheand

I SEWING AM WHEN dress. Anne's Anne DAYS Lynnfit Lynn

V. ELAINE BY EMANSwas her married daughter whose

dress, all handsewn by her mother, things our remind thousand mothers—us of A chest. in cedar tucked awas away

return sewing you But days when I am to say, could her and goLynnette easily: in the mystery hying Most of this to let I you want"Now, tissue to best pattern advantage, out poor A dress. should She yourgirl wear

scissors'bite crispy In clean the the goods, of reception."ahave insisting basting (thank you for The on it,)

And the girl could answer her, The stitching, and the ultimate delight can't things do"Mother, you just fit.

You'll to stop Of seeing garments grow to perfect everybody.for have

trying. I'm not having some stranger Some mothers come back best in poetry,

wear my wedding dress."Or music, or good laughter, or in gardens—

If she did, Lynnette could make But, days when I am sewing, I admit the girl one. It wouldn't cost too I never can be certain whether my

much. She could go without that Hands happily repeat the tricks you taught,

silk suit she was planning to make. Or these are your hands, come alive in me.

880 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -.y..Tyj.t>>.qaryirr>g-.**J:l,U''-'--rii'f-,'--i*-T-liH.! LWIU.U.? v-v-.-.;JLUJlpjliPflP".;! i:. -.- lVUUUBUUIJI

u

Wj 1

IPf// J! f 1;j f

Let mem be many windows toyour soul

.

I.

Marion D. Hanks, era Editor

Elaine Cannon,

Associate Editor

OCTOBER. 1964

-b#e*>-r-*Lg—jL

MtfWlMfcBMaMaiyiWM ji&Mi8<feBateiBSafiBaattaa

i lll..i.iii lir.i.

SfcMj*.V,.*fl

iiii umiiinn cm ii. n.1—

<--S*5

SMmuU

:ss"BY ELLA WHEEL WILCOX

M&**"'

Isn't it wonderful how many interesting things chance,"when he asked her the composition of there are around to be seen and heard and felt the glazed bricks in her dooryard upon which she and learned and enjoyed! Or have you noticed? rested her feet while she did her humdrum work.

Lord Chesterton said: "There are no uninterHer curiosity was aroused when she found that

esting things; there are only uninterested people."a glazed brick is vitrified kaolin and hydrousMan is created with a soul to be fed, and with aluminum silicate. When she had thoroughly inthe urge to feed it. The needed sustenance is all vestigated what that meant her written account

around us, available. We have only to open the of the search was published. Then Dr. Agassiz

"many windows"to our soul—to happily employ started her on an adventure to find out someour eyes and ears and intuition, to use our sense thing about what was under the bricks in her

and our senses and our "inward vision."We can dooryard, and her research on ants became an

furnish our minds with interesting pictures to important book of 360 pages.

look at, inspiring things to hear, happy memories In this issue of the Era of Youth you can begin to live with. to open a few more windows—from medicine to

The great naturalist Dr. Louis Agassiz opened beekeeping—and strengthen the most important

the door to an entirely changed life for a woman development project in the world for you, your who complained that she had "never had a own soul

BY MARION D. HANKS

OCTOBER 1964 883 THE HONEYBEE BY FREDERIC C. ROMNEY

Meet the little honeybee: One of 50,000 drones shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his

and bees. Ultimately able to produce one teaname Immanuel.

spoon of honey. Born to live about six weeks. Born "Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may

to work itself to death. Yet each bee is honored know to refuse the evil, and choose the good."

to defend its fellows with its life. Only the drone (Isa. 7:1415.)

escapes working to death... to be starved or Upon his return to Jerusalem after his resurfrozen on a cold winter night. rection, Jesus ate honeycomb with his disciples.

(Luke 24:42.)

I was fascinated and worried on beholding a Aristophanes, about 400 BC, said that beessmall boy amidst the busy beehives catching bees wax is good for many purposes, among which with a glass jar. He seemed to be looking for are metal protection, modeling, and sealing

special members of the colonies (each 50,000 bees love letters.

strong) without much success. In pursuit of One of the most enjoyable pastimes of this beehis quest he inquired, "Would you have any extra keeper is lecturing to grade school classes. Chilqueens I could have to start a beehive? I've aldren are fascinated by honeybees. A large class

ready caught five or six worker bees, but I of students can ask questions for more than an haven't seen any queens to catch."hour. Children take pride in handling drones,

Then I had the opportunity of giving two leswhich have no stingers.

sons: one on ethics, the other on agriculture. After I had told one grade school class about

"Those are my bees. And they're worth over two how the workers gather nectar, guard entrances,

dollars a pound. If everybody came here to take feed the young, pet the queen, etc., and how the

bees to start their beehives I wouldn't have queen can lay almost 2,000 eggs a day, one little any left. girl asked, "Is that all the queen bee does... just

"In the springtime we beekeepers travel all sit around all day and lay eggs?"

over town just to get swarms of bees. To start I began beekeeping backwards: I bought a

a good colony we must have at least two pounds beehive and then began learning about it. At

of bees. That's almost 10,000 of them. A swarm purchase time I didn't even understand the man

from one of my hives just two months ago who made the sale. Super, propolis, and foulbrood

weighed over nine and a half pounds. You see, were words "all Greek"to me. Why, I didn't even

nine or ten pounds of bees would start a fine hive, understand what a swarm is.

but five or ten bees, even with a queen, wouldn't My speculation had been that beekeeping conhave a chance."sisted solely of honey gathering. Soon, however,

With this explanation he let the bees go free. I found that a beekeeper is carpenter, painter,

Honey is a historic food. The Jaredites took doctor, dietitian, executioner, salesman, and pubbees with them into the wilderness and on to lic relations manager for, in my case, over two

the land of promise. (Ether 2:3.) Jacob sent hundred thousand "employees."Many beekeepers

honeycomb to the ruler of Egypt as a gift. (Gen. have thousands of hives. I own a scant five.

43:11.) The coming of the Messiah was prophe- A beekeeper builds, paints, and insulates his

sied with these words: "Therefore the Lord hives against the weather. He watches carefully

himself shall give you a sign; Behold, a virgin for signs of disease and, when possible, doctors

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

sick bees back to health. He destroys all colonies That's Odd!

having foulbrood, a contagious bee disease. He Did you know that a drone bee has a grandfeeds pollen substitutes when the bees run out father but no father? (See Parthenogenesis.)

of pollen. He markets and promotes his Bees usually will not sting when swarming.

product and files reports with the Department Honey has to ripen within the hive; it is not

of Agriculture. changed en route from the hive to you, just

In working with his bees, the beekeeper breaks strained to remove pollen and wax.

propolis (bee glue) seals very carefully so as to Some honeys, kept for many months, will avoid startling 50,000 "armed warriors."He change from light amber to red. Others may

checks the brood (baby bees) to judge the change from deep red to black!

productivity of his queens. He extracts honey Contrary to popular opinion, bees have predafrom fiftypound supers (basic beehive sections tors: Birds, skunks, bears, wasps, parasitic

in the shapes of hexahedrons ten inches deep, mites, even diseases.

sixteen by twenty inches wide, filled with susBees naturally prefer to orient their combs pended honeycomb). He has to work for north and south. (Not geographic north; maghis honey. netic north.)

IDENTITY

BY EMMA LOU THAYNE

This I know is true With people, places, things,

The self I am today is irrevocable as time. Are but the molecules of being

No earnest plan, nor wish, nor will That give me

Eradicates the self I am. Identity.

Each hour has laid upon me Then let me hear my drummer

A subtle wisp of change; And follow well his beat

A thousand inuendos For I am I, and choose a path

Shift like sand my current self. Unmarked by others'feet.

And yet I stay In crass conformity I die,

In mood and thought But would that retrospect

And triggered tempo, quite the same, Will show my path a happy one

For all my yesterdays, fraught full That I would still elect.

OCTOBER 1964 885 YOUR BODY A TEMPLE can Cancer Association, and;'many medical assoBY DR. GEORGE M. FISTER ciations have warned and continue to warn

(Dr. George M. Fister, former president of the against cigarets. Recently it was proposed in

American Medical Association, delivered this outCalifornia to provide clinics for people who wish standing talk to the 1963 International Explorer to be cured of the cigaret habit. How easily you

Conference held at Brigham Young University. can avoid that clinic. Just never start smoking.

it.—EraWe think ofallYouththe youthEditors)of the Church should read RobertmedicinePlatte,at the professorUniversityofoftheManchester,departmentEngof

It has been said that free men live to cope with land, said, "The heavy smoker has about one circumstances, not to be overcome by them. There chance in eight of dying from lung cancer."If

is no reason why we should not keep ourselves in an airline told you that one in eight of their planes top physical condition, physically strong as poswas likely to crash, you would think carefully sible. Some of us have health problems that mean before booking passage on that plane. Let me

we cannot be as strong physically as others, but suggest that you think carefully before you book we can be as strong as possible within that passage on the cigaret.

limitation. One of the additional requirements for good

There is every reason why we should be physiphysical health is adequate dental service. The

cally strong—all of us, and especially you young mouth must be kept clean like the rest of the

people who are still maturing physically. You body. Not only do cavities damage teeth, but

are still engaging in strenuous exercise, and you they are bad for the general health.

need strength, ability, skill, and endurance to meet Exercise is the next path to good physical the problems that face you now and will face you strength. For you, exercise is a normal thing.

in the future. This picture of fitness also includes You engage in sports, contests, recreational activimental fitness, emotional fitness, social fitness, ties, hiking, dancing. You can get much exercise

and spiritual fitness. at home, mowing the lawn, shoveling snow. Don't

While the stars of football, basketball, and other drive the car to the corner. Walk or ride a bisports are especially aware of the benefits of cycle. Don't use a snow blower, use a shovel.

physical fitness, plain folks, businessmen, farmExercise daily. It is important to all ages.

ers, all of us, are interested in exploring the Each time you exercise or enter a contest, in pathways to better physical fitness. There are addition to the physical strength that you use,

many pathways. I briefly mention some of them. think what else it does for you. It develops

The first is preventing disease and keeping sportsmanship, cooperation, honesty, fair play, good basic health through services of the medical and respect for the other person. It brings emoprofession. Make this part of your life. Become tional, social, and personal attainment. It depersonally acquainted with your physician. The velops qualities that you carry through life, that

story of medicine is a dramatic story. We now are always of value.

have a life boys can expect it One of the other paths is attitude toward work. expectancy—you

of 70.2 years, the highest ever in the United Love your work and it will be pleasant. Find

States. We have prevented diseases, scarlet fever, satisfaction in your work. Work, and have the

typhoid, diphtheria, and polio, that just within right attitude toward it. Satisfying accomplishmy memory struck fear into our hearts. Tubercument contributes to good emotional health. Aplosis is on the way out. In surgery we are doing preciate work, and do it well.

things that were undreamed of a few years ago. Use your leisure time to advantage. We need

The next pathway to good health and strong some play, we need to have fun. Relax occabodies is nutrition. From food we expect good sionally, enjoy your friends. Prove what your

nutrition. There is no magic word, no fad that physical and mental capacities are. The list of

leads to good nutrition, do not be fooled. Know recreational activities is long—use them.

the foods you eat, three square meals a day conNow rest after you have played and worked.

taining sufficient amounts of protein, carbohyWe need rest, we need relaxation, and we need drates, fat, minerals, vitamins, and water. sleep. Sleep restores energy lost during the dayWhat about smoking? I have heard of no retime. It refreshes us and brings us back to ansearcher who advocates the use of cigarets or other day ready for continued accomplishment.

tobacco. All research in the field is to find out It adds to our resources.

the harm tobacco does, and the hazard to health The final pathway is cleanliness—a clean body,

it poses. The American Heart Association, Ameri- a clear mind.

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY CAROLYN HILL our entire family; for example, we all have housePerhaps the greatest responsibility we have to hold duties to perform. Maybe you're supposed

our parents is to live a life worthy of their heritto wash and dry the dishes every day. Your

age and teachings. They could never be paid in mother has asked you to do it, and if you don't,

monetary measures for all they've done and do you're only disobeying her, but you still affect other members of your family. They have tofor us—they don't expect to be. But think how

happy and proud they are when we as their chilupset their assigned schedule to do your work.

dren achieve. This is their pay and all they Occasionally you do have a worthwhile excuse for

hope for. not washing the dishes, but plan ahead and then

Living a life worthy of my heritage and my let the family in on the planning.

parents'teachings is synonymous with living "Setting the proper example"is an important worthy of celestial glory. They have counseled phrase in our homes. We are our brother's

me and made suggestions, but they don't and can't keeper and cannot expect him to attain salvation force me to live righteously. However, in return if he isn't properly taught.

for their love and guidance, is it too much for Did you help your brother as you helped yourthem to expect my obedience and respect? self? Your answer to that question will partly

It is my responsibility to give them peace of determine your worthiness to live in God's presmind by telling them where I'm going and what ence. We're not happy on earth if we're alone,

I'm doing. It is my responsibility to make them and we'll not be happy in heaven if we're alone.

proud of me by developing my talents. They Therefore, if we truly love our Father in heaven,

don't expect me to exceed my potential or capacity we'll not be willing to see our brothers and sisters—they only want me to develop religious and emoattain less than celestial glory. We will do all

tional characteristics which will contribute to my in our power to help them and will start by setting happiness. Certainly our parents, after all their a good example.

concern, deserve a reward of obedient and To love our home is another great responsihappy children. bility of family members. For in a home with

Because we can't separate our parents from our love, all other desirable qualities such as patience home, many of our responsibilities to them affect and loyalty are automatically present.

OCTOBER 1964 887

SELF IMAGE

BY DONALD P. TENNEY tinued error is ignorance, that learning from

Our lives are made up of myriad decisions. We error is progress, and that learning from errors

are what we are today because of the decisions we of others is wisdom. We come to understand that

have made in the past. They were either definite we are intrinsically no weaker than those around

planned decisions, forced decisions, or decisions us. To believe otherwise is foolish.

to make no decision at all. Growth comes to each Emerson wrote: "Meek young men grow up in

of us as we make proper decisions... "doing the libraries, believing it is their duty to accept the

right things for the right reasons."views, which Cicero, which Locke, which Bacon,

It is certain that there is not one of us who have given, forgetful that Cicero, Locke, and has not made a decision that has basically changed Bacon were only young men in libraries, when his life. Some of us have made decisions which they wrote these books."

bring true inner joy. Others, because of lack Negating our potential by comparing it to the

of decision or because of unchallenging goals, have success of others is but shutting the door to substituted mere pleasure as a false replacement present desire and future achievement. Learning

for joy. Pleasure seekers are satisfied with themis a continual process. It does not have to be

selves only fleetingly. Between pleasures they are prorated over any period of time. We can

not certain they like what they are. Inner joy is gather vast storehouses of knowledge, we can

lasting and abiding. We can live with ourselves grow and progress, and this in a relatively short

at all times. We accept ourselves for what we time. On the other hand, we can gain little, being

are. This is a prerequisite to selflove, which indifferent and apathetic, partaking of the lethal

love is a prerequisite to the love of others. potion, procrastination. Either fate lies within

Accepting self we can look in the mirror unour grasp.

ashamed. Facing our friends, conversing with the Whether we attain our possibilities as God's

bishop or our parents is never painful, but joyful children depends on the decisions we make and not feigned, but natural. We have no fear of the way we cultivate ourselves. We are very

being discovered, since what we are we readily much like the seed and subsequent plant. We too

admit and accept. This puts us in the perfect can grow in stature and beauty. We must seek

position to communicate, especially with our out the nutrients which give and sustain life. We

Father in heaven. The soul growth that can come look for our Father in all things. We must learn

to an individual freed from envy, strife, jealousy, his laws and abide by them completely.

and feelings of personal inferiority cannot be We must accept self. But accepting self today

adequately measured. is not being satisfied with today's self tomorrow.

While we are discovering and accepting ourEach day can bring growth. A testimony of

selves we soon find that to err is human, that conpersonal worth stimulates that growth.

BY PRESIDENT OWEN SPENCER JACOBSYE... are a chosen people. THE SALTBAVARIAN MISSION

ARE... you aware of this?

THE... Lord has declared you to be the salt of the earth.

SALT.. gives season to products or preserves them.

OF... all ingredients for food preparation it is the salt that brings out flavor.

THE... finest cooks cannot succeed without it and the

EARTH... yields it in sufficient abundance to satisfy our needs,

BUT.... we have to supply the energy to obtain it.

IF... you were to prepare a meal for yourself or friends

THE... amount of salt used would be a very small quantity compared to the rest of the food.

SALT.. is most essential but always used in small lots.

HAVE... you ever eaten anything pleasing that had too much salt?

LOST.. in delusion is he who expects us to be in the majority.

HIS... intents would have salt the largest portion of his meal.

SAVOUR... is the quality which makes food pleasing in taste or smell.

WHEREWITH... will you find joy?

SHALL... we expect it in numbers—by being the largest?

IT... never has been the case and never will it be.

BE... concerned rather about being the finest and the best,

SALTED... or preserved in the wisdom of the revealed word of God.

IT... is easier to live right and be true than to explain why you have not.

IS... pleasure so sweet or popularity so pleasing as to warrant lowering our standards?

THENCEFORTH... be ye strong that bear the banners of the Youth of Zion.

GOOD... living is never out of season and always brings eternal joy.

FOR... the joy of eternity be willing to be the minority.

NOTHING... can stop the fulfilment'of God's holy purposes,

BUT... clean, sweet, honest, righteous living can surely enhance"fulfilment of our purposes.

TO... the Youth of Zion and the membership of the Church,

BE... ye clean that bear the name of our Savior.

CAST.. aside all mediocrity and reach upward.

OUT.. of the lowliest circumstances let rise the most noble accomplishments.

AND. all the world will call you blessed for your services.

TO.. day is the time to decide, now is the time to prepare to meet God.

BE.. not dismayed. Study, search, attain, achieve, and refuse to be

TRODDEN... down by the false notion that we must be with the majority.

UNDER... whose banner are you marching? Who is your leader?

FOOT... by foot, yard by yard, and mile by mile let us press forward.

OF... all the millions of the people of the earth ye are most blessed.

MEN... of God are our leaders and insofar as we follow our leaders we are THE SALT

OF THE EARTH!

will be peaceful, mentally and spiritually, if I follow where he leads, for he makes me at peaceHE LEADETH ME in a haven of rest in this seething cauldron of

Mrs. Beryl Whiting Warner asked the members of her evil which is the world. He lets me stop my

class of ninth grade students at the San Mateo Stake daily chores and have a day of rest called the

Seminary, Redwood City, California, to write their Sabbath.

ideas of the meaning of the Twentythird Psalm. still waters—Twenty minutes'time was allotted for the exercise. A He leadeth me beside the

composite of the ideas presented by the students is as follows: The still waters of this life are love, beauty, happiness, purity, peace. The Lord leads us to these

and away from earthly troubles. As I drink of

the still waters of life, I will find in them my own reflection. If I strive toward perfection, he will

give me the things I need to reach that goal. He

leads me to the still waters, but I must put forth the effort to drink thereof and choose for myselfThe Lord is my shepherd—whether to do the right or the wrong.

The Lord is my God. He will lead me as a perfect He restoreth my soul—

shepherd leads his flock, back to my heavenly home, if I follow him. His is the path to eternal When the problems of the world confound me and

happiness. He does not drive me but leads me. He I feel that my load is too heavy to bear, I need

is my light and by his example has shown me only seek him. He will restore my spirit and the

the right way. world will be bright again. If I follow him,

he will take me back into his presence. When/ shall not want—the way gets hard he gives me strength, and

if I get lost along the way, he will welcome me "In God is my trust."If I put myself in his gently back into the fold. If I repent of my

hands he will give me everything I need and the sins he will forgive me—this is a restoration of

spiritual guidance to use it properly. I shall acmy soul. I may some day return to my Heavenly

cept his bounties with gratitude and not ask for Father with a clean heart. He will never forsake

more than my share. I will not ask for things me.

which I should not have. I will not expect too

much of the Lord, and I will recognize that spirHe leadeth me in the paths of righteousnessitual happiness is one of his greatest gifts. for his name's sake—

He maketh me to lie down in The Lord wants me to follow him so that I cangreen pastures—faithfully accept the power to act in his name.

He gives me the inspiration to know the right

His commandments, if obeyed, will lead me into thing to do. If I live a worthy life, he will help

the green pastures of peace of mind and happime to resist temptation. He answers my prayers.

ness—there I will find no disturbance because of If I pray in his name I am following the path

evil. The Lord does not lead me into evil, but he desires me to follow. The Lord cares for me

into good, for he wants me to be happy. My life I am one of his children.

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yea, though I walk through the valley of Thou anointest my head with oil—

the shadow of death, I will fear no evil, anointing gives me courage and helps me tofor thou art with me—The

carry on. I am anointed by his priesthood in

times of sickness and I am made well again.

When I come face to face with evil and I am fearful, I need only remember that God is with My cup runneth over-—

me and fear is driven away. I will have no fear

because of my faith in God, and though I know The earth is filled with goodness for me to use.

that I must die, I also know that I may live with The Lord offers me so many blessings that I canthe Lord eternally. I will be resurrected and I not contain them all. Through his plan for hapwill receive a righteous judgment. I will be able piness I am blessed in more ways than my heart

to pass through many temptations because the can hold. After paying tithing and praying, I

Lord is with me to help me. No matter what find myself overflowing with blessings. The

happens in this life, the Lord is near to aid me. blessings which are given me during this life are

surely more than I will ever earn or deserve. My

cup of life runs over with love for the Lord and he has given me. My blessings Thy rod and thy staff they comfort me—for the happiness

far outnumber my good deeds. My earthly and

To me, these (the rod and staff) are the words eternal blessings are too much for me to hold of the Lord, comforting and reassuring. I am and my heart runs over with thankfulness.

comforted for I know that the gospel is as a rod, strong and steadfast, something to which I can Surejy goodness and mercy shall follow me cling. It brings me comfort and rest to my soul all the days of my life—

to know it is always there. I find this comfort

and support through prayer. My parents, too, The Lord will never turn his back on me and will

are as the rod and staff of the Lord to help me welcome me when I come to him. God will foralong the way. The Church is the rod and staff give me if I repent. If I am good, I shall be folof the Lord. Through it blessings come that are lowed by goodness; if I am merciful, I shall meet

of great help and comfort and which cause me to mercy. If I listen to the Lord and do what is

walk in the straight ways of the Lord. right, I will be able to go to my Heavenly Father.

His spirit and his blessings will always be with me.

Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies—And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever—

My enemy, evil, lurks everywhere, but God gives me power to overcome. The Lord has set before If I live a righteous life, and obey the Lord's comme spiritual food. He helps me in trying situamandments, I can, after death, return to the

tions. Through obedience to my Shepherd, I can presence of the Lord for eternity. After the

feast at his table and partake of the blessings resurrection I will go to my Father's house, if I even though all around me is evil. The presence am worthy, and there live with him and my famof my enemies at the feast of righteousness gives ily. The teachings and commandments of the

me a chance to make them my friends. The Lord Lord are a perfect recipe for happiness. The

helps me to love my enemies, whether persons or spirit of the Lord will stay with me to my evil influences, even when they do me wrong. life's end.

OCTOBER 1964 891 A JOURNEY OF FAITH

Margie Mann, a, thirteenyear-old Samoan girl New Zealand. As we landed in Auckland we

of the Pesega Ward, Apia (Samoan) Stake, gave saw many strange and wonderful sights. We

the following talk at a youth conference at the stopped there long enough to have lunch, and

Pesega chapel. Although Samoan is Margie's then we went by car and bus to a city called

native language, she gave the talk in English, and Hamilton. After traveling for 21/2 hours, we

it is printed essentially the way it was given. came to a hill. As we reached the top we saw

a most beautiful sight—the New Zealand Temple.

OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO This is what we traveled all the way to see and this is the blessing I am going to tell you about.

Blessings from our Heavenly Father come in Mother and Daddy rested the rest of that day, many different ways and sometimes we do not and on the very next day they were off to the know that they are blessings. When the sun temple. We children had to wait another day and

comes up in the morning, we hardly even notice on Friday with nine children following Mother it, yet is it not a blessing? If it were not for the and Daddy went again to the temple to have us

sun we would be without light and warmth. The sealed to them. And do you know what that

food we have, the clothes, the houses—we could means? Well, I'll tell you. From now on no one

name so many blessings if we would just stop and except myself can take me away from my famthink for a few moments. The first blessing that ily. We belong together and the Lord has blessed

I received was one that I cannot remember us that if we are faithful we will always be toanything about, how it happened, when, was it gether now and in eternity. When we die we

night or morning, who was there. This blessing will be separated just for a little while, but we

will never be forgotten. Heavenly Father saw will all belong together after this life. But it

fit to send me to a wonderful father and mother doesn't stop here. When the proper time comes,

who allowed me to be brought up with love and I, too, can have the blessing of temple marriage care. I have also had the privilege of being so that my children will belong to me. I may have

raised among friends and families who are memto sacrifice just as my grandparents had to sacribers of the Church. At the age of eight I was fice, and hardships may have to be overcome, but

blessed with the opportunity of being baptized if I am worthy enough and have a strong enough a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latdesire, it can be done. The temple offered me

terday Saints. But let me tell you about the blessings, and another one I received while in

greatest blessing that has come to me recently. New Zealand was being baptized for 61 people

On November 11, 1962, I began a journey that who did not have the chance while they were on was exciting and fun. My family, all eleven of us, earth. Just think, by helping these other people

left Samoa on board the Tofua bound for Fiji. to become children of our Father's kingdom, I

Here we boarded an airplane and went on to will receive blessings. Isn't this a wonderful gospel? Aren't we all blessed? I'm sure each and

every one of you could name blessings right now, and you would never stop. Each day, each hour,

we receive blessings from our Heavenly Father.

We have life, we have love, we have strength, and families. Do you appreciate your blessings? I do.

I wish to thank my Heavenly Father for his many blessings to me, and pray that I may always be worthy to accept his many blessings he has in store for me. I do this in the name of Jesus

Christ. Amen.

Miken Rae Olson knows how to make words work for her. This Provo, Utah, high school

graduate won the state "Ability Counts"essay contest sponsored by the President's Committee on Employment of the Physically Handicapped and competed in the national contest in Washington, DC. She was only 14 when

she won the Provo July 4th Freedom Festival

Speech Contest and this year she spoke at her high school commencement.

Miken attended Girls State, edited the yearbook, was state finalist in the Deseret Newssponsored Sterling Scholars competition, was an exec council member, and received a

Kiwanis international District Service Award.

She has earned six individual awards and 91 Honor Badges—every one offered—as

a Beehive. Miken is attending BYU on

scholarship and wants to be an elementary schoolteacher.

Si! m::s Si;:,

nvereH

Hansen.

Santa Cruz, California, High School student body president is active church member

Everett Gary Hansen. Everett won the top

office with his background of service and honors as a California Boys Stater, honor club and lettermen society member, homecoming chairman, foreign exchange student finalist, and California Scholarship Federation and

American Field Service Club member. Everett

has won four individual awards and his Duty to God award and is a seminary graduate.

byD & PA

"Hi, cousin!"the student body president of

lone, California, High School greets his vicepresident. Elected to the top two offices in

their school were cousins Lloyd Campbell and

Patricia Ellen Marshall.

Before serving as president, Lloyd was football team captain and athletic association vicepresident. He received the most valuable

player award and attended California Boys

State. An Eagle Scout with his Duty to God

award, Lloyd served as president of his Explorer Post, attended the 1963 BYU International Explorer Conference, and was a Boy

Scout camp counselor for two years. He is

second assistant in the lone Branch Sunday

School superintendency and priests'quorum secretary.

At the same time that Patti is student body vicepresident, she is serving as FHA president. She is county Junior Red Cross

representative and has been a school song leader.

Patti has served in the lone Branch as a

Primary teacher, assistant branch chorister,

Junior Sunday School chorister, and MIA secretary.

i-i'Ss:;::: --..V.::.'.'..

094 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <5vAL KfETM

They never miss—hitting their targets or attending their church meetings. These three

members of the Murray South (Utah) Stake rifle team won fourth place in the region 12 championship small bore rifle competition and first place in the Salt Lake Boy Scout

Council contest.

Explorer Craig Dunn, center, won first place274 hits in 300 shots—in individual

competition in the region, which includes

California, Nevada, Arizona, and Utah.

Fourth place in the region was taken by

Keith Luke, left, and their teammate, Val

Wawrzyniak, right, was top shooter in the

Salt Lake Boy Scout Council.

To be eligible for the team, boys must attend one meeting each Sunday in the church of their choice. Adviser Harold M. Shama says

the rifle team has been a good missionary for nonmembers and has reactivated members who were slipping a bit.

OCTOBER 1964 895 Last Word

Tom: What makes you Knowledge does not comprise all which is contained in

think that Mary doesn't the large term of education. The feelings are to be disciknow much about sports? plined, the passions are to be restrained; true and worthy

Jerry: Well, she thought motives arc to be inspired; a profound religious feeling is

that the football coach to be instilled, and pure morality inculcated under all had four wheels. circumstances. All this is comprised in education.—Webster

Clerk: "What's the matter, sonny, are you Sympathy is two hearts

lost?"Small boy: "Please mister, did you see tugging at one load.

a lady alone whose little boy looks like me?"Charles Henry Parkhurst

O youth, whose hope is high, There is a perennial nobleness and

Who dost to Truth aspire even sacredness in work. Were he ever

Whether thou live or die, so benighted, forgetful of his high call-

O look not back—Robertnor tire.Bridges actuallying, thereandis alwaysearnestlyhopeworks.—Carlylein a man that

It was Autumn,. and incessant

Piped the quails from shocks and sheaves,

And, like living coals, the apples

Burned among the withering leaves.—Longfellow

How bravely Autumn paints upon the sky

The gorgeous fame of Summer which is fled!—Thomas Hood

Not only is there an art in knowing a thing, hut also a certain art in teaching it.—Cicero

A budget is a I have made mistakes, plan that enables but I have never made you to pay as you the mistake of claiming that I never made one.go—provided you wmydon't go anyiuhere. Bennett—James Gordon

MtfSs

ex DltS.

u,!M "....... V -'-

So* i"* "25s

IN A NEW WORLD

OF COLORINSPIRATION1. NEW TESTAMENT Large Print, Illustrated Edition The 3. BOOK OF MORMON Large Print, Illustrated Edition

King James Version in large, easyto-read type! R A big 7"x Over thirty pages of full color illustrations! I Includes Arnold

10V4"volume with full color lithographed cover! H Fortyeight Friberg's famous Book of Mormon paintings! Full of pictures

pages of full color illustrations including 15 reproductions of of ancient American ruins and artifacts! Contains sepiatone

famous Carl Bloch "Life of Jesus"paintings! H Eight pages of pictures of the Prophet Joseph Smith, Oliver Cowdery, David

Hammond's New Testament maps! Sfi Full Bible Concordance Whitmer, and Martin Harris! II Large 7"x 10V4"volume with

and Bible Index (Old and New Testaments)! H Plus many addieasy to read type! (jQ QT

tional helps including "From the Beginning of the Gospel Record,""Some Old Testament prophecies,""From Malachi to 4. THE RESTORED CHURCH by William E, Berrett I Large

Matthew,""Jewish Sects and Their Beliefs,"and "Items of In- 7"x 10W volume with easyto-read type! A vibrant history

I Over formation Concerning the Bible."<fl?Q QC of the Church from Joseph Smith to David 0. McKay!

thirty pages of illustrations! Includes color photos of the

2. OLD TESTAMENT Large Print, Illustrated Edition Large temples, famous historical paintings, and various Church sites!

7"x lOVi"volume with easyto-read type! More than 30 % Chapter titles include "A Vital Faith,""The Truth Spreads,"

pages of illustrations in full color and sepiatone! Eight pages "A Clash of Social Orders,""The Spirit of Gathering,""Morof Old Testament maps! 88 Readers helps include "Old Testamonism Tomorrow,"and "The Blessings of the Holy Spirit."

ment Chronology,""Hebrew Festivals,""Weight. Money, and Written by one of the Church's foremost scholars! dT> r QCT

Measures,"and "The Languages of the Bible."rtt>r Qr

ORDER FROM: Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

tte$eret P A N COM Y Book please Enclosed find ]\ame MALL Gentlemen: EAST SO. TEMPLE AT COTTONWOOD AND

order rj 1 have CITY SALT LAKE check Q money 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD, OGDEN an account, please charge | ] Address 777 SO. MAIN ST.. ORANGE, CALIFORNIA for books numbered 12 3 4

Amount enclosed $ City Zip State

Residents of Utah please enclose 3'/2% sales tax

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

How much life insurance you need can only be Your Beneficial life insurance representative, determined by a study of your "assets"and your backed by the "Planned Futures"department in ''responsibilities. 'our home office, will help you study your own

Your assets might include your Social Security; family needs and income, and tailor a life insurance

home; your present life insurance; your pension program that best fits these needs. To take this

plan; your savings, etc. These are often worth, in important step, just call your nearest Beneficial

total, more than you might imagine. Life man... No obligation, of course.

Your responsibilities would include your mortgage or rent payments; provisions for your chilWrite for more information on "Planned Futures"

dren's education; your own retirement; provision

for accident and illness, and your family's needs if they were required to live without your income. BENEFICIAL UFE Sound financial planning for your family's future must include a consideration of these items

and many others. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah