The Improvement Era February 1959 I I I I Sports with Romper Room School Lee Grosscup j

Weekdays at 11 a.m. Week Nights 10:20 p.m.

"PLAYHOUSE I "RAWHIDE"I I FRIDAYS 90"I 6:30-7:30 P.M. THURSDAYS 8:30 P.M.

I I

KSL:TV Look to channel 5 for all your family's

viewing... sparkling, adventurous drama, happy channel 5

comedy, thrilling sports and all the other essentials CBS for the that keep your eye on 5 for the best in television. Mountain

West:WSmSSmii All the "FLAVOR

sill m is not in the soup

:;!3':;y::j:::;:;s?::.'::;:;;:::i::;"i;:;:;;;:s;si:iS:;:;:iSi:?;j.-h;':'::f/:.;N: s.:i:.:;d

(or the cheese or salad or dip, or whatever "'.S?.C'you serve with Saltine Crackers by Purity)

...:: -;-:.::

Ka?isiJ?ii:s*t3::i5|i-; i SSS

Xhe fresh saltine goodness and crackling by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

crispness of these famous crackers, add

New Synthetic their own perky touch to your enjoyment of synthetic Borazon, material a new isof about the boron nitride, same the hearty flavors in your favorite soup.

hardness as a diamond but will stand When the dish, or the simple snack, calls for a temperature of 3500 degrees Fahrenheit compared to the diacrackers, taste what a difference mond's 1600 degrees. Borazon is a s!i - Saltines by Purity makes.

special crystal form made under pressure of a million pounds per square inch and temperature of above 3000 degrees Fahrenheit. The

resistance to oxidation and temperature stability should make the new material of great industrial impor-,:

tance.

Pressure In a severe storm the sea has done such feats as the following: In 1877

ripped a solid mass of concrete of 2 600 tons from the breakwater at Wick, Scotland, and tumbled it into the harbor entrance; broke

open a door 195 feet above the water at Unst in the Shetland Islands; in 1902 great masses of water

were flung more than 200 feet above the sea at Tillamook Rock lighthouse, on the coast of Oregon; and eight

years before a 135pound rock was hurled through the roof of the lightkeeper's house well over 100 feet above sealevel.

Plastic Nails

Nails of plastic instead of iron are now being used in the lumber industry. The thermoplastic material

has excellent strength and stability A t yourfavorite grocer's and does not damage or dull saw in 1 and 2 pound cartons blades.

PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

FEBRUARY 1959 65 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for February 1959 Volume 62, Number 2

Church Features

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement The Editor's Page: Courtship and Marriage, President David O. McKay 78 Associations,Committee, DepartmentWard Teachers,of Education,Music

Your Question: Concerning the Status of Retarded Children, andChurchotherof agenciesJesus Christof theof

President Joseph Fielding Smith.. 80 Lalterdau Saints.

Mark E. Petersen, of the Council of the Twelve, Richard L. Evans 82

How Do You Teach Church History? William E. Berrett 94

The Church Moves On, 77; Melchizedek Priesthood: The Duties of the Priesthood in Temple

Work, Joseph Fielding Smith, 98; The Presiding Bishopric's Page, 100.

Special Features

Freewheeling at Fifteen (So That's What Boys Are Made OfVII) Art and Photo Credits:

W. Cleon Skousen 88 Cover, Saans Photography

Leadership Development: The Gift of Translation, Sterling W. Sill 91 JohnMeiselDavenport,of Monkmeyerart, 65,Press,78, 6895, 128

An Organization for Juvenile Conservation, Helena W. Larson 102 Ted Cannon, 78

102 89, Max Tharpe, The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans.. 108, 114

art, Kilbourn, 91, 93, 118 Dale 96, 97 Maryon Ed Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 65; These Times: Utah and the Ph.D. (Cone.), 98, Wiggins, Lorin 99

G. Homer Durham, 68; Letters and Reports, 70; Elder LeGrand Richards Honored, 72; Jeanne Lindorff, art, 99, 100

Sitters with Service, Ruth Kent, 74,

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock

Sunday Dinners All Ready Saturday 118

Bride's Corner 121 The Last Word 128

Stories, Poetry Aunt Jody, Nurse of the San Juan Frontier, Albert R. Lyman 87 THEContinuingCOVER:our series of

Bear Valley (First of two parts), Douglas H. Thayer 96 coversGeneral featuringAuthoritiesthe of the

Poetry 86, 104, 113, 114, 125, 126 Churchcolor photois thisof recentElder MarknaturalE.

Petersen of the Council of the

Twelve by Saans, Salt Lake City. Elder Petersen was

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah sustained(See also inpageApril82 ff.)1944.

L. Evans, Richard and Editors; Doyle David O. McKay

Editor; Editor; Jr., Research Production L- Zobell, Albert L.JohnCreen,G. Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethRalphJ. ReynoldsMoffitt,

and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nirley, Sidney B. Sferry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director;

Thayer Evans, Regional Advertising Representative.

Saints. All rights Christ of Associations of Latterday of the Inc., Jesus Church published Improvement Copyright 1959 Funds, by Mutual and by the Mutual

for single special issues. except copy, 25c year, in advance; reserved. in Subscription price, $3.00 a foreign subscriptions, a year, $2.50 advance;

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l'c

a word and must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

days'notice Thirty changes cannot be madeis requiredunless forthe changeold addressof address.as well asWhenthe neworderingone isa included.change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

66 the improvement era Book of Mormon

Milton R. Hunter

This volume on President Hunter's tour of Book of Mormon

Lands explores all evidences of Christ in Mexico and

statues, and other relics depicting a "White nOLOIH pictures,Central America, cites numerous observations of

Jearded God."Profusely illustrated.

New low price pit* $3.95 Missionary Bible NeW Pocket

This handy pocket Bible will match your Pocket Triple. Page sizes are

3y4x5y4. It comes complete with LDS

Ready Reference and Concordance, ideal for missionary use. Handsome, durable binding.

$8.50 Pocket Triple Combination $6.00

J0SEP1 CHRISTIANITY ORIGINAL AND SCROLLS 4. SEA THE DEAD WORLD3. SMITH AND JOSEPH mm Robinson Preston O. GOVERNMENT are centuries in discoveries religious exciting most the of into one insights New the Holy toured Robinson Dr. book scholarly but readable this very in offered L. AndrusHyrum Scrolls and Sea the Dead to relating lacts existing of study firsthand a made Land, viewpoint. from an LDS Considered conclusions. startling with some up came literacontribution to LDS importantAn

ture with an analysis of Joseph Smith's yetrffieltt concept of world government. This remarkable study establishes the fact that

the Prophet laid the foundation of the as of God in a political as wellKingdom Co. DeseretSBoohreligious sphere. 44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah., $1.75

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen: order ( ) check find ( ) money ( ) you will Enclosed5. OUTLINE HISTORY OF UTAH

books: encircled (numbered) for charge Please have an account.

AND THE MORMONS 3 4 5Gustive O. Larson Amount12enclosed $

Both a full and abbreviated account of Name history in Utah and history of the LDS Address

Church. Invaluable aid for gospel and City Zone State.

history students. Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax. |

$2.75

FEBRUARY 1959 67

to live These Times in the sun

some thoughts on personal purity

a 33i/3 rpm long play record

To live in the sun implies a way of life and our faith in what the future will hold. This record

beautifully presents many thoughts by Church leaders on the Latterday Saint principles Utah and the Ph.D

of personal purity.

(Conclusion) The record contains eight by Dr. G. Homer Durham excerpts from speeches originally

Vice President, University of Utah presented to the B.Y.U.

studentbody, compiled so that The National Science Foundation doctorates in the recent period youth may listen and come and the National Research Council studied. Second, third, and fourth

away uplifted. You should have of the USA have been studying the were Wisconsin (4,409), Harvard

this record in your home. production of doctorates since World (4,159), and Chicago (4,089). The

War II. Such people are a signifififth campus was the University of

cant national resource, and like the California at Berkeley, which turned

Participants include: men of ancient Israel, they are out 3,618 doctorates. The Los

Harold B. Lee, "known and numbered"in a national Angeles campus, UCLA, produced

Spencer W. Kimball, and roster of scientific and professional 1,069. Together these would total

EIRay L. Christiansen. personnel. Recently (in the late 4,687 for two campuses of the Unisummer of 1958), this group pubversity of California. The University

lished for the national government, of Utah produced a respectable 310 $4.95 postpaid from a large study entitled Doctorate ProPh.D.'s in that period, having conAudio-Visual Center duction in United States Universities ferred its first doctorates in June

Brigham Young University 19361956. Two facets of American 1948, therefore having only nine

Provo, Utah "capacity to produce"in this field years of conferrals in the twentyone were examined: (1) Where Ph.D. year period. Utah State University

degrees are now produced, namely, of Agriculture and Applied Science the great graduate schools; how (Logan campus), also beginning in

many they produce, and, in what the later 1940s, conferred 17, for a fields? (2) Where do the people total of 327 for all Utah institutionscome from, with bachelor's degrees, no other doctoral graduate schools exwho go on to earn doctorates? This isting in the state. Utah arrived late

is even more significant, perhaps. In in the Ph.D. producing field, after

other words, the second question World War II. Ph.D. degrees proasks: "Where does the nation's crop duced in the western states showed

of doctorates come from?"The first Utah in fifth place:

question asks: "Where, in what institutions, are they finally produced?"Doctorates conferred

In the twentyone-year period, Westernwithin Statesthe

American universities conferred 97,- State 19361956 409 doctorates. Thirty universities 1. California 9,151 ( 12 institutions

out of some 2,000 total, conferred 2. Colorado 1,255 institutions

institutions 3. Washington 1,194 total. the percent of 72,805—or 75

institutions Oregon 596 University, a with Columbia total 4.5. institutions 327 Utah

of 7,195, ranked first as the nation's 6. Wyoming 86 institution

single campus conferring the most (Continued on page 126)

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J

Bookcraft and Their Dealers Are Your

Headquarters for All Genealogical Supplies

n ] I—

Write for a free catalog with complete list of genealogical supplies. RECORD BINDERS

Deluxe -,. $5.00

*!''*- "Regular - $3.00 BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE Leatherette $1.00

xiXv:vX:x'X\v;v.vXv::o;v>;v;y.$

1186 SOUTH MAIN DA 8-0566 Paper 35c

FEBRUARY 1959 69 Tfotett dotkiitq, Letters fm, bfattktfs and INSTALL Reports

Now.,. have the beauty and protection Oakland, California Amended sentence: "There are over

of cedar lined closets easily and inexnine hundred members in Hong Kong and pensively. Brown's Supercedar closet Greek Latterday Saints or those of about twelve hundred persons who attend

regularly."effort Schools descent: to the is being Greek Sunday made An directly lining nails to open studding

for all correction the within the above is appreYour Greek or reach Church members piaster. old over Supercedar and wood ciated. Saints Christ of of Latterday Jesus who

available in sealpacked 4 and 8 foot are desirous of forming an organization to bundles. Plan now to enjoy the luxury promote the work of the Lord in our Sincerely yours,

of Supercedar midst. Will you please get in touch imLai Wah Quan

mediately with Elder James C. Nackos,

SEE YOUR LOCAL 6209 Hilton Street, Oakland 5, California.

LUMBER DEALER APOHq. Btry,326, New35th York,FA GroupN. Y.

Distributed by Dear Editors:

MORRISONMERRILL SIX YEARS at Itheam presenta membertimeof stationedthe armed inforcesSchwaeand

PERFECT ATTENDANCE bisch Gmuend, Germany. As far as I know

I am the only member of the Church on this post, so you understand just how much my Improvement Era means to me. It

keeps me very close to the Church and

Sight is Precious givesneed. meI'm thevery spiritualthankful guidancethat my homethat isI

Kaye P. sending it to me while I am in the service.

style that the you are now new in Era. of the the makeup One

I Light Costs Little Fowkes usingthingI likethat think could on improve you are the footnotes. When reading an article it does not break into your line of

thought to just look down to the bottom of

Kaye Pennelope Fowkes, now a student the column to see where the quotation is at Brigham Young University, recently from. The way it is now the reader has

completed six full years of perfect meetto stop reading and turn to the back page ing attendance in her home ward, Compton to find the footnotes. I would suggest that

First Ward, Long Beach (California) you leave the footnotes at the bottom of

Stake. She has her Honor Bee, Mia Joy, the column.

and Silver Gleaner awards. She was MlA May the Lord be with you in your work.

organist for one year and YWMIA sports director for another. She is studying Sincerely,

physical and occupational therapy. Jerry A. Davis PLAN

We received this letter too late to make the necessary changes: Rapid City, South Dakota LIGHT Dear Editors:

help I cannot but pass on to you the Los Angeles, California for publication your I received on comment Dear Manuscript Editor:

... I would like to amend some figures in the mail this evening. It is from one

in our article "Hong Kong bursts into of my education teachers at State UniverLIVING Blossom,"[Era January 1959 p. 38] besity. The comment follows:

cause the Hong Kong membership has now "Thank you for sending me the Era for raised from 500 to 940, and our Church January 1958. I have read it through Live Better has been established there for three years and found so many lovely things in it.

there. abides examples Did shown are by the Original sentence "There [p. 50]: Electrically instead of two. Surely one is not going very wrong if one

is that English beautiful notice the you over Kong in Hong five hundred members with FULL HOUSEPOWER andattendaboutthe Sundayseven Schoolshundred regularly."persons who usednoticedin thatall ofbecausethe articles?nowadaysI especiallyit seems

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAST service around the clock, across the country. The man from

Farmers is there when you need him.

FAIR SETTLEMENT of claims. No red tape or delays. Your Farmers

Agent can inspect damages, arrange for repairs, write the check.

friendly PEOPLE working to serve you. Never too busy to help.

And Farmers rates are lower... will save you many dollars. Call the

Agent from Farmers Insurance Group listed in your phone book.

Learn why Farmers is the best auto insurance buy in America today.

WHY FARMERS RATES ARE LOWER!

! Protection Exclusive Automatic Rates are Further Lower Reduced by an Added 10% FARMERS V Farmers your own. If, through no fault of

Drivers. to Accidentfree Discount INSURANCE your family of or any member you

GROUP ".: (Not available in Washington.) is injured in an accident with an

Farmers InsuresOnly Careful Drivers. uninsured or hitand-run driver,

i/ymbct of\fuperiorJerrice liability policy auto Farmers to covers automatically you up LIFE AUTO FIRE TRUCK AdditionalIf You Have25%a SecondDiscountCar andon theQualifySecondYouCar.May Get an your Financial State the limits of the

Farmers Has Automatic Policy Renewal, Electronic Processing. Responsibility Laws.

Farmers Auto Insurance

FEBRUARY 1959 71 as if people aren't too particular about with the anticipation of some very fine that part of news writing."reading. Not only are we quite pleased

I hope and pray that the time is near with just the reading of the news of the when I shall be able to introduce tills Church and the Saints, but we also find lovely retired friend to the gospel which in it a ready source of doctrine and prininspires such publications. ciples of the Lord's gospel upon which we

Next month will be the second annican build our lives.

versary of my baptism into the Church and I especially enjoy the "Your Question"

I find my greatest satisfaction in bringing and "The Editor's Page,"which each conan awareness of the gospel to my friends tain more in a few short sentences than and neighbors. We spent the past two and most books in their entirety.

a half years in western Montana and are You are not selling just a magazine, but again in our old neighborhood. offering comfort, understanding, and helps

Sincerely, which are "our way of life in the gospel"

Mildred N. Sanders and the words by which we must learn

to live.

Hamilton Air Force Base May the Lord bless you in your great

California work.

Dear Editors, The Improvement Era has been a boon Sincerely your brother, to our home, and we await each issue /s/ Lt. Richard L. Craft

America's Strength

America's strength rests in large part in its agriculture. It is vitally

important that the men who will be responsible for feeding the nation tomorrow be as strong as the men who are doing the job today.

Safeway takes pride in encouraging these farm leaders of the future in instance, Safepossible. For every way right: L. Elder to Elder Delbert Stapley, Richards, both of the: Council LeGrand cooperates with and 4-H way FFA in Leftof the A. Chief Dr. Arthur Executive; Twelve; Schuck, Scout Superintendent General Stock awards the Shows and Junior T. Bentley, Assistant General Smith. G. Carlos Joseph Superintendent and First

in girls participating the to prizes demonstration contests at the State

Fair.

Safeway last year took part in 25

Stock Idaho Junior Shows at: Falls, Elder Richards Honored Caldwell, Blackfoot, Rupert, Montpelier, Homedale, Gooding, Burley,

Twin Falls, Boise, Nampa and CamAt the annual meeting of scouters had the same responsibility but it

Vernal, bridge in Idaho; Spanish

City, Salt Lake of Region XII (Utah, Nevada, Ariwas multiplied many times, geoFork, Ferron, Cedar

City, Ogden, Murray, Richfield and zona, California, and Hawaii), Boy graphically and numerically. As

Duchesne in Utah; Ely and Elko in Scouts of America, held in November Presiding Bishop of his Church, for

Nevada; Rock Springs in Wyoming 1958 in Pasadena, California, the 14 years, he was President of the

in Oregon. and Priesthood to Aaronic Antelope was given program, award which animals of 181 were purSilver A Ontariototal

of the highly spiritual Richards is the most Elder LeGrand program prices substantially chased at premium above the market value to encourage Council of the Twelve. This award for 'Mormon'boys, ages 12 through

these fine young men and women. is presented to outstanding leaders 20. Literally thousands of boys were

181These lambs and beefs were purof youth on a regional basis. About inspired through his efforts...."chased for #37,024.90.

Safeway, as an active member of sixteen members of the Church have After the award was made, Dr. A.

your community, proves itself, received them. The citation to Elder A. Schuck, Chief Scout Executive, in

Richards was read by Elder Delbert addressing the more than five hun-

A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY L. Stapley, also of the Council of dred present, expressed his satisfacthe Twelve. He said in part: tion in seeing the award made to such

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER "... As a leader of youth and youth an outstanding and distinguished

activities and programs he is promichurchman as Elder Richards.

nent. In his own Church his three Elder Richards has served for

different assignments as ward bishop more than twenty years as a memmade him responsible for the entire ber of the executive board of the SAFEWAY youth program of the three wards. Salt Lake Council, and is one of the

Scouting was included. As stake Council's representatives on the napresident and mission president he tional council.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

U '.':

L-ftllPostum is the natural whole grain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slow- p-i.

roasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes Another fine product

so good... and it's so good for you! from General Foods. m

100% coffeefree

FEBRUARY 1959 73 Childcraft provides Sitters childhood fun With Service lifetime learning by Ruth Kent

A pleasant little income may be made from baby sitting. And the

sitter who is alert and interested enough to make herself familiar with the proper care of children and has some system for keeping them happy is the one who gets the best jobs.

In the first place it is a good idea for her to become familiar with the care and routine of babies as well as *** older children. There is much information printed on this matter.

When children are past the small baby stage, they need to be entertained. Even though they have

j- v,. many toys of their own, they often

become bored with them when a strange person is present. Mother

says, "Johnnie will play for hours with his little trucks."But when

Mother leaves, Johnnie either thinks tMUJUtr-i he can get away with something or 1 he is lonely for his mother, and loses interest in his trucks. He may ignore all his own toys, seeming to

have the feeling that the sitter is

Yours is the privilege of molding a the guidance volumes a reassuring there for his special entertainment.

life... yours the power to guide a help towards understanding probThe smart baby sitter takes along

destiny. And to help you fill your lems before they happen, for Childtoys with which to entertain the

represents the contributions is the craftmost important responsibility of child. She makes a kit of her owninternationallyfamous in child develchild developthan 150 experts more

ment plan—Childcraft. opment. from a small box, such as a shoe

box, or better still a paper shopping

Each of the 15 volumes of ChildChildcraft helps prepare youngbag with magazine cutouts pasted life. for for sterscraft Children help school to and has a plans purpose your kit This the outside. will immeit.for That's on pleasure go parents Their grow youngsters. your by it—by

child's diately interest arouse a and is the personality into importantis transformed most and why Childcraft character growth. Children learn an investment you can make towards take the edge off the sorrow of being

appreciation of music, art, science, your child's future. left behind by his mother.

things to grow make and do, poetry—

of duties understanding anup with to FREE! ChildcraftA fascinatingexplainsexamplethe wondersof how kitFormightthe containchild upsuchto twotoys years,as chainsthe

about the world us, "Childcrafttheir community. Parents, too, find of Universe."made from empty spools, a rattle Looks at Our Amazing

Yours for the asking as a special made of a baby food can with pebChildcraft service. bles inside of it and securely closed

at the top with adhesive tape, or an

Childcraft Dept. 3242, Box 3565, Chicago 54, Illinois empty powder can with a few pebPlease send me a free copy of your new bles in it. There is something about

booklet, "Childcraft Looks at Our Amaz- a powder can that seems to fascinate juii-r ing Universe."a child, perhaps because he has seen

II8BBBB8BHOD Name hishis motherbath time.using just such a can at

Inquire how you can earn a set of The kit can contain many other for family. For yourChildcraft full Zone.State.

Childcraft, write Dept.information,

ages children's are,,4242, Box 3565, Chicago 54, Illinois. My

321 Bloor Street, E, write: Childcraft, In Canada, Toronto 5,, OnL

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

. For the Missionary.

istinctive choice of toys a sitter can make herself. A

string fastened to an old kitchen programs to make the strainer makes a fascinating pull toy. farewell complete. The misCover the strainer with muslin and

draw a face on it with crayons, and sionary's photograph inyou have a pull doll or animal, depending on what face you draw. cluded in folded

Sleighbells tied to a spool chain program.

entrance the small baby; he will love

to ring them. A picture book, especially if made of muslin on which

are pasted cutouts from magazines, The West's Finest will entertain the child when he tires of active toys. It will be a pleasant Printers and Binders

change from his own books.

All of these toys are simple, but they are so different that they will Deseret fascinate the child for the length of time that the baby sitter is there.

For the older child up to seventhe kit can contain some drinking News straws cut into SA inch strips. Colored

ones are more inviting. Provide a

shoelace and let the child string the 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

straws on it like beads. EM 4-2581

A colored picture pasted on cardSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH board, then cut into a jigsaw puzzle, is also fun for the slightly older child. Be careful to make the pieces For business

large enough and not too intricate or pleasure, together. child tofor put the anything A for IN THE WEST * % 0*ee

tires thatchild of something soon the sun under is difficult for him. too

is It easy to a sewing card Bonanza flies you GO BY AIR make to the cardboard onto a pictureby tracing fun! GO BONANZA holes along punchingand serving the lines Now

of the picture at halfinch intervals. 22 resort cities in

Provide two colored shoelaces for California, Arizona, the children to lace into the holes. Nevada and Utah SALT LAKE CITY

Take advantage of the cutouts on

RENOcereal boxes. along with Take them PROVO f

*!!*;-. HAWTHORNE let scissors pair thea of blunt and

out.child help cut them Then put! '||5 TONOPJM let withthem together and him play

them.

Stitch together a few pieces of heavy paper. A ten by twelve inch

size is about right, but the size does LAS VEGAS not matter too much. Take paste

VALLEY APPLE scissors. child the Letand blunt

SPRINGS- 0* PALM LOS ANGELES picturescut old out an from magaINOIO

INTL.* zine, the then pages paste on them s ONTARIORIVERSIDE BIYTHE kit. in stitched theof the booklet

This will make an interesting scrapbook for the child. Also take in SAN DIEGO

your kit some crayons and let the child color in old magazines. SomeCOMING SOON

how your crayons will be so much F-27 Silver Darts..

more attractive to him than his own. America'sturboprop newestairplanes

And take (Continued on page 127)

FLY BONANZA AIR LINES FEBRUARY 1959 75 The Church The Intermountain West's Moves On

Largest and Finest Bridal Salon November 1958

West Sharon Stake formed from portions of Sharon (Utah)

Stake, with Elder Clyde M. Lunsford, formerly second

counselor in the Sharon Stake presidency, sustained as president. His counselors are Elders Hans Verlin Andersen and Karl

William Johnson. Membership of the stake is approximately 3200,

comprising the Lake View, Orem Fourteenth, Orem Fifteenth,

Provo Seventeenth, Provo Eighteenth, and Provo Twentyfirst wards. President Philo T. Edwards was retained as president of

Sharon Stake, as was his first counselor, Elder G. Milton Jameson.

VISIT OUR New second counselor is Elder Cecil H. Wagstaff. With a memNEW LOCATION bership of approximately 2900, the stake has Orem Eleventh, Orem

and Nineteenth, Sixteenth, Thirteenth, Orem Twelfth, Orem Orem South Main Street 38 dithe under were made changes wards. The Provo Twentieth Utah City Salt Lake of the Twelve Council of the Richards of rection Elder LeGrand

and Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

Weber Heights Stake was formed from portions of South Ogden

Stake with Elder Keith W. Wilcox sustained as president and EldersFLAVOR Lorenzo E. Peterson and John Reeves as his counselors. Wards

Fiftieth, Thirtyseventh, Thirtyfourth, Ogden Ogden OgdenFIT FOR are L. Elder Glen Fiftyfifth, Weber. Uintah, and South Ogden

Stake, with of the South as president Ogden was sustained Massey KING!YOUR as counselors. M. Peek and Kefford Elders Van Drimmelen John AWITH

Wards are Ogden Fourteenth, Ogden Twentyeighth, Ogden ThirtyLEE HOUSEHOLD eighth, Ogden Thirtyninth, and Ogden Fiftyeighth. President

ELECTRIC FLOUR MILL William J. Critchlow, Jr., recently called as an assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, and his counselors, Elders Ferrel E. Carter

Better Flavor and Richard J. Kingston were released as the presidency of the

Better Health South Ogden Stake. The changes were effected by Elder Marion

o Electric G. Romney of the Council of the Twelve and by Elder Critchlow.

Portable There are now 272 stakes in the Church. Economical

e Automatic When you stone grind your flour a few baking before hours taste December 1958 really you can the difference!

of 4 Choice mills, The appointment of Elder Marvin J. Ashton as Second Asprices for write

Save on this introsistant General Superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual flour offer. ductory with Improvement Association was announced by the First PresiSend coupon

Association's order or check of the money has been a member Ashton, Elder who dency.

lb. pkg. Flour for 5 R. Alvin Dyer who Elder succeeds years, several for general board ground day is stone

shipped. was recently sustained as an Assistant to the Council of the Twelve.

LEE ENGINEERING CO. The appointment of Miss Joe Ann Smith as assistant secretary

Milwaukee, 1, Wis. of the Primary Association was announced.

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, IE-2-59 The reappointment of Elder Newell R. Weight to membership

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wis. on the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was anthis organiza- 5-lb. pkg., released FLOUR, from he SMITH DEAF years ago was two About $1.50 nounced. PPd. Only

is of faculty of the a studies. his member tion to further He 5-lb. pkg., PPd. Only....$1.00 FLOUR, WISMINN.

Name Rrigham Young University.

Street

City... State.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Lovely Parleys Stake, the 273rd now functioning, the 22nd to be SCATTER of portions Salt in organized from organized 1958, Lake was RUGS stakes, Elder with City's Park Highland and West Monument for Trying.. Just Value $16 Up to stake as sustained president Elders and Jr., Walter J. Eldredge, If Not Rugs. Size Olson. Room

as counselors. sustained Farr Larson Sonntag R. Robert and John for Refund Return Pleased,

Wards are Parleys First, Second, Third, and Fourth, from Highland... Keep Scatter Rugs

Stake, and Monument Park Eighth (now changed to Parleys Fifth) from the Monument Park West Stake. Parleys Stake has a total Limited Time Of fer

membership of approximately 3,900; Highland Stake approximately Like Four

4,700. The organization was effected by Elders Spencer W. Kimball

and Delbert L. Stapley of the Council of the Twelve.

Elder Horace B. Richards, who has served as second counselor Customers,You, Too,

to President Franklin J. Murdock of Highland Stake, sustained to Can Have...

succeed him. President Richards'counselors are Elders Wesley N.

Peterson and Donovan H. Van Dam. Elder Alma G. Burton was rf Rich, New

released as first counselor in the stake presidency.

Elder Rex A. Skidmore sustained as second counselor in the

Farr Stake presidency, succeeding Park West Monument Elder John RUGSOlson Way Parleys Larson, President of the Stake presidency. C. Magic Frank now

Berg presides in Monument Park West Stake. His first counselor Letting Us Use Your

is Elder Ernest A. Nelson. OLD RUGS, CARPET, CLOTHING

OLSON picks up your materials at your door by Express or Freight! No expense to you! In

thickest, the one send you week we will President O. David McKay dedicated the buildings at the about

or luxurious Reversible Wallmost Broadloom Rugs of Hawaii. Church College little seen for so toWall ever money. you've Carpet

Save Up To Half—2 Rugs in One

Two television programs featured LDS choirs on nationwide YOURColors, CHOICEFlorals, Earlyof lovely,Americanup to dateand Tweeds,OrientalSolidpatmaterials. colors of Ovals in your Choir networks. Tabernacle was featured Salt Lake The

length. seamless, to 18 feet wide, any SIZE.up,. regardless in terns,ANY Broadcasting System program Columbia on the an afternoon if desired. Year. 85th Payments Easy Monthly Our

for or Postcard Coupon California evening Rush Choir of Southern was on an and the Mormon

Decorating Rug and Catalog—exciting, 49fullModelcolor FREE Broadcasting released the National through Company. program Rooms—plus COUPON. FREE RUG |—————1

I. Bentley, a of Elder Anthony appointment of; member The to Every Reader FREE!

Book, Free Rug Coupon. Jt New Rug & Decorating to University, the general the faculty Young of Brigham

board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was announced. YourName.

ORC Address,...

"Star of Bethlehem"was the title of the Christmas message Town.. State..

of of the the Air"delivered program Columon the "Church P t. B-53 CO.,De RUG OLSON Sill, Sterling Assistant Elder bia Broadcasting System by W. S 1 SAN FRANCISCO 41 CHICAGO NEW YORK

to the Council of the Twelve. I ILLINOIS NEW YORK CALIFORNIA

January 1959 BUSINESS Plans for the Church to establish a junior college in Salt

Lake County were announced by President David O. McKay. He said architectural planning for the new school would GIRLS

begin immediately, and it is hoped that the college may begin operation in 1961. It is planned to start with a large number of buildings b-Y

for of construction plans call Negotiapresent a "full campus."and

site tions are currently has ZOOM for a suitable under way. A survey

of that juniorcollege-level indicated the estimated number LDS....and

Salt students in the present 4,500 at County is Lake time; by 1975 r 1

it is expected to reach 10,900; and by the year 2,000 it may reach ZOOOOOOM through Your

18,900. day I Zoom has all "the The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder basic goodness of finest

Victor C. Hancock of Ogden, Utah, as president of the

Central American Mission, succeeding President Edgar L. whole hard wheat 1

Wagner. President Hancock, who is head of the modern language

department at Weber College, completed a mission in the Spanishcooks faster

American Mission in 1920. He has been active in missionary endeavors among the foreign language groups in the Weber County than QUICK.,

area. Mrs. Hancock will accompany him to the mission field. tastes Better

% than GOOD!

FEBRUARY 1959 Courtship and

In courtship and marriage we can modify and control to a very great extent our environment. How

important it is, then, that the companion of each be chosen wisely and prayerfully. The choosing of a

companion determines our future happiness or unhappiness. It is a part of wisdom, therefore, to associate only with those from whose company you

select a life's partner with whom you will be congenial.

If in such companionship you recognize negative characteristics in the person who attracts you, try to let your judgment rule your heart. Don't fool

yourselves by thinking that by marriage a person will overcome evil habits or negative traits of character. Let these be proved before marriage.

What are the positive characteristics for which we should seek? Among the dominant characteristics a

true lover should possess are: honesty, loyalty, chastity, and reverence. Never marry anyone who would

deceive you, who would tell you a lie. The real

guiding principle, however, is the divinest attribute of the soul—love.

Young men and women have just entered into that state of life when they are driven by heavenbestowed passions—I say Godgiven passions. There are young

persons, who, recognizing this fact, say: "Having them,

why cannot we gratify them?"And they receive

justification sometimes from modern psychologists.

But do not be misled. I repeat, you are at that period

of life in which your physical nature manifests itself, but you must also remember that God has given you, in that same period of life, powers of reasoning; he

has given you judgment, and these for a divine purpose. Let reason and judgment be your guide—your

balance.

The Editor's Page

by President David O. McKayMarriage

Did you ever stand by the side of a power engineIt is after the ceremony, and during the trials that throbbing, throbbing, throwing out its power and daily arise in the home that a word of thank you, pardisseminating heat? On those stationary engines, you don me, if you please, contributes to the perpetuation

will find balances. If it were not for them, the whole of that love which brought you to the altar.

building might be blown up. But as the heat intensiKeep in mind three great ideals that contribute to

fies, those balances are thrown farther out and out, happiness after the marriage ceremony.

so that the whole thing is under control. So you have First, loyalty. You have no right, young man, to

your reason, your judgment as balances to your pasyield to the attention of any young woman other than sion. Try not to lose these balances, or there may that sweet wife, and you, husband, have no right even

be an explosion that will wreck your life. to attract the attention of another man's wife. Her

To look upon marriage as a mere contract that may be duty is with her husband, building a home. Loyalty

entered into at pleasure in response to a romantic whim, to the great covenant made at that altar!

or for selfish purposes, and severed at the first difficulty Second, selfcontrol. Little things annoy, and you

or misunderstanding that may arise, is an evil meriting speak quickly, sharply, loudly, and wound the other's severe condemnation, especially in cases wherein chilheart. I know of no virtue that helps to contribute

dren are made to suffer because of separation. to the happiness and peace of a home more than the

The seeds of a happy married life are sown in great quality of selfcontrol in speech. Refrain from

youth. Happiness does not begin at the altar; it besaying the sharp word that comes to your mind at

gins during the period of youth and courtship. Selfonce if you are wounded or if you see something in

mastery during youth and the compliance with the the other that offends you. In a few minutes you will

singlestandard of morality is first, the source of virile be glad that you did not say the harsh word, that you manhood; second, the crown of beautiful womanhood; did not commit the impulsive act, and the result is

third, the foundation of a happy home; and fourth, love and peace in the home.

the contributing factor to the strength and perpetuity The third ideal is that little simple virtue of courtesyof the race! parents courteous to their children, and children courte-

I sincerely believe that too many couples come to ous to father and mother, and there is an element of the marriage altar looking upon the ceremony as the refinement in the home. Loyalty, selfcontrol, courtesy.

end of courtship. Fifteen years, thirty years, fifty years, and throughLet all the members of the Church look upon that out eternity—be just as courteous to each other as

ceremony as the beginning of an eternal courtship. you were when you courted. It makes a happy home.

Let us not forget that during the burdens of home I know of no other place where happiness abides life tender words of appreciation and courteous acts more surely than in the home. It is possible to make

are even more appreciated than during those sweet home a bit of heaven. Indeed, I picture heaven as

days and months of courtship. a continuation of the ideal home.

FEBRUARY 1959 79 President Joseph Fielding Smith

answers concerning YOUR QUESTION THE STATUS

Question: make some statement dealing with this subject, but

"As an employee in a training school I have stood whether so or not, we have the word of the Lord that beside one of the cribs and wondered, with pity and aids us in our conclusion.

compassion in my heart, what stand or explanation We have good reason to believe that all spirits the Authorities of the Church have in regard to these while in the preexistence were perfect in form, having retarded children. all their faculties and mental powers unimpaired. It

"I have been told that President Brigham Young is difficult to believe that in that existence spirits said they were valiant and loyal followers of God were deficient, for that was a perfect world notwithbefore they came here; that they did not have to standing each spirit had his or her free agency. The

make any progress while on this earth. All they had reason for these deformities in body and mind are

to do was come here and take a mortal body, and therefore physical. In other words they are conwhen they left here they would go straight to the fined to the mortal existence, and they are due to

celestial kingdom. physical injury or impairment which comes because

"Will you please tell me what is right?"of accident or sickness before birth. We have a case

in point in the healing of the man who was born blind.

Answer: The disciples came to the Savior and asked the ques-

I do not have before me any statement made by tion whether this man was suffering this blindness

President Brigham Young dealing with this problem. as a punishment because of some personal sin before

It is very likely that President Brigham Young did he was born or was it due to the sin of his parents.

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OF RETARDED CHILDREN

The answer of the Savior was that neither the parents For the power of redemption cometh on all them that nor this man had sinned to bring upon him the prehave no law; wherefore, he that is not condemned,

natal blindness. It, like all other cases of deficient or he that is under no condemnation, cannot repent;

powers, was due to a physical condition over which and unto such baptism availeth nothing."(Mormon

child or parents had no control. 8:22.)

The Lord has made it known by revelation that Again the Lord has stated:

children born with retarded minds shall receive bless- "And again, I say unto you, that whoso having ings just like little children who die in infancy. They knowledge, have I not commanded to repent?

are free from sin, because their minds are not capable "And he that hath no understanding, it remaineth of a correct understanding of right and wrong. Morin me to do according as it is written...."(D & C

mon, when writing to his son Moroni on the subject 29:4950.)

of baptism places deficient children in the same cateTherefore the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattergory with little children who are under the age of acday Saints considers all deficient children with recountability, they do not require baptism, for the tarded capacity to understand, just the same as little atonement of Jesus Christ takes care of them equally children under the age of accountability. They are

with little children who die before the age of accountredeemed without baptism and will go to the celestial ability, as follows: kingdom of God, there, we believe, to have their

"For behold that all little children are alive in faculties or other deficiencies restored according to

Christ, and also all they that are without the law. the Father's mercy and justice.

FEBRUARY 1959 81 iff Editors'note: Schooled in the tradition that a newspaperman should keep himself out of the news, the

subject of these paragraphs sincerely requested that we pass him by in the series of sketches that we have presented from time to time on the General Authorities of the Church. But we could not consent to pass over such

a subject.

MARK E. PETERSEN, hephysicaldoes. andAndmentaloneendurancebecomes asimpressedhe pours thewithvigorhis

earnestness of his soul into the mechanicalof the Council of the and process through which his free flowing thoughts

Twelve is a sincerely modcome out on paper. This is part of his training as

est man, humble of heart, a newspaperman, which has stood to his favor so successfully.

but of great courage and Brother Petersen's spoken expression is such that of it for the untold estimate not give need anycompetence and a capacity we a he finds of thousands tens heard have him—as who

for work which drives him, theme and develops it with repeated emphasis, piling as he in turn drives phrasewith an uponorder phraseof outlineandthatevidenceseems touponevolveevidence,extemif it had been writtenhimself ceaselessly it poraneously, and yet sounds as seems. impactout, andof whichconclusion.always Hiscomesis a todistinctive,an unforgettablerugged,

sincere, effective kind of eloquence that never stops It is something of a short of its mark, and that doesn't waste words.

sight to see him at his His travels are constant and wideranging: crossing

typewriter, striking the theof thecountry,large OregonreorganizingCity stakes,paper millattendingof whichmeetingshe is vicepresident; moving on a varied succession of askeys which he has learned

signments, speaking, encouraging, counseling widely to think through. His over the world.

typewriter touch is all his own, a selflearned For example, in 1955, not long after Brother Petersen newspaperman's kind of typing, quick and definite, and Sister Petersen had returned from an intensive with each letter leaving deep impressions on the tour through the South American missions, (leaving page, with a kind of deadline urgency. November 15, 1954 and covering some eight or ten

Often in informal meetings, where the discussion countries) Brother Petersen was soon thereafter ashas been conclusive—or inconclusive—Brother Petersigned by the First Presidency to go to Europe to visit

sen will turn his typewriter to him and say, "Let's put the countries and places where the Tabernacle Choir it down on paper—"and begin to pound with the was to make its tour and to check halls, personnel,

same kind of energy with which he talks or with contracts, accommodations, and innumerable other which he travels, or with which he does all else details that had to be confirmed before so large a

by Richard L. Evans

of the Council of the Twelve

FEBRUARY 1959 83 group could launch out on so momentous an undertakingall of which he did in some seven or eight countries in a few days'time.

In one week of somewhat recent remembrance, he was twice in California, once in Elder Petersen as a Idaho, and once in Washingmissionary, Halifax, ton, D.C., and still present it

Nova Scotia, 1920.

seemed at most of his regular meetings, and except for a little of the tired look, we hardly knew he had been away.

He is an earnest advocate, a choice friend, a fair "judge, a tireless worker, a sincere and gracious host, a compassionate comforter of the sorrowing, a champion of those who have earnestly repented of mistakes, a persistent pursuer of the facts, and contender for justice and for action as to the insincere sinner who persists in error, and doesn't repent.

What he does he does with impressive rapidity and rare good judgment, and it is characteristic of him to make decisions with swift insight. He has the

courage to plead against prevailing opinion, and the good sense to accept considered and final decisions.

All this has been typical of his lifehard work, fast work, intensive work, intelligent work, always under the pressure of the newspaperman's daily deadline.

Publicity and the passing fashions and honors and material acquisitions seem to be of little moment in his list of values—and it is so with his wife, Emma

Marr, as he fondly calls her. She is as frank and Brother and Sister Petersen enjoying a game of

courageous and forthright as he is—she with her table tennis.

Scottish ancestry that has given her a kind of honest Below, Peggy Petersen Stephens (left) and Marian, individualism that yields only to forthright facts but daughters of Brother and Sister Petersen.

is ever considerate of people.

Together, Mark and Emma are gracious, retiring, of five children, two daughters and three sons, Mark modest, thoughtful of others, but courageous and being the youngest son, with Christian Petersen, Jr.

outspoken when courage and forthright speech are and Claude B. Petersen, (now Secretary to the Council

called for. of the Twelve), his brothers; and Mrs. Frank H.

It was a blessed day in the lives of succeeding (Mona) Smith (Mark's twin) and Mrs. Cortland P.

generations of Petersens, and of many others also, (Phoebe) Starr his two sisters.

when missionaries of the Church of Jesus Christ Christian Petersen was a builder when Mark was of Latterday Saints found Elder Mark E. Petersen's born. That was November 7, 1900and the family

parents in Denmark—and found them responsive to home was then just across the street from what has

the gospel of Jesus Christ and the witness of its since become Welfare Square in Salt Lake City.

restoration. Different missionaries, at different times, Mark grew up with hard work and gives as his

found his father's people in one place, and his mother first employed position: newspaper carrier. He also

in another. assisted his father in building and still likes to work

Christian Petersen, Mark's father, came to Utah with his hands with wood and other materials that go with his parents. Christine Anderson, Mark's mother, into the making of substantial things—and still does

came to Utah as a girl of sixteen, alone—and Christian so when brief and irregular respites permit him to

and Christine providentially met, and were married in work around his home, to relieve the tensions of the Salt Lake Temple, later to become the parents travel, of teaching, of decisions and the problems of

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

people, which are infinite and exhausting. He loves ing decisions under pressure, and of weighing and

his home, and greatly enjoys an hour of pingpong for appraising personal interests and public policy, relaxation in the knotty pine recreation room which and of accurate writing. Because there is nothing

he built. He loves to build things around homemore perishable than news, the newspaperman cannot

storage cupboards—improvements of any kind. put off what he has to do today, and in addition to a

Mark might have become an engineer. His father "doit-yourself"philosophy, Mark also learned "the do

so intended, and his attendance at Salt Lake City it now"necessity, which has been an invaluable asset schools was followed by the beginnings of an engineerand has helped to make his personal and professional ing course at the University of Utah, which seemed accomplishment possible.

a logical choice for his father's building business—As Brother Petersen rose through the ranks at the

but circumstances indicated otherwise. Deseret News, he retained the respect of his associates,

There came a mission call to Canada where he of men, both older and younger. Always modest,

served from January 13, 1920 to July 7, 1922, under always waving aside praise and embarrassed by what the presidency of the late Judge Nephi Jensen, mishe considered undue honors, in all these responsision president, and worked in Nova Scotia. He and bilities and pressures he has kept personally close

his companions were the first missionaries to labor in to the newspaper employees, mindful of their probNova Scotia in about twenty years. lems, active in their interests—and especially pleased

Like most missionaries, Brother Petersen needed always to have them call him by his first name.

work when he returned from the Canadian Mission. It was under the guidance of the late Elder

The record indicates that he worked as a bookkeeper, Albert E. Bowen, that the Deseret News became assoand also as a checker of freight cars at Lynndyl, Utah, ciated with the Chandler family of the Los Angeles

and then found work at the Deseret News in Salt Lake Times in acquiring a highly valued interest in a paper

City in 1924, where he has served successively as news mill in Oregon, as insurance against threatened paper reporter, copy reader, news editor, managing editor, shortages at that time, and which has proved to be general manager, and president. He was made genan eminently successful operation, and in which entereral manager August 1, 1941 and president on Decemprise Brother Petersen succeeded Elder Albert E.

ber 2, 1952. Bowen as vice president. He is also vice president

In these years at the News, the cub reporter of the Newspaper Agency Corporation of Salt Lake who became president learned the power of makCity.

V: - -"*""1 Above: Elder Petersen (left) with

Elder Albert E. Bowen of the Council

of the Twelve, in 1948, when Brother

Petersen was general manager ol the

Deseret News and Brother Bowen was president of the Deseret News Publishing Company.

Left: The family of Christian Petersen,

taken about eleven years ago: ( Seated

Sister Christine Anderson Petersen and

Elder Petersen. (Back row) Christian, Ir.;

Phoebe P. Starr; Claude B.; Mona P. Smith,

and Mark E. Petersen.

FEBRUARY 1959 85 Brother Petersen has kept a balance of interest and convention staff. He has served as vice president of

has also been actively associated with civic organizathis organization since 1950, in its farreaching expantions, having served as a director of the Salt Lake sion of microfilming and other worldwide activities.

Chamber of Commerce, and of the Utah ManuHe has served as a member of the general board of facturers Association, of the Salt Lake Visiting Nurses'the Deseret Sunday School Union, and has also done

Association; vice president of the Kiwanis Club of effective work with members of the Aaronic PriestSalt Lake City (of which he is an honorary member); hood, in ward and stake work, and in other ways,

president of the Bonneville Knife & Fork Club, and some of them very personal ways—for there are boys

many other civic enterprises and interests. His friends who have risen to distinction and high service in

outside the Church have evidenced great affection Church and community who testify of Brother Peterfor and confidence in him, and by these and other sen's unusual influence for good in their lives.

groups he has been much in demand as a speaker His newspaper career proved to be providential in for meetings and conventions here and in many places many ways, one of which was that, as a reporter across the country. on the Church run, he had an unusual opportunity to

Mark Petersen's Church career goes back to the become acquainted with the General Authorities, inearly years of his youth and led him to some early and cluding President Grant and his associates and sucsignificant assignments. cessors in the First Presidency.

It was from the First Ward of Liberty Stake that At one time he presented a series of radio addresses he was called to the Canadian Mission in January for the Church, and has since from time to time been 1920. Having returned from his mission, and while a speaker on the CBS "Church of the Air."In addistill a very young man, Mark was called to serve on tion to almost innumerable editorials in the Church

the Liberty Stake high council under President Bryant Section of the Deseret News and elsewhere, he is the

S. Hinckley in April 1931—which was followed by a author of a book for young people entitled For Time

call to serve as second counselor to President J. Percy or Eternity. Many of the editorials printed in the

Goddard in the Liberty Stake presidency in 1936. Church section are contained in the book titled

After he moved to Highland Stake, he was called Your Faith and You. Pamphlets and tracts he has

to serve on that high council, 194143. When the written include, "Add to Your Faith Virtue,""ChasSugar House Stake was organized in 1943, he became tity,""Which Church Is Right?", "The Word of Wisfirst counselor to President Thomas B. Wheeler where dom,""Why Mormons Build Temples."

he served until he was called to fill a vacancy in the During World War II he edited, wrote, or selected

Council of the Twelve Apostles, in April 1944. the contents of the LDS Servicemen's edition of the

Concurrent with some of these other Church assignChurch News, which began in May 15, 1944 and ments, he was chosen a member of the board of continued until July 1948.

directors of the Genealogical Society of Utah when He is a member of the Melchizedek Priesthood comhe was thirtythree years old and traveled much mittee, of the Church missionary committee, of the throughout the Church as a member of the society's publicity and public in- (Continued on page 117)

NIGHT IN THE MOUNTAINS

by Eva Willes Wangsgaard

The hills took on the purple tones of night

Against a redgold sky the sunset left.

The canyon stream had woven all its light

As fiery warp across the silver weft.

Small leaves stirred softly, shuddered in the chill

Which crept down from the peaks; a coyote's howl

Disturbed the sleepy birds; then all grew still;

And color drained away on that long vowel.

But water clung to light, a silver line,

Then blacked in shadow till a star came through,

Climbed to the pinnacle of one tall pine,

And hung its tiny lamp there on the blue.

It shimmered over canyons high and steep,

Lowsheltered shadows, sighing pines, and sleep.

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Aunt Jody

Nurse of the San Juan Frontier

Part Two

by Albert R. Lyman

Who was this Joseand hated the thought phine Catherine ChatThe baby was a girl, and with respect of distressing them and terley Wood, Aunt Jody, to her dead father's wishes, she was of becoming estranged taking heroic part in given the name Josephine. She was also from them, but she knew

one of the most remote given her mother's name, Catherine,.. deep in her soul that the

and obscure little towns ancient gospel had been in the great wild west; restored, and she could

this Spartan woman, meek and humble and unlearned not give it up for the sake of any earthly relationship.

in the ways and wisdom of the world? Where did Later on, when she wrote to some of her relatives

she come from, and how did she happen to be here for names and dates of the family, preparatory to on the troubled borderline between the restless doing work for them in the temple, she was told that

Navajos and the outlaw Piutes, this wilderness alive her name had been stricken from the family record.

with fugitives from justice from all the surrounding Yet not for this, nor for any of the hardships which states and territories? That she was descended from her obedience to the gospel entailed upon her, did

noble ancestry, may be safely taken for granted. she ever falter in her decision or regret the step she

Her mother, Catherine Clark Corlett, was born had taken.

October 20, 1812, at Lazare on the Isle of Man. She When the Chatterleys decided to leave Manchester

was the fourth child in a family of eight, and when and move to Utah, they persuaded the Corletts to she had grown to womanhood in this place, she marfollow them, and Josephine Chatterley helped Mrs.

ried James Corlett and moved to Manchester, England. Corlett dispose of her property. The Chatterleys left

Five children were born to the Corletts, one of them England in 1849, arriving in Salt Lake City the foldying in infancy. James Corlett was successful in lowing year and were called at once by President

his business as a printer and acquired quite a fortune. Brigham Young to settle in the Dixie Country and

His business made him acquainted with Joseph Chathelp develop the iron mines of Iron County. Joseph

terley, a wheelright, merchant, and carpenter, of Chatterley began in 1852 to build a gristmill in whom he bought his printer's blocks. The Corletts Cedar City.

and Chatterleys became close friends, and when, in Catherine Corlett and her children overtook the 1844, Latterday Saint missionaries brought them the Chatterleys in St. Louis, Missouri, in 1850, where

message of the restored gospel, Catherine Corlett and Mr. Chatterley had been making wagons for people

her children joined the Church, so also did the family expecting to cross the plains. He is said to have made

of Chatterleys. James Corlett was favorable to the fourteen wagons there at that time. The Corletts

call, and apparently would have joined, but he became were not ready to come on with the Chatterleys at suddenly ill and died unexpectedly. that time, to the West, but had to wait six months

Catherine Corlett's parents, being bitterly opposed to get their property and affairs in shape for the to the Latterday Saints, tried their best to persuade journey. Unlike many of the people who were

their daughter to give up Mormonism, and to stay in gathering to Zion, Mrs. Corlett came with wealth, but

England, from which she was contemplating a move very much unlike wealthy peoxole in general, she was with other converts to Utah. She loved her parents concerned for those less ( Continued on page 122

FEBRUARY 1959 87

tBRi\ Seventh of the Series So That's What Boys Are Made Of

Freewheeling at fifteen

by W. Cleon Skousen

Chief of Police, Salt Lake City

(Behavior patterns and problems of age 15) to the waist so the neighbors can see he isn't "a scrawny little kid any more."If he is athletically

When the normal boy reaches fifteen, he has a inclined, he starts eating, drinking, and sleeping in tendency to go spinning out of control for an interlude terms of football, basketball, or baseball.

of dizzy, frenzied freewheeling. There were sympBut Junior is not his handsome self yet. His featoms of this thrust much earlier, but the forces of tures are strengthening but his face still looks too

adolescent rebellion now acquire a full head of steam. small for his developing torso. There is also some

Junior may ask himself, "What has come over me of his 14year-old awkwardness in his limbs and gait.

lately?"His parents may be wondering the same thing. His good looks may still be impaired by a continuing

Looking back over the past five years we find it problem with acne. Furthermore, he will probably

interesting to see what has been happening to Junior. still be having difficulty making his hair behave and

At 10 he reached his golden hour of happy contentends up telling the barber to "butch it."By this time

ment as a fully developed "boy."At 11 he suddenly the novelty of shaving will be gone, and often he

came out into the arena of life with a chip on his has to be reminded that his "peach fuzz is showing."

shoulder and his chin jutting out. At 12 he leveled As for. his disposition, this is the year he may disoff into a pleasant interlude of "live and let live."At play the mulelike manners of a Brahma bull. At this

13 he turned philosopher and submerged himself in stage of adolescent rebellion a boy tends to resist deep, sullen moods of wishful thinking—mostly for all forms of authority—particularly where parents have

independence and total selfsufficiency. At 14 he not taken the time to establish respect for authority

came out of his shell to enjoy life but found himself during his earlier years. Resistance to authority will

stumbling over his own feet and behaving with show up at home, at school, at church, on the playpathetic inadequacy. Now he is 15. He no longer ground, and in the neighborhood. The best cure for

feels pathetic, and he doesn't particularly care whether a boy's declaration of civil war is a father with the or not people think he's inadequate. His whole attiintestinal fortitude to "labor"with his son. This

tude and bearing seem to send out one single, sizzling labor includes a lot of "manto-man"talks, taking message: "Clear the decks, I'm coming through!"trips together, creating opportunities for rewards,

and sometimes taking away rewards. During this

Portrait of a 15Year-Old period a boy has to learn some valuable lessons.

By the time a boy completes his fifteenth year, he Fatherson relations are often strained and somewill have probably attained 95 percent of his full times broken during this stage because of a boy's growth. Junior likes his new physical status. He abuse of his mother. For a couple of years he may

often mows the lawn or works in the yard stripped have been "talking back"to her. Now he may be88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

come downright sassy. He may even resort to strong "Will you be sure and be back in time for supper?"

language, including profanity, if he thinks he can "Uhhuh."

get away with it. The father, of course, should see Junior straggles out the door giving the impression

that he does not get away with it, but at the same that he wanted to say more but thought it might time the father should not look upon his son as if provoke a quarrel and therefore condescended to he were an outsider who has deliberately insulted his restrain himself.

wife. The boy is very much of an insider who feels This is a year of moody, sometimes surly and irthe mother of the family is the symbol of restraint—ritable, personality development. Even the most

that is why he strikes out at her. In later years he normal boy will tend to be dreamy, apathetic, prewill recall his angry words and harsh behavior with occupied, and introverted. He is likely to speak in

bitter regret and probably tell his mother that he a soft, smothered tone and mumble in gutteral monoloved her all the time; but at this particular moment syllables. It is no wonder many mothers end up on

the love seldom shows. the brink of distraction. In fact, if a boy sees he is

It would have been helpful to the 15year-old boy if irritating his mother beyond her capacity for selfthe father had begun laboring with him long before. control, he counts it a victory. Somehow it makes him

As early as age 11 a boy begins weaning away from his feel big. It is easy to understand why the relation

mother and starts looking to his father for attention between a mother and a son is never more likely to and leadership. If the father is careful, he can debe weaker than at midadolescence.

velop love and discipline side by side. Fortunate At school, teachers often survey their classes of 15indeed is the boy who has a father who recognizes yearold tenth graders and woefully shake their heads

the need to develop this balance in his boy's life. as they talk about the "15year-old slump."Poor

In fact, this kind of father sometimes finds his boy grades may result from too many interests, an ungoing through the difficulties of age 15 at a rather settled pattern of living, too much TV, too much easy gallop and wonders why other fathers are having running around at nights. Since this is an age of

so much trouble. resistance to authority and discipline, the 15year-old

Perhaps the combination of "love and discipline"is may also be very resentful of school just for what the explanation for an interesting verse in the Bible. it represents. Students will describe teachers as

It says that eventually the earth will enjoy a thousand "hating"them, being sarcastic, giving unfair grades, years of peace called "the Millennium"and that during or otherwise giving them cause for much selfpity.

this period children will "grow up as calves in a stall."Most parents simply keep the pressure at a healthy

(See Mai. 4:2.) This may have been the prophetic level and ride out the storm.

way of describing children who receive a happy combination of love and discipline in their upbringing. Importance of Adult Attitudes

Some parents have already achieved peace in their In spite of his strange behavior, a 15year-old is homes by applying this formula. genuinely concerned about what people may think

of him. He is egohungry and tends to play what-

A Mother's View of her 15Year-OldBoy ever role his parents, teachers, and society pin on

There are many things about a 15year-oldboy that him. Thus, a delinquent adolescent may wear his

are sometimes difficult for a mother to understand. badge of delinquency with as much pride as the boy

Take, for example, her attempt to draw out the most who makes the high school honor fraternity. For this

casual kind of conversation: reason parental attitudes need to be as positive and

"Hello, Son."hopeful as circumstances will permit. The same thing

"Hi."is needed at school. The experts say it is best to

"Have a nice day at school?""talk up"a boy's good points even when he is being

"Yep."punished for some delinquency. If the newspapers

"Anything exciting happen?"or the student body start publicizing a boy's mistakes

"Nope."he will find it getting him a lot of special attention

"Get any homework you have to do tonight?"which he never had before and which may give him

"Uhhuh."a sense of overinflated importance. Of course if a

"Get any of it done at school?"young teenager has been given numerous opportuni-

"Nope."ties to straighten out and remains completely defiant,

"Where are you going now?"a good warm exposure to community indignation

Joes. through the press has (Continued on page 110)

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Leadership Development

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve The

A scholar was once asked which of all the translations of the Bible he liked the best. His reply was Gift

that he liked his mother's translation best. His mother

had translated the Bible into her own life. That is

one translation that really counts. The Bible seemed

far more important to the scholar as it manifested itself in the personality, faith, and actual daily performance of his mother. He saw her whom he most

revered in this life on her knees before the most Translation revered of heaven. He saw her live the Bible precepts. Its spirrt was her spirit. She was the visual

representative of the message and attitude of holy writ. And that message penetrated with great power

into his own heart.

One successful follower of the Master translates ideas from one language to another, but there are other followers of the Master who translate the words of the scriptures into deeds and the spirit of the gospel into their hearts. There are some great leaders who

.. an idea from a boiling kettle can take eternal truths and religious activities and

make them productive in other lives. One of our

greatest challenges is to be able to get Christianity out of the scriptures and into people, particularly ourselves. We must be able to translate the spirit

of the life of the Master into actual accomplishment, where it will be more available to others.

"The only Bible that some folks ever read is the

Bible of our lives."What more fruitful meaning could

be attached to the term translation than to think of it as transferring the greatest ideas from the printed page into our actual daily conduct? Or what greater

.. a spider spinning a web failure could attend us than to have a book, or a

mind, full of wonderful ideas and plans none of which ever manifested themselves in our daily affairs? It

has been claimed to our discredit that many Christians are only "Bible Christians,"which means that the

Christianity remains mostly in the Bible and only a small amount gets into us. Some tend to a mere

verbal Christianity, but the Christianity that is confined to the printed page, or to a mere vocal expression, does not have great practical value. In fact, it

is often actually sinful, as "the greatest blasphemy is not profanity but lip service."Of the vinedresser's

son who said, "I go,"but went not, Jesus said, "Verily a line of chorus girls

FEBRUARY 1959 91

The knowledge, faith, and determination of leaders can be translated

I say unto you, That the publicans and the harlots go is the gift of translating from one language to another.

into the kingdom of God before you."( Matt. 21:3031. But there is this other gift of translation, that of transOne of our greatest deficiencies is our inability to lating from language into feelings and from feelings

make a practical application of great ideas. There are into action and from action into accomplishment.

some people who can hear a great gospel message Great leaders more than anyone else should have this and not be deeply stirred. There are some who can ability. The knowledge, faith, and determination of

stand on holy ground and have no desire to take off leaders can be translated into eternal glory for those their shoes. There may even be some who could being led. The word of the Lord serves its highest

read the Bible from cover to cover and then go on purpose only when it is translated into actual activity about their usual affairs much as they did before, and godliness.

without appreciable change either in attitude, conBut most of the greatest men of the world in every duct, or devotion. There are some who can be outfield might in one way be called translators. James

standingly efficient in their own daily'work but who Watt translated an idea from a boiling teakettle into are unable to use those same abilities to do the work a powerful steam engine. A spider spinning his web

of the Lord effectively. gave a construction engineer the inspiration for one

But then there are some people who, like the of the first great suspension bridges. It is said that

scholar's mother, have developed the ability to take Brigham Young, while cracking the shell of the boiled ideas and translate them into attitudes, activities, and egg he was about to eat for his breakfast, got an idea godliness. They can take the abilities with which which he translated into the oval roof for the Salt

they do the work of the world so effectively and make Lake Tabernacle which did not require inside supthem even more effective in carrying forward the ports. Knute Rockne translated the rhythm and

work of the Lord. harmony of movement of a line of chorus girls into

The dictionary says that "to translate is to change the symmetry and power of his famous backfield the form.""It is to give meaning to thoughts"and called "The Four Horsemen."The same ideas that

"make feelings profitable in the lives of others."We brought people to the theater every night were used

speak of a "translated being"as one who is taken by Mr. Rockne to bring them to the football stadium

into heaven without tasting death. The definition of every Saturday afternoon. The greatest inventors,

a "translated idea"might be very closely related exwriters, thinkers, and readers are those who can adapt cept that most ideas die en route. They sometimes the best ideas from the greatest number of sources

never live through the process or ordeal of being and make them productive in their own work. One

translated into action. Yet it is this ability to get is up against an insurmountable obstacle who tries

ideas successfully through the early stages of their to build his success only upon his own original ideas.

metamorphosis to where they become faith and action This idea is illustrated by a conversation between the that has real value. To get ideas and feelings across late Thomas A. Edison and the governor of North

the border of usefulness and make them negotiable Carolina. The governor was complimenting Mr.

in other lives is real religion. But that skill is also Edison on being such a great inventor.

one of the allimportant characteristics of leadership. "But I am not a great inventor,"said Mr. Edison.

It is the main job of leadership to see to it that this The governor said, "But you have over a thousand ability to translate is fully developed and effectively patents to your credit, haven't you?"

used. "Yes, but about the only invention I can really

In several places in scripture the phrase, "the gift claim as absolutely original with me is the phonoof translation,"is used. The Lord said that Joseph graph,"was the inventor's reply.

Smith was to be called a translator. He said to Oliver "Just what do you mean?"asked the governor.

Cowdery, "And behold I grant unto you a gift, if "Well,"explained Mr. Edison, "I guess that I am

you desire of me, to translate, even as my servant just an awfully good sponge. I absorb ideas from

Joseph. (D & C 6:25.) The gift referred to, of course, every source I can, and then all I do is to put them

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA into eternal glory for those being led

to practical use. The ideas I use are mostly the ideas to a group of people familiar with the operation of

of people who don't develop them themselves."the farmer. Jesus pointed out that they should not

That is one of the qualities of a great inventor. But plant their seeds on the hard ground or allow the

it is also one of the qualities of a great leader. This thorns to choke out the tender plants once they

applies particularly to those who work in the Church. started to grow. This idea with which they were al-

A teacher would not be rated very high who was not ready familiar was then easily translated for their familiar with the methods and ideas of the most upuse in promoting their own spiritual interests. With

todate educators. We also want teachers to be great effect he taught from the experiences of the

familiar with the researches of the leading teachers'prodigal son and the good Samaritan and the foolish colleges. But a good teacher also needs to be able virgins. Jesus transformed even the most ordinary

to take everyday experiences and translate them into things into something uplifting and beautiful.

character, ambition, and righteousness, as did "the He is the best example of great leadership and we great Teacher."should follow his example in learning from those things

Jesus himself was the master translator. He had the nearest to us. The more capable the man, the more

greatest skill in using to the best purpose everything he learns from everything around him. But learning

that he saw around him. The parable was one of is of little value unless some practical application can

the most prominent teaching methods of Jesus. The be made of it. For those who can see beyond the

whole list of his parables might very properly come event itself there are "tongues in trees, books in under the heading of translation. He used the ideas running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everythat people understood to make clear the truths which thing."(Shakespeare.) If we lacked the mind and

he wanted them to understand better. heart of the translator, we might see only the stones

For example, the parable of the sower was given and miss the sermons. With the mind of a translator

the benefit of even ordinary experiences is multiplied in us. It connects us with other important links in the

chain of constructive thought.

Every wind helps the boat go toward its objective, if the sails are properly set. Paul said, "... all things

work together for good to them that love God."

(Romans 8:28.) Everything has something to teach

us, if we have our eyes open and set our sails to take advantage of it. Then every experience can be our

benefactor. Sickness is as important as health; death

is as much a part of the divine plan as birth; night is

as necessary as day; struggle is as much in our interest as ease. One set of facts teaches us what to avoid;

another set of facts teaches us what to do. An effective, welladjusted, stable personality takes all of the

incidents in its experiences and translates them into the attitudes, skills, habits, devotion, and other qualities of leadership and success.

It is possible for us to do in the field of leadership what the ancient alchemists failed to do in the field of metallurgy. For many years alchemists tried to

transmute the baser metals of iron and lead into the more valuable metals of silver and gold. In this

about the only invention I can really claim as absolutely original with me is the phonograph they were doomed to (Continued on page 124)

FEBRUARY 1959 93 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

kjAA/jh tt*C&, WiC {MtoAtfl7

History has a very important place in our lives as electricity in any of these homes, and there are great teachers and in that of our young people as students. distances to go to church and school. So in Moccasin

History is the written record of man's experience in I asked myself, "Why?"The answer is history. You

living with other men. Consequently, out of it come cannot understand Moccasin unless you know somesome lessons for all of us. History brings underthing of Joseph Smith, the Mormon Prophet, who,

standing of our times to us. In a sense, history conunder the inspiration of the Almighty, constructed

sists of the centuries speaking to the minutes. It is a plat of Zion, a pattern on which cities should be

hard to understand ourselves or our communities in built, and indicated to the people how they should which we live unless we know the history back of live together. Here was a people who believed what

both. Joseph said, that it was wrong for a man to take

Some years ago I was asked to give a Mother's Day his wife and family and live out on a ranch miles address in a little town in northern Arizona that you away from the nearest neighbor.

may never have heard about—a little town called "The purpose of life,"he explained, "is to develop

Moccasin. When I arrived there, I was amazed at personality"; and to do so people need to live close to

what I saw. There are fewer than a dozen homes in other people.

the town; and yet they are all built side by side with I rode from Salt Lake City to Provo last year on a

sidewalks, paved streets, water supply, electric lights; bus. As we turned off Fifth West and headed toward

and these less than a dozen homes are fifty miles from the main part of Provo, the bus driver said, "Now you the next residence. They have a schoolhouse and a good people are entering a peculiar city. I want you

chapel. to note how wide the streets are. They are put at

Historically the question comes, "How has this ceme right angles to each other. As we go on down through

about?"That same summer I had driven a car back Utah, you will notice more cities like this. The exEast. Through the region of Iowa, we went up one planation of what you see is a man by the name of

hill and down another endlessly; and off here would Brigham Young, who laid or caused to have laid out,

be a home, half a mile away another home, way over cities in this state after this pattern."He did not

here another home, or a little red schoolhouse of one know the part that Joseph Smith played in city room with no dwellings around it. There is no building.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA By William E. Berrett

Vice Administrator, Institutes of Religion and Seminaries

Grove at Palmyra, New York, has no significance if you do not know Church history.

I talked to a young man who told me that he had been in every state of the union and in all the principal cities of those states. I was interested and began

to ask him what he had seen. Had he seen this in

New York and this in New Orleans? Had he visited

this place at Omaha, Nebraska? He had never heard

of those places or of any events connected with them.

I pitied him because of his lack of historical knowledge which left his journeyings empty and meaningless.

I have heard the story of a man who visited another

It is almost impossible for tourists who come into individual down in Moab in southern Utah. In the

Mormon communities to understand what they see course of the visit, the guest said, "I don't know how unless someone who knows the history of our people you can stand to live down here in Moab in this dry, relates the background. barren country. You have no public library, no operas,

It is amazing how many little things we see about no gifted artists, nowhere to go and nothing to do."

us that have no meaning until we know the story. The answer, accompanied by a sweeping gesture

You can stand in certain,spots between here and which included a private library, was, "I don't live

Omaha, Nebraska, and see nothing but grass and a in Moab; I live in ancient Athens; I live along the

few rocks. There is no meaning to the place at all Nile; I live in the Louvre in Paris; I live in London;

unless you know Mormon history, then the place be- I live in Palestine."You know, there is an ability of

comes alive with people. The people become a peothe human mind that makes us gods in embryo and

ple with a purpose. The spot becomes a place where enables us to live where we want to live no matter

events happened, where faith was exercised. A spot where our feet may be planted. It enables us to know

so commonplace to the casual passerby, becomes those whom we would like to know, to walk with sacred to the student'of history. Even the Sacred great men and women (Continued on page 104)

FEBRUARY 1959 95 by Douglas H. Thayer

Part I

Lace Nelson crawled from under the ledge, put the required distances apart. As Lace walked toward

his field glasses to his eyes, and scanned the ridge on the first team to give them instructions, a series of the opposite side of Slide Canyon. Four hours before short flashes from across the canyon caught his attenat the head of his patrol he had crossed the wooden tion. Someone was ready to send.

bridge from the other side and climbed to the ledge "Well, it looks as if they are faster than we are,"to prepare for a signaling exercise—then the thunderhe shouted. "Start taking as soon as you get set up."

burst had struck. There was little warning. The big Almost automatically Lace began to interpret the

thunderheads had rolled up from behind the mounmirror flashes coming from the other side of the cantains and suddenly let go, giving the Scouts barely yon: "Bridge out. Stand by for instructions."

time to crawl under the ledges before the rain came That wasn't the message! What was the matter

sloshing down, accompanied by thunder and lightning with those guys? Lace unfolded the message sheet

that blazed away like a battleship shooting broadhe had received before leaving that morning; and

sides. Now that the storm was over, Lace scanned as he smoothed the sheet of paper, he glanced down

the other side of the canyon, wondering how long it the canyon toward the bridge. The bridge was gone!

would take the rest of the troop to climb from shelter Dropping the paper as if it had suddenly caught fire, and start sending code. It took him only a minute he hurriedly lifted his binoculars to get a better look.

to see that the troop was already gathered. The river was a torrent. A low whistle crossed his

"Hey, Dave,"Lace called as he dropped the field lips. "Dave,"he called, "get over here on the double.

glasses from his eyes and moved toward the other We're in trouble."

eight members of his patrol gathered around a small As Dave approached, Lace handed him a pad and fire. pencil and without further explanation began to re-

"Ya!"came the reply. late to him the words being flashed from the opposite

"Divide the patrol into teams of two men, one to side of the canyon? "Lace. Bridge out. Impossible

read, and one to record, and stick the teams about for you to cross back. Take trail to Donavan Ranch.

ten feet apart. They'll be ready to go on the other Pick you up there tomorrow night. Be careful, and

side in a minute. There'll be four senders, so have use your head. Lind."

each team pick one and stick with him.""Did you get it down?"

Dave divided the patrol and placed the teams at "Sure,"said Dave. (Continued on page 114)

i.

.#

Melchizedek Priesthood

The duties of the priesthood in temple work

by Joseph Fielding Smith President of the Council of the Twelve

Every married man stands at the head of his houseNow the duty of a man in his own family is to see hold, that is, his immediate family. Thus I, for inthat he and his wife are sealed at the altar. If married

stance, will stand at the head of my family group by out in the world before they joined the Church, or virtue of the sealing for time and eternity, and my if they have been in the Church and have been unchildren will belong to me. I will belong to my parable to go to the temple, it is that man's duty to go

ents in their family group. My father likewise with to the temple, have his wife sealed to him, and have

his brothers and sisters will belong to his father's their children sealed, so that the family group, that unit in that family group, and his father to his father unit to which he belongs, is made intact in order that before him—all linked together generation to generait will continue throughout all eternity. That is the

tion like a chain. So it will be of the righteous from first duty that a man owes to himself, to his wife, and

the days of Adam down—Adam standing at the head to his children. He receives this blessing by virtue of

as Michael, having authority and jurisdiction over his the priesthood.

posterity in this large family group who have kept Then it is his duty to seek his record as far back as the commandments of God. Now that is the order he can go and do the same thing for each unit. He

of the priesthood. should begin with his father and mother and their

Of course there will be chains that will be broken, children, and his grandfather and his children, greatlinks that will be missing, because we can't force grandfather and his children, and have the work done people into the kingdom. Those who are unworthy in like manner, linking each generation with the one

to he joined in this grouping of families will have to that goes before. That is the responsibility resting

stand aside, and those who are worthy will he brought upon every man who is at the head of a household together, and the chain will go on just the same. This in this Church. Now the Lord hasn't placed upon

is what was meant by Malachi in saying that Elijah any man in this Church the responsibility of doing should come to turn the heart of the children to their the temple work for his neighbor. If you want to

fathers lest the earth be smitten with a curse. help your neighbor, there is no objection. If he needs

Elijah held the keys of the sealing power. Some help and you can help him, he will appreciate it.

of us do not understand what this means. I know a But your responsibility is to do your own work for

great many people have an idea that Elijah had a your own line, going from father to son or from son mission peculiar to the dead, but this was not so. In to father, clear back as far as you are able to carry

his day there was no work done for the dead, but this record. When you do that, then you place yourhe held the fulness of the priesthood, the sealing self in line, through the fulness of the priesthood,

power, and by virtue of that sealing power, or the eventually to receive the fulness of the glory of God.

keys of the priesthood which he held, he restored to That is what temple work is for. Temple work is

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery the sealing power for the purpose of giving to every man and to every by virtue of which in this dispensation the work can woman the blessings of the higher ordinances of the be done for the dead just the same as it is done for gospel that are essential to salvation in the kingdom the living. of God. There isn't an ordinance performed in the

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

temple that does not pertain to this mortal life. When are high priests, seventies, or elders. We are trying

we go into the temple and act for somebody else, we to place this burden especially upon the high priests are treating that person as if we were that person of the Church. The seventies preach the gospel—

living here, doing for him just what he would have that is where they belong—the elders are ministers at

to do if he were in mortal life. Thus we bring to pass home, the high priests are ministers at home, and we

his salvation, and we learn through these keys the are also trying to train them to take upon themselves knowledge of God which is made manifest through this responsibility of teaching their fellow men in all these ordinances, these blessings, these signs, all that that pertains to exaltation and to help prepare them is given to us in the temple of the Lord. to go to the temple to do these labors in behalf of

We have these two great responsibilities—every man their dead. That is our responsibility, and it is a

holding the priesthood—first, to seek our own salvagreat responsibility.

tion; and, second, our duty to our fellow men. Now Vicarious work is the foundation of salvation. There

I take it that my first duty is, so far as 1 am individually is no salvation without vicarious work. If Christ had

concerned, to seek my own salvation. That is your not felt in his heart a love for us, if there had not been

individual duty first, and so with every member of that love of the Father to sacrifice his Son for us, and this Church. Our duty to our fellow men in the if the Son had not been willing, there would have

world is a responsibility resting especially on the been no salvation for us. We would be subject to

shoulders of the men holding the priesthood. Our Satan forever, as Lehi says in the Book of Mormon.

duty is to preach the gospel, to teach the nations of The Father, through his love for us, called upon the the earth, to go out and bring people into the Church. Savior who was willing, of course, to come into this

That duty is upon the Church. The Lord has arranged world to act vicariously for me and for you. He came

it so that certain men are called to certain offices in and offered himself as a sacrifice to save me and save the Church with that peculiar duty on their shoulders. you from a condition where we could not help ourThe Twelve, the seventies, are the missionaries of the selves.

Church, but every man in the Church has this reTemple work is a vicarious work. We may, without

sponsibility as a man holding the priesthood. any suffering so far as we are concerned, act as saviors

Now, of course, the Lord says that our greatest on Mount Zion by going into the temple and doing individual responsibility is to seek after our dead; but for our dead the things they cannot do for themselves.

as men holding the priesthood our responsibility is—But there are thousands of Latterday Saints who seem

so far as temple work is concerned—to teach, to into be uncertain about this. They are willing to go to

struct, to persuade, to prevail upon men and women meeting, willing to pay their tithing, and attend to who are not inclined to take advantage of their opporthe regular duties of the Church, but they do not tunities and receive these blessings for themselves, seem to feel or understand the importance of receiving to go into the temple where they can do this work. the blessings in the temple of the Lord which will

That is our responsibility as men holding the priestbring them into exaltation. It is a strange thing. Peohood. It does not make any difference whether we ple seem to be content just (Continued on page 111

FEBRUARY 1959 99 The Presiding

::.::>...:..,::.. -:::::.:::. <X-:;:-m::w:Xm-:v:-vi

Bishopric 's

Page

vwsxm-mvmtt "';:-;;-:m:;ff:::i

A Reminder ment of the public address had consulted the handATTENDANCE AT SUNDAY SCHOOL book, he would not have disqualified these young men.

REQUIRED IN AWARD PROGRAM In this particular instance, we were able to correct the misunderstanding because it came to our attention

Last month, we announced the addition of a new in time. But how many are disqualified without the

requirement to the Individual Aaronic Priesthood advantage of having the proper interpretation placed

Award program beginning January 1, 1959. on the requirements?

Because the requirement is so new, we remind all The Presiding Bishopric suggest a close review of stake and ward leaders of Aaronic Priesthood under the award requirements by all stake and ward leaders 21, that the award program now includes a minimum to avoid any misinterpretations or misunderstandings requirement of 75 percent attendance at Sunday during 1959.

School.

Leaders who have not read the original announcement will find it in The Improvement Era for JanuCHALLENGING RECORD ary 1959.

Robert T. Tyron, Fifteenth

Ward, East Mesa (Arizona) Aaronic Priesthood under 21 Stake has established a recCORRECT INTERPRETATION OF ord of attendance at meetings

REQUIREMENTS IN AWARD PROGRAM and other activities which is

IS IMPORTANT seldom experienced.

Award Achievements: SevThere are a total of ten requirements for the Indien Individual Aaronic Priestvidual Aaronic Priesthood Award. They are explained hood awards, each with a 100

in complete detail in the current handbook for leaders Robert T. Tyron percent seal for perfect atin the program. They are the basis for Aaronic tendance at priesthood and

Priesthood quorum lessons once each year. They are Sacrament meetings; Book of Remembrance achievelisted on the back of the application for awards. ment award; Duty to God Award.

Despite all these publications with detailed exDuring his Aaronic Priesthood years, Robert was planations, we still have scores of Aaronic Priesthood president of the deacons quorum, president of the bearers who do not qualify for the award because teachers quorum, secretary of the priests quorum, some leader at the ward level places the wrong interjunior genealogy teacher, Sunday School teacher, pretation on the requirements. For instance, several Sunday School chorister, Boy Scout senior patrol

priests in a given ward were refused credit for their leader, Explorer Scout senior crew leader, junior public addresses because they were given in Sunday genealogy president.

School. If the leader who misunderstood the requireHigh School Achievements: National Honor Society;

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Arizona Boys'State three years; varsity track; two Refrain from Mysteries

years a cappella chorus; Masque and Dagger draPrepared as a supplement to thematics club; science club; literature club president;

Ward Teachers Message for March 1959Boys'League Council; president and vice president of

the Student Council; charter member of Arizona Delving into the mysteries is like taking a quesJunior Academy of Science. He participated in two tionable detour from wellestablished routes for safe

allschool plays, Harvey and A Connecticut Yankee travel.

in King Arthurs Court, and two operettas, received When we travel, regardless of the method of transdramatics cup for best performance of the year for portation, we take every precaution in our power to

Harvey. He received Bausch and Lomb Award for insure our safety en route and our arrival on schedule.

outstanding science work in high school, American We meticulously choose welldefined, tested, and

Legion plaque for citizenship, two hundred dollar known routes. We know, well enough, the hazards

scholarship for school service, graduated 16th scholasof traveling on unimproved, unknown, and unmarked tically in a class of 369. trails.

College Achievements: Second in annual crossThere is another highway, and no less real—the

country intramural track meet; first in intramural mile; highway of life. The gospel of Jesus Christ marks

participated in Lambda Delta Sigma. this royal route clearly and unmistakably with

multiple signs and signals for our travel intelligence all along the way. There is the amber light for cauFORMER SENIOR MEMBER AND FAMILY tion, red for danger, and the welcome green light

RECEIVE SEALINGS IN ST. GEORGE TEMPLE for the allclear signal. The Lord has provided every

precaution for our safety, given us our mileposts, paved the royal highway by removing the hazards of our pilgrimage if we will but follow the prescribed course like an arrow in flight.

But, too often, we do not exercise the same painstaking care when traveling life's super highway as we exhibit when traveling the highways of mans creation. We are often more willing, even insistent,

on taking detours with thoughtless disregard for the hazards and consequences.

Dealing with the mysteries often seems to he one of the most inviting detours from the divinely outlined highway of life. We do not knowingly hazard

our physical safety in travel but how often we seem willing to jeopardize our spiritual progress by wasting our time and energies in trying to solve the mysteries about which the Lord himself prefers to

Luther Hardy of Milford 1st Ward, (Utah),'remain silent.

former member of the senior Aaronic Priesthood, and The plan of salvation, as we know it today, is his wife, in the fiftieth year of their marriage, recently sufficient for our exaltation in the celestial kingdom had nine of their ten children sealed to them in the if we will only follow its divine detail. Wisdom sugSt. George Temple. Below, left to right, Elden; Elder gests we scrupulously obey the gospel signs and

and Mrs. Hardy; Alden. Back row: Cleo H. Bauer; signals of safety on the royal highway of life and

Utahna H. Heap; Floyd; Lamar; James; Maxine H. avoid hazardous and alluring detours into the mysWilson; Mildred H. Eldridge. A son, David, recently teries which can end only in frustration and disapdeceased, was also sealed. pointment.

FEBRUARY 1959 101 An organization for JllVGTlllS

by Helena W. Larson

General SecretaryTreasurer, YWMIA

"The report you have just heard given is from an Mr. Wells C. Turnbladh, Executive Director of the

outstanding organization in the United States for United States National Probation and Parole Assojuvenile conservation."Thus spoke the president of ciation, urged that citizen leadership organize to get

the National Council of Women at the conclusion of the facts, establish priority of needs, give the facts an annual report given by the Young Women's Mutual to the people, mobilize public opinion, and organize

Improvement Association at a meeting of the council all sources that can help with the problem.

in New York. Along this same line was the comment Dr. William S. Langford, professor of psychiatry

of a Southern California mother of two teenagers who at Columbia University, stated, "Juvenile courts are said to another mother (neither were members of low man on budget and dignity. The future of our

the LDS Church); "Why don't you send your teencommunities is dependent on our ability to raise

agers to the Mormon Church?"healthy children, yet they are at the bottom of the

The second mother replied, "I am very well satisbudget.... The story is told of the child who was

fied with my own. Why should I send them to any unwanted at birth but was wanted at nineteen—by

other church?"twentyfour states."He emphasized that children

"Well, my children go to our church on Sunday, must be made to realize that bad behavior brings its of course, but during the week I have them attend the own rewards rather than just emphasizing that good

Mormon Church because they keep them so busy they behavior will bring its rewards.

don't have time to get into mischief, and, at the same Dean Margaret Kiely, representing education, made time, they develop their talents along a great many the strong statement, "Juvenile delinquency is the first different lines. The Mormons surely have something national problem. To cope with it we must have:

worth while."(1) better prepared teachers; (2) a change in attiFrom all over the world come inquiries to the tude toward teachers, especially the elementary; and

MIA offices asking for help in setting up a recrea- (3) better scientific research whose results will be tion program for young people whose parents or given to teachers for use.

leaders have also learned that the "Mormons have "Most important is our own philosophy—what we

something worth while."At present there are many do believe. Religion has a place but if we are not a

school systems and religious groups that are using godless nation, what affirmation is there that we are

MIA textbooks such as Sports, Camping, and Games, not? In what way do we show our children? The

Recreational Songs, and Teaching Techniques. It is first objective of the Soviet is to inculcate an atheistic

no wonder, therefore, that preceding the biennial philosophy and morals....

meeting of the National Council of Women, held ''It is regrettable that the word discipline has come

October 30 to November 1, 1958, in New York, the into disrepute. It should not be an unhappy thing,

YWMIA was asked to prepare suggestions for combut a happy fellowship of respected authority....

bating juvenile delinquency. This was to be presented The school's job is to prepare young people for better

at a fullday session on this important subject. homes. They need the human qualities such as getting

Thursday morning, October 30th, a panel of exalong with others—not just cooking and sewing."

perts discussed the present situation and the causes Justice Justine Wise Pober said, "In America we of juvenile delinquency. High lights from that panel practice crass materialism.... We must be committed

were briefly as follows: to translating our beliefs into services, and the dignity

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Conservation

of each human being must be termed a reality so important that it cannot be denied.... The kind of

community ideas and action that we need is the kind that will not talk of our children as our greatest asset and then treat them as if they were our greatest liability. Happy homes are what is needed most of

all in our communities."

In the afternoon a symposium further discussed methods of meeting the problem. At its conclusion, especially the socalled best sellers, go far beyond the

the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association lines laid down by the censors of any of the TV or was asked to give a report on its methods for preventmotion pictures. After reading some of them, and

ing juvenile delinquency. after seeing the temptations to which the young people

This report pointed out that in the YWMIA organare subjected, one wonders how they can be as fine ization over 75,000 girls from the ages of twelve to as they are. The answer to this lies in the gospel.

nineteen are at present enrolled in the various wards The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and stakes. Out of this number less than one hundred meets the needs of any generation. It meets today's

have been reported as juvenile delinquents during the needs in these adolescents if its program is put into past eight years. This percentage when compared practice and carried forward in the way that it should

to that of the nation is outstandingly low so as to be. This program for the young people is one demake the report of the organization worthy of consigned to give adequate release for emotions through

sideration and study. worthwhile activities along the lines in which these

The report asked: "What is it that keeps our LDS young people are particularly interested. They are

young people from becoming juvenile delinquents?"or should be kept so busy with spiritualized recreaThey have the same opportunities to meet with the tion that they do not have time or inclination for the

temptations of today as any other young people. other types of leisuretime enjoyments.

They can see the same movies and TV programs, read How is this done? Briefly, the plan for the young

the same inflammatory literature, etc. Surveys show girls of the Church in the YWMIA is this: Usually

that one cause of delinquency in adolescence is havthere is a group of from five to twenty girls who ing leisure time with nothing to do in it, and yet at meet weekly with a volunteer leader. In this case

the same time having a greater need at this age to these girls get very close to the leader as they talk express or relieve pentup emotions. This situation over various religious and characterbuilding subis made worse by such things as movies and TV horror jects, plan parties, and so on. The teacher gets to

shows. know each girl, her likes and dislikes, and her parWhile TV and motion pictures are supervised to a ticular needs. Once a year a survey is taken of all

certain extent in connection with standards of dress of the homes in the ward and a list made of all girls and morals, at the same time they excite the adolescent of MIA age. At this time, those visiting the homes

emotions so much that oftentimes a young person get a rather adequate picture of conditions within turns to immorality thinking it something that everyeach home. In addition, each girl is asked in which

one does. A great percentage of modern literature, particular activities she (Continued on page 112)

FEBRUARY 1959 103 How Do You Teach in which you and I live. Never has with no fire. He had no bed but

Church History? there been such payment of tithes just a few blankets on the cold floor,

and offerings or adherence to the little food, and much abuse from the principles of the gospel as in our guards. He heard constant reports

(Continued) even though they time, especially in the last halfof the ravages of his people by their lived centuries ago. Because of the dozen years. Statistics show a deenemies, until his soul cried out,

printed word, we are able to know parture from all previous precedents "Oh, God, where art thou? And

their thoughts. We are able to seek in a sudden acceleration of interest where is the pavilion that covereth

their advice. We are able to underon the part of Church members. thy hiding place?

stand their problems, until they Senator Paul Douglas of Illinois "How long shall thy hand be become as real to us as our own famispoke to Brigham Young University stayed, and thine eye, yea, thy pure lies are real. No, you do not need to student body a few years ago. He "eye, behold... the wrongs of thy

live in Moab, though that may be pointed to a great deal of graft in people?"(D & C 121:1-2.) Then

where you have built the house in political life that is discouraging to came the answer. The Lord said

which you dwell. You live in all people who are aware of it, but he to him, "Thou are not yet as Job."

of those environments which you said you could get a great deal of (Idem 10.) What a sentence!

have fashioned for your mind. But comfort if you go back another When we are faced with adversity

you cannot do so unless you love generation because it was many and we think the world is picking history, unless you are familiar with times worse then. Sometimes we on us, it would be good to emblazon

the written records of the human have to have that sort of comfort. that sentence across our minds,

race. Bad as the situation is, it may have "Thou art not yet as Job. Thy

It is quite apparent, then, that in been worse yesterday. friends do stand by thee, and thy

order even to live fully we need to Furthermore, as we read history, people have not deserted thee."

know something about the past, we become aware that great men (See idem 9, 10.)

especially about that past that inhave often arisen out of adversitv; That is an historical event in which

volves our own ancestors and that and our own trials become easier to the writer takes a great deal of involves the Church. History is bear as we recognize that they may comfort. Then the Lord says unto

both a warning and a comfort. One be the means of molding us into Joseph, "And if thou shouldest be

cannot read the Book of Mormon men. You may recall that the cast into the pit... if the very jaws

without being warned that no naProphet Joseph was thrown into of hell shall gape open the mouth tion has perpetuity unless that naprison in the fall of 1838. Pie was wide after thee,"and he enumerates

tion keeps the commandments of left in Liberty Jail, Missouri, for all the things that might happen to the Lord. It is a warning to any six months in the dead of winter him, "know thou... the Son of Man

nation and any people of how rapidhath descended below them all. Art

ly civilization can decay if certain thou greater than he?"(Ibid., 122:7-

basic principles of life become lost. 8.) After the Prophet Joseph had

It is a warning that one can lose a that experience, he never complained civilization in a single generation. about anything. There came to

One cannot read the history of DAY IN FEBRUARY him a new philosophy, that all the

Europe over the past quarter centrials and vicissitudes of life can be tury without getting from it a great by Marie Daerr useful. The Lord said to Joseph,

lesson that men who rise to power "... all these things shall give you

on false concepts rapidly sink to experience, and shall be for your oblivion, whether he be a Mussolini, This is a day when white birds fly good."(Idem 7.) Out of that inci-

a Hitler, or a Stalin. History gives Against the leaden vaults of sky dent came a philosophy that spread

solemn warning to people that in farther than Joseph Smith. It

the long run human beings find And let their feathers fall to earth. touched the hearts of people coming

happiness only if they observe cerThis is a day when leaves'green birth across the plains; it enabled them totain fundamental laws in their relasing "And should we die before our

tionship one to another and to their Seems only dreams... The blackjourney's through, happy day, all is

God. lace bough well."It is to be hoped that those

History is also a comfort. Sometwo lines are never cut out of that

times we see things about us that Is empty of all singing now. grand song, although people who do

look discouraging until we find out The path's a crooked pencil mark not know the story or who have that they were worse in our fathers'never read history have been intime or our grandfathers'time. It On paper snow... Wood drifts are clined to suggest that they be

must be a bit discouraging to some dark eliminated. Those lines reflect the

bishops to find that a great part of And tree roots make a cold, black history of a people, and they lead their people do not come out to knot... back to a jail in the state of Missouri

Church, but if they will examine the where a man complaining to God statistics when their grandfathers And yet, from one small icefree received a great lesson.

were bishops, they would be enspot, So, history is both a warning and fact, It provides a comfort. theycouraged. In would the means brook lifts its brave voice to find The

for history of the enlarging our this peolittle world.that never in Small sing—

ple has there been such fine attendis the world that is bounded by ance at our meetings as in the day And seals the certainty of spring! what one can see with the natural

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tip the bottle...

see the feiit that gives you sh.frait flavor!

..fresh fruit flavor you can see!

SEE the difference... TASTE the difference

in Squirt! Start today to enjoy the refreshing

new kind of soft drink made from fresh, naturally ripened fruit. Call for Squirt in handy

sixpacks wherever beverages are sold or served.

"never an afterthirst"

Squirt is available in a handy six bottle carton at your

neighborhood grocers. Always the freshest thing at any

party. CALL FOR SQUIRT WHEREVER BEVERAGES

ARE SOLD OR SERVED!

Wherever there's Squirt there's fun

FEBRUARY 1959 105 eye or can sense with any of the fraction of a moment, so that the past some years ago wrote a book on five senses. Pity the man whose becomes the present and the fuAmerican history. He had a point

world is so bounded. ture. Thus it shall enter into the of view. It was that Americans are

History enables man to bring the human consciousness that time is glorious, and all other peoples are past into the present and to project no more. cowards. In illustration of his work,

himself into the future, and it is In teaching history, there are two consider these lines from his account this ability that makes the present things that should concern us. One of the Battle of Bunker Hill: "Three

look glorious. The writer thinks he is our point of view, and the other times the cowardly British stormed

begins to understand the statement is the matter that we emphasize. up the hill in the face of a withering

in the scriptures that in the heavens Writers of history often have a point fire."It is true that there are some

time will be no more; all the past of view. Sometimes it is a good one people who recount LDS Church

becomes as if it were at present beand sometimes a bad one, but few history in about that same mood—all

fore the mind. Indeed all of the past people write without some point of the Mormons are saints and all their

can flash through the mind in the view. Mayor Thompson of Chicago persecutors are scoundrels. It is not

necessary that one needs to take that point of view in studying

Church history, but there is a point of view that we should take. It is

the point of view that in the story of this people God is a central figure.

This Church exists because God saw fit in his wisdom to restore authority to man, to bring again among men the new and everlasting covenant and to restore again an understanding of the principles of the gospel.

One cannot understand the history of this people unless he takes the point of view that God has spoken.

What men have done in moving out from the Eastern part of the United

States into the West and what they have accomplished in the West has been inspired of the Lord. Whenever you study any little settlement

of the West which was founded by the Mormons, you begin to wonder why they remained in the place where they went to settle. You may

say it was because Brigham Young carefully selected the site, chose proper artisans to accompany the colony, and put over it a good leader.

All of those are factors, but despite all of those elements, the great majority of the 385 Mormon settlements settled under the direction of

Brigham Young would have failed "When I was your age we didn't walk around on soft Bigelows had it not been for one supreme fact and touch the old man for dollar bills"inthatMormonit was God'shistory—theywill that theybelievedmake

a go of it in the community to which they were sent.

Dad's right, times have changed! But the fact is, youngsters do understanding their zeal Without

grow up in a homeier, more comfortable atmosphere when you to serve the Lord you cannot underhave cozy, soft Bigelow Carpets on the floor! Children love to stand the history of this people.

bring their friends home—and so will you—when you have ChurchIt is tohistory,be hopedour thatteachersin teachingkeep a

lovely Bigelows to welcome them. major objective in mind—to have

every student of Church history come out of his study with an underPeople who know... buy standing that God has played a part Bigelow mas and carpets in the history of this people, that

his hand has been at the helm, and that we have succeeded because of his guidance.

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We can become so involved in important that a man so loved his when he said, "If my life is of no mere detail that we lose sight of the people and so loved certain princivalue to my friends, it is of no value important things in Church history. ples given to him of the Lord that to me."That is'the sentence that

Mere recital of facts is unimportant he was willing to forsake his journey ought to be emblazoned on the unless those facts are interpreted. to the West, where he could have hearts of youth.

To have students memorize long saved his life, and willingly gave One might find other exciting lists of names, dates, and places is himself up. It is important that we chapters in the exodus of the Saints

without any value unless one interhave young people come to a realizafrom Nauvoo, Illinois, out to these prets the events that occur. There tion that some things in life are valleys of the mountains. Buffalo

is no significance in relating the deworth dying for. Some things are hunts, searches for water, some quartails of the murder of Joseph Smith more important than life itself. rels, some whippings—all of these

and Hyrum in Carthage Jail as such. Probably the most memorable words things become meaningless and

There have been many people murconnected with the martyrdom of second place unless we can get over dered in this world. It does become the Prophet are those of Joseph to students the thought: to preserve

I OIV Z

.. your church deserves the finest

carpeting by Bigelow to welcome you

Your church has a homier, more comfortable atmosphere when you have cozy, soft Bigelow Carpets on the floor. Whether you

choose the tailored simplicity of solid colors or the cheerful warmth of tweed, these are truly carpets to add lasting beauty to any church. And, they are extradurable, snagproof, extra

soundabsorbing. See them in ZCMI Carpets, third floor.

For a luxurious but reasonably priced carpet... see Bigelow Gropoint, priced

$10.00 sq. yd., at ZCMI today.

PEOPLE WHO KNOW... BUY BigelowRUGS

FEBRUARY 1959 107 the knowledge of Jesus Christ and in Salt Lake City and the coming momentous was that struggle and to preserve the Church which he of the gulls, what are you concerned so important was the coming of the founded is more important than our with? This is not just an isosea gulls to eat the crickets. The

homes, our bank accounts, or any lated storv; this is a crisis that meant fate of an empire, as it were, hung

earthly things that we possess. That the turning point of history. Stop in the balance during that twoday

is the lesson of the exodus, and i a to think what would have happened battle.

student gets that it matters not if the sea gulls had not destroyed The fifth admonition would be to whether he can name the captains the crickets. It would have meant tie all that is past to the present.

of ten or the captains of fifty or the the failure of the colony! It might Bring the student who is out on an

captains of hundreds or whether they have been another half century beadventurous field trip back home reached the Elkhorn River on the fore these valleys of the mountains with his treasure. Surely in our

5th of April or the 6th of April or would have been really inhabited, so study of the history of the world the 7th of April.

We ought to teach history as great adventure. We ought to take our

young people into it as we take them on field trips. They ought to be

towith about out head Joseph to Old Age: the harvest of thesafety in the of assured the West

Lord that if they turn back they will die. They ought to make the deciyears of youth

sion with him to return to Carthage.

They need to die with him for a principle. They have the ability. Richard L. Evans

We see young people in motion picture houses with the tears streaming A subject so greatly significant as old age is not down their cheeks because they are soon exhausted—and we would add at this hour

living a story. They laugh or they THE some further thoughts on this theme: "We grow

first naturally,"physician, "the SPOKEN old said one and intocry as they get the of what mood WORD in prescripthe ingredient the most important and It read. is to thatthey be hoped

is graciously old happily for growing understandingand teachers that tionour them can move "L of the understanding of old... of the naturalness process growing history. in teaching Somemuch

times our historians have failed to In the older years of life we are freed from some of the decisions give a moving spirit to what they that earlier were with us, and are not so enslaved with some of write, and teachers will have to life's earlier urgencies—when we were rushing to get there, to pick

supply much of that. Let's have a profession, to make preparation, to choose a partner, to make a

these young people walk across the home, to rear a family, to assure success. But the driving restlessplains; let's have them get some ness eases up, as success, socalled, has either been achieved, or

blisters. Let's have them rememabandoned as not mattering very much. Every period of life has

ber their blistered feet rather than its problems, its advantages, its adjustments, its decisions, its unthe names of their companions. Incertainties, and, old or young, we have to keep flexible in the

cidentally, they will learn a lot of living of life: not flexible as to principles, as to things of eternal

those other things. They will probtruth, but flexible in our reactions to environment, to people and

ably remember more of them than places, to the going and coming of friends and family, to changing if you emphasize them. situations and circumstances. And we have to learn that life is

There are five rules the writer sometimes full—and hearts—and homes also; and sometimes rooms

would recommend in regard to are empty—and arms also—except for memories, except for service,

teaching Church history. First, you except for the rich inner resources of the soul. And part of the

must thrill with it yourself; live reason for pursuing this subject is to let youth know what old age

those stories until they are part of is: that it is the harvest of the years of youth—that every law obyou. Second, send your students served, every temperate habit acquired, every good memory made,

into their readings as to an advenevery truth discovered, every virtue developed, every commandture. That means that you must lay ment kept, every lesson learned, adds enrichment to the harvest

some groundwork, so that they will of the older years—and to the harvest of eternity, and softens the

be as eager to go on that trip as sense of insecurity, and tempers loss and loneliness. And with

they would be to go into the hills to friends—and flexibility—and faithfulness and faith, quietly we come

is a season, and a time to everyfind new streams or climb new mounto know that "To every thing there tains. Third, build your class dispurpose under the heaven:... a time to plant, and a time to pluck up

cussions around great ideas and their that which is planted;... A time to weep, and a time to laugh; a

effect upon people. Fourth, test time to mourn, and a time to dance;... A time to get, and a time

lose; to keep, a time a time and to cast away;... He hath madestudents not on understanding, on to 2 in beautiful thing his time."everymemorization of names, dates, and

places. It is important that they JCarl V. Weller, M.EC, Biological Aspects of the Aging Process.

know why things happen. When 2Ecclesiastes 3:1, 2, 4, 6, 11.

you tell the story of the crickets de- "The Spoken Word,"from; Temple Square presented over KSL and the

stroying the crops of the pioneers Columbia Broadcasting System, November 30, 1958. Copyright 1958.

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we, as Latterday Saints, should be able to do that. We even go so far

as to tie up to the present the whole history of man before the earth was made. We tie up all the dispensations in which God has given of his

knowledge and of his authority to man with the present. We tie up

the present with the future. fii**Wi

The history of our Church is a part of the whole pattern in which the Lord has played a part among men. He does have a place in history. He does have a place in our

history and what is occurring among us. He is leading to the completion

of the plan. The events of Mormon

history are not chance events. In

their larger implication they are events brought about by men working with God to the end that the purposes of the Lord can be completed upon the earth, so that the

Lord will come again. Our Saints

looked forward to that coming, and as they lived the events recorded, that thought was uppermost in their minds. As we study those events

and contemplate our own lives in the picture, we, too, should be looking forward to that part of history yet in the future but which we know will happen because the Lord has brought the future into our "So then U.S. Steel invested $770 million in us"

present.

A word should be said about An American baby is born every eight seconds11,000 every day—4,000,000

source materials in history. You as a year. Our population will soon be over 200 million. And as our population

teachers are familiar with most of grows, our production must grow. We'll need millions of new homes... new

... hospitals and to carry 75 new highways vehicles million motor bythem. rich heritage of schools We have a

. not 1970.. countless to mention appliances conveniences that haven't andsource materials. Fortunately our

leaders have been men who kept even been invented yet!

ournals meticulously. One can No temporary setback can stop the growing needs of our population. That's

lear their heartthrobs in their letters why United States Steel has gone ahead with expenditures totaling $770 and in their daily entries in their million to provide more and better steels for tomorrow's citizens. This is the

future. practical way that we've demonstrated our faith in thejournals, so can we know Mormon

is a registered trademark USShistory as other no people ever knew its own history. Be careful, however, of sources which have not been

authenticated, accounts which have (USS) United States Steel risen only in the minds of a few, or miraculous happenings which are not yet verified. The strength of our

history lies in its great movement, not in the reality of some story that 11 rr might be circulated about some particular event on some particular day. BURNED OUT

Here is an example: In one of the REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

journals an early writer of the

Church recorded that at the time A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, of the martyrdom after the Prophet with tremendous added expense before you find, had fallen from the window of the another.

second story he was placed with his Let us explain your need for ample insurance back against a well, and as a man to cover today's higher values.

went forward with a knife to cut off his head, lightning struck the knife from his hand. Who knows UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

FEBRUARY 1959 109

whether it happened or not? It is beware of using any miraculous achave known that God lives and that

not verified; let us say that. It is count that is not well verified. Mirathis is his Church through the way

one of many, many incidents spoken cles do not convert, anyway. The they lived and the sacrifices they

of here and there by some lone thing which converts is to have our were willing to make. This is a

chronicler who proves not even to be young people live these experiences, glorious opportunity to have young an eyewitness, an event unverified. so that they sense what men and people gain vicariously the experiWe do not need to use that kind of women have been willing to go ences which they could never gain

story, whether it is true or not. In through for principles. They sense by themselves, even in a long lifedoing our jobs as Church historians how strongly men and women time.

Freewheeling at Fifteen make several rules very clear to goes with ownership. He therefore

Junior: goes to one of two extremes. Either

(Continued) been known to help. 1. Under no circumstances is he he lets the brakes, lights, windshield

However, in the runof-themill sitto drive a car until he has qualified wipers, and other equipment get uations, the less publicity the better. for a learner's permit. dangerously out of repair or he goes

But not only is Junior likely to 2. He will be given formal drivto the other extreme and loads his

absorb his parents'and teachers'ing lessons from someone other than car with expensive extras, including estimate of himself—he is also likely a member of the family. (This is racecar carburetors, and then can't

to absorb their estimate of life; for to keep him from picking up Mom's resist the temptation to try them out.

example, a father who has his chiland Dad's bad driving habits.) Because we have had a full

dren watching out the back window 3. If he gets a driver's license, he generation of relative prosperity,

for a motorcycle officer can scarcely can use it only so long as he is able some fathers have made the mistake complain a few years later when his to drive a car without violating the of buying a car for a boy just to son is picked up for speeding and law. show off their own financial superiorwhines: "I was watching for cops Because of the independence ity. This makes it very difficult for

but don't know where this one came which a car gives a boy it sometimes other fathers whose sons feel they from."The father might recall sayinterferes with school, getting home are being discriminated against.

ing almost the same words because before curfew, and cultivating the Nevertheless, the wise father will the boy learned to cheat on the law right kind of associates. Therefore hold the line regardless of a neighfrom his father. some parents give their son a driver's bor's lack of wisdom.

Boys also frequently pick up their license contingent upon his willingSometime during the late teenage parents'attitudes of tolerance toness to exercise good judgment in period it may be justifiable to let a ward other things—immorality, drinkmatters of behavior and academic boy have a car of his own, but if

ing, smoking, gambling, or chiseling effort. this is done several factors may

on a business deal. And they are The next question which naturally prove beneficial if kept in mind.

also likely to reflect their negative arises in this motor age is: "Should First of all, a boy should not have

attitudes toward the Armed Services, Junior have a car of his own?"Unhis thrill of owning a car drowned

demanding a soft job, evading inless a boy is exceptionally mature by the overindulgence of a lovcome taxes, or belittling a neighbor. for his age the experts say, "No!"ing but unthinking father. The

A boy may also learn from his There are a number of good reasons preferred procedure is to start out mother how to use sly, deceitful 1. It tends to further weaken the with a safe, older model rather than

alibis to avoid distasteful situations. control which parents have over a smother the boy's sense of apprecia-

"Go to the door and tell the man boy during this particularly difficult tion by suddenly presenting him with

Mother's not at home."Or after an bronco age. It is one thing for a a fancy new soupedup foreign sports

overextended vacation trip a mother boy to have a license and occasioncar or some gadgetglamorous dowrites a note to school, "Junior has ally drive the family car, and it is mestic model. When the boy gets

been sick."quite a different matter when a boy out on his own with a wife and a

Indeed, parental attitudes are imcan go when he wants, where he few kiddies, he may find himself portant. wants, with whom he wants without completely spoiled with extravagant

What about a Car? havingtrol barriers.to hurdle any parental contotastesbe hepsychologicallycannot afford. Aconditionedboy needs

Many parents have their greatest 2. It often gives a boy a sense of for the battle of life, and many an

arguments with their 15year-olds smartalecky superiority which gets overindulgent father has lived to because of demands for a car. In him into trouble. He feels he can regret the flamboyant tastes he demany states, if Junior takes his do about anything he wants with liberately built into a weakling son.

driver training at school, he can "his"car, including rodding, bumperThis is also a good reason for receive his driving test and license kissing, road racing, and fenderhaving a boy pay at least half of the as early as age 15%. skimming. cost of a car before he is allowed to

Parents will probably save them- 3. A midteenager with his own own one. Usually when this is the

selves a lot of trouble if they will car seldom has the judgment that case, a boy will see the desirability

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

of riding the bus a few more years or is willing to go in for a cheaper, older model rather than wait until he can earn the $2500 necessary to pay for his half of that expensive sports car he has been dreaming about.

Having dealt primarily with the troubles and problems of the freewheeling 15year-old, let us now conclude with the reminder that inbetween problems there are a lot of pleasant, wonderful moments which reflect the shining possibilities of the man to be. Some of these

possibilities will start to become permanent realities as our boy moves up to a new development level during age 16.

Melchizedek Priesthood

(Continued) to slide along without taking advantage of the opportunities presented to them and without receiving these necessary covenants that will bring them back into the presence of God as sons and daughters. Now that is our duty as Illil.-,,;,M,,..*;

men holding the priesthood: To

teach them and make them understand the importance of this. We will go to them as missionGet Your Education

aries; will labor with them; we we - -will try to will them, try show we The Y's Wayto convince will them, to try we

persuade them to go to the temple With outstanding faculty and facilities and a philosophy for their own salvation and for the of balanced education, BYU is inspiring its unusually salvation of their dead; and when we motivated students to great careers in a scientific age.

have done that, we have done our BYU graduates are in demand over the nation because duty. So I want to say that to all of their superior training, not only in their academic

those who are engaged in the genefields but also in preparation for life. The Church unialogical work in the stakes of Zion, versity is able to train the WHOLE man, resulting in

that work of persuasion is assigned deep education of mind and soul together. Get your

to you. We want you as men holdeducation the Y's way. Plan NOW to attend the spring

ing the priesthood, and the sisters quarter.

laboring with you, to persuade, to teach, t to do everything in your Spring Quarter Instruction Begins March 23, 1959 power by persuasion and by teaching the members of the Church to For information write Public Relations Dept.

get them to the temple to do the thing that will bring them the fulnessof the glory of God. (The Utah BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Genealogical and Historical MagaPROVO - UTAH zine, Vol. 30, pp. 1-4.

Give HEART FUND Fight HEART DISEASE

FEBRUARY 1959 111 An Organization for Will Marry,""Love, Marriage, and

Juvenile Conservation You."In other words, the LDS

Church has already put in operation the very things that the experts on (Continued) is interested. In this juvenile delinquency have stated

way, when a girl becomes inactive or should be done.

only partially active, the activity Of all of the reports given by the leaders of the MIA (dance, drama, various organizations and civic music, speech, and sports) are asgroups, that of the YWMIA showed signed to invite the girl to particithat the LDS Church most nearly pate in one or more of the activities, met the needs as set forth in the in comfort indicated her greatest interest. In clusion of the report the chairman Wot#U# especially the one in which she has day's talks and reports. At the conwith individual seating each of the classes there is also an for the day's discussion said, "We

enlistment 'committee composed of had planned to have several religions by the girls themselves whose duty it present their suggestions, but after is to reach those not attending and this excellent report we have deand more More to interest in HEYWOOD- 1 trv this the class, all of the represent cided to let makthem 'WAKEFIELD places of worship feel ing the in presenting in the one of world group them and religions are featuring indithat they are needed. the religious help in the problem of

vidual comfort and Many socalled delinquents have juvenile delinquency!"

privacy with HeywoodWakefield started on that path merely to get Truly, the world is coming to know seating. Tastefully designed and attention and to prove that they are of the great worth of the gospel

manufactured to highest quality superior in at least one thing, which helps all of its members restandards, chairs are available with whether that thing be a legitimate gardless of age to be better people, a variety of hymnal racks and aisle activity or not. Usually girls, no to develop their talents, their perspecific to your ends adapted

abiliinterests their far afield sonalities, their rematter leadership and how illusfor folder quirements. Write

still basically interties are gone, in so that years have the to come trating models. many their in talents building in in turn, train ested others they, own may

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD personalities. that wants Everyone COMPANY and the they have been same way

Division Church Seot/ng joy to others give trained be able to do liked and to to be and may MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN things well. Therefore, when a path through their talents.

to achieve this is shown to the girls In the matter of juvenile delinthey are usually willing to take it. quency the approach is positive and

In the past year, the YWMIA reis well expressed by the poem writgirls who, while ten by Joseph Malines:

of Sacred Music activatednot delinquents,over 1,500were, because in habits the well guide well "Better and friends, young than delinquent.. old; reclaim for Ward Choirs changeon the road to becoming them when

ALL GLORY LAUD AND HONORDr. Langford at the National For the voice of true wisdom is

Schreiner 20 Council meeting decried the alarmcalling,

AWAKE, MY SOUL, AND WITH THE 22 ing lack of selfdiscipline and selfTo rescue the fallen is good, SUNSampson

BLESS THE LORD, O MY SOULdirection in young people. Judge But 'tis best to prevent other people

Ivanoff 16 GOSPEL IS TRULY THE POWER Nathanial Kaplan stated, "We must from falling.

OF GOD—Schreiner 25 prepare our youngsters for parentBetter close up the source of tempHERE IN THIS HOUSEBeethoven 22 hood or juvenile delinquency will tation and crime

HOUSE OF GODHumphreys 22 KING OF GLORYParks 25 increase. The tremendous breakThan deliver from dungeon and galLORD'S PRAYERGates 20 down of family life is a more serious ley.

LORD'S PRAYERRobertson 22 problem than communism. We must Better put a strong fence 'round the

NOW THANK WE ALL OUR GODBach 22 educate our young people to be good edge of the cliff

O SAVIOR OF THE WORLDGoss 20 parents. In high school we should Than an ambulance down in the

SEND OUT THY SPIRITSchuetky 22 teach obligations and responsibilities valley."

Music Sent on Approval of marriage—the importance of the

Use this advertisement as your order blank home. Although one out of four The YWMIA was very proud to

marriages ends in divorce now, play such an important part in the

MUSIC DAYNES 15 E. 1st South COMPANY many of the other three are not National Council of Women's meetSalt City Lake 11, Utah

Please the send music indicated above. truly marriages, and we cannot exings and feels sure that the day will

On Approval Charge pect normal, healthy young people come when more organizations

Money Enclosed to come from such home situations."worldwide, both religious and civic,

Name The YWMIA in its many courses will look to this Church for suggesAddress of study prepares the girls for the tions on all phases of life. Dr.

right choice of a mate, for marriage, of the Grace Spofford, chairman

City & State the responsibilities on the council, committee of mothmusic and for erhood. Courses of study include stated that the YWMIA always

, such intriguing titles as "Be the Girl brought "the greatest energy, pracaijnes ipIrlusic of Your Dreams,""Some Day You ticality, and spiritual force"to the

TFT

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVOW'- Salt Lake City 11, Utah

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My car loves it...

meetings. Throughout the world the

LDS young people are showing by their lives the worth of the program, heas are also their leaders who uninselfishly devote hours of their time Big Bonus and give unstintingly of their talents and means to help others.

Yes, the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints believes the placeto stop juvenile delinquency is be- M&f# fore it begins in the life of a young person and provided in its program is the means to do this. But a note

of caution! Juvenile delinquency is

increasing in the Church as well as out of it. Remember the gospel contains the answer to this serious probGASOLINE

if adults aconly willing to arelem love il. You'll the worryfree driving, smoother performance too—carry out successfully thecept and thrifty and mileage you get with UltraPower Gasolines,

of the created BIG hy the most BONUS research modernresponsibility It's the of the leading young result methods. get extra knockfree power the from highest octanes

if parents are willingpeople and only available life engine because of startup You—longer reduced wear

to cooperate in seeing that they and inYourUltraPowercar will performGasolinesat its best when you get the BIG BONUS their children attend their Church meetings and enjoy Church activigasolineUTOCO ULTRAPOWERthat keeps your carEthyl,at itsthepeak.modern,There'stopoctaneno finer gradegasolineof

ties together. The best program in madeUTOCO ULTRAPOWER Regular, with octane higher than

the world is valueless unless it comes economicalpremiums ofmileage.a few years ago, delivers knockfree power and

in contact with people.

SNOWY DAYS

by Ethclyn M. Kincher

Out of the cold, hushed silver of the night, The long white days now file across the land, icecladLike ghosts of summertime.

light, and.UTOCO. plusSupercomplete,Permalubecourteous—fines! all weatherUtocoMotorServiceOil.

. White Torch Rest Rooms

Batteries and AccessoriesOblivious of dreams and their comUTOCO * ATLAS Tires,

Oil Refining honored dealers Company, by 38,000 mand. Utahfrom guaranteed by coast to coast Your guarantee of value. top

They blanket with the white of For greatest motoring pleasure—give your car the care it deserves

chastity UTAH OIL REFINING CO. YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AWD YOU GET IT!

The place where summer danced, and pitiless, Destroy the passion and the pageantry

Of flaming hills in drab forgetfulness.

Then pulsing memory of vanished springs When life was love and joy, untouched by pain,

Lights up my days, my heart is given wings ACTIVE, INACTIVE AND OBSOLETE STERLING PATTERNS

To seek another Aprilcome-again. From our stock of over 500 patterns, many

No winter day will seem so long and unobtainable elsewhere. We specialize in taking your

cold old silver in exchange on a purchase of new, current flatware.

If hearts can reach to warmth they We are one of the world's largest dealers in inactive and knew of old. obsolete sterling patterns.

JULIUS GOODMAN AND SON Memphis Jewelers Since 1862 Dept. I, Memphis 7, Tennessee

FEBRUARY 1959 113 Bear Valley a "A soul in right health...

(Continued) "Looks like we're in for a long walk, doesn't it?"

Lace nodded, as he took the paper Richard L. Evans

from his assistant's hand. Finding

it correct, he handed it back and told Dave to repeat it to the other Last week we cited from Herbert Spencer this short side so they would know it had been sentence: "The preservation of health is a duty."1

received correctly. THE In other words, there is—on all of us—an obligation

Lace smiled as he reflected on his WORDSPOKEN to keep free from contaminating and injurious subscoutmaster's message. "Be carestances and habits and influences that would impair

ful, and use your head."Mr. Lind the full and healthful functioning of the wondrous physical faculties

was not only his scoutmaster but which the Lord God has given. And in addition to physical health,

also his wrestling coach at Center including physical morality, which Spencer also referred to, there

High, and he had said those same are health of spirit, and morality of mind—mental health, spiritual

words to Lace during spring trainhealth—which must surely also be considered, along with full

ing. Lace had developed a few physical functioning. Hence the question from Carlyle, "Does not

holds he wanted to try on someone health mean harmony?"2—and then he added: "A healthy body is

a little heavier than he was. Mr. good; but a soul in right health,—it is the thing beyond all others

Lind told him that he should never to be prayed for; the blessedest thing this earth receives of

wrestle out of his weight class but heaven.... A soul in right health."2 The fact is, there is a wholehad finally given in to Lace's perness in man. He is of the mind and of the spirit as well as of the

sistent arguments, and his last inflesh, and nothing that affects one side of him fails to affect all structions before Lace began to others. And health isn't a matter merely of muscle, or of good

wrestle were. "Be careful, and use digestion, or of strong back or biceps. Health is more than this;

your head."In the bout, Lace not less, if possible, but much more. And there is need for balance,

wrenched his back and was out for for a man's nurturing all sides of himself. And this wholeness of

the season. Lace suspected then health—if it is a wholeness—means happiness. "The groundwork

that Mr. Lind had lost some of his of all happiness,"said Leigh Hunt, "is health. Take care of this

confidence in him, and the message ground;... "3 Who could be said to have full health with brooding,

seemed to confirm his suspicion. with bad conduct, with bad conscience? There is no real health in

With these thoughts running in unhappiness. And in this life there is no commandment, if we read

his mind, Lace again scanned the rightly, that pertains to things merely material or merely spiritual, surging river with his binoculars. for mind and spirit and matter are so mutually affected, so closely

The bridge was completely gone. associated. And neither young nor old would ever wisely indulge

Even when the water was normal anything that would impair mental or spiritual or physical funcagain, the current would be too tioning, or be detrimental to health and happiness.

heavy to ford or use a raft on.

By this time the rest of the patrol "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the had gathered around and had read Columbia Broadcasting System, December 14, 1958. Copyright 1958.

the message. Lace faced his patrol, Herbert Spencer, Education.

forcing a smile. "We've got a long 3Leigh2ThomasHunt,Carlyle,RealitiesSir Walterof Imagination.Scott.

walk ahead of us, fellows. The trail

to the cars is shorter than the trail we've got, so the troop across the canyon will probably beat us to the ranch, even though they must drive thirty miles. The first thing we'd LINCOLN MEMORIAL

better do is food we've see how much by Jean Mergardgot. Pile your lunches the here on

grass."(Washington, D.C.)

Soon there was a sizable pile of sandwiches, oranges, apples, and From distant points and near, we come chocolate bars. "Well, it looks as if Beyond the circling city's rush

we'll have something to eat, anyTo climb tall, terraced steps. A hush

way,"Lace said as he examined the Of dignity prevails; and from

pile. "Rant, you and Zack put all The haloed head of him who sits

this stuff in your packs. We'll have In silence eloquent as snow,

to ration it, so let's keep it all toThere comes a surging, innate glow gether."Of deep assurance. He transmits

When the food was packed away, Its strength to us; his words, still ringLace spread his map on the grass, ing

and the patrol gathered around. Down through the years can set men free.

"You can see,"he began, "that we've And we, who scaled these heights to see got about twenty miles to cover to A statue, leave with hearts upwinging!

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the ranch. We'll camp at Marsh

Lake tonight, then make the rest of it tomorrow. Any questions?"

Almost immediately Pinky spoke up. "How are we going to camp

without tents or sleeping bags?"

Pinky was one of the tenderfoot

Scouts, and Lace had half expected the question. "I'll show you when

we get to the lake,"he said. With

that, the patrol shouldered their packs to move down the trail.

It was nearly two before the patrol started, so they were all sweating in the afternoon heat by three. However, as they dropped

down from timber line, they were among the pines, and the tempera- 1 Food Supplementture became cooler. By four Lace Take Don Lyman's 2 tO

could see that they would make the and look better, feel better, have more pep.

lake in plenty of time, so he slowed the pace. As the path led through a Young and old, all over the country are reporting that Don Lyman's 2 to 1 Minerals

large patch of berries, the Scouts and Vitamins are helping them to that wonderful feeling of buoyancy.

reached out to grab the ripe fruit.

with will. comparison stand that today Don products are market on the few There farther they the canThe went down

ingredients, the of the quality, balance to Supplement. The 2 Lyman's 1 Food thicker the berries theyon became,

all price outare the low, low sources, potency the organic high natural and anduntil patrol to the almost had come a halt as each member stopped to standing.

feed on the sweet blue fruit. Lace As you use 2 to 1 you will be taking an important step to help you build your

glanced at his watch. resistance, and lay the foundation for a good life through better nutrition. Everyone

"Okay,"he said, "let's keep movcan afford 2 to 1. This diet fortification is just a few cents a day. It may save you

ing or we'll never get to Marsh Lake. money on your health expenditures. See the October or November issues of the

We've got a lot of work to do when "Era"or write us.

we get there, so let's step on it."

The sun looked to be about a foot from the top of the western mountains when the patrol finally arrived at the lake. Although not acquainted with the area, Lace soon

found what he was looking for. On

the lake's southern tip was a series of ledges and low cliffs in which the wind and water had eroded shallow caves. "We'll camp over there by the ledges,"Lace said, pointing toward with SURE MEAL tip the of southern the lake.

lbs. successive in 9 Lose about 2 3 to 6 lbs. MEALS. Lose SURE

it "Wouldn't be warmer down in level. until at a satisfactory weight your have a you week the trees?"

Then use Sure Meal twice a day with one other regular meal.

"No. The stone will stay warm Then use Sure Meal once a day to help you keep your body

after the sun goes down, and later in good nutritional balance and control your caloric intake so you can hold your weight on we can build fires in front of right where you want it. See the November issue of the "Era"or write for a 20 meal

those shallow caves and heat them size with information.

so they will be warm tonight."

The patrol moved to the ledges. IT'S DELICIOUS AND EASY TO USE!

As soon as packs were dropped, Lace sent Dave and most of the patrol to gather firewood while he and

Rant went to look for fresh water. Please send Sure Meal

They found a small spring close to Don Lyman's 2 to 1 Minerals and Vitamins—Food Supplement

the ledges where they were camped, 6 Months Supply only $25.00 Q 2 Months Supply only $10.00 Q 40 Meal Size $9.00

and on the way back picked up 20 Meal Size $4.75

I am interested in a dealership. wood for the fire. Dave and his [3

wood detail struggled back one by one carrying armloads of dry wood. To NAME Don Lyman

ADDRESS 472 South 10th East

CITY STATE Salt Lake City, Utah

FEBRUARY 1959 115 Across the street to the west is the

Temple Grounds, to the south is As soon as everyone was back in camp, Lace emptied out the two the shopping district and to the packs containing the food and raeast are the Church Offices. tioned out a sandwich and a half,

outside the an orange or apple to each member front door.. of Zackthe patrol.Tremble looked at his portion

with a surprised eye. "Is this all we

is downtown ef,"It s all you get unless one of you

Salt Lake is a magician who can pull fried chicken out of a hat,"Lace replied as he handed Dave his ration.

"But this isn't enough for a growing boy like me. What do you want

to do, stunt my growth?"Zack continued.

And inside "Well, if you want to, you can take the string off these sandwiches that door... Comfortable, pleasant rooms Youand makecan trya hookfor troutout ofin something.the lake."

the finest servingTwo wonderfulexquisitediningfood rooms a fireLace'sundersuggestionthe wholeseemedpatrol. toTherelight

was a scramble for the string that hotel service Twohundred-car underground had tied several sandwich packages, garage and then the whole bunch of wouldto be found Assure yourself an enjoyable visit be fishermen started for the lake—

to Salt Lake City by staying in the everyone, that is, except Dave.

a "Aren't to try for going you fish half dinner?"questioned, Lace anywhere HOTEL U smiling.

Max Carpenter, Mgr. "Maybe later. There's something

I want to show you first."

"Show me? Did you find a treasure chest when you were looking

for wood?""I found something, but it wasn't a treasure chest,"came Dave's deadatf Sake Qjeljegram pan reply.

Lace could see that Dave was worried, and as he followed him away (Ojurel) fromwonderedthe campwhat couldinto thehavewoods,changedhe %ws his assistant's jovial disposition to one of such unusual soberness.

Walking along without a word, Weekly Report to You Dave entered the woods with Lace all but walking on his heels. Lace

of Church Activities Throughout the World was just about to tell Dave to cut the phony dramatics and tell him

Every LDS home should have this instructive reading on all what he had found, when they came phases of the Church. Every week it brings you official instructo a soft marshy place in a small

tion reports, the authorities, general welfare conference from clearing. a word, Without Dave

all of activities, editorial inspirational from messages and news knelt of the at the edge bog down world. auxiliaries the wards, the branches throughout The and

Presiding Bishopric's Page gives important reports for officers. and parted some tall grass with his

Bring the "Church News"and its influence into your home. hands.

Mail the coupon below now for information. Lace stooped down and what he

saw made his scalp prickle. A low

* whistle escaped his lips. Outlined

in the soft loam was the track of "Cljurcl) %ws'a bear—a big bear. Lace fitted both

143 South Main St. Salt Lake City 1, Utah of his hands together. They didn't

Please send me subscription information on the even cover the track.

"Church News."

Name (To be continued) Address City State 116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mark E. Petersen rare mind and spirit and depth of and doesn't like to prolong an interunderstanding. A convert to the view beyond a profitable period—

(Continued) formation committee, Church, she died only recently at but neither does he cut off inquiry of the Indian affairs committee, an the age of ninetyfour, having been before he feels he has the facts and adviser to the Mutual Improvement a welcome guest in the home of has given them fair consideration.

Associations and the Relief Society, Mark and Emma Marr Petersen for He works out in the open, across the and is one of the advisers to the many vears of their married life. table with an earnest and honorable

general music committee of the When Mark married Emma Marr esteem for his fellow men. He

Church. McDonald in the Salt Lake Temple, doesn't dodge issues. He is equal

Mark and Emma Marr, and their August 30, 1923, he found a wife of to difficult situations, in all kinds of family and friends, may well be great worth, who has been to Mark company, and moves into whatever grateful for their mutual interest in a companion, counselor, and conassignment or problem there is bemusic—for his ward activities infidante with rare good judgment and fore him, ably and incisively, and,

cluded directing the choir—and there common sense and discriminating having done so, then takes on the

he met and married the choir's acfrankness—the genuine kind of pernext task.

companist, Emma Marr McDonald, son who has encouraged him and His biography has not been writwho is still Mark's accompanist and supported him in all his work, and ten, not before—nor yet—in any adeone of the great blessings of his life. has been a choice mother to their quate way—partly because he shuns

Emma Marr is a talented pianist, and two daughters, Marian Petersen and publicity sincerely, and grudgingly plays the organ in Church and in Peggy Petersen Stephens, the mother gives facts concerning himself.

their home, and with Mark keeps an of their three grandchildren.

active and discriminating interest in These, the foregoing, are historical He has a gracious manner, a warm music. facts; but even more important than and sincere smile, a handsome, manEmma Marr McDonald was born these are his impressions on peoly bearing, a tremendous energy, and

in Sydney, Nova Scotia, but left ple personally—the people who work a deep loyalty and devotion to famthere as a child. (The threads of life with him, the people who seek his ily, to friends, to his associates in

make some interesting patterns: Had counsel, the people who know him service, to country, to the Church,

Emma stayed in Nova Scotia she well. No one ever need hesitate to to the gospel of Jesus Christ, and

might have met Mark there as a misapproach him on a personal probto the Lord and Master of mankind sionary—but that eventful meeting lem. Within the limits of the hours for whom he carries the weight of

came later in Salt Lake City.) Her of life, he is always available and being ordained a special witness, and

father was a sea captain. Emma's willing and working. to whom he offers all that he has

mother, Sarah McDiarmid, whose Mark takes time to talk to people. and all that he is, in a most earnest

people came from the Hebrides IsBut he is also aware of the limitaand effective service, and with an lands, was an unusual woman of tions of time, and of the uses of it, abiding, solid, and settled faith.

Elder Petersen as a member of the Liberty

Stake Presidency, January 1936 with

President J. Percy Goddard ( center ), and

Elder Fred M. Michelsen.

The Christian Petersen family (left) about 1948. Mark and his wife, Emma, are

third and second from right on the back row. Sarah M. McDonald, Emma's

mother, is second from right, center row.

Brother Petersen and his dog, Goldie.

Sunday Dinner

all ready Saturday

Are you one who has said more than once, "I don't hungry they just need to slice themselves some meat care, my family is all home together on Sunday and and put it on bread and eat. We as a family can

I'm going to continue to cook a great big dinner."all sit down together to a lovely nourishing wellWhat does that "I don't care,"mean? Does it mean balanced dinner. Often, even the table may be set

you don't care what our Heavenly Father has said on Saturday reminding every member of the family about keeping the Sabbath day holy, that you don't that Sunday is a different kind of day and to prepare care if you work hard all day in the preparation of for it. We can have a delicious family dinner with

the dinner? Does it mean that you don't care about a minimum of Sunday work.

missing your meetings, that you don't care what kind Try some of the following menus, and rest on the of example you set your children? Sabbath.

I know a woman who, each Sunday, would stand at her front kitchen window condemning her neighMENU #1 bors for gardening every Sunday in the summer and for going skiing every Sunday in the winter, never Grapefruit cocktail Dressed steak Gravy thinking what she was doing herself by baking pies Little potatoes in their jackets and cookies to add to a big Sunday dinner. Aren't Frozen peas

we funny at times? Why not try to keep this comFlamingo salad Whipped cream cake

mandment better by preparing the Sunday dinner on

Saturday leaving only a minimum to do on the SabThe cocktail, steak, salad, and cake can all be prebath? This can be done, but it takes planning ahead. pared Saturday. All that is left for Sunday is for the

I don't mean for you to do what one woman does. meat to be heated through, the gravy made, the vegeShe lights her oven Sunday morning and puts in an tables cooked, and the cake frosted with whipped

oven roast, and her boys know that when they are cream.

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock. Editor

Grapefruit Cocktail

1 cup canned grapefruit, drained 1 cup sugar V2 cup water 1 tablesp. lemon juice

ginger ale

Boil the sugar and water for 5 minutes to make a syrup. Cool.Whip the grapefruit with a beater, TunaChip Casserole

add the syrup and lemon juice.—a fascinating new dinner idea!Freeze. When ready to serve pour

ginger ale over each serving. Serves It's delightfully different! A refreshing flavor... with a

six. crispy texture all its own! A new casserole discovery from

the testing kitchens of Morning Milk.

Dressed Steak Why don't you—tonight—discover what a delightful dinner TUNACHIP CASSEROLE can be?1 pound of round steak cut about

1 in. thick

CASSEROLE TUNACHIP4 cups of sage dressing (Makes 6 servings)flour, salt, and pepper \

2 cups coarsely crushed Vi teaspoon Worcestershire Sauce

Place the dressing on the steak Clover Club Potato Chips 1 tablespoon finely minced onion cup undiluted cans) welldrained Morning Milk 2 cups (2 7-ounce % and fold the steak over to form an Vi tuna cup chunk lemon juice oblong. Sew it with white thread. Vi cup mayonnaise 2 chopped hardcooked eggs

Vi teaspoon salt Vi cup finely diced celery

Roll, in seasoned flour, brown all Pepper to taste 2 tablespoons pimiento around in fat add 2 cups of water and simmer for about IV2 hours or Place one cup of crushed Clover Club Potato Chips in the bottom until tender. Add water if needed. oflemona butteredjuice, mayonnaiseIV2 quart casserole.and seasonings.Blend togetherAdd onion,Morningtuna, Milk,eggs,

Place in refrigerator until about V2 celery and pimiento to mayonnaise mixture. Pour into casserole.

Top with remaining potato chips. Garnish with egg and pimiento

hour before serving and heat. Use strips. Bake in moderate oven (350 F.) 35 to 40 minutes. Serve

the liquid to make the gravy. at once.

Flamingo Salad

1 pkg. orange jello

1 cup boiling water 1 cup grated carrots 1 cup grated pineapple, drained

Vz cup pineapple juice

Dissolve the jello in the boiling water, add the pineapple juice, cool, Free parking for hotel and dining guests in our new 375car parking terrace. Add comfort and convenience

add the carrots and pineapple, and to your stay in Salt Lake City.

pour into individual molds to set. THE PLACE TO EAT - THE PLACE TO STAY

Unmold on lettuce. HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE COFFEE SHOP * DINING ROOMS BANQUET ROOMS

FEBRUARY 1959 119

MENU #2 with salt and pepper and pour over Place flaked halibut mixed with a little cooking oil. Cover tightly the white sauce in a buttered casOven fried chicken and place in a 300 oven, depending serole. Cover with 1 cup grated

Scalloped potatoes Spiced beets on size of roast it will take between cheese and a sprinkling of buttered

Boysenberry salad 2 to 3 hours to cook. bread crumbs. Set in refrigerator

Chocolate mint Peel potatoes; cover with salted and Sunday bake at 400 for about

boiling water; put lid on pan and 20 minutes.

The chicken may be prepared for place in oven with the meat for the its lastthe of roasting. oven hour Saturday Prepare and placed in find yourself you staying Dothe refrigerator the until squash in place and shallow hour one befrom home Sacrament to meetingfore is dinner to to for 1 pan bake be about hour served with Sunday. prepare for refreshments a studyPrepare the the potatoes scalloped meat. and the Prepare potatoes ready group? Consider these suggestions.for the sherbet oven for greens Saturday and the salad in and keep They can entirely prepared be Satrefrigerator the and blue and dressing cheese in place Saturthe oven to urday ready take shelf the from thewith day. chicken Sunday. the Cook refrigerator and Sunday eveningbeets Saturday, cool slice and and after church. inplace a dish in refrigerator with

a little spiced (cinnamon and clove) Blue Cheese Dressing lemon juice, heat before serving.

The boysenberry salad and the Vz cup mayonnaise chocolate mint may be prepared in Vz tablesp. finely chopped onions Frozen fruit salad (see January Era)

their entirety Saturday. pinch of garlic powder Date bread or cheese rolls

2 tablesp. chopped parsley Salted nuts

2 tablesp. vinegar

Boysenberry Salad Vz tablesp. lemon juice

salt and pepper II 1 pkg. black cherry jello Vz cup cultured sour cream

1 can boysenberries—drained 3 oz. blue cheese, crumbled Apple and celery salad

lVz cups boysenberry juice and water (see January Era) 1 cup finely chopped celery Combine all ingredients well and Sausage rolls Hot punch blend in blue cheese. Toss with

just greens Heat will before serving. the boysenberry juice You and III

it iswater. find delicious. your Add stir until It will make the jello and

it is dissolved. Add the boysendinner.

berries and celery. Put into indiTomato aspic with shrimp

vidual molds and set in refrigerator. (see January Era)

Serve on salad greens. MENU #4 Toasted English muffins

Mild hot chocolate or milk postum

Halibut casserole Chocolate Mint Baked potatoes with parsley

IV Sour cream Corn niblets Crumble one tall can of thin Grapefruit and avocado salad chocolate wafers and line two freezHot apple pie with cheese. Pecan waffles a la mode

ing trays with half the crumbs. Then a plain good waffle Make batter 1 pint ofwhip it is stiff. until cream halibut casserole The apple and sprinkle and with pecans before bakVz lb.Crush of chocolate candy mints pie be prepared Saturday. on may 'ing. waffles Cook Saturday; heator chocolate bars. mint Fold Also not grease and the wash why in toaster just before serving Suncrushed into mints the whipped all potatoes to in ready put the day. Serve topped with ice cream.cream. into Spoon trays top and oven before dinner. Sunday hour one

with the remaining crumbs. Freeze.

Will serve 1012 people. Sausage Rolls

Halibut Casserole MENU #3 (May be made Saturday and

IVz lbs. halibut (tie in a thin cloth baked and served cold Sunday, or

Pot roast and simmer in salted water about made Saturday, stored in refrigerMashed potatoes and gravy Wz hours; cool in water—remove and ator, and baked just before serving

Baked squash flake.) Sunday.

Frozen or canned string beans Make a pastry (not very rich) roll

Green salad with blue cheese dressing out to about V\ in. thickness, cut

Sherbet Make a medium white sauce with into 3 in. squares. Mix a good grade

bulk sausage 1 lb. with Vz cup flour.

1 qt. milk Form into small rolls about finger

Easy Pot Roast 1 sq. butter size. Place one on each square of

2 tablesp. chopped pimiento pastry, fold all sides to middle and

Place a pot roast in a roaster on 2 tablesp. chopped onion seal. Place on cookie sheet and bake

the bottom of the pan. Sprinkle Vz cup flour at 325 until nicely browned.

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prize -Winning cook makes tempting

Tuna Pizza from Yeast and Bisquick

"It's a delicious new idea for Lent,"says Mrs. Richard

Dawson of Layton, Utah. "And so easy! Just add

Fleischmann's Yeast to Bisquick and get real

Italian pizza crust. There's no rising, no fuss.

And when you top that thin, crispy crust with

StarKist Tuna, mushrooms and tomato sauce...

it's the best pizza this side of Naples.

"Just be sure to make your crust with Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast—

the kind we prizewinning cooks 9 recommend. It's so fast and easy...

and keeps for months on your shelf."Bride s

Tuna Pizza r y4 cup warm water 10 inches in diameter. Place on un-

I (not hot—105 to 115) greased baking sheets or in shallow pie

Active Dry Yeast Fleischmann's 1 pkg. pans. Press to make edge of circle Corner

Bisquick cups I 2'/? thick. slightly

Basic Secrets % cup chopped onion

I 2 cups tomato sauce To make filling: Mix onion, tomato

You are back from your honey- j 8-oz. can mushrooms, sliced and sauteed sauce, mushrooms, tuna, salt, pepper;

moon and in your own little kitchen, I in Blue Bonnet Margarine or butter spread on dough. Sprinkle grated cheese

StarKist Tuna, 6'/j-oz. can all. to with deSprinkle oregano over or a it just most modern a closetbe

flaked* drained and taste. to 425 (hot). sired oven Heat Bake the dream.touchbutton Why taste to salt pepper and

is until min., crust 75 to 20 and brown is to Breakfast supposedtears? be I cheese, oregano Cheddar grated cups 2V2

filling bubbly. Serve hot and immedesired there size used if can may be *9-ozsimple you a family and mealsuch

diately. are not prepared. No eggs, no fruit Dissolve yeast in warm water. Add bisjuice, and the milkman is late. What cuit mix; beat vigorously. Turn dough The yeast

is that priceless thing called foreonto surface well dusted with biscuit prizewinning thought? It's worth its weight in mix. Knead until smooth, about 20 cooks prefer

unruffled emotions. Of course, feed- \ times.each partDividepaperthindough intointoa4circle,parts.aboutRoll ahead, takes planning thating man

- / just in but on paper, V Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Incnot your head too.

Let's set up a few rules:

1st—Everv day's meals should contain the 4 basic essential foods.

1. Dairy Foods—milk, cheese, ice

cream, butter, etc. At least 2 or

3 glasses of milk or its equivalent a day. 2. Meat Group—meat, fish, poultry, eggs—with dry beans, peas, nuts

as alternates. Two or more servings

a day. 3. Vegetables and Fruits—include

dark green or yellow vegetables, citrus fruits, or tomatoes.

4. Breads and Cereals—enriched

or whole grain. Four or more servings a day.

2nd—Take a pencil and notebook

in hand and plan the week's menus.

Bemember to include the 4 basic foods and also keep in mind a good balance and variety of texture and color of foods. Creamed tuna,

mashed potatoes, and stewed celery makes an unpalatable, soft mass of food. Be an artist. We eat with

all our senses. Make each menu a

masterpiece of color, texture, and taste. No matter how well you plan,

emergencies will arise. We will INTRIGUING AROMA! When Big Boy's nostrils twitch with delight, ten to one

he's succumbed to the tantalizing aroma of Rancho Chicken Noodle, Vegetable,

Cream of Mushroom or our other fine Rancho Soups. Rancho Soups have a way

with men. Why not find out tonight? Enjoy his beaming smile!

FEBRUARY 1959 121.

spend one of these articles discussrecipes so you will realize all food 6th—Cook simple dishes at first so

ing pantry shelf meals. does not take the same amount of your success will be assured.

3rd—Make out the shopping list, time to cook. If your meals are to 7th—Serve each meal in the dainticheck prices, learn good brands, be appetizing and everything ready est, prettiest, happiest way possible.

know true values. at the same time, it will take a writUse your imagination in setting the

4th—Have a good standard cookten schedule, at least until you are table and arranging the food. We

book on hand. Better Homes and very sure of yourself and really exeat with our eyes as well as our taste.

Gardens is one of the best. Learn perienced. Serving meals on time 8th—A note to new husbands.—

to follow directions. Never think is a gift you can learn. Compliment your bride often on her

that if Vz cup of butter makes a good 5th—Go to your motherin-law for cooking. That is her pay, and she

cake 1 cup of butter will make an the recipes of some of your husband's will continue to work harder to merit extra good one—it won't. Study the favorite dishes. this praise.

Aunt Jody

(Continued) fortunate than herNEW self and paid the way for many others who were struggling to get to HAPPINESS for the whole family Utah.

She brought with her from England many of her household belongings, two servants, a gardener, a fine blooded mare which she liked to ride, and also a buggy and a team.

She sold the buggy and, among other equipment which she bought for the westward journey, she obtained four wagons to carry her possessions

Stauffer's "Magic Couch"(PostureRest), heart of The and her servants over the long

Stauffer Home Reducing Plan of effortless exercise and wilderness road to the mountains.

calorie reduction, provides controlled, rhythmic motion. Her travels on the plains belong

No vibrators! No electricity applied to the body! to a biography which should be

Unconditionally guaranteed in writing. written of her: Indian troubles and

perilous times, hairraising in their

Mr. Stauffer's "Magic Couch"naturecustomedto anyoneto peacefulwho had England.been acRiding in the covered wagon, jolting

FOR MOTHER-a trim, new figure FOR FATHER—relaxation from slowly over the winding road, did

without starvation diet or strennormal muscular nervous tennot agree with Catherine Corlett, uous exercise. sions. and she used to ride her blooded

FOR SISTERcontrol of baby fat, FOR BROTHERgood posture to mare in the glorious wideopenness good beginning for her figure. replace that adolescent slump. of the plains, sometimes venturing

far ahead of the company.

One night when the pet mare was

Get complete details today.. tied to the wagon in which they

were sleeping, a furious thunderburst "and all at over them, Write or Call... storm a tremendous once their gave wagon

Idaho Utah lunge. The children were very much

STAUFFER HOME PLAN STAUFFER HOME PLAN alarmed, but Grandmother told 111 North Higbee 520 East 4th South them that God could protect them

JA 2-1014 DA 8-0531 in the storm as well as in the sunIdaho Falls, Idaho Salt Lake City, Utah shine. In the morning they found

the mare dead by the wagon, having

I would like more information about the Stauffer Home Plan without obligation. been killed by the lightning. Grandmother felt that it was all for the

best and acknowledged the hand of

Name Phone. the Lord in it, as a way of saving her

from the danger she might have met

Address in her habit of riding on alone ahead of the company, and meeting hostile

City State Indians. Until a few years ago, we

had the sidesaddle Grandmother

AN OUTSTANDING CAREER OPPORTUNITY IS AVAILABLE FOR LDS WOMEN IN UTAH used in riding across the plains."

AND IDAHO... CONTACT YOUR STATE OFFICE

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Key to Success is TRAINING

During the rest of the journey

Catherine Corlett had to ride in the stuffy and tiresome wagon or walk wants to go to thealongside. "They reached Salt Lake BE A WINNEReveryone

in the spring of 1851,"still having top. In business, sports or wherever your interests

fiftysix head of livestock, and a lie, you know that training and skill are the keys goodly part of the wealth which she to success.

had when she left Manchester, in the old country. Let no one ONLY A LITTLE EXTRA TRAINING - a few weeks or

imagine, however, that a generous soul like Catherine Corlett would months at L.D.S. Business College will prepare you

retain her riches very long with for a successful business career. Don't be satisfied

poverty and want, on every side. to be "Just one of the crowd."For that extra trainIt seems that Joseph Chatterley ing that will make you a winner, enroll now at

met the Corletts in Salt Lake City and his son John took charge of their livestock. They left at once for

Parowan. "In that same year,

November 11, 1851, a company ofemigrants, the Corletts among them, Business CoCCegeleft Parowan and came down to LDS settle Cedar City."70 NORTH MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY PHONE EM 3-2765

In the following winter Joseph

Chatterley and his wife made the long trip by team to Salt Lake City, to report the progress of the iron mines which he had received a call II * *to develop for the Church, and they DeluxeHIAWAallinclusive tours and fightwere accompanied by Catherine accommodations... HEART DISEASE

Corlett who became a second wife 16 DAYS OF GLORIOUS to Joseph Chatterley on the 21st of FUN AND RELAXATIONFebruary, being 1852, the ceremony performed by President Brigham AT LOWEST COST YET OFFERED

Young. Jan. 30 - Feb. 27 -Departures:Apr. 24 - June 12 - June 26

Whatever the charm of the pros- $497 to $639 pect facing the second Mrs. Chatterfrom Salt Lake

ley, as she made the long, laborious 8 Day Deluxe Tours—$377

trip back through the wilderness fromLowerSaltRatesLake stretches to Southern Utah, those from San Francisco - Los Angeles charms were supplied by and ROBBINS in herwrapped uncompromising up ti Give truth.testimony of the It was for TOURS Jrntemaliona1

City, Salt 1514, Lake 9-0959 Utah - ELthat only, that life Box she her had left early Inquire for 1959 European Pageant and HEART FUNDof luxury, sacrificed social her and tours.

standing to travel a quarter of the way around the world to spend the rest of her days in privation and hardship. She gave to the poor;

she gave to the Church; she took mrnvvoe

stock in the iron mines because the k FOLDING If you plan to bind your trying toChurch was develop them for the of the country. good She BANQUET

to parthad with her gardener and TABLES ERAS servants.her two She parted with

anything and everything of which Direct Prices & she found her neighbors and friends DiscountsSchools, Churches.to a 4-cent stamp sent to

in need. Clubs, Lodges,

"The family endured the privaand all Institutions The Improvement Era tions of pioneer life, and though they had been used to wealth and com50 North Main Street in theirfort land, native they were Salt City 11, Lake Utah TRUCKS storingMONROE and to renevercontented wanted and easy, Forthe Each Chair*truck wayTables chairs. handles modernFoldingtablesturn. brought Grandmother some tion of citherTruck Construcstorage permits No TSCor Transport Storage

in limited space No, Truck TS will Ifurniture country. reserve the old for from you an

for Discounts sizes Write 54 Catalog showing and and have a mirror which she brought and types of MONROE Folding Tables, and Trucks. Also

popular line of Folding Chairs. Annual Index 1958

THE "THovWOe. COMPANY

/249 CHURCH STREET, COLFAX, IOWA \

FEBRUARY 1959 123 Order Today GRIND YOUR OWN gave to my mother. We also have years tend to minimize the imporreality for of silver the tance a tea pot worthy and dim machine and a FLOUR & CEREAL on, to us ruffles, have fluting passed but to she souls who used which with this sturdy have."who knew Aunt Jody we cherish

seen. never have equal into the herself initiated WHEAT MILL Having, by her generous gifts reverence for her father whom we More Than of her every on And of poverty brotherhood mother, whom we have 12,000 Sold

to Date side, she took her few remaining never seen, we think with kindness all admiration. the Besides table covers she had and linen sheets and ONLY other good service that she and Manchester, and drew brought from

$650 inout sewingthe warpon tobuttonsbe usedandas patchesthread Josephand theirChatterleyfellow beings,gave to theythe worldgave

POSTPAID and meeting other necessities where Aunt Jody, which of itself should

ANYWHERE IN thread was a minus quantity. Faithentitle them to a place of exaltation

AMERICA ful to the light of truth which had in the great world to come. Catherburst forth into the darkness of her ine Corlett Chatterley died on the

former world, she had stepped down 19th of November, 1856, and was

Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all deliberately and cheerfully in three buried in the Cedar City cemetery.

grains. Grinds or soft kinds of hard Vh years from wealth to want. Her

flour minute. or cereal per of pounds

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. parents had disowned her; lifelong

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS friends had turned away; but she

looked once never back nor faltered The Gift of Translation Mill. Enclosed is send Please one Wheat me fixed purpose. in her or order.) (check $6.50 money

Name In 1853, when it was known to (Continued) failure. But there is a

Corlett ChatCatherine and Joseph spiritual of kind alchemy where we Address to terley that she be a was again guaranteed an outstanding be may

City mother, he expressed two wishes of success. For if we desire it sincerely

State endearment for the new baby, first: enough and work vigorously with

if it were a boy, it should be called the right attitude, we can gain the for that him; second: it be ability to translate Joseph, our every experiHARDWARE PEHRSON given a treasured copy of the Book ence into some good. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SOUTH 11th EAST 2102

of Mormon, which he had bought In his story of The Great Stone in England, an early edition without Face, Nathaniel Hawthorne tells of chapters or paragraphs. On Septem- a young boy who daily looked up to

ber third, he was accidentally shot and admired the noble features and and killed, just seven days before kindly characteristics of a natural and HAT COAT RACKS the expected baby was born. stone image on the mountainside, for every Church need

A 4 ft. (S-4-CT) Checkerette proThe baby was a girl, and with and every day he became more and

ventilated vides hat shelves and respect to her dead father's wishes, more like the image which he adeither 24 coat hangers or 32 coat hooks. A double (D-4-CT) Checkershe was given the name, Josephine. mired, not only in personality traits

ette of equal length accommodates hangers 48 on or 64 on hooks. Both She was also given her mother's but in actual physical characteristics.

or can be setup anywhere in less assembled than a minutedisname, Catherine, and began her This young man had the power to tools, nuts, bolts or without can be strenuous career in the world as translate for his own good the worthwill folding like chairs, or stored stand rigid for years. The double Josephine Catherine Chatterley, the while personality factors and charCheckerette comes on large

for easy movement when castersit is one and only combination of Clark acter qualities which he identified

Checkerettes assembled. can be and Chatterley, an unsuspecting and admired in the image on the or vestfor robes assembled "high"

for adult ments, "normal"wraps or little beginner without a father, and mountainside. These he made

for children. Checkerette "low"

Wall Racks come in 2, 3 and 4 ft. soon also to be without a mother, and negotiable for others through his

lengths and 12 coats andwillhatsaccommodateper running upfoot.to destined to a most unusual career own life.

wall are on mounted They at to bless and save the lives of many Lincoln did the same thing. His for age each heights proper

leave group. and Bulletin her memory for CTWrite enshrined earliest years spent reading were

these and showing hearts. other in their grateful important most units. steel good books. wardrobe The modern

lost in events getting Before these subof was the Bible, which could VOGELPETERSON PeopleCOMPANY Rack Coat The this to a farewell time, thereafter as a always be identified Street. 9, Illinois sequent Chicago 37th 1127 West

glance should be given to the carpart of the character of Lincoln.

penterblacksmith-wheelwright, and One of the other sources of his man of general skill and efficiency, strength came from a book written

Chatterley, a true man, a about the life of George Washington. EvenPLAYIf You Don'tRIGHTKnow AWAY!i Joseph o Note of Music Now % M faithful friend, and uncompromising Lincoln adapted attributes from

ar learn to it'sVTow EASY Saint. of the records Latterdav as Ernest In Hawthorne's Washington, borir instrument. No

playingexercises. is his City, called a the Cedar death Stone face, did Great from and right Startnote by away.home,re at progress

for Write students! 1,000,000 lesson. cents pi loss teacher. to seriousAmazingpiecesin country. as Few the "His spare everything No can around do from we BOOK.time.FREE York.'Washington, New Port Studio A1202, MUSIC, S.. last first resting SCHOOLU the us. place marks year!) (list success/id (Our OFcall. will salesmanNo place that was upturned for burial The Bible records that the mantle

of the dead in Cedar City."Passing of Elijah fell upon Elisha. The

12 issues $2.50

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy its extra convenience!

mantle of Joseph Smith fell upon

Brigham Young. It is our responsibility to see to it that the mantle of

leadership falls upon us. The Lord

will give us the power of great leadership if we will only make ourselves available to the great lessons by which we are surrounded.

An important part of our qualification is to develop and use this gift and power of translation. With

every experience and every idea we ought to say: How will this help

me in the work of the Lord? How

can I use this to build up my faith and my attitude? How can I use You'll like the extra convenience of the Royal Twin Loaf.

the principles of successful teaching Its handy double loaf slice breaks into two wellshaped relations public busiand good and pieces... perfect at the table or at sandwich time. Alwaysness success souls? to save A worthwhile Church leader is responsible fresh, too, and enriched with vitamins and iron for extra

to see that every member under his nourishment. Try a loaf today!

charge qualifies for the celestial kingdom. That will challenge our gift SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN

of translation to its greatest productivity.

C&UGjC/ d fsqgQIEL LIBRARIAN li.iiiiniiiiMlliiihIHI*V||||IMIII II! Mjlltlltl*Milium IfIInrr IIIill -1111(1mini Imilium!/II I'M'I I THE CENTER H by Hazel Loomis llllllllii* *i illinium!!iiiill'IiHIIII illmi jjr

off wasShe endmy journey's the opening Announcing / quietOasis v. CONVENIENCE addition! green—my pool, of a new Covey

I sought her out again and yet again...individually controlled heating and air

She led me to the eye of truth—the conditioning... wallto-wall carpeting..

water's cool. semiprivate dressing areas... instant

Her staff, I knew, the iron rod had reception radius... TV rooms... i

been, tile baths, tub and shower combinations NORTH TEMPLE

Nor did she falter on the climb. Now 320 beautifully''appointed rooms.

—Barber shopHer fellow travelers were the humCarll s BeautsComingSalon soon

ble menElite and wise ones of her time. HOT SHOPPESNot contraband the goods she

sought—But frankincense and purest gold—"Food for the whole family. Ample parking

And myrrh, from off the mountainFIFTH at STREET 3-6781 Phone MAIN SOUTH EM

Street; also convenience: West Temote for Main easy two entrances top, Now

She garnered from their ancient fold; And brought them to the plain Where all might come and see and Whenever you movelearn. F1L

It took no soap box to proclaim her Send your old mailing label DEVELOPED & PRINTED zeal, together with your new adBut from the book she pointed to the page; dress to Exposure Send Coin Onlv

The banquet set—the meat—the—No C.O.D.'Y

mealTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA r PHOTOSGENEALOGYCopie

Was opened to my gaze! 50 North Main Street

Salt Lake City 11, Utah PHOTO

FEBRUARY 1959 125

Univerthe US. Brigham Young Baccalaureate Origin of DoctorinThese Times

1 nation, fortyninth in the sity ates, ranked 193656, by States (Continued) with 361. For Utah to place three

1. California 6,233 institutions in thirtyfourth, forty-

2. 1,593 Washington in fortyninth the fourth, places 7. and institutions Mexico 69 New 3. 1,260 Utah 8. institutions Arizona 59 institutions that, 95 top American 4. 1,161 Colorado

9. institution 2 Montana of of out 5. percent 1,100, produced 74 Oregon 99710. Idaho

6. 380 Montana origins of the baccalaureate Ameri11. Nevada

7. Idaho 276 is, least, doctorates, the to say can

8. Arizona 274

Where do the people come from 9. New Mexico 207 phenomenal.

institutions westin the 128 Sixteen 11 10. Wyoming forthat a doctor's degree? on go Nevada ki states the 51 ern 95 are numbered in other words, is the bac11.What,

statisinstitutions which, Americancalaureate origin of doctorates in the 1,256 Utah's 1,260, Of or all but tically, for originating account 74United States? either four the University from came doctorates. of percent all American

There are about 2,000 colleges and of Utah, Utah State University of They are, with their national rankuniversities in the US. Most of the Agriculture and Applied Science, or ing among the 95, the following:bachelors who go on, come, however, Brigham Young University. The

from about 1,100 of the 2,000. More other four came from the other bacBachelor's—now—

significantly, nearly threefourths calaureate institutions of the state. National Ranking Ph.D's Produced2

( 74 percent of all the doctorates conThe University of Utah ranked, ferred, 19361956, were conferred nationally, 34th in baccalaureate 1. University of Calif. (Berkeley).. 2,318

on graduates (baccalaureate) of only origin of doctorates, ahead of Syra13. UCLA 1,021

95 campuses. In other words, less cuse, Michigan State, Cal. Tech., 15. University of Washington,

than five percent of the colleges in Johns Hopkins, Brown, and many 21. StanfordSeattle 916727

America (95) produce the bachelor's other prominent schools. Some 525 34. University of Utah 525

degrees that in turn become 74 pergraduates with bachelor's degrees 38. Calif. Inst, of Tech 478

University 42. of Colorado 384 of all doctorates conferred.cent the University The from went of Utah Univ. 44. 370 of A.&.A.S Utah State the nation'sother 95 percent of in a the on for Ph.D. somewhere 361 University 49. Brigham Young

campuses stimulate only 26 percent United States, 19361956. Other 56. University of Southern Calif 338

of the doctorates, as found by this "U"graduates still go outside the 68. Washington St. College 289

study. United States for doctorates. Among 69.77. OregonUniversityStateofCollegeDenver(Corvallis) 281255

The number one campus for them, for example, is Dr. Lowell L. 81. Reed College, Portland, Oregon 239

baccalaureate origin of doctorates is Bennion of the LDS Institute of 88. University of Oregon (Eugene) 222

the University of California at Religion in Salt Lake City, who won 91. University of Idaho 216

Berkeley, 2,318 in the 21 years. In his degree at the University of Strasthe same period Berkeley conferred bourg. If by 1956, Utah's institutions of

3,618 doctorates, showing its attracUtah State University ranked higher education had contributed tion for graduate students who earn fortyfourth in the nation, with 370 1,500 persons who now hold the bachelor's degrees elsewhere. The of its graduates earning doctorates Ph.D. and who are serving throughUCLA campus ranked thirteenth in 1Source: Doctorate Production in United States out the world; if Utah, between 1936

the nation with 1,021. UCLA, it Universities(Washington 19361956,D.C., 1958).Table 7, pp. 5859 and 1956, could at the University

will be remembered, conferred 1,069 of Utah, Utah State, BYU, and its

Ph.D.'s in the same period. Second other baccalaureate institutions, proto Berkeley was City College of New vide the training and stimulus for

York (2,044), third was Illinois 1,260 of its bachelordegree people (1,818), followed by Chicago (1,800), to pursue and win the doctorate, it

Wisconsin (1,693), and Harvard ANNIVERSARY is hopeful to predict that the same (1,653). Little Oberlin, with 665, institutions of higher education

stood in twentyfifth place, ahead of by R. H. Grenville should flourish in the years ahead.

Princeton, Iowa State, Missouri, and Certainly it would appear that many larger schools—a remarkable Utah's institutions have done much

record. So subtle is the step of Time to develop the nation's intellectual

is field Utah's record in this also We scarcely heard the passing years, resources.the next twentyIt is toyearsbe willhopedrecordthat perquite 1,260 phenomenal. Some

sons who received a bachelor's deSave when joy rang a sudden chime, achievements as brilliant. A free

gree from a Utah school, went on state's investment in higher educafor a Ph.D. in those years. CaliOr sorrow paused to wipe its tears. tion is an investment in more than

fornia has about 12 times Utah's national security. It is an investpopulation, but its institutions proAmazed, we scan the calendar ment in the untrammeled search for

truth. for This search search—the less five times as many. thanduced And marvel at the truth discerned. truth honorable whatever by meansin quanoutstripped schoolsUtah's

tity western state but every other It seems incredible how far ismentheinmosttheseimportanttimes. quest of free states ofthe highly more populous

California and Washington as shown Time traveled while our hearts were Universities-'Source: Doctorate19361956,ProductionTable in10, Unitedpp. 7071,States

in the following table: turned. (Washington D.C., 1958).

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA t- HOME STUDY Sitters with Service Increase your knowledge ( Continued ) some little storybooks ImproveDevelop youryourselfskills of your own. When the child tires

of active play, you can read to him... ait i*i tfoun, <u<m *%<Htte

from your books. Please send a copy of the Home Study catalog, without cost,

When taking the kit along on the to:

babysitting job, do not open it until Name [Pl.O!. Print)

the parents have gone. Make it Street seem like something very mysterious, City. State..

and the biggest "mammababy"will Send to: HomaAdult EducationStudy and Eitsmion Services

forget to have a tantrum because BrighamProvo, UtahYoung University

Mamma has gone and left him.

Children forget to be naughty or difficult if you take the things out of the kit one at a time, and let them play with each thing removed until they tire of it before taking out "BANQUETMASTER"something else. String the sur- /essTHE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT

prises along to last out the duration DesignedFOLDINGforBANQUETtoday's beautifulTABLE

Churches Schools of the mother's absence.

Cafes Private Homes give the Never child one of the CompareClabber Girl,the ouncecost offor toys to keep no matter how valueless ounce, with that of it is. Let the kit be known as your other leading brands..

baby sitter's surprise kit, and if you You'll be surprised!

are called back to that home again, which no doubt you will be, the child will look forward to your comMadeL.D.S.in workmen.the West by

Bancompare you buy, BISHOPS—Beforeing. Clabber of for quality material fofmore-Girl is exclusively quetmasters Of course the things in the kit will known as the baking powder workmanship, beauty of design. Writeand

descriptive for brochure with prices and the double balanced rapidly. outwear do, with they When discounts.

.. for action. balanced Satisfaction Guaranteedthrow of giving them away instead uniformity in both mixing inspection. table for sent Sample your

them to the children. Then replace bowl and oven. Write or telephone collect JA 2-6601.

things. other withthem are There

little things thatso many can go BALANCED D. H. LOOSLIIdaho Falls, IdahoCO., INC.

into the kits. Keep them in good Double Action

condition and make them more inMeans BETTER Baking viting by changing the contents often. will pay off They an hundredYou Travel Best when

infold the ease the which most difficult child can be handled and in you arrange your many more calls for work. Travel with

This job of baby sitting requires reliablesomething a than more J. perFranklin Murdock

to children the goodson who is Travel Agent and cares for their needs. It needs

someone interested enough in the A WorldWide stfAgLgfT***, happiness of the child to spend a Travel Service little time in forethought and prepa51 North State Street ration. The more happiness the Salt Lake City, Utah

baby sitter brings to her little Dial Davis 2-1129 charges the bigger her rewards, not only in money but also in satisfaction of a job well done.

"T HOMEIMPORT IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

E Men—BUSINESS!Women. We show you Aidssore throatin treatmentand otherof Canker,minor simplemouth

bigprofit to import how items and throat irritations.

foreign prices at low amazing at (examples The gospel is simple, it is plain.

office. your Getleft).listYourof 157homelmis

There is no mystery throughout the (ports FREE/ Full or spare time

Order. business Or take by Mail HALLS REMEDY

stores. Imorders fromwhole plan of salvation, only to those volume Salt Lake City, Utah clothing, sporting jewelry, port

who do not understand. goods, hardware, etc. NO EXPEni.<-4Ui:arii-n.4 t-O-MB-O-B-O-OHfrCM

obligation NEEDED. Without UCTS—Brigham Young RIENCE OR INVESTMENT IN PRODdetails for comblete today Clocks 65i send

list FREE! imports of 157 and in Germany Air THE IMPROVEMENT ERA night. over us reaches mail The

value $5 Co., Mellinger Westwood, 1717

in U.S.A. Dept. X1652 Los Angeles 24, Calif. 12 issues $2.50

FEBRUARY 1959 127 The Last Word

The way taxes are today it is useless to marry for There is an inward state of the heart which makes anything else but love. truth credible the moment it is stated. It is credible

to some men because of what they are. Love is

credible to a loving heart; purity is credible to a pure

mind; life is credible to a spirit in which life beats

strongly—it is incredible to other men.

Early civilizations might not impress us so much if history had recorded their popular songs.—F. W. Robertson

Mother of a small boy to psychiatrist: "Well, I don't Overheard by a sixyear-old's father as he asked

know whether or not he feels insecure, but everybody Mother, "Mummy, why don't you get married?"

else in the neighborhood certainly does.""I am married, dear; I married your father."

—Tracks "But you can't marry someone in your own family!"

A small boy's examination paper conWorth While tained the following A charming young lady named Lyle definition: "The equaWore a happy and permanent smile.

tor is a menagerie lion When asked if she ever running around the Scowled, she replied, "Never!

earth's middle."I like to be always in style."

—Roy A. Brennie

-Alfred I. Tooke

Very simple ideas lie within the reach only of Talk to a man about himself and he will listen for complex minds. hours.

—Remy De Gourmont—Benjamin Disraeli

"What did Mama's little boy learn in school today?"Contrary to accepted opinion, love is not blind-

"I learned two of the kids not to call me 'Mama's it can always see the difference between a jalopy little boy.'and a 12cylinder convertible.

A minor operation is one performed on someone Don't worry about your station in life. Someone

else. will tell you where to get off.

Experience is a wonderful thing. It enables you to A neck is something if you don't stick it out you

recognize a mistake when you make it again. won't get in trouble up to.

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA little nibblers get thatWhen "hollow feeling''..

till 'em up the wholesome way!

Nabisco SUGAR Honey Grahams

in oneand twopound packages. THE Available

... because they're made with rich graham flour

and pure honey! Perfect for betweenmeal snacks!

Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams haven't spoiled an appetite

(less crumbs). longlasting And for crispness... they're GRAHAMS wrappedyet! Conveniently scored to snap into. two bitesize pieces in 6 InEr-Seal wax packets. Bring today. home some

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY 1 2 WAYS TO MAKE YOUR LIFE INSURANCE MORE BENEFICIAL

With the passing years, changes come quickly. There Investigate new Beneficial policies

may be new additions to your family—like Stevie. Perthat meet today's needs

haps you've just bought a new house... or Dad has a

promotion. There are many new specialpurpose policies and

Each of these changes mean a corresponding change programs to choose from. Your Beneficial man will be

in your family's financial picture now and in the future. happy to recommend the best one for your family size

And this means that your life insurance program should and income. Ask him especially about the new Benefactor

be reviewed periodically... to keep it up to date... to Plan that provides insurance for every member of the

make it more Beneficial to your family. family. Call him soon, or mail the coupon.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO..IIIIIM""Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, Utah ""Please send information about: BENEFICIAL LIEE

Family Package Plan Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah JigStreet.

City.....Zone State.

E29