u in CtHa\m c:i ty it

fpss

Era.

JANUARY, 1925

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD

QUORUMS,THEYOUNG MENS MUTUAL IMPROVEMENTASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF vv LATTERDAY SAINTS vvw*vv PUBLISHED MONTHLY BY THE GENERAL BOARD YMXJA SALT LAKE CITY UTAH Reduced Round Trip AllYear-Tourist Fares From SALT LAKE CITY AM) OGDEN To Los Angeles $* Q50 San Francisco *- Proportionately reduced fares from all other point*

On sale dailyReturn limit 9 months from date of sale

Stopovers allowed all intermediate points on SOUTHERN

PACIFIC LINES going and returning

For full information call or 'phone

P. BANCROFT, General Agent

41 South Main Street Wasatch 3008 Wasatch 3078

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN rcel Pos If paid in adon vance,-oPraldOc. extraP each* togarmenty Partto Canadaof the Unitedor Mexico?State.

you pay the postage. LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LAUEL IN EVERY GARMENT

. No. p 4 Light Summer weight bleached l 4 11 Light weight cotton /// 150 Light 20 weight cotton bleached '.'.'. "1 75 '""00 Medium weight j'y* cotton

2jJ Medium weight cotton bleached..!!!.'.'!!.'.".''200->'->5 00 Heavy weight cotton unbleached

'50 cotton,,t bleached *.T double bleached, S*aVyxt.r. u w,,itewei mercerized '.'.'.'.'.""3.00 vk10 Medium*. weight wool mixture 3 OO 10 Heavy weight wool mixture 4 cm <0 Suow white silkulene.V40

18 All Marino wool...............7.\\\\\7.7.'.'.'5.50

ak'desired.'Longer than 64 IncheToVf.!. V? ** buT*'52 to 64 ngth'sV

ri,U, top of shoutlUt i"iueanZe dofofb0aikirankle. deOrrOrders for,; le?**\f>**less than two garmentson accepted. not

MODEL KNITTING FRANKLIN WORKS CHRIST1ANSON, Manager* 57 Iver.on St., Salt Lake City, Utah. pko,. Hy

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS. PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Daddy Said That It Wouldn't Be Right"

Five little boys in a group one day,

With heads together, paused in their play,

On mischief bent, it was plain to see.

But one little chap did not agree.

With purpose firm, and toss of his head,

This little chap to the others said:

"No, fellers, let us not do that tonight,"

And his eyes flashed clear with an honest light, '"Twould be unkind, and it wouldn't be fair,

And Daddy wants me to always 'play square.'

My Dad's a fine man and I'm sure he's right

So I can't be with you in that tonight;

I like clean sport, in real fun delight,

But Daddy would say, 'That isn't right'."

A group of youths in a college "frat,"

Planning an evening of this and of that!

Vice beckoned them to its gilded hall,

And it seemed that they would heed the call;

But one stalwart lad withstood the plea, "No, boys, leave me out of that,"said he.

"No, fellows, let us not do that tonight!"

And his eyes flashed clear with manly light,

As he thought of his father's words to him:

"Take it from me, and remember it, Jim;

From what of life in my time I have seen

You'll find it will pay to be square and clean."

So he yielded not to the tempter's blight,

For Dad had said it wouldn't be right.

Snowflake, Arizona. T. C. HOYT.

X J2<

x -S M

s.

Improvement Era

Vol. XXVIII JANUARY, 1925 NO. 3

THE WELDING LINK

By Orson F. Whitney, of the Council of the Twelve

An Epistle from Exile

It was September, 1842, and the Prophet Joseph Smith was in retirement, prudently concealing himself from enemies who had designs upon his liberty and his life. But though in exile, he could not be

idle. His thoughts ran upon a theme that had engrossed his mind for

years, and which he declared to be the "most glorious subject belonging to the everlasting gospel."This subject he brought to the attention of the Church by means of an epistle dated at Nauvoo, Illinois,

during the month and year above mentioned. In that epistle, which

constitutes Section 128 of the book of Doctrine and Covenants, he quotes the fifth and sixth verses of the fourth chapter of Malachi, reading as follows:

Malachi 's Prediction

"Behold, I will send you Elijah the prophet before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord: and he shall turn the hearts of the

fathers to the children, and the hearts of the children to their fathers, lest I come and smite the earth with a curse."

The Prophet's Comment Joseph then makes this comment upon the prophecy: "I might

have rendered a plainer translation to this, but it is sufficiently plain to suit my purposes as it stands. It is sufficient to know, in this case,

that the earth will be smitten with a curse, unless there is a welding link of some kind or other, between the fathers and the children, upon some subject or other, and behold, what is that subject? It is the

baptism for the dead. For we without them cannot be made perfect;

neither can they without us be made perfect. Neither can they nor we

be made perfect without those who have died in the gospel also."

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918, $2 per annum.

Address Room 4 06, Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

188 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Something else he said, of still greater import, which I reserve for later consideration.

Moroni's Message Malachi's prophecy, uttered about 400 B. C, had been cited

by the Angel Moroni, when he appeared to Joseph Smith, on the night of September 21, 1823. The angel, however, worded it "with

a little variation from the way it reads in our Bibles"; and this is

probably what Joseph had in mind when he said: "I might have

rendered a plainer translation."Moroni's message, including the

first verse of the fourth chapter of Malachi, was in these words:

"For behold, the day cometh that shall burn as an oven, and all the proud, yea, and all that do wickedly, shall burn as stubble; for they that

come shall burn them, saith the Lord of Hosts, that it shall leave them neither root nor branch.

"Behold, I will reveal unto you the Priesthood, by the hand of Elijah the prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord.

"And he shall plant in the hearts of the children the promises made to the fathers, and the hearts of the children shall turn to their fathers; if it

were not so, the whole earth would be utterly wasted at his coming."

Pearl of Great Price, page 90, edition of 1913.

The Keys of Elijah This same prophecy had been mentioned when the keys of

Elijah were conferred upon Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, in

April, 1836. Following is the record of that wonderful event:

"Elias appeared, and committed the dispensation of the gospel of

Abraham, saying, that in us, and our seed, all generations after us should be blessed. "After this vision had closed, another great and glorious vision burst upon us, for Elijah the prophet, who was taken to heaven without tasting death, stood before us and said:

"Behold, the time has fully come, which was spoken of by the mouth of Malachi, testifying that he (Elijah) should be sent before the great and dreadful day of the Lord come * * * "To turn the hearts of the fathers to the children, and the children to the fathers, lest the whole earth be smitten with a curse * * * "Therefore, the keys of this dispensation are committed into your hands; and by this ye may know that the great and dreadful day of the Lord

is near; even at the and Covenants 110:1216. doors."—Doctrine

Forerunner and Finisher Elias, considered as a name, is the Greek equivalent of the Hebrew

Elijah. Compared references in the New and Old Testaments clearly

establish the verbal identity. But Joseph Smith distinguished between

"the spirit of Elias"and "the spirit of Elijah"; the former a forerunner

to prepare the way of the Lord, the latter holding the sealing powers necessary to complete the work of preparation for Messiah's advent.

Many Eliases Elijah, therefore, is not to be confounded with is to Elias—that

THE WELDING LINK 189

say, with the Elias who committed the keys of the Abrahamic dispensation. There are many Eliases, Joseph says, in the sense of the

lesser preparing the way before the greater; and by one of them the

keys of that dispensation were restored on the occasion described, so that the blessings anciently pronounced upon the Father of the Faithful might, through two of his descendants, be extended to his posterity, in modern times. For this purpose, among others, Joseph and Oliver

had been divinely ordained.

A Timely Admonition "Lest I come and smite the earth with a curse."That sounds

like a threat. But is it so? Is the Lord coming to curse the earth?

Is that the purpose of his intended visit? I think not. On the

contrary, the Lord is coming to bless the earth, to crown it with his glorious presence, to sanctify it for celestial exaltation; and the

prediction concerning the messenger who would be sent to prepare the way before him, is not a threat, but a timely and kindly admonition.

Preparation Necessary

The way must be prepared, so that the Lord can come with safety safety to the earth and its inhabitants; and those prophetic—with

words are simply a warning of what would inevitably result from the sudden appearing of the Messiah, without due preparation being made to receive him. His glory would consume the earth. This solid

globe would melt, or vanish like paper in a flame, if a people were not prepared and the way made ready for the advent of the King of kings. Instead of a blessing, as designed, it would be as a consuming

curse, and Malachi so describes it.

This work of preparation might be compared to a breakwater, which receives the dashing waves of the ocean, lest they overwhelm and waste the land lying along the shore. Something of that character,

though of a spiritual nature, is necessary, in order to meet the overwhelming tide of God's glory, which otherwise would sweep all before it. And the Saints, when they rear holy temples and officiate

therein, or when obedient to any other behest of the Almighty, are building that spiritual breakwater. It is only a comparison, of course,

and comparisons are never perfect; but it may serve to suggest the

idea that I wish to convey.

Let us now inquire where, when, and under what circumstances this sacred work began.

Ancient Vicarious Baptisms We have no record of baptisms for the dead earlier than the

Meridian days of Jesus and the original Apostles. Dispensation—the

The practice would have been premature before Christ introduced the

Gospel in the Spirit World. The principle is one that pertains more

190 IMPROVEMENT ERA

particularly to the dispensation of the fulness of times, with which the meridian dispensation is closely connected.

That the Saints of former days practiced vicarious baptism, is evident from Paul's first epistle to the Corinthians (15:29), wherein

the Apostle reproves backsliding doubters of the resurrection in these words: "Else what shall they do which are baptized for the dead, if

the dead rise not at all? Why are they then baptized for the dead?"

It is perfectly clear that Paul was referring to a practice then prevalent in the Church of Christ.

An Integral Part of the Gospel

Baptism for the dead is an integral part of the Everlasting Gospel, as much so as baptism for the living. John the Baptist, as an Elias,

prepared the Lord's way anciently, by preaching repentance and baptism for the remission of sins. He performed a similar office in modern

times, when he conferred the Aaronic Priesthood upon Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery, who forthwith proclaimed repentance and baptism to their generation. John the Baptist, as his name implies, is

the great herald and exponent of baptism—water baptism—applicable

to the dead as well as to the living. John baptized with water;

Jesus with fire and the Holy Ghost. Baptism for the dead, which is

of water and of the Spirit, must have been authorized by Jesus and by

John; and that is why the ancient Saints practiced it, as indicated by

Paul in his first Corinthian epistle.

The Beneficiaries In whose behalf was it practiced? Who were the beneficiaries? They

were those who had died without a knowledge of the Gospel; those

who were disobedient in the days of Noah, while the ark was preparing (I Peter 3:1820): those whom the Son of God visited in the

Spirit World, while his crucified body was lying in the tomb; in

short, the dead to whom the gospel was preached, "that they might be judged according to men in the flesh, but live according to God in the spirit."(Ibid 4:6.) The dead here spoken of doubtless included

those who were disobedient before the days of Noah.

And now as to the history of this sacred principle in our own dispensation.

In Latter Days Baptism for the dead was first mentioned in public by the Prophet

Joseph Smith, at the funeral of Elder Seymour Brunson, on the 10th of August, 1840. He again referred to it on October 19, of that

year, in a letter to the twelve apostles, most of whom were then absent in Europe. The Prophet stated in this letter that he had "given

general instruction in the Church on the subject."(Essentials in

Church History, page 304.) The character of those instructions may

be gleaned from the following excerpts of an editorial article, written

THE WELDING LINK 191

by President Joseph Smith, and published in the Times and Seasons, at Nauvoo:,

Editorial Instruction "It is an opinion which is generally received, that the destiny of man is irretrievably fixed at his death; and that he is made either eternally happy,

or eternally if a man dies without a knowledge of God, he miserable:—that

must be eternally damned, without any mitigation of his punishment, alleviation of his pain, or the most latent hope of deliverance, while endless ages shall roll along.

"However orthodox this principle may be, we shall find that it is at variance with the testimony of holy writ; for our Savior says that all manner of sin and blasphemy shall be forgiven * * * but the blasphemy

against the Holy Ghost shall not be in this world, nor forgiven—neither

in the world to come, evidently showing that there are sins which may be forgiven in the world to come."

"We have an account of our Savior preaching to the spirits in prison;

to spirits that had been imprisoned from the days of Noah, and what did he preach to them? that they were to stay there? Certainly not; let his own

declaration testify: 'He hath sent me to heal the brokenhearted, to preach

deliverance to the captives, and recovering of sight to the blind; to set at

liberty them that are bruised.'Luke 4:18. Isaiah has it: 'To bring out

the prisoners from the prison, and them that sit in darkness out of the prison house.'Is. 42:7. It is very evident from this that he not only

went to preach to them, but to deliver, or bring them out of the prison house. "Isaiah, in testifying concerning the calamities that will overtake the inhabitants of the earth says: 'The earth shall reel to and fr6 like a drunkard; and * * * it shall fall and not rise again. And it shall come

to pass in that day, that the Lord shall punish the hosts of the high ones that are on high, and the kings of the earth upon the earth. And they shall be

gathered together as prisoners are gathered in the pit, and shall be shut up in prison, and after* many days shall they be visited.'

"Thus we find that God will deal with all the human family equally;

and that as the antediluvians had their day of visitation, so will those characters referred to by Isaiah, have their time of visitation and deliverance, after having been many days in prison."

The Nauvoo Temple On the 19th of January, 1841, came a revelation urging upon the Saints the imperative necessity for the erection of a temple at

Nauvoo. In that revelation the Lord says: "For a baptismal font

there is not upon the earth, that they, my saints, may be baptized for those who are dead."(Doc. and Cov. 124:29.) The temple at

Portland, Ohio, which was built several years before the date of this revelation, had no baptismal font, the time not having then arrived for this kind of work to begin. It was in the Kirtland temple,

however, that the keys of Elijah were restored, by virtue of which the work for the dead was afterwards inaugurated.

River Baptisms

When the revelation of January 19 was given, baptisms for the dead were being performed in the Mississippi river; the Lord

192 IMPROVEMENT ERA

permitting it for a season, with the understanding that after the Saints had had sufficient time to build a temple and place a baptismal font therein, the river baptisms should be discontinued.

The cornerstones of the Nauvoo temple were laid on the 6th of

April, 1841, and in the ensuing October the building was so far advanced that it could be used for baptismal purposes; a font having

been put in the basement, and the incomplete structure boarded over.

This signalized the discontinuance of the river baptisms.

First Baptisms in the Temple A month later, or on the 8th of November, Brigham Young, who was then president of the twelve apostles, dedicated the baptismal font, and on the 21st of that month, the first baptisms for the dead were performed in the Nauvoo temple. This labor went on there

as long as the Saints remained in Illinois, and it has been continued in all the temples since erected by them.

Eight Temples Built So far, eight temples have been built by the Latterday Saints one in Ohio, one in Illinois, four in Utah, one in Hawaii, and one in

Canada. Also, there is one in course of erection in Arizona. Others

have been projected, but not finished owing to the persecutions and drivings of our people. The greatest of these temples is in Salt Lake

City. It cost over three million dollars, and was forty years in building.

The Utah Genealogical Society The erection of such structures has been accompanied by a constantly growing interest in genealogical gathering of names, work—the

dates and facts pertaining to the departed, who have had or are yet to have temple work done for them by their living kindred or friends. On November 13, 1894, the Utah Genealogical Society

was organized at Salt Lake City; its founder and first president being

Franklin D. Richards, Apostle and Church Historian. The purpose

of this society is "to collect, compile, establish and maintain a genealogical library for the use of its members, and also to be educational in disseminating information regarding all such matters."The Genealogical Library, consisting of more than eight thousand volumes, including nearly every nationality, occupies commodious rooms on the

top floor of the magnificent Church Building in Salt Lake City.

As stated in the recently published Life,of Franklin D. Richards:

"Large numbers of people are availing themselves of the valuable information to be procured through this channel, and thus the work for the dead has been given a great impetus."

Outside Interest Awakened Almost a worldwide interest in matters genealogical has been awakened outside the pale of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterTHE WELDING LINK 1$5

day Saints. Men and women of wealth have devoted large Sums of

money for the collection and compilation of data pertaining to their ancestors, and societies have been formed in this and in other nations for the preparation and publication of family histories. And the end

is not yet; the work is still going on, and increasing year after year

With unabated enthusiasm.

Those engaged in compiling these in the genealogies—those

outside world, I that they do not know why they mean—admit

have been moved upon to put forth such efforts, and go to so much expense, as this labor entails. Having done the work, they confess

their surprise that they should ever have undertaken it, having no particular use for the records after they are made.

The Reason Why But the Latterday Saints comprehend the why and wherefore;

for the Lord has revealed it to them. They know that the widespread

interest in such matters has sprung up since the third day of April, 1836, when Elijah the Prophet appeared to Joseph Smith and Oliver

Cowdery in the Kirtland temple, and conferred upon them the keys "to turn the hearts of the fathers to the children and the children to the fathers."And they gratefully recognize the hand of the Lord in

the invaluable assistance rendered from outside sources, without which the task of gathering their genealogies would have proved exceedingly difficult, if not absolutely impossible.

Greatness and Glory of Elijah's Mission

In order to fully comprehend the mission of indeed Elijah—if

the finite mind can comprehend it in its must take a fulness—one

higher and broader view than is ordinarily taken of this sublime subject. It is a glorious thing to go into the House of the Lord and

redeem one's departed ancestors; but there is something more glorious

still connected therewith, and the Prophet Joseph presented it in that wonderful epistle of September 6, 1842. Speaking first of the importance of records and recordkeeping, he says:

"Whatsoever you record on earth shall be recorded in heaven, and whatsoever you do not record on earth shall not be recorded in heaven; for out

of the books shall your dead be judged, according to their own works, whether they themselves have attended to the ordinances in their own propria persona, or by means of their own agents, according to the ordinance which God has prepared for their salvation from before the foundation of the world, according to the records which they have kept concerning their dead."

(Doc. and Cov. 128:8.)

referred to in He also quotes the words of Malachi—repeatedly

the course of this article; mentions the "welding link"between the

living and the dead, and then adds:

194 IMPROVEMENT ERA

All In One

"It is necessary in the ushering in of the dispensation of the fulness of times, which dispensation is now beginning to usher in, that a whole and complete and perfect union, and welding together of dispensations, and keys, and powers, and glories should take place, and be revealed from the days of

Adam even to the present time. And not only this, but those things which

never have been revealed from the foundation of the world, but have been kept hid from the wise and prudent, shall be revealed unto babes and sucklings in this, the dispensation of the fulness of times."(Doc. and

Cov. 128:18.)

There it is the greatness and the glory of Elijah's mission is—there

binding of the gospel dispensations, and the bringing together of—the

all things in Christ, both in heaven and on earth; in short, the universal restitutipn promised by the mouths of holy prophets since the

world began.

"Why send Elijah?"asks the Prophet, and answers his own

question thus: "Because he holds the keys of the authority to administer in all the ordinances of the Priesthood; and without the authority

is given, the ordinances could not be administered in righteousness."

In the same connection he states that "Elijah was the last prophet that held the keys of the priesthood."(History of the Church, vol.

6, pp. 249254.)

Elijah, whose name stands for the completeness of preparation for the coming of the Lord, had to be sent in the last days, in order that the gospel dispensations, extending like a mighty chain through all the centuries of time, might be bound together, prior to Messiah's glorious advent.

The Gospel Dispensations What is meant by the term "dispensation"? In the sense that I

am now using it, it means the opening of the heavens and the dispensing or giving forth of the principles of the Everlasting Gospel, with the powers of the Eternal Priesthood, for purposes of salvation. It also

signifies the period of time during which those saving principles and powers remain operative after being restored to man. Earth has had

more than one dispensation of the gospel. It did not originate in the

days of the ancient apostles. It was a restored religion then, as it

is a restored religion now. Framed in the heavens, before this earth

was organized, it has been revealed to man again and again in a series of dispensations, reaching from the days of Adam down to the days of

Joseph Smith.

God's Covenant with Adam God covenanted with Adam that the gospel should be in the world from the beginning to the end thereof, and it has been kept in the world by repeated restorations or dispensations, the keys of which were conferred upon the prophet presiding over this dispensation,

THE WELDING LINK 195

so that the work of binding all together might be consummated and the work of the Lord wound up as pertaining to this planet.

Elias—Elijah—Messiah

Says Joseph, in the discourse from which I have just quoted:

"The spirit of Elias is first, Elijah second, and Messiah last. Elias

is a forerunner to prepare the way, and the spirit and power of Elijah is to come after, holding the keys of power, building the temple to the capstone, placing the seals of the Melchizedek priesthood upon the house of Israel; and making all things ready; then Messiah comes to his

temple; which is last of all."

"Divers Angels"

Earlier in the same discourse is found this notable utterance:

"I saw an angel, and he laid his hands upon my head, and ordained me to a priest after the order of Aaron, and to hold the keys of his priesthood, which office was to preach repentance and baptism for the remission of sins, and also to baptize. But I was informed that this office did not extend to

the laying on of hands for the giving of the Holy Ghost; that that office was

a greater work, and was to be given afterward; but that my ordination was a

preparatory work, or a going before, which was the spirit of Elias."

But the spirit of Elijah rested upon him later. Following the

visitation of the Father and the Son, proclaiming the opening of a new gospel dispensation, came "divers Moroni, revealing the angels"—first

Book of Mormon and the gospel as contained therein; then, in succession, John the Baptist, restoring the Aaronic priesthood; Peter,

James, and John, restoring the Melchizedek priesthood and "declaring themselves as possessing the keys of the kingdom and of the dispensation of the fulness of times;"then Moses, Elias, and Elijah, conferring their respective keys and powers. Other angels, such as Michael,

Gabriel, Raphael, are likewise mentioned by the Prophet in this connection. All these ministrations were for the purpose of bringing about

a condition of unity and completeness absolutely essential to the perfection of the Lord's work.

Perfection the Object

Perfection is the great end in view. Nothing imperfect, nothing

incomplete, can inherit the fulness of God's glory. It would be out

of place there and could not endure. Jesus said to his disciples: "Be

ye perfect, even as your Father in heaven is perfect."Eternal marriage helps to illustrate the point. "The man is not without the

woman nor the woman without the man, in the Lord."United, they

represent completeness, each being the complement of the other. Apart,

they are incomplete, and cannot pass on to exaltation.

The same is true of parent and child, typifying past and present.

196 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Neither is complete without the other. What Has Been must be

joined to What Is, in order that perfection may reign. The keys of

Moses were given, that there might be a gathering of scattered Israel.

But a greater gathering was also in prospect, and the keys of Elijah were restored, that a welding link might be forged to unite the present and the past, and that all things in Christ, whether on earth or in heaven, might eventually be brought together and the separate and discordant parts attuned and blended in one harmonious whole.

"Brethren,"says the Prophet, in that marvelous outburst of inspiration with which the subject closes, "shall we not go on in so great a cause? Go forward and not backward. Courage, brethren; and on,

on to the victory! Let your hearts rejoice, and be exceedingly glad.

Let the earth break forth into singing. Let the dead speak forth

anthems of eternal praise to the King Immanuel, who hath ordained before the world was, that which would enable us to redeem them out of their prison; for the prisoners shall go free!"

Obstacles

The test of the strength of the cable

Is e'er in the fiercest of storms;

The test of each man is in trial

In all of its various forms.

Each time we meet sorrow superbly

Makes the life more grand and sublime,

For sorrow refines and enobles,

If met with a faith that's divine.

The brightest of lightning comes ever

From clouds that are most dark and drear,

From hottest of furnaces, also,

The purest of ore will appear.

The man who will smile through his trouble.

O'er coming and rising above, Each obstacle which may assail him,

Will grow strong, and gain people's love.

Let failures prove stepping stones only

To later and greater success;

Brave storms of life ever with courage,

Then real growth our efforts will bless.

Oh, be not discouraged and downcast,

No matter what obstacles rise,

Go onward and forward and conquer,

And they'll prove a help in disguise.

Mesa, Arizona. ETHEL R. LlLLYWHITE.

THE PILGRIM OF THE WEST By Judge Wallace McCamant

[The National Society of the Sons of the American Revolution held their annual congress in Salt Lake City, in July, 1924. Many patriotic

speeches were delivered during the meetings, and Past PresidentGeneral Judge

Wallace McCamant, spoke at the annual banquet on July 22, 1924, at the Hotel Utah. Through the courtesy of Hon. George Albert Smith,

vicepresident- general, and the kind consent of Judge McCamant the Era is privileged to print the speech. Judge McCamant was born in Harrisburg,

Pennsylvania, September 22, 1867; was educated at the Harrisburg public

schools, and graduated from Lafayette College in 1888; was admitted to the

bar of the second judicial district in Pennsylvania in 1890; thence removed

to Oregon where he has ever since practiced his profession. He has acted as

Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of Oregon; was a delegate to the

Republican National Convention in 1896, 1900, and 1920; and placed

in nomination President Calvin Coolidge for the Vicepresidency; has been

a member of the Society of the Sons of the American Revolution, since 1891; was presidentgeneral in 1921; is deeply interested in the work of

the Masonic Fraternity; and was president of the Oregon Bar Association from

191920. "The Pilgrim of the West"will interest our readers because of

its patriotic contents and its just meed of praise to the Western pioneers, including the settlers of Utah and Idaho and surrounding states.—EDITORS.]

The Nineteenth Century was a marvelous age. One of its most

important achievements was the conquest of the American continent.

At the beginning of the century AngloSaxon civilization had barely crossed the Appalachians. At the end of the century the continent was

studded with finished modern cities stretching from Pittsburg to San

Francisco. A population of five millions had expanded into a population of seventyfive millions. The standard of living at the end of

the century was higher than any the world had theretofore known and higher than obtained anywhere else.

The story of the conquest of the continent has a fascination which the writers of fiction and the moving picture magnates well understand.

Those men and women who turned their faces westward were empire builders. Their courage and selfreliance arrest our attention. They

were largely those who chafed under the bonds of convention. The

pioneer could live his own life. Measured by our standards it was a

comfortless life, but it had a charm for thousands. They accepted

the hardships for the sake of the atmosphere surcharged with the ozone of freedom. The frontier developed strong men; the weakling succumbed to its tests. The homely virtues of industry and frugality

were essential to existence in a new country. In a sparsely settled

country all men are wellknown. Such a community is no place for

the impostor. The winners of the West were and had to be a genuine

people.

AH students of the conditions under which our forefathers lived 198 IMPROVEMENT ERA

must be impressed with their isolation. The means of communication

were unspeakably bad and the people lived their lives with little touch with the world except in their immediate communities. These

conditions bred provincialism. There were many whose patriotism

was circumscribed by state lines. The people of the original states

differed in historic background and in religious affiliation. Society

was organized on different lines in north and south. We would

have had no federal constitution and no national solidarity but for the magnificent leadership bestowed upon us by Divine Providence in our formative period.

With the adoption of the Federal Constitution the battle was only half won. Centrifugal forces were still powerful. If the country

was to be permanently united, there was required a national spirit, a loyalty to the flag as the symbol of a union beneficent and perpetual.

This spirit was built up on the frontier. There New Englander met

Virginian, Pennsylvanian lived with Carolinian. Each learned the

worth of the other. Such men as Henry Clay, Andrew Jackson and

Abraham Lincoln were the fruition of frontier life. In their devotion

through good report and ill to our federal union, they represented the constituencies in which their characters were formed. They differed from each other on many public questions, but in each testing

they proved that their supreme loyalty was paid to an indestructible union built upon the Constitution and symbolized by the flag. The

spirit of the frontier reacted powerfully on the populations farther east.

It is one of the glories of New England that the national spirit which had been growing up in the hearts of the people found expression in the ringing periods of Daniel Webster in his reply to Hayne; but the

spirit of this great oration was largely the result of frontier contacts and the orator was not fitted for his great work until he had sat in

Congress for nearly two decades with men from the West who were permeated with the spirit of national solidarity. But for the influence

of the frontier there would have been a very different response to

Webster's oration and to Jackson's defiance of the nullifiers.

The Americanism of the frontier found abundant expression in the life of the new communities. The school house was the first

landmark of community life. The log college followed in due course.

Everywhere there was recognition of the necessity for education as a qualification for citizenship. The sacrifices made to found and

maintain these schools and colleges are eloquent of the high ideals of the founders of these western commonwealths.

A free and easy life obtained in the new settlements. There was

little disposition to tell the individual how he should live his life and this was one of the charms of a new country. But there were among

the pioneers in every section men who feared God. The church

followed shortly after the school in the development of community life. The circuit rider was a real hero. It was his task to comfort the

THE PILGRIM OF THE WEST 199

bereaved and afflicted, to proclaim the immuntable principles of righteousness and to strengthen faith in the things which endure.

The points on which the great bulk of Americans are in accord in their religious belief are more numerous and more important than those on which they differ.

In the settlement of the West, one denomination did pioneering here, another there. In every considerable settlement there was a church

where reverence to God and duty to man were taught.

A court followed in due course. Every new community has

recognized the importance of justice judicially administered as the foundation on which our civilization is built up.

It is one of the glories of the great West that there have been found in its pioneer population judges just, able, fearless and loyal to the principles of the Constitution and that the pioneers have had the wisdom and the virtue to select these men to discharge judicial duties.

Throughout our history the dominant influence of the new

West has been the native American element. Until recently the melting pot has worked satisfactorily in moulding into a homogeneous

population the sons of the immigrant and the sons of the American

Revolution. The spirit of the West has always been a spirit of

hospitality. There has been a welcome for any man who came to

make this country his home, to do his share of the work and to carry his share of the burden in transforming cfesert and wilderness into comfortable and finished communities.

When the time came for statehood, in all the West there was no disagreement as to fundamentals. Every constitution contained its bill

of rights; it provided for a system of checks and balances, for a distribution of the powers into three departments, for a government

permeated with American principles. There was hearty agreement

everywhere that all power should spring from the people.

The rapid development of the West is a demonstration of the excellence of our political system. Under our guarantees of free

speech, a free press and the right of petition, the collective wisdom can be brought to| bear on all our programs. We were able to work out

the wisest system of agrarian legislation the world has ever known.

Its cornerstones are the homestead and mineral entry statutes. They

have not only accelerated the settlement of the great West, they haive made its people a race of landowners and homebuilders.

The unprecedented speed with which the great West has been settled cannot be accounted for by the richness of our natural resources.

A century ago these resources were undeveloped. No one knew of

the copper which underlays the soil at Butte and Anaconda, or of the gold to be found in Colorado and California. No one knew of the

Comstock lode or the Silver King. Nebraska and the Dakotas were

marked on the maps as the great American desert. The political

200 IMPROVEMENT ERA

genius of the American people is the great secret of the winning of the

West. The protection of property rights, the assurance that the obligation of contract cannot be impaired, have been the incentive to

transform desert into farm and mountain into mine. The land laws

have facilitated the conquest, but back of all the work of the pioneer has been the Constitution, throwing the protection of its guarantees around each man and each woman who participated in the mighty work whose fruition is the joy of this generation.

The development of the West has done much to relieve congestion of population in the older states and to keep America the land of opportunity.

Necessity is the mother of invention. The necessities which

this era of development have made manifest have been a great incentive to the invention of the harvester and reaper and the other machines which for the first time in history have abolished famine and assured plenty.

The development of the West required railroads and telegraphs.

When the means of communication were supplied there grew up communities cosmopolitan, broadgauge and sympathetic with all parts of the Union. In this latter respect the West is more truly

American than any other part of the country. We who live in

these western cities mingle from day to day with natives of every section of the United States. We find something to tie to in all

of them and our disposition is to regard Americans everywhere as a great brotherhood.,

All honor to the pioneers wheresoever they pitched their tents, but a special tribute is due to the settlers of Utah, California and

Oregon. The other western states were settled by a gradual extension

of the cultivated area. These three commonwealths were peopled by

men and women who journeyed far through wastes and wilds.

The settlers of this goodly state were actuated by the same motive which took the Pilgrims to Plymouth. Read in the seventh volume

of McMaster the story of the persecutions which drove them out of

Illinois and Missouri and if you have the spirit of a true American your blood will boil. Look about you and see the garden country

which they have carved out of the desert, see this finished modern city with its schools and its churches, its homes and its redblooded citizens and you cannot withhold a tribute.

When Oregon was settled, eight decades ago, there was no stopping place between the Missouri River and the Williamette Valley.

The long trail was marked by the bones of those who fell by the way.

No weakling ever made that journey. The settlers of Oregon were

brave men and true women. The same may be said of the argonauts

who laid the foundations of the great imperial commonwealth of the

Pacific. The influence of these founders still lives in the states where

THE PILGRIM OF THE WEST 201

they lived and wrought. It speaks in the intense devotion of the

people to the principles of the American Revolution.

Let there be light in the western wilds,

The spirit of progress said, And thousands followed the devious paths

Where the sturdy woodsmen led.

They crossed the mountain's beetling crags

And the deserts brown and bare.

And on the shores of the western main

They planted the old flag there.

As the blue of the sky and the blue of the wave

Mingle and blend in the sea, It mingled its colors with those of the wave

To herald the march of the free.

And the echoing thud of the woodsman's ax

And the roar of his trusty gun

Told in a voice that woke up the woods

How this western land was won.

No Boy Is Bad By Joseph S. Peery

Every boy is royal child of God. Like begets like, born—ai

and it is natural for children to grow like their parents. The boy is

naturally good, and, with favorable environments, he would remain good. As Oscar Kirkham says, "It is not lost a boy, but lost, a leader

for that boy."

Had young Leopold and Loeb been reared on the farm to work, with a job in the church helping others become better, they would be fine young men today. Andrew Carnegie said, "The worst thing

that can happen to a young man is to be left with plenty of money and nothing to do."Such a combination is a terrible barrier for a young

man to surmount. Such a handicap weakens his initiative and attacks

his moral fiber from all directions.

The "Mormon"boy generally is reared to work, and from early youth is giving service. He becomes a "doer of the word"and, in

helping others become better, he develops into a fine young man.

Most crimes are committed by young men from eighteen to twentytwo. At this vital period in life, the "Mormon"boy goes on

his mission, the Lord's school, and thereby becomes a super man. In

traveling, his viewpoint is broadened. In studying scripture and

preaching the word of God, his spiritual nature is nourished; In

humility he learns to pray to his best friend. He is happy in living

his very best self. No wonder tourists remark, "We have met your

missionaries, and they are the finest type of young people in the world."Jn the Church activities, there is safety, growth, salvation eternal.

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE By John Henry Evans, Author of "One Hundred Years of

Mormonism"

III

But the Latterday Saints are a chosen people in another sense than that they have been picked out from the nations by the magnet of the gospel. For conditions after their conversion to "Mormonism"have tented to sift the stronger from the weaker with a

view to the survival of the fittest.

Four times in their history have the "Mormons"been expelled from their homes in different states by the ill will of their neighbors.

In eighteen hundred thirtyone, when the Church was less than a year old, they were forced to seek refuge from scorn and hatred in western New York state by settling in Ohio. In a few years public

sentiment in this latter state compelled them to abandon their farms and homes, their employment and their temple, and flee to Missouri, which was then the frontier of the United States. Scarcely nine years

had elapsed in Missouri when they were forced by an armed mob to seek a new retreat in Illinois. Finally, in this last state, after they

had built a beautiful city, the wonder of the West, popular feeling, crystalized in mob violence and armed with the power of the law, drove them, in eighteen hundred fortysix, beyond the pale of the nation to eke out an existence among the Indians on the Great American

Desert, or to die of hunger.

In order to show just how these external conditions worked as a sifter, an instance may be given in enough detail to reveal the elements of character involved.

One of these "Mormons"was an apostle of the faith, a man of general culture intelligence and refinement. He had joined the

Church during the first year of its existence, had soon become prominent in the organization, and had shared the vicissitudes of his people in three states. He had been arrested, and, with other leaders of the

Church, had been sentenced by court martial to be shot. These men

were now in prison waiting for the sentence to be executed.

Early one morning, before the rest were awake, he rose from his bed on the unmattressed floor, where he had slept without covering.

The door was unbarred, and the place momentarily without guard.

Should he escape? The weather favored him, for it was snowing, and

the snow would cover up his tracks. Following his first impulse, he

went out at the door, walked and then ran into some woods a mile or so away.

Here he sat down on a fallen tree and reflected. Should he go

forward to his former home in Ohio or back to his fate? In the

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE 203

Buckeye state he had some land with a house on it. He could escape

there, send for his wife, renounce his Unpopular religion, and live in peace with his neighbors. That was the prospect on the one hand.

On the other hand, there were continued enmity with outsiders, persecution at their hands, unpopularity with the world, maybe death from a rifle shot within a few days at most.

It was a moment fraught with the deepest tragedy. But he answered the question to his own soul by returning to the jail and his

comrades!

This is but one out of many thousand cases that might be cited to show how the "Mormon"people have been tested in the Great

Separator. Time and again have they been forced to show what

mettle of the pasture they were of. During those early days of outward opposition not a "Mormon"but could reacquire the good will

of his former friends and his external peace by renouncing his allegiance to Joseph Smith. Not in effect only, but in words as well, has this

highwayman's challenge been put to their faith: "Your religion or

your life!"Sometimes they have ignobly chosen their "life,"but

generally they have preferred their religion to their life. It is difficult

for us to believe that there have been times in the history of our country when to be a "Mormon"meant to incur the hatred and detestation of the whole American people, to be deprived of political rights that were supposed to be inalienable to American citizenship, and to be associated in the popular mind with all that is undesirable. Yet it

is so.

Now, in this fiery furnace, seven times heated, only the hardier spirits have survived. The rest succumbed to the flame. It is said

that in the neverto-beforgotten handcart company, touching beyond all things else in "Mormon"history, any member of that illstarred group could have died by just lingering behind and giving up. Many

of them did this, but the most of them survived by just not giving up.

And this has been true of members of the Church, especially those who have come up through the tribulation of the early might days—they

have purchased immunity from persecution, loss of property and rights, and the scorn of outsiders by renouncing their belief in miracles and new revelation and the priesthood. They had the courage and fortitude, however, to refuse to do this.

IV "Sons and daughters of the Western pioneers,"exclaims David

Starr Jordan, in an outburst of praise for the men who deal with things, "yours is the best blood in the realm."

The "best blood in the realm"is not that of the social aristocrat, the silkstocking class, the group that traces its lineage back to some landed gentry who acquired their property originally by practicing the burglar's art, or by receiving it through aiding and abetting a 204 IMPROVEMENT ERA

burglar king in some predatory war. Nor is the "best blood"necessarily that which flows through the veins of the rich in rents and interest, whether their wealth came through an inheritance and a life

of ease or through the sweat and tears of the man with the hoe, toiling in the sun. Nor again is that the "best blood"which pulses through

the body of kings, for* these have oftener than not been cruel, unintelligent, even depraved, many of them without a single virtue to recommend them to posterity. The "best blood"is not even in the socalled aristocracy of the intellect, the class that is trained in colleges

and universities, for knowledge is not synonymous with character.

But the "best blood,"on the contrary, is in the men and women who live the life of industry, of honesty, of sobriety, of godliness, and who attempt, however ineffectively, to abide by the Christian rule of that, too, irrespective of whether their lot is cast in theconduct—and

turmoil of the city or in the silence of the farm, whether they work with the hand or with the brain, whether they tread "the paths of glory"or follow the example of the "mute, inglorious Miltons,"of whom the poet speaks. People of this class everywhere constitute the

backbone of nations. Not the accident of birth and environment,

therefore, determines what blood is in a man, but rather the fundamentals of character and habits. The "best blood"is in the "aristocracy of worth."

There is something eternally fascinating in the doings and character of the pioneer, whether he works in the field of thought or of action. He may be pushing his primitive barque out over the "upmounting seas"of the ancients, in search of a new route somewhere, or

he may be shoving out the frontiers of civilization another mile into the wilderness, or he may be cutting out a new segment in the subtle realms of the mind, where no man may follow, except to see the fruits.

It does not matter; none can stand by and look on but with wonderment at the masterful will in man.

No one can read without a feeling of absolute awe the uplifting story of Columbus, who, in spite of the murderous plottings of his ignorant sailors, pursued his way with steadiness of purpose across the unknown seas, sustained only by his indomitable will and the conviction that he had received a divine appointment to seek a new route to the West. Or the story of the Jesuite missionaries to the

world that the great Genoese had laid bare, who, leaving the comforts of the cloister with its books and gardens and quiet life of thought, literally facing martyrdom in the wilderness of the New World, with its entangling jungles, its treacherous streams, and its savage life of ceaseless danger, in order to teach the natives of America the gentleness and peace of Christ and his Good News. Or the story of Pasteur,

working amid all but insurmountable material difficulties and the opposition of the unteachable medical science of his time, but accomplishing nevertheless the greatest revolution during thirty centuries of

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE 20$

medicine and surgery, to the unmeasured blessing of humanity through all generations.

Equally inspiring is the record of those hardy and adventurous spirits, men and women both, who braved the perils of the Western frontiers. Abandoning a life of comparative ease, they took their

ways out to the untrammeled mountains and plains of the West to conquer or to die. With tireless industry they hewed down the forest,

they plowed and sowed and reaped, they erected such dwellings as the materials at hand would allow, they spanned the rivers and creeks with bridges, they built rude highways to connect the towns of a locality, they established schools and chufches, till by slow degrees they brought whatever elements of civilized life existed in the East and planted it securely on the foundation of a new life, to the enrichment of both.

Among those who established Western America, however, the settlers of Utah are easily the outstanding figures, for the reason that, in addition to the usual hardships experienced by the pioneers of the

West in general, there are present in the first settlement of the

Beehive State elements that are not to be found in those of any other Western community.

Like other pioneers of the West the "Mormons"were under the necessity of establishing roads to connect the towns in building. But

they had also to make a road for the most part across the long stretch of uninhabited territory between the Missouri river and the Salt Lake

Basin. They had a similar hardfought contest with nature, wresting

from her reluctant hand a meagre subsistence, happy if the grasshopper and the cricket and the drouth did not lay waste their growing crops.

And then, too, they had their homes to make, their churches and school houses to build, and a civil government to form with power enough to protect them from themselves and others.

All these hardships of primitive life the "Mormons"shared in common with Western pioneers in general. But others they had that

were peculiar.

The country to which they came was about as inhospitable by nature as could be found on the continent. On the maps of the period

it was designated the "Great American Desert."Daniel Webster

described it in a senate speech as "a worthless area, a region of savages and wild beasts, of deserts, of whirlwinds of dust, of cactus and prairie dogs."Utah, as it came to be called, was the driest part of this

region, and Salt Lake valley, where the first settlements were made, was a dreary part of Utah. Indeed, the very soil here refused to respond

to the hand till its thirsty alkali had been quenched by water turned from the canyon streams in canals and ditches. Life in this region

therefore, would necessarily tax more heavily the hardy virtues of the pioneer than in a country where "you had but to tickle the land and it laughed with plenty."

206 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Another thing/ that accentuates the character and accomplishments of the Utah pioneers is their motive in settling here. Early immigrants

to the West almost invariably left their homes eastward because they expected to improve their material condition in the new home. Accordingly, they selected such parts of the country as looked the most

promising from this point of view. Of this fact California is the most

signal instance. With the "Mormons"however, it was different. In

coming West they were seeking a place where they might find, not prosperity, but safety and religious freedom, They sought a spot where they could worship God in their own way without molestation from others. This fundamental right they had been denied in Ohio,

in Missouri, and in Illinois, where they had successively lived. Now,

as love of God is higher than love of gold, so the character of the "Mormon"pioneers rises above that of the pioneers of Western America generally; just as the character and accomplishments of the Puritans of New England were superior to those of the first settlers, say,

of Virginia, not because they suffered they probably more—although

did because their motives were higher. this—but

Nor is this the only indication of the character of the early settlers of Utah. First settlers in any part of America, whether in the

East or in the West, never rose above the log cabin. Certainly they

did not proceed to erect costly edificesThis work they left to their more prosperous children and their children's children. The

Jewish temple at Jerusalem, the wonder and admiration of the age, was built when the Israelites were at the height of their wealth and power.

But the "Mormons"erected a temple in the sagebrush, when they were in dire need of food. In the logcabin period they undertook to

build a million dollar edifice! Not only so. They erected a tabernacle under these circumstances that is still unique and still one of the

greatest auditoriums in the world; and a theatre that for many years

afterwards remained one of the finest in America. This foresight and

enterprise are absolutely without a parallel in history.

Why are we so deeply moved by the spectacle of the pioneer in any cause of moment?

Essentially the reason lies, as already intimated, in the character of the pioneer. Something of fear there is in us all of what lies beyond our bodily ken. Often it amounts to sheer terror. Because the

future lies hidden from our view, it is to the average man fraught with such grave uncertainty as to be faced with dismay. Moreover,

it is the nature of most men toi love the soft places, to wait for things to happen, instead of going out after them. Action requires not only

energy, but effort directed by vision and these qualintelligence—and

ities are possessed! by only superior spirits in life. To the men who

sailed with Columbus on that first voyage, there were both the fear that if they ventured out too far they would fall off, and the terror of the huge sea monsters with which their imagination had peopled the

THE HERITAGE AND PROMISE 207

Atlantic. But the great navigator was lifted above this petty fear

and superstition by his vision and his knowledge. And so he faced the

unknown with a superb faith and courage that challenges our admiration.

Compare the moderns, who live in childless apartment houses;

who run about like mad in mortgaged automobiles; who seek to

"serve"the public in offices gotten too often by false promises and bribery; who wrestle ignominiously with shekels in the countinghouses,

and commit suicide when the balance is on the wrong side; who dish

up in newspaper and magazine private scandal for the delectation of readers with a nose for sensation; who build houses that stand up

only long enough to be sold at twice their value; who, henlike, sit

year after year on dollars and dimes that God never made at all in order to hatch more dollars and dimes; who depict characters and situations for the film that should never be seen outside the filthy mire

in which their prototypes eke out their vile I say, existence—compare,

with these selfseeking and easeloving individuals, with the pioneers of the West, especially of Utah, whose life was cast with the elemental things in the world, as they battled with "the terrible north wind, sighing and sinking his voice as in secret,"the "great stormclouds rolling above them, formless grey daughters of the air"; as they struggled

with the shifting dust of the region where they settled, which they forced to produce only by the supreme effort of diverting the mountain streams into canals and ditches, sometimes actually dug with pick and shovel; as they threaded their way up the steep mountain or through

the deep gorge, to see if the valley beyond might not be made habitable through the same means that had conquered in the mother community;

as they hewed down the trees and shaped them with ax and saw into material for houses and barns that would outlast many generations;

or as, with no thought of discouragement or fear, they visioned the future and provided, not in words alone, but in deeds, larger opportunities for their children than had come to themselves, building in a substantial manner step by step a civilization that could be passed on to others.

Is it any wonder that we instinctively look back through the years and revere the men and women who braved so many dangers without flinching and who builded so securely the foundations of our life? (To be continued)

Maxims The best poems have never been written.

The best oration has never been said.

The best play has never been given.

The best essay has yet to be read.

The best song has yet to be sung.

The best race has yet to be won. E. L. SPRING.

THE RUN-A-WAY BABIES At Christmastide By Lula Greene Richards The Board of Directors of the "White 8 Co. General Merchandise"store in Hazelburg, had a dificult problem on hand which must

be taken care of immediately. That was the reason the faces of those

half dozen strong business men were looking perplexed and fierce almost to danger points as they sat in special council on the morning of December 24.

The year was closing handsomely for them, as far as their financial affairs were concerned. Hard work and wise plans carefully

pushed to completion had brought to the company splendid returns.

They had now the large, wellestablished store, in the business office of which they were now sitting, and two lively branches of the same one sixty miles south in Gleanington, and the other forty miles farther on in Summerville. All three were well equipped and in excellent

running order, with best prospects. Their well doing had not been

for themselves alone but for all with whom they had dealings. So

they had multitudes of friends and, as far as their knowledge extended, not an enemy in the world. What then could be troubling

those worthy men so seriously on the day before Christmas when everyone should be unreservedly hopeful and happy?

Briefly stated, it was this: At a late hour the evening before,

Colonel White, the president of the corporation, had received a special delivery letter from the superintendent of their store in Summerville which conveyed the unthought of intelligence that, on the morning of December 24, said superintendent at the White & Co. store in

Summerville would withdraw from connection with the firm by simply "walking out."No cause for this sudden action was assigned,

no alternative declaration was final, without reserve, mentioned—the

The men felt stunned. What was to be, done?

A large, stout auto rolled into the parking place and stopped in front of the store window where the board sat in council.

"Here's our man! All ready to drive to Summerville and

straighten things up there,"called out a member of the board who was first to recognize the driver of the car as he entered the store with a sprightly step and a smiling face which were good to witness.

Frank Durney was a young man of twentythree who had lived that length of time on earth to excellent advantage. For the last

two yearsthree years he had been an employee of White & Co.—for

a traveling salesman. He had proved himself industrious, economical,

painstaking and trustworthy in all requirements made of him. He

THE RUN-A-WAY BABIES 209

was finelooking, having a splendid physique and a kind, pleasing countenance. Naturally cheerful and agreeable, he was a general favorite and valuable exemplar for all associates, old and young.

The office door stood open and the young man looked in, "What's on hand? Maybe you don't want me here just now,"he

remarked after a simple greeting to all.

"Yes we do want you right now!"the president said emphatically.

"We do! We do!"echoed the others.

"Your coming just now is decidedly opportune,"Colonel White continued, "but how is it you are here this morning when you did not expect to get back before the middle of the week between Christmas and New Years?"

"Just a few extra streaks of our uncommon good luck, Colonel,"answered the salesman cheerily. "I have been particularly favored

in striking good bargains."

"We are particularly glad that you are here. We need you at

Summerville, as soon as you can get there,"replied Colonel White.

"That sounds better than anything else you could have said to as if I may yet have the happy privilege of spendingme—sounds

Christmas! with my blessed mother!"Frank responded, with sudden

elation.

He accepted an invitation to be seated with the board. All

that was known of the hasty withdrawal of the superintendent at

Summerville was explained to him, and he was asked to go at once and take charge of affairs in the store there in his home town, and immediately after the holidays all details would be attended to. His salary

would be more than doubled, of this he was assured.

Certainly the responsibility of the new situation would be very much greater than any he had ever assumed, but, being familiar with the work in all departments of the store, through diligence in seeking to be generally useful and of as great service to his employers as possible, he felt no uneasiness regarding his ability to do justice to the more extended calling. But Frank Durney could scarcely realize

that so wonderful an amount of good fortune was actually being presented to him. He had no language to express the exuberant joy

and gratitude he felt for the marvelous opening which seemed to mean the fulfilment of every wish or desire of his young and ardent soul. He loved work for its own sake. Oh, with what satisfaction

he could do his work now! Not only would he be allowed to

spend his nights, and the brief hours he might call his own, at home with his widowed mother, but very soon he could be able to furnish her almost every comfort her refined and cultured nature could crave.

And there was another interest very strong in his heart which he might before long now hope to venture relating to else.—someone

Of late Frank had come to realize that he was positively ancj 210 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the sweetestgenuinely in love with Elva Coping—unquestionably

girl, the most desirable woman in all the world, so far as he was concerned. She had been a resident of Summerville with her parents

but a short time. But from the hour of their first meeting Frank had

felt himself irresistibly drawn toward Miss Coping and she had undeniably evinced a something more than ordinary bepleasure—he

readily accepting the few small attentions he had foundlieved—in

opportunities of offering her. So his case was by no means hopeless,

yet he had felt insecure over it, for he had learned the girl had passed her twentieth birthday, and she was too attractive, too spontaneous, and vigorous to remain much longer unmarried in a community like their home town, where young men of good repute were plentiful.

And furthermore his most formidable rival was a wealthy young debonair who came frequently from a great city with unmistakable designs of carrying off the charming Elva, as soon as her consent should be won.

With his new thought might dare prospects—Frank swifty—he

to pit himself even against the young man of wealth, and he would be alert about it, nothing should hinder. But there was no time just

then to spend on selfcongratulation, or mental exercise of any sort, except that which would tend to take him quickly to his mother, and then the taking up of the new responsibility before him.

As soon as it was definitely settled that he should go at once and assume the superintendency of the Summerville store Frank started up with his usual promptitude, inquiring, "Does anything need my attention here? Can I do anything for either of you? Is there anything to be taken?"

"Oh, yes!"replied one of the men, "See Roger, he and

the boy are going to Summerville you can help them today—doubtless

in getting else is extra busy and old Roger, you know, off—everyone

is slow and the boy is not quick to catch onto things."

For the next few minutes Frank ga.ve his attention to the arrangement of a truckload of goods which had been ordered too late

for shipment on the morning train from the main store in Hazelburg to the smaller one at Summerville. There was nothing to be left

at the Gleanington a man who had recently located in store—but

that said, had ordered door fastenings, hinges, screws, place—Roger

etc., which he could not get to his liking in the store a there—and

bucket of to be used for the new garage he was building paint—all

and he wanted them left at his place.

"I don't find any safe place to put your box of hinges, screws, etc., Roger,"said Frank, when everything else was loaded in. "Here,

I'll take it for you in my auto. Where does the man live and what

fc his name?"

"He's bought that little new home on the side hill just east of

THE RUN-A-WAY BABIES 211

the church,"said Roger, "and his name is Hyrum Hesper. Now

where'll we put the bucket of paint?"

"Oh, ugh!"Frank sort of gurgled. "I don't think I want to

risk daubing my auto up with that odoriferous stuff! Look here, you

can'hang it at the back of your auto on this hook."

"That I dandy! Oh, you're the fellow who knows can—that's

what's what,"chuckled Roger. Poor Roger, who had been shellshocked in the war and in consequence had been left a little defective

in both sight and hearing. He could run the auto truck all right

boy being generally sent with him for safety.though—a

"I'll see you at the store in Summerville,"Frank called back cheerily as his auto rolled away.

The day was warm and sunny, notwithstanding the time of year, but so short, and the moments sped so rapidly it seemed to

Frank he had scarcely time to begin studying out the new plans to be made in the changed condition of his life when the sixty miles between Hazeburg and Gleanington had been run and he found himself slowing up in front of the new home on the side hill which Roger had mentioned.

"Mr. Hesper?"Frank asked, bowing to a man who was helping

a lady with numerous bundles in her arms to alight from an auto which had just stopped. "Yes, sir,"the gentleman answered, and waited

for further remarks. But there w'ere others present who did not wait

for conversation between the two men, being too eager to learn of things which more directly concerned their own affairs.

"Ve don't vant to ride more now, faver. Ve vant to go in ee

house viv movie!"called out two children in a breath from the auto,

as the father closed the door leaving them inside.

"Mother does not want you now, she wants you to go with father,"Mr. Hesper explained to his babies, feeling he would better

silence them before trying to speak with the visitor. But the children

still clamored until the father told them emphatically, "Be still!"

Then they listened. Noticing that their caller looked upon the children

with interest and an admiring smile, the father explained to him, aside, that their mother had Christmas surprises to arrange for them and had asked him to take them with him as he had other errands to see to.

"Faver, hitch our sled to the auto and let us sleigh ride like we did yesterday,"said the older child, a four and a half year old boy.

And the twoyear old baby girl chimed in "es do!"do—es

But the father said he had not time to let them sleighride that way could go in the garage and play there with their now—they

sled if they wanted to. They said they did want to and were lifted

out of the auto.

Frank then told Mr. Hesper of the box of fixtures he had brought

for the garage. And Mr. Hesper took the box with thanks and carried it to the garage, followed by his babies, Durney looked after them

212 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as he rolled away in his car, with still newer thoughts and possibly higher hopes and aspirations than he had been indulging in before.

What treasures Hyrum Hesper possessed in that wife and those teeming thoughts suggested. How beautiful the womanbabies—his

Elva,was, and her style of beauty was much the same as Elva's—his

that was soon to be! He would ask her that very night, during their

pleasantries at the grand ball of which his mother had written him.

oh, her to be his wife—andHe would tell her of his great love—ask

what happiness would be theirs!

Thus reveling in young manhood's purest and most sacred dreams, Frank speeded over another forty miles, and surprised his mother by rushing into their home and clasping her suddenly in his arms.

It did not take him long to unfold to always "best her—his

delightful story of that day's wonderful good fortunefriend"—the

and happiness for him. And what mother's Christmas could ever be

more glorified by other means than those which bring joy and blessedness to her child, be the child small or large of stature?

After an hour or a little more in which the happy mother and son partook together of refreshments both for body and spirit, Frank said he would go to the store as he wanted to be there when Roger came in. Roger had not arrived when Frank reached the store. He

looked about for some one who could tell him the exact situation of things and was fortunate in finding the former superintendent into whose place he had been so suddenly thrown. That gentleman was

"in a hurry"but took time to admit that his reason for stepping out so hastily was that the opportunity was offered him of taking possession of a| new store where he could better himself immensely, if he could take it on the dot, which he had done without question or waiting for anything. But where was Roger?

After Frank left Roger, at Hazelburg, the latter waited a while for "the boy,"and so was farther behind than he otherwise would have been. At Gleanington the boy again shirked his duty by running

off to see some relatives while Roger drove up to the Hesper home to leave the bucket of paint. There did not appear to be any one at

home to tell him what to do, so Roger turned his auto and ran the back of it into the doorway of the garage, and, slipping the bucket of paint from the hook, placed it at one side of the doorway. Then he

proceeded to fill the water boiler of the auto from a nearby hydrant.

"That boy isn't worth his salt!"Roger growled as he watered

the car. "He should have done all this while I took care of the bucket

of paint. He's a sluggard, that's what he is!"So Roger grumbled

to himself, and did not notice that anything was going on at the back of his car. Something was going on there, very however—something

important. children playing with their sled in the garage saw Two little I

THE RUN-A-WAY BABIES 21)

the man remove the bucket of paint from the hook and set it away.

"See, Eva, see!"called the boy to the baby sister. "See the hook

on the back of the can hitch our sled to it and have a ride car—we

Come on, Eva, let's do it!""Veil, I vill, Hummie."answered the

baby fearlessly. Hummie was her baby way for saying Hyrum.

As sure as the thing was thought of, it was done. The innocent

babies slipped the loop in the end of their sled rope over the hook.

The boy helped the baby into the box on the sled and, getting in himself, arranged the cushion seats so they could be comfortable for their long a ride they did not think. As the truck ride—how

started off the sled ran along evenly after it, and the babies laughed merrily. Interested in what they saw on the way they rode contentedly along, chattering and laughing at little bumps which came as

they glided over rough places, or little splashes of melted snow through which they were whisked.

And Roger,'who went off without waiting for the boy at

Gleanington, because he was not at hand as he should have been, drove peacefully along huming or whistling softly, totally unconscious of the precious freight hauled at the back of his car. A short

distance from the Hesper farm Roger turned off the new road, taking an older and longer one, because he was not liable to meet so many autos and would be safer, he thought. And likely his thought was

right, for no one traveled the old road since the new one was completed. Not an auto passed him all the way from Gleanington to

Summerville.

Frank Durney, waiting outside the store for Roger's arrival, noticed the sled at the back of the car the first thing. Finding in it

two babies fast asleep, he asked anxiously, "What does this mean, children are these?"Roger—whose

"Children!"gasped Roger, "I didn't bring any children—

never saw them before!"don't know a thing about it—no, sir—I

"Some one has played) a trick on you, Roger,"said Frank, "and you have thrust upon you two babies to raise!"

It seemed so ludicrous a joke at first that Roger had to laugh a little, but the serious side of the affair soon took such prominence that the laughing was checked.

"Where have you stopped as you were coming?"Frank asked.

"Haven't stopped anywhere since I called at Hesper's to leave the bucket of paint,"Roger answered.

It was growing dusk. Frank looked at the babies more closely.

saw them with him today when I went there with thechildren—I"Good gracious, Roger!"he exclaimed, "these are Hyrum Hesper's

hinges and things."

Then the whole truth of the matter flashed upon Durney's mind. He recalled the request of the little boy to have his sled

hitched to his father's car, the father's children were to answer—the

214 IMPROVEMENT ERA

exactlyplay in the garage with their sled. Frank saw it all—knew

what had happened.

"Roger,"he said, "these children must be taken home at once those Hespers will be wild over their disappearance."

"I can't take them back now. I'm clear done up. I wouldn't

drive back that forty miles tonight for a million dollars."

"I wouldn't ask you to take them, Roger,"said Frank. "I

shall take them myself if necessary—they must be taken to their

mother! First of all though, I'll phone and let them know their

babies are safe. Stay by them Roger until I am ready to take care of

them."Frank rushed to the 'phone only to hear the startling news that the train had been held up and robbed by bandits between Gleanington and telephone and telegraph wires were Summerville—that

cut in several places between the two towns and poles thrown down, so there was positively no chance for communication with more rapidity than by auto.

Five minutes later Frank stood in his mother's room with the two babies scarcely yet awake. He was telling her the strange things

which had happened, and asked her to feed and care for the little run- a-ways while he attended to a few matters before taking them to their distracted parents.

The exciting, message brought by her son now, so soon after the welcome intelligence he had so recently delighted her with, nearly overcame Mrs. Durney. Of course, she must look to the comfort

of the dear babies and do whatever she could to help in such a time of calamity and general confusion.

"But what about the ball this about Elva?"evening—what

the mother asked, feeling sorrowfully that, after all, her son might lose the principal part of the great good which had seemed almost certainly secured to him but an hour or two ago.

"We must trust and pass those things over, dear mother, at such a time!"Frank answered. "We must not let selfinterest stand in the

way of our doing our best in the common cause of humanity, to alleviate hard luck and suffering for others."

Mrs. Durney felt justly proud of her son at that critical moment.

He had spoken, nobly. She saw that his face was very white. She

knew that the finest, tenderest cords of his sensitive heart were being drawn to their utmost intensity. But she also knew that he could

not fail in the dutiful purpose he had determined to carry through.

A millionaire that evening might succeed in winning away from her boy the woman whose love would mean more to him at that time of his life than the whole world without it. What of it, so long as it

could not touch nor tarnish the native trueness of her son's character?

She said nothing more, but taking in hand the two babies who stood looking and enough, without the wondering—strangely

THE RUN-A-WAY BABIES 215

mother put her arms around her big,sign of whine or whimper—the

strong boy and then made preparations for the safe and speedy return to home and parents of those wonderful and delightfully heroic run- a-way babies.

As Frank started off with them snugly tucked away in his car he thought of the graceful and singularly attractive mother, with her load of Christmas surprises for them entering the home as he had seen her. What had been her anguish a short time later at the discovery that

her babies were not to be found anywhere about the place? He

quickened the speed of his car as much as he could with safety.

The Christmas tree in the Hesper home was being decorated exquisitely by one of the happiest mothers to be found, when her husband came to her, having completed his business around town.

"Don't let the babies come in here now, Hyrum!"was the

mother's greeting.

"I supposed they would have come in to you before now,"

Hyrum answered, "they objected to riding with me any longer and

I left them to play in the garage."

"I have not seen nor heard anything of they still them—are

in the garage?"the mother questioned somewhat anxiously.

"No, they are not there now, and I did not notice their sled as I ran the car in,"answered the father with a voice of concern.

The Christmas tree received no further attention at that time.

Everything was put aside but a diligent search through and around the house and then the whole premises, by two distressed parents for two missing babies. The little sled being gone, tracks of it were looked

for, but as the snow was entirely melted and the ground hard about the garage, no traces of it were discovered.

The whole neighborhood was soon aware of the terrible fact that the Hesper babies were lost, and many volunteer searchers laid aside their festive preparations to engage in the general hunt.

Then came the alarming news of the train robbery, and it was discovered that communication between Gleanington and Summerville was cut off.

With the terrifying thought that the heartless bandits must have stolen her babies, the overwrought mother almost collapsed.

She was persuaded to remain with kindly women who did their best to console and strengthen her.'And that is where she was when Frank

Durney drove up to her house with her babies which had been lost but were found.

The light of the winter moon and the light from his auto made a picturesque scene of the young man with the run-a-way babies in his arms, as he stood on the Hesper doorstep. In answer to his ring the

door was opened by a weeping woman. With a cry of astonished

gladness the woman caught the children out of Frank's arms and 216 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rushed with them like a will-o'-thewisp into the room where their mother was mourning for them with inexpressible grief. Frank

thought at first it was the mother herself who had taken the babies from him; but the talk in the other room soon convinced him that it

was not. The door between the two rooms was left open and he

heard distinctly what was said as he stepped inside the front door. The

one womatn only had been left to watch with Mrs. Hesper and the

conversation the young man heard after the mother's wild exclamations of delight upon receiving her lost darlings was this: The mother asked,

their father returned?""Who brought them, sister—has

"No, Hyrum has not come, but someone else I has—someone

have been longing to I know now that I love with all see—someone

my heart. Oh, sister, to think he should have been permitted to

find and bring back to us our dear, lost lambs, our babies!"

is "Well, where is not bring he—and who he—sister? Why

him in and let him tell us all about it?"

"Oh, of course, I must I I should have done it at once, but it was so wonderful to see him, and I was so a sight excited—what

at my hair!"I am anyhow—look

"Never mind, sister, he will excuse your looks at such a time do bring him in and let us thank him!"

The woman who had snatched the babies from Frank came back to him now. Her face, though tearstained, was radiant with sudden

happiness and glorified with the spontaneous revelation of fresh young love. He knew now it was his own Elva and that she was sister to

the mother of his newest little run-a-way babies. friends—the

Neither of those young people could speak as they stood looking into each other's faces, but Elva broke the spell by doing what Frank's mother had recently done. She put her arms around him and was

tenderly clasped in his. They understood each other.

A Few Thought Gems

Make a lie as rare a thing as perpetual motion.

Prefer bare feet and empty pockets to an empty brain.

What rights have you that others should be deprived of?

If you cannot see it: Ladies first, in company, stay at home.

A bare head is no disgrace if the brain is covered with knowledge.

Powder adds to the complexion what smoke adds to daylight, an imperfect vision.

An evil eye and a lying tongue may canker the heart, fellon the brain and bring the soul to decay.

If beauty were to be judged by the powder on the face, it would be too common to be appreciated.

Fairview, Utah. E. S. HOWELL

Photo by C. W. Carter.

A train of immigrants, on the way to Salt Lake City, camped on the Weber, near

Coalville, Utah, 1865, some sixty years ago.

BUILDING OF THE UTAH CENTRAL

- A Unique Cooperative Enterprise

By Gustive O. Larson, Principal of the Latterday Saints

Seminary, Richfield, Utah In the spring of 1868 it was evident that the Union Pacific Railroad would not pass through Salt Lake City. The Union Pacific,

building from the east, and the Central Pacific, building from the west, had virtually entered into a race, as they neared each other, each attempting to lay as many miles of track as possible. The memorable

driving of the Golden Spike occurred at Promontory on the 10th of

March, 1869. But Salt Lake City, the most important community

center in the intermountain country, lay nearly forty miles from the nearest railroad center. To bridge this gap, and bring to Salt Lake

City the immediate benefits of the railroad, was the aim in building the

Utah Central.

To view the launching and the completion of this enterprise in true light it will be helpful to locate a setting, in the attitude of the "Mormon"people towards the coming of the railroad into the west.

This attitude can be clearly read in the official expressions from the people and in their active support. On March 3, 1852, the first Utah

Territorial legislature memorialized Congress to aid in every way the construction of a railroad to the Pacific. On January 14, 1854, after

active surveying of routes had commenced, another memorial strongly suggested that the route pass through Provo canyon instead of Weber, thus bringing the railroad around the south end of the lake. Early in

1868, when bids were received for the construction of the western end of the Union Pacific, Brigham Young personally took the contract 218 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for the construction of fiftyfour miles of the most difficult portion of the road, that from Echo canyon to the Salt Lake valley. Mr.

L. O. Leonard, historian of the Union Pacific system says:

"There was no other contractor of responsibility who wanted or who could take it. There was no other source from which men could be drawn

in sufficient numbers to do the work. After an examination of the records,

occupying the greater part of a year, it is evident that the Union Pacific railroad would not have been completed for several years without the active support which it received from the 'Mormon'church."

But it was a keen disappointment to the people of Utah that

Salt Lake City was left "out in the cold,"as Brigham Young said later in a railroad mass meeting. The "Mormon"contractors on the main

line had contributed heavily toward its building only to find that both the Union and Central Pacific would pass them by.

Photo by C. W. Carter

The Utah Central Railroad Station, Ogden, Utah, looking east, as it appeared in 1870. Just to the right and south was the old Keeny house, and further

south about one half block the old Union Pacific Railroad Station was located. The Oregon Short Line, (formerly the Utah Central and

Utah and Northern), the Union Pacific, and the Rio Grande Western are now under one roof, an elegant structure, replacing a former station which was destroyed by fire in February, 1923. (See frontispiece and page 226.)

Immediately upon this realization the legislature of the Territory of Utah passed "an act providing for the incorporation of railroad companies and the management of the affairs thereof"(Feb. 12,

1869). This act provided that the incorporating body, which must

not be less than ten in number, must include twothirds residents of the territory. One thousand dollars per mile must be subscribed

by the stockholders and ten per cent paid in cash to the treasurer.

BUILDING OF THE UTAH CENTRAL 219

On March 2nd the initiatory meeting was held to organize in conformity with the law. This was called and attended by men of

influence who were interested in a branch line from Ogden. At the

meeting stock subscriptions exceeded the requirements of the territorial act. On March 8 the Utah Central Railroad Company was organized.

The Deseret News announced, on the 10th:

"On Monday last a meeting in connection with the branch railroad between Ogden and this city was held in the office of President Brigham

Young. Articles of association were read, adopted, and personally subscribed

to by the stockholders present. The following gentlemen were elected a

board of directors: Brigham Young, William Jennings, Feramorz Little,

Christopher Layton, and Daniel H. Wells. At a subsequent meeting of the

board, Brigham Young was elected president; William Jennings, vicepresident; Jos. A. Young, general supt; John Sharp, asst. supt.; Jesse W.

Fox, chief engineer; John W. Young, secretary; and D. H. Wells, treasurer.

"The treasurer was authorized and directed to open books and receive subscriptions to the capital stock. A committee of three was elected to draft

bylaws. The general superintendent and chief engineer were directed to

proceed at once to locate the road."

In the meantime the main transcontinental line began to operate between the East and the West. On April 1, The News announced

that, "Wells Fargo and Co.'s coaches commenced to run north from

this city, this morning, to connect with the Union Pacific railroad about three miles this side of Ogden City."Subsequently, on April 22, appeared the announcement that Congress had decided the contest between

the Union and the Central Pacific companies ordering that Ogden be the terminal of the companies.

But railroad building involves more than incorporating of companies and the appointing of officers. Capital must be forthcoming

to provide the means of construction. Experience in construction is

necessary. Fortunately the "Mormons"had taken active part in the

building of the Pacific railroad. Camps had been established at various points under the direction of some of the men whose experience

now proved helpful in the building of the branch line. Contracts,

amounting to very large sums, had been completed by these men. Lack

of funds, however, prevented settlement on the part of the Union

Pacific company. Much dissatisfaction was occasioned by this inability

to secure payment, and led in some instances to suit against the company by non- "Mormon"creditors.

A committee was appointed by the Church, consisting of Bishop

John Sharp, Elder John Taylor, and Hon. Jos. A. Young, to arrive

at some agreement with the Union Pacific Company. These men went

to Boston and pressed their claims on Dr. Durant, vicepresident of

the company, and some of his associates. An important feature of the

settlement was the acceptance by the Utah men of $600,000 in rail and rolling stock. These men, as well as Brigham Young, realized

the importance of connecting Salt Lake City with the transcontinental 220 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Photo by C. W. Carter

Showing part of the first train that arrived in Salt Lake City from Ogden, January'10, 18 70. Note the man with the cape on, an article of clothing commonly

used at that time.

line at Ogden. This material, to be supplied by the Union Pacific,

would make possible the local line.

On May 1 7, the first ground was broken for the Utah Central

Railroad. At the ceremonies all the officials of the company were

present except Jos. A. Young who was in the East on business connected with the road. The News received, in part, the following message over the Deseret Telegraph line:

"Ogden, May 17. At 10 o'clock this morning President (Brigham) Young

broke the first ground for the Utah Central Railroad near Weber River immediately below Ogden City. * * * After a few remarks President Young cut

the first sod, observing that it was customary to use a pick in breaking the first ground, but he believes in using a tool the best adapted to the soil.

President (George A.) Smith then dedicated the ground for a railroad, praying

that nothing might be wanting to complete it; asking blessings on the president

and the officers * * * that the work might be speedily accomplished. President Young then removed the first sod, followed by President Smith and

(Daniel H.) Wells, W. Jennings, Esq., and others cutting sod."

Grading work commenced on the west bank of the Weber river just below the city of Ogden. Much enthusiasm was manifested by the

builders, and it was expected that by the October conference visitors from the northern town would be able to ride to Salt Lake City on steam trains. No large contracts were let. It was determined that

the road should be built by the people as far as possible. Small contracts for grading in local sections distributed the work quite uniformly

along the line and added an element of friendly competition. This is

BUILDING OF THE UTAH CENTRAL 221

evident in news items that appeared from time to time under the caption, "Progress of the U. C. R. R."We read in The News of June 9:

"To meet the increased demand for work it has been determined to let out an additional five miles of grade on the Utah Central to citizens of

Weber county, thus making a total of fifteen miles of road bed that will be graded by them.

"We learn that Captain Green Taylor of the fourth district, established his grading camp on the line of the Utah Central Railroad about noon yesterday. He claims that his was the first camp on the ground and confidently told our informant that he and his stalwart party would finish their

contract this week."

In the fall when preparations were being made for tracklaying another News item stated:

"P. Barton, Esq., just returned from Kaysville, informs us that the

enterprising bishop and citizens of that settlement are pushing the work ahead with a vim on the three miles of grading they have contracted to do for the Utah Central Railroad, and are determined tht no one shall have to say that they had to wait for Kaysville."

its conAn interesting feature of this railroad construction was tact with another singular provision of cooperation in the Church known as the Perpetual Immigration Fund. Converts from foreign

lands who desired to come to Utah and had no means to cross the plains, were in many instances advanced transportation costs from a revolving fund. This was to be paid back as soon as opportunity

afforded and was used in turn to aid others to make the journey.

Often immigrants found it difficult to pay off their indebtedness for extended periods. Many found opportunity to discharge the obligation by working with the Utah Central construction forces. The

enterprise proved a Godsend to a considerable number of these.

Brigham Young, as president of the company, needed additional labor and gladly made provisions for assuming their indebtedness to the "Fund."Father and sons of many families worked together to

pay off their emigrating expenses and often when giving service beyond their indebtedness would receive in return for their labor, some of the tools with which they worked, such as wagons, wheelbarrows, shovels, etc. Thus is many cases transportation to Zion was paid for by

aiding transportation developments within Zion.

President Young, accompanied by W. Jennings, vicepresident

of the U. C. R. R., Feremorz Little, director, and J. A. Young,

superintendent, left Salt Lake on June 10 to determine the exact route to be, taken by the road. The News of June 11. gives an interesting

account of an equally interesting occurrence:

"At Hot Springs the party was met by representatives from Bountiful,

Centerville, Farmington, and Kaysville. During the day the road was

definitely located from Hot Springs to Kaysville. * * * The track at

Hot Springs will first run along the present lower wagon road cutting through the farm of Daniel Wood, Esq., a little to the west of his residence,

222 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Photo by C. \V. Carter

The Jennings emporium, southwest corner of First South and Main streets,

Salt Lake City, in 1868, reconstructed and at present occupied by the Utah State

National Bank. As you pass by there, in 1925, note the difference in the motor

power and vehicles parked on Main street, and then continues northward at a short distance west of Bountiful and

Centerville. At Farmington. the inhabitants were at fi.st anxious to have

the track located at some considerable distance from the settlement, but at last preferred to have the railroad go to Farmington rather than have Farmington obliged to go to the railroad. The track will continue to run on the

bottom roads between the Great Salt Lake and the settlements until it reaches Kaysville."

The remainder of the road to Ogden was located on the following day.

An editorial by President G. A. Smith comments at some length

on the method followed by President Young in consulting the wishes of the people and the local bishops in locating the road. Referring

to differences that appeared at Bountiful, he says:

"President Young before fully deciding upon this point for the depot called upon Bishop Stoker and the people of Bountiful to express their feelings. From Bountiful the party proceeded to Centerville where a point

about a quarter of a mile from the town was chosen for the depot in the same manner as at Bountiful; the people's wishes, as well as those of the

owners of the land, being consulted."

The concluding paragraph summarizes the spirit of the whole enterprize:

"President Young and other officers of the U. C. R. R. have taken

the right method to secure good feelings. Probably their course is unexampled

in the history of railroad building. But the U. C. R. R. is not being built

BUILDING OF THE UTAH CENTRAL 223

by a company solely to make money for its own benefit, but for the good of the people and country. And it is desirable that whatever is necessary to

make that scheme, a success shall be done by the common consent of all concerned."

The work was pushed forward as rapidly as possible. A large

number of men and teams were constantly at work. Under the

direction of General Fox and F. Little piles were driven and a bridge

thrown across the Wejber river. This was ready for the rails by Sept.

1 6, when nine carloads of iron and one carload of spikes were expected

Photo by C. W. Carter

A winter view of the.west side of Main street, Salt Lake City, south

of the Deseret News building, just before the arrival of the Utah Central,

December, 1869.

at Ogden. The switch at that city was finished and grading rapidly

being completed.

Then followed track laying. On Sept. 14 John W. Young, assisted by Bishop E. F. Sheets, was organizing a party of track layers

with which to begin laying the rails. It was to commence operations

at Ogden immediately on organization. It was arranged that the

Union Pacific cars should run on the new tracks distributing the rails as needed. On Sept. 22, tracklaying commenced in charge of

Mr. Young assisted by seventy men. The rate of a half mile

per day in tracklaying was increased by the end of the year to two miles per day. President Brigham Young and the other Utah Central

officials, witnessed the first locomotive run along the track of the branch railroad on Oct. 14. It crossed over the Weber bridge dragging

in its wake, fifteen cars loaded with iron and ties. The delight of

these officials received comment in the local newspaper.

224 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"President Young, and the other gentlemen who returned with him, speak with much pleasure of the gratification the sight of the first locomotive on the first road, built and owned by the people of this territory, gave them, which argued so much for the future wellbeing of Israel."

President Young and Hons. John Taylor and Jos. A. Young

rode from Kaysville to Ogden and return by rail on Nov. 16; and

early in December, the company advertised in The News that the road would be open for freight and passenger service from Ogden to Farmington after Dec. 6, 1869. The interest of the Salt Lake residents

became more intense as the end of the line crept nearer and nearer upon them. When it reached Hot Springs an interesting crowd began

to gather, arriving in every conceivable vehicle, to witness the art of

Photo by C. W. Carter

Southwest corner Main and Twentyfourth streets. Ogden, Utah. To the right the

Z. C. M. I. building site, now occupied by the Ecdes building. Immediately

south was Child ft Son, merchants, and next to that, W. H. Wright ft Sons,

now the occupants of the modern department store across the street north. The

tall building down the street was Driver ft Sons Drug Store, all as they appeared in 18 75, fifty years ago.

tracklaying. This shifting crowd escorted the enterprise to its

terminal.

On Monday, Jan. 10, 1870, just ten months after the completion of the transcontinental line, the completion of the Utah Central

was celebrated. The city council appointed a committee on Jan. 4, to

make preparations for the event. It was regarded as a landmark in

the development of Utah. The eventful day was cold and cloudy.

But this seemed to have little effect on the thousands who gathered to witness the driving of the last spike. Besides the local church, territorial, and railroad officials, representatives from the Union and

BUILDING OF THE UTAH CENTRAL 225

the Central Pacific companies were present. Governor Stanford of

California telegraphed regrets at not being able to be present.

At 2 o'clock p. m., the last spike was driven by President Brigham

Young. Both the mallet and the spike was made by James Lawson

in the Church blacksmith shop and were inscribed with the sentiment, "Holiness to the Lord,"and U. C. R. R. In his remarks President

Young, as well as the following speakers, called attention to the unique features of the enterprise. "We are in debt to none but our own

people,"he said, and then after expressing appreciation to the Union and

Central Pacific companies, he said, "If they had paid us according to agreement, this road would not have been graded and this track not laid today."His view of the enterprise was expressed in the words,

"Not for individual benefit, but it is an aid to the development of the whole country."His remarks were followed by a salute of cannon

for each of the 3 7 miles of track.

Hon. Jos. A. Young referred to the accusation that the "Mormons"wished to be exclusive. The Utah Central, he observed, was

an invitation to the North, the South, the East and the West. He

hoped that the last spike of this road now completed would be the first of the next road. Colonel Carr, representing the Union Pacific,

congratulated the people of Utah Territory on the accomplishment of so much with so little means and so few advantages. He said:

"The U. C. R. R., although only thirty -seven miles in length, is

perhaps the only railroad west of the Mississippi that has been built entirely without government subsidies; built solely by money wrung from the soil

which we used to consider a desert."

Chief Engineer Morris, of the Central Pacific, said that in his fifteen years of railroad experience he had never before known of a road but that capital had contributed the money and the responsibility had fallen on the nation or state.

President Young, on the evening of Jan. 10, sent the following

telegram: congratulate you on the "To all Saints throughout the territory—We

completion of the U. C. R. R. The last rail laid and the last spike driven

at 2 p. m. today. Many thousands were present to witness the ceremonies.

Two engines and a number of cars, including two palace cars from the Union acand Central Pacific railroads, were in attendance. Fine celebration. No

cident. Grand ball will be given at the theatre tonight. Love and peace

abide with you."

(Signed) "Brigham Young."

It is not within the scope of this article to consider the effect of this enterprise. Such, however, is emphatically suggested in the

concluding words of The News'editorial commenting on the achievement: It would bring more people, good and bad, "but the results we

fear not, believing that the advantages that will accrue therefrom will far outweigh any disadvantages that can possibly arise. The days

thank God for it."of isolation are now forever past.—We

Q * <u B J3 60c *s - o\ g a G a "* > t; c.2.5 -""

O H i< 5.2 rt o aa -t; o -—2

X.9. s—>2 o S

0i:* -a -s rt -S "E - 60 rt O

o.- rt 60C 3O * n "O <=>- O 2 to

1 1 1 S "2 a, 3 a.o J3—15 O

U - -= 3 S T3 s

Jl i 3 C o a b.?i,.=5 -oo.2H a

J= a o 5 * "O3 h p O - -a * i5.

2H 3O 4? 2 rte o, o a

bo u-, O"jj 2 -5 s.s E

E *. 3 C -O 3 60 P & fi 2 O *J (q 60 w M* K? > 2 60 o U 'C a3

T3 s Mo tu 2 rtE

: 6o I"5 - S in

B, fe rt M "O "o -o o- o 2 d > P JJ 5"w C J3 C

. Tl. n S C jn

- '5 <* - 2 a cc, CQ 0.2-

-o!3—2 g 3 iS E

>* *""c w.2 u& -a—O.2 T)c 'Crt zrt o J2

o 2 a J3 "S rt S 2 o—E

-c*J s? >Hc 2 C

n-gcrtS *"d,—Q, 60. "O

= W J rt.S < B

, -60 tJ'-B——".2 S"B S "2 M >J2"51

!S - *j<-> ovu- 3 'C w "-J; - '"3—u-tNiraooOa."5

BUILDING OF THE UTAH CENTRAL 227

All tb south wing upstairs is occupied by railroad operating forces; the north

wing by the superintendent, telephone exchange, claim agent, telegraph office and telegraph printer room. The steam heating plant is located 600 feet from the station

across the tracks to the west, the heat being conveyed through underground tunnel.

The latest modern systems of heating and ventilating have been adopted in the building.

All the wiring is coveyed in about six miles of conduits. The building will consume

approximately 64,000 watts electric current. The waiting room is lighted by three

large chandeliers, containing 130 round, frosted bulbs each, and they are suspended from the ceiling by oxidized wire ropes and cost $1200 each. Outside of the two

main entrance from the city side are two lantern chandeliers of similar style. At the

celebration, the speakers expressed confidence in the future growth of Ogden, and referred to the prophetic vision of Brigham Young as proved when he donated five acres of ground to the railroad.

Note: A free rightof-way for the Utah Central Railroad was obtained

by A. M. Musser, acting as its agent for that purpose. This right was

paid for later when the railroad became firmly established. On Jan. 19,

1870, Mr. Wheeler, from the committee on the Pacific railroad, reported in

the House of Representatives a bill referring to this matter. It granted the

Utah Central Railroad Company a rightof-way through public lands for the construction of a railroad and a telegraph. The bill was read twice and

ordered to be printed.

BIBLIOGRAPHY The Deseret Evening News—1868, 18 69,, 1870.

Bancroft, History of 28, page 75 6. Utah—Chap.

26, pages 362-3. Tullidge, Life of Brigham Young—Chap.

Whitney, History of II, chaps. 21, 22. Utah—Vol.

1922. page 10. The Union Pacific Magazine—May,

History of Union Pacific Railroad, issued by the U. P. Co., 1919

page 11.

Compiled Acts, Resolutions, and Memorials of the Territory of Utah—

page 225. 202, 1876 compilation. Compiled Laws of Utah—Page

Richfield, Utah.

Encouragement

Why should I worry, why should I care,

When joy and happiness are everywhere?

Why should I sorrow, why should I fear;

When the treasure of happiness is always so near?

I sin, Why should I fret, why should

When the power of virtue is hidden within?

There is never a loss without a gain,

Never a drouth without a rain!

Whether you're happy or whether you're blue

Rests entirely and only with you.

So, cheer up, friends, cast your troubles away,

And let's be happy at least for today.

-Sandy, Utah jACK EGBERT THE INDIANS OF THE ANTILLES By Anna Musser

Before the great ships of Hagoth were launched in the western sea, Lanianites as well as Nephites had undoubtedly been experimenting with seacraft. The less civilized people at length began migrating

to the islands of the Gulf of Mexico. They kept up practically no

communication with the continent.

Gold plates give us no account of this journey. Tradition concerning it has disappeared as have the log canoes. But there is a

stone record of the lives of the migrants, a series of still undeciphered plates.

In the burial caves, shell heaps, and kitchen middens of the

West Indies have been found numerous stone mortars and pestels, amulets and idols, dishes, pottery stamps, axes, celts, and chisels, as well as a great variety of problematical objects. Pottery and wood,

bone, and shell manufactures are scant and fragmentary. Dr. Walter

J. Fewkes began an investigation of these antiquities about ten years

ago and his report has since been published as a volume of the thirtyfourth annual report of the American Bureau of Ethnology. I have

drawn most of my material from this work and from T. A. Joyce's

Central American and West Indian Archaeology.

There are no great buildings in the Indies and no metal work has been discovered, but the stone manufactures are skilfully wrought and some finely polished.

Whether the migration occurred before or after the advent of

Christ, the islanddwellers had forgotten the continent and developed a very distinct culture by the time of their discovery.

Apparently before the time of Columbus there had been three nations in the West Indies. The oldest was a primitive cavedweller

type which had not wholly disappeared when the Spanish began exploring the islands. Then there was an agricultural people, the

Tainans. These were peaceful and generous and "too timid to fight,"

according to Columbus. There was also a warrior people, the Caribs,

who came from northern South America and moved steadily northward, invading island after island, reaching Porto Rico by the time the Spanish came. They killed the Tainan men and kept the women

as slavewives. Then these women of the vanquished race conquered

their captors in a measure by teaching their children much of the

Tainan culture. This is the testimony of the stone record.

The cavedwellers left very few clues to their civilization. Their

stone manufactures and pottery are too scant to show any general type. Living on a meagre fortuitous food supply and unavailingly

fortifying themselves against invading civilizations, these people reTHE INDIANS OF THE ANTILLES 229

treated finally to the island caves of Cuba and other northerly islands.

They buried their dead in these caves. After the coming of the

Spanish they disappeared entirely.

The Greater Jamaica, Haiti, and Porto Rico Antilles—Cuba,

are the typically Tainan islands. The Tainan stock may have come

originally from South America as it seems to have been fundamentally like the Carib which was certainly from the Orinoco valley. Still

Dr. Fewkes says that the antiquities of the Greater Antilles show

a marked relationship to the civilization of Central America and none or very little to that of North or South America.

The most important thing to the Tainan's life was the yucca plant from whose roots cassava bread was made. So Tainan philosophy was centered in the cultivation of this plant. The powerful

gods were Mamona or Mother Earth, Yucayu, lord of winds and rain,

Ma Boya, the great sun god, and Guabansex, a goddess to whom they prayed for rain. The welfare of the yucca crop must have been the

fundamental motive in most of the religious ceremonies, and must have prompted the manufacture of many of the enigmatical stone objects.

The yucca was a special gift from heaven, says a tradition found in the Dominican island and possibly once current in all the islands. According to this legend the people were once poor savages and lived

as beasts. "Whilst they were in this miserable condition an old man among them, extremely weary of that brutish kind of life, wept most bitterly, and, overwhelmed with despair, deplored his wretched condition, whereupon a man all in white appeared to him descending from heaven, and coming near, he comforted the disconsolate old man, telling him that he was come to assist him and his countrymen, and to shew them the way to lead a more pleasant life for the future; that if any of

them had sooner made his complaint to heaven they had been the sooner relieved."

The glorious personage then proceeded to teach the old man how to use the things heaven had provided for the people's welfare.

He said: "That on the seashore there was an abundance of sharp stones, wherewith they might fell down trees to make houses for themselves;

and that the palm and plantain trees bore leaves fit to cover the roofs of them, and t0 secure them against the injuries of the weather; that

to assure them of the particular care he had of them and the great affection he bore their species, beyond those of other creatures, he had brought them an excellent root wherewith they might make bread, and that no beast should dare to touch it when it was once planted, and that he would have them thenceforth make that their ordinary sustenance."

The resplendent visitor suggests Quetzalcoatl, the "Fair God"of Central America, Quetzalcoatl who brought the Aztecs to a knowl230 IMPROVEMENT ERA

edge of peace and civilized art, which has been supposed to be tradition's counterpart of Christ.

Further relationship to Central America is shown in the veneration of the serpent. Representations of serpents are very markedly

frequent in Central American art and Quetzalcoatl means literally

Feathered Serpent. Ma Boya, the great sky god of the West Indies,

means Great Serpent. Bonael, Son of the Serpent, was an important

god in the Indies.

But the Tainan's gods were not merely these of tradition common among the Lamanites. Failing, as his fathers had failed to

know the Christ of Nephi's preaching, he studied out his own version of God as he tended the yucca fields and patiently ground stones into tools.

In addition to the mortars and pestles, the celts for digging and scraping and other household necessaries, the people made stone amulets which warriors bound to their foreheads, "zemis,""collars,""elbow stones,"and "threepointed idols."

Stone zemis were queer ltitle figures representing natural forces, guardian deities of clans, families, or individuals, deified ancestors, or other influential entities. Zemis were also made of wood, cotton, and

bones. Joyce gives this account from an early writer:

"Sometimes when an Indian is traveling at night he sees a tree which appears to move in an uncanny manner. In fear he will stop

and ask it who it is. The tree tells him to call a priest to whom to

give directions. The priest comes and makes offerings, and then

formally asks its name and whether it desired to be cut and trimmed to form a zemi. It is then carved in accordance with its instructions,

and installed in a special hut where ceremonies are performed in its honor several times in the year."

Stone collars are rings, massive or slender, apparently patterned after a hoop made of a forked branch. They may have been used

for some kind of tree worship or for inclosing and holding captive a spirit. The elbow stones look something like fragments of collars,

but they show distinctive type features in their design. According to

early historians, the threepointed stone idols represent agricultural deities, little rain gods, spirits of various kinds who were interested in corn and cassava. These types of stones seem to have been purely

for decoration or ceremony, and their abundance, together with their symbolic carvings, attest the prominence of religious life among the

Tainans.

At length, in a land far to the sunrise, a land of swordmakers and citydwellers, "the Spirit of God,"according to Nephi's vision, "came down and wrought upon"a certain man that he crossed the sea and found the new Old World. Then the Tainan villages were opened up

to a goldhungry race of godlike fairness, and that was the end c

Tainan civilization.

THE INDIANS OF THE ANTILLES 231

But the peace of the Indies had been broken into some time before the Spanish came.

"And it came to pass that they came down upon the north of the land of Shilom, with their numerous host, men armed with bows and with arrows, and with swords, and with cimeters, and with stones and with slings; and they had their heads shaved that they were naked;

and they were girded with a leathern girdle about their loins."

Descendants of such as these warriors bore down upon the

Tainans. They were the Caribs, a nomad nation from whose name

cannibal is said to have been derived. They had much better weapons

than did their victims, but fewer mortars are found in Carib islands.

Also, the Tainan types of ceremonial stones are lacking. However,

there is a great variety of problematical stone strange little objects—a

owl with bulging frog's eyes and stubby wings; a rayfish, very much

like the owl, with the mouth of an octopus or a thicklipped wine jar wreathed in yarn roses; an impressionistic rabbit, legless and tailless,

bounding over a cubified haywagon; and besides these, countless

knobbed, grooved, spiraled bits of stone. What symbolism these

fantasies hold is of immense importance in revealing the mind and hand that fashioned them.

Although they fought fiercely against the Spanish, Caribs as well as Tainans were finally all but exterminated. Today they are

represented by a few little colonies in the interior of Dominica Island.

These have lost the ferocity of their fathers in acquiring peaceful arts, but their language is thought to approximate closely the ancient Carib tongue.

Ninetenths of the population of the Indies is now negro, but many Carib folktales, and place names, survive in some form, while Voodoo priests and Obia men use in their ceremonies the old stone celts of the vanished race.

Inspiration of Zion National Park

Oh, Zion, sublime, immortal;

We have entered thy portals, Thy portals made sacred By thy godliness;

For thy soul speaks Of Him who made thee, And fashioned thee In infinite grandeur;

heads bared in reverence, So—with

And eyes wet with tears of penitence,

We gaze upon thy face In sweet humility;

And the still small Voice Within us speaks, saying, "God help us to live a better life."

La Verkin, Utah. CAMILLA W. JUDD.

HEROES OF SCIENCE By F. S. Harris and N. I. Butt, of the Brigham Young

University

7. Mendel Farmers, gardeners and stock men are constantly striving to improve the types of plants and animals they produce. Formerly improvement was very slow because the laws on which it was based were

not known. Now that many of the fundamental principles of breeding are known it is becoming less difficult for farmers to make the

muchdesired progress in crop and stock improvement. New varieties

of grains, fruits, and vegetables are being devolped from less desirable types so that crop failures are less frequent, quality is improved, and yields are greater. In our gardens we now have beautiful flowers

which were unkown a generation ago. When we wish to breed rabbits, or sheep, or chickens we can secure nearly the sort we wish if we

apply the latest principles of breeding.

Gregor Mendel, who was born in 1822, was the man who first discovered one of the fundamental principles by which characters are transmitted from one generation to another. He began life with less

opportunity than the average American boy has today; he belonged

to the lower class or peasantry of Austria, but in Austria during his time, as in America today, those who work hard enough advance in spite of obstacles. Mendel was studious and decided to enter the ministry in an Austrian monastery.

Many of the monks in the monasteries did little outside of the daily routine, but Mendel was an exception. He loved nature and

taught many of his students to appreciate the hand of God in the world about him as well as in the Holy Scriptures.

In the garden of the monastery Mendel had noticed a great difference in the growth of plants. Some of them were tall; seed from

these produced nothing but tall plants, whereas seed from some of the small plants produced nothing but small ones. Being a deep student,

Mendel knew that God created the world so that everything acts according to a definite law, even though man does not always understand the law. Seeing an opportunity to help man "gain dominion over the

earth"Mendel planned an extensive series of experiments.

About a century and a half before Mendel's work began, nature students had discovered that plants have male and female organs the same as animals. It occurred to this investigator that if he removed the

sex organs of plants which he did not wish to be reproduced he could discover the laws of breeding. This he did during a period of eight

years, the plants being as carefully mated as animals might be in a

HEROES OF SCIENCE 233

like experiment. The record of each plant was kept the same as we

keep genealogical records.

When the results of the tests were brought together one of the great secrets of breeding was revealed to Mendel. Where unlike individuals were mated, there seemed to be great confusion in the characters of the product. His problem was to discover the laws underlying

the results that might be expected from these crosses. When he considered only the inheritance of a single factor such as color in sweet

pea blossoms, he found the problem very simple. Instead of the cross

being a blend between the colors of two, it was the color of one or the other of the parents. But even though a red blossom apparently disappeared in the purple one with which it was bred, the red character

was still present in hidden form, and would reappear in a future generation if properly bred. The mixing and separating out of the characters was found to follow definite mathematical laws so that if we

know which characteristics, such as purple and red in sweet peas, are mated we can tell what to expect in the first, second and succeeding generations. Characters act as units instead of blending into each

other.

After Mendel had proved that this is what happens he gave a lecture on it to a scientific society in a town near his monastery and this society published the results in 1865. He also tried to get some

of the scientists of that day interested in his discovery, but they were so wrapped up in Darwin's new theory of evolution then being much talked of, that they did not see the great importance of the work of

Mende\. It was not until 1 7 years after his death, which occurred

in 1884, that the world saw how vital were the discoveries made by this almost unknown and forgotten experimenter.

In 1900 other investigators became interested in the same questions of breeding on which Mendel had worked and his results were rediscovered. Progress in farming and other fields of endeavor in

which breeding is essential had been handicapped through lack of knowledge, so that when the facts were again brought to the attention of the world, they were eagerly accepted and the name of Mendel became world famous. The law of heredity which he discovered now

bears his name.

Since 1900 hundreds of investigators have been searching for the unit characters or those which can be distinctly traced throughout the breeding processes. Mendel worked eight years on sweet peas, and

pointed out only a relatively few such unit characters. He found that

tallness of the plant, color of the blossom, wrinkling of the seed, shape of the pollen, fertility of the sex organs, and several others all acted according to his law. Workers since that time have traced the

operation of the law through many characters of both the plant and animal kingdom.

Some of the best varieties of wheat grown in the great wheat 234 IMPROVEMENT ERA

producing sections of the world have been created by scientifically combining, with a knowledge of Mendel's law, two or more desirable characters. Likewise new varieties of corn, cabbage, watermelons,

asparagus, flax, alfalfa, cotton and many other crops have been built up for special qualities which make them better than ordinary varieties.

Many boys are becoming familiar with the working of Mendel's law by breeding rabbits. They know that a pinkeye rabbit always breeds

true if mated with another pinkeye, and when a colored rabbit is mated with a pinkeye the young separate out nearly as Mendel found for his sweet peas. We are also gradually learning many of the unit charac-;

ters in man so that we can predict what sort of children to expect from a man and woman who marry.

Provo, Utah.

The Cripple

The school gong sounds: the air resounds

With song and laughter gay;

With yell and shout, the boys rush out,

Out in the sun to play.

But I must idly sit sit—just Day, and day. day—and

Oh, that I might, for just one night,

Have limbs made well and strong!

That at the call, down through the hall,

I 'long.

But might—justI must once—goyes, just sit, sit—ah,

So long, so long. long—so

I vainly cried, "Oh why, Oh why,

Must I be punished so?"

"Dear Lord,"I cried,"why can't I die,

And end this pain and woe?

Must I still sit, and sit sit—and

And never, never know?"

For years I've borne the cross and thorn,

As Christ our Lord on high:

I've learned to sup the bitter cup,

Without a tear or sigh.

And I can patience sit sit—in

Week, and month and year.

Yes, while they've played, I've stayed and prayed;

While my sad heart has learned;

Till from our Lord this answer came,

That—"HowAnd on my tosoul is burned.patience sit, wait—in

The world from me has learned."

Clifton, Idaho. ORVID E. HOWELL.

A CHANCE AT LIFE By Marguerite Cameron

I sat in our hotel room, drumming my fingers on the small table, which offered for perusal the New York telephone directory, and a copy of the Holy Bible. Ben Hawskins was in due—watch

hand I counted the minutes. Possibly he had been held up in one

of those street jams.

Ben and I had been out yesterday to witness the noonday crush hurrying, scurrying mobs taking in the shops along Broadway, better dressed and better mannered throngs sweeping the wide paved walks which lined stately and beautiful Fifth Avenue. It had been thrilling!

I got up and pulled the curtain of our hotel window aside nothing but a grey wall opposite, with windows like our hotel wall.

That was like New York.

But what was keeping Ben?

He and I had come to New York straight from Harvard commencement. We were filled to the brim with dreams of the great

service we were to render in medicine, I in engineering. humanity—he

If Ben passed the medical examination, for which he had gone to

Dr. Robinson's office this morning, he would be in line for a big job

here in New York.

It was much later. I had taken up the telephone directory

for entertainment. I heard a hand on the doorknob. The door

opened.

I staggered to my feet at the sight of Ben's white face.

the deuce?"I gasped. "What—what

Ben sank down on the edge of a chair, staring.

"They've given me a year, Joe,"he answered dully.

"What, what have you done?"I stammered.

"A year to live,"and his head went down on his) arms. Silence.

We could say nothing.

Ben had no prospect for the hospital job now. He went back

to Boston to wait. It was ghastly.

Weeks passed. One day, in my mail box, I found a letter with

foreign stamps and unfamiliar postmark. I tore it open.

"We're in Mexico,"Ben wrote. "Cousin Fred thinks the

climate here may prove invigorating, and Genia and I have accepted his invitation to stay on for a trial."

Then Danny came, their firstborn and adored son. Ben seemed

to abandon himself in his adoration, and knowing the brief measure of his days, I allowed him the limit.

Another letter dropped into Months passed—a year—two.

23 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

my mailbox. Ben spoke his decision to become physician for a mining

camp high in the Sierra Madres.

"Genia and I will be the only whites in the district,"he wrote, "a day's ride from the colonists, the nearest Americans. It will be

pretty lonesome and not a little dangerous, but my time is shortening.

I have been fortunate enough to stretch one year into two. Now, if

the fates are good, I may be able to get together a little something for my family."

Then, one morning the chief engineer of our office offered me my choice, "Mexico or Alaska?"Wholeheartedly I voted "Mexico."

Now here, I was on my way to Ben's mine.

I trotted Brownie along the edge of the arroyo. It was early

spring and the mountain lilac seemed to be pushing the rest of the world away before its shimmering mist. Blinded though I was, I

discerned something dodging up the zigzag, which I had just climbed.

It was flaming scarlet in color. I watched it climb to higher and

higher levels of the trail. I waited.

Imagine my delight when I beheld Ben Hoskins emerge around the last curve of the zigzag and come out on the rim of the arroyo. I

shouted aloud and, as my eyes still held fast to the scarlet kiddiekar which he carried in front of him across his saddle horn, I called out, "Taking it home to the kid, I warrant."

"Well, Joe!"

We grasped hands and tugged at each other's shoulders as our ponies rubbed alongside.

"Going up to the mine?"Ben asked.

"On my way,"I rejoined happily.

"Don't say? Well, come on. My boy hasn't been so well "

"Sick?""Not exactly, but ailing. That's why I made the trip down to

the store. It takes a day each way, but Genia and I thought a new

toy might pep him up. They just had these kiddiecars in new

from the states. Isn't she a stunner? They strengthen a kid's legs,you know. My boy—

"My boy. My boy—"Then he was always saying it, as he

was always writing it. It colored everything he said on our ride to the

mine, recurring again and again with the same certainty that a motif rises out of the crashing strains of a Wagnerian opera, and covers the whole harmony. Ben and I had not seen each other for three years.

These were our first minutes together. And he was breaking his

neck to tell me about, "My boy!"

"Genia says we can't raise him in the mountains,"he informed me. "I'd hate to give up, but we may have to."

As we climbed on up more rugged arroyos, along mountain ledges, where dynamite had blasted a trail, we seemed to step out of the

A CHANCE AT LIFE 23 7

lavender pettiskirts. which had fringed the down country. Here the

scrub cedar curled in knobs and stray shootings over the baldness of the mountain tops. And, as it came evening, a sunset flush reddened

the cliffs.

Ben did not look as strong as he had looked in college. But, in

spite of the dread thought which overhung his life, he was happier.

There was no doubt of it. He talked on: "I hope Danny will be

well enough to try this kiddiekar tonight,"he said wistfully. "It's

been a long trip. Seems as if I've been gone a week."

The picturesque mine holdings loomed up through the twiline of smoke straggling along the mountain tops; grey,light:—a

weatherbeaten buildings pitched slant against the hillside; lighted

windows in the miners'huts; and flickering lanterns like fireflies along

the trails from the mine opening.

In a fringe of willows, we came to Ben's hut. We put our

ponies up and presently stepped into the dimmed lamplight of the

Hoskins'one room. Genia hurried toward us.

"Where's Danny?"asked Ben, as he hastily set the kiddiekar

down on the table.

I could From the shaded lamplight or Genia's presence—which,

not seemed to detect something amiss. He hurried to the say—Ben

crib side, fussed over the child lying there. Presently he turned toward

haggard man.us—a

"Danny can't last the night,"he said.

Genia, who had borne so much, alone in the camp with only foreigners, strangeness and suffering, stood by tearless. "Oh, Dan,"I protested, "sometimes—

"I know,"he said. "I can't be longer."

There was something stoical about our evening. We at our

meagre supper. We talked. We were silent at the little bedside.

"Do you know,"Ben confided, "I don't think anything in the world could make me happier than to be here tonight. Since Danny

has to go, I want to stand by and help him. Genia,"he said, as he

lovingly circled his wife's shoulder, "you can do everything for him as well as I, yet I'd be jealous of you tonight, if I couldn't wait on the little fellow myself. It's a big comfort to me that I got here

in time.""Perhaps Genia was right,"he continued aside to me. "She

didn't want us to come up here. But, you see, it was the only way I

could manage to get a stake ahead for them. Here I make ten times what

I made with the colonists."

The evening was chill. We built a fire. Ben drew up the

little crib. Danny was going fast.

"I am glad you are with us tonight,"Ben assured me. "You

are our best friend. God is good."

Time and again my eyes rested on the scarlet kiddiekar, which 238 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Genia had set in the corner. Under the lamplight it glowed soft and

great ruby framed in flitting shadows. Danny would never rosy—a

ride it now.

Toward midnight the silent chill of the canyon changed to a violent wind storm. Windows rattled. Our fire puffed and gasped.

Still we The loving concern of that group seemed to sat—waiting.

pour out through Ben's fingers, as he touched the feverish child.

He and Genia begged me to retire in the shakedown, which they had provided. But I could not dessert the vigil.

It was after two when we heard voices. Presently there came a

knock. When Ben opened the door, two men stood there dripping

with rain. They were rough uplanders. Neither could speak English.

They smiled and thrust a note into Ben's hand.

"What is it?"urged Genia, after he had finished reading.

"Surely they won't be sending for you tonight!"

"There's a woman dying from blood poisoning at Terazes.

They say I can save her."

"Terazes? It's ten miles."

"Genia, dear,"Ben entreated, but unable to go on he came over and looked at the little sufferer. He bent down and smoothed the

sheet. "I'll go,"he nodded to the two rough men, who were again

swallowed up in the black and howling night. "You see,"he turned

to me, "Genia can do everything for Danny that I could now. It's

only a matter of waiting. His pulse is very faint."Tears filled his

voice. "If I get there, the sick woman has a chance at life. There

comes a time when we all need a, lift. I seem to be the only doctor

here about. You see, Joe, I should go. You stay with Genia."

I promised.

Ben scouted hurriedly for the things he would need. Then suddenly he blurted our. "My God, I can't get through. They've been

blasting the Terazes road. I'll have to go around by Sonora—twenty miles."

"I was there this morning,"I interrupted. "Take the old road as far as Tony's. Then—"I stopped. "It's rain dangerous—the

will be pretty bad. You'd better go around, Ben."

"Could you show him?"Genia entreated me. "Yes, but—

"You mustn't leave Genia,"protested Ben.

"It will be quite the best way,"insisted Genia. "Joe can come

back,"she comforted her husband. "When you return, Ben, it will

be light and you won't need a guide."

So Ben and I let our ponies out on the trail as far as Tony's.

From there we nosed carefully along the broken ledge trying to keep out of the deep pools and off the slides where a false step would mean a plunge into darkness and oblivion. On the outskirts of

A CHANCE AT LIFE '239

Terazes we tugged at each other's hands and parted almost without a word.

He was gone. Darkness blotted him out. And the rain slashed

with such fury that I lost even the clatter of his pony stumbling along the rocky road. *****

I rode back to the little cabin just before daybreak. The fine

rain showed the whole camp in a greyish mist. Yet, from one window

gleamed a beacon to guide me back to the Hoskin's cabin. I light—a

knocked down some hay and made Brownie comfortable in the shelter in the willows, then hurried to the cabin.

But on the doorstep I hesitated. Even in my meagre way, what

could I do to match the silent courage of this household?

I stepped inside. There sat Genia in a glow of candlelight beside

the little crib. She hurried to meet me.

"Joe,"she quavered, as she helped me remove my dripping coat.

"I'm so glad you've come. Danny has just passed on!"

The Resigners

You'll find them by dozens in every town,

I suppose we could call them the whiners.

Those who, on the slightest excuse, will throw down

Their callings; I mean the resigners.

They'll throw down their tools at the drop of the hat,

And think they've good reasons behind them.

They're watching for slights, like a cat for a rat;

Of course, it's not long till they find them.

You're either in favor, or else you're against;

You're helping, or in opposition.

The devil is pleased when you sit on the fence,

He's got you if that's your position.

He's trying to pull down the kingdom of God;

For that he is always designing.

Unless you are blind, then, you surely can see

That you're helping his cause by resigning.

The hands of God's servants were placed on your head,

And blessed you to fill that position;

And angels above us wrote down what they said;

How dare you resign such a mission?

Then stick to your callings until you're released;

Just peg right along and keep climbing,

You'll find it the way to salvation and peace,

Just give up that thought of resigning.

JOSEPH H. DEAN. Shelley, Idaho.

BOBBY By Fred McLaughlin Bobby found a great silver meshbag. He looked around to see

if anyone had noticed him. The act was unconscious, for Bobby

it.was honest. He carried the bag to a nearby areaway and opened

It contained a roll of bills, a tiny powderpuff in a celluloid case, some change, a couple of keys, and a flat leather case which held a wonderful necklace of pearls.

"Oh, gee, I got to find out who this belongs to!"

He ran through one of his papers and found the item under "Lost and Found."It gave the address and offered a reward.

Skinny came along. Skinny used a crutch, but he sold a lot

of papers, and he was a regular fellow. Bobby gave Skinny his papers.

"I found a bag full of money and things, Skinny, and the paper says a reward. I'm on my way."

Skinny counted the gift papers and figured up twentytwo cents velvet. "Oh boy!"

Bobby may have looked small, but he felt very important as he stood in the fine parlor and waited. The lady came in and took

the bag from his outstretched hand. She got down on her knees and

looked closely into the boy's face. Bobby was surprised to see tears

in her eyes. He didn't know that the pearl necklace was a thing of

great value. Bobby liked to look at her; she was almost a pretty as

Mama. And Mama often had tears in her eyes too.

"What is your name?"

He liked her voice; it was soft and just like Mama's. sweet—

"Bobby Turner,"he said.

She took out the necklace and held it lovingly against her cheek.

She opened the roll of bills. She was going to count the money! Hot

anger surged in Bobby's heart, for the blood of a long line of gentlemen flowed in his veins.

She took two tens from the roll and put them into the boy's hand. "This is yours, Bobby."

"Twenty dollars!"A lump rose in his throat. He tried to thank

her, and couldn't. The electric train that he had watched, day after

day, in the window of the big store down town, was his now. And

Mama wouldn't have to cry because she couldn't get anything for

Bobby's Christmas. There would be enough left to get a present for

Mama, also. Just in time, too, for tomorrow was Christmas.

"Don't you want count it?"he said slowly. to—to

She laughed. It was a rich delicious lilt. She put an arm around

his shoulders. "I don't have to count it, Bobby. I know a man

when I see one. What are you going to buy?"

BOBBY 241

"Electric train. It's got a red engine, and people in the cars

and a station and a bridge and a tunnel. Some train!"He wondered

if he ought to get confidential. "And I'm going to get something for

Mama, too. She's got nobody but me. sews a good deal, She—she

and I sell papers after school; so we get along pretty well."

"I'm going to send you home in the car,. Bobby. Wait; I'll

give you a note to your mother."

On the way home the chauffeur stopped at the big store and asked Bobby to watch the car while he did some shopping. He came

out with an enormous box that nearly filled the rear seat. He left the

box with Bqbby and his mother.

Bobby exhibited the money, and his mother read the note. She

held him for a moment, and called him "her man."

"The note says for us to open the box tomorrow, Bobby."Her

gray eyes were shining. "Maybe there is something for both of us."

"I been thinking about this twenty dollars,"said Bobby, with heavy resolution. "Guess I better not spend all this for a train. We

can't afford it. The pretty lady called me a man. No man would

waste all that on an electric train. You just take it, Mama, and spend

it like you want to; and give me a dollar for an aeroplane. That's

enough, I guess."His shoulders drooped, and his voice trembled a

little, but he won through. Mama held him close again.

That night, while Bobby slept, Mama worked for an hour or two with the pretty lady's present. When she had finished, she looked

with misty eyes upon an electric train, with a red engine, and people in the a station and a bridge and a tunnel. cars—and

Washington, D. C.

The Sky of Utah A SONNET

Above the lofty pinnacles of snow,

How broad and vast the blue ethereal cope

Extends its borders to the distant slope

Where sky and earth merge in the rim below!

Of such great views, as here before me rise,

My eyes are powerless to grasp the scope;

Sublime, the distances in grandeur ope,

A sense of feeling that'transcends surprise

The feeling that inspired fair Sappho's heart 'Mid seas and mountains in her Grecian home;

Or Petrarch won amid the peers of Rome

Crowned with the laurel of poetic art.

Here heaven opens wide domains unknown,

And faith through inspiration gains a throne.

Albuquerque, N. M. JOSEPH LONGKING TOWNSEND,

PREACHING THE GOSPEL THROUGH THE

RADIO By Earl J. Glade, Business Manager, Station K F P T,

Salt Lake City, Utah

Possibly the most convincing demonstration of the power of radio to convey the gospel message was made at the late semiannual conference of the Church. With the permission of the First Presiradiocasting studio of station k f p t.

This room is resonanceproof. It is heavily padded on all exposed surfaces

and draped in rich, rosecolored velvet. Radio experts report that its fine accoustic

properties are in a large part responsible for the remarkable clarity for which K F P T is widely known. The station is the property of the Radio Service Corporation

of Utah, John N. Cope, president; Earl J. Glade, business manager; Charles H. Hayes,

announcer. Other members of the corporation are Sidney Mulcock, Francis W. Cope

and Heber C. Johnson.

dency, arrangements were effected to radiocast the entire proceedings.

This was done over radio station K F P T through direct wire to the main pulpit of the Tabernacle. It is no exaggeration to report

that the result was very reassuring. Letters and cards, as well as

telegrams, received from various points in western America and Canada, were convincing evidence of how much this service was appreciated. Even in Salt Lake and Ogden there were many who reported

PREACHING THE GOSPEL THROUGH RADIO 243

having heard the conference proceedings, some for the first time in years, illness having prevented their attendance in numerous instances mentioned.

One of the most notable incidents was the case of President Penrose, who was ill and unable to be at the conference. After a receiving instrument had been placed in the Penrose home, it was soon

evident that the stricken man was in touch with the proceedings of the conference. As President Grant made the opening announcement,

President Penrose said, "It is the President's voice!"Later on when

the male chorus sang, "School thy feelings, O my brother,"and the melodious strains came right into the sick room with a clarity and

This transmitter, which is of 500 watts capacity, was constructed by John

N. Cope, radio, technician in charge of Station K F P T. The instrument embodies

a number of elements invented by Mr. Cope himself which are winning for him attention in the field of radio. Arrangements are underway to raise the power of this

station to 1,000 watts.

power that would have characterized the singing, had the artists been in the bedroom in person, tears were seen to run down the cheeks of the venerable Churchman as he said, "That is wonderful."

President Penrose commented on the power of radio to do for ill, possibly, and unable to attend service thousands of others—some

it had done in person; some remotely situated from Salt Lake—what

for him. As Station KFPT's representative left the Penrose home that

evening, the great man said, "I certainly thank you; it has been one of

the most thrilling experiences of my life."

There were no fewer than a dozen business houses in Salt Lake 244 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and Ogden where the services were being received over the radio and eagerly listened to by hundreds of people, many of whom had never heard such a service before.

Many interesting episodes occurred in connection with the radiocasting. During an afternoon service, Bishop Isaac P. Thunnel, of

the Wasatch ward, had to leave the tabernacle for an appointment at his place of business, on Main street. While there, over the radio,

he heard President Grant call him to the stand, unaware, of course, that the bishop, at that moment was not in the tabernacle. In a few

moments, the latter was able to report at the pulpit.

Arrangements have now been completed for the radiocasting of a regular Sunday evening service each Sunday, at 9 o'clock, mountain time. The program consists of a twentyfive minute sermon and sacred

music, consuming altogether about one hour. It is radiocast from the

studio, at Station K F P T, an attractive, nonresonant chamber which is in large part responsible for the wondrous clarity with which these services are received. The services are in charge of Presiding

Bishop Charles W. Nibley and his counselors.

President Grant inaugurated the services and has spoken a number of times. His voice carries with remarkable clearness and power.

Other speakers at this writing have been President Nephi L. Morris,

who delivered an eloquent discourse entitled, "This is the Place,"and

Nephi Jensen, former president of the Canadian mission, who presented an eloquent tribute to the Prophet Joseph.

Another view of the studio, showing the microphone, t e supersensitive instrument which picks up the message or music to be radiocast.

PREACHING THE GOSPEL THROUGH RADIO 245

Hundreds of telegraphic, telephonic and written statements of appreciation have been received at the station and by the Presidency.

An idea of the extent of the area covered by this service is conveyed in the distance from which clear reception is reported. During

the week of this writing, letters have been received from Englewood,

New Jersey: the Hawaiian Islands; Baltimore, Maryland; British

Columbia; Sitka, Alaska; Denver, Iowa, and hundreds of other intermediate points in which reception is reported and appreciation expressed. Nearly every city in California has sent acknowledgment.

The Northwest has also been especially responsive.

The power of such a means of intelligencetransmission is evident when one considers that of the many who listened only the smallest fraction send acknowledgment of reception. To state that station

K F P T has an audience of over a million, according to radio experts, is no exaggeration.

Since the beginning of the services, the power of the station has been increased, and, in the very near future, it will be again augmented, so as to be comparable with the most powerful stations in America.

It already is rated among the fifty finest stations in the United States, of which there are upwards of five hundred.

As a means of preaching the gospel, the potentiality of radio is just coming to be understood. These programs of discourse and

sacred music are brought to the very firesides of thousands of people who otherwise would be very difficult to reach. In the privacy of

their own homes they are often willing, if not eager, to listen to the gospel message. Many an indifferent person has openly admitted

that radio has done more to convince him of the immortality of things and of the existence of Diety than any other intermediary.

Who can presage what the developments of the morrow will bring with this wondrous instrumentality that our Father in heaven, through his providence, has placed in our hands, reaching out as it does, to the ends of the earth?

We Trust in Thee

Sons of God, we come to earth Striving on toward the light,

Eternal glory to be won. We fall and rise and fall again;

Past that's hidden at our birth Lord, we trust thee in thy might

Will be revealed when earth is done. To lift us up, to free from sin.

Darkness here our path does hide, Weak, we follow paths unknown,

And yet 'tis broken by a light. Our spirits ever rise to thee.

Law of God we will abide, Guide us on, we are thy own;

Thy presence drives away the night. In thee we trust; we cannot see.

Thatcher, Arizona. J- OSCAR ANDERSON.

THE INDUSTRIAL FUTURE OF PALESTINE

By H. C. Singer

Prior to the war and the relief of the Holy Land from the regime of the Turks, the manufacturing industry of Palestine was but little developed. Indeed the Turkish Empire, surrounded by powerful anxious and intriguing powers, had but little opportunity to develop the

resources which will make of Palestine in future years, a land of milk and honey. Political intrigue, inefficient transportation, and defective

legislation, have greatly hindered the development of industry in the past. These coupled with lack of capital and the spirit of enterprise,

not to mention the curse of the Turkish government, have kept Palestine from being a nation among nations.

Palestine has much yet to accomplish, to set her house in order to speed away to industrial prosperity. Her political questions must be

settled, the Arab and the Jew must settle their differences amicably, and a market must be found for her wares, the old primitive methods must be modernized and, as Palestine is too small for the installation of largescale factories, she may yet be important as a nodal point between the

East and the Old World.

Eastward of the Jordan lie fertile plains, now only deserts, the hills are susceptible to afforestation, eastward and southward of the

Dead Sea. The lands are rich in minerals, yet it cannot be denied her

waterpower constitute the biggest asset that she now possesses. It may

be that trade with Arabia and India, via Akabah, will compete more favorably with the heavy freight rates of the Suez Canal; and, as trade

is largely done with the Bedouins, from whom Palestine buys her cattle, camels, wool, butter and hides, and to whom she sells cereals, tobacco, sugar, wool, etc., trading centers will probably be formed along

the border of the desert.

At present, her Jewish colonies are settled along the border of the sea from Haifa down to Gaza, while inland, Galilee seems to be the chosen spot for colonization. Of course, there is a large

colony at Jerusalem, Mazah and Artuf, but south of Hebron, only little or no colonization. Statistics prove that 25,000 to 30,000

immigrants have poured into Palestine since 19201923. Upon the

arrival of the immigrants they are met at the ports by an official who attends to their wants, putting them on trains for central points.

Upon arrival at these, they are again met, lodged, and fed until assigned to their respective fields of labor. Coming from all parts of

the world, they mix and mingle, and the exchange of ideas must be of great worth to the Holy Land.

From Akka in the north to Gaza and the desert border, there is one railway, while from Haifa eastward one hundred miles, another

THE INDUSTRIAL FUTURE OF PALESTINE 247

branch line joins Jaffa (the principal port) to Jerusalem, and Afale to Nablus and Tulkeram. There are, of course, many more projects

under construction, such as Haifa and Tiberias, through RoshPina,

Metula and Rajaka, linking Haifa with Constantinople. The Cairo

to Bagdad railway will also traverse Palestine, connecting the Palestinian system at Akabah. This cannot but be a source of wealth to

Palestine.

Of her natural resources, not the least is her mines of quarrystone, lime, gypsum, salt, carnallite, bromide and sulphur, phosphates, asphalt, bituminous limes and petroleum. The country literally abounds

with quarystone, once the important industry in the days of classic antiquity; still at Jasim may be obtained splendid paving stone, which

industry, well developed, might be of great wealth. Lime will be

needed for building purposes, and, in the days of reconstruction, will be a lucrative field, while it may easily be prepared and exported as cement and hydraulic lime. Gypsum produced near Damascus will

be in demand during the days of building; while there is but little of it

produced, quantities have been found at Jebel Gipsin.

From the waters of the Dead Sea, comes salt in enormous quantities, while at Jebel Usaum rocksalt contains the standard of purity to 99%. Salt springs are found in abundance along the shores of the

sea and in the Jordan valley. Carnallite is also obtained from the

Dead carnallite containing 26% of potassiumchloride, Sea—crude

forming an ingredient of artificial manure, it will be of great value to many parts of Palestine soil, while it may be used in potash, nitric acid, soap and glass. Yielding more treasures, the Dead Sea gives bromine as a product for export, and sulphur has been found in its environs and in the Jordan valley.

Professor Blankenhorn asserts that on the floor of the Dead Sea there is a fissure containing pure asphalt, while at Hasebeiga it was mined for five years.

Experts declare that underground oil fields are very extensive in

Palestine, and companies are drilling there on a very large scale. Being

situated in the petroleum zone, between Mesopotamia and Egypt, with petroleum to the south, Palestine bids fair to be a land of petroleum enterprise.

At Haifa, Baron Rothschild's flour mills have been working for a considerable time, but are not so modern as those found at Damascus, and Beirut. Mostly they are driven by water and a few by mechanical

power. Of course, the milling industry depends on the production of

sufficient quantities of Palestinian wheat, while at present the greater bulk of wheat used is imported from abroad.

Despite the primitive methods used, the olive oil industry in

Palestine flourishes, producing within the last two years, 7,000 tons of oil from 600 mills in the villages. Soap factories use the oil chiefly,

therefore but little being exported, but to Egypt by way of Jaffa, have 248 IMPROVEMENT ERA

gone 7,000 tons of soap annually. Sesame and hempseed is also

largely exported, while the butter industry has made surprising strides in recent years, Ethereal oils have been extracted from a number of plants, but with little success from roses, geraniums and orange flowers;

but anis seed and oil of thyme, are prepared in Galilee, olive oil from the Jordan valley and bay oil at Antioch. These industries will be

of great proportions in later years. Sugar refineries and vast factories

of cocoa, and chocolate are now under production.

is Starch is now prepared from wheat grown at Damascus and prepared mainly as an article of diet.

Concerns are interesting themselves in saw and paper mills, textiles, tanneries, building materials and glass works; while on a small

scale, macaroni and cereal foods are now produced. Fishing in Galilee,

tobacco from the eastern plains, textiles from Syria and wooden furniture from Beirut, such are some of the minor industries of Palestine. Let is be remembered that primitive methods prevail at present,

in most of the enterprises, but under efficient management the modernized production will be greater and the fields of enterprise of wider expansion.

Nearly four hundred mills are driven by water, and systems of canals are being utilized for irrigation purposes, and it is asserted that "Not a drop runs to waste in the swampy lakes of Baretel Ateihe."

At the same time, the slime from the waters and the sewage from the cities fertilize all the environs. Plans for dams and gigantic barrages

to hold the rain in the mountains have been prepared, with the view that the water flowing down the ravines in the winter months could be stored up for irrigation of the plains in the summer. A great deal

of land is to be levelled and water from mountain reservoirs conveyed wherever required. Additional supplies of water are to be secured by

drainage of swamps and morasses and by regulating the flow of rivers. By lowering the level of the waters of Merom, the Hule Plain

could be watered by means of an overflow canal. The right of the

rivers of the Jordan and Anjau were ceeded to Mr. Pinhas by the

British government in 1921 for use and development.

At the head of the Jordan river there is now under construction a gigantic hydroelectric plant. It is estimated that the rivers of Palestine can supply an energy of 500,000 horsepower. Such a thing as

electric mountain railways would prove useful as a means of communication between the hot, lowlying valley regions and the cool hill stations. Many are the complexities and peculiarities of the country.

Leaders of industry and colonization may be led away with extravagant ideas, but foresight, caution, prayerfulness, an abiding faith, and the hope that has shone like a beacon light through years of lonely exile, will gradually be realized so that the desert will blossom as the rose, and Palestine may someday "become the garden of the world."

Lethbridge, Canada.

PROPHECY AND HISTORY A Study for the Advanced Senior Class M. I. A., 192425

Book of Mormon Prophecy—The

INDRODUCTION The second part of the course of study consists of twelve lessons, the titles of which are as follows:

(1) The Book of Mormon as a Fulfilment of Ancient Prophecy;

(2) Of Prophecies within Itself; (3) Of Modern Prophecy; (4) Prophecies

in the Book of Mormon Already Fulfiled; (5) Being Fulfilled; (6) Yet

to be Fulfiled; (7) Prophecies in the Book of Mormon with Promises to

the Individual; (8) With Promises to Communities or Nations; (9) Prophecies in the Book of Mormon not Found in Other Scripture; (10) Of Most

Vital Interest to the Indian; (11) Of Most Vital Interest to Our Nation;

(12) Of Most Vital Interest to Us as Latterday Saints.

It is hoped that the members of the class, as a rule, will at least read the special references with a view of being prepared on the "Questions and Problems."Bringing the book most needed, and also

the Improvement Era or Young Woman's Journal, to the class will greatly aid in making the lessons instructive and interesting. To the

text and its explanation is a good class slogan.

The teacher who perpares and teaches a lesson is entitled to some selfeffort on the part of the members of the class, and in cases of special assignments to individuals the acceptance becomes a pledge to do ones best.

The questions and problems are so presented that each may be disposed of within five minutes.

Lesson Book of Mormon as a Fulfilment of Ancient XIII—The

Prophecy

I. Special References for Class Study.

1. Pearl of Great Prices, Moses 7, about 3,000 B. C.

2. Bible, Psalms 85:11, about 1,000 B. C.

3. Isaiah 29:11, about 750 B. C.

4. Isaiah 45:8, about 750 B. C.

5. Ezekiel 37:1520, about 560 B. C.

II. QUESTIONS AND PROBLEMS.

1. (a) How does the prediction recorded in Moses 7:62 point to the

coming forth of the Book of Mormon? (b) By whom was the prophecy

made? (c) About how long was it made before its fulfilment?

2. How did we get the prophecy recorded in Moses 7:62? (See

Pearl of Great Price, title to chapter one.)

3. Quote Psalm 85:11. Name the author and give approximate date

of his writings. j

250 IMPROVEMENT ERA

4. Which of the events in the bringing forth of the Book, of Mormon

fulfiled the prophecy, "Righteousness will I sent down from Heaven?"

5. (a) Quote Isaiah 29:11. (b) Name the man who literally fulfiled this prophecy recorded therein. (c) Relate or read the circumstances

of the historical incident. See History of the Church, Vol. 1, p. 20.

6. Discuss Isaiah 45:8 under the following heads: (a) The author,

(b) The time, (c) The part of the prophecy fulfiled by the visit of the

Angel Moroni, (d) The part fulfiled by the delivery of the plates to Joseph

Smith. 7. In the light of The Articles of Faith, by Elder James E. Talmage.

of the Council of the Twelve, pages 276277, 1924 edition, explain the prophecy made more than 2,500 years ago by the prophet Ezekiel and recorded in Ezekiel 37:1520.

Lesson Book of Mormon as a Fulfilment of Prophecies within XIV—The

Itself.

I. Special References for Class Study.

1. II Nephi 3:1112; 2. II Nephi 27:6-24; 3. II Nephi 29:6-10.

4. Mormon 8:14, 16, 25, 26; 5. Moroni 10:4, 28.

II. Questions and Problems.

1. (a) Read to the class II Nephi 3:1112. (b) Tell about when,

and also by whom, the prophecy was first uttered; and how it came to be

in the Nephite records, and what part of the prophecy has been fulfiled since the Book of Mormon was published.

2. Read the testimonies and the names of the three and the eight

testators who fulfiled the prophecy recorded in II Nephi 27:1314.

3. Quote from memory or read the prophecy contained in the Book of

Mormon which was fulfiled by the antiMormon cry "Joe Smith's Golden

Bible,"or "The Mormon Bible."(II Nephi 29:6-10.)

5. Discuss the prophecy or promise recorded in Moroni 10:4: (a)

The time, (b) The author, (c) The stream of personal testimony concerning its fulfilment.

Lesson of Mormon as a Fulfilment of Modern Prophecy. XV—The Book

I. Special References for Class Study.

1. Doctrine H Covenants 3:17; 2. Doctrine %S Covenants 3:18; 3.

Doctrine $5 Covenants 5:15; 4. Doctrine & Covenants 5:23, 24;

II. Questions and Problems.

1. Show that the publication of the Book of Mormon in the Hawaiian language is a partial fulfilment of the prediction recorded in Doc. $

Cov. 3:17. 18.

2. Show how the teaching of English to the Indians in the Government

schools is making it possible for the Book of Mormon to become a complete fulfilment of the prophecy in Doctrine 8 Covenants 3:18.

3. How does the unshaken testimony of the three witnesses provide

for a continuance of the fulfilment of the prophecy recorded in the Doc. SJ

Cov. 5:15? 4. Correlate Doc. %5 Cov. 5:24 with the following:

Testimony of the Book of Mormon, given at Clarkston, Utah, by Martin Hairis,18 75 (July)—"Brethren, I believe there is an angel here to hear what I tell you,

and you shall never forget what I say. The prophet Josph Smith, Oliver Cowdery,

PROPHECY AND HISTORY 251

David Whitmer and myself went into a little grove to pray to obtain a promise that we should behold the plates with our natural eyes that we might testify of it to the world. We prayed a time or two and at lengthen angel stood before David and

Oliver and showed them the plates, but behold, I had gone by myself to pray and in my deepest distress I asked the Prophet Joseph to kneel down with me and pray for me that I may also see the plates. He did so. and immediately the angel stood before

me and said. Look.'When I gazed upon him 1 fell to the earth, but I stood on my

feet again and saw the angel turn the golden leaves over, and I said, 'That is enough, my Lord, and my God.'Then I heard the voice of God say, 'The Book translated

from, those plates is true and translated correctly.'"(See Improvement Era, September, 1923, pp. 980-1.)

Discuss the following statement:

"The Divine Authenticity of no other book is as well attested by human testimony as is that of the Book, of Mormon."

The Bird

The bird sings out his very best

When on the tree, or in the nest;

When perched upon a lofty pine,

Or nestled 'mid a leafy vine.

When soaring high from human sight

He sings with all his main, and might,

He sings not to be heard of men,

Or, that he may be praised by them.

He sings because he's made to sing

By Him, who gave him voice and wing.

If perched upon a steeple high,

Or, on a bough where men pass by,

Or, on a stately, swaying tree,

Or, on a shrub they do not see.

He poses, with the same good grace

At every time, and every place;

Not just where he is seen of men

That he may be admiied by them,

But just because he is a bird;

No matter whether seen or heard.

O would that I were like the bird

Caring not who saw, nor heard,

Just so that I well filled the place

God gave to me. And by his grace

Simply and truly, just to be Whatever he designed in me.

If by my act, my word, my song,

Some others have been helped along

And made more happy and less sad,

Through my weak efforts, I am glad.

But let me not exalted be, Just so that men may hear and see

The little things I do and say,

Things which, like bubbles, pass away.

But let me be just like the bird

Singing on, though unseen, unheard.

Logan, Utah. SAMUEL B. MlTTON.

SUPPOSED LIKENESSES OF OUR LORD

The Evangelists do no Describe His Person, but

Artists Have Given Us Their Own Ideas

By J. M. Sjodahl

While the Evangelists, who are the biographers of our Lord and

Savior, give us a remarkably clear idea of the perfection of his moral character, they leave many questions unanswered. One of these concerns his personal appearance. They have no description of his stature,

his complexion, etc. They furnish no data from which even a skilful

artist may make a likeness in marble or on canvas.

The reason for this is apparent. Man is ever prone to cling to

outward forms and ceremonies and to neglect the spiritual element.

The Evangelists have studiously avoided to draw any picture of the physical features of the Master, while they have placed before us a character, the divine features of which are unmistakable.

Then again, as one historian well says, "No figure of Christ in color, or bronze, or marble, can reach the ideal of perfect beauty which came forth into actual reality in the Son of God and the Son of man.

The highest creations of art are here but feeble reflections of the original in heaven."

However, artists in later ages have endeavored to give us a true likeness of the Savior, from such descriptions as do exist. These

are of comparatively recent date, but it is not impossible that in them are found some of the main points of older traditions, from the time of Irenaeus, Papias, or even St. John.

In the 8th century Nicephorus says our Lord resembled his mother Mary. He was beautiful, strikingly tall, with fair and slightly

curling hair, with dark eyebrows, an oval countenance, a pale, olive complexion, bright eyes, an attitude slightly stooping, and a] look expressive of patience, nobility and wisdom.

There is also a letter purporting to have been written by a proconsul in Jerusalem, Lentulus by name, to the Roman senate concerning the crucifixion. He is said to have been contemporary with Pilate,

but the judgment of scholars is that the letter cannot be any older than the 12th century, though it may be founded on an older tradition.

In that letter the following occurs:

"There appeared in our times a man of great virtue, named Christ

Jesus * * * He is a man of lofty stature, beautiful, having a noble countenance, so that they who look on him may both love and fear. He

has wavy hair, rather crisp, of the color of wine, and glittering as it flows down from his shoulders, with a parting in the middle of the head after the manner of the Nazarenes. His forehead is pure and even, and his face without any spot or wrinkle, but glowing with a delicate flush. His nose and

mouth are faultless; he has a beard, abundant and of the same hazel color

SUPPOSED LIKENESSES OF OUR LORD 253

Characteristic Artists'Likenesses of Our Lord. Left, by Paolo Cagliary (152888),

generally known as Veronese. Painting now in Dresden. Right, by Titian

(14771576), a painting now at Madrid.

as his hair, not long but forked. His eyes are blue and very bright: He is

terrible in rebuke, calm and loving in admonition, cheerful, but preserving in gravity. He has never been seen to laugh, but oftentimes to weep. His

stature is erect, and his hands and limbs are beautiful to look upon. In

speech he is grave, reserved, and modest; and he is fair among the children

of men."It is said that a statue of Christ found its way into the private lararium of Emperor Alexander Severus, where is was placed among other household gods. Other statues are also said to have been in

existence in the early ages, among which is mentioned one at Caesarea

Philippi.

Finally, there is the fictitious story of Veronica, a woman of

Jerusalem, who, with many others, accompanied our Savior on his road to Calvary. According to the mythical account, she gave Jesus

a towel with which he wiped off his of pain and anguish perspiring face, whereupon the sacred features were imprinted upon the cloth. The

picture was later taken to Rome.

The truth concerning the picture seems to be this, that it was exhibited in Rome as the "true likeness"of Jesus. Its origin is abit was called thesolutely unknown. In the old Roman language

distinguish it from others which truevera likeness—to ikon—the

may have existed. This expression became gradually in the vernacular

"Veronica,"and then the story was woven around the fictitious name.

Many artists have endeavored to produce a likeness from these and similar descriptions and early efforts. Some represent our Lord

with an expression of serenity and infinite dignity. Others, taking

their inspiration from Isaiah 53:3: "He is despised and rejected of

itmen; a man of sorrows and acquainted with grief; and we hid, as

were, our faces from him; he was despised, and we esteemed him not,"

254 IMPROVEMENT ERA

'% -s. j VMM He* Vt* V vHRBH"'.'. fc jLfcj* Jrjl j

lji 'I KJwg'. AV H HL< P*tj|.jiC&* Al 5k - I - *****&"ifl: 'mAmK1 H"*M

WHL jM K. 3H Efl

swbw&wAh IkrS Mi—y HHRm$ 'VMYAVH

Characteristic Arists'Likenesses of our Lord. Right, Michelangelo (14751564),

sculptor, painter and poet. The original is in Rome. Left, a peculiar conception by M. DOggione, a less famous artist. The original is in Rome.

endeavored to express this thought of the great prophet. And so

we have the "ecco homo"pictures which all our readers have seen.

The beautiful statue by Thorvaldsen in Copenhagen, belongs to the first group of these two classes.

In view of the efforts of art to create a likeness of our Lord, an article in the November number of The Ladies'Home Journal concerning a recently discovered group of sculptured forms, which have been supposed to be genuine portraits of our Lord and some of the first apostles, is of interest. The group appears on a silver chalice, which

serves as receptacle for a plain cup of the same metal, and which is thought to be the very cup our Lord used when he instituted the Sacrament, before his betrayal and death. The supposition is that the cup

was preserved by the Christians in Jerusalem, until persecution scattered them, when the sacred vessel was carried to Antioch by some of the fugitives. Here, later, some artist, some silversmith, such as

Drmetrius at Ephesus, perhaps, converted to Christianity, made the outer cover and reproduced from descriptions or even from memory the portraits on it. The chalice is said to have been found in recent

years at Antioch, and is now in the possession of Messrs. Kouchakji

Freres, New York, who have published a large, de luxe, work on it by

Dr. Eisen.

Judging from the reproductions in the Ladies Home Journal, the features of Christ remind one of what one would suppose to be those of his saintly mother. Whether they are genuine or not, I have no

means of judging, but I am inclined to agree with the impression of one who has seen the chalice, who, as quoted in the Home Journal, says there is something about it "which sinks into the depths of one's soul."

Even if the chalice is only a specimen of early Christian art it is an object of great interest.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Choristers'Voice Manual—Lesson XII—Concerning

Production. (Continued)

By Edward P. Kimball

This lesson would not be complete without some consideration of two other important elements of singing, the vowel and the consonant. In fact,

the two elements in all pronunciation of words are the proper values which are given to the enunciation of vowels, and the articulation of consonants.

One authority, Adcock, says: "Quality of tone depends on the vowels, but

distinct utterance upon the consonants; if these are not clearly articulated, the

sense of the words will be entirely lost. In the discussion of vowels we can

do not better than consider the subject as it was elucidated for the choristers recently by Anthony C. Lund, director of the Tabernacle choir, and a member

of the Church Music Committee. These are his views:

In a number of languages vowel (vokale) is the word upon which vocalization is built. Then the scheme of learning to sing is described as vowelmaking or

vocalizing.

It is Very true that intonation alone will Jiot give vocal work a good finished effect. I heard some Armenian Saints sing several of our hymns in fairly good

time, but the vocalization was absolutely missing. A vowel! Yes, the most

intensely human thing in the world. Every means known to physics in the university laboratories of the world have been exhausted to find a variable spacing that

would shape as a human mouth the primary vowels. Never a bit of success has been

met with. A tone given out by the voice is first a vibration of the larynx. The

vocal bands have their edges assist the flow of breath just enough to produce the vibration required.

This vibration is augmented and beautified by the cavities and spaces and surface in the bony structure of the face.

These resonances must be coordinated, and balanced so that the tubular spaces in the nose are present hut not obviously so, the enclosed chest spaces giving its proper share of resonance. The arched roof of the mouth, the pharynx and the

cuplike space just above the vocal bands, and the large spaces behind the nose, and the molar and sinus spaces all contribute to the augmentation and balance of tone.

More than this the well defined primary and secondary vowels are the direct result of the mouth, in various forms or spacings. "I"is an uptongue vowel, "o"

is a lowtongue vowel; "e"is an uptongue vowel, and "a"is a lowtongue vowel.

The lowtongue is often inclined to draw back and spoil the spacing at the back of the mouth. The uptongue instead of liaising itself with a lowered

jaw, often does not work independently of the jaw, which should hang low and limplike.

The colors of tone, covered and open, arise from the fact that the lips act in two ways. In the covered tone the lips protrude somewhat Telongating the

passage way. The result is greater earnestness and sympathy and greater solemnity

in the tone.

Lips away, teeth exposed and a lightsome beautiful tone results. Good for

descriptive work in lighter vein, but lacking in depth or seriousness.

Timbre and sentiment must agree.

"Every vocal tone must begin instantly true in pitch, instantly pure in the vowel and the mouth spacing maintained to the end of the tone. Consonants which

are interruptions of the stream of tone or vowel, must be grouped and determinedly 256 IMPROVEMENT ERA

used as stroke material at the beginning of the tone. Our Italian friends get from

their very language and its vowels, a tendency for their mouth to fly open and remain so. Our language and vowels have a tendency for their mouths to fly open and

shut.

Artists, like the late David Bispham, have shown that our language, properly given, lacks nothing of the supreme color which tints that most emotional of all things human—a vowel. A. C. Lund.

"All consonants form more or less of an obstruction or interruption to the vocal sound; but as the interruption is a natural one, and as distinction

of utterance depends on that interruption, the singer should not attempt to shirk it, or lessen the value of the consonant on the ground that the vocal sound will be improved thereby. On the contrary, the full value must be

given to articulate sound, and the necessary time for its completion must be allowed, or the result will be most unsatisfactory."(Clara Kathleen Rogers.)

And Garcia: "Expression depends greatly on the weight and strength given

to articulation. Consonants express the force of a sentiment, just as vowels

express its nature. We are always impressed by words strongly accentuated,

because they appear to be dictated by some acute passion."

It is customary to think of a consonant as merely a letter of the alphabet, and in speaking, to give it a name which usually consists of the consonant itself plus a vowel. If we eliminate the vowel sound, the remaining

consonant proves to be a more or less disagreeable sound, the result of a partial or a complete interruption to voice or to the breath; in this sense the

consonant should be understood. It is helpful to locate the principal points

at which these obstructions occur. A simple classification might be the

following: first, at the lips, as P. B. M. W; second, at the tip of the tongue

and the hard palate or the upper front teeth, as G (soft), J, T, D, L, S, R,

Z, N; third, at the base of the tongue and the soft palate, as in Q, K, X, G

(hard). Being a classification by place, these groups may be distinguished

as labials, pinguals, and palatals. According to the way in which they are

made, consonants are also divided into two classes; Aspirates, made only

with the breath; vocals, which have some voice sound.

The whole subject of consonants is so broad a one that space here will not permit of an exhaustive consideration. The chorister is referred to two

small volumes on the subject called, English Diction for Singers and Speakers, one by Clara Kathleen Rogers, and the other by Louis Arthur Russell.

Here again much help can be given to the choristers of a stake if a competent vocalist can be secured to give a practical demonstration. In order to point

tht way around some faults, and show some dangers apt to be met with in the use of consonants the following list from A. M. Bell is presented in

conclusion:

"Make clean our hearts"often sounds "Make lean our hearts."

"Can the African change his skin?"often sounds "Can the African Chain his

kin?""Or the leopard his spots?"often sounds "Or the leopard his pots?"

"The cold ground"often sounds "The coal ground."

"An ever better way"often sounds "A never better way."

"An ice drop"often sound "A nice drop."

"A sad dangler"often sounds "A sad angler."

"Chaste stars"often sounds "Chase tars."

"Pain nobody"often sounds "Pay nobody."Etc.

Such faults of pronunciation will be taken up in greater detail in a later lesson on phrasing, expression, etc. But they should receive attention

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE 257

here in connection with consonants, and means discussed for their eradication from our choirs.

Boys and Music

He who has learned to appreciate good music and good singing, who can listen to the compositions of the great masters of music, and feel his soul filled to its depths, by the emotions which they have put into their work, has gained something in his life which nothing but good music can give. "For my soul delighteth in the song of the heart; yea, the song of

the righteous is a prayer unto me, and it shall be answered with a blessing

Cov. 25:12.upon their heads."—Doc. and

We should encourage our singers to sing the songs of Zion. Some

of these hymns are full of inspiration. We must strive for the Holy Spirit

when we attempt these soulstirring hymns. Musical interpretation is the

discovery and expressing of the significance and beauty of musical ideas, and it therefore demands the use of material in which there are beauty and meaning to be expressed. The character of the poem is always a key to the spirit of

the music, and a thoughtful study of the verse as to count, accent, rhyme, phrasing, and the development of climax, will reveal the rhythmical form and melodic structure of the music. The aim is to develop in our young people

an intelligent appreciation and enjoyment of good music, a musical, expressive voice to inspire love of good music, to appreciate the power and beauty of music. At our ward conference we had several of the deacons sing.

Those boys just sang their way into the hearts of all present. We recommend

that you use the boys to do some of your singing. Charles Kent, Rock

Springs Schools, Wyoming.

A Parable (Luke 12:1623)

A man who was rich, looked his storehouse o'er

And greedily smiled and desired more.

Said he: "My barns I must larger build

That with my treasures they may be filled.

Soul, thou hast much laid up for thee!

Rejoice! Eat, drink, and merry be!"

But God looked down on this man of greed,

Saw that all around there were souls in need

Of clothing and shelter and daily bread,

And unto the man he sternly said:

"This night shall thy soul be required of thee,

Thou, fool! then whose shall all these things be?"

So is he whose life unto self is given

And is not rich toward God in heaven.

For the things we take to our home above

Are those which to others we give in love.

Our lives like the Master's must ever be

To dwell in his presence eternally.

Twin Falls, Idaho. S. A. PURRINGTON

MISSION MESSAGES

"Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn the people, and it becometh every man who hath been warned to warn his neighbor. Therefore, they

are left without excuse, and their sins are upon their own heads. He that

seeketh me early shall find me, and shall not be and Cov. forsaken."—Doc.

88:8183.

One Person May Do a Great Work

The ciders are having a larger attendance at their meetings, and also are making more friends at Shiloh, than elsewhere in East Texas. Often

over 150 people meet here to glean from the sermons of the missionaries God's plan of salvation for the human family. Much credit is due Sister Bray,

through whose efforts the elders first visited that vicinity, and now through the kindness of Brother Bray we have the school house to preach in, whenever we can arrange to be there. It is also through this family's efforts that

many are induced to attend our meetings, and Brother Bray hopes, in the near future to help the elders open up new territory around there. Sister

Bray and her parents were converted to the gospel in the northern states.

Later they moved to Utah, then to Idaho, where she met her husband. The

couple came to Texas to make their home, and for nine years there were no "Mormon"elders visited the country where they lived. She wrote to the

Texas headquarters and two years ago they made a visit there, holding a cottage meeting in the evening.

A BAPTISMAL COMPANY, IN SHILOH, EAST TEXAS

Now the other members of their family have been converted, and have entered the true fold of Christ. Prospects are very promising for more baptisms, and it is the desire of all the elders in the East Texas conference the

some day another branch of the Church will be organized there. The picture

shows the crowd who witnessed the entrance of Brother Bray and his son into the fold. Cyril R. Funk.

Raising Funds for the Poor A bazaar recently given under the auspices of the Relief Society to raise funds to help the poor, brought to a close one of the best attended, and most successful conferences ever held in the Aalborg conference of the Danish

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 259

mission. For many months the sisters had been preparing for this event.

The public also generously donated many articles. The stand was especially

arranged to display the contributed articles. After a splendid program, the

articles were sold to the highest bidders by Brother Valdemar Gerlach who awakened a keen interest among the bidders. As a feature of the program

many humorous stories were told by Julius Brunn, president of the Aarhus conference. Evelyn Gerlach, Elna Neilsen, Arna Mogensen, Valdemar Gerlach, Thorvald Therkildsen and the elders contributed greatly to the success

of the program. Elder Fay L. Curtz who has been assigned to the Copenhagen conferences after sixteen months of faithful service as secretary of the

Aalborg conference, was presented with a beautiful hammeredsilver fruit bowl in appreciation of his untiring efforts in the cause. Refreshments were

served before the enjoyable evening was brought to a close. H. S. Lund,

Conference Secretary.

Elders left to right, front row: Fay L. Curtz, released conference secretary; John

S. Hansen, mission president; Christen Larsen, conference president; H. S.

Lund, conference secretary. Back row: Andrew Mollerup, traveling elder:

O. C. Pedersen, Hjorring branch president; Claude Malan; Niels A. Pehrsen,

traveling elder; H. Martin Larsen.

The Sin of Unbelief

The semiannual conference of the Brooklyn conference, of the Eastern

States mission, was held Saturday and Sunday, November 1 and 2. Saturday

evening a general priesthood meeting was held and a roundtable discussion followed in which a number of suggestions were made for the betterment of the work. Means were considered to increase attendance at sacrament meetings, and to make the work more effective, also ways of cooperating with

the Saints.

at The first Sunday session was held at 2700 Broadway, New York, 10 a.m., devoted to the Sunday schools. The afternoon session was held

260 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at 2 o'clock. Elder Alvin R. Dyer and President Len H. Layton were

released. General Church Authorities were sustained. A sextette was rendered by ladies of the New York branch—"My Prophet dear"; and PresiSin ofdent Roberts gave a powerful discourse on "A Message of God—The

Unbelief."The closing session of the conference was held in the Brooklyn

chapel. Elder Alvin R. Dyer was the first speaker and was followed by a

quintette from New York, after which Professor Levi Edgar Young clearly and forcefully expounded some of the fundamentals of "Mormonism."The

Spirit of the Lord was with us in all these services and we feel strengthened because of the "feast of reason and flow of soul"given us during the conference. We have fifteen missionaries in the conference. We feel greatly

blessed in this choice field of labor, and prospects are bright for a successful winter's from a report by A. M. Livingston. campaign.—Condensed

Monuments in Zurich Switzerland

One afternoon, recently, I was working in our meeting hall in Zurich.

Gradually the air vibrated with great force. The windows of the room

rattled. A strange roar,

as of huge motors running at; high speed,

enveloped me. I ran

out onto the street. No

one needed to point out to me the cause of the disturbance in the air. My senses involuntarily 'directed

my eyes to its location majestically—sailing

over the house tops. It

was the Zeppelin. The

bluegray giant seemed to be endowed with superhuman intelligence and with an awesome selfcontrol.

A feeling of my smallness and helplessness filled me. Man is, after all, only a little

animal in contrast with such a monster.

The visit of the ZR-3 to Zurich caused no little disturbance and excitement among the Swiss citizens. Our

picture shows the big ship flying over Zurich, Switzerland. In

the background of the ZR-3 PASSING OVER ZURICH?} ct"\e is the lake of

Zurich. In the foreground, the Grossmunster church. The second picture shows the Zurich

statue of Ulrich Zwingli, a partner of Martin Luther, of Calvin, and of

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 261

Knox in the European Reformation. The

statue of Zwingli and the Munster church are monuments to the past a revolution in—to

relationships among men. The Zeppelin

ispresent—aa monumentmonumentto the

of a revolution in the relationship among nations. Both link

around the quaint city of Zurich in Switzerland.

Just around the cornear from the Munster church is number 13 Church street, which was the former dwelling of Ulrich Swingli.

It is a plain, threestory, stone house.

Over its door is a stone tablet in which is carved

Zwingli's Amtswohnung von diescm Hause zog er am 11. October, 15 U,

mit dem Heere d e r Zurcher nach Kappel aus wo er fur seinen Glauben MONUMENT TO ZWINGLI IN ZURICH sfar fe.

The tablet tells us the story of a man who gave his life for his belief.

Ulrich Zwingli, born January 1, 1484, killed Ooctober 11, 1531, was one of the brave men who fought for freedom of conscience in Switzerland. To

him and to his companions do we, as Latterday Saints, owe a debt of gratitude. It is the result of his service that our missionaries are able and have been

able for seventy years to brighten many Swiss homes with the message of the restoration of Christ's gospel. At times, as at present, there are officials

of this little republic who do not have the same spirit of freedom of conscience which Ulrich Swingli maintained with his life. It was in Zurich in the early

50's where Elder William Budge was confined in an underground cell for several days "because he preached Christ and him crucified."None the

report 3 7less, Zion is growing in the Zurich conference, Switzerland. We

baptisms so far this year. E. Wayne Stratford.

Conference A Spirited We had a most inspiring semiannual conference of Bristol, South.in attendance. TheEngland October 26. President and Sister McKay were

Spirit of the Lord was with us in rich abundance, and every one present left with a greater love for the truth, as contained in the restored gospel of Christ.

Owing to prejudice we were unable to obtain a hall for conference here so it was held in Cheltenham, but I am glad to say that, through the efforts 262 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the Bristol branch president, we have finally obtained a hall in which to hold our Sunday service, which we hope will mark the beginning of better times here. The people are very prejudiced against our Church, wholly because they believe the scurrilous stories which have been circulated against us.

We are endeavoring to break down this prejudice by circulating literature containing statements from reliable sources refuting these stories, trusting that the future will bring forth a richer harvest than we are having at present.

Missionaries laboring in the Bristol conference, British mission, left to right, standing:

Mr. Perring, Plymouth (investigator); K. John Myers, American Fork; Reed

M. Ogden, Richfield; Thomas O. Smith, Ogden; Ben E. Summers, Rexburg;

J. Trevor Buddel, Ogden; Wendell R. Anderson, Salt Lake City. Sitting:

Vernal G. Jones, Salt Lake City; Rulon H. Sanders, Murray, mission secretary

of records; Emma Ray McKay, president Relief Societies, British mission;

Peter J. Clark, American Fork; David O. McKay, president of the European

mission; Don Clyde, Heber City, conference president; Albert G. Stanger.

Idaho Falls.

We are enjoying our missionary labors immensely, and feel that the Lord is blessing us abundantly. We extend our thanks for the Era, because its

splendid articles and uplifting spirit are sources of help and encouragement to us. Thos. O. Smith, Conference Clerk.

New Chapel at Minneapolis, Minn.

Elder Rulon A. Jones, late conference president of the Minnesota conference, whom Glenn W. Koffman has succeeded, sends the following

information:

"The missionaries of this conference have met with good success in their past summer's work in the smaller cities. Much literature was distributed and many friends were made as a result of their labors. During

August, 108 Books of Mormon were sold; 12,000 pamphlets, and 30,000

tracts were distributed; besides many hundred of Books of Mormon and

other books loaned. Sixteen people were baptized in St. Paul and Min

neapolis. Friends and investigators are increasing because of the cooperative

efforts of the Saints and missionaries. Much credit is due the Bureau of

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 263

Information in Salt Lake City for correct and valuable information about the

Latterday Saints given the tourists who visit Salt Lake City every year. It

helps the missionary work very much. The triannual conference, held

October 25 and 26, was attended by President Heber J. Grant and wife,

Elder George Albert Smith, of the Council of the Twelve; and Sister Ruth

May Fox, with President John H. Taylor and wife, and Mission Secretary

George E. Collard of Chicago. The new chapel at Minneapolis was dedicated at the time. There were four public sessions, the first being held in the

St. Paul chapel. Saturday evening, October 25, and the remaining three

convened in the new Minneapolis chapel on Sunday, October 26. Both

places were filled to the limit at every session. President Heber J. Grant

and Elder George Albert Smith spoke in all the meetings, and President

Grant offered the dedicatory prayer in the afternoon session of the conference.

"The new Minneapolis chapel is the first erected on Minnesota soil by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and was built at a cost of $15,000. It is a beautiful building, nicely furnished. Besides the general

assembly room with a seating capacity of 280, a class and council room on the main floor; a large recreation room, a baptismal font, two class rooms,

and a modern kitchen on the basement floor. The building is a credit to

the Church, and the members of the Minneapolis branch have just cause to feel happy and proud of their new chapel."

A Book of Mormon Incident Writing from Albany, New York, Leland G. Larsen reports excellent

progress in that conference. The elders are explaining the gospel to a number

of investigators and are looking for a number of baptisms soon. Their street

meetings have been especially successful. One evening after the meeting an

elderly gentleman came up and testified to the elders that every word which they had spoken was true. He told this story:

Not long ago his wife had purchased a Book of Mormon which she gave to him to read, but he threw it out of the door into the back yard.

Elders of the Albany branch. Left to right: Eldon Wittwer, Bunkerville, Nevada;

Leland G. Larsen, Duchesne: J. Raymond Siddoway, Vernal, Utah; Richard A.

Pearce, Brigham City. Utah; Wm. C. Tebbs, conference president, Panguitch,

Utah. 264 IMPROVEMENT ERA

After many days his little boy picked up the book and gave it to his father.

The book was open when he brought it in, soiled and injured by the rain.

At first he was angry at the thought of the child bringing it back into the house. He glanced at the open page before him and rend something cf

baptism. He became curious and desired to know what the "Mormons"

believed about baptism. Having read some of the book, he became interested

and decided to read it through, which he did, and afterwards sought other standard works of the Church. He now says that the Book of Mormon is

is most wonderful'book he has ever read, and also declares that he and his family have been looking for this gospel for a number of years.

Three "Mormon"Missionaries in South Sea Storms

The rattle of bottles as the dairyman went his accustomed rounds broke the stillness ol that tropical morning on the island of Papeete, Tahiti, January 16, 1924, when we were scheduled to leave for our field of labor, the island of Tubuai, 360 miles to the south. As the ship was to leave at

8 a.m., we had no time to meditate on the surrounding beauties of nature,

but were busily engaged in getting our belonging on board, and after an excellent breakfast at mission headquarters, the usual goodbys were said, and

President Peterson wished us God speed, we boarded the ship to take what proved to be the most hazardous voyage of our lives.

We were towed out of the pass by a motor boat, and it was not long until we were buffeting the waves in open sea and seasickness began. We

took our turn with the rest, since it takes an experienced seaman to withstand the onslaught of the elements as these boats (being small) toss considerably. There were twentynine passengers on board, we three elders

being the only white men in that number. At about 3 p.m. we sighted a

school of porpoises and after about an hour's struggle, succeeded in harpooning one, only to lose him again in the fight to get him on board. At about

5:30 p.m. a fierce gale arose, and as the wind howled through the rigging

the rain poured from a leaden sky. We knew we were in for a bad night.

The storm continued throughout the night and though the little boat ploughed fearlessly on, it seemed for a time that we were doomed to be washed overboard, as large waves swept the deck. By 10 a.m. next morning,

however, the wind gradually subsided and we sailed steadily along, making a distance of a hundred and twentyfive miles that day, and two hundred and ninety in all since leaving Papeete.

The following morning, Friday, the 18th, we expected to sight the island for which he had embarked; but, though by night fall we had

traveled three hundred and sixty miles, no land was in sight, the storm evidently had driven us off our course, and we were lost in the great Pacific

Ocean. For three days we sailed a few miles in one direction, then a few

miles in another, traveling about 30 miles. Sunday and Monday was calm

so we drifted with the current. On Tuesday, the 22nd, a wind came up and

we were still hunters of land. We were not discouraged, however, for deep

within us was the assurance that God would protect us, and we felt that land was near.

On the following morning at dawn there was great rejoicing in the hearts of all, as the island of Tubuai was sighted about twentyfive miles to the left. We immediately changed our course, heading for the island and,

as a storm was coming up, every effort was put forth to hastily reach the pass. Good headway was made until noon. The wind became stronger

as the day progressed. About 4 p.m. just as entrance to the pass was reached,

the guide jib sail ripped, and to prevent going onto the reef we headed for the open sea. It immediately became dark and we were in the midst of a

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 265

howling tempest: the wind blowing 90 miles per hour. All sails were

lowered except the second jib which was kept up to balance the boat, and there being very little cargo aboard it was with difficulty that capsizing was prevented.

As the night advanced and the storm increased in fury, the boat almost capsized four times. The third time, as the boat turned on its side, we

were as if suspended in the air and when our side of the boat struck the water we were thrown with great force 'mid boxes and trunks to the other side of the boat, as it almost turned completely over. Throughtout that

long night, as the tempest raged and the sea seemed like a sething mass ready to swallow the boat and its occupants, we felt the Lord was protecting us.

The storm lasted nearly all next day. At 5 p.m. the wind slackened.

The following morning, Friday, the 25th, a most beautiful sight greeted our eyes. The sky dotted with white clouds and the waves rising to a

great height; the sea a dark blue with large white caps breaking near and

far, the morning very beautiful. This continued all day. By Sunday the

sea was very calm as if some unheard Voice had uttered once again, "Peace, be still."Four four days all was calm, but no land appeared in sight.

We had been sixteen days at sea; our water supply was exhausted and most

of our provision spoiled by the salt water and the storm.

The crew almost dispaired of seeing land again, placed the ship under our direction. So, praying earnestly that the Lord would direct us in our

course, we felt impressed to turn southward, and so instructed the crew.

About an hour later, a white bird was seen flying in the direction we were now going, and, as the wind increased we were soon sailing at a fair rate of speed. At 10:20 am., the following morning, land was again

sighted, which proved to be the island of Raevarai, on which we landed at 10 a.m., Feb. 2, 1924.

This island, according to native reports, was the one on which elder

J. Brown, one of the first missionaries to these parts, narrow!-/ escaped

being burned at the stake, and it had not been visited by the elders since 1895. Here we remained for some weeks recuperating from our trying experience and preaching the gospel.

We sailed for Tubuai. our original destination, Feb. 25, and after

a pleasant trip of two days reached our field of labor. We had traveled a

distance of 1287 miles in twenty days to reach an island which under ordinary conditions would have been made in a few days, but we are grateful to have reached here, and thank our heavenly Father for his watchful care over us, knowing that only through Divine Providence have we been spared from a watery grave. Elder Stanley W. Bird. Orovini, Papeete Tahiti,

Society Islands.

News from Hawaii The West Maui conference, comprising most of the island of Maui, also the islands of Molokai and Lanai, is one of the most important conferences in the Hawaiian mission. It is made up of sixteen branches with an approximate membership of two thousand Saints. The majority are Hawaiian, but

there are also a few Chinese and Portugese members. The branches are at

some distance from one another and from the conference headquarters which is situated at Wailuku. This condition necessitates a good deal of traveling

on the part of the elders, which is done in a number of ways. Much walking

of course, is done, but the elders also use the small railway operated by the plantations of the island, and the conference is fortunate enough to have a

Ford car, donated by the Saints some six years ago, and although much dilipidated, still runs..

The Saints of the conference are faithful members and are strict observers of the law of tithing, this conference ranking second in the mission 266 IMPROVEMENT ERA

on the tithing record. The baptisms up to date have reached sixty, a decided

increase over last year and prospects are good for November and December.

The auxiliary organizations are all represented in the conference, and during the past two months two BeeHive swarms have been organized and are now doing splendid work. The missionaries of West Maui appreciate the Era

and eagerly look forward for each issue. They extend their Aloha Nut

Ford Roberts, Conto all who are out preaching the gospel of Christ.—/.

ference President, West Maui Conference, P. O. Box 272, Wailuku,

Maui, T. H.

Left to right, top row: W. H. Horton. Eugene J. Neff, mission president; I. Ford

Roberts, conference president; George W. Hall. Second row: W. M. Hodson.

conference clerk, Hawaiian Sunset; Marguerite V. Gordon, mission president

Y. L. M. I. A. Third row: E. F. Packham; Wallace Lazenby; Spencer E.

Saville. Fourth row: George R. Hammond; Athen L. Reese.

Prejudice and Indifference "Work in the East Kansas conference is progressing. We are meeting

with much success, although there is a great deal of prejudice, and we find many people very indifferent in regard to our faith, but we are endeavoring with all our efforts to find the honest in heart and to bring them to a knowledge of the truth."George R. Woolley. President East Kansas Conference.

Elders and lady missionaries, front row, left to right: Malissa Gribble, Salina;

Lucy Houston, Lovell, Wyoming; George R. Wooley, Salt Lake City; Urol

Major, Layton; Myrtle Johnston, Teton, Idaho; Mae Wolfley, Etna, Wyoming;

second row: Serge N. Benson, Logan; Edith Hacking, Magrath, Alberta, Canada;

Sterling Cook. Provo; Dudley Hardy, Bunkerville, Nevada; Glen M. Bennion,

Vernal; A. M. Goodman, St. David, Arizona; back row: Franklin W. Maesset,

Hunter; Clarence R. LaFever, Panguitch; Maurine Leigh, Cedar City; L. J.

Esplin Orderville; Hilda E. Punborough, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Appreciates His Mission

Elder Eugene Sloan, former student of the University of Utah, laboring as a missionary in Portland, Northwestern States mission, reports to Superintendent Richard R. Lyman that he likes his location and has found that the

people are exceptionally kind to the missionaries, also that fine progress is being made there under the competent presidency of Brigham S. Young,

under whose supervision he declares it is a pleasure to labor. "You have

to get right out into the field before you can actually appreciate the values and importance of missionary work. I have listened to testimonies and expressions of delight concerning this work all my life from those who had engaged in it; still, it required a few weeks of actual experience before I reached

a position where I could understand why a mission is praised so highly. It

seems to me that if a young fellow could appreciate, more fully, the oppor* tunity for development this work affords, without engaging in it, the Church authorities would be worked to death handling applications for missionary

I was younger.calls. For my own part I am glad that I did not go when

I believe I am more capable of appreciating the privilege that has been given me now than I would have been a few years earlier. As a result both the

is a big advantage towork and myself are benefited. I find that my schooling

me and the months of time I would have had to spend training myself, ordinarily, after arriving in the field have been put to more profitable use. It

is gratifying to be able to make worthy use of an expensive schooling; you

feel that the time, money, and effort spent is done for a good purpose.

"I can't help but wonder at the opportunity afforded 'Mormon'fellows that the other young men of the world do not have. A chance to develop

themselves, see the world, gain the correct conception of life and what it means, help others less fortunate, and, above all, a chance to prove to their complete satisfaction that God lives and is personally directing this work for our eternal welfare. If I can return to the world but a small portion of the

good I have received I will be satisfied. If the complete result of my mission

I will feel well repaid for is only my testimony as to the divinity of this work it. the time spent. It certainly is a wonderful work and I'm glad I am in

The best thing I can wish any young fellow is the same chance.

THE ROAD FROM YESTERDAY By Ezra J. Poulsen

[Would this story have been better had it held that the son should take the unselfish part. instead of pushing ahead of the father and getting the job

for himself? Of course, the son did not know that the offer had been made

to the father, but as the story goes, it reminds one of the story of Abraham and Lot. (See Genesis 12 and 13 and 19:1729.) Lot chose the richest

part of the country and Abraham was left in a dry spot, but the outcome was disastrous for selfish Lot, and he was compelled to seek the help of Abraham in the end. When the author's, attention was called to this, he wrote:

"I desired to have illustrated the quality of unobtrusive service. From my

own point of view the comparison with Abraham and Lot is true with regard to Abraham and Gregory, but not between Fleming and Lot. The

thought I really sought to emphasize is that doing the commonplace things well, and developing high quality in one's posterity is nothing short of great success. It is a rather settled conviction with me that, for every one who

stands out in the limelight there are at least several who stand back in the shadows, and have toiled unceasingly to make the one's achievement possible.

I It is to have builded even better than they knew—that them—they who

would pay tribute."—EDITORS.]

Gregory Stoddard's day of big opportunity was slow in coming;

but when it finally did arrive, it found him waiting with his lamp filled and his soul attuned to heed the call. He was particularly busy

at the grocery store with an influx of morning customers when the telephone rang with the message from Dryal Benson Company. Accordingly he answered hastily, almost mechanically, while he held six

cans of Sego milk and four bars of pure white soap under the hollow of his left arm; but the deep precise voice in the receiver brought

him to instant attention, and made his words eagerly respectful. "Yes,

yes, sir; I'll be glad to; thankj you very much."Turnyou—thank

ing back to his feminine customer, his face glowed with intense satisfaction. "Milk, sixty; soap, twentyfive; cheese, fifty; salt, ten;

total, one fortyfive,"he sang, pushing the articles across the counter.

"Thanks, call again."

Every inch of Gregory, from the ground up, contributed visibly to his appearance as a successful groceryman. His medium height was

accompanied by medium weight, which combined strength with briskness, durability with poise; and as for his substantial face, it was

cordiality and dignity compounded with accuracy and patience. Gray

hair and fifty notwithstanding, he was generously equipped with reserves of adaptability and enthusiasm.

He assured himself of this repeatedly during the day of the call from the Dryal Benson Company. It had been uphill plodding thus

far, and had taken perceptibly longer than he had originally planned to build his thriving little business up to its present status: but according

THE ROAD FROM YESTERDAY 269

to the financial wiseacres the first accumulations were immeasurably the most difficult; hence he concluded, the years with which he had

matched his strength were not in vain, even if they had been charged with disappointment. A triumphant smile embellished his compressed

mouth, and he threw an askant glance at his watch, as he thought of the six o'clock appointment uptown, which was the direct result of the morning call.

The nature of the proposition that would be laid before him by the President of the Dryal Benson Grocery Company he well understood, though there had been no specific statement conveying this information over the telephone. It was merely one of those matters

that have the quality of getting heralded in advance by insistent rumors. For weeks, though, no one seemed to have any authoritiative information, everyone in the trade knew, or pretended to know, that

the Dryal Benson Company was looking for a new manager to take charge of its splendid chain of grocery stores in the state. Some of

Gregory's friends had been so generous as to predict the place to him.

This had been said merely in fun, originally, but upon serious second thought, they had concluded, "Why not? * * * Old Stoddard

* * * would make a crackerjack in that place."

In direct sequence, Stoddard himself, mulling the possibility over during his secret moments, had muttered in a sort of telepathic echo, "Why not?"Promptly at thirty minutes before the appointed time he backed his small car out of the garage, and drove uptown in the dull, midwinter twilight. On sixteenth street he parked on the limited space

next a fire hydrant, and with the appearance of more reserve than he felt, walked straight into the spacious office of Sylvester O. Dryal.

The president was liberal in his greeting, which made Gregory immediately feel at home; and as he relaxed in the quarteredoak

armchair, facing the man at the big flat top desk, he grew in selfreliance.

"Mr. Stoddard, we want your help,"announced Dryal poignantly.

"You're welcome to it, such as it is,"was Gregory's rejoinder.

At that moment the groceryman measured himself cautiously, and he rejoiced at the discovery that he was neither* flattered nor awed by the suggestion.

The suave, corpulent executive appraised him carefully through darkrimmed glasses and narrow discerning eyes. "We're looking for

a new manager for our local division,"he stated. "How would you

like to come in with us and add your store to our group at your own figure?"Gregory's heart bumped his epiglottis, and he had a hard fight to remain casual in the presence of a highly appreciated opportunity. He

conveyed an impression of perfect selfmastery, however, when he re- 2 70 IMPROVEMENT ERA

marked that he would be very glad to give the matter careful consideration. "I'm thinking of taking my son into my business. I'd like

to talk it over with him. It may be that I'd want to leave him in

charge of my store."

"That would be agreeable, very agreeable,"declared Mr. Dryal,

tilting his big body comfortably back in his swivel chair, "What we want is a capable manager who can take the responsibility, and build according to our plans. He must have aggressiveness combined with

big vision and practical judgment. As president of the company I

favor you, if we can get you: and I'm quite sure my choice will pass

the directors."

The first effect of the president's attitude made Gregory feel excessively diminutive, but he bravely measured the task, and pronounced himself capable. Intuitively he began feeling back along the

woven thread of his past, trusting its strength expertly. He was glad

he had been diligent in mastering the fundamentals of bookkeeping back in the old days. It was likewise with pleasure that he recalled

several innovations, now thoroughly established, he had had the foresight to install; and lastly, he gloried in his recent correspondence

studies in Business Administration. The course was still unfinished,

but he had most of the meat in it, anyway. think it over,""I—I'll

he proffered.

The drive back to the store was memorable. Gregory backed the

car from its groove, and headed it down state street at a speed quite too liberal for him. But his grip on the wheel was iron; he was

dominated by the mood of energy; and so finely sensitive was his

nervous system that his foot fairly itched to tickle the accelerator.

"Think it over!"He had already thought it over. The dawn of his

great day was about to break, and he knew from the beginning what his answer would be. He was humanly eager to talk it over with

Elizabeth and the children. They would be proud of him. Fleming

in particular would be delighted with the full management of the store. That was a splendid opportunity indeed for a young fellow

about to be married. His train of thought and his agile little car raced

on until to his surprise he found his headlights glaring at his own garage door, and the engine was truckling impatiently to be admitted.

Home was waiting for Gregory with its full quota of happiness.

A rosy coal fire danced in the living room fire place, and supper was set in the dinning room. Elizabeth, with her raven hair and winsome

smile, greeted him in radiant sweetness, while the girls brought the food from the warming over in the kitchen.

"H'llo, Daddie,"cried Muriel. "You're late tonight. You'll

have to give an extra kiss for punishment."Accordingly she puckered

her thirteenyear-old mouth to collect the fine, and he rejoiced in the payment, together with its accompaniment of curly bobbed hair and violet eyes, like her mother's.

THE ROAD FROM YESTERDAY 271

"No fair,"objected Olga; "Me, too."And laughingly, her

budding womanhood and announced engagement offered no interference, she came in for her share of the carresses.

"Fleming hasn't come yet, so we'll not wait,"announced Elizabeth with motherly solicitude. "He must be working late."

"All right, Mother."During the meal Gregory was greatly

invigorated by the thought of the choice surprise he was going to spring on his family. He knew they would rejoice in his good fortune,

in reaffirm their undyingand that particular—would they—Elizabeth

faith in him. It made him feel somewhat of a hero to know this, but

he refrained from making the initial statement, knowing the longer he waited the sharper the climax would seem. It would be just as well

to wait for Fleming anyway. The man in reality boy—young

would be very glad to hear.

Fleming had all those qualities necessary to make him the apple of his father's eye. Steady, industrious, intelligent, he had been a

faithful delivery boy, an energetic clerk, a rousing good student, and now at twentysix was temporarily a bookkeeper at one of the city banks. He was not satisfied, however, and had frequently expressed

his preference to be at the head of a small, growing business. No

other desire could have been so ideally in harmony with existing circumstances; and Gregory, while taking part in the usual pleasantries at

the table, continued to develop this thought into a beautiful air castle.

But suddenly the door was thrust open, and Fleming in person fairly rushed into the room, his face aglow with excitement. He

threw his hat and overcoat carelessly on the rack. "Gee, Mother and

Daddy, I've gone and done it now,"he declared, taking his place at the table. "Done what?"they both demanded in a breath.

"I've started out after the biggest thing I've ever attempted,"he dilated. "The cashier and the president have both given me a

heary recommendation, and they think with Daddy's help I'll land it."

"Land what?"Gregory Stoddard spoke with paternal impatience.

"The managership of the Dryal Benson string of stores.

Haven't you heard they were getting a new man?"Then without

waiting for an answer: "Funny, you being in business the way

you are!"For just an instant a deadening chill clutched at Gregory's heart, see,"he faltand the room grew a trifle unsteady. "O—Oh, yes—I

ered; then added briskly, "Why, yes, yes, that's a great idea!"

The gamut of human emotions varies from the highly elemental to the highly socialized, and Gregory immediately suffered exposure to the entire range. A wave of resentment surged through his being

at the first impression of his son's announcement. The idea seemed

presumptuous. He had been so sure Fleming would be happy with

the management of the store, which was the result of a lifetime devo- -.272 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tion, that the knowledge to the contrary was like a sharp rebuke "Young people now-a-days want to go too fast, expect too much for little,"he criticized to himself.

"Golly, Mother and Daddy, I'm so enthusiastic about that position

I can scarcely think of anything else. I've grown up in a grocery

store, and I've had a college course in commerce and finance. That

position just puts me on my toes with eagerness to work. Why don't

you say something?"The young man looked to his father and mother

through wide set but small, dynamic, brown eyes, while his mouth, rather wide and generous, was drawn into an interrogating smile.

1 answer, andElizabeth turned to her husband, clearly waiting for him to the girls both hung in expectant eagerness for his reaction. Gregory

swallowed hard, and turned from one to the other of the members of his happy family. He saw what he must inevitably say, and held

his own little dream manfully in abeyance.

"Why, boy of mine,"he promised jovially, "you are man enough to fill the position, and we won't leave a stone upturned to stand in the way of your getting it."Instantly his soul delighted in the joy of

selfsacrifice, and he began the vigorous task of reasoning out a plan of reconstruction. Fleming was young but capable, and the big

promotion would carry immensely more potential achievement at twentysix than it would at fifty. Besides, he could be happy running

the one little store. Anyway, was not Fleming his boy? And was

not the son's success also the father's?

When supper was over Gregory went to the telephone in rhe hall, and carried on a long conversation which the other members of the family did not hear; upon returning a broad smile was framed

on his plain face, and he greeted Fleming as the future manager of

Dryal Benson Company, district number one.

The rest of the evening was spent around the fireplace, discussing

Fleming's good fortune; then, before retiring, Gregory stood in the

darkness by the bedroom window, gazing long and reminiscently at the winter moonlight. The tiny, crusted wavelets on the guilded snow

seemed metamorphosed into the tombstones of a thousand yesterdays.

He thought all back along the way and was sorry he had not been able to accomplish bigger things, but rejoiced in the bright possibilities of his son. A pair of soft arms stole around his neck, and Elizabeth

drew him into the subdued light of the window. that "I—I—knew

place was offered to you,"she murmured, "but I didn't know what to say, Dear, you were so fine about it. Fleming wouldn't think of accepting it, if he knew."

"That's onereason why he'll be a big success, not knowing,"

Gregory answered proudly.

Elizabeth's arms tightened. "Yes,"she whispered, her voice

tremulous with love, "and for the same reason, together with a million others, you are a tremendous success yourself."

HIS FIRST LION By Will Dobson

After the lambing was over and the lambs had all be marked and docked, the sheep were moved from the lambing grounds into

Prospect valley. Harvey's campboss stayed with him two days to help

bold the herd in the valley. Then with a joy he could not hide, he

hitched to the light camp wagon and rattled merrily off to the comforts and pleasures of town, fortyeight miles away.

"Back in ten days!"had been his parting shout. But Harvey

knew him too well to expect any such miracle. He was always

promising to be, "back in ten days,"and returning in anywhere from two to three weeks. The apologies and explanations were always

ample, if sometimes rather "fishy."

So now Harvey Walton was left alone with the herd. This

had been his first experience with sheep, and through the shearing and lambing season it had been hard work with little sleep. But his

uncle, owner of the herd, had promised him an easy and pleasant summer in a wonderful country. Now he found the promise coming

true.

After the closecropped rocky desolation of the lambing ground.

it all "feed,"Prospect valley was a revelation. The campboss called

but to Harvey it was glorious summer foliage and flowers. Until

the herd had come, there had been no animals save three or four outlaw steers and as many mustang horses, the tracks of which could be seen once in a while, but so far not a glimpse of the track makers.

So Prospect valley had been allowed to grow in the warm spring it a fairylandsunshine undisturbed, until now the early June found of vendure and blossom. In the little sharp hollows leading into

the valley on all sides were cool, dark bowers of birch and oak with clematis falling in flowering cascades from the branches and a carpet of rankgrowing grass and flowers through which trickled little pebbly bottomed streamlets. On the more open stretches of the

valley floor were fields of peavines and meadows of redtop and timothy hedged about with thickets and irregular walls and fences of wild roses. These were now in full bloom, and the billowing pink

stretched in glorious freshness and grace far up the valley to blend in the distance with the equally gorgeous pink of the Pink cliffs to the north, and down the valley to where the walls of white sandstone narrowed to form Deer Spring gap.

It was a fresh delight, every morning, to waken to the peaceful, contented bleat of the ewes and lambs, the tinkle of the bells that spoke of quiet browsing, and the full chorus of the birds that 2 74 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sang from every thicket. No more did he have to hustle out at daybreak and get around a wandering, discontented herd. So rich was

the feed that they would not travel at all. There was nothing to do

but watch for coyotes and cats, with once in awhile a trip around all the tracks to see that no little bunch had managed to stray off and get lost. "And I get real money for enjoying all this,"he marvelled.

"The good old Uncle is paying me hard coin "for taking the vacation of my life. Oh, well; I earned it all while we were shearing and

lambing. 'You little bird that somewhere yonder sings 'In the dimhour 'twixt dreams and dawn—'I'll bet that poet was a sheep herder

and was camped right here when he got that great stuff off. I know

he was: I can hear the very same bird. 'I think you must be more thanbird—'and that's the eternal truth. Whether that bird knows it or

not, it's certainly singing an angel song. But I'm going fishing today. Time to arise."

Breakfast over, and a light lunch prepared, Harvey got out the fishing tackle which all sheep camps in that region kept on hand, took up the camp rifle and with the faithful and intelligent camp dog "Jeff,"at his heels set off up the valley toward the Pink cliffs. He

finally decided to leave the valley floor and follow up a ridge. There

was no getting through the rank thickets and tangles of shubbery.

The ridge proved more open and he finally came upon a trail that led him up the crest of the ridge to the break in the Pink ledges through which he had been told he must climb. Here he found a halfmile

of stiff climbing, then he was on top of the wonderful Pink cliffs through which is cut, less than ten miles away from where Harvey stood, the tinted tracery of Bryce's canyon. With the enthusiasm of

the climber, he sought the highest point. Here the glories of the

panorama held him long. To the south, terrace after terrace dropped

away toward the distant Colorado. In the middle distance lay the

blue Kaibab, the wonderful "sleeping mountain,"as the Indians had named it. Far off to the southeast, almost the width of a state away,

a purple peak stood out from the translucent lavenders and heliotropes of the Painted desert. This he had been told was Navajo mountain, standing apart in a land where few white men had been allowed

to explore. Between himself and that mighty desert dweller, he knew

there lay a land of deep box canyons, of ruins of rude homes built before history's dawn, of natural bridges, of petrified forests, of rivers that ran on sands of gold, and of outlaws whose names were the terror of more states than one.

Looking westward he could see the sharp outlines, ethereal in the morning sunshine, of the cliffs of Little Zion. Back of him, the

forest cover lay dark and cool and inviting. He was now over the

divide that separates the Great Basin from the Colorado river basin.

A halfmile walk brought him to the stream for which he had made

HIS FIRST LION 273

the climb, and to a day of fishing where the problem was to keep from taking to camp more than he could eat before they should spoil.

All the way down the ridge on his homeward trip from the day's fishing, Harvey kept repeating to end of a perfect himself,"—the

day."He would hold up his string of speckled beauties and study

them with deep satisfaction as he remembered the fight they had put up. He would gaze off into space, or contemplate the peaceful prospect with an equal satisfaction.

"Yes,"he said again to himself, with a final conviction, "this is truly the end of a perfect day. I had heard of them. Now I know

what they are like."

Just then "Jeff,"the dog, stopped suddenly from his inquisitive sniffing of the trail to give a deep growl, followed by a whimper of fear. His bristles stood on end. After seemingly, studying the little

thicket in the deep hollow below them with deep anxiety, he circled about Harvey uneasily, whining his dread to his master.

Harvey with a stiffening of the backbone that corresponded to the raising of Jeff's bristles, threw his rifle to position for use and cautiously worked his way down the steep slope into the hollow.

Among the birch of the hollow stood one great oak with farspread branches and dense foliage. It was dark in there, and a little

gurgling streamlet seemed to be telling some weird gossip in a confidential undertone. There was real awe in Harvey's breathless and

soundless invasion of the dark depths. There was a real thrill of terror

in the start he gave when his peering eyes finally made out some black form beneath the great tree. With steady nerves, but with a slight

crinkling of the scalp and back, he held his eyes on the black outline and began a slow, alert advance. It proved to be merely a freshkilled

black mustang. But the manner in which he had met his death, as

Harvey studied it out, gave the boy cause for serious thought. It

was evident that some animal which, from the tracks, Harvey decided was a mountain lion, had dropped on the back of the black mustang from the limb of the oak tree. There were the marks of a terrific

struggle on the brush and weeds of the thicket. The horse's throat

had been eaten into right up to the bones of the neck. Harvey couldn't

help wondering what would have happened if he, instead of the horse, had been the one to come under that oak limb. The thought

cast a slight chill on the day he had called perfect. Another thought

no more pleasant came to him. That lion would be certain to get

into the herd. The damage it would do would be fearful. He had

been told of such cases, where sheep had been killed by the hundred by one lion at one time. They kill as the cat plays with the mouse,

just for the fun of it. He tried to track the big beast, but could not

in the grass and weeds. So he went on to camp with a sober resolution to be more watchful of the herd and to be ready for the lion

when it should come. There had come a slight cloud over the sun,

276 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and the lone boy felt that all the joy had gone out of what he had been calling a perfect day. Perhaps, after all, there are no perfect days.

He had no desire for the supper of fried fish on which he had been doting while the day seemed perfect. So he went around the tracks

of the herd carefully, gathered some wood for the morning, gave the rifle a careful and wholly superfluous cleaning and oiling, tested the sights and his aim with special care and great seriousness, and finally built up a fire and tried to read. But the old magazine didn't have

its usual interest for him, and he finally went to bed. Here he lay

and pictured the lion in his herd, and his job of shooting him.

Harvey had never seen a mountain lion, and those who had told him of them had naturally tried to add to the interest of their stories by making them as near hairraising as possible. He had been used

to a gun all his life; but only the past few, months had been shooting

a heavy rifle. He wondered if he could keep his nerves steady. Wondering if he could keep his nerves steady. Wondering he went off to

sleep, the deep slumber of active life in the open air.

It was only the grey dawn when a gust of bleating ewes and lambs and jangling of bells wakened him. The lion! Something

was stampeding the herd. It could be nothing else. He slipped into

his overalls, pulled on his heavy shoes, hurriedly wrapped the laces around his ankles and tied them, not stopping to do any lacing, grabbed the rifle and ran for the bed ground. As he ran he threw a cartridge from the rifle magazine into the firing chamber. Then through

nervousness he worked the leaver again, throwing that cartridge out and another in.

"That won't do,"he thought, and he tried to get better control of himself. The bedground was fed off and he could see the

lion. It seemed merely to be playing with the sheep. But coming

closer, he could see the nature of the play. With a kittenish leap,

the beast would pounce on a ewe or lamb, throw it down, eat its way with savage little throaty growls into the sheep's throat, chewing and growling as long as the victim struggled, then when the sheep went limp, leaving it for another..

This was what Harvey must stop. He must save every possible

sheep. He began yelling as he ran, and the terrified Jeff, still whimpering on the bed in camp, answered with a mournful howl. At this the

lion paused to look and listen. As it straightened up to a listening

attitude, Harvey's heart skipped a beat to see how tall it stood and what a figure of power it was standing there in the dawn.

"Now, while he is still, is my chance,"he thought, and put his rifle to his shoulder for a careful aim at the full breast. Where

the dark sides shaded to yellow, and then to a light cream in the middle of the breast, he tried to hold his sights. The animal appeared not the least curious as to the strange visitor afraid—only

and his strange actions. He seemed almost friendly standing there

HiS FIRST LION 2f

gently swinging his long tail. It was only by remembering the bleeding sheep and the mutilated mustang that Harvey could bring himself to pull the trigger. With a final tightening of his muscles on

the rifle, he fired.

The big beast made not a sound. There was a sudden, surprised spring almost straight into the air, a frenzied biting at its breast

as it whirled round and round, then a wild, blind dash right toward

Harvey, and the animal dropped in a limp heap.

Harvey watched it nervously for a time. He wouldn't shoot again

for fear of spoiling the hide. Finally he edged closer, jabbed the limp

carcass tentatively with the rifle, and knew for a certainty that it was dead. "And one shot did it,"he thought with pride as he measured the distance from where he had stood to where the lion had been standing. He found it had been two hundred yards. Then his thought

was to measure the animal. By stepping carefully he decided it measured about twelve feet from nose to tip of tail. This he afterwards

found was not far out. Forgetting the fish he had planed to fry for

breakfast he rounded up the wandering sheep, held them until they quieted, then proceeded with a vast satisfaction to skin his first lion.

"A perfect day,"he mumbled to himself with a chuckle, "now

I do know what they mean when they boast of a perfect day."

The Laggard's Lament

The sun is setting now behind the ocean far away,

And I am taking notes of what I haven't done today.

I haven't cheered a lonely heart nor raised my voice above.

To sing aloud with joy and praise the glories of God's love.

I haven't visited the sick, nor set the captive free,

Nor have I brought a soul to Christ where all the ransomed be.

Nor entered in my memory book the name of a dear friend,

I should send. To whom in sorrow, pain or grief, some comfort

I haven't cheered one lonely soul, nor helped him bear his load,

As up the steep, steep hill of life he tottered on the road.

I haven't set he sinner free, nor brought him to the Lord,

Though I could give him courage by a single, cheerful word.

I feel, And so my heart is heavy, my own great cross

I kneel. I faint beneath my own great load as now in prayer

How can I consciously ask the Lord to help me through,

When I refuse to help a soul to find his Savior true.

I soothed a heart bowed down, give me back those blessed days when 1 helped a neighbor bear his cross that I might wear a crown.

There is reward for our good deeds, as we pass life's road along, 'tis glory to be strong. And virtue is its own reward,

Oakland, California. ANNIE G. LAURITZEN.

A BATHROBE ESCAPADE By Glen Perrins

When I hurriedly entered the livingroom late one Sunday morning attired in a bathrobe, and to my surprise and dismay encountered two of mother's friends, I thought the embarrassing experience would cure me of my careless habit of appearing around the house "half dressed."But it didn't. My robe de nuit escapade, however,

did. "Jimmy,"called my mother, "please get up and take your father to work in the car. It's too early for a trolley, and he's too tired to

walk the ten blocks to the factory."

"Coming mother,"I yelled down the stairs. Then I yawned,

stretched and reached for my bathrobe and shoes. Something seemed

to tell me that I ought to "get fully dressed, but my "bathrobe habit"got the best of I quieted the small voice inside me and hurme,—

riedly stomped down stairs.

"Jim!"mother fairly shouted at me, as I opened the door. "You

come right back here and get dressed!"

But I was too near the garage and father was impatiently waiting.

"Don't worry, Mom,"I answered hurriedly, "no one'11 see me at this early hour."And then, as she turned, sort of outof-patience

with me, I called, "I'm in a closed car, too. Nobody will ever know

the be right back."difference.—I'll

The sputtering of an unmuffled automobile drowned out the rest of mother's objections. Father and I sped down the muddy road.

I soon made the trip to the motor hummed along factory—the

and things went nicely.

"So long, Daddy,"I said, "don't work too hard today."

"Goodbye,"he answered shutting the automobile door, "tell

Mother I'll be home early."

"Okay,"I cried, giving the steering wheel a half turn. I was

bound for home and a couple of hours sleep before I did "the daily grind."Then the engine began to sputter and "backfire.""It must be

the sultry weather's fault,"I thought to myself as I pulled out the "choker."It might have been, for it was starting to rain, but then

again it might car began jerking and jumping down the not,—the

avenue. Then on Main street, in the middle of town, with a sort of

sob, the engine died. Out of gas!

Then it rained!

"Nice predicament,"I muttered. "Stalled on Main street with

A BATHROBE ESCAPADE 279

the nearest service station at least a half mile in a away.—And me

bathrobe!"People were beginning to appear on the streets, not a few of them were girls. Just across the street were some standing under

dripping umberellas waiting for the first car.

"Captain John Smith never had to run a gauntlet like the one

I'm about to stage,"I said to myself, as I tightened my checkered bathrobe about my body. I still hesitated to venture forth, however.

I sat still trying to find a way out; an embarrassing momentsolution,

as it were.

Suddenly I had a bright idea. I had a school penant in the

back seat. Reaching quickly for it, I splashed boldly into the street

armed with the colors.

Of course, I was greeted with loud guffaws from the men and hearty handkerchiefcovered snickers from some of the girls. Everyone was staring, but they seemed to understand. Many were sympathetic. One girl (I shall always like her) said some of the faternity

initiations were "simply terrible,"and that the dean ought to punishthem—"why, he might catch his death of cold."

But I didn't. I managed to get a gallon of gas and to conceal

it beneath my bathrobe until I got to the "thirsty"automobile. Then,

after a few eager sputters I sped home. What I did catch, however,

was a cure for gettin only "half dressed."Today, when I leave the

house, I am fully clad. I think that after this, my most embarrassing

experience, I shall always do so, even though there be a fire.

And, I hate bathrobes!

The Mountains

The mountains rise high in their splendor,

Projecting far into the blue, With crags and large stratas of ore,

Green verdure, and pure water, too,

The spell of the vast, wooded ranges

Lies over the forest and dale;

Like a blessing of love to the granges,

From angels beyond the veil.

The mists now have vanished, and sunshine

Is flooding the stillness of dawn;

The sentinel's cry of the night time

Has faded away and gone.

Oh! What is so great as God's glory

Displayed to the sight of man;

As the mountains unfolding their story list'to God's plan? To those who will

Monroe, Utah. WESTON N. NORDGRAN.

THE ETHICS OF SPORT By Jno. J. Tigert, U. S. Commissioner of Education

[At the Recreation Congress recently held at Cleveland, Ohio, the following address was jmade by Commissioner of Education John J. Tigert. At

the request of Executive Director Oscar A. Kirkham, a copy of the address

has been furnished the Improvement Era with permission to publish. We

commend the Commissioner's message to the students and friends of our colleges and high schools. Editors.]

Sports of all kinds have proved beneficial to man for centuries and there is no one who challenges the admiration more than a true sportsman.

Since the days when the Greeks held their Olympic games and deified the victors with the crown of wild olive, no people have rendered such homage to manly contests of physical prowess as the

American people; since the time. of those memorable festivals at Olympia, perhaps there has never been a type of manhood which so nearly

approached the Greek ideal of physical perfection as the American college athlete. And yet there is much in our sports, particularly

in college athletics, which lends itself to adverse criticism. So much

so that many thoughtful men in our colleges severely condemn intercollegiate athletics, as now conducted. After years of experience with

school and college athletics, both as participant and as an enthusiastic supporter, my mature conviction is that the value of sports in our colleges is problematical.

In the first instance, it is well to remind ourselves that the physical gain that comes from these strenuous contests, accompanied as they are with intense excitement, is often grossly exaggerated and it is recognized by experts that some forms of sport have actually been physically injurious. Many of our colleges have abandoned rowing

on this account. The greatest benefits which come from these contests,

if they come at all, to the players and spectators alike, are the implanting or strengthening of moral qualities or habits which are useful in the course of human life. Many sports are thought to breed only

immoral habits and traits of mind, such as dishonesty, contempt, scorn, ridicule, cursing, gambling and immorality in its most disgusting forms. There is no one who can deny that, as our sports have been

conducted, many of these evils have arisen in connection with them, but we believe that college athletics may be put on such a basis that these things can be eliminated and thereby become entirely a source from which spring honor, integrity, admiration, praise, clean speech, strong bodies and pure minds.

Of the evils mentioned perhaps there is none which has injured true sport so much as the pernicious practice of betting on contests.

THE ETHICS OF SPORT 281

It was this which banished horseracing, once the finest of sports, from the confines of most of our states. Betting was largely responsible for the downfall of the boxing game which undoubtedly can be

carried on in a way that is helpful. Thoughtless wagering is a menace

to good sport in many of our colleges today. No boy, who has the

slightest instincts of true sportsmanship, would lay a wager on a contest in which his fellow students were competing or would want to compete in such a contest, thus lowering them or himself to the level of the cock in the cockpit or the horse on the race course, besides forming the infamous habit of reckless gambling.

There is no place in the college life where a larger opportunity is offered for the exhibition of honor or dishonor than in athletic contests. Here the athlete is put into the crucible and he will emerge

either as a despicable fraud and a cheat or filled with the very noblest sentiments of honor and integrity. The motive for unfairness in our

sports in undoubtedly a mistaken but overwhelming belief that we must win, entertained by players and spectators alike. No one, who has

any respect for himself or his opponent, would ever enter any kind of a contest without the idea of doing his best to win, but every true sportsman will remember that the true end of good sport is not the winning of the game, but the fostering of those highest qualities of manhood which are incident to the playing of the game. The question

is not so much whether you win or lose, but how you play the game.

It is because of their matchless qualities of honor, chivalry, and fairness that the knights of the middle ages so much challenged our admiration.

What boy today would read a book whose hero practiced such a code of honor as some practice in our sports today? Ivanhoe is a

book dear to the heart of every boy. I recall the incident when

Ivanhoe, after defeating several knights in succession, finally found young himself facing in the lists his most dangerous antagonist—the

and valiant knight DeGrautmesnil. As their horses came careering

upon each other, the noble Ivanhoe saw that his opponent had lost control of his impetuous steed and rather than take any advantage of so redoubtable an antagonist, he lowered his lance and passed him by rather than unhorse him. This act so unnerved DeGrautmesnil that

he was easily vanquished by the magnanimous Ivanhoe.

Is there any reason why the same spirit which swayed Ivanhoe and other true knights should not characterize our sports today? Let

us strive to vanquish our antagonist by our generosity rather than by seeking to overcome him by some trick transgression of the rules, or foul play. Let the spectators and players praise and applaud rather

than scorn or ridicule the visiting team. Nothing could be more

shocking to the sense of true sportsmanship than a practice, all too common, of jeering at visiting players when injured in football games, calling them "yellow,"etc. The practice in some places of mocking

and endeavoring to rattle basketball players while making free throws 282 IMPROVEMENT ERA

is not only contrary to the rules but shameful. Spectators should remain silent or, if they must make a demonstration, let it be in the

nature of a plaudit and let the plaudits be rendered to the visitors as well as to the home team. Spectators who will not do this are not

worthy to be spectators.

Above all things, all the rules of the game should be rigidly enforced. If you cannot observe the rules of the game, by all means

do not play. Spectators and players should allow the interpretation

and enforcement of the rules of the game to the properly constituted officials. If the spectators find that they have an irrepressible desire

to express themselves, let them commend and assist the officials rather than criticize and obstruct. If any rules are necessarily dispensed with,

such dispensation should apply alike to both teams.

When you are defeated, it is poor sportsmansip to attribute your defeat to some chance circumstance or to some disadvantage under which you were laboring. Some teams always have an "alibi"(in

athletic vernacular). The best sportsman will never fail to congratulate his competitors, whether victorious or defeated. When we

have won a victory, let us try not to display our exultation and joy to those we have vanquished, but rather let us endeavor to show sympathy and render what encouragement we can. Let us not "crow"

over our defeated opponents nor "brag"over our victories. * * *

"To brag little; to show well; to crow gently if in pay luck—to

up, to own up, and to show up, if beaten, are the virtues or the sporting man."

The Angel's Prayer How dear we must be to those angels of light,

Who hover so near us by day and by night.

How dear are those angels, their true love so deep.

They share with our sorrow, and w?ep when we weep.

When they see our cross is so heavy to bear,

And they see some burdens they have no right to share.

They go to the Father, for us intercede,

That he in his mercy will grant what we need.

To lighten our burdens enough, when it's best,

Give renewal of courage to go on with the rest.

Through his love for the angels their sorrows to spare,

He goes right at work to answer their prayer.

Lift up your eyes, ye that are weary,

Be joyful, be faithful, be true.

The angels who love you so dearly

Are pleading and praying for you.

Vancouver, B. C. E. L. SPRING.

THE ROYAL ROAD TO HAPPINESS By Elder Stephen L. Richards, of the Council

of the Twelve

[Each Sunday evening at 9 o'clock, a 25 -minute sermon, with song and music, lasting about an hour, constitute the radio program at station

K F P T, Salt Lake City, Utah, as explained and illustrated in this number of the Era, by Earl J. Glade. The following sermon was delivered

on Sunday evening, Dec. 14. Hundreds sat in their homes in Salt Lake

City, as doubtless they did in other cities and places miles away, and listened to the clear voice and intelligent presentation of a few fundamentals of "Mormonism,"by Elder Richards. Those not so privileged will surely

be entertained and instructed by reading. Editors.]

Ladies and Gentlemen: Friends of an Invisible Audience:

I know of no better way to greet you than to use the customary salutation of the Englishman calling over the telephone, "Are you there?"In a certain sense, it seems entirely fitting that a talk over the radio should be given on the Sabbath day, because it surely requires the exercise of the religious principle of faith to believe that one is addressing a body of listeners. It is an experience that tends

to enhance one's appreciation of his eyes.

Now, I have no difficulty whatever in imagining the presence oi Prof. Lund who stands before me. I can assure you that he and

his singers make a substantial body of listeners even if others are not in the audience.

Assuming, however, that many are "listening in"on these proceedings and that you are set to hear some of the religious views entertained by the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, I hope you will indulge me with a consideration of a brief discussion of some principles of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, as I have will not offend me if you come to see them and know them. You

sleep a little or move about or even speak disapprovingly of that see, this which you may hear. I cannot see you nor hear you. You

method of preaching has its advantages even to the speaker!

in terms of life and living. We do not We interpret the gospel

look upon it in any sense as an aggregation of theoretical abstraction set up to be debated about and made the subject of contention or even admiration. We regard it as a program for the activities of life—

a criterion by which relative values in life may be adequately determined the power of God unto salvation, here and hereafter. Because

of this intensely practical interpretation, we have been charged with being materialistic in our conceptions and practices. Our critics,

We are materialistic only I am sure, fail to get our true viewpoint.

in the sense that we regard personality and all matter as resultant 284 IMPROVEMENT ERA

from the creative genius of God and as subject to the body of law and principle embraced within the gospel of our Lord and Master.

The story and philosophy of life as set forth in the ancient scriptures and amplified by and through modern scripture and revelation we accept. We accept it as a body of light and truth, giving us

knowledge of the past and future and of our relationship to God, man, and things, but its real vitality to us lies in the application of its saving principles to your life and to mine. In such a conception we

find no difficulty in discovering a program for every aspect of living.

Indeed, with us the gospel fulfils the whole circle of human requirements in such manner as to insure success, joy, and salvation. May

we consider a few of the fundamentals.

It provides a law pf health, and surely men everywhere will agree that health is essential to happiness. This law of health is

based, primarily, on a conception of the status of the human body which is probably peculiar to ourselves and our theology. We regard

the body of man as a tabernacle of flesh wherein is housed the spirit of man which is the literal offspring of the Father. The body is

given of God, as the spirit is, at least in the sense that he has made provision for it, and apparently so highly regarded it as to cause it to be created in his own image. To one who so regards the body,

it takes on a religious or spiritual significance. It becomes no longer

a mere thing of clay. It is the repository, at least during mortality,

of life itself, the greatest gift of God to man. No man, therefore, with

impunity may misuse or abuse it. Any violation of the organic laws

which control it will be visited, not only with the direct penalty which is expressed in terms of bodily disorder and suffering, but also with unnatural spiritual reaction which may often be more hurtful to a true state of health than mere physical discomfiture. Remember, please, that I am speaking of one who entertains the conception of the body which I have mentioned. Such a person cannot

knowingly injure his body without offering effront to God who gave it to him. His body is sacred to him, and he has a sacred

obligation to protect and preserve it, for the fulfilment of the purposes of his life.

We believe that the Lord, in his infinite wisdom, foresaw that the great temptations to men would be those of the flesh, and to fortify them jn their struggle to resist these temptations he made it possible for the spirit to have dominion and control over the body, so that the training and education of the spirit and intelligence of man must contribute to the health and wellbeing of his body.

We are aware, of course, that much has been written and said on the interrelationship and interdependence of body, mind, and spirit, and it is far from our purpose here to enter into any discussion of such abstruse subjects. I hope, however, that enough has been

said to indicate why it is that our Church places such great emphasis

THE ROYAL ROAD TO HAPPINESS 285

upon the law of health, and that very important commandment which has been so widely expounded and so ardently advocated throughout the whole history of the Church, commonly known as the Word of

Wisdom. Time will not permit an analysis of that revelation, given

to Joseph Smith now nearly a century ago, but I do not hesitate to make the statement, without fear of successful contradiction, that all of its provisions its injunctions and its teachings, have now found sanction and corroboration in investigations and discoveries of science and in the experiences of the race. I hope that enough has been

said to give to you some idea of the earnestness and sincerity of the endeavor of the Church throughout these many years to induce men and women to refrain from taking into their organic systems the poisons and unhealthful ingredients of tobacco, alcohol, tea, coffee and other deleterious concoctions. We urge boys and men not to

smoke, not only because of well known and thoroughly proved injurious consequences to their brains and bodies, but also because we have learned through long observation that when boys begin to smoke they cease to pray and soon become estranged from those wholesome, helpful influences and contacts so essential to the development of power and the realization of the finer objectives of life.

That the health of the world is inseparably associated with the spiritualization of humanity we entertain no doubt. If Joseph Smith

had made no contribution other than the Word of Wisdom, his mission in the world and that of the Church he was instrumental in establishing would have been fully justified.

. Those He did make other and very valuable contributions.

contributions were largely in the form of interpretations and applications of principles. The principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ

were in the earth before his coming. They had been set down,

in part at least, in the scriptures, and it remained for the prophet of these latter days, through inspiration and revelation, to make the principles of the gospel vital to men.

Our conception of the relationships of men we derived from this inspired source as part and parcel of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

These relationships, involving as they do the institutions of government, society, business, and the home, are surely vital to the happiness and welfare of man. Perhaps our teaching of the gospel has not

it has served to vitalize, and brought forward much that is new, but make real fundamental, principles which the Savior taught and exemplified in his living during his ministry among mankind. This,

at least, has been the case among a substantial number of people who have accepted these interpretations and attempted to live them for a period now covering nearly a century.

We believe literally in the fatherhood of God and the brotherhood of man. We believe, too, that man should be treated like

is a family, a brother and act like a son. If the human family

286 IMPROVEMENT ERA

family ties and family obligations should control. They involve

respect and love for father and for brother. We lay this simple

doctrine, so persistently and forcefully taught by the Master, at the base of all proper human relationships. Respect and reverence

for God the Father, conscious recognition of his authority, his love and his mercy, are essential and indeed indispensable, in our thinking, to that attitude and psychology which may be relied upon to respect law and governmental authority and to yield obedience thereto. From

the inception of the Church its members have been taught and urged to respect the governmental authority under which they live and obey the laws of country. The obligations so imposed upon

them have been sacred in character, and particularly in America, because the leaders of the Church have always maintained and the people have accepted the doctrine that the Lord in his providence caused the founders of this great government to receive inspiration for the establishment of its righteous institutions as set forth in our constitution. It is to us a Christian nation where Christian righteousness must and will prevail. Loyalty to country is part of our

creed. If such conceptions of government were entertained by all

of the citizens, may I ask, would it be difficult to enforce the law?

Would our institutions be endangered? Is such an interpretation of religious belief or principle in any way inimical to the best interests of

society? Is it not, on the other hand, such an attitude toward country,

law, and social institution that we must have in men to insure harmonious living in the great group of society that inhabit the earth?

Some critics of the Christian doctrine as applied in solution of the problems of humanity, say that it is superficial; that it fails to take

into consideration the natural instincts and tendencies of the race, and that it is unscientific and unsound. They say that men are

born to contention, rivalry and warfare, and that it is instinctive in man to kill his brother to accomplish his own survival. They

say it, but have they proved it? Are we not justified, from the

observations of history and from our own observations limited as they are in time and extent, in believing that it is possible for men to live together in peace, and that when they so live they are happy?

Of course, if we are not logically justified in reaching this conclusion it would seem futile to search for any plan to govern human

Relationship, since those relations mu*st need result, from native, inherent tendencies, in hatred, discord and killing.

Now I am not pessimistic enough to point out such a dismal prospect for the race. We are taught that man is that he might have

joy, and while we are not unmindful of the effect of blood strain and inherited tendencies, we are optimistic and hopeful enough to believe that man may eventually master himself, his appetites, his passions and his weaknesses. For this great achievement, and it will

be his greatest achievement, he must have help. We are convinced

THE ROYAL ROAD TO HAPPINESS 287

that that help lies in the gospel plan, and is freely available to every man who will receive it.

Some say, too, that Christianity has been tried as a remedy for human ills and has failed. That statement we flatly contradict,

although, we are aware that our contradiction may give offense to some. We construe Christianity to embrace the principles of life and

conduct, taught and practiced by the Savior during his ministry among men. We find a pronounced difference between those principles and certain doctrines and practices set out and established by

men, long subsequent to Christ's ministry, based upon an interpretation of his teachings and work which we regard to be wholly unwarranted. We are obliged to admit with the critic of socalled

Christianity that no inconsiderable part of the misery and suffering of humanity in the last two thousand years has been occasioned by perverted notions of those who have professed to be followers of the Savior. After making such an admission it is not at all unlikely that the critic of Christianity and its methods shall ask of us,

what assurance have we that your interpretation of Christ's message and your establishment and maintenance of his Church shall vary in result from former experiences? Our best answer to that question,

it seems to me, is that for now nearly a hundred years the result of the work of the Church and the message it has proclaimed has been at variance with those results heretofore obtained in the Christian churches, at least in large measure. I recognize that that statement legitimately calls for the submission of proof, and I regret that

this occasion does not afford opportunity to go into some detail to furnish that proof. I must content myself with the submission

of some questions which may serve in their answers to furnish some noof the proofs desired. Will those of you who know us—surely

others are qualified to speak? Do you know of a answer—please

people who, as a people, over a century of time, have been freer from internal contention? And, conversely, do you know of a people

who have been more loyal to their leaders, their institutions and one another? Do you know of a people more sincere and earnest in

their religious convictions, who more nearly live to their professions and who make greater and more willing sacrifices for the faith within them? Do you know of a people who do more in proportion to

their means and ability to disseminate among others the message in which they believe? Have you ever heard of anything comparable

to our missionary system? Do you know of any people who have

more nearly reduced their religious belief to temporal practices by way of community cooperation, mutual aid, and social advantage?

Have you in mind any religious group who have been more successful in colonizing a new country and developing its resources?

Do you know of any people more devoted to country and more ioyal to the institutions of government? Do you know of any

2 88 IMPROVEMENT ERA

people who have made better provision for the educational, spiritual, and temporal needs of its members? Does not the reputation of the

members of our Church for business integrity, dependability, industry and thrift compare favorably with any other group? The

next question, I repeat, is only to those who know us. Do you

know any people on the earth whose young men in particular and whose membership generally are as virtuous, free from immoral and unrighteous practices, as clean minded and as wholesome?

I do not know how you will answer these questions. It is

my belief, however, that those who do not belong to our Church, who have lived among us, who have been neighbors to us, and who have dealt with us and know our manner of living, if they will speak without prejudice, the facts as they have found them, will furnish the proof for the assertion I have ventured to make, namely, that the gospel we teach and try to live differs from the Christianity professed and practiced in the civilized world for several hundred years preceding the advent of "Mormonism."

We maintain that Christianity has not failed, because it has never been tried. We have an abiding conviction that it will

successfully regulate and govern the affairs and relationships of men, if it can be applied to them. It is gratifying to note that there is an

increasing tendency on the part of men engaged in business and other pursuits, outside the Church, to recognize the vitality of

Christian principles in all commercial and social relationships. They

do not always call it by its right name. Sometimes, it seems to

me, there is an aparent, almost a studied, effort to conceal the true authorship of the principles involved. It is spoken of as the spirit

of service, a square deal, the golden rule of business, etc. If men

were at all frank, they would not hesitate to call it what it is, the

Spirit of Christ and his teachings. It is founded upon the principle

of the brotherhood of man. It contemplates unselfish devotion to

the interests of others, the losing of one's life for others, that in the end he may gain it. Wise business men everywhere and students of

society proclaim it indispensable for the achievement of the highest ideals in industry and civilization. The principle is just as applicable

to nations and peoples as to individuals. A large portion of the

disorders and troubles of the world arise from the fact that collective selfishness and hatred are not regarded to be as reprehensible as the same qualities expressed by one individual. Let us hope that some

progress is being made in the spiritualization of the world and in the acceptance of Christian principle as a working basis for the solution of its problems.

In discussing the application of the principles of the gospel to the affairs of men one institution of society must come in for special mention. That institution is the home. If there is one place on

earth where Christian virtue is more needed than in any other, it is in

THE ROYAL ROAD TO HAPPINESS 289

the home. Trre home is and must always continue to be the greatest single conservator of righteousness. It sets the ideals and standards

for the nation. Its influence permeates every phase of human activity,

and the biologists will tell you, and truly, too, that it determines, almost entirely, the very trend of civilization. It is needless and

inopportune here to point out the necessity for Christian virtues in the home and home life. I shall merely make a statement which embodies an appeal. It is this: Parents who teach their children and

train them in the true principles of Christianity, bringing them to a knowledge of Jesus Christ as Friend, Brother and Savior, are the greatest assets of the nation and the world today, because there will go forth from their homes and from their homes only, men and women who will have in their hearts the love of humanity and the vision to do the world's work and elevate the race to the achievement of its high and glorious destiny. I do not mean to say that

there are not good homes which are not Christian, but I do firmly believe that the world is dependent upon the Christian home to supply the Spirit of Christ which must save the world.

I should like much to pursue this engaging subject. It is a

favorite theme with me, but time forbids.

I desire to bring to your attention but one additional item.

It is our conviction that the spirit and principles of the Savior will not be and cannot be widely accepted and made applicable in the affairs of life without a recognition and acceptance of God the Father as the supreme Ruler of the universe and also his divine Son, Jesus Christ, as the Savior and Redeemer of mankind, together with the authority and power which they have conferred upon men to establish and maintain the Church of Christ and administer the ordinances of his holy gospel. The acceptance of a part of the truths of the gospel may

be helpful in the affairs of men, but nothing short of the whole truth will make men free. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints has been endowed with the whole truth and with Christ's

power to save the souls of men. The truth and that power are

essential to the joy and exaltation of man. I realize that it seems

a presumptuous thing to make the statement that our institution is the sole repository on earth of this precious truth and power. We do

it only because we are not make it boastfully or arrogantly; we assert

commanded so to do and because we can in no other way discharge our duty to men in pointing out to them where they may is find the truth and salvation. Our one great desire in this work

service for to be of service to our fellowmen. We can perform no

them comparable to that of bringing into their hearts and souls a conviction of the divinity of the gospel of our Lord and Savior Jesus

Christ. It is the pearl of great price. It is the royal road to happiness. It is the Master Work of the ages. It means life in its

fulness and exaltation. God grant that the hearts of men may be

responsive to its appeal. Amen.

A SKETCH OF JUNE By J. V. Tassenbrock

It was a typical sight, those fifty or sixty people, as I watched them from my concealed position on the mountain side. They passed

over the main road through City Creek canyon. Mostly young people

and a few old or middle aged. They had come to spend the holiday in

close touch with nature. I watched them with great interest and

smiles. I even laughed. Not in scorn, for I loved them. They were

still my people. All these fifty or sixty people nearly without exception had immigrated from the "old country"within -the last six years.

Some had been here only a few months or a year. But interesting they

were.

After walking a mile or so I passed the crossroads, climbed behind a cluster of trees on the mountainside to finish the drawing of a sketch. Just as I was seated the music of an accordion reached my

ear.

Guessing its origin, I looked towards the road where I could see anyone pass by without being seen.

First there came a horse and buggy with as many as it would hold, which is four persons. Then a large wagon, pulled by a big, white

horse. People walking all around. Inside some of the older folks, the

musician and all the good things to eat, besides a box of oranges which the owner with a business mind had decided to sell against reasonable price. Then the rest of the joy seekers. Some girls in khaki dress

and boys'caps; others in middy blouse and black bloomers (their

exclusive canyon apparel). Several dressed in old dresses such as

had been saved from days gone by. Various colors; bluegrey, red,

white, etc. There were men who wore clean looking suits and collars,

but many had only donned old shirts and overalls. And all these

went their way peacefully conversing mostly in their own language.

Not all felt that they could speak the American languge and yet feel comfortable on an outing. But happy they were on this beautiful day,

enjoying the splendor of God's mountains. Truly with "none to

hurt nor make afraid."These men and women, boys and girls were

only a few of thousands who had gone and are going through the hardships of immigration under difficult conditions, and many leaving loved ones whom they do not expect to see anymore in this world.

All these struggle for years with a new language and new habits.

Why do they do it? Have they come to these mountain valleys because

this is a great industrial center where money and riches are easily obtainable for anyone? Not so. They have come to serve their God

according to the dictates of their own consciences. To live their

religion more fully. The same reason for which thousands have come

A SKETCH OF JUNE 291

to this western'continent for ages past. Does it pay? To some few,

it seems that it does not. But those who live according to the purpose

for which they came here feel that they will be rewarded in years and generations to come. Not all stand the test; some fall by the wayside.

But let us remember to love our neighbor and to have charity like our

Savior taught us by precept and example.

Many a soul was saved and will be saved through some influential brother or sister extending their aid in a critical or helpless moment.

Many a soul went their way rejoicing because some one of whom they thought much had given them a kind word or hearty greeting. A

kind word is never wasted. There are moments when a special effort

would do us no harm, even if results are not readily observed. One of

my friends once said to me, speaking of a young man whom we both knew: "I have always gone out of my way to be kind to that boy,

because he spoke such a broken language."And for saying this, I

love her more.

These thoughts and more crowded my mind while I rested on the mountainside, with the rushing waters playing their fascinating music below.

Then I arose, and after a refreshing walk joined the company of which I have spoken, for I had friends among them. They enjoyed

themselves, peacefully playing innocent and wholesome games and laughing at "stunts."

I returned on my way home much sooner than they left, but in my weak way, my heart sang praises to God for all that is beautiful and true and good, and such familiar hymns as, "We thank thee, O God, for a prophet,"and my favorite, "O, ye mountains high,"will never grow old to me.

Salt'Lake City.

Dear Friend of Mine

The phonograph is playing, just across the way;

'Tis Sunday afternoon, the neighbors all seem gay.

It makes me wish that I could call on you today,

Dear friend, down at your house, in the hometown far away.

Ah, it was so delightful, Carl, dear Friend of mine.

In those lost days, whose glories years shall but refine,

When we filed down the narrow path, across the lea,

From church on Sunday afternoon, just "you and me."

The purpling lucern waved in breezy summer air,

The copse along the fence was starred with roses fair.

circle over head A martin sang, then made one

And flew to her young fledgelings in the old cowshed.

I was glad to hear you say, We talked of crops and "This week I'm laying off to cut and haul my hay. (

I'd like if you could help, providin'it don't storm."

Somehow, I like to "hay"on your threeacre farm.

292 IMPROVEMENT ERA

And as we neared the house, just where the clover spread,

The pesky clothes line shaved the hat from off my head:

You smiled. I see you now, framed in the kitchen door,

As picture mem'ry holds forevermore. then—a

How pleasant was the room where we spent golden hours,

With tapestries and rugs, and wealth of window flowers;

Where played the Edison, that stood beside the door;

O, how I loved to hear those dear, sweet songs of yore.

Delicious were the jam and frosted currant cake.

The rootbeer and the cheese your mother used to make,

And spread upon the board, with linen clean and white,

For us, before we went to meeting Sunday night.

Each morn I saw you pass along the village street

To do your master's work with disposition sweet;

At eight you trudged along the fallow on the hill;

At dusk your feet were sore but you were cheerful still.

And when we pruned the trees around the public square,

You were first to volunteer your service theie.

You helped to fence and build each graveled walk and way.

Ah, many are the lips that praise your name today!

Ah, dear old friend, when I had heard from home today,

My throat swelled at the news, I wiped a tear away!

They said, "One afternoon, before the evening show,

Some men had gathered at the Town Hall, topped with snow,

To shovel off the pond'rous weight which seemed to spread

The settling roof. "Carl was the first to climb,"they said,

(I knew you'd be the first) "and when he reached the snow.

Just at the eaves, the roof fell with a crashing blow!"

And then, alas! my Friend, they told me you were killed!

'Tis strange, yet it must be as God has willed.

Ah, dear old pal, when I had heard from home today

My throat swelled at the news, I wiped a tear away.

Ah, you were young, so twentyfive, my Friend, young—just But those short years have proved you faithful to the end.

I never dreamed that I should feel your absence so;

'Twas hard that, just at life's fair noon, you had to go!

The Edison now stands so still beside the door,

I cannot play the records, as we did of yore,

The window flowers now seem to droop their heads and pine,

And all is solemn here, O, dear old pal of mine!

O, how I'd love once more to pitch the new mown hay

Down on the lot with you some pleasant summer day.

Or play the puzzle games or chat an hour or two.

Or skate upon the lake, just as we used to do.

Ah, we shall meet cannot say how soon, again—I

But it may be some future Sunday afternoon.

Then sweetly sleep, and on your couch of peace recline.

For all is well with you, O, dear old Friend of mine!

Logan, Utah. L. J. SORENSEN.

Editors Table

What Say You, Men?

In making their report of the income of the state of Utah for 1924, the officials enlighten us with the sad information that they have collected for cigarette stamp sales, $109,914, during the year, May. 1924, which means that the state of Utah 1923—May,

has consumed approximately, $1,099,140, in cigarettes, and about 109,914,000 cigarettes during the year. Gone up in smoke! An

injury to those who have smoked, and an absolute economic loss to the community.

We feel ashamed, not to say chagrined, at this showing. Honestly, it would be discouraging really if it were not for the fact that

we are inclined to think that prior to the activity against cigarette sales in the state a much greater number of ciragettes were sold and consumed. We still think there is some virtue in the law against the

cigarette, even if not enforced always as it should be, in the state.

Yet, the tobacco business in this country, we are told, is resting on thin ice. The tobacco organs are constantly bolstering up the

thought that prominent men use tobacco. The latest example is

the newly elected vicepresident, Charles G. Dawes, who smokes a

peculiar kind of pipe. This has been the basis of broadcasting in

every conceivable way the fact that he smokes, of which he himself is evidently not very proud. The Tobacco Leaf says of him:

"Newspaper photographers and motion picture camera operators, after aiming their cameras at him, invariably beseech him to replace between his teeth the pipe, which he invariably removes when about to pose for a photograph."

"There is some satisfaction,"comments Will H. Brown, Oakland,

Calif., "to friends of the youth of the land in knowing that Mr. Dawes

is sufficiently ashamed of the habit to remove his pipe when posing for a picture, until he is beseeched to place it again in his mouth. Mr Dawes

did not take up the tobacco habit until a few years ago. At one time he

looked with favor upon abstainers from the weed. When his own son.

Rufus Fearing Dawes, died, in 1912, age 21, the father wrote a tribute to his memory, which he read at the boy's funeral, in which he stressed the splendid character of his son. saying proudly: 'He did not smoke, swear,

nor drink.'.

"Not only Mr. Dawes, but all other men, should be examples to their

sons and the sons of other men. in the things that they consider desirable

in the youth of our land."

Let us think of some of the disadvantages of the cigarette and it is just as tobacco habit: Cigarettes are a source of fire danger, and

consistent to legislate against cigarettes as against fire crackers.

Scarcely a day passes that there is not recorded great fire loss due 294 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to the carelessness of smokers, running from a few thousand to a quarter of a million dollars:

"Most of theNorthwestern forests were closed to all smoking throughout the summer season of 1924, with jail sentences for violators. California forest fire fighters say they dread one tiny lighted cigarette stub

more than the most severe electrical storm; that should lightning start a

fire it can be spotted at once, while the cigarette can start a fire that can gain terrific headway before being discovered."

The National Council of Boy Scouts in 1913, resolved that scout oificials should "never smoke when in uniform or when on scout duty."Why at all?

The California Christian Advocate says that, last summer, prayers were offered in a number of Connecticut churches for "saving the tobacco crop from drought!"It would certainly be far more in

line with the duty of churches, not filled with hypocrites, to have prayers to "save the youth of America from tobacco."

Orison Swett Marden says:

"I advise every cigarette victim to have his photograph taken every year and put side by side in a frame in his room, where he can see the gradual, fatal deterioration in himself from year to year. If this does

not startle him and bring him to his senses, no preaching will ever do it, for the pictures will be a sermon more eloquent than ever came from any pulpit."

The Ann Arbor, Michigan TimesNews says:

"A confirmed cigarette smoker's lungs are found saturated with tiny bits of carbon from inhaled smoke. Authorities say that in years to come the

practice of inhaling smoke will result in increased lung trouble, bronchitis and tuberculosis."

Rev. M. P. Welcher, Hartford, Conn., has spoken in 620

schools of New York. He says:

"Every child born in this land has a right to a chance to grow up clean and strong, and have an education. Therefore we must give them

that chance free from tobacco.

"There are many good reasons why boys should never throughout life use cigarettes or tobacco, and still more good reasons why girls should not permit boys to use this offensive, poisonous plant.

"It is never a necessity, unless one makes it so. It is unnatural,

costly, dwarfing, defiling, degrading, destroying the best things. Then

let us -tell boys and girls plainly and kindly. We offer them this warning. 'Safety First'demands it. A clean life is a commercial asset. The New

Era requires the New Standard of service, no smoke, no drink. There is not

one good reason why any boy should ever use tobacco."

drinking and gambling—are Tobacco and liquor—smoking,

vices that go together. A writer in Tobacco Leaf, one of the leading organs of the tobacco trade, gives three reasons why cigar production has virtually stood still in recent years, and the first of the

three reasons given is this:: "Prohibition, with the elimination of the

saloons."EDITORS'TABLE 295

Professor Chester C. Haworth, superintendent of schools of

Burlington, North Carolina, says:

"We employ about sixty teachers in our schools, and never consider a candidate who uses tobacco in any shape, form or fashion. I find there

are still plenty of good men who neither eat nor smoke tobacco."

President Daugette, of the State Normal College at Jacksonville,

Alabama, has announced that hereafter no certificates will be granted to students who smoke, adding: Nothing is to be gained by postponing a reform that is bound to come. There is also a rule barring

any smoker from teaching in an accredited Normal School, or even getting a certificate to teach.

The use of tobacco turns the scale against recovery from pneumonia, poisons the system, creates insomnia, headaches, has a debilitating effect upon sexual virility, and spells degeneracy for the race, physically, mentally and morally. The Lord has warned us:

"Tobacco is not good for man."Let us abandon it and so save

our health, wealth and morals. Let us save the million dollars for

better purposes, and so enjoy a happy and prosperous New Year—A.

President Seymour B. Young

In the passing of Dr. Seymour B. Young, the community loses a

loveable character, a noble man, a kind and considerate leader among his people, a loving father, and a patriotic and exemplary citizen.

He was a genuine gentleman, full of patience, with a smile and kindly greeting for all. In his time, the Church has practically been

established. He is one of the old guard, whose early life was interwoven with many a thrilling incident of the persecutions, and pioneer hardships of his people. His mother fled with him in her arms,

at the terrible massacre of Haun's Mill. He was one of the very

few among us who have any recollection of the prophet Joseph and

Nauvoo. With his family he had his chances with the driven

remnants of Nauvoo, and participated in the dark days of Winterquarters, followed by years of trying experiences on the plains, pioneering in the west for years before the family entered the Salt

Lake Valley. His active life in our mountain valleys for nearly

threequarters of a century as pioneer, soldier, physician, and Church official, is one glorious round of service, rendered in cheerful patience, always with the good of his fellows and the growth and welfare of the Church and his people uppermost in his heart and mind. As

one of the rare and early physicians he gained a well deserved reputation, and eased much pain and suffering. As a participant in the

Black Hawk Indian war, as one of the company who was entrusted by our Government to guard the mail route and telegraph line, as a pioneer in Cache Valley, as a railroad builder, and missionary, he 296 IMPROVEMENT ERA

toiled enthusiastically, cheerfully and with honor. In his office as

member and President in the First Council ofSeventy he rendered faithful service and was true to every duty. He was thoroughly

imbued with faith in God and a knowledge of the gospel, a true

Latterday Saint; and his loyalty to country and flag, and the principles of liberty for which they stand, made him a staunch patriot

and devoted citizen. Thousands to whom his words of wisdom and

encouragement have come in all parts of the Church, will revere and do honor to his noble life. The whole community of the intermountain west join in extending sympathy and love to those who

are immediately bereaved, and bless and honor the memory of Dr.

Seymour B. Young.—A.

A Comparison On Sunday afternoon, October 5, at the general conference of the Church, and just before the close of the final meeting of the great semiannual gathering, President Heber J. Grant said: "All over the

Church today, at this hour, from Canada on the North to Mexico on the South, with the exception of the immediate vicinity of Salt

Lake City, fast meetings are being held in all the wards and branches, and men and women are testifying as to their knowledge, individually, regarding the divinity of the work in which we are engaged. These

testimonies, as a rule, occupy only a minute or two or three, very seldom more than five minutes, and a great many people in each of these meetings pour out their hearts in gratitude and thanksgiving to God for the knowledge they have, individually, of the divinity of this work. I shall call a half dozen men to the stand and ask

them to bear their testimonies regarding the divinity of this work, speaking not to exceed five minutes, each one."

All six elders responded and bore effective testimonies. Among

them was Elder Hugh B. Brown, president of the Lethbridge, Canada

stake of Zion, who spoke as follows:

It is quite fitting that I should speak immediately after President

Pratt, he having represented the Mexican mission, I representing the stake of Zion farthest North. The Lethbridge stake comprises that section of this

great country, from a few miles north of the international boundary line, including the North Pole.

I appreciate the privilege of bearing my testimony to the truth of thr great work. During the great World War I had the opportunity of comparing service in other organizations with service in the Church of Jesus

Christ. It fell to my lot to be the instrument of bringing to some of our

boys certain favors by way of transfer, or temporary relief, or leave of absence, by virtue of authority vested in me as an officer in the Canadian army. Upon one occasion I was called upon, as I thought, to bring some

relief to one boy, I was asked when in the city of London to visit a boy whose name I did not know. I supposed that he would ask for a temporary release that he might return home, as I thought to recuperate; and.

feeling the thrill of the power vested in me by virtue of the uniform I

EDITORS'TABLE 29 7

wore, I went down to that hospital with the intention of interceding for that boy, with the powers higher up. When I went into the little room

which he occupied he extended his hand to me, and instead of addressing me as an officer in the army, he said to me: "Brother Brown, I sent for

you to ask that you intercede with God in my behalf, that I may not die in this hospital, but that I may be allowed to return home to my widowed mother. Will you administer to me?"When this boy made that request

at my hands, I could not help making the comparison; Great though it

may be to wear the uniform of the king, I never felt more pride in my life in any position than I felt as I knelt by the side of that boy, placed my hands on his head, and in the name of Jesus Christ asked that his life might be spared. I compared then the authority which I held in the

Church of Christ with the authority held by men in other organizations, and from the bottom of my heart I felt to say: "Thank God for this

work, and for the Priesthood which we have."I went into that hospital

a proud British officer. I came out a humble "Mormon"elder; and

I say to you, my brethren and sisters, that I prefer membership in the

Church of Jesus Christ to presidency or command in any other organization in the world, civil or military. I bear testimony that I know this is the

gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ and that it is the truth, in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen.

I Don't Know It is said that the Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone system discourages any clerk or laborer in its offices to reply to any question, "I don't know."They follow the plan of always finding out, and

while nobody knows everything, and is not expected to, the clerks and workers in this organization are taught to see that a guest who asks for information gets it or is told that it can not be obtained.

People who say, "I'll find out"generally do find out, and one who finds out is much more helpful in an organization, be it telephone, hotel, railroad, restaurant, or publication office of any kind, than the it go at that.one who gives you a languid, "I don't know,"and lets

It is well to remember that courtesy and helpfulness costs little and buys much; if we all realized how much, we would never be too busy

or too tired to go out of our way in courtesy to find out something for a person who really desires to know. And this applies to people in private life as well as to those who are in any way connected

with business or public organizations.—A.

Brigham Young as Seen by Mr. Werner

The first number of a series of seven articles promised on "Brigham

Young"appeared in theDecember issue of the. Ladies'Home Journal.

published at Philadelphia, the author, M. R. Werner. All are well aware

that when anything connected with "Mormonism", when presented in the magazines and in other public press, is usually filled with deliberate misrepresentation. We welcome, therefore, such an attempt as this first article

of the series, to present the facts regarding our history and our great leader.

29 8 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Brigham Young, as Mr. Werner has been able to find and understand them.

The facts and the history presented in this first article, the millions of readers of the Ladies'Home Journal will aid in clearing the atmosphere for the true presentation of the gospel by our elders and Saints in the United

States and Canada, and wherever the Journal circulates.

The inaccuracies in the article, we believe, are not deliberate, but rather the result of misunderstanding on Mr. Werner's part. When he states that

Brigham Young was "shrewd enough, skeptical enough, and well enough acquainted with the progress of religious speculation in his neighborhood to realize that as a business proposition this new religion ('Mormonism') might be worth looking into,"he is far from a correct understanding of

President Young as he was known to the Saints throughout his life. Joining the Church was not a "business proposition"with Brigham Young.

Neither did he make the Church, but rather the Church made him. It was

the salvation of his eternal soul that concerned him, and the gospel brought him so much joy that he was anxious to proclaim it to all the world. Here

are his own words, "When I went to Kirtland I had not a coat in the world, for previous to this I had given away everything I possessed that

I might be free to go forth and proclaim the plan of salvation to the inhabitants of the earth."That does not look much like a "business proposition,"giving away everything one possesses.

When Mr. Werner was in Salt Lake last summer, he was told that

he would find it difficult to understand Brigham Young except by the same spirit that actuated him. Unless one has the spirit of the gospel, and feels

it in his soul, he cannot understand the Latterday Saints, nor what they are about. "No man knoweth the things of God except by the Spirit of

God."However, we hope that succeeding articles will be no less fair and

just than this first one appears to be.—A.

A Love Story The following story of love, from a current Syrian legend, is retold in the Millennial Star, by President J. Wilford Booth:

Three men stood, one stormy night, at the threshold of a wayside cottage. Their knock at the door was answered by a modest little damsel

who inquired of their names, their nativities and the purpose of their visit.

The foremost of the strange trio spoke frankly and said: "My name

is Love. My companions are Luck and Riches. We are seeking places

for rest and refreshment. One of us would be pleased to receive the

hospitality of this home tonight, and the choice of whom it is to be, we leave to you."

The girl was bewildered; she ran and called the other members of

the family, who gathered quickly at the portal of their home to hold a speedy council and decide upon which of these distinguished callers they would receive. They learned and repeated over and over the names of

the wouldbe guests, studied their characters and listened again fo the humble petition they made.

Wisdom ruled the family's decision, and the choice was soon made.

In unison they exclaimed: "We will entertain Love!"

As they gave way for the guest to enter, they noticed the other two closely following their leader into the newlyfound rooms of rest. Observing their astonishment, Love turned to the kind hosts and said, with

a smile all divine: "Be not alarmed. Wherever I am made a welcome

guest, there my companions also will make their abode."

And that home was blessed forever more.

Priesthood Quorums

The Melchizedek Priesthood StudySubject: Doctrines of the Church: Text: A Study of the Articles of Faith.

LESSON 5: THE ATONEMENT

Text: Chapter 4, pages 7489.

Stress the relationship between the Fall of Adam and the Atonement wrought by Jesus Christ, the Savior and Redeemer of the race. The fact

that the atonement was provided for even before man was placed upon the earth shows that the sinful tendency of the race, inaugurated by the fall, was also forseen. Emphasize the fact that through the atonement redemption from

the power of death is assured to all by the resurrection, and salvation is povide for all who will comply with the appointed requirements.

LESSON 6: SALVATION

Text: Chapter 4, pages 8993.

Show the distinction between general and individual salvation. It is

important to know that salvation may not include exaltation; note the difference. Stress the fact that graded conditions are provided in the hereafter.

A further treatment of the subject appears in the textbook, pages 405411.

Study Appendix 4..

LESSON 7: FAITH

Text: Chapter 5, pages 96108.

As prominent topics the following should be emphasized: that faith

in God is a principle of power; that it is essential to salvation; that it is

a gift from God; that faith implies and embraces works. Study Appendix 5.

LESSON 8: REPENTANCE

Text: Chapter 5, pages 109116.

Stress the characteristics of genuine repentance and the conditions requisite to securing divine forgiveness. Read Appendix 5:4, 5, pages 481,

Ordinations to the Lesser Priesthood

It is a commendable custom in some wards for the ward teachers to notify the bishop concerning all young men who are worthy to be ordained to the offices of priest, teacher or deacon. The bishop then writes to the

young man, telling him that he has been suggested for ordination to the

Aaronic Priesthood, and for him to consult with his parents and to write the bishop his feelings in the matter. After further instruction by the

bishopric, the candidate is presented at fast meeting before the congregation in person, and if sustained by the membership of the ward, is finally ordained.

Following is a sample of a letter recently received by a bishop from a boy who was reported for ordination to the office of deacon:

"Dear Bishop: As all the boys of twelve generally receive the Priesthood and

are ordained to the office of deacon, I would deem it an honor if such Priesthood and office were bestowed upon me. Ever since I can remember, I have been going

to Sabbath school, Priesthood meeting and Religion class. I have been taught to

p/ray, keep the Word of Wisdom, to be kind and truthful and honest. If you

feel that I am worthy to receive the Aaronic Priesthood and to be ordained to the office of deacon, I promise to do everything required of me.

"Your brother in the gospel, QjVLutual Work

Jubilee Certificate to be Awarded

To Stake Superintendents Y. M.M.I. A., and Stake Presidents Y.L.M.I.A,

Dear Brethren and Sisters: We feel sure that each stake and all workers

of the organizations of both the Y.M. and Y.L.M.I.A. are waiting anxiously to know just what can be done to show proper appreciation, and the

strength of the two great organizations, during this Jubilee year. The

definite dates have already been fixed and the committees of the General

Board are at work planning for the great celebration next June. We know

that you will put forth a special effort and help us make this a real banner year in the history of our organizations.

In order to show our appreciation to all stakes for their good works, we are having prepared a specially engraved Jubilee certificate to be awarded at the June Conference to each stake organization which makes a 100% record on the efficiency report during any month in the year prior to

June 1, 1925.

One of the things we desire to celebrate in the coming Jubilee year will be the fact that after fifty years of existence, we are 50,000 strong.

However, it will be necessary for every ward and stake, especially the larger wards, to materially increase its enrollment over the preceding year. The

way to do this is clearly outlined in our present plan to secure membership by making a working list containing name of every boy in each ward between the ages of 12 and at least up to 25; and every girl from 14 to at least

25, and then organizing to conduct a personal campaign with each of these boys and girls to have them enrolled. If the work is done in this way, we will

all be able to rejoice that, after fifty years, we are 50,000 strong in each organization.

We feel that this record of achievement is possible in every stake of the Church. Organize your forces at once, in each department, and

let us all make a special effort, during the month of January, to reach this worthy accomplishment. Will your stake be numbered among the

successful ones when the January record is published? Please answer on

the enclosed card. Write us at once, if we may assist you,

Your brother in the gospel, Melvin J. Ballard, Chairman of General Committee Jubilee

Celebration, June, 1925.

December 17, 1924.

Y. M. M. I. A. in the Great Northwest

"The Mutual Improvement Associations in the Northwestern States

Mission have increased, both in number of associations and in enrollment, over last year. We are trying to follow the outlines and carry on the

Mutual work here just as it is done in the organized stakes and wards.

But the work is new to many of us and we are, therefore, weak in many respects, but hope to overcome these handicaps as time goes on. Some of

our associations are held jointly with the young ladies. This class of

association is necessary because of the small number of members in some of our districts. We have an enrollment of 226 with 12 otft of the 16

associations reporting; and for October, had an average attendance of 182.

There are approximately 5,000 Saints Jn this mission. Many of them live

in remote places where it is impossible for them to attend any of our organizations. Those who live in the districts where our organizations

MUTUAL WORK 301

are located, support them in a very creditable manner. In many districts

we have 100% of our possible Mutual members enrolled."Orson Haynie,

Mission Superintendent.

Enrollment of Members at School or at Work

The joint M. I. A. Executive Boards make the following recommendations:

As a general rule members shall enroll where they reside; or, they

shall enroll where they may be temporarily residing attending school or at work; any exceptions to this rule must be worked out locally.

When members leave their home stake or ward to reside for a season in another locality, their names should be send to the officers of the stake or ward in which they go. The officers should make every effort to

secure such new arrivals'membership and attendance. In the home ward

their names may be entered on the roll as a matter of history, with a not of explanation as to cause of temporary absence; but absentees should not

be counted in the enrollment during the time of their absence.

To Our Subscribers, Friends, Agents and

Officers of the Y. M. M. I. A.

We desire to and do express our thanks to all of you for the splendid response that you have given to the circulation of the Improvement Era, and the request to place it upon a cash basis in the business department.

The loyal army of laborers who have solicited subscriptions and the long list of subscribers testify to the ready response given to our suggestion to pay in advance, and from the number of subscriptions, letters and notices so far received, we are certain that they will make the new venture a complete success, resulting in benefit to both the Improvement Era, and to all our readers who have its interest at heart. Again thank you. We have

still some numbers for November and December, and can fill orders for the whole volume if sent in now.

FOUNDERS DAY, L. D. S. UNIVERSITY, SALT LAKE

Students met and with their band played selections in front of the general Church offices. They sang class songs, gave college yells, filled the

sky with colored balloons, and in other ways greeted and gave honor to

President Heber J. Grant.

302 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I, A. Efficiency Report, November, 1924

a. o a pMO fj STAKES j=> s S u K 09o

Alpine 9 6 8 8 7 5 1 9 5 Bear River 9 9 10 10 9 10 4 10 10

Benson 7 6 6 7 4 8 6 4 8 7 Box Elder 9 10 10 8 5 10 10 4 10 10

Cache 10 10 9 9 9 10 8 6 10 10

Carbon 7 6 10 6 6 10 2 1 8 8 Cottonwood 8 10 10 10 9 10 5 5"10 9

Deseret 10 10 6 4 3 8 7 6 7 7 Emery 8 10 4 4 4 6 2 1 5 5 Granite 7 10 10 10 10 10 4 2 9 10

Grant 6 9 10 10 10 10 4 2 10 10

Gunnison 9 10 10 5 8 10 7 5 10 6

Hyrum 7 6 9 10 10 9 7 9 10 10 Jordan 6 10 6 6 3 6 5 7 7 6 Juab 10 6 10 4 6 10 10 5 10 10

Kanab 8 6 8 3 2 8 4 5 5 Liberty 8 10 10 10 10 10 7 10 10

Logan 9 10 10 10 9 10 4 10 9 Millard 10 7 9 10 5 10 10 8 9 10

Mount Ogden - 8 10 10 6 9 10 9 5 10 10

Nebo 5 9 5 7 7 3 3 3 7 7 Ncith Davis. 7 5 10 8 7 10 7 3 8 8

North Sanpete 6 10 7 5 6 9 7 3 7 7

North Sevier,.. 6 10 10 5 5 10 5 2 7 8

North Weber... 9 9 9 7 3 8 6 10 9 8

Ogden 9 6 9 10 10 10 8 8 8 10 Oquilrrh 9 6 10 10 6 10 9 2 10 10

Panguitch 8 10 5 1 3 5 4 2 5 5

Parowan 9 6 6 4 1 9 3 4 4 4 Pioneer 6 10 8 7 7 8 5 3 8 7 St. George 10 8 8 4 5 9 5 4 6 7

Salt Lake 7 10 10 JO 10 10 9 5 10 10

Sevier 9 9 10 7 8 10 9 7 8 9 South Davis 9 10 9 10 9 10 9 6 10 10

South Sanpete 9 9 10 5 7 10 9 1 10 10

South Sevier - 4 6 4 3 1 4 4 4 4 6Tintic 8 6 10 2 2 10 8 9 9 Tooele 5 6 10 10 10 10 10 3 10 10

Utah 8 9 10 10 9 10 5 9 9 Wasatch '. 1 9 10 10 7 10 10 5 4 9 6

Weber 1 8 9 9 6 5 10 6 4 10 9 Bannock 1 10 10 10 3 4 10 7 5 6 5

Bear Lake 1 6 6 6 5 7 6 6 3 5 7

Bingham 10 10 10 10 7 10 9 9 9 6

Blackfoot 8 6 10 5 9 10 9 2 10 10

Boise 7 6 8 4 6 9 6 3 9 7 Burley 10 6 10 4 6 10 9 5 10 10

Cassia 10 9 10 8 4 10 6 10 9 Curlew 6 10 2 1 4 5 3 2 4 3 Franklin 8 6 10 10 4 10 10 4 10

Fremont 10 9 10 10 6 9 7 6 9 10

Idaho 7 5 3 2 1 4 2 4 4 3 Lost River 10 9 10 10 10 10 9 3 I 7 9

Malad 9 10 10 10 9 10 9 9 10 10

Minidoka 10 10 10 5 6 10 5 5 9 9

MUTUAL WORK 303

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, (Continued)

T3a fanc a Adhi a a i.3 i a SCO 2u STAKES O 5| u

3 03I a 53 f* I 1 In s=a ag Montpelier 10 10 10 4 3 10 8 7 9 10 81

Oneida 6 7 10 10 8 10 10 8 7 8 84

Pocatello 10 6 9 10 8 10 7 8 10 9 87

Raft River 7 10 4 2 5 4 6 2 2 42

Rigby 8 10 7 8 5 10 8 5 10 6 77

Shelley 10 10 9 7 6 10 9 7 10 7 8=5

Teton 2 8 3 6 2 10 3 3 7 3 47 Twin Falls 9 10 7 4 7 10 7 6 10 7 77

Yellowstone 10 9 8 7 5 8 6 4 8 6 71

Alberta 10 6* 7 10 7 9 8 6 6 7 76

Lethbridge 10 10 7 10 8 10 10 9 10 10 94

Los Angeles 10 10 8 8 10 10 8 5 10 10 89

Maricopa 10 10 10 10 5 10 8 5 10 10 88

Moapa 10 8 7 3 1 10 7 6 9 10 71

St. Joseph 10 9 10 7 10 5 2 5 8 56

Snowflake 9 9 10 7 4 10 8 7 5 7 76

Star Valley.... 10 10 9 10 7 10 10 10 10 9 95

Taylor 10 10 10 10 4 10 10 7 10 8 91

Union 10 10 10 4 8 10 10 3 10 8 83

Woodruff. 6 10 6 4 3 7 3 4 6 4 53

Young 8 8 - 4 1 1 1 2 25 Calif. Mission.. 7 10 7 2 2 9 8 6 3 6 60

N. W. States.... 10 10 8........ 8 4 5.... 6 51

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, November, 1924

6-s g = STAKES S 3 2K| is a c J o J Alpine 949 138 143 177 160 250 868 104 84 100 82 174 544

Bear River.. 488 81 125 115 10 110 441 58 75 70 9 68 280

Benson 758 75 97 118 92 125 507 69 46 60 41 84 300

Box Elder. 766 107 213 115 30 228 693 84 136 81 21 1561478

Cache 520 84 58 144 242 528 71 36 73 177 357 1 1 6Carbon 360 35 78 63 86 262 29 49 30 53

Cottonwood 675 98 61 162 198 519 80 30 119 1431372

Deseret 430 75 174 91 24 129 493 53 102 54 14 96 319

Emery 555 46 89 114 157 406 38 67 89 135 329

Granite.. 911 93 64 169 104 248 678 80 50 130 87 190 53 7

Grant 1168 120 92 164 94 283 753 86 44 98 46 180 454

Gunnison 288 53 47 69 14 79 262 43 33 41 10 55 182

Hyrum 500 64 124 111 117 416 51 74 61 64 250

Jordan 1064 99 125 154 273 651 72 75 95 191 433

Juab 337 45 105 94 127 371 33 43 44 79 199

Kanab 225 33 49 40 65 187 24 31 10 55 120

Liberty 1250 133 219 304 84 348 1088 102 124 176 45 229 676

Logan 608 118 104 151 209 582 98 63 111 145 417

Mount Ogden 575 73 101 145 168 487 64 56 90 130 340

Nebo 972 15 11 87 105 110 23 198 523 59 54 55 13 124 305 304 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, (Continued)

a.2 a 1 I STAKES m-j S=3 3O O- = g IS 3 g < Ed oaH O J North Davis... 450 67 62 95 110 334 43 30 42 74 189

North Sanpete 760 73 72 114 198 477 63 56 79 154 376

North Sevier 265 31 50 36 26 168 25 39 23 17 118

Narth Weber. 713 110 106 199 232 647 90 61 114 143 408

Ogden 796 91 141 236 250 718 72 73 146 172 463

Oquirrh 420 57 77 87 49 136 406 46 36 47 33 76 238

Panguitch 271 42 58 52 16 65 233 23 45 33 7 53 161

Parowan 324 55 92 59 27 60 293 5 63 39 21 42 170

Pioneer 780 63 60 143 43 133 442 46 36 90 31 104 307

St. George 680 118 191 209 84 145 74 7 87 98 94 41 94 414

Salt Lake 1068 134 115 155 115 267 786 186 109 91 131 211 728

Sevier 353 52 59 66 27 124| 328 39 38 38 16 58 189

South Davis.. 420 71 75 93 12 152 403 41 41 77 18 62 239

South Sanpete 448 58 90 130 24 112 414 South Sevier... 285 21 35 17 7 25 105 18 13 12 25 69

Tin tic 246 35 70 21 75 201 27 34 10 45 116

Tooele 360 29 69 31 13 39 181 26 23 26 11 21 107

Utah 1000 123 122 214 378 837 103 65 148 254 570

Wasatch 377 55 81 92 99 327 43 65 70 70 248

Bannock 257 48 72 80 88 288 32 60 63 68 223

Bear Lake 302 54 68 56 89 267 49 37 35 53 174

Bingham 500 96 178 113 48 112 547 72 109 76 79 365

Blackfoot 514 74 116 72 42 84 388 50 60 42 78 246

Boise 358 58 80 52 19 53 262 39 37 31 29 151

Burley 321 73 133 93 113 412 57 78 58 72 265

Cassia 169 42 67 20 3 7 60 226 29 43 12 27 30 141

Curlew 135 23 24 26 23 96 19 18 19 17 73

Franklin 440 97 116 81 11 97 401 64 60 49 7 46 226

Fremont 687 104 167 194 125 100 690 79 97 109 101 57 443

Idaho 211 36 54 27 37 154 20 29 12 24 85

Lost River 120 35 47 38 45 165 24 28 26 30 108

Malad 350 62 68 90 107 327 49 49 57 75 230

Minidoka.. 223 56 81 48 61 254 33 66 42 38 185

Montpelier 345 88 107 81|1 24 124 424 70 75 50 79 293

Oneida 356 54 64 38 72 228 41 39 27 51 158

Pocatello 473 114 109 124 131 499 77 62 70 98 318

Raft River 160 25 40 29 113 33 42 16 113

Rigby. 500 96 77 84 126 383 74 41 58 86|259

Shelley 335 79 105 65 85 370 57 65 50 26 591257

Teton 300 22 20 12 24 82 7 12 8 5 15 47

Twin Falls 194 43 57 41 37 178 35 37. 27 34 133

Yellowstone 250 38 91 45 3 70 247 35 61 21 1 37 155

Alberta 350 86 115 122 65 102 490 62 66 71 41 57 297

Lethbridge 225 59 8"6 55 17 62 279 46 50 36 16 40 188

Los Angeles. 400 125 165 254 140 734 105 150 219 165 639

Maricopa 373 69 173 101 36 87 486 55 112 62 48 59|336

Moapa 202 54 106 100 77 337 46 58 56 51)211

St. Joseph.. 507 94 112 138 144 488 64 70 85 88 307

Snowflake 280 33 86 36 22 84 266 29 56 16 10 48 159

Star Valley.. 360 101 55 104 114 3 74 69 34 70 83 256

Taylor 318 61 107 71 102 393 47 65 48 34 69 263

Union 170 60 59 65 38 237 54 27 34 10 36 161

Woodruff 435 44 70 78 83 275 36 46 64 52 198

Young 102 14 17 27 21 88 4 4 19 6 10 43

Calif. Mission 794 130 217 153 85 585 124 149 111 76 460

N. W. States 75 131 51 29 24 310 71 119 38 21 20 269

General P. Elias Calles took the oath of office, Nov. 30, as president of

Mexico, succeeding General Obregon, in the presence of 25,000 spectators.

The United States was represented by H. F. Arthur Schofield, counselor

of the embassy.

A new cure for cancer was reported "at a meeting of the homeopathic association in Philadelphia, Nov. 18, 1924. The basis of the treatment

is said to be "radium emanation."But, unlike the former radium treatment, the present one does not attempt to kill the cancerous tissues but to restore them to normal. The substance remains active only 27 days, but

its rays are said to be effective against all forms of malignant -tumors.

Pictures by radio were successfully transferred from London to New

York, Nov. 30, 1924, by the Radio Corporation of America. A couple

of days previously the portraits of President Coolidge, and Secretary of

State Hughes had been transferred by the same means to London. Gen,

Jr. G. Harbord, president of the Radio corporation declared that under

favorable circumstances a picture could be transmitted in six minutes. It

will be possible, soon, to send checks and drafts and other important documents by radio.

Dr. Jean Capart believes The Book of Abraham to be genuine. He is

professor in Egyptology at the university in Brussels, and knows whereof he speaks. The gentleman visited Salt Lake Cityrecently and, in an interview published in # the Deseret News, Dec. 8, said in part:

"The original manuscripts, from which the book called the Book of Abraham by the Latterday Saints is taken, are unquestionably of true Egyptian origin, and the plates reproduced in the pages of the work are easily deciphered by one educated in Egyptology."

Millions for charity and education are set apart by James B. Duke, the

tobacco magnate at Charlotte, N. C, according to the announcement, he

has created a trust fund of $40,000,000, to be used for the founding of a college, for hospitals and other charitable purposes. George Eastman, of the Kodak company, has given away the bulk of his

holdings, keeping only enough to enable him to "participate effectively"in the management. The university of Rochester will receive

$8, "500, 000, and other institutions $6,500,000, making a total of $15,000,000.

Mrs. Florence Kling Harding, widow of the late President Harding, died,

Nov. 21, 1924, at the home of Mrs. Charles E. Sawyer, White Oak farm.

She was born, Aug. 15, 18 60, at Marion, Ohio. At the age of 20 she

married Eugene de Wolfe, who left her about 9 years ago, leaving two children. He went west, and was last heard from in Oregon or Washington.

Establishing reasonable ground for the belief that he was dead, she obtained her freedom by due court action, and some time afterwards she was married to her late husband who, before his death, became president of the United

States. They were married in 1891.

To "hear"electrons is now possible, according to an announcement from Ann Arbor, Mich. The vacuum tube amplifier, in which the amplification is carried to a hundred thousandfold and with which a millionfold can

be reached, is the instrument through whirh this is accomplished. The sound

produced by the electrons, says Dr. A. W. Hull of the Research Laboratory.

306 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the General Electric company, is caused by bombardment of the plate by electrons released from the hot filament. It is these electrons which carry

the current and which make operation of the tube possible. The noise

is therefore a fundamental property of electron emission, a characteristic of the electron, according to Dr. Hull.

August Belmont died Dec. 1, at his apartment in New York,

71 years of age, after an illness of only twentyfour hours. He was born

in New York Feb. 18, 1853. He entered Harvard university in 1873.

In 1875 he entered the banking firm of his father, of which he assumed control in 1890, at the death of his father, and has throughout his life been prominent in banking circles. At the time of his death he was head

of the firm of August Belmont & Co. Mr. Belmont was chairman of the

board of directors of the interborough Rapid Transit company, the Equitable

Life Insurance company, the National Park bank and various other corporations. Mr. Belmont was married twice and was the father of three

children.

Samuel Gompers died, Dec. 13, in a hospital at San Antonio, Tex.,

on his way home from Mexico, where he had attended a labor congress.

The famous labor leader, an Englishman by birth, was born in England on

Jan. 27, 1850, a son of Samuel and Sarah Gompers. He received his

early education in the British Isles, but came to America when still a boy.

At the age of 15, Samuel Gompers embarked on his stormy career as a labor leader. He was a cigar maker. Gompers was one of the charter

organizers of the American Federation of Labor and became its president in 1882, which position he held up to 1920, with the exception of one year at the peace congress at Versailles he represented the labor interests and received great influence.

Ambrose Noble McKay died Nov. 18, at the Holy Cross Hospital.

Salt Lake City, after an illness of only two weeks. He has for many years

been engaged in newspaper work, and for the last thirteen years as general manager of the Salt Lake Tribune. As such he has had great success and

been influential in the affairs of the community. He was born at Whitby.

Canada, May 5, 1868, and came to this country in 1890. Surviving him

are his wife, Mary Cope McKay, to whom he was married October 3. 1897

and a son, Donald, a senior in Stanford university, a brother, Dr. James

B. McKay, of Marion, Ind., and three sisters, Mrs. E. M. Park of Edmonton, Alberta and Misses Emily H. and Janet McKay of Whitby, Ontario,

Canada, also survive.

An ancient burial ground has been found by Prof. A. A. Kerr, of

the archaeological department of the university of Utah about twelve miles west of Blanding, San Juan, Utah. It was discovered near the ruins of a

cliff dwelling known as "Whisker's Ruin."Excavation brought to light a

great number of pottery and other articles of interest. In one grave 1 6 little

jars were found beside a corpse, possible the remains of a chieftain. In another

grave eight pieces of pottery were taken out. They may have been the property

of a medicine man. An interesting cliff dwelling was discovered in Fisk

Creek canyon. It had ten rooms and a balcony supported by a column, a

detail of architecture whirh Prof. Kerr did not remember ever having seen

before. A great natural bridge was also discovered.

Education for better home life will be the central theme for the fifth annual Leadership Week, at the Brigham Young University, commencing

January 26, according to announcement from the Extension Division. The

week will be conducted along the lines followed in the past, but a number of new departments will be added. Among the new departments are:

PASSING EVENTS 307

Interior Decorating; Reading for the Home; Training for Parenthood;

Psychology of Childhood; Play Production. Other courses will be as

fellows: Social Welfare; Community Planning; Vocational Guidance;

Scout Leadership; Music; Religious Education; Principles and Methods of

ference; Recreation; F ods and Nutrition; Clothing and Textiles; Home

ference; Rreacreation; Foods and Nutrition; Clothing and Textiles; Home

Health and Sanitation.

Patriarch Adolph Madsen passed away at his home in Brigham City,

Utah, Dec. 5, 1924, of general debility, being S3 years of age. He was

Danish by birth, but has lived in Brigham City for 60 years and taken a prominent part in Church and civic activities. He was bishop of the

Third ward for many years, and the first counselor to Stake President

Rudger Clawson. Later he was ordained a patriarch, a position he held

at the time of his death. He filled a mission to Scandinavia, in 188991,

and for a time presided over the Norwegian Conference in Christiania. He

worked for twentythree years in the Salt Lake temple, until 1916, when he was compelled to give up that work on account of ill health.

Surviving are the following children: Mrs. Eli H. Pierce, Salt Lake;

Mrs. C. W. Richards, Mrs. Alice M. Johnston, Mrs. Mary M. Olsen, Misses

Phoebe, Sevena and Daisy Madsen, all of Brigham city.

The Centennial anniversary of Dr. Harvey C. Hullinger was observed

at Vernal, Utah, Dec. 2, in the Orpheus hall, which was filled to capacity.

Talks, music, and dancing made up a very enjoyable program. He was

given a handsome leather chair by the city. Telegrams were received from

President Heber J. Grant, President Calvin Coolidge, and many others.

President Coolidge telegraphed: "My congratulations to you on this remarkable anniversary occasion. You have my sincere wishes that you may

celebrate many returns of the day."Dr. Hullinger was born fourteen years

after Lincoln and was two years of age when Thomas Jefferson died. He

came to Utah from Iowa in 1859 and served in the Civil war as a physician.

He has practiced medicine in Ashley valley for fortytwo years and performed valuable service to the people here during pioneer days.

Recent inventions. Germany is interested in a number of new inventions. One is a system for central heating for a whole city. The system

is already working in Hamburg, and a beginning has been made in Berlin.

Another is a machine insuring secrecy in radio. The radio invention

is by Professor Bruevitch, who has completed a sender which works only with a receiving machine which also he has built. The sender is claimed

to use a wave length in such a manner that only a similar receiver can hear anything, and Russian papers describe successful tests.

It takesA new color camera claims to remedy all previous faults.

pictures in onefifth of a second on the same lens, with three color plates.

The gelatin papers used are not sensitive. Each plate prints its own color on

the paper, resulting in perfect, lifelike pictures. There is also a contrivance

which, it is claimed, dispenses with the motor in the aeroplane and can be run by manpower alone. The inventor is Major Pilarski. of Vienna. His

propeller is called a "wing propeller,"the wings being supposed to vibrate and grip the air much more effectively than the rotating blade propeller.

The new propeller is being tried out on a motor boat at Vienna and shows effectiveness in water which is too shallow for regular propellers or wheels.

The Kolob stake was organized, Nov. 23, 1924, at the regular quartely

conference of the Utah stake. President Rudger Clawson and Elder

Joseph Fielding Smith, of the Council of the Twelve, were present.

308 IMPROVEMENT ERA

George R. Maycock, bishop of the Springville Fourth ward, was

sustained as the president of the new stake, with J. Frank Bringhurst, bishop

of the Springville Second ward, as first counselor and Edwin M. Snow,

for twentyone years a member of the Mapleton ward bishopric, as second counselor. The bishops of the four Springville wards were released and in their

places were sustained J. Emmett Bird in the First ward, William Wainwright

in the Second ward, H. Ralph Smart in the Third ward and Hilton A.

Robertson, recently returned president of the Japanese mission, in the Fourth ward. Three bishops in the Utah stake also were released as follows: George

Powelson from the Provo Third ward, Alfred L. Booth from the Provo

Fourth ward, and Albert Mabey from the Provo Fifth ward. All three of

these former bishops were sustained as alternate high counselors in the Utah stake. To take their places as bishops of the respective wards were

sustained Henry Aldous Dixon, Royal J. Murdock and Professor Clawson Y.

Cannon.

Major General Sir Lee Oliver Stock died at a hospital in Cairo, Nov.

20, as a result of wounds received in an attack by assassins. Great Britain

immediately made demands on the Egyptian government for an apology, and indemnity of 500,000, punishment of the assassins, guarantee for the safety of foreign officials, and concessions regarding increased irrigation in

Sudan. The Egyptain government accepted the demands regarding apology,

punishment of the assassins and indemnity, and promised to prevent disturbances of the peace, but the demands regarding Sudan and the irrigation project, it considered contrary to the constitution and "premature."Viscount

Allenby who has full charge of the negotiations replied that in view of the refusal of the Egyptian government to comply, the Sudan government would be at liberty to increase the irrigation area to any extent, and that further notice would be given as to what action would be taken in view of the refusal to protect foreign interests. Zagloul pasha, the Egyptian premier,

resigned, Nov. 24, and the situation became less tense. On Dec. 1 it was announced from Cairo that the crisis was past because the new Egyptian government had acceded to all the demands of Great Britain, after the shooting

down of a number of Sudanese troops, declared to be in revolt.

The first radiocast service under the auspices of the First Presidency was held Sunday evening, Nov. 16, 1924, at 9 p. m., at the station K F P

T. Letters and telegrams from Canada and many places in western America

have been received expressing appreciation of the service. In his address.

President Heber J. Grant discussed the Articles of Faith. He took up each

article separately and presented a graphic interpretation of its significance.

Supplementing his discussion with numerous episodes out of his own rich experience, he made clear the distinctiveness of the "Mormon"point of view. The service was opened by an instrumental trio by the Lindsay sisters,

with Mrs. Melba Lindsay Burton in charge. The singing was under the

direction of Arthur McFarlane, music director of Grant stake. He presented

a mixed double quartet from Whittier ward. They sang Stephens'"Let the

Mountains Shout for Joy!"and the anthem "Lord of Heaven,"with inspiring effect. Arthur McFarlane and H. C. Mortensen sang "The Morning

Breaks,"by Stephens. Mrs. Minnie Eckhardt rendered the sacred solo,

"Blessings."In response to demands from Magna and various other parts

of the country, Mrs. Eckhardt also sang, "Oh My Father"with a violin

obligato played by Mrs. Melba Lindsay Burton. The piano accompaniments

were played by Miss Marjorie Dahlen. President Grant spoke also on the

23rd with an appropriate musical program.

President Seymour B. Young passed away early in the morning of

Dec. 15, at his home in Salt Lake City, after an illness of about a week.

For some time he has been feeble, but up to a little over

PASSING EVENTS 309

a week ago has been able to attend to his duties at the Church office.

Seymour Bicknell Young was born in Kirtland, Ohio, Oct. 3, 1837,

as son of Joseph Young and Jane Bicknell Young, his father being an older brother of President Brigham Young. In his mother's arms he was

carried through a hail of bullets unharmed, at the scene of the Haun's Mill massacre, in 1838. The following year the family moved to Nauvoo,

where they remained till June 1846, when they started for the west.

Though Seymour B. was but a young child at the time of the martyrdom

of the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother Hyrum Smith, the patriarch, he always remembered having seen them as they left Nauvoo for Carthage, and then the funeral of the martyrs and the grief of the Saints at the taking off of the leaders. The family of Seymour B. Young arrived at

Winter Quarters late in the fall of 1846, and in Salt Lake valley Sept. 29,

1850. Ever since, Seymour B. Young has led an active and useful life, as a

pioneer, missionary, soldier, physician, and Church official. He helped in

building the first house in Cache valley. In 1857 he was ordained a

Seventy, and called to go on a mission to Great Britain. In 1862 he

enlisted in the U. S. army, and was one of 105 men from Utah, entrusted

with the duty of guarding the mail route and telegraph lines from Missouri river to San Francisco. He also served in the "Black Hawk war."After

that he engaged in railroad building under the Brigham Young Jr., contract.

In 1870 he went on another mission to Great Britain in company with his father. When he returned home he engaged in the study of medicine,

and in 1874 received his diploma from the University Medical College of

New York. As a physician he gained a welldeserved reputatioa. In

October, 1882, he was called by President John Taylor to be one of the first council of seventy, and at the death of Jacob Gates he became senior president in that quorum. On April 14, 1867, he married Elizabeth

Riter, by whom he had twelve children, ten of whom survive. They are

Seymour B. Young Jr., Mrs. M. D. Wells, Florence Pearl Young, Levi

Edgar Young, Mrs. Willard Arnold, Elma Young, Clifford E. Young,

Irene Young, Mrs. Orson M. Rogers and Mrs. J. T. Hammond. Jr. Later

he married Abbie C. Wells, who, with one child, Mrs. Nana Clark, survives.

Brothers and sisters are B. Bicknell Young of Chicago, the Misses Vilate

Fannie and Henrietta Young and Mrs. Chloe Benedict of Seattle, and Mrs.

Myra Russell of this city. The late Judge Le Grand Young was a

brother.

In the Northwestern States Mission, the Fathers and Sons'of the

Portland Branch, Oregon, met on August 8. Games were played, stories told

and experiences related. Brother Irving C. Emmett, an expert on birds,

gave a very interesting talk on bird life. Mission President Brigham S.

Young, counselled the fathers to gain and keep the confidence of their sons.

Later in the month the Fathers and Sons'of the Cascade, Montana, Branch went into the mountains for a fourday trip. They report that they had

a splendid time and are looking forward to next year when they can go again. This is the first time that these activities have been engaged in in this

mission and while they were new to us, and we probably did not get as much good from them as we might, yet we feel much has been accomplished and that because of them our Mutuals will be stronger during the coming year.

We organized four new mutuals during August at the following places,

Black Diamond, Wash., Vancouver, British Columbia, Bellingham, Wash.,

and Everett, Wash. Several of our other associations have recently been

reorganized so now we feel that we are ready to start the winter season with expectations of the most successful season we have ever had. We enjoy

the good things the Improvement Era has to give to us each month and pray that God's choicest blessings may ever be with you in your work.

Orson Haynie, Mission Superintendent.

The Lumberjack

Here's a tale of the tall, dark pines priceless mines That skirt the Sound—those

Fast vanishing. Of their romance

Much has been told. Yet one

Story remains, my own. Begun

Now, while the Sprites of Memory dance.

They called him Swede when first he came,

A hulking fellow, to Bill McKane

Who bossed the camp on the Spar.

His was the tongue of the northern folk

Of Sweden, his home, he often spoke,

And he worshiped her from afar.

A feller by trade, with an arm of steel

Like the saw he plied. To see him kneel

At the foot of a monarch and lay it low

Was a rare and beautiful sight that men

Remembered and boasted of. Gradually Swen

At felling grew famous, above and below.

Men at the Spar were famed for their brawn,

And many a test of strength 'til dawn

Lasted while bunks lay cold.

Swede led the loggers, and to this day

At Sound or Spar, up Oso way Yarns of his feats are told.

Now Mack (as they called the boss at the camp)

Had a lad of five, a lively scamp,

Full of mischief, a runaway.

That day as the logs from the slopes above

Came down on the cars with shunt and shove

The child, at the pond, was at play.

Swede had alighted from the loaded car

And heard, of a sudden, a crushing jar

As a twoton log broke aft.

With canthook in hand, he sprang to block

The timber and braced to meet the shock

And save the lad in its path.

I'm telling it just as 'twas told to me,

By those who witnessed the tragedy:

The Norseman with arms of oak Holding the log with consummate craft,

While they snatched the boy from the monster's wrath,

And then the canthook broke!

They stretched Swede lifeless upon the shore

Of the sawmill pond, where an hour before

God smiled and all was gay;

Sorrowfully, reverently, bowed deep in grief

The men of the Spar camp buried their chief

In the pines where he sleeps today.

Boneta, Utah. G. P. BARBER.

"We appreciate the Era, for it is a great help to us in telling the people of South Africa what 'Mormonism'stands for."'J. Wyley Sessions, president of the South African mission, Cumorah, Main Road, Mowbray C. P.

Africa.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, JANUARY, 1925

Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Heber J. Grant. { P,. Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr.

Edward H. Anderson, \ Moroni Snow, Assistant.

New Passenger Station, Ogden, Utah Frontispiece "Daddy Said That It Wouldn't Be Right"A PoemT. C.-Hoyt 185

The Welding Link Elder Orson F. Whitney 187

Obstacles. A Poem Ethel R. Lilly white 196

The Pilgrim of the West Judge Wallace McCamant 197

No Boy Is Bad Joseph S. Peery 201

The Heritage and Promise John Henry Evans: 202

Maxims L. Spring 207

The Run-A-Way Babies. A Story Lula Greene Richards..'. 208

A Few Thought Gems E. S. Howell 216

Building of the Utah Central. Illustrated Gustive O. Larson 217

Encouragement. A Poem Jack Egbert 227

The Indians of the Antilles Anna Musser 229

Inspiration of Zion National Park. A Poem Camilla W. Judd 231

Heroes of Science F. S. Harris and N. I. Butt... 232

The Cripple. A Poem. Orvid E. Howell 234

A Chance At Life. A Story Marguerite Cameron 235

. Joseph H. Dean 239The Resigner. A Poem

Bobby. A Story Fred McLaughlin 240

.. 241The Sky of Utah. A Sonnet Joseph Longking Townsend

Preaching the Gospel Through the Radio Earl J. Glade 243

We Trust in Thee. A Poem J. Oscar Anderson 245

.. 246The Iudustrial Future of Palestine H. C. Singer

Prophecy and History 249 The Bird. A Poem Samuel B. Mitton 251

Supposed Likenesses of Our Lord. Illustrated J. M. Sjodahl 252

Church Music Committee Edward P. Kimball 255

Boys and Music Charles Kent 257

A Parable. A Poem L S. A. Purnngton 257

Mission Messages. Illustrated 258

, 268The Road From Yesterday. A Story Ezra J. Poulsen

. Will Dobson 273His First Lion. A Story

The Laggard's Lament. A Poem Annie G. Launtzen 277

A Bathrobe Escapade. A Story Glen Perrins 278

The Mountains. A Poem Weston N. Nordgran 279

The Ethics of Sport Jno. J. Tigert 280

The Angel's Prayer. A Poem E. L. Spring 282

The Royal Road to Happiness Elder Stephen L. Richards Z8 3

A Sketch of June { V. Tassenbrock 290

Dear Friend of Mine. A Poem L. J- Sorensen Z91

The Lumberjack. A Poem G. P. Barber 310

Say You, Men? -"W>Editors'Table—What

President Seymour B. Young q

Comparison A I Don't Know - ti'Q -.- *jj'Brigham Young as Seen by Mr. Werner—A Love Story

Priesthood Quorums n Mutual Work i j"Passing Events Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Makes it Distinctive

Bind your Improvement Era Will Make a Good Reference Book

We Are Equipped to do Any and All Kinds of Binding

The Deseret News Press SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH PHONE WAS. 550

Trophies Won by Our Students NOW IS A GOOD TIME TO ENROLL WINTEit TERM OPENS JANUARY 5, 1925

Positions guaranteed to all graduates

WRITE FOR FULL, INFORMATION HENAGER'S BUSINESS COLLEGE 45 E. BROADWAY, SALT LAKE CITY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA b ood for Thought in Books

will find that the SVsZ&VTyjk You

a 4eaer"as well. Good ifflnfflPyli I SBW DOks stimulate to progress tjMiI Mil \ 111 S0S3ar

**JBlJJB\H{t and guide in the surest

In 1925, read to a definite goal. Let our book expert help

you choose authors and titles. Tell us what you are interested in and we'll suggest appropriate books. Write or call

at the store.

Any Book Sent by Mail C. O. D.

Deseret Book Co.

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City.

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We

recommend to our readers the firms and goods found in our advertising pages. Hereafter we will list each month

the advertisers in each issue.

Fire IsNo Respecter of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not "See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

TRY OUR NEW GASOLINE BLUGREEN BOYCEITE BluGreen gasoline is the only carbonless fuel in America today. Wherever you see Bennett's Boyceite treated gasoline featured be

it. sure it is BluGreen in color—or don't accept

BENNETT'S SERVICE STATIONS

Z. C. M. I. FACTORY MADE

Kiddies Allovers DUTCHCUT Play Suits FOR BOYS They are the famous Mountaineer

Brand in dark blue, light blue, stripes and khaki.

Mothers, they are just what you need for the little tots—and the kiddies

like them.

We are now ready to make our twentieth year the banner year of our history.

9/ie BIO HOME COMPANY YOU NEED OUR INSURANCE WE WANT YOUR BUSINESS Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Bldg.—Salt Lake

Heber J. Grant, Pres. Lorenzo N. Stohl, Mgr.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA