f-t

V

.,. $m#&..,

A..

* <, A- M JULY, 1937 RETURN POSTAGE 6UARANTEE0 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH kM.

<.. and all year 'round, 4 miles out of 5 are Stop and Go

It's great to go out riding, now To cut down the high cost of stop Your motor, at all times, gets the that summer's here again! and go, Shell engineers have detull benefit of SuperShell's high

But remember, stop and go is veloped a way to "balance"gasenergy content.. and you get the

just as costly in June as it is in oline. This balancing process, by savings!

January. rearranging its chemical structure, For the sake of economy, next

Shifting gears after only one makes SuperShell "digestible"for time try this "motor - digestible"stop can waste enough gasoline to your motor, just as cooking makes gasoline. It is on sale at the Shell

drive your car a third of a mile! food digestible for you. dealer in your neighborhood.

SUPERSHELL

.#* t> THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

NEWSPAPER THANKS, PETE I SURE HOPECOLUMNIST LAUDS VV, %&**>. lAfe, JI#--x,.JP*

HUGH B. BROWN THESEHOLDLEVI'S!

pLDER Hugh B. Brown, recently T\ appointed head of the British DON'T WORRY,

Mission, received ardent praise YOU CET A NEW through the columns of The AlPAIR FREE \r bertan, an influential newspaper published in Calgary, Alberta, CanTHEY RIP I ada, where President Brown formerly resided.

The article signed by C. K.

Jamieson appears as a special feature on the editorial page of the issue

ISWITHMAJORHIS HUGHFELLOWB.of May 8, 1937. Mr. Jamieson, a THEBROWN,CENTERSHOWNFIGUREHERE

warm, personal friend of President COMMANDING OFFICERS OF "C"SQUADRON,

Brown, although not a member of WAR23RD BROKEALBERTAUP RANGERS,THIS GROUP.1910. THE WORLD

our Church, recounts Elder Brown's varied activities when he resided in admitted to the bar and practising in

Canada and expresses his pleasure Lethbridge until his removal to Salt because of the appointment of Hugh Lake City, Utah.

B. Brown as "official head of the

Mormon Church in Great Britain."In the second paragraph of the

While still a resident of Cardston, article, Mr. Jamieson says:

President Brown was interested in "In my opinion Mr. Brown has all the

the agency business. He joined the qualifications necessary to represent any

Canadian army during the World organization in any company and under circumstances. appearance, any good Of a major, overand servedWar as

dignified careful speech, thoughtful andseas. he returned to Alberta, When tolerant manner, views and moderate and

he became a law student, later being towards others, he will soon dispel by his demeanor and manner of living any doubts which strangers might entertain toward the faith which he has always followed. He

is a studious man, a sincere and loyal man,

You Can't and an eloquent man."

Always Plan PresidentIn additionBrown,to the Mr.tributeJamiesonpaid to

commented on the arrival of the the Future by Mormons in Canada fifty years ago.

the Past He states:

"I found them at all times a fine class of men and women, splendid family folk, hosJust because you haven't pitable in the extreme, with a calm outlook life fire which on might envy. anyone reason They is no had a Miners, lumbermen other and

are sober, industrious, patient, honest and won't. Don't you why outdoor say: "Easyfit- men and what more can you say about anybody the future judge the by that?"ting than LEVI'S! They're first my past.

choice because they last."ExFire is a constant menLatter-day Saints who have been amine a pair and you'll see

ace and may visit you any associated with Elder Brown while why. Extra heavy denim,

day. he served as stake president in both loomed especially for LEVI'S.

Lethbridge, Salt Canada, and Lake Copper rivets at all points of Insure your property toCity, Utah, are tribute of the proud day and be protected paid to him and the Church by one strain.And stitching so strong

against loss. not of our faith. The British Misthat we guarantee you

Better get your policy sion, on the eve of its Centennial while you can. celebration, is fortunate, indeed, in A NEW PAIR FREE IF THEY RIP!

having a man of President Hugh B,

Utah Home Fire usualBrown'sabilities,sterlingtakequalitiesover theanddirecun-

Insurance Co. tion of the Church in the United Heber J. Grant & Co. Kingdom. M. C. /. LEVI'S waist overalls

GENERAL AGENTS LEVI STRAUSS & CO.

Salt Lake City, Utah San Francisco - Los Angeles 60 O

Heber J Grant, John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Improvement Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson,

Editor Associate General Mgr.JULY, 1937 George Q. Morris,VOLUME 40 Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr.

J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"

OFFICIAL PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ORGAN OF THE DEPARTDO YOU KNOWASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

VIENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD What one of Canada's influential

TEACHERS, AGENCIES OTHER OF THE CHURCH AND says the about new newspapers SAINTS. 'The Glory of God is Intelligence"CHRIST OF LATTER DAY OF JESUS

British Misof president the——sion? Page 401

Where the first baptisms of this disTABLE OF CONTENTS pensation were performed in EucJhe ibaitors [Page rope?; Page 404

Under what circumstances President

Greetings Across the Sea Heber J. Grant 405 Grant was sent to preside over the

European Mission? Page 405

Lshurch features Who the century's presidents of the

Reflections on One Hundred Years in Great Britain British and European missions

Richard R Lyman 406 have been? Pages 407 and 453

Where Man Must Be Master Albert E. Bowen 408 What are the British Centennial celCentennial Greetings Joseph J. Cannon 412 ebration plans? Page 412

Men Preached While Women Waited Amy B. Lyman 416 What George Bernard Shaw says

a Book of Mormon When Queen Victoria Received -- LeRoi C. Snow.. 417 The aboutcircumstancesthe Mormons?under Pagewhich413 A Backward Glance at the British Mission Queen Victoria accepted a Book

Richard L. Evans 420 of Mormon? Page 417

C. Frank Steele 428 What Charles Dickens said about

Inspiration of Four L 433 Days Richard Evans emigration? Page Mormon 418

. Story of The 436 Pyper George Our D. Hymns

five Sovereigns what of Under Great Columnist B. Newspaper Brown, Lauds 401; Hugh A GoodBritain has been Mormonism will Quartet, British Franklin 403; Gates, Y. and Jr.,

in the preached United Kingdom? of the European Presidents Mission Photos, Century, 407;

Church Moves On, 434; European and British Mission HeadPage 424

quarters of the Century, Photos, 445; Priesthood: MelWhen Buckingham Palace first bechizedek, 446; Aaronic, 448; Ward Teaching, 449; Field came the official residence of the

Photos, 445; Monthly Report of the L. D. S. Stake Missions, Kings and Queens of Europe?

446; Department of Education: At the Crossroads, Alva - Page 426

Fitzgerald, 450; Tables: Number of British Missionaries by *

Years, 457; British Mission Baptisms by Years, 458; British When and under what circumstances

Mission Emigration by Years, 460; Elijah Expected, E. Cecil Western Canada was settled by the

McGavin, 453. Mormonis?: Page 428 Who "discovered"America?. Page 430

Q>pectal QJeatures.—

What favorite Latterday Saint George Bernard Shaw Speaks... Selected by M. C. J. 413 hymn was written in Stratfordon-

Avon? Page 436...Selected Dickens Goes to Meet the Mormons by M. C. J. 418 of The Coronation George Cannon VI Ramona W. many 424 How missionaries have gone

A Century in Buckingham Palace Elsie C. Carroll 426 to Great Britain during the cen457 Page 430 America's Birthplace G* Durham Homer tury?———- London Joseph Cannon J. many have Church members 440 How

Making Friends with Fleet Street Eargle C. Harmsen 442 emigrated from Great Britain durthe Homing, Exploring 438; Franklin Universe, Harris, S. Jr., * ing the century?. Page 460 439; Rack, 444; Girl at the Book CoronaOn the An Indian

tion, Rojanea Jacobs, 457; Index to Advertisers, 455; Your How many baptisms there have been

Page and Ours, 464. in the British Mission during the

century? Page 458

ibattonals EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

The British Mission John A. Widtsoe 432 50 North MainOFFICES:Street, Salt Lake From Immigrant Mothers Marba C. Josephson 432 City, Utah

Copyright 1937. by the Young Men's Mutual

of Jesus Christ Church Saints. of Latterday

rightsQjiction, iroetru, (crossword Uuzzte AllImprovement Association Corporation of the reserved. Subscription price,

a year, in advance; Single Copy. 20c The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R. Lyman 414 $2.00 at Entered Office, the Post Salt

secondclass Utah, as matter. Acceptance

at Mary, Maid in Waiting to a Queen Georgia Eberling 427 mailing Lake City, special rate of postage provided in for section Story....Myrtle 1103, Short Short 441 of Act 1917, October, Wentworth Compensation—A for authorized 2, 1918. July Frontispiece, Poetry 404; Page, 435; "In Green,"a Mist of

is Improvement The responsible not Era Scriptural Sol Ein, 438; Puzzle, 459. Crossword for unsolicited manuscripts, but conwelcomes

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.cJhe Clover tributions. All manuscripts must be accompanied

"DigU time—hasBen, HousestickedofawayParliament,the relentlessLondon—onepassing ofof yearsthe world'sand decadesgreatestwhilesymbolsgeneraof A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

missionaries the sounded havetions of Mormon voice of testimony in the United MEMBER OF THE FAMILYKingdom. (Photograph Inc.) Photos, World by Wide

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

young men for their splendid presentation.

The members of this quartet are

Crafton Call, Albert Geigle, Neldon

Jones, and Ladd Cropper. They

were trained and supervised by CHOOSE WISELY "Micky"Hart of the Chicago Music

College, formerly of Logan, Utah.

quartet Capella This was organ- A LEFT TOP, CHOOSE CAREFULLY ELDERS ALBERTTO RIGHT: their ized and work planned by W. GEIGLE, CRAFTON

CALL, A. NELDON Bryant S. Hinckley, President of the

K. LADD JONES, AND States Mission, Northern with the CROPPER. LOWEiR

FRANKELDER LEFT: of presenting to the people of CHOOSE... hope

LIN Y. GATES, JR. this mission the Gospel through the

medium of song.

These four young men have sung CranEquipment to more than twenty thousand people in civic, social, and service clubs in the larger cities within the North- A MISSIONARY ern States Mission. In addition to

their engagements before visual Three factors should influence your audiences in the past four months choice of plumbing fixtures for inGOODWILL they have given sixtyfive radio stitutions: value, durability, econbroadcasts.

offers you all QUARTET Another highlight of their tour omy. CranEquipment

was an invitation from W. W. three of these advantages—in fullTHEY COVER THE Robb, director of the Artists'Bureau est measure. For generations, the

the on largest sustaining proNORTHERN STATES artistsfrom N. B. C, to appear as guest name Crane has stood for high quality in plumbing fixtures at every the network. gram on Their songs

were released over sixtyfour radio price level. And Crane gives you

By FRANKLIN Y.GATES, JR. stations throughout the country and extra features—special advantages

they had a listening audience of over of design which insure safety by

Tn 1846, under the edict of the govfourbroadcastmillionSecretarypeople. ofOnState,the sameCorpromoting complete sanitation.

Saints were ernor, Latterday the line dell a complete manufactures Hull, Crane Secretary of Agriculand

Illinois. of State thedriven from ture, guest Wallace, Henry A. were use. institutional for products of later four yearsNinetyone Mormon speakers.

that line, from within present Purchase of the guestsElders were quartet This over heard was also governor, Henry Horner. The the studios of the largest station in and you'll be sure of maximum

incidents upongovernor commented a short on wave satisfaction and minimum upkeep. the world, WLW, in his Historyof Mormon state. broadcast heard around that was

With deep appreciation he accepted the entire world, and in the famous tidings Elders of these andthe good Indianof World War Memorial associatedin of presence news the apolis, Indiana. the They were

reporters he asked that the Mormon group of singers ever to appearfirstin regards his kindest acceptpeople the of that auditorium famous El friendly for this iCRAN OFFICES: heartfelt thanks CO., GENERALand CRANE "shrine."

ILL, S. CHICAGO, AVENUE, 836 MICHIGAN radio agesture. evening That letters of acknowledgment Many CITY, UTAH LAKE S SALT W. 307 SECOND govto the dedicatedbroadcast was in Hundred Sales One Offices and Branches expressions of and rethanks were

Cities Sixty conclusionernor; at personhe the and

all ceived from over groups and men PIPE, FITTINGS, FABRICATED VALVES,ally called the thanked and four these sixmid-western States. Word MATERIAL HEATING PLUMBING PUMPS, AND

was received from Heny Ford and

Governor Davey of Ohio.

of the twenty Out thousand peoBE INDEPENDENT that the quartet before, appeared of ple Vocation Other So Profitable! No WONDERS thirtyfive of percent that number ENROLL NOW privilege the of had hearing the The GosCourse at the For a Complete UNIVERSE

By ORSON PRATT pel and the beliefs of the "Mormon"* * * * people explained to them. of Culture Beauty Quish School inspiring rare from compiled book An the (Throughout tour of this in The Best the West this oi early leader manuscripts Church

and writer. quartet, the author of this article has 804-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

CITY, LAKE as the representative of the SALT UTAH illustrations acted 350 pages—7 group. Information, Further For $2.00

In Utah add 2% sales tax andWasatchCatalog7560Calloi

Deseret Book Co. Fill Couponin This 44 East South Temple—Salt Lake City, Ut. %

dAjl HEREFORE, my beloved brethren,

I know that if ye shall follow theIII

Son, with full purpose of heart, acting no hypocrisy and no deception before

God, but with real intent, repenting of your

sins, witnessing unto the Father that ye are

willing to take upon you the name of Christ, by

baptism—yea, by following your Lord and your

Savior down into the water, according to His

word, behold, then shall ye receive the Holy

Ghost; yea, then cometh the baptism of fire

and of the Holy Ghost; and then can ye

speak with the tongue of angels, and shout praises unto the Holy One of Israel.

—Book of Mormon, II Nephi: 31, 13

J HE River Ribble, Preston, Lancashire,

England, near where the first baptisms of his dispensation were performed in Europe.

n"The EDITDH5 PHGE GREETINGS ACROSS THE SEA By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

And I said: "All right, multiply nearly, if not quite, two thousand,

it by two, and don't say anything Heber C. Kimball nearly as many,

about it to me."And he did. and others did wonderful work. The

In all my labors I got nearer to field was ripe, ready to harvest.

the Lord and had more joy in the George Q. Cannon, as I recall, bapPRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT mission field than ever before or tized over two thousand in the

since, and the joy I experienced in Hawaiian Islands on his first mission the mission field was superior to any there. But today is a day of glean-

I have experienced elsewhere. For ing.

AS ticipatewe departin thefor Europecentennialto parob- yearsthreeprivilegeyearsof itsto history,outdirectof thetheit wasaffairsone myhundredofgreatthe M([OREtysixthan thousandone hundredpeopleand twenhave servance of the oldest overBritish Mission. Despite much opentered the waters of baptism in the

seas mission of the Church, there position we made many friends and British Isles during the century, crowd back upon me many memories saw the Lord bless our labors abunnearly half of whom have emigrated.

of an eventful three years spent in dantly, and we had cause to rejoice Nearly six thousand missionaries

Great Britain and Europe from 1 903 and to render thanksgiving to our have been sent by the Church ta %o 1906. Only twice in my life have Father in Heaven. Great Britain. And these converts

Jl prayed to the Lord to be appointed The Elders in the British Mission and emigrants and missionaries haveto a position, and one of those times multiplied the distribution of tracts interchanged skills in the arts and:

was when I was presiding over the something more than 200%. I placed crafts and in the professions—have

Japanese Mission. Feeling that I one order for two tons of Charles interchanged thought and culturewas not accomplishing anything, I W, Penrose's Rays of Living Light, and truth and eternal principles.

went out into the woods and got and they were all distributed, toThey have sealed their service to down on my knees, and told the gether with all that our own press each other with friendship, with conLord that whenever He was through was printing, in about six months. viction of truth, with testimonies of

with me there, where I was accomWe distributed nothing but his the Gospel and with fellowship in plishing nothing, I would be very tracts during the last nine months of the Church of Jesus Christ. And

glad and thankful if He would call my presidency there. Had I known out of it all have come a loyal Church

me home and send me to Europe to that he was to succeed me I could membership in Great Britain and a preside over the European missions. not have advertised him better. In mighty posterity in America who

A few days after that a cable armany places he had an audience of cherish their British lineage and herrived: "Come home on the first two or three hundred, where I had itage second only to the Gospel of

boat."only thirty or forty. Brother FranJesus Christ.

President Joseph F. Smith said to cis M. Lyman, who preceded me, For the Church of Jesus Christ of

me: "Heber, I realize you have had prepared the ground, I sowed the Latterday Saints the century under

very little success in Japan. We seed, and Brother Penrose reapthe sovereigns of the British Empire

sent you there for three years, and ed the harvest. To me the small has been a century of mighty accom-

I want you to put in the other year number of converts today in complishment. That the Lord our Heavin Great Britain if you are willing."parison with the number who were enly Father may greatly bless this

I said: "I am perfectly willing."converted by the early missionaries nation and all its righteous people is

Later I went in to bid him goodis a great testimony of the revelamy most earnest and sincere prayer bye and said: "I will see you in a tions given before and immediately for the land that has harbored for

little over a year."after the Church was organized, that one hundred years the oldest overHe replied: "Oh no, I have de- "the field was ripe, already to harseas mission of the latterday

cided to make it a year and a half."vest,"Wilford Woodruff baptized Church of Jesus Christ.

09y*00

REFLECTIONS ON

ONE HUNDRED YEARS IN GREAT BRITAIN

were great and daring By pecting the President of the ChurchThose characters who responded first and former President of the EuDR. to Grant, RICHARD Mission, ropean Heber J. flying call angel the that of to speak. stand and saying ofin R. the midst Heaven LYMAN this Centennial during while And and voice,..God,. "Fearwith loud a President to celebration expect honor do of the we of the for to hour him; glorygive Mission to of events the the European people the and

his judgment is come."(Revelation past, nevertheless, we should bear in

14:6-7). mind also that our Heavenly Father

When in these modern times the is with us yet. Conditions throughcall of the Savior was again soundout the European Mission are most

world, and all theed, ye into "Go are encouraging. New methods creato every the Gospelpreach being rapidly devised and develvaliant seventure"16:15), (Mark oped for preaching the Gospel.

full of hearts withmissionaries courage and determination, with '"Phe readers of the Era will be souls aflame with zeal, crossed the gratified to know that the work mighty Atlantic one hundred years of the Primary Association and of ago this month and in England bethe Mutuals, which are now so gan the delivery of the Gospel mesclosely correlated, is an outstanding sage in this great eastern hemifactor in drawing attention to the sphere. beauty and glory and grandeur of

The struggle to deliver this mesthe Gospel.

sage has been real, vigorous, and In the mail recently has come thrilling. It is the story of lives that a letter from Johanna Faurie, Miswere courageous, of convictions that sion Primary Supervisor of the farwere positive, of action without the away South African Mission, stating

slightest element of fear. At times, that since August, 1932, she has orthe opposition has been tremendous, ganized fourteen Primaries, twelve

and into this great contest came of which are in existence today.

those seven daring ones—seven deShe did much of this work before

termined messengers of the Gospel she was a member of the Church.

of Jesus Christ, who walked into This sister writes that a fine bond the streets of Liverpool with but one of friendship exists between her, as approachable Friend, and to that DR. RICHARD R. LYMAN Mission Supervisor of Primary

one Friend, our allwise and everwork, and the mothers of the chilpresent Heavenly Father, these were led into the waters of baptism dren. A picture she sent of a Prifaithful brethren turned. July 30, 1837, just ten days after mary celebration shows thirtyfive

As we see conditions at the end the Elders first reached Liverpool. children present, thirty of whom

of a hundred years, all will agree But I want no word of mine to were nonmembers of the Church.

that their appeals were heard, their detract in the slightest degree from The program was followed by a prayers answered. During these the commendation to which those lantern lecture with which were

years more than 126,000 converts valiant ones are entitled. For them presented and emphasized the docfrom the British Isles alone have acto get nine into the waters of baptrines of the Church and interesting

cepted the Gospel, nearly half of tism at the end of their first ten days features of Church history. The

whom have journeyed across the of labor is an accomplishment so program by the children brought mighty deep, and ascended to the outstanding that, in it, all will agree, ninety people out who heard the tops of the everlasting Rockies I think, we must acknowledge the lecture.

where they have been important hand of Divine Providence. One unusually charming young

factors in building up a mighty emThe performing of baptisms in the woman, whose father and mother pire, in establishing there the headopen, out of doors, was an experiand five brothers and sisters are not quarters of the Church. Imagine, ence so novel to the people of Engmembers of the Church, was asked

if you can, a more remarkable anland that out of interest or curiosity what it was that first awakened her swer than this to the earnest appeal it is said that a concourse of between interest in Church work. She reof those pioneer missionaries. Only seven and nine thousand persons plied: "It was an invitation to go

the help and power of God could assembled on the banks of the river with some friends of mine to a Gold have made possible this outstanding at Preston to witness that first cereand Green Ball. Fine young peoaccomplishment. mony. On that sacred spot at the ple, no smoking, no drinking, conCompare that great number, that end of one hundred years and on duct of the very highest order!

mighty band, with the first nine who that very day, July 30th, we are ex- (Concluded on page 454)

BRITISH AND EUROPEAN MISSION PRESIDENTS (1S371S64) BRITISH AND EUROPEAN MISSION PRESIDENTS (18641906)

Left to right, first row: Hebef C. Kimball, Joseph Fielding, Brigham Young, Left to right, first row: Daniel H. Wells, Brigham Young, Jr., Franklin D.

Parley P. Pratt, Thomas Ward. Second row: Reuben Hedlock, Wilford Woodruff, Richards (fourth term), Albert Carrington, Horace S. Eldredge. Second row: Albert

Orson Hyde, Franklin D. Richards, Orson Spencer. Third row: Orson Pratt, Franklin Carrington (second term), Joseph F. Smith, Albert Carrington (third term), Joseph

D. Richards (second term), Samuel W. Richards, Franklin D. Richards (third term), F. Smith (second term), William Budge. Third row: Albert Carrington (fourth term),

Orson Pratt (second term). Fourth row: Samuel W. Richards (second term), Asa John Henry Smith, Daniel H. Wells (second term), George Teasdale, Brigham Young, Jr.

Calkins, Amasa M. Lyman, Charles C. Rich, George Q. Cannon. (second term). Fourth row: Anthon H. Lund, Rulon S. Wells, Platte D. Lyman,

Francis M. Lyman, Heber J. Grant.

British and european fcfatJfcfe mission presidents of the century

BRITISH AND EUROPEAN MISSION PRESIDENTS (19061937)

Left to right, first row; Charles W. Penrose, Rudger Clawson, Hyrum M. Smith,

George F. Richards, George Albert Smith. Second row: Orson F. Whitney, David 0.

McKay, James E. Talmage, John A. Widtsoe, A. William Lund (British Mission only).

Third row: James H. Douglas (British Mission only), Joseph F. Merrill (European

Mission only), Joseph J. Cannon (British Mission only), Richard R. Lyman (European

Mission only), Hugh B. Brown (British Mission only—appointment announced May 1,

1937).

Note: There have also been seven temporary British and European Mission presidents. (See page 453 for specific dates.)

WHERE

MAN MUST BE MASTER By ALBERT E. BOWEN

Of the Council of the Twelve

Jn the realm of his own eternal soul he

MUST AT LEAST HAVE AS MUCH MASTERY AS HE

HAS ACHIEVED IN THE MATERIAL WORLD ABOUT

HIM.

is now many years since I stood stimulus of calculated forces they thoughts, orders, commands, enall of the parts to of treaties act men to relied upon be always couldIT hillside, a on one Swiss day in that all parts were land. These in given a way.

lake. large overlooking a Bebut social no mechanism, qreat I i 1 looked plant the power Fromfore immense power an was me all themi projected designer single city, about spread the over downplant far took water from which which forces the by controlled nor the of shores the back from and it in lifted to lakeout top the the and no operated. was There were they pulsating lake. teeming, There was hill, itof the adjacent where was parts, the unity perfect among fro, life, to of rushing the and men filters into purifyingpassed through of the perfect harmony no hence conself-operative not and each it indistributed tomains the which whole. designer. trolled a detached The by city.habitants of a populous

city the throbbing task of operating in of a the small compass individual of 'T'here part Every the comthe rose multitudinous. There wasplex little that plant of permountains, in the valley mechanism of the seats the schools, churches,

precision, absolute viformed with the unaided and range of my hoswithin the the political government, all the in parts together outline the illustrated with a persion, was bathpitals, the the playgrounds, fection of harmony which produced houses, the mills, and the factories. whole story of human endeavor. It

carefully result.a the race calculated effort of the the story of Thouthere is plains the surrounding on it. Out world, tosands physical of people to the conquer depended upon fruits the Powand the grains. grew

In a sense the security of their very erful locomotives steamed into the learn to live in order and contentlives was entrusted to it. Its failure center of it all, drawing their cargoes ment with itself, and by its own imrise easily in tomight resulted higher disease to ever have provement of the wherewithal humanity and

It planes. disapand pestilence. did not tiny for sustenance, while humanpoint after them. day, and of Day the course been Such has man in glistening the of wire, strands

out sunlight, bore the projected to,throughoutguided bythea ages,compellingever adheredpurposeyear deviation—steadfast,after year, it continued,dependwith-

able.—the purpose of life. Ever since the

By reason of his knowledge of dawning day when he was told to certain physical laws the designer A lbert E. Bowen, recently subdue the earth and have dominion

was able to tell just how each part appointed member of the over it, he has been engaged in a would act under the conditions preQuorum of the Twelve, was struggle for mastery. His accomscribed by him and what the perinvited to the Utah State Agriplishment is startling. His accumuformance of the whole assemblage cultural College, Logan, Utah, lations of knowledge, preserved in

of parts would be, even before the to deliver * the Baccalaureate seats of learning, and passed on first step in fabrication was taken. sermon, June 6, 1937. Herewith successively from generation to genBecause of his mastery of natural is his message to the graduates eration, have put into his hands wellforces the able to supply he was

set requisite to keep that of the Class of '37 who now nighlearnedincalculablehow to liberatepower.energyHelockhas andpower

vast mechanism in motion. He knew leave cloistered halls of learned up in the earth's particles, and to

the qualities and properties and ing to make their way in a capture and command the liberated habits of the materials which went world that has learned much forces and make them do his bidinto the construction. He knew that and has much yet to learn. ding. Through the subjugation and

under given conditions and the direction of them our power plant by

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

the lake side was made to serve a sumed conditions cannot be predemagnitude, and habits of the planets, multitude. When coal was burned termined by a formula. His operahe can duplicate none of them. Howin the furnace of the locomotive we tions are not wholly controlled by an ever much he may know about their

saw steaming over the rails, energy intelligence exterior to himself. He orderliness and the forces and atfrom the sun, stored up in plants himself is an intelligence with the tractions which hold them in their

during bygone ages, was liberated, power of selfdetermination. The places, he cannot organize their like

and was straightway reduced again life's course of each individual is nor put them in their spheres, nor to the servitude of generating the determined by his beliefs. For set in motion the forces that hold

steam which became a new manithem, if they be but firm enough, a them there. As to him all the forces

festation of force, propelling the man will endure suffering, privation, he uses are preexistent and awaited engine. hardship, contumely, the sneers of only his discovery of them. So far

is his trying of but to relates as most he devotes them world. the He forces have tremendous These of are by to learn they what business and to the making energies what of the dominance underbecome,

it. his to serve life they be saving his made means He may secure,—to slaves under servile as were asman, directs provide to toils controls them ends. the to body, and maintain He master. Almost task of the lashthe

it, clothit understanding his with nourish to for purposes by with food the of may, poorest us bythe now, it, his to uses houses protect with conforming to ing and and them at set to switch, a of workturning it. sacrifice will nature. their shelter But, Our unchangeable he to vastly energies tasks menialour preis life to never this been plant made at pains such had he power comfortproviding dutiful andmore it if of beliefs. these bedesigner his had the for to operate serve For

all driven ever slaves the bythan tried to if liefs, ignorantly great enough, issue or stubbornly the be hisof potentatesthe powerful most in directed sincere belief he enough, forces his the work he and make tory. eternal to die. peace the fight Issues contrary of will a manner and

But mastery of physical forces is and war, of life and death, hang on laws of their being. He had to

only part of man's task. He has also beliefs. There have always been know what those laws were. To

to learn ultimately to live happily things without which he has thought be master he had first to be servant.

with and among his fellows, seemlife would be of no value. For them He had to obey the laws which the

ingly an incomparably more difficult he will lay it down. forces he directed obeyed. When

thing to accomplish. Mastery of As beliefs differ, actions diverge. he did so he could give the forces

forces been possible hasphysical to them new direction—set constant arebecause they obey would be sure they and orItturmoil,resultsconfusion,that in humanconflictaffairsof willsare newuses, and

derly in their behavior. Under given with consequent frustrations and his will. By long and painful proconditions they can be relied upon oftentimes disorder. Unlike the cesses he has attained his present

to act in a known and calculable planets which, obedient to the forces state of mastery. His dominion will

way. which hold them in their spheres, reapproach completeness as his knowl-

"To an astronomer,"says Moulvolve one about another, each in its edge of universal law approaches ton, "the most remarkable thing prescribed orbit in perfect orderperfection.

about that part of the physical uniliness, human organizations, pulled verse with which he has become acout of their designed courses on Tn matters of human organization, quainted is not its vast extent in cross currents loosed by conflicting on the other hand, man has asspace, nor the number and great beliefs, wills, and emotions, come insumed the role of lawmaker and masses of its stars, nor the violent to violent collision, and plans for hulaw-giver, the director of his own forces that operate in the stars, nor man governance are wrecked by the welfare and the charter of his own the long periods of astronomical way. course. He has gone far. When it

time, but that which holds him aweNatural forces with which man is considered that the materials with struck is the perfect orderliness of deals were not made nor evolved by which he works are selfdirecting the universe and the majestic suchim. Wonderful as his discoveries

that, are, after all, he has he knows CLASS OF PROCESSION OF GRADUATES, THE ofcession phenomena. the heavenly

'37 U. LOGAN. TEMPLE S. A. C, LOGAN THE nothing. created he However much satellites tiny in the solar From the IN CENTER HILL THE ON IS VISIBLE THE

system to the globular clusters, the may know about the composition, BACKGROUND.

galaxy, and exterior galaxies there is no chaos, there is nothing haphazard, and there is nothing capricious. The orderliness of the universe is the supreme discovery in

science..."

We have already said that the designer of our power plant was able to build it and set it in operation because he knew in advance that the forces he applied would obey a universal governing law.

"VTot so with the city, an organization comprising human units.

There is in man that which makes him responsive to impulses implicit in himself. His behavior under asTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

intelligences, his accomplishment en one side of the hall of the Diet excites our wonder. When it is conat Worms, facing, on the other side,

sidered how far the accomplishment the emperor and all the princes of is from a completely integrated, orGermany and all the dignitaries, dered and harmoniously functioning spiritual and temporal, assembled whole, we catch a glimpse of the there. To the demand that he remagnitude of the unfinished task. cant his teachings, for two hours he

It was but a brief span ago that the gave answer, closing with these earth was thought to be a flat plane. resolute words:

Bold sailors pushed out across the "Confute me by proofs of scripture, or unknown waters and brought back else by plain just arguments; I cannot re-

a new body of knowledge which alcant otherwise. For it is neither safe nor

tered the manner of man's thinking. prudent to do aught against conscience.

By methods of measurement and Here stand I; I can do no other; God help

computation which he devised he me."

took the circumference of the earth; Spiritual freedom was there rehe determined its mass and density born. Carlyle says that "the spirand learned astonishing things about itual is the beginning of the temits composition and properties. poral". Conformable to this proHunger for knowledge impelled found truth, when the spirit was

him to project his inquiries through freed there came an undeniable despace to the planetary systems bemand for political freedom. The

yond, and wrestle with them for the great American struggle for the secrets they hold. establishment of political liberty,

Through instruments of his own as is true also of the French making he learned to magnify and ALBERT E. BOWEN Revolution which followed, and the

project his vision. He learned of English which had preceded it, was

other planets out in space vaster by nothing is chaotic, haphazard, or but the temporal showing forth of far than "the one on which he stood. capricious, man, the conqueror of it, the basically same struggle for spirHe learned of other suns than the is alone left without the prescription itual disenthrallment which had alone which gave him light and of an eternal principle by obedience ready been carrying on since Luther

warmth by day. He has discovered to which, he too may, as he prohurled defiance at the gates of Witgreat clusters of them way out begresses in knowledge of it, grow into tenburg.

yond our own galaxy, and his mind realization of his aspiration for an When the Colonies had so far envisions others still out beyond ordered tranquility. What, and embarked on their struggle that

these, till it is staggered by the conwhere is to be found this principle? armed conflict loomed into view, retemplation of a boundless, limitless From the teachings of experience we cession was urged under the plea

universe. Everywhere he sees order know that his purest joy comes from of obvious inequalities, and forereigning supreme. the unfoldment and expansion of all bodings of suffering and disaster.

their his powers, for the not destrucspeaking from Samuel Adams, these making While excurgrand tion. of true in the heart happiness every man whom sions to out the infinity of borders

still spirit lives, his of and anmanhood ofjoy—is inand his massing the hands wondestiny, in selfdirec- of contentment—pureIf thenthe attainment the flaming these power words: swereddrous resulting powers the from implicit tion in not must be anhim

in "I he, "persisting said advise,"shouldknowledge has he gathered along nulled.

it liberty, struggle for though our wasthe way, learned what has he about that revealed nine from hundred heaven lie in the crushnot does The way the law being? he of his own As perish, to only were and one wills ing of the the ninetynine whence come has conquered, subdued, and and to retain of a thousand survive and

made servant of the magnificent destructive conflicts so often seemliberty. One such freeman must possesshis

forces in the physical world only by ing to frustrate his well conceived more virtue and enjoy more happiness than slaves; a thousand propagate let him and purposes, nor in the deadeningknowing and conforming to the law transmit like, and to them he hath what blight of artificially exhis imposedof their being, so he can mould and preserved."so nobly

shape and fashion the intelligences trinsic controls. One of the surest

constituting the race of men into the lessons of history is that these can- C"1od has not yet endowed any orderly kingdom of the heart's denot succeed. It is toi be sought man, or set of men, with the omsire only by knowing and obeying rather in selfdirection companioned niscience necessary to enable him,

the laws of their being. That, the by selfcontrol, a control proceedor them, to prescribe for the daily

lawgivers must come to know. ing from within, a control to which routine of individual endeavor.

the spirit of man yields free and Neither has He ever conferred such

Curely it is not too much to think willing assent. This is the true esdominion. At the dawning of morthat for man, too, there is a unisence of religion. Order is the protal life man was given the right to

versal law which, if discovered and duct of intelligence. It does not "subdue the earth, and have doapplied, would bring quiet out of turproceed forth from coercion, or igminion over it". He has never yet

moil, union out of divergencies, ornorance, or chance. It follows where been given the right of dominion

der out of confusion, accomplishthe effulgence of light leads. over his fellows.

ment out of frustration and peace Four centuries ago it was needed I am not so visionary or impracout of strife. It is not reasonable to that the right of men spiritually to tical as to suggest that in the present

postulate that, standing in the midst the freedom of their own conscience state of human progress compulof this earth of ours, an orderly be restored. In that hour of need sions may be cast away. Far from

planet in a universe of order, where a humble, modest man stood alone it. There must be restraints upon

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

individuals and even upon masses, was unshackled at Worms. Salvaproof of their soulsatisfying effitogether with physical power of ention was for him that believed. We cacy lies in the fact that the appliforcement. Places of confinement read nothing of compulsion.. cation of these precepts to life has

there must be, too, no doubt, all to always brought the greatest happiwills—theythe end that whothe fewhaveof notundisciplinedtasted the "pROMGodthethereuniversalinevitablyFatherhoodflowed theof ness,that mortalsthe highesthaveexaltationknown. of Theyspirit

joy of losing their own lives that universal brotherhood of man. It is open the door to unalloyed joy.

they might save them—may not a unifying, fusing power of tremenSuch is human experience.

frustrate the good desires of the dous force. "If a man... loveth I stood one day in the presence

many. We are speaking here of not his brother whom he hath seen, of an old man. I had heard him

ultimates. Conceding and acknowlhow can he love God whom he hath utter a prayer that came out of the

edging, however, the practical needs not seen."depths of him, a thanksgiving

of the present, it still remains that "And thou shalt love the Lord thy worthy of a David. I remarked to

laws cannot much outrun the willGod with all thy heart, and with all him about the trouble he had given ingness of men to obey them. Enact thy soul, and with all thy mind, and himself to be at the place he was.

a law to which the great mass of with all thy strength: this is the Said he: "The night was never too

the people do not yield their assent first commandment. dark nor the way too long for me to

and it will rapidly fall into disuse "And the second is like, namely go in the service of the Lord". There

in any place where liberty reigns. this, thou shalt love thy neighbor he stood before me, small of stature,

This is the indubitable teaching of as thyself. There is none other bent in frame, hands hard as boards

human experience. commandment greater than these."from the toil they had known,

After all, here and now, it is the Jesus taught also the coming of roughly clad but clean. It could be

desire and capacity of the individual the Kingdom of Heaven. It was the seen that he had not known much

to govern himself from within which great theme of His message. Necesof the luxury of life. But his face

constitutes the real strength and the sarily it includes the preparation of was suffused with a joyous light;

only safety of the state. Wanting men for citizenship in that Kingdom, the heart of him sang praises. In

this, the whole legalistic structures a place where they must live toall the world there was not that day raised by men may come clattering gether in order. Aspiration towards a happier man than he, standing in

down in ruin about them. Laws are God and unfeigned love of fellow the evening of a life of unselfish conpiled on laws reaching down into men were the conditions. Powerful secration to service, listening sereneand governing, or trying to govern, and challenging doctrines, these. ly to the whisperings of an inner

every aspect of life, while lawlessThey demand a new birth, a birth of peace.

ness of threatening import is growthe spirit, a thorough purging and And, behold, the Lord passed by, and ing more rampant all the time. If cleansing, a regeneration, a tearing a great and strong wind rent the mountains, in bethe pieces rocks brake and citizens capable cannot producewe root. selfishness, branch of out and

fore the the after an Lord; wind. andof withthemselves governing from life will his save whosoever "For the in earthquake; not but. the. Lord was

in, shall citizens not have capable we will lose shall lose earthquake. it; but whosoever

of being governed from without. his life for my sake the same shall And after the earthquake a fire; but the

not was in the fire; and after the fire trouble attempt lies in theThe to save it."Lord

small voice. a still artificially legissubstitute imposed

life, of the are the law law These inlative training controls for those gentleladies and young Young universal great being, the of man's faiths idealsconvictions, the of and is It belief chiefthat the men: my principle be obeyed which by must religionChristian a teach which man is in est the trouble today world governthe governing and riseto restraints legal poor all—the above

it is sick; that that spiritually men, the follower, ed, the leader the and to himself within. govern fromand places, in those beeven high have in if subject, order the lawgiver and

While casting about for the unihuman relations is to come. The come rank hedonists, denying to

versal principle by which human religion and morality all saving organization, too, can be made steadpower, denying, too, the existence fast, let us see what is to be learned of fixed principles by strict adherfrom the Man of Galilee. He came ence to which alone the orderly prointo an idolatrous world declaring gress of humanity may be achieved,

the universal Fatherhood of God, a and setting up in their stead the oprevolutionary doctrine. True, the portunism suggested by the ephemHebrew race had come out of the eral exigencies of the hour. May I

idolatry which overtook it in Egypt, suggest to you that in this way there and had clung for centuries to the is neither stability nor hope nor worship of Jehovah. But the Hepromise. The greatest contribution

brew had not given Him the kind of you can make to mankind in your universality taught by Jesus. He day will be to help bring about his

broke over the barriers of exclusivemoral and spiritual regeneration, ness and offered the mercies of the that in the realm of his own eternal

God of Israel freely to all men. "Go soul he may at least have as much

ye into all the world and preach the mastery as he has achieved in the gospel to every creature"was the material world about him. In your

commission He gave His disciples. pursuit I commend to your respect-

A new spiritual force was loosed in ful attention the whisperings of the the world, the same one which again "still small voice".

CENTENNIAL

GREETINGS By JOSEPH J. CANNON

President of the British Mission

ThelatterdayCentennialadventcelebrationof the ofGosthe threehis heartcontinents.will be turnedTime toafterthe timeAlmighty in supplication for the people.

pel to the British Isles and the As holder of the Keys of the High eastern at this hemisphere cannot the will implore Lord Priesthood he writing be outlined with exactness.

it to bless this guide land, to potent

President Grant, guest Heber J. it its bulof in destiny, to great a make

visithonor, is anticipated with whose oppresviolence against and wark it joy, find to alter necessary may of sion, the those to minds open who the program.

receive the to dwell here message

On Tuesday, July 20th, in Livereternal truth. of

pool, the onehundredth anniversary Blessing and divine guidance this the arrivalof of Kimball C. Heber sorely needs. country JOSEPH J. CANNON his six in city,and that companions ago, Presof century a A third like should the President to havewe here. to minister ident Grant came

of the Church dedicate the recently Britain had just concluded the Boer While the totalitarian states are acquired building at 301 Edge Lane. war. Since then the nation has been taking vast measures to make their

During the following ten days, in arms again in titanic struggle. people physically superior, British

also will the President hopewe their that military have men warned with speed it is arming ominous dediNow atcate the chapels Burnley, new country's rated be manhood may for knows. what? Only GodBradford, Tydfil, Clissold Merthyr condition only as C-3, indeed. a low protective the the moat, Beyond

Road, London, Nightingale Lane, English Channel, the continent Yet smoking among men and womis increasing. No serious publicLondon, and Rochdale. seethes with change. The ancient inen

On Friday, July 30th, on the bank stitutions of this country are threatsentiment battles against the growtheof at Preston, River Ribble of alcohol. ing use mighty The the we ened. the present, where Up to serviceplan a of song, is prayer, and driving advertising of uppower too great, constrain has become

rejoicing at the spot where nine souls servatism has yielded and in some ward the figures of both evils alarmwere baptized just one hundred cities men live in houses, ride trams, ingly.

years before. burn gas, and use power, telephones, President Grant will note the deSaturday, Sunday, and Monday, telegraph, and radio, owned and crease in religious interest. The

July 31 -August 2nd, the concluding operated by government. But there country's churches are often nearly

services of the Centennial will be are signs of disturbing social and empty. Sabbath observance has

held in the beautiful town hall of economic forces working among the lessened, and youth on Sunday -Rochdale, a few miles from Preston. masses, threatening violence and the morning is awheel. Reading and

These occasions, with others not loss of British democracy. knowledge of the Scriptures has deyet completely arranged, will give creased.

foropportunity to hear thousands Britain, the great the good, and HALL, PRESTON, ROCHDALE TOWN NEARthe Presitestimony of our revered MISSION BRITISH CENTENNIAL WHERE CELEcivilizer, carrier justice the of and HELD, BE BRATION WILL JULY 31AUGUST fearlessdent voice that has and his 1, rights 1937. far to the corners human

sounded the message of salvation on Photograph, Courtesy Rochdale Observer. the earth; Britain, where the meaningof

of honesty and dependability does not vary; Britain, the mother of arts

and industry; this Britain, where our

fathers were nurtured, needs the prayers and the blessings of one who holds the sacred right to bind on earth and have it bound in heaven

What public notice may be given

President Heber J. Grant we do not

know, but his coming, his testimony and his prayers, at the beginning of a new century of Gospel ministry, will be heard by the Ruler of Nations and bring blessing to the land where so many have accepted the truth and where multitudes of honest souls still dwell in ignorance of its precious worth.

GEORGE BERNARD SHAW SPEAKS In his address on "The Future of mortal in history as an American

Political Science in America,"Moses by leading his people through

George Bernard Shaw said: the wilderness into an unpromised

uycou know, if you study Amerlandcity onwherepolygamy.they founded a great

the old hisican history—not all "Now nothing can be more idle, almost books; for tory

American histories until very lately, nothing more frivolous, than to imwere mere dustbins of the most agine that this polygamy had anylicentious- thing to personal with do vulgar mendacious journalism—but If Smith proposed had Joseph of America, you will ness. the real history

Saints the Latterday that they the real to it, because of be ashamed lives, live licentious should they is shameful. of all history mankind would have rushed on him and probBut there is hope in bits of it. I

wonder how many of you have ever ably anticipated the pious neighbors studied the history of the Latterday who presently shot him. The sigSaints: one of the most extraordinary nificant point in the case was that

episodes in the white settlement of the reason he gave them was a purely the world. You should do so; for it political reason. He said 'Unless multiply our are numbers, we we doing something Americans shows

lost; multiply our numand we can astonish would for reasons which

me very much if I saw the same thing bers rapidly only by polygamy.

therefore, prejuour And, whatever being done for the same reasons in GEORGEBY WALTERBERNARDTITTLE,SHAWLONDON,FROM1924.A PAINTING dices, feelings be, whatever our may England.

are the to save of the if we Church "There was a time when the MorLatter-day Saints from annihilation superior the that of its eneby numbers so in number were few mons Bernard Shaw in this State, mies in take great to very danger they were we must sits of WHENdeignsGeorgeto speak, the world being killed by their pious neighbors up to listen. His pungent humor, polygamy.'

because their views were unpopular. his rapierlike wit, his keen insight

it. That was the But they were themselves a very into humanity's frailties and virtues "And they did

satirist the foremost our him wonderful thing. of make American A body people. brought were pious They satirist time. bean avowed When of Americans capable of were strictest the oldfashioned with up serious, his carusually comes words their changing lives discarding and relations of to the ideas with regard ry twice the weight those spoken of

the sexes and the sanctity of marby an ordinary person. their most deeply rooted ideas for

riage: marriage, of course, being the On April 11, 1933, George Ber- a purely political reason! That

delivered nard an address on Shaw makes laugh. some of you very I am established marriage monogamous Political in Future Science "The of glad. in for the search Whenever west. of the Christian Political to the America"of Academy

I truth nail hit the exactly the on at the Science Metropolitan Opera "Well, their leader went to these House in New York. Fortunately, head, there is always a laugh at first;

pious men and women and said to that address was broadcast and but nothing that I shall say tonight thrilled countless millions to hear 'I to take to them, you want the is significant more that illustrathan lecturer eminent author and was who I all to polygamy. you want men tion his of tour completing the United capacity American of for poas as poshave can wives you many States. litical I really enter-... do wife.'sibly afford of instead one the course that During broadof tain I a think the only am cast, Latterday Saints were many action,hope—I

"Think what a terrific thing that amazed to hear him mention the Morperson in the world who entertains to mons. I that Wishing reproduce people! to to not say such was do it so far; after but preaching tomy

in reference the pages of in particular moving any passage more know night of some begin you to may "The sent Improvement askEra"we literature in Brigthat than which ing entertain for permission the author. from Americans, in it—that after redescribes how, Young ham response came, generous, The modall spite follies of the past, of the

est, the further revealing ceiving appalling order, the greatness he met of a funeral on his way home and found the man. Underlining the request in in spite of your obsolete Uncle

letter, all wrote: he means. Jonathan, in spite of "By your ridiculous sin the himself committing mortal

a of Sendthe Era'copy 'The conof me hundredpercent American, may envying Brigthe dead. yet And it taining if too are to not you busy

ham Young lived to have a very remember. G. Bernard Shaw. yet take the lead in political thought

large number of wives according to 26th May, 1937."and action, and help to save the soul

our ideas... and to become im of the world...."

The OUTLAW of NAVAJO MOUNTAIN

cJhe Story of crosey, JLast

LrahLite vJutlaw

By ALBERT R. LYMAN

Chapter XIV—A New Rival

* x: not prolong OSEY did region in lawless the of Fourcorners, wild and

of handshaking moment together, than half a the glad more Colorado come andTHEwhereSTORYUtah, THUSArizona,FAR:New Mexico,Down

century ago Kit Carson rounded up the Navajos and drove them into Santa Fe, New and embracing old friends, but he

Mexico, to keep them there in the "bullpen"[or three years. While the Navajos were gravitated to the range and looked

their disciplined, broke from handful thus a disaffected away harshlybeing of PahUtes of his possesformer for a remnant in Mountain possession Navajo Navajo took tribe north of and San of the Juan River the same country, He faced the sions. to vacate territory. renegades refused these the PahUte back, Navajos came When

Navajo country and bad blood resulted. Sowagerie (Posey), the central character of this the same problems, the same tempstory, was a child of one of the Pah'Ute renegades. He grew up in a cradle of anarchy. tations. He had the same ubiquiBitseel, a son of the ousted Navajos, was Posey's most bitter enemy. Frequent raiding tous second wife at his elbow telling

travelers, unsuspecting plunderingparties the and killing and of between the two tribes to him always how her great brother that the in PahUte deserters forced complications resultedcattlemen, and ranchers, rejoin their tribe. In the midst of this tense situation in 1879 a colony of Mormons was would do it and how he was ever in

sent down to settle the San Juan country, largely for the purpose of improving relation* disfavor with her brother because ships with the Indians. Thales Haskel was their chief interpreter—a man skilled in Indian he never did it that way.

to each prey upon continueddialect the PahUtes psychology. and Navajos But and exile the release had His from

continued, Bitseel settlement. and Posey between theother feud and The upon Mormon effect his restoring former of magic cowboy one skirmish secret in During warfare. when subtle in gambling and and games

avengers scattered the tribe, the renegade son, Sowagerie, was momentarily separated from health and composure; why should

the tribe with Toorah, little sister of Poke, the PahUte leader. This brief interlude he not pursue the ways of his former

bravely to change that Sowagerie caused the smoldering beginning a romancemarked of simply Posey Old was life? He

hair, and'put braid his clothes, in dress himself to his vainly fine and Posey name to in on again, reacting the same way little relentlessly disapproved by in his interest paint. sister, however, was Thiswar

Poke, who looked upon the "apostate"Posey as "Skunk,"and so referred to him. During the same strings of existence, and

one period of tribal disorganization, Toorah, Posey's beloved, disappeared with her naturally he began to do the verv brothers and all Posey's searching for her were vain. Finally, Posey consulted Thales same things he had done before.

lying, stealing, marauding. quit and his told if he luck improveHaskel and would was on Rangecattle grazed freely had

halfheartedly. suggested the remedy try last resort, didDoubtfully, as a and Posey during reservation LongPoint whereabouts, Toorah's and these his concerning information securedPosey finally vague

two lovers madly dashed to freedom. Their new found freedom together was soon inhis absence. His collection of horses

terrupted, however, when Poke accidentally stumbled upon their hiding place. But had been for the most part reclaimed

he was in trouble and his ugly threatening gave way to surly compromise. Posey now or being left free to go as they

occurred life. playfulness In part recklessly the an act ofentered upon most of his on pleased longer could be found no by his beloved wife greatestthe shooting own tragedy Posey's of his of life—thehappy

Point, before hand. the him the so he had pursuit Toorah's terrible the avenging of byHis sorrow more unbounded was made

brother Poke. But the two met under circumstances which enabled Posey to save Poke's alluring task of rebuilding his old

life, wherefore Posey was relieved of further vengeance on that score by agreeing to pay estate by collecting and adding to disagreeable Poke's to of high agreeing indemnity marry anothera sisters—a herd. the wasted

evil. heckling career another of circumstances begansuperannuated maiden—whichand by experience of the last strange His desperate and settlers Bluff, made fromIn installment a handful of Mormon the June

determined by Posey's ceaseless pillaging, captured Posey in a humiliating manner, put year and a half left persistent him in irons, and brought him before a justice of the peace, where he was bound over to echoes in his mind. The more he

appear at the next session of the district court. By a ruse Posey later escaped and went recalled it, the more strange it

white with first personal experience hisinto exile shaken by Mountain. was at Navajo He disto seemed. he had Somehow,

their and forgiveness asking Bluff, inhabitants justice the of sentman's word to and give for it, to to account pose of it, the to returned and Posey his withdrawn to were chargespledging ways. The mend

community on temporary good behavior. it a sufficient answer of explanation

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937 before he could become his real self far away and laboring slowly communicate with each other again. His prevailing sense of joy through the water. Was that not through this wire.

that it was over, changed to a prestrong proof that he was immune? It looked bad. And then this

vailing sense of wonder that it ever He was immune to everything inmenacing wire was extended on happened, that it ever could happen. cluding the Mormons and their down to Mexican Hat. Such inThen he grew to resent the very dead Haskel, immune to all the comprehensible devices as this might

memory of it, and to resolve by all chance agencies which seemed to enable these people to carry him the PahUte gods of war that it have punished some of his people bodily again from his wickiup. They

should never happen again. for taking a few horses or eating had too, an infernal little machine

He reasoned that if he had been a little beef. with a round little eye on one side,

properly armed they could never In his strange philosophy he built and it could open the eye and prehave accomplished his arrest. And anew the idea of his being immune serve an exact picture of whatever

even if he had been arrested and to ajl the agencies of death, and he it saw. What could that be for but

forced into exile, if he had had a bolstered it with a multitude of to bewitch him? They had suspilong-range gun he could have retrivialities every day from condicious devices for all kinds of work,

turned to Long Point or wherever tions which might have done him and they kept a man busy every day he wanted to go in defiance of the injury but from which he escaped bringing great sacks of "paper talk", ordinary saddlegun carried by the unharmed. He remembered every incomprehensible stuff which could

cowmen. old grudge; he incubated a whole mean nothing good.

it into necessary thought Posey of grudges. new swarm foolish been decided had he He things, vestigate esof these some fences he called what He made still to foolishto submit, and more

pecially that piercing his safety wire little cerbelow around meadows in hiding. long so meeklyremain

Henceforth he would be wise and tain springs, calling the land inside zone to Mexican Hat. What was

keep ready always for trouble. his farm. When range cattle went to hinder that wire from going

farther, clear to possibly Navajo barriers, these as he knew red through the low happened on hadWhat It into might extend the Mountain? that do, they he insisted would Bluff, at in the school househills and

his places every hiding of and one cattle of the him owners pay damagain. nevershould happen

get badly him than more hoodooed trouble, ages. and many He wanted trappers the inquired among He in half hid a year he a and when prevent, his to paid claims of were longrange sheepherders for aand if it exile. see must any had He least delay, the trouble imto at or nearest that thegun, learned and all points, after vulnerable maybe pending. to at Dolores, getplace one was like medicine, PahUte some it was

Colorado. He saved his money and just a bold bluff.

made a special trip to Dolores, JOON after his return He went to the 'phone office in coming back with the delightful arfrom exile, the T model Ford came Blanding and asked to send a mestillery to do the big execution at a sputtering into San Juan, and the sage to one of his friends in Bluff.

distance. What a marvel! What roads began to be made more passHe had his positive doubts about

a winner! He showed it to the able. On White Mesa, only fourthe genuineness of the thing, but if

other PahUtes and even to the teen miles from the Pahlite homes the operator would talk and pretend crackshot, Poke. in Alan Canyon, a new town sprang to receive an answer, he could ride

If there is anything in the world up to be known as Blanding, and to Bluff and see whether any such more sure than anything else to along the improved road from answer were sent. But he would

grip a PahUte's attention, it is a Blanding to Bluff, a strange wire not touch the thing himself, he better gun. The sight of that big was stretched on top of tall poles would keep at a safe distance.

rifle fired all of them to have one set in the ground. It was related That operator really did talk into

just like it, and some of them had that by some kind of magic medicine one part of it and received some the price. With that kind of the people in the two towns could kind of talk from another part of it.

weapon they could stand out in the It looked mighty convincing, so he open and defy the fortyfour calibre framed his message in Pidgeon Engman without any danger. lish. The translation forward and

At first Posey tried to keep his back failed to carry the intended defense program a secret from the idea from one PahUte mind to the settlers, and when they heard it, he other, so the operators asked the made bold to warn them in warlike two Indians to do their own talking.

language just what would happen Posey hesitated, that whiteman arif ever they tried again to accomrangement might bedevil him with plish his arrest. afflictions from which he

Reflecting on the would never recover.

of his exile, strangeness However the telehe forgot Haskel's girl induced specphone him tral face in the mist, he to take it, and he held forgot the devillegions it warily at arm's length.

hovering over the bed, If at that minute a shortthe yellow lizards and circuit had given him a the voices of the wind. shock, he would have

He did remember that leaped with a yell for his the deputy sheriff had Js|| cayuse and bolted with shot at him three times his longrange gun for without hitting him once, Navajo Mountain. But

even though he was not (Continued on page 456) MEN

have always been is very pleasant; you would be much

it. long be see pleased to we may How

it not; but the toWOMENgreat and important factors PREACHED permitted enjoy I know

in pioneering movements. Lord knows best what is best for us. I

little about where feel concerned but the Pilgrim Mothers, Women The staid if I Iuponam, but mind keep can my Plains, the Western of the Great is perfect there this for, in know you WHILE God;

Pioneer women, all made mighty peace. I believe the Lord is overruling all

contributions to the great undertakthings for our good. I suppose our enemies ings to which they, their husbands, WOMEN look upon us with astonishment and disand their other pioneer associates appointment."I greatly desire to see you, and I think have dedicated themselves. WAITED you would be pleased to see our little

The greatness of those men who ones: will you pray for us, that we may

in the train to grace up them way first to carry the deep mighty crossed blessthat be they a go, so should may BY havethey other to the England Gospel and a I have world. the hope ing to us and

equalled countries by was European will sisters also brothers emthat our and AMY BROWN LYMAN fortitude ability, bravery, the and Gospel, the the fulness of and come brace of the women of that day who were Supervising Women's Activities into the new and everlasting covenant; I

will give to in the European Mission their prejudices that trust way them. associated with

truth. gladly of the have I would power heroines who exempliOne of the here, they might though us even with them

fied the undying courage, vision, and have to endure all kind of tribulation and faith of those early days was Mary affliction with us and the rest of the chilFielding Smith, wife of Patriarch dren of God, in these last days, so that they

Hyrum Smith and mother of the late mightkingdom.shareAsin tothemyself,gloriesI ofcanthetrulycelestialsay,

President Joseph F. Smith. Herself that I would not give up the prospect of the

a native Briton, she was the sister of latterday glory for all that glitters in this

Joseph Fielding, one of the seven world. O! my dear brother, I must tell you,

full, is that for comfort, hope your my missionaries ago first who a century it glorious hope; though I have is a and to England. the Gospelbrought left, six months, for near in widowIn andbeen

a letter to him, her brother, written hood, in the time of great affliction, and in 1839, two years after he had left was called to take, joyfully or otherwise, home, she gives a vivid picture of the spoiling of almost all our goods, in the the sacrifices and trials typical of absencejust for ofthemyGospel'shusband,sakeand {forall unlawfully,the judge that day. himself declared, that he was kept in prison

Let her own words tell the story: for no other reason than because he was a

friend to his brother), yet I do not feel

Commerce, Illinois, N. America, June, 1839. the least discouraged: no, though my sister

elders the land, I are in strange here together very dear a and "My Brother,—As

leave shortly to take their rejoice, the in expecting to enabled are been have of warn we native in persecutions, of again us privations to preach the Gospel our and my AMY BROWN LYMAN midst let the I feel land, to not suffer these as though were counted I would worthy that we opportunity of writing you pass by unthings, so that we may, with the ancient improved. I beiieve it will give you pleasattention of such a friend, instead of which, saints who suffered in like manner inherit

ure to hear from us by our own hand; the care of a large family was suddenly and the same glorious reward. If it had not

notwithstanding, you will see the brethren unexpectedly left upon myself, and, in a been for this hope, I should have sunk beface to face, and have an opportunity of few days after, my dear little Joseph F. fore this; but, blessed be the God and Rock

hearing all particulars respecting us and was added to the number. Shortly after of my salvation, here I am, and am perour families, from their mouths. his birth I took a severe cold, which brought fectly satisfied and happy, having not the

"As it respects myself, it is now so long on chills and fever: this, together with the smallest desire to go one step backward.

since I wrote to you, and so many important anxiety of mind I had to endure, threatened "Your last letter to Elder Kimball gave things have transpired, and so great have to bring me to the gates of death. I was us great pleasure: we thank you for your

been my afflictions, etc., that I know not at least four months entirely unable to expression of kindness, and pray God to

where to begin; but I can say, hitherto has take any care either of myself or child; bless you according to your desire for us.

the Lord preserved me, and I am still but the Lord was merciful in so ordering "The more I see of the dealings of our living to praise Him, as I do this day. I things that my dear sister could be with me Heavenly Father with us as a people, the

have, to be sure, been called to drink deep all the time. Her child was five months old more I am constrained to rejoice that I was

of the bitter cup; but you know, my beloved when mine was born; so she had strength ever made acquainted with the everlasting

brother, this makes the sweet the sweeter. given her to nurse them both, so as to have covenant. O may the Lord keep me faith-

I feel at this moment, while reflecting on them do well and grow fast. ful till my change come! I desire that you

the events of the past seven months, so full "You will also have heard of our being would write us, and let us know all parof matter, that I am ready to wish I could driven, as a people, from the state, and ticulars that would be interesting to us.

convey myself into your presence for a from our homes, but you will hear all par- O, my dear brother, why is it that our short time, so that I might communicate ticulars from the Elders, so as to render it friends should stand out against the truth, verbally more than I can possibly do by the not necessary for me to write them; this and look on those that would show it to

pen. happened during my sickness, and I had to them as their enemies? The work here is

"You have, I suppose, heard of the imbe removed more than 200 miles, chiefly prospering much; several men of respectaprisonment of my dear husband, with his on my bed. I suffered much on my journey; bility and intelligence, who have been acbrother Joseph, Elder Rigdon, and others, but in three or four weeks after we got into quainted with all our difficulties, are coming

who were kept from us nearly six months; Illinois, I began to amend, and my health into the work.

and I suppose no one felt the painful effects is now as good as ever it was. It is now "Sister Mercy will also write to you. My

of their confinement more than myself. I little more than a month since the Lord, husband joins me in love to you. I remain,

was left in a way that called for the exercise in his marvelous power, returned my dear my dear brother and sister, your affectionate of all the courage and grace I possessed. husband, with the rest of the brethren, to sister

My husband was taken from me by an their families, in tolerable health. We are "MARY SMITH."armed force, at a time when I needed, in now living in Commerce, on the bank of—Millennial Star, Vol. I, No. 2, June 1840,

a particular manner, the kindest care and the great Mississippi River. The situation Pages 40, 41 and 42.

victoria receivedWhen queen of QUEEN VICTORIA A BOOK MORMON

OFThatall wearthe monarchsthe robesofoftheroyalty,earth,

By She has inherited, by birth,

The broadest wreath of majesty.

LEROI C SNOW From her wide territorial wing,

Of the Church Historian's Office Thelight;sun does not withdraw its

While earth's diurnal motions bring

To other nations, day and night.

All earthly thrones are tottering things, Where lights and shadows intervene;

And regal honor often brings The scaffold or the guillotine.

But still her sceptre is approved;

All nations deck the wreath she

A SIGNATURE OF OF REPRODUCTION wears; VICTORIA QUEEN

Yet, like the youth whom Jesus loved,

One thing is lacking, even there.

But, lo! a prize possessing more

gift. the with pleased to be condescended with honor worth than gems Of of spring 1840 in the of Morthe Book read ever she Whether rife—Early

presenif the twentythen although Lorenzo Snow, is not known, of salvation herald bore mon A her from fade not altogether tation did life. of endless her the words To five age, years of was appointsensational became Mormonism

in England. a missioned to to read a monarch even to provoke gift, fools He memory,enough deride, however That

crossed the ocean in a sailing vessel, the book, if for nothing better than curiIs worthy of her royal care;

September 7 to October 19. After osity; so, not unlikely Queen Victoria read She'd better lay her crown aside

spending ten days in Manchester some portions, at least, of the Book of Than spurn the light reflected with Brigham Young and the othMormon. there.

ers of the Council of the Twelve This unique circumstance called O would she now her influence who had gathered there, he was asforth from the pen of Eliza R. Snow bend

of royalty, The influence until labor to in Birminghamsigned is reproduced the which poem hereMessiah's to extend, Kingdom February, followingthe 1841, when with. Zion's "nursing mother"be: And over to "preside appointedhe was In album a family now treasured

in London."the Church the glory of with her name of Lorenzo Thus, descendants the by

Inscribed lofty spire, Zion's on this the Lord said in time About signature a appears there Snow, She'd of endless a fame, wreath win Smith: toa revelation Joseph also reproduced Victoria, of Queen last other expire. wreaths when To

it circumstance what By I this raised up, herewith. have end you "Unto millions to called over Though but known, there is not now came forth throughthat I might wisdom show my reign

it link with to this been wont of the have earththe things and Gossome weak Herself boast, nation's powerful a shall kingspel to the and be of known made presentation Snow's Lorenzo her everlasting 'Twould be gain earth."of thenations gift to a serve the Queen the Young's of King, Brigham Lord To

The following interesting story and an Empress. Hosts.

of Mormonism and the Queen of For there are crowns and thrones on

England has been compiled from high,

Tullidge's Histories written between Andferred—kingdoms there to be con1877 and 1886: There honors wait that never die

There fame's immortal trump is

Victoria ascended the throne of Great heard.

Britain just three weeks before Heber C.

Kimball, RichHyde, and Willard Orson 'tis echoes—Jehovah's word; inards arrived to preach her realm the TruthLet kings queens and and princesGospel.

hear Before leaving England, President BrigIn distant isles the sound is heard;

in raising had succeeded Young,ham who Ye heavens, rejoice! O earth, give

the to publishmeans gave of Mormon, Book ear!

directions for copies to be specially prefor richlypared presentation and bound time is near at hand to The time—theher the Prince Consort. Majesty and The

birth: period give a glorious To this ofhonor devolved Lorenzo Snow, upon

will take of command, The Son God at that time president the of waswho Lonearth. the of rule nations And conference. thedon presentation made He UNPUBLISHED A HERETOFORE Smith.—Elizathe R, Snowin the 1842, through politeness of Sir Henry OF LOREARLY PHOTOGRAPH

Wheatley, and it is said that her Majesty ENZO SNOW.

THICKENS MENDOUSLYMADE REAL—ANDFICTITIOUS REALCHARACTERSCHARACTERSTREMORE FASCINATING THAN FICTITIOUS—AS YOU

WILL FIND IN Dickens goes to meet the mormons CHARLES DICKENS

nobody is in an illtemper, nobody is the worse for drink, nobody swears an oath or uses a coarse word, nobody appears depressed, nobody is weeping, and down upon the deck in every corner where it is possible to find a few square feet to kneel, crouch, or lie in, people, in every unsuitable attitude for writing, are writing letters.

Now, I have seen emigrant ships before this day in June. And these people are so

strikingly different from all other people in like circumstances whom I have ever seen, that I wonder aloud, "What would a stranger suppose these emigrants to be!"

The vigilant bright face of the weatherbrown captain of the Amazon is at my shoulder, and he says, "What, indeed! The

most of these came aboard yesterday evening. They came from various parts of

England in small parties that had never seen one another before. Yet they had not

been a couple of hours on board, when countless people, both old he referred to and described as Morthey established their own police, made their regulations, set their and own watches Dickens. Charles own Agent mon by and young, Dickens has beTo all at the hatchways. Before o'clock, nine title of the of Chapter The XXII with come the ship a name synonymous as orderly was quiet and as as a Traveller Uncommercial is "Bound manof-war."his creation the throughChristmas of

for Salt Lake."the Great I looked about again, the and me sawinimitable of Scrooge Tiny and Tim that chapter the following letterwriting From going the with curion mostthe Carol, Christmas Almost ous composure. Perfectly in abstracted the is excerpt taken:equally stohis wellknown among.. midst of the crowd; in the. Later day,

to Emigrant an Behold on way me my hisries this are selfsame Copperfield, David filled when boat Old with a was... in early morning June. Ship, hot on a choir glees sang who catches for and aCuriosity Shop, and Tale of Two A just the in the basin beyond Gigantic time, long the of one singers, girl, a sangCities. fostered Schools Dickhave Ship: her church, name, Emigrant looms my her part all mechanically the while, andens, picture... magnates moving have the Amazon. wrote in a letter the of the bottom boat

exploited him with the result that he Two great gangways made of spars and while doing so.

has become one of the world's bestplanks connect her with the wharf; and up "A stranger would be puzzled to guess

loved authors. and down these gangways, perpetually the right name for these people, Mr. UnOne book which should be, but crowdingants, are theto andEmigrantsfro andwhoin andare goingout, liketo commercial,""Indeed he sayswould."the captain.

has not been, known among Lattersail in my Emigrant Ship. Some with cab- "If you hadn't known, could you ever

day Saints is his Uncommercial bages, some with loaves of bread, some with have supposed—?"

Traveller in which he pays unqualicheese and butter, some with milk and beer, "How could I? I should have said they

beds, boxes, bundles, some and some their in degree, were the pick and flowerfied tribute to Saints, the Latterday all with children with of England."withbabies—nearly at the of his writing timewho tin their for were nearly all with cans brandnew I,"should the captain. "So says

emigrating to America. Today, with daily allowance of water, uncomfortably "How many are they?"

the adoption of the Church Security suggestive of a tin flavour in the drink. To "Eight hundred in round numbers."

and and aboard and ashore, down, fro, up betweendecks, families I went the where Saints, LatterdayProgram by the there here swarming and and everywhere, children in with the dark, swarmed where arecompliments constantly forth-... Emigrants. unavoidable my confusion had caused been by

coming, but in Dickens'time the I go aboard my Emigrant Ship. I go the last arrivals, and where the confusion

Saints were subject to slander and first to the great cabin, and find it in the was increased by the little preparations for persecution. usual condition of a Cabin at that pass. dinner that were going on in each group...

papers, loose and with Perspiring landsmen, in their extraordinary people Surely, an At Dickens wrote the time when it; inkstands, pervade and with pens the All and of selfabstraction! former power

his Traveller, the Uncommercial is as things of appearance the general calmly, still writing if letterwriters were and three presiding Elders in charge of the late Mr. Amazon's funeral had just many more letterwriters had broken out in

the British Mission were George Q. come home from the cemetery, and the my absence. A boy with a bag of books

Cannon, Charles C. Rich, and disconsolatethe affairs inMrs.greatAmazon'sdisorder,trusteesand foundwere inemergedhis handfrom andbelow,a slateconcentratedunder hishimselfarm,

Amasa M. Lyman, who had arrived looking high and low for the will. I go out in my neighborhood (espying a convenient

in Liverpool, England, December on the poopdeck, for air, and surveying skylight for his purpose,) and went to work 21, 1860. Since the duties assigned the emigrants on the deck below (indeed at a sum as if he were stone deaf. A

George Q. Cannon were the pubthey are crowded all about me, up there father and mother and several young chillishing of the Millennial Star and too),tion, andfind moremore penspapers,and andinkstandsinterminablein acdren,formedona familythe maincircledeckclosebelowto theme,foothadof

also the emigrating of the Saints, it complication respecting accounts with inthe crowded restless gangway, where the is commonly supposed that it was dividuals for tin cans and what not. But children made a nest for themselves in a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

coil of rope, and the father and mother, The emigrants were now all on deck. before two o'clock in the morning, I left

she suckling the youngest, discussed family They were densely crowded aft, and her....

affairs as peaceably as if they were in swarmed upon the poopdeck like bees. I afterwards learned that a dispatch was

perfect retirement. I think the most noticeTwo or three Mormon agents stood ready sent home by the captain before he struck

able characteristic in the eight hundred as to hand them on to the inspector, and to out into the wide Atlantic, highly extolling a mass, was their exemption from hurry. hand them forward when they had passed. the behaviour of these Emigrants, and the

Eight hundred what? "Geese, villain?"By what successful means, a special aptiperfect order and propriety of all their

Eight Hundred Mormons. I, Uncommertude for organization had been infused into social arrangements. What is in store for

cial Traveller for the firm of Human Inthese people, I am, of course, unable to the poor people on the shores of the Great terest Brothers, had come aboard this Emireport. But I know that, even now, there Salt Lake, what happy delusions they are

grant Ship to see what eight hundred Latwas no disorder, hurry, or difficulty. labouring under now, on what miserable

terday Saints were like, and I found them All being ready, the first group are handblindness their eyes may be opened then, I (to the rout and overthrow of all my exed on. That member of the party who is do not pretend to say. But I went on board

pectations) like what I now describe with entrusted with the passengerticket for the their ship to bear testimony against them scrupulous exactness. whole, has been warned by one of the if they deserved it, as I fully believed they

The Mormon Agent, who had been acagents to have it ready, and here it is in would; to my great astonishment they did

tive in getting them together and in making his hand. In every instance through the not deserve it; and my predispositions and

the contract with my friends the owners of whole eight hundred, without an exception, tendencies must not affect me as an honest the ship to take them as far as New York this paper is always ready.... witness. I went over the Amazons side,

on their way to the Great Salt Lake, was And away they go. Mormon agent, feeling it impossible to deny that, so far,

pointed out to me. A compactlymade skilful and quiet, hands them on. Mormon some remarkable influence had produced

handsome man in black, rather short, with agent, skilful and quiet, hands next party a remarkable result, which better known inrich-brown hair and beard, and clear bright up.... fluences have often missed.

eyes. From his speech, I should set him There were many worn faces bearing

down as American. Probably, a man who traces of patient poverty and hard work, At the conclusion of Dickens'

there and great steadiness prettyhad about was "knocked the world"followthe included writing he of purpose own and selfrespect frank, undemonstrative much amuch. open manner A man with be also should ing footnote, which

... this class. look; withal great amongand unshrinking a man of

quickness. I believe he was wholly ignor- I should say (I had no means of asof interest to Latterday Saints.

fact)ant individuality, familiar that the of kinds certaining most and Uncommercial my this JourAfter Uncommercial Note: here. of trades representedconsequently handicraft were of immense Uncommercial my the I to printed, mention happened ney was like, the shepherds,importance. Farmlabourers, and

it to describes Houghton. Lord experience

full of representation, their but share had fine set are Uncommercial. very a These article then an gentleman showed That me

... if I they preponderated. doubt Amongof here. people together brought you have his in writing of Edinburgh Review The

I all children, fine the observed handsome sir, are Yes, they a very Agent Mormon is for remarkhighly 1862, which January, that their necks with but marks upon twofine set people. of its reliterary for able philosophical and scrofulous. the of probably were Out Indeed, (looking about). Uncommercial Saints. these search concerning emigrants, old of but one whole numberI it difficult think find eight to would be it I find in the following Latterdaysentences:—"The the set aside temporarily by was woman else,hundred people together and anywhere of Select of the House Committee Comfever; of doctor, suspicion but she even onfind so strength beauty and so much much for ships 1854 emigrant on summoned mons

bill health. clean of afterwards obtained a for capacityand them. work among the passengerbroker agent and Mormon all afterthe "passed", had and When about, (not but looking Agent Mormon it, to the before that conclusion and came to on, a black began noon became wear box I steadilylooking at Uncommercial). the ships 'Pasof the provision under no visible in deck, which charge on box wasthink sent out about a thousand for sengers could Act'depended be upon so.—We certain also black, in of of personagesmore, yes'day, from Liverpool. security in as the comfort degree and same the air of conventional only one had whom with are Uncommercial. not going You his those administration. under MorThe itinerant preacher. This contained an boxthese emigrants? is ship family strong a under and mon of printed neatly supply a hymnbooks, and sir. I remain. No, Agent. Mormon discipline, accepted provision with every

in published up, Liverpool, at got also and in been But have Uncommercial. you for comfort, peace."internal decorum, and at Saints'the "Latterday London Book Territory?the Mormon

... Street."30, Depot, Florence I left Yes; about Agent. Utah Mormon CURIOSITY FREOLD SHOP, THE LONDON, sail the the to with... As was Amazonthree CHARLES years OTHER BY QUENTED ago. DICKENS AND

it tide, as next not high and would water be WRITERS. NOTABLE It is to surprising Uncommercial. me

that these people are all so cheery, and make so little of the immense distance before them.

Mormon Agent. Well, you see; many

of 'em have friends out in Utah, and many of 'em look forward to meeting friends on the way.

Uncommercial. On the way?

Mormon Agent. This way 'tis. This

ship lands 'em in New York City. Then

they go on by rail right away beyond!

St. Louis, to that part of the Banks of the

Missouri where they strike the Plains.

There, wagons from the settlement meet 'era'cross—twelveto bear 'em hundredcompanymileson theirabout.journeyIndustrious people who come out to the

settlement soon get wagons of their own, and so the friends of some of these will come down in their own wagons to meet 'em. They look forward to that, greatly..,

After a noontide pause for dinner, during which my Emigrants were nearly all between-decks, and the Amazon looked deserted, a general muster took place. The

muster was for the ceremony of passing the government inspection and the doctor.

Those authorities held their temporary state amidships, by a cask or two; and, knowing

that the whole Eight hundred emigrants must come face to face with them, I took my station behind the two....

A BACKWARD GLANCE AT THE BRITISH MISSION

A Century in the United Kingdom has seen great accomplishment and has taught many vital lessons in the worldwide spread of the

Lord's latterday work.

By RICHARD L EVANS

preside over a mission to England, to be the first foreign mission of the

Church of Christ in the last days."*

Out of various circumstances, and through troublous ways, a party of

From a drawing by G. H. Lugsdin, London. seven missionaries found themselves

to the sailen route England aboard PRESTON, CHAPEL, LANCASHIRE,VAUXHALL in midst of the Finally, however, FIRST PUBLIC DISCOURSE IN WHICH THE WAS ship ing Garrick, 1, 1837, out July in Kirtland, conditions MIStroublousPREACHED BY THE FIRST "MORMON"

SIONARIES IN GREAT BRITAIN. Ohio, in 1 837, the word of the Lord of the port of New York. Three of

came to Joseph Smith "that somethe party—Apostles Heber C. Kimball and Elder and Orson Hyde salfor the thing must done be new of years crowded hundred Richards, Willard were EngNew or on of vation Church. His And history well not be covmay born. others the of land the Among 1st 1837, of Heber the about June, chronological with ered any the Twelve, of was C. Kimball, one Vol. 'History the II, p. 489 Church, of brief in allotteddetail the pages few spirit of set the apart prophecy by

for its consideration, but the fruits and revelation, prayer and laying on LOCH BRICKLAND, IRELAND, WHERE THE

Britain, century's labors inof the of hands, of the First Presidency to FIRSTPERFORMEDBAPTISMIN THEOF THEEMERALDRESTORATIONISLE. WAS net highlightsthe beginnings, and

results, are here suggested with the perspective of a backward glance.

From times of earliest recorded prophecy, and no doubt before, it has been known that there should be a latterday restoration, with the preaching of the Gospel to all the world. St. John's angel flying "in

the midst of heaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach... to

every nation, and kindred, and tongue, and people"is only one of many references to this era of destiny, which appear both in the Old and the New Testament. And the

worldwide spread of Gospel tidings was foreshadowed again with the visitation of the Father and the

Son, and the Angel Moroni, to the boy Joseph Smith. But just when, in

the onward march of the restoration, should be taken the step beyond the confines of continental

America, was not known.

Fielding, Isaac Russell,party—JosephJohn Goodson, and John Snyder

—were some who had emigrated

to Canada, later to accept the

Gospel and return as missionaries to their native land to bear witness of the restoration to kindred and friends there.

To know of the physical impoverishment of these men, and of the hazardous and uncertain circumstances in which they left wellbe- loved families, and of the sacrifices and adversities they faced in this undertaking, is to know of their deeprooted faith and devotion to the Gospel of Jesus Christ. To quote

Heber C. Kimball:

"... The idea of such a mission was almost more than I could bear up under. I

was almost ready to sink under the burden which was placed upon me.

"However, all these considerations did not deter me from the path of duty; the

moment I understood the will of my Heavenly Father, I felt a determination to go at all hazards, believing that He would support almighty by His power, and me LIVERPOOL, RIVER PIERHEAD, MERSEY, for petitioned time they the Lord MISOF GENERATIONS "MORMON"diTHEWHERE I qualification with thatendow every me

SIONARIES AND COME HAVE AND CONVERTS rection, the theyneeded; although were prompted family dear and by was my GONE.

I alshould to leaveto me, and them have thirty Spirit to to Preston, some go

I felt destitute,most that the cause of miles to the North, where they artruth, of the Gospel Christ, outJesus weighed every other consideration."rived by coach, Saturday, July 22, service in Vauxhall Chapel, and in

Whitney's Life of Heber C. Kimball p. 116. 1837, which was a general election answer to prayer, without any reday following Queen Victoria's acquest for the privilege having been

A fter a favorable voyage of twenentrancecession threeinto theweekstownbefore.of PrestonTheir announcedmade, the Reverendthat some Mr.missionariesFielding

ty days, during which they was timed with the nearby unfurling from America would be heard from preached to their fellowpassengers, of an election banner which read at the afternoon session, at which this first British missionary party "Truth Will Prevail"which they time Heber C. Kimball delivered the

entered the River Mersey and the accepted with rejoicing as a good first public Gospel discourse in port of Liverpool, through which omen. Great Britain, and bore witness of

generations of missionaries have By four of the party, that first the restoration. This initial meeting

since come and gone. Following a evening in Preston was spent at the was followed by others in the Vauxbrief stay in Liverpool, during which home of the Reverend James Fieldhall Chapel on that same Sunday

ing, following the evening and on brother of missionary Joseph

PRESTON MARKET OBELISK. PUCE AND after Fielding. which Vauxhall next morning, the Wednesday, The MISSIONARIESHERE THE FIRST "MORMON"

TO GREAT BRITAIN HELD THEIR OUTDOOR Sabbath, July 23, 1837, they all Chapel was closed to the missionMEETINGS.

From a drawing by John Ferguson, 1844. attended the Reverend Fielding's aries by the indignant Reverend Mr.

Fielding, when he suddenly realized that he stood in danger of having his livelihood taken away from him, as members of his flock began to apply for baptism into the newlyrestored

Church of Jesus Christ.

But the negative reaction of the

Reverend James Fielding had come too late. His brother and his sisters,

Mary and Mercy, and his brother,

Joseph, had joined the Church in

Canada and had written him of their joy and conviction in this newfound truth, which information he had conveyed to his congregation, members of whom, with many others throughout Great Britain, were already prepared for the Gospel and were praying for the advent of its messengers. And so, the first baptisms of this dispensation in Europe

occurred on Sunday, July 30, one week after the opening of the public ministry of the missionaries in Pres421 when, in obedience to the word of the Lord, Brigham Young and a majority of the Council of the Twelve

Apostles undertook a mission overseas, leaving the Church and the persecution—butProphet in troublousthe Lordturmoilhad spokand

en and they did His bidding with unquestioning faith and marvelous ultimate results, as is always the case when men have the humility to recognize a wisdom higher than their own.

John Taylor and Wilford Woodruff were the first of the Twelve to arrive. They came upon the British scene January 11, 1840. Brigham

Young, Heber C. Kimball, Parley

P. Pratt, Orson Pratt, and George

A. Smith arrived in early April.

Willard Richards was ordained an

Apostle in accordance with a previous revelation to the Prophet, and

Orson Hyde arrived later. Four conDESERET, 152 HIGH ferences were held while these men

ROAD, HAM, SOUTHLONDON—TOTTENwere in Great Britain and their soLONDON HEADQUARjourn there as a Quorum marks the TERS CHURCH OF THE

FROM 190S TO 1927. beginning of the permanent organiGENERATIONS of British of the Mission and SIONARIES BOTHOF MISzation

in LIVED AND PREACHED in general. Europe the work From

HERE. their actions came the Millennial

Star, the printed voice of the

Church in Great Britain, which first appeared in May, 1840, and which has continued to the present, into its ninetyninth volume. By them

emigration was organized, the first ton. The ordinance was performed When Heber C. Kimball left British edition of the Book of Morfor nine people in the River Ribble, Great Britain, he made Joseph Fieldmon was published and the Gospel

which flows through Preston, ing president of the Mission, with was introduced into London, LiverGeorge D. Watt being the first to Willard Richards and William pool, Herefordshire, Ireland, the

enter the waters of baptism. This Clayton as counselors. Potteries of Staffordshire and the

event, witnessed by a curious crowd The first two were of the original Isle of Man, and by their appointed of thou- "between seven and nine last party, missionary and the named

HILL"), EDINARTHUR'S SEAT ("PRATTS viopersons"sand was preceded by in England. the Church had joined FAINTLY SEEN BURGH. PROMINENCE THElent IN BY ORSON manifestations ASCENDED of BACKGROUND THE WAS the enemy three continued these labors of of The LORD PETITIONED THE HE PRATT WHENall righteousness followed and was until following the successfully SCOTLAND. FROM CONVERTS year, FOR 200

by many blessings of the Spirit.

Thus a beginning was made in the

United Kingdom.

Heber C. Kimball remained in

England at this time until April 20, 1 838—nine months from the date of

their first landing in Liverpool. During that time two conferences of the

Church had been held in the British

Mission, the first in the "Cockpit"(by leave of the Preston Temperance Society), Christmas Day, 1837, and the second on April 8, 1838, in the same place. On the first

of these occasions the Word of

Wisdom was introduced to Great

Britain. By the first conference

nearlyreported—fivesix hundredmonthsbaptismsafter activewere

labors had begun. The second conference reported nearly thirty

branches and hundreds of additional baptisms in all the region round about Preston.

messengers into Scotland and Wales and virtually every town and city of consequence in the Island

Empire.

A year of such labor saw the work in Britain with sufficient momentum to permit the Apostles, as a Quorum, to depart, which they did on April 20, 1841, leaving Parley P.

Pratt to conduct the affairs of the

Mission. Elder Pratt remained another year and a half, until October

20, 1842, at which time he left Elder

Thomas Ward, a British convert, in charge of the Mission, with Elders

Lorenzo Snow and Hiram Clark as counselors.

Brigham Young's summary of the

Quorum's activities and accomplishment during their eventful year in

Great Britain, follows:

"It was with a heart full of thanksgivTHE "COCKPIT", ing and gratitude to God, my Heavenly PRESTON, LANCAWHERE thatFather,

FIRST BRITTHEwith and me I myreflectedbrethrenuponof Histhe dealingsTwelve SHIRE, ISH MISSION CONduring the past year of my life, which FERENCE WAS was spent in England. It truly seemed a HELD.

miracle the contrast to look upon between FromC. E. anShaw,etching1882.byour landing from Liverpool. departing and

We landed in the spring of 1840, as strangers in a strange land and penniless, but through the mercy of God we have gained many friends, established Churches in almost every noted town and city in the

Kingdom of Great Britain, baptized between seven and eight thousand, printed five thousand three o/ Books Mormon, to eat, lacked yet nothing and have we govern- "Mormonism."Thethousand five Books, thousand two Hymn all drink these in or things wear: I acknowlthe servants ofhundred the of volumes Millennial Star, Crown praisedment—the the of edge Millennial Star, God."hand

fifty tracts,and thousand to emigrated and tolerated, investigated, praised, has 7. Vol. 26, p.

souls,Zion established thousand one per- a protected ignored and "Mormon"shipping willmanent agency a be which activities at in divarious times eventful and introducthe ends Thusgreat blessing to Saints, left the and have sown in the hearts of many thousands the tory period of the Gospel in Great vers places. But out of it all have

seeds of eternal truth, which will bring Britain. Nearly a century has intercome inestimable results. A few less

forth fruit to the honor and glory of God, vened, and in one way or another than six thousand missionaries have the influence of the message and been sent by the Church to Great "THAT POOL OF WATER"ON THE BENBOW messengers of the Gospel has been Britain during the century. More

FARM IN HEREFORDSHIRE. HERE WILFORD

WOODRUFF BAPTIZED HUNDREDS OF THE felt in every corner of the United than one hundred and twentysix

UNITED BRETHREN. Photograph by Richard L. Evans, 1928, Kingdom. The British press has atthousand British subjects have

Courtesy Millennial Star, tacked, defended, derided and joined the Church, and more than fiftytwo thousand have emigrated.

A century of such interchange of thought and culture, and a century of such sacrifice for truth, has not been without its farreaching consequences.

"To membership in the presiding councils of the Church Great Britain has directly contributed eleven men, among them some of the most brilliant, capable and devoted champions and defenders of the faith that the century has produced.

"But besides this British contribution to the official leadership of the Church have come the great unrecordable contributions of the hosts of men and women throughout the decades. Uncounted scores of the

most useful men and women this

Church has had on its membership rolls were Britishborn, including the first designer and builder of the (Continued on page 452) The coronation of vi george

THE BRITISH SOVEREIGNS UNDER WHOSE Photographs of Edward VIII and George VI used REIGNS "MORMONISM"HAS BEEN PREACHED BY by courtesy of the Travel and Industrial DevelIN THE UNITED KINGDOM SINCE 1837; LEFT opment Association of Great Britain and Ireland.

TO RIGHT: VICTORIA, EDWARD VII, GEORGE V, EDWARD VIM, AND GEORGE VI. RAMONA W.CANNON

Of the British Mission beforeSouth CoronationLondon chapel,at Ravenslea,for Elders'the curious to beholdAlthough the splendor of the Coronasent from all parts of the British conference, under the direction of

President Cannon. Joseph Most J. to then returned Empire, were and tion of VI, AmerGeorge mattresses of them, straw with and ring Coronation Day. on Continentals themicans asked and their blankets, headquarters made story another the was day On practicalselves modern, a Engwhy in building the the large where that the Coronation run crown and

still clings to the customs andland held. also evethe In meetings were regalia from been removed had centuries. of bygoneceremony in ning, the North London new guard, under heavy London Tower this to best the answerPerhaps honoring chapel, held, a banquet was certain to to jeweler's cleaned a be given question been has by exDean

considers Inge, R. whoW. the and brightened. beenparticularlyespeciallymissionariessuccessful inwhowritinghad

its pageantry, withelaborate many Star. subscriptions the to Millennial inorgan was new A magnificent of sort acts, "a being as symbolical servcooking, decorations, and The in stalled Westminster Abbey, of continuity the ofsacrament creditably ing handled most were the looking to medieval annex a and a prenation, historic great has which PresiDistrict the Branch and by constructed. was Abbey The West its its identity, freedom, and served It auxiliaries. dencies a and was almost unrecognizable bewas End its revolution, or traditions, without particularly occasion. Meethappy of scaffoldings the cause huge disturbance."serious Friday, ings followed Thursday, on buildings erected along the around another presents Drinkwater John at part of Saturday, and Monday route, seats procession the with attitude British the of explanation Richard President Ravenslea. R. as as twentyfive guineas high priced pageantry. Coronationtoward Brother D. Lyman, George and parks, great London's ($125.00).

citizen relation the "In to his King of Superintendent Pyper, General into for the Empire camps."converted mystic, is a of the of British Empire Schools, addressed some the Sunday with soaked troops, had become

Mr. Drinkwater further explains heavy rains. the assemblies. Sunday, meetings

that the King is symbolical of the The bus strike was on. Of all were held at two stands in Hyde

soul of Great Britain, and that every times! But of course matters would Park, where continuous speaking by

subject of the Empire is a part of be adjusted before the Coronation! the missionaries and singing by the

that soul. Nobody doubted that. Perhaps we Millennial Chorus were carried on

The preparations for May 12th forgot the famous British tenacity. for eight hours. Thousands of peohad been under way for a year and The tube jams were almost dangerple stopped to listen.

had received the utmost publicity. ous. Queues a block long crept Tuesday night many of the misDuring March and April the papers slowly, six abreast, towards the stasionaries went immediately from the

played up daily items regarding the tions. Extra ticketwindows and banquet to find good places from

Coronation. For example: one day unused passages had been opened, which to view the procession. Peothe feature was that the British had and extra trains were running. Thus, ple had been lining up since noonimproved on the old methods of bellas the day approached, London time. Armed with stools, periscopes,

tuning, and experts were engaged in swarmed with its own millions and food, newspapers, they made their carefully shaving those parts which its added throngs of visitors. way by millions to central London,

were not in tune of the carillons, The hundred and thirtysix Brittrying to edge in along the route.

chimes, and bells, which had been ish missionaries gathered the day The route was lined on both sides

V\9E5r"'m 111 EEKnfe

with King's Guards in their flamered coats, and high black bearskin hats, with chin straps of brass chains. Behind them stood a row

of sailors, and between these and the banks of seats were jammed thousands of rigid, weary bodies.

On both sides of the Mall were redwrapped poles, surmounted by crowns, from below which depended beautiful standards in series of red, white, and blue, trimmed with gold braid and fringe. Here was elegant

simplicity, the trees lacy with green, halfmatured leaves and columned facades beyond.

CoronationnouT tA light haze added beauty to the vividly trees St. of green James*

ceilingPark, of high amusement, and the Yeomen of the THEHISTORICCORONATIONLONDON.ROUTE THROUGH PART OF motherand a

ofpearl mist revealed a white orb Guards (the famous Beefeaters of CourtesyTravelo{ Organizers,Fuller and London.Young.

which was more moon than sun. London Tower) in Elizabethan coslent spears, carrying and patiently crowds the tumesThe withstood to Longshanks West- a by Edward note. popularterrific pressure, the jamming and or minster. Ampulla, golden The State gilded length the came At forcramping inch an more room oil, is supeagle, contains the which magnificently carved Coach, and tothe better see King and "Our the given to been by have posed built in painted, 1762 for GeorgeQueen."to a Becket, Virgin Thomas Mary III at of cost a about $40,000, and last the various procesAt came in exiled France. when all coronations. for succeeding usedsions, leaving different the at Palace

their eight with Greys The Windsor firsttimes. In the certain one, memof the CanterArchbishop fter A trappings, scarlet the gold andbers of the Royal repreFamily and first the King presented bury had postillions, coachmen, footmen andsentatives foreign of drove powers directions in four his to subjects the in scarlet cosresplendent gold andby. royalty approached, Whenever their as of the "undoubted Abbey tumes the wigs, white with woollythe soldiers presented arms. him and King,"crowned and had officers other Yeomen, and marched feeling Britain's limitof awed An the regalia, the presented with him Finally, beside them. King, theless through swept power the specermine-trimtheir in peers of body elicited the with wildest Queen,tators the as soldiers thousands of their coronets on placed robes med cheers. by.marched Indian troops The their the Later heads. was Queen the Loudspeakers kept waiting lent potentatesand oriental an peeresses the ermined crowned, and in of crowds the informed procedure inglamor, decided contrast to the their their heads placed crowns on the the anointing of the Abbey, in theirScots kilts plaid flying and in unison. Queen, whitearmed The breast King on conwith head andcapes bearskins, and plumed and curtsied returning throne, to her low oil, secrated a custom has whichthe scarlet dazzling of the gold and salutes; fired to King. the Guns traditionally, come down, from Irish,Welsh, and Coldstream sung. King, were Te The Deums Samuel's anointing of Saul as KingGuards. in Royal Bargemen The their his consort, followed heavy by Israel. of of Stone was, Scone Thetheir scarlet, skirted uniforms, with trains of royal embroidered purple tradition, to according pilJacob'sscarlet jockey caps, ripples of caused with gentlemen borne gold and by at Bethel, low and used was by

solin ladies waiting, marched Scottish at their monarchs coronaandCORONATION CROWDS AND THE ROYAL COACH aisle of the emnly the Abbey down tions PALACE. BEFORE BUCKINGHAM from the year 850 until brought

and came out by the large new annex, to the State Coach.

The seven earlier processions now became one grand spectacle extending two and a half miles.

Throngs waited breathlessly for the King's broadcast that evening.

So well disposed were his remarks that millions rallied enthusiastically to him, accepting him as his father's sort, "sincere, homely, a workman king."The government went to tremendous trouble and expense to floodlight London. Unfortunately, illuminations lasted only five days, but

they turned an everyday world into fairyland. timttw Around London{Concluded Toweron page 454)the

CENTURYA IN BUCKINGHAM PALACE D CICIC f r AnnAi I Where British Sovereigns by LLOlt L. LAKKULL have resided since 1837.

This year the eyes of the world have turned with more than usual interest to famous Buckingham palace. One king turned

his back upon its splendor; his successor recently entered the royal

residence.

It became the home of British sovereigns a hundred years ago when

Queen Victoria, the eighteenyear- old monarch, moved into it three weeks after her accession. Though

she was the first royal occupant of the palace, it was begun years before her reign. Upon the present In all London there are no other BUCKINGHAMVICTORIA MEMORIAL.PALACE WITH THE QUEEN

site in 1762 stood the residence of residencegardens so fine or exPhotograph by Lionel Green.

tensive of as those Buckingham. At III, called Buckingham King George not. are "No, you workman A the terraces are wonderful west and House. call Majesty'."'Your me in would steps spacious lawns, wide and after In death the 1820, year one the that confessed he man When is the center of beautiful a which III, assisted of IV, George George disguised himself as a had workman lake bridges, islands small with and architect the began Nash, famous by paintso see might the he famous rare birds place a be where may palace. construct the to present He ings, to the permitted queen him

is It seen. said that of the Duke to Parliament impression the gave as desired. as long remain he

fell into this lake once Windsor and remodeling, but that merely he was the of palace has been scene The his that royal fainted. This mother first a the planned he from new stirring events. innumerable On is fapart of the the garden now structure, spent up- $7,500,000 and 28, Victoria 1838, Queen June was little vorite of playground the two it it during twelve years the was on for in ready of the made one rooms princesses. "repaired". in process being of the after her coronation. years Sixty

At one time, 1,000 workmen worked The spaciousness and magnifiVictoria's coronation she touched an night and day to hasten its comcence of the palace from the outside electric button in one of the palace pletion. Thousands of candles were is very impressive, but the inside is rooms and her memorable Diamond

used for the night work. The king, even more overwhelming. The picJubilee message was flashed to her

however, died, before it was fintures, tapestries, draperies, rugs, and empire: "From my heart I thank

ished. furniture are estimated to be worth my beloved people. May God bless

William IV, the next ruler, shockabout $20,000,000. them!"It was from the first floor

ed to learn how much the building One of the most gorgeous rooms study of Buckingham Palace that was costing the country, tried to disis the Grand Hall. Tons of Carrara the present king gave his radio

pose of it. It was finished in 1837, marble went into it. broadcast a few weeks ago.

having been in the process of conThe picture gallery is 150 feet It costs over $450,000 a year to struction almost a quarter of a cenlong, its walls are covered with maintain Buckingham Palace. But

tury, and, ironically, the second king paintings by the masters of the the British love of pageantry makes died before he had occupied it. world. Once a lover of art stole into many of the people feel that the

It was the first large residence in this gallery and was discovered by money is well spent. The history,

London to be equipped with gas Queen Victoria. romance, and glamor make it one of

burners, and amusing stories are "Who are you?"she demanded. the great points of world attention

told of Queen Victoria's fear of this "A workman laying carpets, at any time, and particularly in an innovation. madame,"he replied. eventful year like 1937.

Ci%<&0

Marymaid IN WAITING TO A QUEEN Story that began in Londontown and

ENDED ON A NEWWORLD PrAIRIE.

By

in.ary sat Downey GEORGIA

of the sewing room Henri's select dressmakingM establishment in MOORE

Cheapside, which as everyone knows EBERLINGwas the place of shops in London.

Like all the rest of the people in maid in waiting to the young

London that July morning, Mary Queen."

was tremendously excited. Even though she knew this was

William the Fourth, the old king, impossible, Mary let her thoughts was dead, and that meant that Alexwander on and her dreams center

Victoria,andria girl just a Victoria two about her maids. and Soyears older than herself, Mary that far away she was she jumped

would be Queen. Indeed that girl guiltily when Henri, the French

was even now Queen. All London owner of the shop, called in his

knew how she had been awaked sharp voice: "Is that dress about

at two that morning, and had come ready, Marie?"

hurriedly down stairs at the sumMary frowned; she wished Henri

mons of the two statesmen, with her would call her Mary, but she anfair hair flowing loosely over her swered pleasantly: "Almost ready,

dressing gown her and blue eyes just Monsieur; stitches a few more

filled with grief at tears of the passto be taken in the hem."But she

ing of her uncle. sewed swiftly and ceased to dream

All London knew that Victoria or to cast quick glances at the picfor the girl Queen chose her second ture of the Queen.

name as her title—had said when It would never do to offend Henri;

she received the momentous news, if lost it this she place would be "I feel no exultation, but something to find hard another the and wages like fear."here as high were as anywhere. By

Ah! But she was a wonderful strict managing she lived very nicely

girl! She would make a wise Queen. on what she made. She shivered as

And she was so sweet, so demoshe thought of the possibility of losMARYcratic; not many in London but had ing her position and having to get

seen her smile, ready her gentle out seek and another. it; that she hated but days she somewistful glance that implored to you "If mother father lived, and had to regardbest resolved her very dolove her. all Mary, with England, I perhaps should a have to chance felt. less there of she was And how gladwas call to Victoria, "Your see the to try to and Queen get my silks, in lustrous the joy sewing onMajesty."list the on name from which she velvets soft the damasks. heavy and sat As Mary this and sewed I chooses her maids; should not have in herself clad could imagine Onemorning the on lovely dresses, she sit to here if sewing after day day them.was looking from time to time at a they alive,"were swift and tear a at times her glanced At Marypicture of the young Queen which rolled her face down as she thought in reflection lovely the mirror longsmiled at her from the It wall. was of the awful epidemic that robhad to the of longed and wear somenot a very splendid likeness, for M. her bed of both parents within a dresses. eyes black grand HerDaguerre, the Frenchman, had but week. left She nice had the school fell her, at hair smiled her brownrecently invented the machine that she where been had to studying be in lovely ringlets over her whitetook pictures sunshine, by this and a governess and had glad been to forehead, her assured manner washad been made time some before the the thing do she best to knew how quiet; that soft the she and knew girl became Queen, but faulty no do: lovely, put tiny stitches into hats, coral velvets the plumed andpicture could hide the young Queen's frocks handmade for ladies of rank. silks the white look heavy wouldgraciousness blur nor the kindliness Indeed she been had fortunate to get lovely her. for not sewing But a onof her smile. into a like shop Henri's, a that shop things; these maid they were were I I "Oh, wish might be always for made gowns only finest the ladies for court ladies—and yes—fornear her,"Mary thinking. in was it London. all But difso was in to the waiting maids Queen.

it a joy"What to would be serve as ferent from she what had planned (Continued on 461 page "ZION IN THE NORTH HPhe story of the Mormons'fifty years in

Western Canada is a tale that must yet be told, and here is made a beginning—

By C FRANK STEELE PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR CHARLES ORA CARD

I hear the tread of pioneers, Brigham Young as head of the

Of nations yet to be; "Cifty years of Mormon setChurch. Thus it was that when

The first low wash of waves where soon tlement in Western CanPresident Card of Logan, Utah, was

Shall flow a human sea. ada coincides with a century interviewed by President Taylor

The rudiments of empire here of Mormon activity in Great as to a possible settlement of the

Are plastic yet and warm; Britain. There is much taking Latterday Saints in Mexico or Canmighty chaos of aThe world place in connection with the ada, the choice fell on Canada

into form. Is rounding

Canadian Jubilee of the Westwhere he felt the people would find is the Golden Jubilee of an ern Canadian Mormon com- a suitable gathering place and BritThis munities, concerning which ish justice.

important event in the history more will be said later; but Perhaps there was something of

of western settlement: the eshere and now C. Frank Steele love for his native land that moved

tablishment of the first Mormon of the "Lethbridge Herald"John Taylor to that decision; cercolony in what was then the Northintroduces the subject with his tainly there was inspiration, for the

west Territories of Canada. This interesting review of "Zion in Saints did find a haven on Canadian

link in a long chain of western histhe North". soil, a security that the Mormon

tory was forged by Charles Ora colonists in some other lands unCard, a pioneer of Utah. In confortunately have not always entemplating it let us look back for a joyed. Today three flourishing

moment. John Taylor. President Taylor was stakes of the Church and a great

What Western America is today born in England, and emigrated to Temple dedicated to the Lord testify is due in a large measure to the Upper Canada, settling in Toronto. to the fifty years of peace and

labors of its pioneers. Possessed of There Elder Parley P. Pratt, an growth.

a high courage and skill these men early Mormon missionary, found him and women of yesterday risked their and on the 9th of May, 1837, bapHPhe Utah pioneers into Canada lives to blaze the trails, build the tized him a member of the Church. crossed the border June 1, 1887,

roads and bridges, establish towns The Canadian convert later jourjoining in a shout of gladness that and cities, erect schools and neyed to Nauvoo, 111., became one they stood on Canadian soil and that

churches, and bring to the domain of the Twelve Apostles, a confident the end of their weary trek was near.

of the Redman the first pattern of of the young Prophet Joseph Smith, The journey had been a trying one, a new civilization. was with him at his martyrdom, and one of the most formidable obstacles

If you would catch the pulse, the after the trek to Utah succeeded THE ALBERTA TEMPLE, CARDSTON, CANADA.

power of this pioneer development you must read the stories of its heroes. To the Latterday Saints

the movement of the Church to the

Salt Lake Valley in 1 847, the founding of Utah, the missions of colonization under the presidency of Brigham Young and John Taylor hold stories of courage and achievement of unfailing interest. It was an age

of adventure, of daring, an age when men and women were unafraid of the wilderness. And the settlement of Cardston by President

Charles Ora Card of the Cache Valley Stake of Zion and his company of some forty souls exemplifies the spirit of the period.

President Card was called to this mission to Canada by President

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 7937

parted conclusions tions, and our drew own into the pioneers come Mormon.. friends. a of the best. Mrs. Card was It country. had company. meant we as well fluent speaker, as convincing and

Mr. Card was a fine man, a perfect woman of grace and charm, and exerciseda gentleman, and Mrs. Card—they a farreaching influence on the life of called her Aunt Zina—was a mother Southern Alberta."

to us fellows."

The Indians were neighbors to the

John D. Higginbotham, Western colonists on the north, having reCanada pioneer and author, in his ceived their lands from Queen Vicbook, When the West Was Young, toria, the "Great White Mother,"

refers to the pioneers in this way: under the terms of the Great Treaty

of 1877. Red Crow, the high chief

"I had many conversations with these of the Bloods, and President Card, rugged old patriarchs at that time and later met soon after the arrival of the transactions. business numerous Of their pioneer company and in a council a farmers, stockmen, planters, work as tree

and irrigators I need not dwell; their prospledge of peace was made that has

perous community centres, farms, and not been broken.

ranches speak for themselves. With their

general abstinence from tea, coffee, tobacco,

ZINA YOUNG CARD and liquors I have no quarrel, that policy Although the immigrants found having been adopted by them after long a land of rich, virgin soil, timber effects their stimulants with and mountains, ample in the western rivers theybeing the which in the the pioneer body. were experienceupon Even human winters moderfeed and and water: often in high difficultobliged to ford, conditions, these water days, under and

the Snake, Jefferson, Sun, Teton, settlers were never a charge on the comated by the famous "chinook"winds, they had many problems to province or country. and munity, Bank, Milk, Medicine, CutTwo

face. outstanding characters of the most "One MountSt. Mary's. Northwest The

ed Police welcomed them and asof the Mormon settlements, Mrs. Charles Growth of the new colony on

(affectionately as Card 'Aunt known Lee's the in crossing steadysisted famthem creek was as new St. OraZina') at guest an early home. was my

ilies trailed in they over the overlandMary's. days later Three I think she informed She was, me, a daughcamped on the banks of Lee's creek, ter of the third wife of Brigham Young, route bringing with them stock and

on a site a stone's throw from Cardston's present Main Street. There

they commenced building the first

Mormon settlement in Canada. The

vision of President Taylor was already being realized.

When the Mormon pioneers came into the Alberta country there were not more than 30,000 white persons in the whole of the Northwest Territories. The provinces of

NEAR CATTLE AWAITING SHIPMENT CHURCH notAlberta Saskatchewan were and cattle were and Sheep TEMPLE, CARDST0N. ALBERTA THE equipment. THE

until thereformed 1905. In 1887 TABERNACLE, MOUNTAIN "OLD CHIEF"AND large of brought, also numbers

was not a ranch enclosed by a fence ARE SEEN IN THE BACKGROUND. horses, the best of which were sold

between the boundary and Fort to the Mounted Police for mounts.

Calgary. It was open country. Inthe famous founder of Salt Lake City and As in Utah, cooperative industries

stead of the sagebrush of their Utah their colonies in Utah, and inherited much were established including a sawability. his evening energy and One immigrants deep of foundhome the (Continued on page 458) in she spent hours discussing my library covering the grass seeminglybunch religion the other searching themes, and

prairies.endless flowers Wild grew scriptures consulting books and many

ALBEIRTA, of CARDST0N, CANADA, LOOKING in profusion, tables reference until and covgame and chairs was plentiwere THE GRAIN NORTH TOWARD ELEVATORS FROM ful. Some years before, the Mounted ered with them. We debated many quesTHE TEMPLE TOWER.

Police made their historic march across the plains establishing a fort at Macleod and later a detachment on the St. Mary's river. The great

buffalo herds had disappeared from the plains although in 1886 at least four were killed by Indians some miles from where the pioneers pitched their tents. There were a few

white "squatters"ranching in a small way in the vicinity, chiefly exmem- bers of the Mounted Police, and they heartily welcomed the Mormons.

Vern Shaw, who was one of those frontiersmen who formed the "reception committee"for President

Card's company, told the writer:

"We were mighty glad to see the w: m

DEPARTURE OF JOHN

AND SEBASTIAN CABOT FROM BRISTOL TOWNCENTER, FIRST VOYAGE

OF DISCOVERY, MAY, 1497. (As painted by Ernest Board, R. C. I., R. W. A.,

now in the Art Gallery, Bristol, England.)

By G. HOMER

DURHAM America's Fellow, Department of Political Science, U. C. L. A.

Between Columbus'voyages birthplace numbers two and three, Henry VII of England, Tudor father of Bluff \x7ho actually "discovered"these shores is King Hal, Henry the VIII, granted still controversial but speculation is Patents Royal to John and Sebas- a harmless pastime, and the folk of bristol tian Cabot, with leave to "goe in of contries heretofore unTown think they know. searche to all Christians."knowne That

was March 5, 1496.

birth, his identiDespite Genoese in pie bethere united the are most one's of placewniiIhe birth—or cal that with of Columbus, John city, lief their that ancient loved and in general,"origin said lived Bristol. in Cabot SeHis son pirates, of onetime hideout Norse

birthabout Webster Noah claim, bastian, as Englishmen was true birthplace of is the America.

places. * * * * born there.

this place those are There who visit this you Today when EngIsabella's in forlocation America lish seaport are struck the you by '"\X7"hoVV 1492?"discoveredasks the Americafifth gradein II and Leif Genoa,Spain, Duce's things: of three quaintness The

Ericson's Norseland. Others are teacher. quantities of ripe, yellow bananas

quite frank in stating the birth- "Columbus!"comes back a roar, sold from carts in the streets; the

place of America to be an area of which if catalogued for truth of old houses rising in millwheel forthirty rods square surrounding the content by the enthusiasm of the mation, layer upon layer from the famous crack of the Liberty Bell, response, would mark it A-l. center of town; and, the Town CenIndependence Hall, Philadelphia. As a matter of fact, Columbus ter itself, where the famous Bristol

Folk with a philosophical turn of did not discover America. And floating docks bring sea and river

mind will tell you that America was therein lies the glory of Bristol, and Avon directly into the center of the born around an AngloSaxon camp- a long story which is made short city. From this last spot, in May,

fire in Northern Europe or Britain here. 1497, sailed the good ship Matthew

when all Beowulf's warriors were October 12, 1492, Christopher of one hundred tons, bearing away allowed free speech to express Columbus (get out your maps), 69 eighteen men, including John and themselves over the day's battles days out of Palos Harbor, Spain, Sebastian Cabot, finally to "diswith Grendelian monsters. And of landed at San Salvador, Bahama cover"America.

course the Garden of Eden always Islands; 1493, he sailed again and Today a bronze tablet marks the

comes in for its due portion of distouched at Porto Rico and Haiti, spot as shown in the illustration.

tinctive comment. Not until his third voyage, 1498, Aside from changes in type of vesConversation on the point is quite did he touch the mainland of the sel, clothing, electric trams and

useless... except in Bristol, EngAmerican continents: South Amerbusses nearby, the scene today reland! Five hundred thousand peoica, near the mouth of the Orinoco. mains practically unchanged.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

'ii u ih whence left John Cabot and the ship His share or part of it at leastF:.:---: > IMIW IIU ill i

Matthew. was to stand one day in the House

Commons when the Townshend roof interest and more Of deeper——y (not of colonial Plan Townsend) historical that mantic, truth is the

the colony of Pennsylvania traces taxation was introduced, which la- -..-r:... its origin direct to Bristol. George ter provoked the Boston Tea Party.

Fox's Society of Friends (or the Said Edmund Burke that day:

Quakers) came there in 1656. "Taxation without Representation

When father and mother Quakers is Tyranny."

tpigtt were imprisoned for their beliefs, In 1812 Harvard College opened adolescent and younger sons and Holsworthy Hall, built by the in secret, daughters so met and Hols- $5,000 gift of Sir Matthew

the ''.: >"; '. "'.:.:. '.:...--. '.-....../''., of the...'..:...;.:..."'"i''. aroused sympathy town of Bristol. worthy American and

that their parents were released. English students have since exINSCRIPTION ON FLOATING DOCKS, TRAMWAYS Alongside the huge oilpainting dechanged scholarships between that BRISTOL, CENTER, ENGLAND.

picting the departure of the Matinstitution and Bristol University.

June 24, 1497, the American conthew for America in 1497 (in the Here is a fact few are familiar Gallery), stands another Art now last attinent the received imprint of with, the they even though know painting, captioned, the Faith "For feet. flags ofEuropean EngThe of story the April 8, Matthew: illustrates Fathers,"Their which of St. (patronland of the and Mark first the 1838, Great Western, this Bristol, incident. In the QuakersBristol venturers) were Merchant its to Atlantic, cross steamship the of the found Penn, William son soil, in afterplanted the a and keel Bristollaid, sailed of out the great Admiral Penn, armor whose "300 coast,cruise leagues"the down in to fifteen days, Avon York in coatof-arms New and the hang now tothe Bristol put back Cabots

Town. The next year, Columbus Bristol Parish Church. The historic ten hours.

touched South America and the Caconnection thus linked with America Times have changed from Cafurther to needs no except comment north, returnbots bot's a voyage voyage, sixty day made to the Great say that marWilliam Quaker was refrom never which Cabot John fifteen Western's to the day voyage, ried in the of Parish the Church turned. town, with due pomp and ceremony. Queen Mary's voyage of 4 days, 9

BrisThe exact spot where Cabot Other facts fly thick with history hours, 44 minutes. But the

landed has not been determined. The first Wesleyan Chapel in the tolians remain proud of their city,

nearest guess that ColumbiaThe Birthplace of America.""The in Bristol. stands world And Weswill historianUniversity's Greene All but one. After an illustrated they leyan Methodists were whoventure of north is "somewhere

New England."The deed, however, first settled the colony of Georgia. lecture delivered by the author,

was fait accompli and on its basis, A collateral ancestor of George February 8th, 1935, at the Grand

England advanced, defended, and Washington, Colonel Henry WashHotel, Bristol, in which use was won its title to a place in the best ington, in 1643 led a band of Cavmade of the story of John Cabot sunshine of the New World. alier cavalry against a Roundhead and the voyage of the Matthew,

Meanwhile Bristol prospered as stronghold near the town. Thus one Bristolian came up and said, "I

Britain's first and finest port. another link is marked with the U. guess we're wrong. I suppose that

* * * * S. A. In the Town Center, fifty man Lehi you talked about discov-

"Dristolians have pride in four feet from the bronze tablet to John ered America."

hundred years'continuous assoand Sebastian Cabot, stands an imThe question therefore remains ciation with America, aside from posing figure of Edmund Burke. Its open to the reader.

their city's being the "birthplace."inscription

trail BRISTOL, NEAR ENGLAND AVON GORGE followed blazed theFishermen to that Parliament to go "I want I may THE river of the this sailed harbor (Out up John and resisting of thrived the have doing good and the Cabots on andby my share Sebastian their to sea on open voyage Cabot banks of Newfoundland. Ambitious evil."discovery.) of

merchant venturers of Bristol's famous guild nurtured the lanes of commerce to the New World. Today in this Somersetshire town,

tourists are told that even one

Thomas Weston, guildman, financed the Mayflower on the voyage that took the Pilgrim Fathers to

Massachusetts Bay.

True it is that lifeblood of Virginia plantations depended on the prosperity of Bristol, which marketed their tobacco crops and returned shiploads of slaves. The British tobacco industry grew up in Bristol.

Today the plants and warehouses of the Brothers Wills stand only yards removed from the spot fcd&tfiiaL Qjhe {British fillission QJrom immigrant II [others

HThe British Mission was established, just one Traveling today is a joy when all the appointhundred years ago, for "the salvation of the ments are available. Quite different was the trip

Church."So wrote the Prophet Joseph Smith. At made a century ago. Traveling over unknown seas

that time there was much commotion in the Church. to uncharted lands, countless immigrant mothers

Many members had become lovers of material subdauntlessly faced an uncertain future for the Gosstance, critical of the Church leadership, and carepel's sake. Had they remained in their mother

less of the Gospel law. Under such conditions, the countries, they could have lived in reasonable comProphet turned, as the Church must always do fort, with security. When, however, they accepted

under similar circumstances, to renewed and inthe Gospel message, they wanted to join their creased spiritual activity. voices with others of their faith in praise and

Full personal salvation is attained only by helpthanksgiving to their Father for the Restoration.

ing others win their salvation. Unselfish labor for Eagerly mothers began planning for their trip

the advancement of God's earthly kingdom banto join the great body of the Saints. Widows with

ishes doubts and fears. Strength to do and to young children slaved to gather money to bring

overcome is a natural effect of forgetfulness of their families to a place where they could hear the self in a great cause. Gospel message preached frequently and openly.

The spiritual condition of the Church itself is Young mothers, having listened to the message measured best by the fostering of enterprises for of gathering, prodded their husbands to greater the welfare of all humanity. The opening of a effort that the happy day might be hastened when

new mission, the building of another temple, or the their families could join the Saints. Mothers who

instituting of any movement for human good, such knew themselves not strong enough to endure the as the Church Security Program, helps secure "the ordeal of the long journey insisted that their famsalvation of the Church."The Church is preilies embark soon lest their children might not have

served by service. the privilege of being reared among others whose

The opening of the British Mission offered means faith would reinforce their own, whose good works for valiant efforts in behalf of the latterday cause. would amplify their faith. The sons and daughIt was a provision for the spiritual upbuilding of ters of many of these mothers became and are the

the people. Therefore, it became a source of leading men and women of our Church today.

strength to the Church in a troubled day. These early mothers had the desire to withdraw

The sacrifices represented by the century of from a world which would neither understand nor

Church endeavor in Great Britain are justified in tolerate them. They wished to erect a city to their

the noble record that the British Mission has writCreator and build a commonwealth to His name.

ten into the history of the Church. It has always Their sacrifices, their struggles, their accomplishbeen true to its divine trust. It has brought light ments, we revere. But we have not always taken

into darkened places, and has led men out of their example to heart.

prisons of error into freedom of truth. The thouConditions have changed since that early time

sands of British missionaries and their families, when those immigrant mothers were impelled to who have sought to "bring forth Zion,"have releave an unfriendly world to journey to "Zion."ceived the exceedingly great joy that flows only We cannot withdraw from a world which has

from service. Of them it was written long ago, rapidly become small. The great need today is to

"whoso shall publish.. tidings of great joy, how maintain our integrity even while we remain

beautiful upon the mountains shall they be."wherever the Gospel message may have reached

(I Nephi 13:37.) The tens of thousands of couraus. The sacrifices, the struggles, the accomplishgeous souls who have accepted the message of the ments are still required of us, as they were of these

Elders have become numbered among the "House immigrant mothers.

of Israel"; and have shared in advancing the cause Pioneer women had the muscle in mind and

of truth. They have risen above the power of evil; body that could propel them over mile after mile

the visions of eternity have been opened to them; of desert country. Women of today need to put

as they have remained true, they have found unthat muscle into our minds and spirits and also bounded happiness in life. The British Mission, into that of our children.

first of the great foreign missions, stands as an We need to recall frequently with Emerson:

example to the Church at home and abroad. it isIt easyis easyin solitudein the toworldlive afterto liveone'safterown;thebutworld'sthe greatopinion;man

The British Mission has not ended its labors. is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetGreat Britain has more need than ever before of ness the independence of solitude.

its divine warning. But, the great promise of its We are today right in the midst of the crowd.

future is only the lengthened shadow of its glorious This does not mean that we need to become part past. The whole world has need of the message of it when it means forsaking our principles. It

of the Restoration. The Gospel must be preached means instead an added responsibility and an opto all men. Missionary work is a binding obligaportunity. We can act as a leaven with which the

tion upon the Church. "Verily, the voice of the whole world may rapidly become leavened. If we

Lord is unto all men, and there is none to escape; lose our integrity, our individuality, then we are

and there is no eye that shall not see, neither ear false to ourselves and to those pioneer mothers who that shall not hear, neither heart that shall not be willingly sacrificed home, loved ones, and country, penetrated."(D. and C. 1 A. W. for the Gospel's sake.—M. C. /.:2.)—/.

FOUR DAYS

OF NSPIRATION

at the Fortysecond Annual rom the opening note at 9:00 Conference of the Young The Saturday evening portrayal

o'clock Friday morning, June Men's and Young Women's of art, literature, music, drama, and activities AssoMutual Improvement point. a punctuating was last 1 1, until the of the embersF 14th. of the The work June 11th to Stake Hollywood at close of campfire the ciations, the fadedSummer Institute, Monday night, M MenGleaner Chorus, eighty

June 14, the Fortysecond Annual wholesome young men and women in the fresh early of bloom manhood the ofConference Men's and Young ratt Hall, various the and board and musical womanhood, added ImproveYoung Mutual Women's in auditoriums rooms and which uplift at warmth and several of the briefly Associations cannotment held, they respectively. were Inadesessions. in "Highlights at Marble"well adequately described as beand facilities quate housing the need and the Saturday session morning and other phrase "four thanby any days for future in adjustments grow- a "Let's Mutual,"Friday on To Go inspiration."of after of many And ing in at program evidence were morning, also distinctive made and specific detailsthe instructions and limievery hand. physical these But inspiring contributions.of the meetings have numerous been tations detract did not the from climaxing note of the reguThe still willforgotten, there remain in prevalent enthusiasm. lar sessions evening came Sunday those attended,the of minds who presentations of the general The with inspirational an to address soulstirringthe heartwarming,

sessions pointed, entertaining, were youth Melvin Ballard by a and J. isfact that a here worldin M.I.A. inspirational. and educational halfhour The broadcast presented the on host forwardlooking, of cleanwide

in recreation, meets covering the regular Evening Sunday KSLliving pursuit the blend youth who fields of music, drama, dancing, Service, presenting Church the Haart,of excellence the of culture, the in public, literaspeaking story and waiians, the Hollywood and Chorus skill thrill of the handiwork, and ture, travel, inforhighly and were a thoughtful stimulating stateand serving,of principles the with and mative attended. well and notable the ment of on M.I.A. work A Genbyideals faith rightof Christian and feature of conference the eral also were Superintendent George Mor- Q. living.eous, purposeful

in the educational ris, meets teaching representing the Men's Young

The blessing and inspiration of and leadership methods conducted and Young Women's General

President Heber J. Grant at the on department levels. Boards.

opening general session prepared the The dance festival at Saltair ofMore than three thousand people way for the abundance of good and fered its usual unique spectacle with participated in the conference. Contrue and beautiful things that folhundreds of young couples particiservatively, fully ten thousand atlowed. pating on the floor, representing tended. It was a conference reflectTo single out any feature of the most of the stakes of the Church. ing past growth and indicating

conference for particular mention The fifteen charming and gifted Hagreater things yet to come in the would be to break up a wellbal- waiians who came from Oahu Stake, cause of carrying religion into all anced harmonious whole, in a proHonolulu, as M.I.A. representathe pursuits of life.

gram that carries religion into life. tives, graced that gathering with Some of the individual features

The general and departmental sestheir native dances and with the inof the conference will be commented sions crowded to overflowing the definable charm of their native upon at greater length in subsequent

Assembly Hall, the Tabernacle, Barmusic. issues.—R.L.E.

THE M. I. A. DANCE FESTIVAL JULIA DOYLE AND A GROUP OF HER HAWAIIAN COMPANIONS IN THE A GLIMPSE OF HAWAII AT THE

ROSE GARDENS AT THE UTAH STATE CAPITOL. M. I. A. DANCE FESTIVAL

foveLOti

left released to right: Colton, Don B. Top row,

President, States MissionEastern and Frank Evans, MISSION APPOINTMENTS German Mission President

President. (Seeincoming

story.) 375, for full1937, p. "The Improvement Era,"June, North Central States Mission Thomas E. McKay of Ogden Stake,

row, left to right: released Second Welker, Roy A. president of the *P\ A. Broadbent, president of appointed Utah, has been President; MissionGermanAustrian E. McKay, Thomas principal Stake and * Wasatchincoming President. Mission German of the created Mission newly all German

at City, the Seminary Heber Wasatch left row, to right: Wilford Third Richards, re- W. has succeed Welker who Roy A.leased Central North President, States Mission David and years, for past has to the fourteen Utah,

incoming President. Broadbent,A. president of the as served Germanpresident of appointed been the North

left right: row, Fourth to reKirkham, James M. Mission. President Philemon Austrian to succeed States Eastleased Central President, States Central Mission Mission Wiland William

incoming President.T. Tew, June, (See the presiding "Era,"over been has who M. Kelly Richards. ford W. full story.) for p. 375,1937, will the Mission SwissGerman now President the served has Broadbent left right: Fifth row, to Richards, released LeGrand SwissAustrian. the preside over States President, Mission MerrillSouthern and D. faithfully over a long and well ClayChurch

President. incomingson, (See the "Era,"June, 1937, period of years. He filled a mission President McKay has already filled for full story.) p. 375,

to the Southern States in 1898, served two missions to Germany. He has also

as bishop of the Heber Second Ward served as Sunday School Superintendfor twelve years. Nineteen years ago ent of Weber Stake, in the presidency

he became stake clerk and has adof Weber Stake, and finally as the vanced to second, first, and finally stake president of Weber Stake for the past president, which position he has held fifteen years.

for the past nine years. ( Concluded on page 45 1

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED APRIL 26—DEPARTED MAY 13, 1937

Left to right, first row: Genevieve Tanner, Ruby Carre!!, Delsa Paulsen, Vera Jewett, Martha Kruger,

Clara Brasher, Nada Jones.

Second row: Joe Mortensen, Elmer Tueller, Elwood Wilkins, Jay Christensen, Ruby Pate, Jesse Allen,

Kermit Redd, Erwin Bigelow.

Third row: Donald Bingham, Percy Asay, Joseph Stevens, Eliza Beus, Erna Boehme, Clarence Beckstrom,

Vaughn Spendlove.

Fourth row: Paxman Martin, Ersel Fagan, Joe DeLong, Burton Morgan, Donald Callister, Clair Stevens,

Owen Barton, Delbert Schiess.

Fifth row: Nephi Christensen, Evan Jackson, J. Richard Barnes, Kenneth Hansen, Lee Caldwell,

Jesse Smith, Travers Smith.

Sixth row: Ernest Whiting, Bro. J. Wyley Sessions, Director; Glen Longhurst, Lester Hansen.

Absent: Elders Paul E. Felt and Paul L. Badger.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

ARRIVED MAY 24—DEPARTED JUNE 10, 1937

Left to right, first row: Elwin Bushman, Karl Burdett, Ruth Hackwell, Mabel Jones, Ruth Lyon, Clara

Martinez, Mildred Murphy, Maurine Cook, Keith Read, George Babbatt.

Second row:.Donald Handy, Wm. Stoker, Pearl Larson, Edith Jamison, Florence Jones, Delva Yost,

Florence Reece, Carl Holm, Robert Tuckett.

Third row: Gustaf L. Larson, Glen M. Bird, Ben L. Whitney, Laree Allen, Nola Ulrich, Elsie Pattison,

Clarr Isakson, Alvin Roberts, Clayton Stout, Elwood Scoville.

Fourth row: Grant Layton, Orson Goddard, Edgar Monk, Dixie White, Helen Tew, Selma Whitehead,

John Livesey, Arthur A. Barnes, Alvin M. Anderson.

Fifth row: Raymond F. Jones, Elton E. Brown, Orlando McBride, Leon Elmer, Helen Bradshaw, Merline

Tew, Sheldon S. Dixon, Harold Kratzer, Woodrow C. Denmett, Grant A. Guyman.

Sixth row: Frank S. Petersen, Robert Manookin, Lamont Toronto, Donald L. Johnson, Norma Berry, Wade

H. Andrews, Jack E. Johnson, Albert F. Davis, Weldon Cragun.

Seventh row: J. Wyley Sessions, instructor; D. Gam Heaton, Kenneth Unsworth, L. Stans Christensen,

R. Earl Sorenson, Clarence S. Johnston, Jack A. Richards, Wayne K. Johnson, Joe W. Jensen, Knight B. Km.

Absent: Alexander Rosenvear, Mildred Whitlock, Violet Stevens, Paul Howells, Marian White.

NOCTURNE THE DESERT By Luacine Clark Fox By Cristel Hastings

trails aimlessly along wind night Forgotten moonlit ONTARIO LAKE SUNSET ON sage, desert half hidden by Through Is bloodless. A the sands is white...and chilled Everything Alice R. Rich By drift obliterating marks That in mounds, sharp. And

in these westguide-posts were That once starlight But gold red and lands. ern of utter spell silence, All magic a Lends

dips low sun The cast cacti their raise thorny and arms Gaunt ecstasy night's innermost Tracing silver expanse blue the Into like eerie, thing, grotesque shadow an A loveliness pinpoint In waves. shimmering, shadowy Of of hides sunsage-brush a mound And... the sky. Across

slightest breeze the even Not bleached bones

Disturbs the branch Out where low western winds their sad

ALLEGORY Of tree and shrub. dirge sing.

Serenely calm By Katherine Fernelius into the mirror lake Comes the soft sound of whispering at gaze They night height, trail to the that leads the silent admiration WithFollow furtive shifting of the yellow sand, stiff lash the that branches reflected beauty. The Bending Of their

unwary, Running in tiny ripples with the wind

Startiing the grouse to a drumming flight, Come near and share And molded by some unseen, phantom

Gathering haw and the wry chokecherry; The beauty of the scene; hand.

Then, with the foothills left behind, But come with quiet step The blue mirage of water trembles low

Fix your eye with a glance unswerving Lest you disturb Along horizons hazy with old dreams

Far on the glistening, snowcoiffed peak. The sacred lovely atmosphere A mocking cloud sails by in burning skies

Over steeps, the abyss unnerving, Of calm tranquillity Leaving an aching memory of streams.

Climb, though breath is a knife in the Where lake and sky embrace. A breathless dawn brings promise of a day

throat, Whose panting hours shall be marked with

Slowly climb, until checkered plains Twilight, pain

Undulate to where Enraptured And hills—remote thirst—and blinded eyes and aching sunset stains. evening the skyRim With the sight serene, heart,

on, mutely Looks bitter rain. of cooling memories And the bruised the thornStung by and by

to efface Loath silver the But dusk hangs beyond when stone, rare, This beauty stars trod, miles footsore with andWeary the to shades evening And pierce like desert the steady That gloom last, the atStand, on heights—aloneslow lends She eyes, God!With

lingering, lengthening chilling thing to brings A coldness the glance A heart RING FOR LIBERTY Of time and grace. wailing sound of a coyote's cries. The

By Helen Hinckley ""Ding, Grandpa, ring for liberty,"the DREAMER'S SOLILOQUY TRAIL BREAKERS *V boy's

Clear treble swung the Independence bell. By Fae Decker Dix By Clara Aiken Speer

the of noise change. It pealed song a Above that are of bold ever breed who in feelings These beating my breast! STRANGE it fell rolled, lust tyranny and andOf turn

I Desires not comprehend, do ears hearts the of man. andUpon to Their backs shamorning dawn; whose wilful, free, are so so and The They world fall dows reality separate of Life from So echoes. All vibrantRaised who'd known their course, the Beyond them while on it! living As I am the reign they crawl

their galling despots broke bonds, andOf hills, hostile stern weary, or over Up it rise Tonight, unbridled, as they were, hurled stupid plains; desert discern And eyes whose hesitation, fear calmly, or without And to the chain.Defiance the weld few who'd Mirages call under suns; noonday and it the Sever years took of Dreams web me

all heart that illusions soul and these To is silent. bell childish voice Freedom's weave!The To

Into reality turn. a fine must still. too, echoes,Is cracked and have The

We died.carry stones to build a citadel AndSever searit quietlythe bleedingwith one cooledgesstroke,o'er with TheirSunriseheadsbehindwiththemhalos,maybuthavetheydeckedcould not

Where wealth is power, where all are promises know.

We slavesare ourto ownpride.oppressors: greed, our ThatAnd leaveglitter mebrightwonderingin beads whyof trust,I do not YetWithwhenfacestheshiningeveningtowardnears the,theyvesperwalk glow.erect

king. grieve Restless within their veins the west winds

What bell of freedom shall our children For the broken, golden threads I spun run, ring? So seriously! They are the children of the setting sun.

The story of our

its classic place as a taken The Hymn—Hymns—of writings the Moramong

COMMENTING On Mormon hymnists. It is entitled

mon Hymnody, Louis "O Say, What is Truth?"

E. Benson, in The The music of the hymn was

English Hymn: Its Developcomposed by Ellen Knowles

ment and Use in Worship Melling, a Scottish convert (1915) says—of Elder Jaques. Jaques, the

"The Hymnody of Zion has son of Thomas and Mary played a great part in the upAnn Heighington Jaques, building of Mormonism as by its was born January 7, 1827, at virility enthusiasm and contagious fitted to do. It approMarket Bosworth, Leicesterit was well

priates the whole history of Israel shire, England. In his youth

and in enshrining historical occahe was a lover of truth, had sion resembles the Old Testament a religious trend and a latent

ItPsalter. naturally has been a talent for writing. He apart that of the fromhymnody

historic church from which it has searched for the truth with borrowed to some extent, and sincerity and earnestness, from which it does not differ so -far as the STRATFORDON-AVON and in this quest contacted the of usingmanner hymns in worship is conElders of the Church of Jesus Christ...cerned. "The Mormon Hymn Book is an exof Latterday Saints—the socalledception to the rule of dullness governing By GEORGE D. PYPER Mormon missionaries—and became

Itssectarian is interest in hymnody. not to their doctrines. converted He the Superintendent Des General of

familiarthe (e. of g. worship hymns 'Sweet in 1845. of baptized the fall was As First eret School Union and Sundayis the of King') God, Work, or My My misactive he an an Elder became Assistant Church Chairman (e. of theexperience in g. 'God a Moves Mysterious Way') though these take a new Music Committee sionary affiliated with the branch of

color from their surroundings.... The the Church at Stratfordupon-Avon,

Mormon history reads like a romance rathe? the home of the immortal Shakethan a reality, and the hymn book presents speare.

almost every phase important and marriage After his Mr. Jaquesthat history as embedded in contemporaneevent of TWO HYMNS BY

."to emigrated his family with Amer-.. or songs.ous hymns

JOHN JAQUES ica and joined the Saints in their

Two Latterday Saint hymns new found Zion. He crossed

which havenave aa greatgreat partpartwiuui playedpiayea in the packet ship Horithe ocean /? / Othe upbuilding and of Mormonism in Boston, zon, arrived Maswhich inin XXL &oftltf

* * {JDeamS/T") arewhich exceptionexception rule an to the sachusetts, 1856. 30, He June

of dullness governing sectarian arehymnody""Softly Beams the the Sacred LQawnmg crossedHandcartthecompany,plains within whichthe Martinmany

Sacred Dawning"and "O Say, MUSIC BY lives were lost in fierce snowstorms

What is Truth?"by an English in the Rockies. Elder Jaques's eldauthor. GEORGE CARELESS est daughter was among those who

perished before aid came. The little

"Softly Beams the Sacred band of survivors reached Salt Lake

Dawning."XXII. Say, City, November 30, 1856. "There- O after for a half century, John Jaques

beautiful distinctly hymn, A truly is "modernistic,""Softly Beams V(/hat cJ-s ofruth laboredfirmly believedincessantlywas inthethatcausewhichof huhe the Sacred Dawning". It was writpoetry and In redemption. man conMUSIC BYten by Jaques, an English John light of truth prose he reflected the

vert, and set to music by George ELLEN KNOWLES MELLING for the benefit of his fellows."

Careless. A brief sketch of the latElder Jaques was called upon to

ter 's life, with his picture, was pubcompare the restored Gospel to the return to England as a missionary lished in The Improvement Era for splendid rising of the sun, dispelling from 1869 to 1871. His appointJune, 1937. the mists with the heavenly fire. ments frequently took him to StratThis hymn comprises eight stanThe music which is in George Careford-uponAvon. On one occasion

zas. It presages the overcoming of less'best style, lends charm to the he sat there in an attractive nook,

spiritual darkness by the Gospel's author's poetic lines. lost in reverie, perhaps feeling the

rays of living light, and urges the influence of the great Shakespeare is Truth himself, pondering the words ofSaints to stand firm and to scorn the O Say, What trials of life. Five of the eight Among other hymns written by Pilate, when he asked the Master,

stanzas are metaphorical. They John Jaques is one which has "What is Truth?"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

SAY, WHAT IS TRUTH SOFTLY BEAMS THE O

SACRED DAWNING By John Jaques By John Jaques OSAY, what is truth? 'Tis the

fairest gem Softly beams the sacred dawning That the riches of worlds can proOf the great Millennial morn, duce;

And to Saints gives welcome warning And priceless the value of truth will

That the day is hasting on, be when

The proud monarch's costliest diadem

Splendid rising o'er the mountains, Is counted but dross and refuse.

Glowing with celestial cheer.

Streaming from eternal fountains, Yes, say, what is truth? 'Tis the

Rays of living light appear. brightest prize

aspire: mortals or which Gods can JOHN JAQUES To

it in the search depths where Swiftly flee the clouds of darkness, Go

Speedily the mists retire; glittering lies,

universal blackness Nature's fire. inspired him to write "O Say, What Or ascendskies; in pursuit to the loftiest Is consumed by heav'nly

is Truth?"which has a high place in 'Tis an aim for the noblest desire.

Yea, the fair sabbatic era. Latterday Saint hymnody.

When the world will be at rest, After Elder Jaques's return from The sceptre may fall from the despot's grasp, is nearer; drawing Rapidly in the his mission, he was employed with winds of stern justice he Israel will be Then all in When blest. office of the Deseret News, then copes;

Odors sweet the air perfuming, the Church Historian's office. From But the pillar of truth will endure to

Verdure of the purest green; 1883 to June 1, 1900, the date of his the last,

its firm rooted bulwarks outstand In beaming, primeval beauty death, he was sustained as Assistant And blast. the rude earth our native Will be seen. Historian. Church the of the fell tyrant's wreck And

At the resurrection morning, Elder Jaques was a unique perhopes.

We shall all appear as one; sonality. Before he came to Amersay, is truth? 'Tis what the of bright adorning robes ica experience O what he Then, which had an he

first, last the and righteous then put on! the Will his forgot never which reveals and limits of For the time o'er: it steps

None have seen the untold treasures character. One day a young man, a Though the heavens depart, and the

Which the Father hath in store, stranger, came up to him on the earth's fountains burst,

Teeming with surpassing pleasures. street and asked for alms. Jaques Truth, the sum of existence, will

Even life forevermore. refused. The very next morning Eternal,weatherunchanged,the worst,evermore.

Mourn no longer, Saints beloved, he read in the paper of a death,

Brave the dangers, no retreat; which he immediately suspected

Neither let your hearts be moved, was the beggar. He went to the

Scorn the trials you may meet. morgue, to see if his suspicion afterwards did he refuse to give a

was correct. It was. There lay the fellow a coin. It eased his conyouth, still in death. Jaques was science.

deeply moved. (For detailed biography of John question, has thought, That he lived, as that, as After long he he Jaques see Jenson's Biographical the ages. through Truthcome down in his carried vest always pocket Encyclopedia.is it is tiny within a word. Yet silver. It enseveral pieces sixof was

compassed the very foundation of penny coins in England and ten cent the universe. In a figurative sense, pieces in the United States. Never The Spirit of Truth

those five letters stand as the supJesus said: "And I will pray the Father,

porting pillars of the bridge of exand He shall give you another Comforter, perience, across which only mankind that he may abide with you forever; even

the Spirit of for Truth him... ye know fullness enter of earthly into themay

dwelleth he with shall you; in you."and be ofexistence reach the portals and he, the Spirit of Truth is come, he When

that higher intelligence which leads, will guide you into all truth."John 14:16,

in our belief, to eternal life and hap17; 16:13; Doctrine and Covenants 6:15;

piness. Truth, the key to knowl91:4.

edge, its quest, the noblest desire "For the Word of the Lord is Truth."

of man, underlies all our progress Doctrine and Covenants 84:45.

our civilization. In a religious and"I Covenants,am the Spirit93:26.of Truth."Doctrine

it issense, the everlasting to way is "Truth of things knowledge as they life.everlasting explaIt offers an are, they and as as they were, and are

nation to the deep riddle of our become."Doctrine and Covenants, 93:24. to

ing—the past, the present, and the "He that keepeth his commandments rehereafter. And thus meditating ceiveth truth and light, until he is glorified

upon the faith he had espoused, his in truth and knoweth all things."Doctrine

surroundings brought to mind the and Covenants, 93:28.

lines of Shakespeare, "It is all as true as it is strange, nay, it is ten times Note: The words to "Softly Beams the

ten times true, for truth is truth to L.SacredD. S.Dawning"hymn bookhave editionsappearedunderin manythe

the end of reckoning."It was no name "Harvey L. Birch"which was John

doubt such thoughts as these that Jaqiies'pen name.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C JOSEPHSON

The Stylist Speaks: wrinkle out of your brow and put During the hot middays when it

indoors rest all to advisable an extra ounce is for brain—and

stirring the A summer of ribbons, ribbons, and itof inbloodyour into for of your heart. a time, read some still more ribbons—with a gay tales of the Book of Mormon.

Josephcoat-ofmany-colors effects in hats, boleros, and even palms of The Mother Speaks:

gloves! Then when milady wishes \\7hy not build an outdoor fireHere's another good book to read:

horror, her up in handsto throw this closer place get and summer of the Sky the Under Tent picture pretty the sheimagine children the will to your nature and by Illustrated (Selected Brewton, by J. E. let this for yourmake. summer, So easy, informal supper prepared Macmillan Robert Lawson, Comin by

slogan be "Whenever in doubt, try your own yard? Grille your steaks, pany, New York, 205 pages. $2.00.)

a ribbon."boil corn, your mix a raw vegetable

pets ordinary family from Animals, salad, familiar and see how you can ** animals, nevernever to fantastic the people with become make who of this the pages range cotton through book the king for sumCrown feel household. you up your When and in the new poems written by old cleanly, cotton Sensible,mer. gay

will be worn on all occasions from particularly expansive, ask the authors. Mothers will find that the

their children in to neighbors and interest reading will extend even into Cinderellakitchen to ballroom—for fun. help with your adult scope. the fun posand queen. Think of the

section of the Listen headto somesible a small on allowance—enough that the will agree and you Under todresses to advantage your ings show

of guardians ever the are Mothers is those of books Tent one the Sky of different attractionsseveral occaon spirits of the well the as as bodies child's that in should every be home:sions. to bring dresses out Enough

I their that children. to the take Circus Cavalcade, you Went Down When small occablue eyes oneJoan's on in Circus or Animals Zoo, slip Seen Never or night Bible canyon, a up the

hairsion her another auburn and on Store, In FairyZoo, Animal The into Doctrine a your Covenants and is spice If varietygreater the one. Little Playmates, Wings, fallland, is twilight just as bags. Then

life, in variable cottonof be many in the Folks C. J. ing, inspiring Grass.—M.Singing that Eighth read

dresses. Psalm and thrill with it to man's So here's to a completely satisfydestiny, or that peaceful First ing summer.

The Housekeeper Speaks: Psalm or the challenging Fifteenth

Psalm. Let the children and yourCo you can't take a trip this sumselves become permeated with the How would you like to take this

mer? Well, then, how's for ecstasy and grandeur of that greattested Ghirardelli cake with you on

changing the disposition of your est of all books, the Bible. Read one of your camping trips?

home? Take from the walls all but the majestic prophecies of the DocMint Chocolate Log

pictures; or very trine realizeone two summery and Covenants and roll this 12 than minutes Less puts

all in or trunk boxes yourbury that the with loved the your ones Crethe cool, oven. oldfash- Whenlittle still pretty things which, although ator loves over and watches sticks, His ionedin peppermint ground,

at, timeto look children. paand mean much filling the the of form base topand

tience to keep in order. Cover the ping:

light prints. gala,furniture with

1 tsp. cup sugar baking pwdr. % soil easily? if they doWhat eggs, tsp. salt They 5 separated 34

can be laundered and whipped dry 1 tsp. vanilla 1 cup Ghirardelli's

in the wind and sun in a very short H cup Drifted Ground Chocotime, pressed, and put back on the Snow "Homelate chairs. Perfected"Flour

Fold sugar gradually into stiffly beaten egg whites. Beat egg yolks

The Vacationist Speaks: and vanilla until stiff and lemon colored and fold into egg white merin-

|M[ow don't be too sure that you s<x; gue. Sift flour measure and sift again

this can't that vacation have if one, only for Plansummer. an "IN A MIST OF GREEN"andthreeGhirardelli'stimes with bakingGroundpowder,Chocolate.salt

overnight stop in the nearest canyon. By Sol Ein Fold gently into egg mixture. Pour

scene the for even a nightChange it will find difference theand make INTheA misthappyof greenbirds thego singinggardens by;lie; linedinto awithshallowgreasedpanpaper13 xand9 bakeinches,in

in your perspective. You might The sweetbreathed hyacinth is up; a hot oven, 400, for 15 minutes.

even learn to appreciate Johnny's The tulip lifts a painted cup. Turn out on damp cloth, roll and let

pillbugs,interest in toads, and, until cool. stand Unroll, spread with

farmer whistles at his plough, if Thew-e-1-1, perhaps, snakes. FillWhat Peppermint Whipped Cream a tasseled bough, shows The maple

you do get a crick in your back and The swarming elmbuds are uncurled, ing, reroll and ice with Peppermint a catch in your leg? You'll take a For God has breathed upon His world. Glaze, Eight servings.

Exploring the Universe 'T'here are approximately fifty miles of By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

A silk in a silk stocking.

4"A dose of salts for insects."Tests nownary available.cement is Theapparentlygray colordueoftoordithe eachmeansindividualof wax moldseye. Thiswhichis givedone theby

** have shown that Epsom salts can presence of iron. exact shape of the eye for which lenses

be used as a bait instead of arsenic in can be ground.

controlling the grasshopper and other /ollege freshmen are taller, heavier, insects. Used as a spray on vegetables and younger than twenty years T Tltraviolet light is becoming an

yet fruits it to animals is harmless found ago. Several years Harvardand ago *"* effective disease against weapon

for its poison at effective rate as arsenic as theas of an students a growing quartz decay. Using a mercury and

insects. century. see thirdthe of inch every a To that he announced a biologist lamp

if class"this true with "middle were influenzacausing organism destroys Cincinnati of University Americans, it ferfloats air. Living the through as

1935studied. records Comparing were flu, rets get the dependnot or did did

to 1916, one and threewere men 36 air to the exposed whether on was threequarters quarters of ing and women light. ultraviolet of mold on Growth

taller in 1935. inch an pasbread, products, meat, and food +

/*ats can see at night in only onetry is prevented by exposure to special these meat lamps. Using lamps in

light necesof the amount fourth it is to not necessary have showcases, dicat's eye. for the sary human The

lated pupil is twice as large as the hulow temperatures.

man eye, letting in more light.

+ 1V7[an has finally been able to make to *"'* be sounds used Cuperhigh that may ocsubstance radioactive aHThe *"* boil heating. soft Simithe without of eggs nature. is one in curs Radium E * extrafat mustweight.payWhenin caloriesextraforweighttheir larly disease be germs can in some weakof the decay intermediate products

is in the of fat, energy form added more sterilized, killed, or milk be can by five ened halflife only of having radium, a is proheat the used and more body by pitched treating sounds. these high with poloninto breaking before days down

inin direct to the proportionduced that Intense heard can be have sounds lead. to the becoming ium, on way

fatter in the hotweight.crease "The in other experiments, to made, been conversion bomby made was The

ter. light liquids. different in 14 produce bullets deutron barding with bismuth——nuclei the of double obtained from feet should cold from clothing re- "\7"isible laundry on marks water, which hydrogen in heavy weight coffee, drinking accordfromCufferersfrain launeliminated. "can be The now a pint. costs $600

ing skin to facts disclosed recent by is ink with an invisible dry marked becomes visible under ultraviolettemperature tests. which> "VTerves give their commands to light.pviDENCE that there have been cli- *"muscles by chemical messengers.

'L# matic changes within historic times T Tnsuccessful in finding a means of Each time a thought commands ceris found in Greenland. For several cen- *** removing lampblack inks from tain nerves in the body to move a

turies there was prosperous dairy farmnewspapers and magazines so they muscle, the nerve releases an infinitesing in regions where today it is imcould be used again, German chemists imal amount of acetylcholine or adrenpossible to grow winter feed for cattle. have developed a bleachable ink which aline which gives the order to the

The Old Norse colonists were buried may be adopted by the entire German muscle. The amount for each spurt

in soil now perpetually frozen. Roots, printing industry. of acetylcholine is so small that it takes

which cannot grow in frozen soil, are 4 about fifteen naughts to the right of the found its unlike to meaning huto reach light point ed decimal a figure to exthroughout the ground. T3

* A- quantity the in ounces. press for go, plants while mans, means

sip their drinks birdsTJumming +——plants stop. blue proved means Wheat

tongues. strawlike A through The light different colors of given this when

tongue the dioxide they carbon amount of consists of.a hollow tube. and>

1 etmeasured. with Other used work

has been age chewing gumCtone that chlorophyll, the green found distuce *** in in a peat Europe. covered bog in coloring the plants, absorbs matter

The lumps of balsam were found assosame radiation as that most effective ciated with bone and stone weapons. in getting seeds to grow, showing that

The peat also preserved fishing nets sunlight acts on seeds through chlomade of lime tree fibers with floats rophyll. -L

made of birch bark. -*

- the that have shown Experiments tests of years in South two A fter eating apples green difficulty fromTn a study of ocean currents 6,000 ** of miles Carolina, cotton roads 500 drift bottles to at are released sea be not green but are they because comes sheetconstructed. been Cotton have

in will bottle Pacific the Ocean. Each are because enough. they not chewed is asphalt saturated hot ing with and

it statingcontain a paper where was of cool, another to then coat allowed is its bait of instead 1V[oonlight used requesting overboard anddropped is laid rolled asphalt sand on and onreturn. fishing in in China. and hook Cais the the surface top of road. This+ are noes varnished equipped white with

for outlet cotton the crop and a new vitamin reported has been "P"new A sloping side of boards the the from cost of the cuts maintenance. highway* It in discovered appears bright, Hungary. into the water. calm, canoe On

to be closely related to vitamin C and moonlight nights the canoe is swung is also found in lemons and paprika. /ontact lenses can now be fitted out in the river across the line of the

* directly onto the eyeball. Made of advancing fish. The fish mistaking the

"Dure white cement to which any delithin glass shells and almost invisible glistening board for moonlighted wacate tone or tint can be given is when in place they must be fitted to ter leap onto it, then into the boat.

An American records some impressions of—

London By JOSEPH J. CANNON

President of the British Mission

why your people proselyte here in He stated that he had never been

England?"at one of our meetings.

"To teach the Gospel of Jesus "You might listen to them the

Christ."next time you have a chance. You

He was more interested in our know your statesmen were quite system than our doctrines. willing to listen to Senator Reed

"How many missionaries do you Smoot a few years ago, when he have here in the British Isles?"he was chairman of the Senate Finance

asked. committee and member of the Debt

"More than a hundred—nearly Funding commission. He preached

all from the United States but three on the streets of Liverpool. They

from Ireland. They pay their own might consider it worthwhile right

expenses and receive no salary. now to know the opinions of Senator

Consequently they are no expense William H. King, who ranks high

to the English people. Instead they in the foreign relations committee

I went ten out, spend thousand pounds in this of the Senate at a vote and whose annually."country critical relacold, sir."hour might determineThe"It'sdoormanturned saidbitterlyas

During the thousand times I "They must be rich."tions between these two countries.

have gone by him, his unfailing "Both rich and poor. In my office As a youth Senator King preached

is on the streets of London. And yourweather reports have been "Nawsty is a young man whose father

die under foot, sir,""Beautiful vicepresident of the American financiers would probably be interweather, sir,""Fearfully hot, sir,"Bankers'Association, and alongside ested in the views of Mr. Marriner

is S. Eccles, whom President Rooseor some such stirring comment, in works the son of a widow who

a climate where snow rarely falls, sending half her salary to keep her velt recently reappointed Governor rains are gentle, and the temperature boy on a mission."of the Federal Reserve System. He

seldom goes below freezing in the "Have these young men all bepreached on the streets of Glaswinter or above eightyfive degrees come ministers?"gow."

in the summer. "Temporarily, not professionally, "I am going to read this edition

A penny ride on the Underforhomestheirandonlyorganizationspreparation issuchin theiras ofmarked.Brigham Young's life,"he reground brought me quickly to the Sunday School and the Mutual ImStrand, into the heart of the greatest provement Association. Don't you ()UT ON the street again, I made

city in the world. A Bobby told me think it is a pretty selfconfident my way from Paternoster Row,

to take Bus 9 or 1 1 to Saint Paul's. Church that will send into the world past the ancient green pump in St.

Going past the statue of the wellhundreds of its untrained youth Paul's churchyard, along Ludgate nourished Queen Anne, I found my every year to meet all kinds of reHill, and into Fleet Street. It was

way to Paternoster Row. This ligious and antireligious thought?"growing dusk and the lights were

winding thoroughfare has a wide "Don't they get converted to anmaking mysterious old "Lunnenreputation, but little width between other faith sometimes?"town"even more charming.

its walls. "I have never known of a single At Rhodesia House I stopped at

My errand was to Jarrolds, Pubcase. And isn't such sacrifice a the windows to look at the chrome

lishers Ltd., founded in 1770. The convincing sign of spiritual vitality?"and asbestos ore samples and other

address was Paternoster House, but He agreed. products of that African colony. It

the name did not appear on the list "America and England may have had the air of a western chamber of of occupants. However, the boy on to stand for the peace of the world. commerce. I wandered past the ofthe lift agreed to show me where I Isn't it a rather fine thing for thoufices of the great newspapers, to

could find the firm, provided I had sands of young men from different where Fleet street ends and the an appointment, and at length I was parts of America to be here among Strand begins. Fleet Street runs

shown into the manager's office. The you learning your ways, becoming into the Strand without a break exChurch wishes a second edition of impressed with the strength of your cept for the change of name, charthe biography of Brigham Young, civilization, forming personal friendacteristic of London streets. A

and the visit was to settle details. ships, and developing a genuine afchurch splits the thoroughfare like

After the business was over, the fection for the Mother country? Did a little island in a river.

pleasant head of the firm said, "Mr. you ever hear these young men I watched the people as they

Cannon, do you mind my asking just speak on the street?"(Concluded on page 451)

Compensation By MYRTLE WENTWORTH

A whistle 'ob's was B.

his feelto barometer alSHORT amazement,"Spanish onions!""Who wouldshe repeatedwant fiveinways a definite

ings. True, it was invariably slightSHORT acres of onions?"

if I hope to off his spirits soarly key, but were high,ing the whistle very STORY find"I out,"don'theknowsaid yet,cheerfully.but a was

chirpy one that filled the wide open "I'm not so sure myself that that's spaces. Even when he was down- a wise choice,"Mr. Patterson intercast he whistled, but under such cirposed. "I don't know of anybody

cumstances he chose a doleful melthat is going in much for raising onody and dragged it out into someone to take the cut. You're young ions these days."

thing resembling a low, mournful and a year out of school right now "All the more reason why I wail. won't make any great difference. should, it seems to me,"Bob answerWhen he came up the steps, thereYou can either come into the shop ed.

fore, making a gallant attempt to rewith me or take that five acre field produce 'Chiribiribim,'his young sisout in Varney and raise something ter Patty met him at the door with, on it. You have to learn to take When school was out

"Hello, Little Sunshine, what's hapthese things as they come, you and he could settle down in earnest pened? Did Martha Penrose let you know."to his "farm", he began to take somecarry her books home from school, or Bob swallowed hard and said, thing akin to pleasure in working out

did Doc. Pyle let you off with a C "It's all right, Dad,"and hurried upthere. The onion tops were such a

instead of a D?"stairs. beautiful delicate green and they

"Neither one, bright child,"Bob He flung himself down on his bed responded so gratefully when he returned, expertly flinging his cap to and stared up at the ceiling. "One cleared away the weeds or gave

a hook on the old fashioned hall tree. year out of school won't make any them a good watering. It was differ-

"I've just been elected president of difference."Why, it would make all ent again though, when fall brought

the Society for the Suppression of the difference in the world. Martha around the time for the opening of

Foolish Questions by High School and all the others would graduate school.

Girls."Before Patty could think of without him and he'd feel like a lost The first real satisfaction of the

a suitable comeback he had disapsheep going back again. Ross Evans entire affair came when the onions

peared upstairs to his room. would be president of the senior turned out to be, apparently, the

Not for anything in the world class. If he went into his father's very best thing he could have plantwould he have let Patty know that shop, he would have the doubtful ed. The market was exceedingly

his exuberance was due to the fact pleasure of servicing the cars for the good and he realized a fine profit on that he had been nominated for the lucky guys who were taking the girls his venture. He deposited his earnpresidency of the senior class for to the school parties. ings in the savings bank during late

next year. The fellows had assured He began to think resentfully of autumn, remarking to himself,

him that he would win and the post Bert's mission. Was it really worth "There you are. Now, I'd like to see

was a highly coveted honor. all the sacrifices the family were anyone keep me out of school next

He had tuned his whistle down to making? His mother going without year."

'Coming Through the Rye"when he new clothes, the family driving a It was late spring when Bert rewent down an hour later to join the four year old car, and now his own turned home. Quite a different Bert

family at the evening meal. Even college year gone into the discard? from the shy boy who had left more

that came to an abrupt end when his He wasn't in the least sure that it than two years before. He had acfather said, "I'd like to see you in was. quired a new ease of manner, a more

the living room after dinner, RobHe elected to go out on the five interesting personality and—at least,

ert. acre plot for the summer rather than so he claimed, he had grown an inch

James Patterson never called his work in his father's shop. He hoped taller.

children by their given names unless that perhaps the open fields and The night of his arrival, after he he had something rather serious upfresh air would help to get some of and Bob had crawled into their beds on his mind. But Bob was not unthe resentment out of his soul, which in the room they shared, Bert said

duly disturbed. When he faced his persisted in rankling there in spite of in a voice tingling with excitement,

father in the living room a half hour his father's friendly pats on the "I've got a surprise for you—a grand

later, he was quite unprepared for shoulder and his mother's whispered, one. Just before I left, the Presithe announcement! "We'll make it up to you some day."dent let me take a Mr. Sommers,

"I'm sorry to have to tell you this, "What are you going to raise out who was visiting England, on a tour son, but I'm not going to be able to there, besides weeds?"Patty asked of the country. He rather liked me

let you go on to school next year. when Bob began to make trips after and has offered me a good job in his

I've got to replace considerable school and on Saturdays to his 'digcompany. I know that you gave up

equipment in the shop and I can't gings.'your school to help see me through

manage both your college and Bert's "I had considered peonies or peand now I'm going to be able to pay mission. Of course, there's no questunias,"he answered seriously, "but it back with interest."

tion of Bert coming home before his I've finally come down to Spanish Bob lay still for a moment and time is up, so you'll have to be the onions."(Concluded on page 455)

44t Making friends WITH FLEET STREET

hesitatingly to the from imposing "London News its wayFinding By EARGLE during Photo Agency,"which we St. Paul's like the Cathedral,

into the admitted of were presence it river for old which was C HARMSEN director. the

activity. it bustles withnamed, HurFormerly of the British

excited the were all next day Werying taxicabs and leap from men Mission dash into offices. Through open when the Daily Mirror, England's

windows rises the clatter of typepremier picture newspaper (circuwriter and telegraph keys. From "pLDER EARGLE C. HARMSEN, lation 1,000,000), devoted almost

the depths of the larger buildings recently returned from the half a page to a picture of Elder J.

comes the reverberating roar of cylBritish Mission, is one of many Ridge Hicks in his Indian costume, inder presses. Newsboys swiftly missionaries whose efforts to with a short explanation of what he

weave through honking traffic. make friends with Fleet Street was doing.

There is an inky tang in the air. have resulted sometimes in Our visits became more frequent.

That is London's Fleet Street abuse, sometimes in indifferIt was during one of these visits that nerve center of the newspaper ence, sometimes in fair treat- a friendship was formed with the world! ment. But during recent years Hon. Hugh D. Mcintosh, J. P.,

Here there is a strange mixture of Fleet Street, in common with owner of a chain of Milk Bars.

the old and new. Fleet Street itthe press in other lands, has Generous to a fault, he has done

self is almost entirely modern, but been inclined to deal fairly and much to help us obtain favorable the many quaintly named courts and even generously with the Morpublicity. It was through his efby-ways on each side speak of oldmon question. Here is a brief forts that the picture of our baseen days. Here, in these ancient account of some of the more ball team was seen by over a milQueen Anne and Georgian houses, recent courtesies extended the lion people. One clipping was relived many of England's greatest missionaries of the Church in turned from as far as Lahore, Inwriters. Hidden in the shadow of old Londontown and its mighty dia, where the Civil and Military

the palatial home of the Daily Teleprovinces. Gazette published a picture of the

graph is the Cheshire Cheese Tavteam with an identifying caption.

visit to produce seemed Each new associated withern, always Johnfeeling experienced queer The visit result friends. the of a one As Goldsmith.son and Hundreds first "street that looking of upon down paper powerful Dispatch, a Sunday visit this old annually

is forgotten. ink,"of never to be circulation, published of 1,000,000 the with gracedhostelry—stillAmericans first to see one wonders At whom detailed concerning story a Ab simplicitychaste benchof wooden visit to do. led us what and One racing Jenkins, famous Mormon its fartryes sanded and floors—to

famed beefsteak puddings. Within driver. It was another step toward

a stone's throw lived Milton, the getting on the right side of Fleet blind poet. Close at hand rises the Street.

steeple of St. Bride's Church. In It was as a result of the favorthe central aisle of this antiquated able notices given us in the press

building is the tombstone of Samuel that we were able to place an exRichardson. Here, too, was buried hibit of the cups won by our baseRichard Lovelace, author of "Stone ball team in the windows of SpalWalls do not a Prison Make."In ding's, Ltd., huge sporting concern,

the church register of christenings and Selfridge's, England's largest is that of Samuel Pepys, the notdepartment store. For ten days

able columnist. Here are many each display was in the windows of

shrines dear to all lovers of literthese two stores. The manager oi

ature. Spalding's estimated that 5,000 peoMy first visit to Fleet Street was ple a day stopped and looked. The

in June, 1935. I had been assigned manager of the sporting goods deto make arrangements for a public partment of Selfridge's, when thankprogram two of the Elders were giving us for the display, said that at

ing. Naturally, in order to get lisleast 20,000 people stopped and

teners, we decided that it should belooked in that window every day.

come known. Someone rather jokAnother visit paid more dividends.

ingly suggested that we try one of Two of England's largest papers the big national dailies. We took the next day ran pictures of one of

them seriously. A MISSIONARY'S SNAPSHOT OF FLEET STREET our Elders, with the caption: "A

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

member of the Latterday Saint "More than 100 Mormon missionaries are main Their in Britain big campaign. on a fromteam the facts reto contrast impression old is the to destroy purpose New London takes a IN atturn bat."polygamy, with linked in the lated accompanying Mormonism which

their attention to serious to encourage and article, President Heber J. DisBirmingham Evening The

.. for missionaries up faith. save. Some before the InGrant, speaking the largest eveningpatch, paper in can that they Salt City so in years Lake

Midlands, carried a story about us. stitute of Human Relations, have the great privilege of representing the

It read in part: "... the winners held in Estes Park, Colorado, Church."—Sunday Pictorial.

the 7 to 12, 1936, made a August theof have London, final, New These are from the larger naconcern- following statement entirely Latterofteam composed day Saint missionaries, their club ing his experience with the tional papers, ranging in circulation being sponsored by that Church. All British Press, during his presifrom 1,000,000 to 2,000,000. From

are teetotalers and nonsmokers."dency over the European Misnewspapers throughout the provsions, from January 1, 1904 to inces, whose circulation numbers

It is only natural that personal December 1, 1906: from 25,000 to 300,000, favorable

friendships should come as a reRecently I was reading from notice is also forthcoming:

sult of these visits. Many nights Phil Robinson's book, Sinners and

have been spent in the company of Saints,during thewhichthreeremindedyears thatme I wasthat tea"Noor coffee."—Mormon Yorkshiresmokes, drinks,Post. or tastes

listeningnewspapermen of the to them rein as President England Euin almost have missions Mormons "The experiences,count their thrilling Missions, I never ropean and British of the world, and all countries the civilized and they in turn were told of our succeeded in getting into the newsin the Birmingham district are eight lying in refutation of one line.. acgreat been branches. There has for. papers it stands and whatChurch

things publishthat were and wicked... the contivity at Kidderminster. where journalists are readtheseMany of us, too of them ed regarding some in months."recent doubled gregation has

ing Church works, acquainting filthy to be mentioned. -Birmingham Gazette.

letter to of with a I went London vitality the our ofthemselves with all parts Yorkshire of from "Mormons firm shipping introduction from a their for anvisit will tomorrow Bradfordorganization. for business with done had we whom is expected conference, which nual autumn fifty for years, vouching honesty my gathering have single they largest the to be integrity, for the honesty and and and more became Street FleetAs Telegraph. in held the city."—Bradford preintegrity of every had who man familiar us, to so we became their of helphave own way "Mormons of the sided Mission over European

more familiar to it. It was quite a the Church during the previous fifty ing the unemployed and needy,"the Elder

thrill when sitting in a ringside seat years, and the assistant editor of the said. "On the first Sunday of every month

the strict they exercise money fast—and a refused publish anything. to paper of guests theat Stadium, Wembley special to Western fund."—goes a saved I told editor the that was was When accosted Mcintosh, to beMr. by Independent. editor, in, assistant the Mr. Sunday not but

one of England's premier writers Robinson, would receive me, I had a "Let us hope that readers will no longer with "Hello, there, old man."Then thought, which I later used. look upon the Mormons as decadent minto the man sitting next to me: "Mind After he dismissed me I went to isters luring women to a shameful life in

swapping me seats? I'd like to sit the"stovepipe"door, andhat tookoff, turnedmy twostoryaround, bandSalt Lakeof youngCity. men,Theyanxiousare a cleanlivingto convert

by my friend here."and pretended to have an idea, which Gentiles into Godfearing members of a

That friendship belongs to the Robinson,idea I had thewhenassistantI was editor,told thatwouldMr. pioneerreward ofchurch.any sort."'—LiverpoolAnd they do it Eveningwithout

Church. The newspapers of Engreceive me. Express.

land, during recent times, have de- I said: "By the way; my letter

are to the only not you; you to was inchesvoted thousands of column but newspapers, the only KTot I think editor, assistant and the boy favorable accounts Church of our the recognized magazines, have is said Robinson."your name

its activities.and said: name.""That the In true values of Church. is my our He

Excerpts from a few of leading I said: "Do you know Phil RobNovember 23rd issue ( 1 935 ) of

English papers will show the fairinson?""Do I know Phil Robinson? EveryPearson's Weekly, a magazine with

ness with which they are now dealbody knows Phil Robinson."a circulation of 141,000, appeared

ing with our Church. From the "Was he the correspondent of the an article that gave the real story of

during Daily Telegraph LondonStar, readers. to its of London's "big three"one the Mormonism We greatest of the two one Boer War,

it. illustrate to papers:evening lent them pictures I emphasized newspapers—"and

"... the Mormons regard the Bible as greatest, because his was not one of In return they printed what could

one of their standard works. In addition the greatest—"in all London?"almost be used as a tract. Excerpts

to the Book of Mormon, they read an in- "He was."from it read:

spired work called, The Pearl o} Great "Would you believe anything he

Price.... There are still lots and lots of said?""The explanation of the Mormon code of

people waiting to be converted in England.""Anything on earth."health and purity must be sought in the

"Buy his book, Sinners and Saints cardinal belief of their religion, that this life find will that everything and life you to is you for come. the preparation merely a read: excerpts Other is a published in your have paPer is in stage merely man's earth "Life a on lie."dirty "... lot to off cart are of here not a perfection. eternal journey Betowards Phil In book, Sinners Robinson's It's ridiculous. to Utah. Polygamywomen spirit in fore birth awaitworld, a he dwells is Saints, at the that he he and says forty died ago."years out Mirror. Daily earth to to ing the of summons come God find to of defiance single a any man

... fruit athletics, eat tried practise improved. "All and be and Mormons exception, written book, with one on

in perfect bodily condition."—and keep is hell in "There no fireand-brimstone that is not question the Mormon

Chronicle....News theology. the Mormon untrue, practically absolutely because

"Mormons make ideal husbands... His all the books on that subject were "Though baptism plays an important part

creed demands perfect fitness. He does not written by enemies of our people, and in Mormonism, they do not believe in the

drink, he does not smoke."—Daily Sketch. are unfair. baptism of infants. Children must reach

"Thirtytwo very young, very handsome, In the book to which I refer, Mr. an age when they can understand and accept

and very enthusiastic men have arrived in Robinson gives the Mormons a fine the teaching of the Church before they

Britain to convert the country to Mormoncertificate of character.... can be baptized."

ism."-Sunday Chronicle. {Concluded on page 463)

A Century of "Mormonism"in It is fitting that this book should apflects the dynamic and magnetic perGreat Britain pear at the time of the celebration of sonality of the author.

introduction of the latterday Gos- (Richard L. Evans, Deseret News the A. officers and teachers, M. I. M Britain pel one hundred into GreatPress.) Seniors, Gleaners, and Adults Men,

A. XV. will profit greatly by reading the book.'T'he Church has always kept unyears ago.—/.

Assistant SuperPeterson, E.—Arthur hisof records complete * usually Life Faces Student The Disintendent Schools in the Jordan of few produced events, but hastorical Knopf, (Carl Sumner The Judson trict. "I reading. have forhistories popular 1932. Philadelphia, Press, 222 pages.

too history; to write time I amno busy $1.00.) Something of Myself is reported it,"Young Brighammaking

to have said. That was the necessary '"Phis book is a series of addresses (Rudyard Kipling, Doubleday, Doran

attitude of the Church in its early days. * which the author delivered to the and Company, New York, 1937.

However, through written history the students of the University of Redlands, 252 pages. $2.50.)

achievements of the past are honored California, in the spring of 1931. The "\17rra the passing of Rudyard Kipand later generations informed of the lectures were so effective and timely * Y ling in 1936, the world lost a

glory of their fathers. Therefore, an that Dr. Knopf was prevailed upon to curious literary figure. Phenomenally

the to service valuableunusually in form. publish book them years, his prosuccessful in early he Elder rendered by been has isChurch encourage to author's objective The In libitum. literature almost ad duced this in volume L. Evans,Richard who their face to and young men women fell inexyears, into later his an he accurate account popular, given ahas fearlessly, life frankly and problems silence silence. that plicable From in activities Great the the Church ofof confidence greater to give a them and this not, explaining however, it—comes hisis It of chapterBritain. Church a Chrisprinciples of in the and God telling delightvolume, posthumous in importance and totory second none the of tianity. closing statement The fully means, not any byinterest. something—but significant: is particularly Preface Kipling. Rudyard everything—about the author, the the of book In words

life insight into of the and mind The universal not expect author does The activities of brief theis summary "a this in enwriting given call if a will little book this man but agreement, volume Latterof Christ of Jesus the Churchof is facts to certain neglected attention the riches reader. and the But book in with Saints Kingdom, the Unitedday

it if assists in points doing of so view, and Kipling's reticent percuriously about its introduction hunone onemphasis find in to deeper and a men God women life. that learn sonal he had do it is fact, We clear- a In years ago."dred it in vain. sense, then has not been girls children: three boy, and a two effort of of century story a Gospelcut

in Great Britain, which brings into There are eight chapters, each a but we learn very little about them.

prominence the events of importance. treatise on the most perplexing religious Of course, the title after all is SomeMuch wisdom has been shown in using problems facing youth. The reader is thing of Myself and that therefore

the available historical data according brought face to face with controversial should not lead us to expect too much to relative values. issues between science and religion about the author's family.

The book is brimful of interest. It which many times have given him a Americans will be happy to learn that

has the fascination of a novel. Every feeling of insecurity in a religious conit was while in Maine, Kipling first

chapter stirs in the reader a desire for cept of life, but the author leaves him conceived the Mowgli story, which noble action. The events chronicled are with an interpretation which contribgrew into his famous Jungle Books.faithpromoting. Figures of the past beutes to a greater feeling of personal Kipling is always worth reading—and

come, as it were, living men and womsatisfaction and security. The message this book is especially worthwhile.en: Heber C. Kimball and his comis obvious:—M. C. /.

first of party; the missionarypanions

taught, be can he who He who misthe second andBrigham Young People's King bears The spiritual goodwill, seeks advancehe who group;sionary Wilford Woodruff Buchan, Houghton, Mifflin (John price, the in ment, courageously he pays who

the Potteries and among the United is becoming more Godlike. Happiness is Company, New York, 1935, $2.75.)

Brethren; John Taylor in Liverpool, not an objective in life, but a byproduct

in Isle Ireland; of living. the and Orof suchon Man, present at GovernorBuchan, John in in Scotland; Pratt Jonesson Dan officially of General Canada, known of clever questions treatment The the labored have andWales; who many this in as on Tweedsmuir, Lord book is inintriguing as following the such tells soil. British chapteron One how late lives his to the repuup George V deed: accepted the VictoriaQueen Book of style writer. tation as capable His a

Is religion? the science undermine DoesMormon. is his pleases; background wide enough Is the Bible unseen of a myth? out world the of the to the beginning end From his increase to to readers encourage Is date? the Bible of study? worthy Does short twentyeight arebook—there fairly their it good is to own good? worthone be pay What backgrounds—a of wealthconcise machapters—the in sign author. while? of greatness honest be succeed? one an and Canterial, skillfully attentold, the holds

Is living? the a world Does anybody owe to purports the Although be a book ilof Sixteen reader. pagestion the of life desirable Christian practicable? a and it it is is that; biography, an than more beautifylustrations the and book make

in conditions exposition of England and in of places notable recorda permanent are not too The chapters long. The the the for twentyfive past world history. valuableBritish Mission The is interesting, reading easy and and years. begins the death with book Thestatistics never in the have Appendix sparkles appropriate with and humor carries of King and VII Edward available. generallybefore been made phrases. expressive volume The illuminatthe with rethrough World War be should wellwritten This book

read by young and old in the Church, ing statements about the leading world for not only does its story bring to light figures of that period.

the romance of the latterday work, In view of the recent coronation but it sets forth the high motive of the and present world conditions, this book

Church, and pictures the everlasting should hold an important position in contest between light and darkness. everyone's reading. M. C. J.

ISLINGTON,ABOVE: THE 42 LIVERPOOL—HEADQUARTERS OF

||tlMBMilMilMttlMMMill*MMMIil n i i n. MISSION YEARS EUROPEAN FOR OVER THREESCOREBRITISH AND

(FORMERLY 36 CHAPEL STREET).

UPPER RIGHT: NO. 23 BOOTH STREET, HANDSWORTH, BIRMINGHAM

—BRITISH HEADQUARTERS FROM 1929 TO 1932.

LOWER RIGHT: 43 TAVISTOCK SQUARE, LONDON—BRITISH HEADQUARTERS FROM 1932 TO 1934.

BRITISH AND EUROPEAN MISSION HEADQUARTERS OF THE CENTURY

ABOVE: DURHAM HOUSE, 295

EDGE LANE, LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND—HEADQUARTERS OF

THE EUROPEAN MISSION FROM 1906 TO 1933.

LEFT: NO. 10 HOLLY ROAD,

LIVERPOOL, HEADQUARTERS OF THE BRITISH AND EUROPEAN MISSIONS DURING

THE ADMINISTRATION OF PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT,

19041906. HEADQUARTERS

MOVED HERE FROM 42 ISLINGTON.

EUROPEAN MISSION SINCE

FEBRUARY, 1933, AND SINCE JUNE, 1934, OF THE BRITISH MISSION AND "MILLENNIAL STAR."THIS STRUCTURE

RISES FOUR STORIES FROM THE STREET.

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE

COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE-—EDITED BY JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

'T'he Lord in His wisdom has granted a reward of merit or punishment in Brought down to the final analysis to every soul the gift of free keeping with his faithfulness to the laws this is the condition of the world toagency. Without this gift there could and ordinances of the Gospel, or his day. Under these conditions what is

be no freedom, no advancement, no unfaithfulness thereto. The reward the chief duty of those who have acexaltation. Exaltation is a gift from will be just in every particular. No cepted the authority of the Holy PriestGod based upon obedience to His man is to receive a reward which he hood and have made covenant to mageternal laws. When instructing Moses has not merited. No man will be denify that authority before the Church

the Lord said that this gift of agency nied that which he merits through his and all the world? In the Fourth secwas bestowed upon His children in the faithfulness to divine law. Justice is tion of the Doctrine and Covenants the

eternities before the world was framed. an eternal and immutable principle. Lord has said

Because of this gift there arose rebellion From the beginning of time until the Therefore, O ye that embark in the in heaven. Satan proffered to become present the tendency of most men has service of God, see that ye serve him with

the redeemer of this mortal world, and been towards evil. They have hearkall your heart, might, mind and strength,

ye may stand blameless before God rather than that Lucifer of to the voice ened condition thesave all mankind on last at the day. Satan of "And God. voice to the them. theirthat taken from agency be

When his plan was rejected, he recame among them, saying: I am also Again he has said to the Church:

belled. If it had not been for the free a son of God; and he commanded them, And again, I say unto you, I give unto

gift of agency he could not have resaying: Believe it not; and they believed you a commandment, that every man, both

belled. His sin, therefore, was a grievit not, and they loved Satan more than elder, priest, teacher, and also member, go

his his to the of might, labor with with time that from began his ingratitude men God. one, And for heous showed

to things hands, prepare the accomplish and devilsensual, and forth to bebe carnal, gift that greatestfor the could be I have which commanded. beginning in the said ish."This It is writindividual. was thestowed upon let the preaching your be warning And

ten in the writings of Moses: of the world. In the day in which we voice, every man to his neighbor, in mildWherefore, because that Satan rebelled live Satan and his angels are just as ness and in meekness.

against me, and sought to destroy the busy and determined as ever before And go ye out from among the wicked, agency of man, which I, the Lord God, had since the beginning. In fact his acSave yourselves. Be ye clean that bear

given him, and also, that I should give tivities are more pronounced now than the vessels of the Lord.

unto him mine own power; by the power ever before. Nephi saw our day and In this day when both men and

of mine Only Begotten, I caixsed that he in the spirit of prophecy declared that women are drunken and filthy from castshould down; be use of intoxicating drinks days the which and the the Gentiles, of the days the in yea, Satan, even he became And use of tobacco; the lands to are given when they people the "upon all are now, lies, and father to deceivedevil, the of all

to blind men, and to lead them captive at of the earth,"would "be drunken with immoral practices; when they blashis will, even as many as would not hearken iniquity and all manner of abominapheme the name of God and make a

unto my voice. (Moses 4:3-4.) tions."mockery of His commandments, reveling their in of uncleanness and body his exercise not could he Because shall rage he, said that Satan In day, it mind, behooves hold the who us—allwill of the mandestroy agency and of men, and the children hearts in the of Priesthood called and been to have

it himself, for retainingkind, while is that stir against which to anger them up responsible positions of in leadership to in rebelledLucifer had heaven and good. in quorums, in wards, and stakes—to lull pacify, will others them and he that out. at cast day,"Andbe we "And that see ourselves keep unspotted we will that security, they into carnal away after him,"evenread, followed "many sins from these forth in and our go is prosperin All Zion; well yea, Zion say:onethird heaven. of of the hosts These might in fellows spirit our among the is all eth, devil cheatthus the well—and in spiritsrebellious earth are the here of their souls, leadeth eth them warning helpfulness and direct away to and

their are carrying they onwhere work hell. to carefully all down lead and in the are into who Church

spirit in destructionof the commenced flattereth others behold, he away, And of paths righteousness.

is beingworld, the and is waged same hell; war telleth there he and and them no itself the finds Church under The

I devil, for right there battlefield saith them: earthly the unto no betweenon am necessity carrying of a campaign on in their is he thus whispereth error, truth freedom wrong, andand none—and all evils. against of close these of The until his ears, grasps he awful with them it will servitude; continue soand and

intensified the brought an is World there deliverchains, from War no whenceuntil in to take Christ comes power his of the part ance. on campaign and Satan (2 28:2122.) Nephi the of kings placeHis as King upon

earth.

L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS Alma in a very clear and positive MONTHLY REPORT OF THE

manner expressed this truth in the folMade by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles lowing words: For the Month of March, 1937

Missionary Activities I in desires, to ought not harrow up my 1. in part or days spent Evenings Missionary 5,748 Work firm I just forthe of decree a God, know 2. in spent Missionary 13,800 Hours Workthat to granteth according he unto men calls 3. Tracting of while 11,077 made Number

it desire,their or whether unto death be first 4. Invitations of in while Tracting 4,607 Number

life; I allotteth that yea, untounto he know 5. of Revisits 2,680 Number

wills, their to according they whethermen 6. of Conversations 10,829 Gospel Number

salvation destruction. unto orbe unto 7. of Distributed Standard Church 254 Number Works

I that evil Yea, and good and have know 8. of Distributed Other Books 366 Number

all before that not he men;come knoweth 9. Tracts Distributed of and 12,502 Pamphlets Number

is evil blameless; that fromgood but he 10. of of Books Sold 232 Number Mormon

it evil, is to and given goodknoweth him 11. of Hall Meetings 280 Held Number

his to desires, desirethaccording he whether 12. of Cottage Meetings Held Number 769

life evil, or death, orgood or remorse joy 13. of Cottage Hall Attended Meetings and 2,186 Number

of conscience."29:4-5.) (Alma 14. of Investigators at present 2,671 Cottage Hall Meetings Number and

is It in this that with harmony law 15. result of of as Baptisms a Missionary Number Workmen are to be rewarded according to 16. Number of inactive members of the Church brought into activity through Stake 92

their works. Every man will receive Missionary Service during the month 161

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 193 7

earthly emissaries to enthrall the world in the slavery of tobacco. Many millions of dollars have been spent to

accomplish this end, which in a very THE ACCOMPANYING large measure has been obtained. It PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE

is enough to make the heavens weep SUSQUEHANNASUSQUEHANNA RIVER,COUNto see beautiful young girls, middleTY, PENNSYLVANIA, aged women, and even many mothers AREL ZUNDELBY DR. OFGEORGETHE

with hair streaked with grey, yielding PENNSYLVANIA STATE to the alluring enticements of the bold COLLEGE.THE BANKSIT OFWASTHISON

and wicked advertising of tobacco; RIVER THAT THE MELthus making their bodies filthy, impairCHIZEDEKHOOD WAS RESTOREDPRIESTing their health, and weakening their TO THE PROPHET JOSmoral powers. HANDSEPH SMITHOF ATPETER,THE

Another destructive evil which folJAMES AND JOHN.

lowed in the wake of the great war was the campaign in America against the

Eighteenth Amendment to the Constitution of the United States. While the

forces of righteousness slept, the forces of evil were busy with their propaganda, endeavoring to convince the people that conditions under prohibition were worse by far than they possibly could be under repeal where the people may obtain liquor without much restraint. Many good honest people

were convinced by this specious and cunning argument and gave their endorsement to the appeals made by unscrupulous politicians and the liquor interests of the land. Since repeal

and the state of Utah played a very importantrepeal—liquorbut ofunsavoryall kindsparthas inflowedthat

like water among the people. Satan

again triumphed and drunken debauchery was enthroned once more in the land with greater power than ever before, with all the attendant evils.

Under these conditions sin in all its wicked forms has increased, for one evil leads to the practice of another.

The moral trend of the people in all the land has been lowered; the respect for

law has been lessened, and regard for sacred things destroyed.

As presidents and members of quorums of the Priesthood, let us do as the

Lord commands. Let us not touch any

of these unclean and destructive things;

and in the power of our might let us go forth among the people in the spirit of kindness, longsuffering and patience, raising "the warning voice, every man to his neighbor, in mildness and in meekness,"that he may keep from the counsels of the wicked and not partake of any of these unclean things.

We have our agency; no man is compelled to do good; neither is he compelled to do evil, and there will come a

reward for the deeds done in the body whether they be good or bad.

Would that all those holding the

Priesthood could feel and pray as did the ancient Psalmist:

Create in me a clean heart, O God; and

renew a right spirit within me.

Cast me not away from thy presence;

and take not thy Holy Spirit from me.

Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation; and uphold me with thy free spirit.

Then will I teach transgressors thy ways;

and sinners shall be converted unto thee.

(Psalms 51:1113.)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

SUMMER ACTIVITY FOR To the Priests has been assigned the programs with the Stake and Ward

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS duty of assisting the editor. The Executives of the M.I.A. and assistants

Quorum Supervisors are charged Teachersing and financeare responsibleand the Deaconsfor advertisform whoseshown indutiesgraphicandchartsrelationshipsbeing sentareto with the responsibility of mainthe circulation department, which carall stake presidents and bishops.

taining the morale and interest of riers the publication to every home in The new plan preserves the same quorum members during the summer the ward. The magazine which carries general principles as have been folmonths. Under no circumstances should news of all ward activities is approprilowed in the past, and does not change

quorums adjourn during the summer ately named "The Let-U-No."in any way the relationship of stake

period. For many obvious reasons presidencies and bishoprics which has

quorum work and Church activity are PRIESTHOOD LEADERS REproved so helpful in the past.

essential of the welfare to boysmore of phases the AarThrough the new LIEVED OF DETAIL in than winand young in summer men plan, recorrelation onic Priesthood SCOUT WORKter. Presiding cently announced by the

The quorum activity program should Tnder the terms of a plan which Bishopric, the close cooperation of be accelerated and diversified during *"* has been developed by the Y. M. Aaronic Priesthood supervisors with

July and August, particularly, in order M. I. A., and which was announced at Scout and Explorer leaders in stakes

that every member may be induced to the June Conference, stake and ward and wards is to be retained and, it is continue his participation in quorum Aaronic Priesthood chairmen, who are hoped, strengthened in order that all work. Many quorums have provided still serving as District and ward Scout leaders of boys and young men twelve

complete programs of summer activity, Chairmen, are to be relieved of the deto twenty may unite in winning to our thus maintaining the momentum and tail work of Scouting in order that programs every available Latterday progress of the quorum through the vatheir attention may be devoted to their Saint boy.

cation period. assignments in the Aaronic Priesthood. Correlation conventions, to include

Someone has said, "The forces that This plan which now supersedes the all leaders of boys and young men destroy character, work twentyfour one adopted in 1931, places entire retwelve to twenty will be resumed in hours a day, 365 days a year."That besponsibility for the Scout and Explorer August.

ing true, quorum supervisors and officers should increase their vigilance during that period of the year when character-destroying forces are more alert THE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW ever. than too, theand active Then, A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the

of the asLord, has been whichwork signed to the Aaronic Priesthood, Lord's Law of Health should not be neglected at any season of the year. PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS TO the Twelve Apostles in conducting the

PRIESTHOOD ANNIVERSARY WAGE CAMPAIGN AGAINST campaign and as details are developed

PILGRIMAGES TO BE REALCOHOL AND TOBACCO all Aaronic Priesthood quorums will in the actively join to requested bePORTED IN AUGUST ERA 7V Churchwide campaign against against that is becrusade an enemy pROM all parts of the Church, re- * alcohol, to be carried to every coming more and more aggressive and ports have come, and continue to quorum of Priesthood in the Church, threatening.

come, of the recordbreaking historical has been announced by the General pilgrimages of members of Aaronic Authorities. The Churchwide offenNo Such Thing as Moderation

evils 15. greatestPriesthood sive against of the on quorums one The May

staff in the physician Matthaei, Dr.

ispilgrimages special the 108th the of directed being a commemorated by day said: should not Army, German "We of the the Restoration ofanniversary the of the committee of Quorum discuss with moderation man. a The toAaronic Priesthood Smith Apostles. committees Joseph Other Twelve

settled thing since long has been by assist. Oliver 15, 1829. toand being are Cowdery, formed May narcotic science. poisons of use TheIn that representation order the may of includes the most use plan The is criminal."indecent simply and possible the general as as accountsbe includeducational methods, modern says: Sir "In Horsley Dr. Victor in pictures sentand been have which aids, will visual ing based upon be and reality that proof min- a no have we willare being given assembled be and scientifically demonstrated the of use permissible of alcohol dose and imum forspecial in August. the mention Era facts of the statements to reenforce exists."

BIG HORN STAKE AARONIC the Word of Wisdom. Dr. Robert Koppa states: "The

PRIESTHOOD ADOPTS The principal campaign will be abuse of alcohol commences with its

UNIQUE PROJECT waged against liquor in all forms, but use.

tobacco will also come in for its share Metchnikoff you Dr. said: "When of a ward news magaPublication of attention.

alcohol, of the cells take you poison prois the unique zine each month ject undertaken by the Aaronic PriestPriesthood Quorums are to become your body."

hood quorums of Lovell Ward of Big the principal agencies through which Dr. Haven Emerson (see Who's

is perplan to be operated. Every the the isHorn Stake Under in Wyoming. a depressant, Who) says: "Alcohol

to yield in the son is to be urged Churchguidance R. Clark, Seminary narcotic habitforming of James drug. Alcohol

Principal and Supervisor of the Priests strict obedience to the word of the is a protoplasmic poison. Alcohol is

quorum, a monthly mimeographed bulLord and to use his influence with his drunk to get the drug effect and whenletin, cleverly illustrated with the front family and friends to do likewise. ever it is so taken, in whatever amount,

page in color is edited, produced, and The Presiding Bishopric is associated it exerts to some degree its depressant circulated by quorum members. with the committee of the quorum of and toxic effects."

of this responsibility in proporcerity these of our efforts, and blessings teachWARD TEACHER'S MESSAGE, AUGUST, 1937 tion to the earnestness and sincome to the ward

TRUE CHARITY ers,memberson thewhoonearehand,visited,and onto thethe "and the greatest of these is charity."other,ourselvesand weor shouldthose notwhomdeprivewe

HpHE dictionary defines charity as "the disposition to think well of others: should teach of these blessings.

5. Every member of the Priesthood,

liberality; alms; universal love; an institution for the poor; a gift in whatever may be the position or

trust for a benevolent object."office he holds, is subject to call

It is well for Latterday Saints to consider frequently the fact that this by the bishop to do ward teachoft-used word has many definitions; that the one narrow use of the word shoulding, andrespondthose cheerfullywho holdso officeas to

charity, referring only to the giving of alms to the poor, manifests but one set a good example of willingness of its many meanings. to serve as ward Teachers to the

Considered in its broad definition we all desire charity. We desire that mostcalledhumbleto thatmanwork.or boy who is

others think well and speak well of us; that we shall not be criticized or 6. Exercise of the Priesthood in any

censured by others without a full knowledge of the facts and of the capacity brings joy and happimotives which prompt our actions; that if we make mistakes which are of ness, because it can only be exerin doing cised doing good, and head, or the heart even not of the and of the head make mistakes and if we

is of the others the source good to critisincerely, shall then that repent not and unreasonably be unduly we life. in greatest joy

cized but that justice shall be tempered with mercy.

It should be remembered that there is charity of consideration for othSTRENGTHENING YOUR ers, of encouragement, of cooperation, of kindness, of comfort in time of TESTIMONY distress, of cooperation with those who are striving to do right, of kindly ""\I7hat about repentance?"you ask.

feelings toward those with whom we differ, of thinking well and speaking "* Repentance is to personal conwell of others, of forgiveness and compassion for those who err, or those duct what practice is to proficiency in who we think have erred; of withholding judgment until all the facts are faultsany art.and Itsapproachpurposeperfection.is to overcomeIf you

known. These are types of charity, not connected with the giving of alms, feel that "practice makes perfect,"and

but nevertheless included in the definition and meaning of real charity. you know by experience that the pracIt is especially desirable at this time that Latterday Saints exercise tice of selfcontrol is beneficial, then

true charity in their dealings with their fellow men both within the Church youis a havetrue savinga testimonyprinciple.that repentance

and without. As to baptism, the next principle of

will admit that the Gospel: when You charity of is a part True our religion—a very important part—a part thing resolves a certain one and to do today. the needs whole world which

deliberately promises before witnesses that he will do it, he is far more likely to accomplish his purpose than he

SUMMER WARD TEACHING MT. OGDEN STAKE WARD would be had he not made the promise

TEACHING BULLETIN or covenant. He feels bound to fulfil

npHERE is a natural inclination to his resolve, for his honor is at stake.

A take things easy during the hot 1. Ward Teaching is a permanent If you agree with this proposition then

weather. Unfortunately, there are those institution in the Church, which you have a testimony that baptism,

who feel that there should be a vacathe stakes and wards can not which is a covenant or promise, is benetion from religious duties and responsisuspend or alter. ficial in helping one to be true to his

bilities during the summer months. No- 2. Ward Teaching is a duty impurpose in serving the Lord.

where in Scripture or in modern reveposed by the Church as a requireFollowing baptism is confirmation lation is there justification for such an ment of all who hold the Priestthe laying on of hands for the gift of attitude. The work of the Lord is conhood. the Holy Ghost. The Holy Ghost is to

tinuous. It should never be neglected. 3. It is an honor to discharge the re- "guide you into all truth,"to "teach

Our responsibility for those whose welsponsibility of a ward teacher. you all things,"and "show you things

fare has been assigned to us as Ward 4. Blessings flow from the fulfillment to come."You will admit that such a

Teachers is as great in summer as in guide on life's perilous journey is highly winter. desirable; and if you have in sincerity

We should all feel greatly grieved obeyed the aforementioned laws of the if our Heavenly Father withheld His Gospel you are entitled to the Holy blessings in summer or at any other Spirit's guidance and will surely receive season. We expect and hope to receive it. Not through any spectacular demonblessings continually. We should therestration will it come, but like peace

fore, feel our responsibility to bless to your soul and an assurance that you those over whom we preside continualare on the right road to salvation. And

ly and we should be about our Father's such an experience will be a greater business in season and out. Ward testimony as to the truth of the Gospel

teaching is especially important during than the witnessing of miracles.the summer months.—Selected.

CHURCH BOARD OF EDUCATION EDITING COMMITTEE

F. LARSEN, A. CALLIS VERNON CHARLES GRANTHEBER

Chairman. S. HARRIS FRANKLIN CLARK. JR.J. REUBENJ.

L. FRANKLIN WEST E. O. McKAYDAVID WILLIAM BERRETT

CLAWSONRUDGER WINTER, D. MERRILL CLAYSON FIELDING SMITH ARTHUR Treas.JOSEPH Secy, and McGHIE W. FRANK L. RICHARDSSTEPHEN L. WEST, FRANKLIN R. D. LYMANRICHARD BRYSON EUGENE o} Education. Commissioner A. WIDTSOEJOHN BENNION, M. LYNN F. MERRILL

Supervisor. Seminary S. BENNIONJOSEPHADAM

CHURCH SEMINARY AT THE CROSSROADSAPPOINTMENTS

By ALVA FITZGERALD Wesley Robertson o Springville

J * has been appointed principal of the Director of Cedar City L. D. S. Institute

Kelsey Academy at Kelsey, Texas. A "Perhaps the word 'testimony'

graduate of the Brigham Young Uniperplexed youth is led through has a personal meaning for each inre- school taught has wise with aversity, Kelsey a conversation Mr. rethat hinted dividual. have You A

satat arrive to a counselor, ligious and years Utah both infor Wyomany have churches of studies other cent value the of explanation isfactoryming. in disturbing problems provoked of the Gospel. Department of The

of AnLos Sterling McMurrin M. disthe all are article this mind. to your new presents Education What

his Master's Dereceivedgeles, who in the Church. of teachers youth made?''coveries have We you

this of University the Utah it fromgree teachers will to aid that meet hope that of the many "I am convinced in teach to stuin that appointedspring, this of has a problem been type way

I ideals principles which and faith interest Richfield the in ofthe dents'Gospel and Sevier Seminary Stake

Utah. can be built upon a basis that will seem thought were limited to the Mormon

Lucius Clark has been transferred rational and satisfying to youth. Church are taught and practiced by

from Ammon Seminary where he has other Christian churches. This also

served for the past ten years to Banseems to be true of the nonChris-croft Seminary, Bancroft, Idaho, where rpJhe thing I want more than anytian world reiiqions he will serve as principal. thing else is a testimony. Suppose we interpret the Gospel

Wendell M. Rigby of Monroe, Utah, The speaker was a Mormon to mean the plan of God to save and

has been transferred from South Sevier girl, aged 20. Her thoughtful, sinexalt His children. Would you think

Seminary to Wasatch Seminary, Heber cere mien indicated that her wish any less of the value and imporCity, Utah, as principal. He has served was more than a passing whim. tance in your life of faith, repentpreviously as principal of the Moroni There was a maturity apparent in ance, prayer, selfcontrol, and servand Beaver Seminaries. the directness and brevity of her ice if they are understood and pracAlmon L. D. Brown, principal of statement. Her thoughtful face told ticed to some extent by all manpast the during Pocatellothe Seminary kind?"convincingly great longing of a unto Idaho transferredyear, has been it I that would see satisfied. can "No! of serious connow Moments of the principal to asFalls serve Ambut value, their greater of proof be spiritual templation the values with Seminary.mon

it the all cast to doubt on seems of prelife in the balance, have must the principal of Spencer, H. Seymour

Montpelier, Idaho, seminary, has been ceded that hour of confidence. claims we make for the Latterday

moved to serve as principal of the Mil- "Could you explain a little more Saint Church."

lard Stake Seminary at Fillmore, Utah. clearly what you mean by a testi- "I can realize how that would

He has already served seventeen years mony?"I asked quietly, searching naturally follow your discovery. The

in the seminary system. for common ground. element of contrast seems to be lost.

William C. Carr, during the past She replied slowly with measured However, goodness and perfection

year a teacher at the Box Elder words, "I have often heard others are relative terms in the highway of

Seminary at Brigham City, Utah, has bear their testimonies with so much progress. May we not conclude that

been appointed principal of the Grantsassurance and certainty. Some have even if two churches teach and live

for ville, year. next seminary Utah, principles general to some said that to the same they our Church knew appointed Morrill has been Glenn J. necessarily not extent, are they true the only of be ReGod. Church ofprincipal Sevier the Seminary South righteousness in promoting equal cently other of reading I have been at Utah. Monroe,

life? to equally religions. modern adapted nor churches and I know Can Sheffield appointed been has L. Erwin

as a teacher in the Millard Seminary at if the Gospel is true and if this Neither does it disprove that flaFillmore. Utah. Church is the true Church of God?"grant error may be found in one and

Charles Ray Colton of Vernal, I prayed silently for wisdom and foreign to the other. Have you

Utah, has been appointed principal foresight. Could it be that I was to found in your studies any other

of the Summit Stake Seminary at Coalwitness and share a critical hour in church that appeals to you as being ville, Utah. A graduate of the B. Y. the spiritual quest of a child of God? superior to your own, so that for

U., he has taught for the past year in Could a way be found by which she your own good and in fairness to

School. Highthe Heber organizations attain would confaith might you for both assurance and of Draper, Fitzgerald Utah, John W. membership?"sider the a change of that hour to come, days and principal the of appointed been has

Round Valley Seminary at Eager, Ariwithout closing some of the win- "Oh, no! No other church has apzona. He is a graduate of the B. Y. U. dows of her mind to the goodness of pealed to me in that way. They do

and has filled a mission to the Eastern the world? What of future apprecianot explain the purpose of life so

States. tion and discovery? well or offer as good a program for

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

improvement. However, they seem care to continue fasting as I have ated a delicate beauty of faith and

to be well adapted to serve their own done the last few months. Perhaps hope.

membership,"I have been staying away from "Thank you, I feel SO'much bet- "Evidently, then, your studies Church too much lately."ter. I should like to call again in a

have widened your sympathy and "I think you should be consoled few days to discuss some other appreciation but have not lessened rather than discouraged in your questions that have bothered me in to you the genuine values of your longing for a testimony. Earnest school."

own Church."prayer and sincere worship will, Her parting words stir me to this

I felt instinctively that a candid supply the daily bread you desire. moment, as I repeat them:

confession of her convictions and Service in the Church, freely and "I feel now in my heart that the doubts had helped clear the atmoshappily given, is an unfailing storeGospel is as real to me as life itphere. The overtension of conflicthouse. A living testimony is a life self."

ing emotions was somewhat reachievement rather than a miraculieved. lous event. A close friend, Dr. V. The Church Moves On "Your interest in other religions H. Smith, who is now a successful (Concluded from page 434)

is commendable. It will be a revesurgeon of this city, told me but PRIMARY CONFERENCE A

lation to you of a wider operation of two weeks ago of his experience SUCCESS

God's work. Naturally you will be while attending school in Chicago. 'T'he June Conference of the Primary

puzzled at times. Periods of perplexFrom the protecting circle of home, * Association occurred from June 11

ity and adjustment necessarily folChurch, and friends, he plunged into 13, inclusive. The main speakers

low contact with new ideas. Faith to the whirl of a large university included President Heber J. Grant,

and effort are the highways to progin a great cosmopolitan city. New President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., Steress and satisfaction. It is not the social standards, scientific facts and phen L. Richards, David A. Smith,

Gospel plan that is inadequate, but theories and world views of philosoinOscaradditionA. Kirkham,to the membersM. Lynnof Bennion,the Priour limited ability to understand and phy and religion challenged the mary General Board.

utilize it more broadly, especially faith of his youth. The sacred fire The outstanding feature was the parwhen a wider horizon of experience of testimony indeed burned low. ticipation of thousands of children in

opens before us."After several months he began atthe speaking, pageantry, dramatiza-

"Then you believe that other tending the Mormon Church at Lotions, and singing.

churches deserve our respect and regan Square and served as a Sunday The thousands of representatives search?"School officer during his residence who traveled from distant parts of the

"Certainly, strength of the in the Chicago. emotion deep With and fortsChurchto joinfelt inamplythe Primaryrepaid forConference.their efhumility,Latterday Saint related not does Church he this weekhow I. A. GENERAL BOARDrest on its ability to demonstrate ly contact helped guide him through M.

that other churches do not cherish the crucial years that followed. ToMEMBERS GO TO EUROPE

ideals, inspire faith, and give spiritday he is esteemed as a man of President Ruth May Fox, First Counselor, Secand Cannon, Lucy Grantual satisfaction. vitality vision, and balance, and profound reliOur

left Clarissa Counselor A. Beesley ondusefulness inrather gious conviction."depend on an of President party a with Grant and

tegration of the positive factors so "Yes,"she replied, "I have been sixtyeight to attend the British Centenwidely sensed by mankind. It gives cutting classes lately, as we say in nial celebration. In addition to the

harmony to progress. It makes a school. My doubts have tempted me presidency of the General Board, three

symphony of human experience. to shun prayer and worship. Do you other Board members also went: Rose

Furthermore, our Church supports ever experience moods in your tes- W. Bennett, Laura P. Nicholson, and

an unexcelled organization as a timony of the Gospel?"Vida F. Clawson, who also is in charge

means of attaining a living testi- "My own spiritual quest has been of the group.

mony of these truths."much like climbing Mt. TimpanoCHEMURGIC CONFERENCE

"I have thought of a testimony gos. There have been periods of A t the third annual Dearborn Chemlargely as a fixed goal rather than light and shade. Temporary dis- "urgic Conference of Agriculture,

a growing achievement,"she recouragement has been followed by Industry, and Science in Detroit, Michplied, "but I seem unable to satisfy keen exhilaration. The steady climb igan, honored guests were President

A. Dr. Grant and John WidtHeber J.this amply been accompanied by longing in my heart for spiritual has

the soe, of of Council the Twelve.assurance."solace. comfort and Answer chairman to President is honorary Grant

"Jesus voiced the spiritual hunprayer has been especially helpful. of the Utah Farm Chemurgic Council

ger you feel when he said, 'Blessed There have been a few rare occaand Dr. Widtsoe is active chairman.

are they which do hunger and thirst sions of divine peace and joy, too Dr. Widtsoe, recognized authority on

after righteousness, for they shall be intense to describe; a glimpse of irrigation and agriculture, gave an adfilled.'The yearning you have dewhat Heaven has in store. Have not dress on "What Chemurgy Means to the

scribed is evidence of spiritual you enjoyed some such experiWest."He explained that chemurgy

health. The body craves food when ences?"must offer aid under five heads: first,

in good health. Spirituality is the "Yes,"she replied, as if she were through the encouragement of present

eternal urge which beckons us nearer sounding the depth of her soul conenterprises which convert farmers'to God. The Prophets felt it and revictions. "I know that I have often products for the market through factory

sponded to it. Mature men and been guided by prayer. Several operations; second, through finding new

third, for old crops; through exsin- given of years inspired timeswomen to who have been I have

irrimake perimentinguses crops with under newcere service church to the far decision a and natural beyond who my testing gation availtheir then and have received many spiritual expeself. Of late I have almost forgotten ability for manufacturing purposes;

riences continue to feel its irresistthem. I have been remiss in gratifourth, through salvaging much of the

ible call."tude."waste which now occurs; fifth, through

She answered wistfully, "The The shadows of doubt and bewilmore profitable disposal of the surplus hunger is real enough but I do not derment had gone and her face radion western farms.

A Backward Glance At The British Mission (Continued from page 423)

Tabernacle organ, one Tabernacle organist and five Tabernacle choir conductors.

"A brief checkup of the current official Latterday Saint Hymn Book reveals that the words of more than half of the 421 hymns it contains were written by Britishborn members of the Church, and of more than threefourths of these hymns, the music was written by Britishborn members of the Church.

"And so specific details of British contributions could be multiplied virtually without limit. These alone

would more than justify the century's existence of the British Mission, and the cost in time, personal sacrifice and money that have been heathercovered hills of Scotland, THETHE WELSHCASTLE,CAPITALCARDIFF,FAMILIARWALES,TOA A SCENECENTURYIN put into it. from the midland mill towns, from OF "MORMON"MISSIONARIES.

"But these tangible and material the shamrock countryside of Irethings, that may be listed and multiland, from the labyrinths of Lonof a century's harvest in Great Britplied and evaluated in ordinary dontown, and from the seaswept ain have closely cherished the Gosterms, are not the reason for the shores of all the Island Empire. pel of Jesus Christ.

existence of the British or any other mission of the Church. The only "Some have come from material "Such has been the spirit of the

justifiable reason is the salvation poverty to rise to material riches; men and women who have come

Britain. from Great same And those to ease comparative have left some a of bringingof human souls—the qualities British traditional of charfind deprivation; penury some and of of truth to the heartsconviction

acter, that so to have meant much as as have they remained were and lives transformtheir to amen, and in fronthe Christ of Jesus Church still are, their to they on make way the divinity of the ofing knowledge tier will far lands, buildtoward go British shores; the tossed on some for plan Christ His and JesusLord ing strong a permanent Church and plains; seas; the walked some some exaltation of men.the joy And and Isles, in British the organization now the journey died before through was this theyfor cause have come—from is longer that emigration encourno all price whatever have found thf from of coalthe—but mines Wales,

was asked and whatever cost was aged."*

paid to be the greatest exchange of As to Mormon missionaries inHYDE PARK CORNER, LONDON. NOT FAR

offer, this to values has GENERATIONS world ARCH andFROM WELLINGTON THE two, Great Britain—-"Two by down PREACHED MISSIONARIES HAVEOF "MORMON"that is these and men why women turfed over cobbled city streets and MILLIONS. TEEMINGTO THE

country lanes, through poverty row and to the mansions of the great, in the market place, and at the family fireside, in season and out, they have passed their tracts, preached their sermons and voiced their testimonies, calling out the seekers after life eternal, tens of thousands of whom have responded.

"Tolerant and respectful of the good works and sacred beliefs of all men and all religious organizations, these "Mormon"missionaries have nevertheless been solemnly obligated to proclaim that the Lord has established one divinely appointed way whereby men may attain salvation, and one lineage of Priesthood, whereby men may perform the essential rites and ordinances of the

Church of Jesus Christ. And if there

has been opposition to their message, it has been opposition born of *From A Century of Mormonism in

Great Britain,"pages 236237.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

A Backward Glance BRITISH AND EUROPEAN MISSION PRESIDENTS OF THE CENTURY

At The Heber C. Kimball—July 20, 1837 to April 20, 1838.

Joseph Fielding—April 20, 1838 to July 6, 1840.

British Mission Brigham Young—July 6, 1840 to April 20, 1841.

Parley P. Pratt—April 20, 1841 to October 20, 1842.

( Concluded from page 425 Thomas Ward—October 20, 1842 to November 1, 1843.

Reuben Hedlock—November 1, 1843 to February 4, 1845.refusal or unwillingness to believe Wilford Woodruff—February 4, 1845 to October 3, 1846.

that the Lord has spoken! That He Orson Hyde—October 3, 1846 to January 15, 1847.

15, to 1, 1847. Franklin February 1847 D. to earth restoredhas His Church Richards—January

1, 15, to 1848. 1847 August Orson Spencer—February that has Priesthood;and Holy He 1, to 1851. 15, 1848 January Orson Pratt—August

firstreaffirmed principles of the the 1, to term) (second 1851 Franklin D. January May 8, 1852. Richards—

8, 8, to 1854. 1852 as Samuel June Christ they wereGospel of Jesus R'chards—May W.

given in other dispensations; that Frankl'n D. Richards—(third term) June 8, 1854 to July 13, 1856.

4, 1857. 13, 1856 to October July Orson divinely sent out Pratt—commisHe has to term) October (second 4, 1857 Samuel March 6, 1858.

to servantssioned proclaim W. Richards—(second6, term) 19, 1860. 1858 to Calkin—March these Asa May

principles. the meshas been Such Nathaniel Jacob V. Jones;

Charles Gates—(pro tem)11, 1860Mayto M. Lyman, Amasa 19,May186014,to1862.August 11, 1860. missionaries of thesage "Mormon"C. Rich—August

14, 25, 1864. 1862 to July Q. Cannon—May Britain durGeorge gone have to Greatwho

10, 1862. (pro tem) 17, 1862 to August Bigler—G. Jacob Maying the past century such must and 25, 1864 Young, to August Daniel Wells, Brigham H. jr.—Julyever be the message of every LatBrigham Young, Jr., August 30, 1865 to June 30, 1867. 30, 1865.

term) to September 9, 1868. 30, 1867terday Saint."* Franklin June

15, 1870. Richards—(fourth 9, 1868 to June Albert Carrington—SeptemberD.

1871. 15, 6, 1870 to June Horace the future of the "But Church

1873. 21, term) 6, 1871 to October (second in Albert June

Britain does notGreat depend whol1874. 21, 21, (pro tem) to March 1873 October LesterCarrington—S. Eldredge—JuneJ. Herrick—

ly upon the activities and continuJoseph F. Smith—March 21, 1874 to September 13. 1875.

(third term) Albert September of its missionaries. "imported"ance

term) Carrington—F. Smith—(second Joseph May 27, 187713, to1875Julyto 6,May1878.27, 1877. the travelingWhether 'Mormon'

tem) September ( pro 10, 1877 to July 6, 1878.

to 1, 1880. Novembermissionaries from America are WilliamHenryBudge—JulyW. Naisbitt—6, 1878

called Britain out tomorof Great Albert Carrington—thererow, or they remain whether John Henry Smith—November(fourth term)19, November1882 to January1, 1880,1, to1885.November 19, 1882.

1, to February 1887. 21, term) (second 1885 Daniel January for the years, next changes hundred Wells—

6, 1890. 21, 1887 to October George H.Teasdale—Februarythe situation the fundamental not

1893. (second term) 6, 1890 October Brigham Young, to May 4, Jr.—least. fact that unsetremains The tem). (pro Alfred Solomon—tled conditions world immigraand 16, 1896. to 4, 1893 H. July Anthon Lund—May

tion restrictions mean that the Rulon S. Wells—July 16, 1896 to December 8, 1898.

Church must be built to flourish as Platte D. Lyman—December 8, 1898 to May 17, 1901.

1, 1904. 17, to Francis 1901 January M. Lyman—May institutiona permanent in Great 1906. 1, 1, to 1904 December Heber Grant—JanuaryBritain. Latterday Saint And every 1910. 9, 1, to June CharlesJ. 1906 Penrose—December W.

in the British Isles must strive toRudger Clawson—June 9, 1910 to April 11, 1913.

ward that day when the Church of E. Taft Benson—(pro tem) April 11, 1913 to September 30, 1913.

to 7, 1916. 30, September 1913 M. Hyrum Smith—September in Britain, be mighty andGod shall

1, 1919. 7, to 1916 F. July George Richards—September the spires the of a of Templewhen 14, 1921. Albert to July George Smith—July 1, 1919

shall skies, British pierce forLord Orson F. Whitney—July "*

is'Zion heart.'the O. pure in David McKay—November14, 19219, 1922to Novemberto November9, 1922.1, 1924.

James E. Talmage—November 1, 1924 to January 1, 1928.

John A. Widtsoe—January 1, 1928 to October 1, 1933.

1932. to 11, 15, (British only) 1928 Mission January December William A. Lund—1934. 15, to (British 10, only) 1932 Mission December January H. James Douglas—ELIJAH to 24, EXPECTED 1936. September 1, 1933 Mission) F. October (European Joseph Merrill—

18, to 1937. (British 1934 only) July, Mission December Toseph By E. CECIL Cannon—McGAVIN

still presiding. 24, 1936, September Mission) (European Richard J. R. Lyman—Principal Spanish Seminary Fork 1, 1937. only) Appointment (British announced Mission B. May Hugh Brown—

1U[any people besides the Jews From A Century of "Mormonism"in Great Britain.

have looked forward with joyful anticipation to the return of the

Prophet Elijah. The Reverend John tained in the theological writings of into the clouds at will. It will be hisAlexander Dowie was so firmly con- a Christian sect known as the mission to return to earth and imto Elijahvinced that return would to this information necessary part headquarwith Mission, Megiddo in the earth accomlast days and in mortality people the righteous so York. These ters at Rochester, Newplish that a marvelous mission he will to the that assure ascend into they pubbe able seekers truth sincere

claimed to be Elijah reincarnate. lic that Elijah's return will be so the heavens as the fiery destruction

The International Bible Students near the second coming of the Lord envelops the wicked and destroys have long taught that the Millenthat the two will practically be upon the earth. They expect Elijah to

nium would be preceded by Elijah's the scene at the same time. come to their society and impart this

return. Their understanding of Malachi's information unto them so that they

The most extensive teachings upprediction seems to be that Elijah may soar up on eagles wings as the on this subject, however, are conhad possessed certain knowledge wicked perish. It is their fond hope

*Fcom A Century of "Mormonism"in which enabled him to have power that Elijah will come "within the

Great Britain, pp. 222 and 241. over the elements and could ascend next few years."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

The Coronation of day was held in a palatial rented At the Centennial celebration to hall which was filled to capacity. be held in England this year the

George VI Many were standing during the missionaries and the Church mem- (Concluded from page 425) whole program. By actual count bers of the British Isles and their

410 were present. The spirit and friends, together with our beloved

masonry of the ancient moat was character of the great people of this leader, President Heber }. Grant,

clearly visible. famous land of Norway were shown and other guests and friends from

Oxford Street with its flowerin the excellent program which was the United States, will assemble to decorated stores was magnificent. presented. I expected much, but I commemorate in song, speech, and

A stupendous undertaking was was both surprised and thrilled at prayer the introduction of the GosSelfridge's scheme. The pilasters the beauty of the building and at pel into Europe; to honor the seven

of the blocklong facade were silthe excellence of the program. The pioneer missionaries who began this

vered, and between them reposed music those Norwegians presented important work; and to express

panels of a silver frieze in heroic was classic and they sang with vigor gratitude to our Heavenly Father size, epitomizing the important and determination that only a free for the power of His mighty hand epochs in British history. and independent people can possess. which has helped to carry forward

St. James'Park was an alluring At the banquet, given in this same in such a forceful and effective way

dream. Row upon row of flowers, commodious and lovely hall, 181 His mighty purposes during these

massed tulips, narcissus, daffodils, were seated. one hundred years.

and oldfashioned blossoms Were revealed in ethereal beauty by the soft glow of the indirectly placed gas lamps. The illuminations fell on a

great clump of trees and brought out every shade of green, limned their giant contours, the and accented L. D. S. Wards 30feathery, branches weeping swayingin the light breeze. The lake, lightPURCHASED AND INSTALLED

ed at frequent intervals, was lovely, mysterious. On the opposite shore

passed a ceaseless line of people shadowed in the water, pilgrims wandering in search of beauty. In

the water's silver sheen, the reflection of an island, reached down, down. Closeby a lone tree grew

out of the lake itself. And so we

wandered on and on under a sky pale rose, from the lights of London's

West End, with pink clouds drifting across the heavens. This is the real

England. Her gardens are her heart

and her soul, the poetry of her JhsL Tbtw.people. HAMMOND

.. Reflections on ELECTRIC ORGAN

One Hundred Years IN IUST OVER ONE YEAR!

In Great Britain.

{Concluded from page 406) THE MIRACLE OF THE AGE!

These were the outstanding featuresthat aroused in me my first interest Never can get out of tune—no pipes or reeds

in the Church."—easy to play—very little upkeep—console

I made a trip recently through the takes up only about four square feet.

three Scandinavian countries, primarily to attend the second annual

M. I. A. Convention of the Norwegian Mission which was held in Write us for further information and Demonstration Data

Bergen, Norway, March 2629, Exclusive Representatives for this Intermountain Area 1937. It was an outstanding event,

covering a period of four days. The

spirit of the great June Conferences at home seemed to permeate all the ros. Music Company

sessions of those four days. A

hundred and twenty officers were in Salt Lake City Ogden attendance at the officer's meeting.

The evening session of the first

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

Compensation (Concluded from page 441) then sat up with a mild shout.

"I thought you'd be pleased,"Bert chuckled. "Pleased!"Bob echoed. "Boy.

there's more to it than that. With

what I've already got I can go East to a technical school. It's what I've

dreamed of all my life."

He was still in a glow of excitement and happiness when he went with the rest of the family to hear

Bert's homecoming speech the following night. He wondered curiously if Bert would be able to stand and

address an audience for the better part of an hour. Do itl Why, Bert

was a whiz! He could talk with the

best of them.

He glanced at his father and mother. In his father's eyes

glistened just the suspicion of a tear as if perhaps, he himself stood in the place of his boy. His mother's face

glowed with an inner joy and pride that Bob had never seen in all his life. "Compensation,"he thought.

The full meaning of the word struck him for the first time. Ah, here was

compensation.

The Advertisers, and Where You Will Find Their Messages Beneficial Life Insurance Co....

Back Clover Brigham Young University...457

Crane Company...403

Deseret Book Company..403

Deseret Mortuary. 458

Deseret News Press..462

Glen Bros. Co...454

Grant, Heber J. & Co...401

Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co..456

KSL Radio Station Inside Back Clover Levi Strauss Co. 401

L. D. S. Business College...459

McGavin, E. Cecil..460

Mountain Fuel Supply...461

Quish School of Beauty Culture403

Shell Oil Co. Inside Front Cover

Utah Engraving Co...463

Z. C. M. I 463

1. Queen and Attendants of Cardston Alberta,

Canada, Gold and Green Ball.

2. Fortyniner roundup M MenGleaners of

Maricopa Stake.

3. Whole group of M MenGleaners at Fortyniner roundup of Maricopa Stake.

4. Queen and Attendants of Gold and Green Ball

of Wendell Ward, Blaine Stake.

5. New M MenGleaner unit organized at San

Diego, California.

6. Scout Troop, Number 38, Carson City, Nevada.

7. Benson Stake Champions of Basketball, winners for three consecutive years.

S. Danish Mission Basketball Team.

9. Ogden Stake M MenGleaner Banquet.

10. Queen of Gold and Green Ball, Baldwin Park

Ward, San Bernardino Stake.

11. Queen and Attendants of Gold and Green Ball.

Tremonton Ward, Bear River Stake.

12. Queen and Attendants of Gold and Green Ball,

Rock Springs Ward, Lyman Stake.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 415)

nothing happened to stampede him, Very soon he appeared again at the beyond all his father's extravagant so the operator directed the receiver office and called for his friend in dreams.

to his ear and the transmitter to Bluff, but the operator rang the This was Tsene-gat, more comhis lips. Timidly and with great little bell and listened in vain. It monly known as Poke's boy. At

hesitation he spoke, and he heard wouldn't work. Mighty valuable nineteen he was the star of first magthe voice of his friend twentyfive information—he knew now how to nitude in the PahUte galaxy of

miles away in Bluff. throttle the thing if ever it threatthieves and robbers and murderers.

But they made no better progened his comfort. Compared with him, Bitseel and

ress than they had before; it was Among the whole string of Posey were saints, and every one of

still Pidgeon English, and the operwhite man inventions there was the plundering gang who mocked ators wondered. They told Posey one with more charm than all the at Haskel's warning, deserved speand his friend to speak in their own rest combined; that was the longcial medals for good behavior.

language. What! Could this range gun. With that under his As a desperado unhampered by

white man's awapavane comprehend fender, and with a revolver concealheart or conscience, Tsene-gat was

PahUte? What dangerous possied under his left arm, a good knife the prize achievement of his grizzlyat his hip and a horse able to fly bear father. With very differentbilities—it almost raised him from

his chair. With fear and uncerpast all others in the country, he childpsychology from that used by

tainty he ventured a native grunt; felt he would be fully prepared to old Cheepoots, Poke trained his son

the answer came clearly in his own meet all emergencies. If he could carefully in the ways he should

barbarous classics and nobody hurt. just get this kind of equipment and not go, and in his very early adoHe spoke again, took a more trustsave it from the perils of ducki, he lescence, the son was a firebrand

ful grip on the thing and spoke would be the conquering chief. If without precedent.

freely. besides that he could strip Bitseel With great frequency from his

string, his cup of joy tender papoosehood he heard his He had learned a lot, but he must clear to the G know one thing further. Riding would be running over. father relate the raid on the horsedown the line out of sight of town, After Blanding came into being, ranch, the plunder they carried

he climbed a pole and cut the wire. Posey made fewer visits to Bluff. away, the blood and ashes they left

Yet he met the big Navajo with behind. Whenever the old man

enough frequency and enough viobegan it, the boy had to have the lence to keep the old feud in good whole picture, including the fourgrowing health. They exchanged teen laid out at Lasal for the crows

damnifying words and bloody and the coyotes. The boy heard VaCUOMEUREKA,CIB1MBB scratches at a big yabetchi where with glee about the fight at South

MODEL "M"the Navajo discovered Posey's bias Montezuma, about the two men dogWith Motor for the supergun, and got a similar ged to death at Soldier Crossing,

Driven Brush one for himself. They must meet and a long string of thrilling occaand Many on equal terms. sions where PahUtes had been Sensational

New Features glorified with white man's blood.

/\nother rival began to These, to the youthful Tsene-gat

The steal Posey's fame, though he were more than the stories of WashWorld's

Finest didn't arouse Posey's jealousy in the ington to the average American boy.

to beenough he was old the When following In the years with Dirt Finding: least. Equipped desperate things gin doing along exploits glorious at Soldier CrossSearchlite

REQUEST FREE TRIAL ing, when the tribe made the grand lines, his father helped him hold

IN YOUR HOME victory march over The Trail of up a man in the streets of the little the TODAY compelling Blanding, town, PHONE a new the Fathers, began raising Poke of a new the dawn It mean may at the point of a gun to pasture man after his This son Eureka son the powerful own heart. day. new Try

the See way. in your own Eureka grew up not only with ambition to the boy's horses over night. Horse floors linoleum and shine Polisher

do all that his father had done, but feed being very scarce at that time,

FOR A LIMITED TIME to put on a program of cussedness the boy considered it a very smart

We will give you the accomplishment. This much by

marvelous, new laborsaving way of indicating the kind of school graduated. Tsene-gat which from eurek/v power frnnn his reporttribes-people of Some dr,ven floor /HI! 1 with that beat wife ed his young he POLISHER If""

a hardtwist rope, and disposed of

Cleaner Old On Your Your For Powerful the New her body in true Jackthe-Ripper of Purchase

Eureka Model "M"style. All the contempt of all his

Z. C. M. I. people for the laws of the United

States, and for the rights of man,

Utah Power & Light Co. were focused in him with a venEureka Vacuum Cleaner Co. geance. But he inherited nothing

177 East Broadway Salt City. Utah of the bravery of his oldbear father Lake

Phone: Wasatch 47G4—he was yellow to the bone.

( To be continued THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

OF BRITISH MISSIONARIES BY YEARS 'INDIAN GIRL NUMBER 18371839 18601869 1887 62 1911 146

AT THE 1837 7 1860 48 1888 64 1912 120 1838 1861 6 1889 77 1913 126 1839 14 1862 19 1914 63 1863 44 Total 637 1915 42 1916 32 CORONATION 21 Total 1864 33 18901899 1 1917 1865 30 1890 101 1918 1866 30 18404849 1891 127 By ROJANEA JACOBS 1919 20. 1867 35 1892 67 5 1840 15 1868

. 79 1 1893 1841 Total 688 35 1869 1894 91..? 1842

19201929 71 1895 2 1843?95 Total 1920 46 167 1896 10 1844 NORA 1921 107 18701879 1897 98 1845 GLADSTONE 68 1922 1898 129 IP 1846 21 1870 1923 66 191 1899 1847 1871 20

82 1924 1848 12 1872 31 1925 73 Total 1121 1849 9 31 1873 80 1926 1874 30 19001909 68 1927 Total 64 1875 50 1928 90 1900 136 41 1876 106 1929 1901 66 1877 58 18501859 1902 136 1878 42 1850 9 Total 786 111 1879 57 1903 1851 8Tn southern Alberta, Canada, 1904 19301937 114 1852 43 1905 1930 120 78 five miles situated from about Total 379....... 1853 24 1931 41 1906 168 St. is the Indian SchoolCardston,....... 1854 25 18801889 1907 151 1932 38

Paul's. This school, under the di1855 13 1880 86 1908 190 1933 43

rection of the Dominion Govern1856 42 1881 52 1909 184 1934 57 21 1882 68 1935 49 to 1857 free providesment, education a 1858 1883 1936 60 Total 54 1376all the of children Indian Anglican 1859 1937 5 1884 52 30 19101919faith, the Reserve. residing Blood on 51 1885

Recently this institution held its Total 191 1886 65 1910 138 Total 390

Silver Jubilee. The orations, toasts,

musical numbers, and presentations, Grand Total for one hundred years (to April 15, 1937) 5947 beall of high standard, a verywere

Britain figures missionaries to Great traveling represent sent *Note—These efficiency thespeaking and excellent of Britishother countries. the thousands unnumbered from do not include They

quality of work accomplished at the born missionaries who have served while still being citizens and residents of their

St. Paul's School. native land. From A Century of "Mormonism"in Great Britain.

At this banquet it was announced that Miss Nora Gladstone, a student of the school, had been chosen by frt>OWil- -..—-...—..—... >ilOli.

the Dominion Government, on the recommendation of Canon Middlejtito ton, to attend the Coronation Ceremony of King Edward VI and his Make VacationQueen, at London, on May 12.

is of Miss a daughter Gladstone

Gladstone,Mr. and and Contribute to Your Mrs. James

z a granddaughter of the late Joe!

Healy, a famous chief and Indian Brigrnrn/'ioung University'interpreter. PROGRESS....

She is seventeen years of age and Wherever you are spending the summer, working or playwill soon become a graduate of St. ing, you can go ahead definitely. By means of Home Study,

Paul's. She is a pretty, cultured girl, you can establish a "onestudent college"in your town and

speaking English perfectly and posearn university credit. You can increase your knowledge

sessing many talents. Through diland otherwise strengthen your mental equipment.

igent efforts she has gained several diplomas in first aid and in music, 165 courses in 22 departments the latter being awarded from the A Card Will Bring You a Catalog "Royal Academy of Music"and the EXTENSION DIVISION"Royal College of Music".

Bessborough (the Lady When UNIVERSITY BRIGHAM YOUNG ofwife of the late GovernorGeneral PROVO UTAH

Canada) visited the school in 1932, "Scholarship—Spirituality—Character"

Miss Gladstone was one of the Girl

Guides, who received the "King's

Color,"from her excellency. nation Ceremony she is making a girl from Western Canada who

Miss Gladstone left Calgary, Altour of the British Isles and other went overseas, and St. Paul's has the

berta, April 27, on a special car for points of interest in the East. honor of being represented at the

Montreal, Quebec. Since the CoroMiss Gladstone is the only Indian crowning of their Majesties.

J

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

ZION IN THE NORTH {Continued from page 429) mill, grist mill and store. In 1894 Falls, Montana. This development hearted support of their Canadian branch

a telephone line was built between brought them large grants of land the heads of the Mormon Church in Utah

Cardston and Lethbridge and ten from the government. As menhopingin the lateto worksummerout theof basisthat yearof a contract(1897)

years later the steel came in. The tioned, their land superintendent with them for the construction of the first

first consignment of outgoing freight was Mr. Magrath. He had become section of our proposed canal by settlers

was the household effects of Heber acquainted with President Card, brought into the country under their control. billed goods wereS. Allen. The for Apostle John and W. Taylor gentlemen dealing "The with we were school the pioneer teacherRaymond, leaders, other Church and was the first, sympathetic an were solely from

and merchant of Cardston having admirer of them. In fact, in his the purpose of giving opportunities to theirfor

been called by the Church Authorbook, The Gaits, Father and Son, people to establish themselves on highly ities to preside over the new stake he says this: productive land in Canada. Finally by

named Taylor and centering in "The Pioneers in that settlement (CardOctoberthat theywewouldhad reachedenter intothea understandingcontract with

Raymond. ston) were a very fine and sturdy lot of us, the main feature being that the newThis suggests the founding of people. Their leader, Charles Ora Card, comers would accept payment for their

settlements to the east of Cardston was a splendid character, who with his canal work—half in cash and the balance

associates fitted all eminently were for in land at $3.00 per acre."

after—Stirling, established by Theodore looking settlers. their In that task

Brandley of Richfield, Utah; Mawives, led by that able woman, Mrs. Card, The canal was built with Mormon

grath, the first bishop of which was were a tower of strength. The early settlers doing the construction work.

Levi Harker, prominent sheepman; settlers, accustomed to irrigation in Utah, With water assured, the beet

constantly to drawing attention our started the wereand Raymond, by sugar industry AlSouthern came to irrigating of the importance the territoryKnights, the late Jesse "Uncle"the enterprise also through.. berta, adjacent to the foothills the of Rockies.

Knight of Provo, and his two sons, "The Gaits understood that fundamental and courage of Utah men, the

J. William and Raymond. All these principle of colonization—namely, the neKnights, father and sons. Mr.

settlements grew out of the introcessity of supplying some kind of temKnight knew of the value of the beet porary for the employment newcomers of irrigation,duction a step in Westfelt that industry that a facin Utah and yield would until a livelihood their landsern for development Canada which give to impetus a real tory would productive. became Elliott Gait's Hence,

the Latterday Saints must be credidea was to tie up irrigation canal conthe development of the Canadian ited and in which they found necesstruction with land settlement and to that colonies of his Church. His sons

sary backing from the Gaits, Sir end we approached—with the whole- {Concluded on page 460)

Alexander T. and his son, Elliott T.

Gait, and their land superintendent,

C. A. Magrath, first mayor of LethBRITISH MISSION BAPTISMS BY YEARS

bridge, later member of parliament A record of the number who have been received into membership in the Church and chairman of the International of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints through the waters of baptism during the past

Joint Commission. century in Great Britain.

18371839 18601869 56? 1887 1911 48? in the '80's Early the beGaits

1928 363 344 1888 1912 600 1860 in interested rich the coalcame 1861 321 2067 1889 376 1913 de18381837 727 posits on the Old Man River near 1839 190 1862 1517 1914 399 what later became the city of 1863 - 2231 Total 6061 1915 798 1910?97 1916 Total 1517 1864Lethbridge. the Canadian With 18901899 1865 1246 1917 319Pacific?39 its 1890 line Railway pushing 18401849 1866 856 1918 248 1891 767 Rockies,westward toward the the 1867 1096 1919 166.2326 1840 336 1892 1868 2091 Sir apparent. were 1841.2883 353 1893 1869 1170 3911 Total 1842 3216 of "FathCanada's 364 1894Alexander—oneopportunities

1843.1195 19201929 >ers 378 1895 of Confederation"—succeeded Total 16112.1762 1844 1920 204 1896 347in raising the in necessary funds 1845.2505 18701879 1921?43 503 1897 theLondon mines and opened were 1846.2354 1870 793 1922 288 539 1898

and railway outlets built, one 1847.2918 1871 654 1899 416 1923 333

stretching as far south as Great 1848.6520 1872 466 1924 -.-- 28?

1849.8620 1873 461 Total.3742 1925 168

1874 530 1926 - 246 Total 34299 1875 171 560 1900190? 1 1927

1876 691 1900 488 1928 23?

18501859 1877 534 1901 986 1929 18?

581 1902 1878 718.8017 1850

- 1903 47? 1879 2349 Total 888.8064 1851 MORTUARY PESERET 60? 1904 -6665 1852 19301936 624 1905 6?Q5 Total Service.4603 1853 Above Al 1 1930 246 1906 676.4530 1854 18801889 245 1931

,. 986 1907.3711 1855 1880 843 1932 267

1908 1734.2947 1856 1881 153 980 1933 938 1909 1857.2405 1882 15? 848 1934

1858.1298 1883 778

1859.1064 1884 537 Total 7587 19351936?06147

1885.- 474 1910191S1

Total 13304 1886 374 1910 963 Total 1416

Grand Total up to 1937 126,593

From A Century of "Mormonism"in Great Britain.

Lit in—n——! ii- -ii ii tiII—HI—MI II—

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

Scriptural Crossword PuzzleAnts and Other Insects Solution to June Puzzle "Go to the ant, thou sluggard; consider her ways, and be wise: Which

1 in the overseer, Provideth or ruler, guide, A her summer, meat and A E R L having no A T A & D 8 6: 6—8. in the her gathereth i food harvest."—Prov. R U E S D T N N T, R.

1 E H A A L N B O JLl

<? 5"1 IM /o L (j iz E A c A M m T P & 7 S 3 *f 1 2

N M A E P E B O A $g 13 IH /5"/6 s O H E P 1 Q A

S 1 l N O G, S c as & '7 1% 19 10 $ o s E L H R B $ ft E E S L M t P h V $IS"&26 Rl 1 1 N E E V la i3 yf G R Q $ 1 & 18 2.7 &4* M A H F O Z P B E Mt

1 E "R '-It O nM?:Si'LL

-v"'."mNjtr M 30 3| 32. 33 a,

3V 3JT '.36 37 SB 3i 3 VO &V/ 2 L. D. S. Training Pays!

'fs *H r- V6 f?

n v? jl JT(

2. S3 sv -ry

i6 3"7 i* S? Go

61 4i 43 <W 65"(.(> 67 b 6%

t? 7o 7/ & ACROSS This Booklet

i Exclamation used to frighten 40 European blackbird 3 "as Will tell you 1 example... for multitude"Judg. 6: 5 4345 VerbForm assumed by insect.1 For

14 Trouble 47 Feminine proper name. "...15 Why.

16 Lowest, deckevery ofonea vesselthat thirsteth"4849 ChiefHoly Romangods ofEmpireTeutonic(Lat.)pantheon

Analysis Russian weight; load (.anag.) 5117

Part of the Bible It will tell you about op52 Preposition19 20 Mother of Hezekiah 2 Kings 18: 2 53 John 'he Baptist ate them portunities in the field of

21 Jurisdiction 56 Noah built one Gen. 8: 20 business and about the redeer Male Austrian measure; elides (anag.) 5724

Part of "be"quirements of those who 59 Hastened26 27 Suffix denoting morbid condition 62 A lefthanded deliverer Judg. 3:1! would qualify for the BET28 Insect in the wilderness Deut. 8:15 63 Negative TER positions.

seen his vessel 64 "we have Blood30..."It will tell about our

of insects form "little Immature... lamb"2 Sam. 12: 3 6632

33 Prefix denoting priority 68 Part of the Bible courses, methods of study, 34 Egyptian plague Ex. 8: 24 69 Trap of an insect rates of tuition, employ35 Palmetto State 70 Insect named for food Lev. 11'. 22 ment service, and other

Preposition36 71 New England state matters of interest to those

Direction38 DOWN whoing. seek business train-

1 Insects that Samson saw Judg. 14: 8 31 City where Og lived Deut. 1: 4 2 King of Bashan Josh. 13: 12 37 "to seek a..."1 Sam. 26: 20 May we send you a

3 Southern state 39 Ridiculous copy? Just fill out and mail

41 Historical Frees Society Royal 4 the coupon below.

5 city of Cathedral 42 "a mixture of myrrh and..,"England

6 "and the... flee away"43 Indulged

7 Exclamation 44 Pronoun L. D. S. BUSINESS 8 Bitter vetch "The fining... is for silver"46

9 Island of West Indies 48 "consider her ways"Prov. 6: 610 "The lily maid of Astolat"50 Pronoun COLLEGE

11 The prodigal son was given one 54 "... me to understand"Job 6: 24 70 North Main Street

Insect in palaces meter12 Prov. 30: 28 Cubic 55

that Insect plague Third 18 of Egypt Christ mentioned Salt Lake City, Utah 58 19 Mountain 59 ".. they tell him"Mark 1: 30

Set21 on (Austral.) a dog 60 Another insect named by Christ Please send me the booklet,

of Israel 1 Kings 16: 22 22 61 King Consumed

23 "hath the... eaten"Joel 1: 4 64 South Wales "Planning Your Future."

25 Upright 65 Hebrew month Name officer "I will send... before thee"6626 Army

29 Plant 67 Indian mulberry Address - 30 Astern THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

ZION IN THE NORTH (Concluded from page 458) the United Irrigation District and Latterday Saints in fact will be had secured ranching lands in the today there are three flourishing found in positions of prominence and country and in 1 900 the mining man wards in the area. The Church has trust in all spheres of activity in the

himself journeyed to Canada. He disposed of most of the land to the Dominion. They have not shirked

was deeply impressed with the oppeople but still operates a ranch of the responsibilities of citizenship in portunities in the region just open29,000 acres stocked with cattle and peace or in war, as the records will ing up and made a deal with the sheep. show. When President Card and

Gaits for certain lands adjacent to The Church supported its faith his company entered Canada's

Raymond on the understanding that in the Canadian country by its Northwest half a century ago they he would have a sugar factory ready works, a fact that has not been were looked upon by many with for operation in the fall of 1903. It missed by statesmen and industrial suspicion. Much of this was corlikelooked undertakan impossible and

ing at the time, jourbut the factory was leaders.Northern IrrigationWhen theDistrict,Lethbridgeformed rectedTaylor whenand PresidentApostles LymanCard

completed as agreed and the first years later, required expert guidance neyed to Ottawa as early as 1888 beets were sliced November 2 of that in the working out of its developand met that great statesman, Sir year. The next year this pioneer ment program, it was Dr. John A. John A. MacDonald, prime minister,

Canadian sugar mill ran forty days Widtsoe of Utah who was called in and members of his cabinet. Many

and handled 11,900 tons of beets, by the Alberta Government to head of their requests of the federal govyielding 13.7 per ernment cent sugar were refused but they made of inquiry. or 3,- a commission The Widt-

1 60,000 pounds. impression. the building a favorable With soe from Report emerging the probe

of the sugar factory, Raymond has been a valuable aid in formulatSo moves the stirring drama ofsprang up policies relating and soon became an iming to this one this in the "Zion North."Theportant center. In project. acre hundred thousand Blackfeet, the the of hunting ground

'T'he "Canada Boom"was on in the same field, A. E. Palmer, presbuffalo, the trader, missionary,

earnest and special excursions ident of the Lethbridge Stake of the march of the Northwest Mounted, were run from Utah bringing many Church, Utah State Agricultural the "squatter"ranchers, the Morassistant College graduate and reunionshappy not perand a few sumon pioneers, the plowing of the perintendent of the Lethbridge settlers. Inmanent Ex1906 the Church

embarked on a colonization scheme periment Station, is looked upon as plains, the wire fence, irrigation, northwest of Cardston, purchasing one of Canada's foremost authorsugar industry, building of towns for the purpose the desirable 66,000 ities on irrigation and also on soil and cities, schools and churches, the acre tract of the Cochrane Ranching control methods in the semiarid Great Temple, the hope of TomorCompany. This tract later became regions of the West. row!

BRITISH MISSION EMIGRATION BY YEARS

EIGHTY YEARS AGO A partial* record of the British members of the Church of Jesus Christ of this month the sad news reached the celeLatter-day Saints who have left the mother country during the past century.

brating Saints that an army was marching toward Utah. 18401849 18601869 18801889 19001909

the from Fresh Press, Boston, Meador 135. 1840. 290 808 1900 1860 665 1880 is Mass., of that story the full expedition: 1901 445.. 1841 705 1861 1881 1150 807

253 1902 1842.1083 1398 1862.1053 1882

1903 255 U. S. SOLDIERS 1843 1457. 475 1883....... 1863.1599

270 1844. 804 1904 431 INVADE.1272 1864 1884 UTAH

of the E. Cecil Principal By McGavin, 1905 280.. 1845 697 276 1865 1885 515 Fork Spanish Seminary, and 1906 363. of 1846 122 644.1132 1866 1886 AN THE MORAPOLOGY FOR authorOF BOOK 447 1907. Masonry.. and and Mormonism MON, 1847 133 1867 1887 271 477

1908 324 that: Did you know 1848. 39? 369 1868.1732 1888

1. Elder captured lohn Taylor was 1909 423 by the 1849.1900 1869 1889 447. 878 troops offered poisoned and in Wyoming

food? 3195 soldiers bribed the trapped 2. The InTotal 5784 Total 9924 TotalTotal 8219 Total offering to dians kill the them Mormons, 19101919 for for slaughter the $150 $1000 every and

555 1910 of Lot Smith? head 18501859 18901899 18701879

3. Colonel journeyed from Kane Wash337 1911

to California ing the desert across and in 1850 1048 1870 1890 835 347 1912 of to parties the the winter bring two dead 1851 1871 1891 990 688 218 1913 the table the before spring around peace portals the unlocked with blocked snow 1852 581 1872 1892 737 283 1914 and 1853 1778 881 1873 1893 225 1915 4. in Valley Floyd Cedar became ice?Camp

1854 2109 1894 1874 650 third 86 largest city the 1916 in for the state, time a having there more than people were in 1855 2686 1875 1895 389 153 1917

Salt City? Lake 1856 2434 1876 1896 349 100 1918 5. night, at soldiers Drunken returning

unable to give the pass word, were shot 1857.....1208 1877 669 1897 94 1919

the guard? dead by 1858 122 1878 1898 903 112

6. of immorality plague introduced was A 1879 399 1899 812 106 Total 89? at military the post slavers 1859 white where

their plied vicious trade, their buying 19201929 victims for $150 young a year?

256 of soldiers to the 7. Most the Total 12355 Total 6913 Total.4849 1920 returned

battle fields of the Confederacy, spilling

1'their blood in the first two battles of the Grand total 52.387 war?

Read this fascinating book by a courageous -writer. with many in this included unrecorded *Not figure are an and inestimable number who pictures to beforeIt is illustrated the public. never shown Britain have individually or in left Great small groups without their departure Price $2.00 300 pages.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY having been noted in any of the Church records or publications.

City, Salt Lake Utah From A Century of "Mormonism"in Great Britain.

His other are books $1.00 each. two

"460 "—""""

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

MARYMAID IN WAITING TO A QUEEN

(Continued from page 427)

Let me have Robert bring out a boy NO MOVING A*lS day followed dayfriend for you."

democratic young,stories of the slowly, her head shook Mary all the over city. HerQueen spread I I can't Alice, would do that. "No, thoughtdignity, her hercomposure, tells me but—something tongue, everyfulness on were and liketo wait.friendsI want to serve my Queen."nuns to these discussed in girls Henri'sthe

stories with delight. "Small chance you have of serv-

"The young Queen is very gay ing her as maid in waiting! Why

and happy,"said Alice Teale to the list of those who covet that place

Mary. "Every day she rides in the is a long one. I'd not care for it.

been always a WEAR she But 'Let people see me,'Park. my

too queer you—you'vegirl, Mary. You spend yesterday. Ah, hersays. I saw

it's nice to have a young ruler, King much time alone, dreaming and studying. out have a good and Get and so old and sickWilliam was

always. time, you'll not with SERVEL be young girl carriage. closed in a Therode

Queen is much nicer."It's better to have fun.""Oh! Alice! Did you really see But Mary shook her head. She ELECTROLUX

her? Is she pretty?"Mary asked preferred her dreams and her study. REFRIGERATOR THEeagerly. But as the days slipped into fa

"Well, not pretty, maybe, but so months and the months into years gracious, so attractive, that you forshe began to think that Alice was get to wonder if she's pretty or not."right. She might as well surrender

"How was she dressed?"her dreams and ambitions and get

"In black, for her uncle you know; out with the crowd who danced and

but her tippet and cuffs were white, played every night and had no and there was a tiny edge of white thought of the future at all. Three

lace showing under her small black years had passed since that mornbonnet. She is going to let Henri ing when she had gazed so eagerly

make her dresses for all the state at the picture of the Queen. She

parties! I heard him telling Mawas no nearer her desire than she

dame Maude so."had been then; sorrowfully she de-

"Oh, wonderful! I hope I get to cided that she never would attain

hem them,"Mary cried. it. Once she had been allowed to

"You will! Henri thinks no one put the finishing touches on one of

in the shop can do such."lovely stitchthe Queen's gowns. But she hading as you do. I—never seen that Queen except as she

"Sh!"warned Mary, "Here comes passed her in some great parade onMadame Maude."the street or as Victoria rode in the That's why you get:

Silence fell over the sewing room. Park. More Years of Satisfaction

Madame Maude, who was the head of the sewing room, disliked chatter. # Comfort of Permanent Silence

great day news A hen one silent girls accomplishthoughtShe Continued Low Operating Cost the room. spread through sewing work.ed more

The days flew by. Mary too saw Alice brought in the paper with the # Perfect Food Protection

the Queen and was charmed. Again news.

the old dream of being maid in "The Queen is to be married! SAVINGS THAT PAY

waiting to this Queen came to her, Albert, her chosen prince, is now at but it was only a dream. She would the Palace. No one thought the FOR IT

just of autoare kinds two give for a There in to him would Queen she at Henri's sewingbe was when refrigerators: those matic with movcourt- time, long his whirlwind but. parts Electroing Servel often bent,.. and shea little, old woman,

feared. ship swept her off her feet. They atlux,all.whichAs ahasresultno ofmovingits simpler,parts

efficient operation. Servel to soon!"be married So cried more desire are her confided she day One Electrolux gives longer, more you imagination Alice had a great.. who satisfactory service Alice,. worthwhileto friend her best was who

among the girls. Alice stared at and a love of romance. today.savings Inspectyear afterthe year.1937 GasStopRein

her in amazement, then laughed. Henri was in a fever of excitefrigerator!

"Oh Mary, you're a funny girl! ment, for he was to have the honor Easy Terms

It's a hard task I think, the maids of fashioning the wedding dress of are cooped up there like—like white Spitalfield lace.chickens! I'd rather sew here at "The Queen wants only clothes MOUNTAIN FUEL

Henri's all day and at night stroll made in England for her trousseau,"

Piccadilly with and standdown girls. is to dress the gossiped "Her SUPPLY COMPANYRobert and watch on London Bridge ribbons her Henri; be come 36 made by South State Wasatch 1300

the River Thames slip along to the from Coventry; her veil is of HonServing 21 Utah Communities

sea. I know what you need, Mary! (Continued on page 462)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

MARYMAID IN WAITING TO A QUEEN (Continued from page 461) iton lace and even her gloves are to Great was the excitement in the so thickly that her feet made no be made in London of English kid."shop when the silk for the wedding sound as she went. Beautiful paint-

"And just think of the lovely kid dress was really there. The girls ings flashed a bit of color at her but

gloves made in France which she took stolen glances at it, and every she hardly saw any of the grandeur, could have,"sighed one. one stroked the lustrous folds. her thoughts were all of the Queen

But Mary loved her Queen more "Will the Queen come in person whom she was soon to see, face to every day because of her devotion to to have it fitted?"Mary asked. face.

England and to her people. "If I Hope flared in, her heart that she For a minute she could scarcely

could but get to see her, I would might get to help fit the dress on the believe that the eagereyed, laughing have courage to beg her to let me slender form of the ruler. girl who stood with clasped hands in

serve in the palace as maid,"she "Oh, no! But some one of us may the middle of the big room which

thought wistfully, but what chance be chosen to carry the dress to the they entered was the Queen.

had a sewing girl of seeing and talkPalace. It will need to be taken "Oh, my dress, Dacy dear, take

ing to the Queen? several times; I hope it's I,"returned it from the girl; I can hardly wait to

Alice. see it. What is your name, my

Mary's face flushed rosyred. dear?"a kind voice was saying.

Oh, she wanted to be that one! She "Mary Downey, your Majesty,"

was one of the oldest employees, she murmured.

she had always tried to do her work "Help Mary, Dacy!"ordered the

well. Surely Henri would choose girl Queen.

her. He must! So soon she and Dacy had helped

As work progressed on the garthe little Queen into the long, stiff, ment, Mary held desperately to her statelylooking dress. Long sleeves

determination that M. Henri should hid the rounded arms; a high collar

choose her to take the dress to the encased the soft white throat; the

palace for the fittings. heavy folds swept the floor. The

At last the day came when the Queen stared into the mirror fixedly.

dress must be fitted. Henri entered She looked very serious, very solemn

the sewing room and stood talking for a second, then the ready smile to Madame Maude. Mary's strong broke over her face as she turned

desire, the eagerness on her face, and gazed at the reflection of hervery were apparent to all the girls. Sudself.

denly Henri said: "You're right; "It's marvelous, almost a perfect

she is always trustworthy; she's the fit! I feel very old and wise and

one to do it,"and wheeling, he called dignified,"she almost whispered.

out: "Mary Downey, please come to Then the dress was taken off and rtae the office for instructions. You are wrapped in its tissue covers for

it back to the shop. All the details of apparel, to go to the Palace and fit the dress Mary to carry on the Queen."She made careful note with basting

stationery, etc., in her As in a dream, Mary entered the thread and pins of the few changes.

it out a bit great adventure are of office, listened to the words of A stitch or two here, let the utmost importance. Henri, received the box from his there. More confidently she faced

the purpleclad smiled footman; he carhuge box hand—a it was—and Correctness and smartcab. as enter the he watched her it carefully, ried tenderly to the waitness are our watchwords ing hansom cab. Her heart was full 'Ow himportant she feels,"he

in Wedding Stationery. of thankfulness. murmured.

dress time the took the By Mary line See our smart new stairs the the to she ascended As final lost for the out time she had felt of the door Palace she almost for the of her Queen. She much awe

fright. suffocated with This was Prices $7.00 felt in at halls almost the wide home serious a such she moment, must lovely loved rooms, old she and and for 100 just right. everything And up do Wedding fair ever. ruler the than more young

Invitations or Announce- "A box from Henri's,"she stamHow would she live after these days ments. mered as the footman opened the were over and she knew that she

door. "I'm to wait,"she added, was to go back to her humdrum exfearful lest he should take the box istence?

and close the great door against her. As the Queen adjusted the dress

He smiled and showed her into a and inspected it minutely before putsmall waiting room. ting it on for the last time—before

she wore it as a bride—she said,Pi Deseret Jtresently a young girl "Henri tells me that you are a faabout her age peeped into the room. mous little needlewoman."

She smiled gaily at Mary and mo- "Yes, Your Majesty, I am. It isNews Press tioned her to follow. Clutching her lucky too. I've been with Henri

29 Richards St. precious box, Mary hurried after the ever since father and mother died.

Salt Lake City girl, down spacious halls carpeted My needle has kept me from want."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1937

MARYMAID IN WAITING TO A QUEEN Making Friends With

Fleef Sfreet Mary's voice trembled a bit because often wondered if all those years of ( Concluded from page 443 of the kindness in the tones of the campanionship with the Queen had loved voice and because she was been only a dream. Then she would In the effort to get our message

soon to hear that voice no more. steal softly to her attic and open two presented favorably to the British

"I'm alone in the world,"she added. great trunks. In them were laces, public it was only natural that other

She dropped her head to hide the linens, silks and a massive set of fields should be opened. A contact

sudden tears, but Victoria had seen. silver tableware which the Queen was made with the British Movie-

"All alone!"she said, turning had given her when she reluctantly tone news, as a result of which we

quickly and laying a hand on the gave her consent for Mary to leave received a phone call from the dibowed head. Mary fumbled at the her service and go so far away with rector of one of the programs. Two

dress blindly. She must control herher young husband. weeks later one of our Elders, introas a missionary the of duced Morself! think the would Queen What the howled Often wind when the Church, before appeared mon her?of father have or no "You trees the great her through around British in the newsreel. moviegoers or or sisters?"brothersmother came listen tickthe to home would Mary Millions him. heard and saw question.the little tock, in ticktock, the clock of

its editorial the Birmingpage On one,"the anno "No, low was its case ornamental the which Queen swer. had given her as a delicate rebuke ham Gazette not long since devoted

"Why, why, Mary! my dear girl, for tardiness, and then she would see the better part of a column to the

I think I need someone as skilful again the face of the young Queen Mormon people. The closing senwith the needle as you are. How she had loved and served. At such tence read:

would you like to come and be with times she would drop to her knees "The Mormons are now regarded as honest, Godfearing people who live acas of maidsin-waiting? oneme my bless dear the pray: "Father, and

cording to tenets."clean, healthy is of girls the leaving soon, toOne give her her wise, Queen; and make

married.be at could come You length of days."prayers her And is this the press of notype Andonce."for surely grathe answered, were tices that efaid to the have come

lifted tearstreaked a but Mary girl cious lived to celebrate Queen forts of of the Christ Church Jesusradiant face for incredulous an rule, sixtyfourth of her year and in Britain since the Great has way thenglance she sprang forward and she died age an when named was for to been missionaries our opened theclasped her. to extended hand for her. Victorian was The Age friends Street. Fleet with make

it if kissed cried: she sheAs "Oh, all to of blessing prosperity one and

iiiiniiiiiiiMiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiMiiiiiMimiiniiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii'i U I I'll may, best the in be the maid flag lived the of land the under whoworld. I've dreamed of this for the young Queen ruled over. I WE OFFERyears but never imagined it could I A COMPLETE ENGRAVING

happen."Mary came to love her adopted SERVICE

she land forgot but home, never and = portraits largest to Missionary the From "It's f settled,"declared the Queen. catalogues. the she with spent days happy had to Attention. the Mail Orders palace she Given Prompt came, So where

ruler, the great wise and good andshe fast and friends Dacy became CO. ENGRAVING UTAH she she as never and loved another

St. 113 City, Salt Regent Lake Utah whereand soon the was Mary | her 1 1 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 loved 1 1 1 1: 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 11 11 1 1 1 1 it 1 1 1 trusthad Queen. iiiDi 1111111 iiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiii'

It ofed the maid Queen. was Mary

who wore a seal ring like Victoria's and signed her letters and papers, and it was Mary to whom the Queen said one day: "The Empress Eugenie is in England now. She is an

exile from France since Napoleon

Third is deposed; she is very sad

and lonely and needs a friend and helper. I'm going to lend you to."her for a time—only for a time—

So for several months Mary traveled over Europe with the lovely, sad Eugenie. Once even, in a city

hostile to the Empress, Mary donned her clothes and sat white, proud and a bit scornful in Eugenie's place while the Empress sat in the lowly seat of the maid.

herself, she said to Often "It paid new summer fabriclto to dream and study to and do Wontong my best. If I had not, I might still

be sewing in Henri's shop."dots! checks! stripes! florals! c

the latest scorchers easilytubbed now for Sew fabric yd.

for a keeping cool. ahead—inIt's a "must"you summer wardrobe.

inches wide. IVJLany, many years later for36when Mary lived as a pioneer in the 98

great Northwest of the United Send Mail Orders to Marpot Manners

States with her pioneer husband she Salt Lake City, Utah ZCMI 463

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY of its quota, I think such an effort justifies an expression

I. especially A. its M. the and commending Second Ward, first is short it like the or o you Coronation—whether this for untiringly officers willingly and have worked who first is o, remember; syllable in as odd. The /cor—shortnot, achievement. in syllable, this the as in accent as na, and with obey; a on o

truly yours, Very in circus. the are; with as shun u

Merrill, L. (Signed) H. else for to travel or anywhere England you Via—when Stake Era Director. it: in the i as the matter, that vi and accent with pronounce

ice; a as in sofa.

En route—which was given last July, an—a as in arm; roof,

with the accent.

FROM ARIZONA St. Johns, Arizona.

The Improvement Era 50 North Main St.

Salt Lake City, Utah Gentlemen: will expire.Era to the that subscription reminded my AM

I issue, the thought it all brought the present with and mind—"What the Bra Means to my Home."to my WAITER: "Yes, sir,LOWwe doVOLTAGEall our cooking by electricity."

Even though I may have at my hand other prominent Patron: "Well, then, please take this egg out and give

literature worthy of anyone's time, I must first read and it another shock."Selected.

reread the Era. The thought came to me of all the wonderfully inspired and notable articles published in the Era during KNEW HER LANDMARKS

the influence in the past they wielded few years, have and Lady: "Captain, would you please help me find Old my Dear

life. that the important said I think and it might be is an Era stateroom?"my

outstanding missionary and guide in the life of every LatterCaptain: "Have you forgotten what number it is, madam?"

day Saint. D. O. L.: "Yes, but I'll know it if I see it again; there

I know the joy and satisfaction the staff of the Era must was a lighthouse just outside the window."Vision.

derive from having the privilege of working in giving to us this wonderful Improvement Era. SUPPOSE IT'S A SCOTCH COW

Yours sincerely, (Signed) Myrlan G. Brown. Mrs."Tammas,Gordon Tammas,"came into theshe houseexclaimed,in a state"there'sof alarm.a cow in

FROM LOS ANGELES the"Dinnagarden!"stand here wastin'valuable time,"replied Tammas;

Dear Era Officials: "get back and milk it before it gets oot."Selected.

is issue! Grant's "President a wonderful

Security,"TheEventfulApril Year,"Era "Church Supreme Court,""The COURTESY FIRST in Begins "Life the Church Marches News,"On,""Time "The for six to trying hours hook been had angler, who 80,"in at the Missions,""Progress "Markers,""Nauvoo,"AN sitting his task at mother something, gloomily a was when opinion, (in "Salt Pioneers,"Temple,"and an Lake "Iowa my along. her small son came and interior) idea excellent to explain so it and and down on show

let the catch cried see a youngster, out "do "Oh,"you me line. the

fish!"time to before read our it, so I gave today copy I had away

severely, angler, said the the mother Addressing "Now, copies please enclosed as the as check $1.00 me many 'Please!'"fish for says, don't Tit- a until he him you catch will California. Angeles, Avenue, North Los Hudson buy—142send Bits. from good wish Every

Adele Cannon Howells. ANYWAY. YOU DIE

FROM WALES Patient: "Doctor, are you sure this is pneumonia? SomeDear Brethren: times doctors prescribe for pneumonia and the patients

else."to of prosdie lodge in something the once morning came the Era myThis

(with dignity) D. industrial center of perous M.: "When I prescribe for pneumonia, Dock. Wales, Pembroke West

Having left Merthyr Tydfil on the last day of 1936, and you die of pneumonia."Selected.

found myself in this now quiet town on New Year's Day, alone, in the capacity of an Elder. I am serving now in the

last half of my third mission.

I have read a free copy of The Improvement Era through my past missions, and I somehow feel that the Church has been too kind to me. Indeed, every time it came to me I felt

indebted to the organization of The Improvement Era, and wanted to help in its beneficial success and prosperity through 1937, and towards the eternal life of our most valuable magazine. I have enclosed payment for six months'subscription,

$2.00, please send me the receipt. It can come to me through

c/o The British Mission, as usual. I am exceedingly grateful

to you for furnishing me gratis for the past years. CAUSE FOR REMORSE Sincerely,

Elder Evan Arthur. "D o-hoooo,"wailed the little boy.

AN APPRECIATION the kindhearted'Well, sonny,old lady.what seems to be the trouble,"inquired

Dear Brethren: "Pop drowned all our kittens."

to do."do it."Selected.ThethisIdahoyear Fallsin TheSecondImprovementWard hasEramadedrive.an enviableThe enclosedrecord "My,"Yeah,whathe promisedan awful I thingcould

subscriptions will give the Second Ward about 208 per cent

?*.Stf*.11*

o UO&

3e *ft'Ol**.*itfiw*'vesBjgf**

isy Daar 3i* s

o* c*r,.* *4&s**-pS3SS?JS*iJ& >iei om*S.*:-e a?* * e

*nv\.",V*S3S?S&*&*iowj;r: a *

gao w *&,.m#*..** reo

(D. Oft \)0&&.

"The Voice of the West"carries to far places! KSL welcomes this letter, appreciates such remarkable comment. But KSL still enjoys no

greater pleasure than providing consistently good radio entertainment for your enjoyment.

THE VOICE

OF THE WEST Friend to Man AAs the seagulls, in time of sorest trial, proved saving friends to the Pioneers, so does life insurance, in man's darkest hour, bring aid and comfort. Since its beginning this strong company has held fast to the simple

pioneer virtues of courage and fair dealing

Consult your local Beneficial agent or write the home office

The Sea Gull Monument... to the gulls which in the summer

of 1848 saved the crops of the Pioneers from grasshoppers.

Beneficial Life InsurHome Office—Beneance Company ficial Life Building, Heber J. Grant, Pres. BENIFICIAL LifE Salt Lake City, Utah ilsiMieij#i e imp lif