Featured in this issue:

The Church in Polynesia

RAROTONGA

putyour bestfoot

... forward gain a

foothold on the future!

Going to B.Y.U. is something special. It is

one of the world's great universities, yet it is unlike any other in the world. It combines the

finest academic, physical and spiritual training in an ideal social climate. The highly trained

and dedicated faculty teaches unusually motivated students in finest classrooms and laboratories.

Special things, like going to B.Y.U. are worth

working for, and students planning to seek a superior B.Y.U. education should prepare for it.

Demand is great, but there is always room for the good scholar.

Here are some things to remember to make sure you qualify: Applications for admission

must be accompanied by two copies of transcript of credits and scores of the American

College Test. All entering freshmen must take

the American College Test. It is given in every

state. Obtain materials from your high school

principal. One test remains before the B.Y.U.

application deadline. Register April 25 to

June 4 to take the test on June 25.

remember these dates

Summer School, first term June 13July 15

Summer School, second term.. July 1 8-Aug. 19

Application deadline, fall semester term. July 30

New student orientation Sept. 13, 14

Registration, fall semester Sept. 1517

Classes begin Sept. 1

apply now—and startyourfuture on the rightfoot

B.Y.Uprovo, utah

Exploring

: "": fe-:;:/the

Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

OUR SUN AND THE MILKY WAY

Our sun is about halfway from the center to the edge of the pan- X cakeshaped Milky Way galaxy, the diameter of which light takes about 100,000 years to travel. Our galaxy

contains about 100 billion stars and rotates once in about 250 millionyears. The nearest galaxy to our Safety In

own is called the Andromeda galaxy or Messier 31, and its light takes about two million years to reach us. The distance is measured

by the period of pulsation of the

Cepheid variable star which reveals its true size and luminosity. State Savings has six branches in Hawaii, one in

Clearfield, Utah, and a home office in Salt Lake City.JAPANESE ABORIGINES

The employees in each office represent a cross section

Recent examination of the origins of the Japanese people indicates of residents of each area and are of several nationalities.

that man was active in the Japanese

Islands about as early as in Europe. There is a great advantage in having the benefit of

finds of skeletonsRecent show that thinking, customs and practices of all of these people.

all the physiaborigines were not cally similar to the surviving modIt helps STATE to understand its customers and serve ern Ainu, but some look like modern Japanese. them better.

There's safety in saving with a firm that is established in two market areas where the economies are not highly affected by each other.

For security and understanding service, save at

STATE SAVINGS. The rate on insured savings is high,

too.

BRANCH OFFICES:

A MILLION MILLION CELLS A human being is made up of 75KingSouth& BishopState Sts., Clearfield,Honolulu,UtahHawaii CUCREMT

over a million million cells. An aver2855 E. Manoa Road, Honolulu, Hawaii rc

cell contains 200 milage size about 3583 Waialae Ave., Honolulu, Hawaii 4W

lion million Professor molecules,

John Tyler Bonner of Princeton Wahiawa, Oahu, Hawaii

University has estimated. Kaneohe, Oahu, Hawaii

Waipahu, Oahu, Hawaii AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

Home Office:

56 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

MAY!966 353

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Laterday Saints

Contents for June 1966 Volume 69, Number 6

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

Your Question: Chastity and Dress, President Joseph Fielding Smith...-. 367 Art353, 356, 464Ed Maryon

364, 430 - Jeanne Lindorff The Church Moves On, 440; Melchizedek Priesthood: The Business of Raising Boys, 426: Pre369—Douglas Johnson

siding Bishopric's Page, 428. 370,374—414NormanTed F.NagataPrice

428 - Dale Kilbourn Special Features 451, 456—Sherry Johnson

June Conference 1966 359 Lettering:364, 415, 430 - Maurice Scanlon

Family Movie of Year Award = - 360 462 - John Bullock

Home Happiness 369 Photos:360 - Deseret News

Genealogy: A Total Look 370 416426 -—WilliamColumbiaBealPictures

Teaching: Religious Commitment and Going to College, Kenneth Godfrey.. 412 449, Linschoten452, 458463 - Eldon

Best of Movies, Howard Pearson 416

Since Cumorah: Problems, Not Solutions, Hugh Nihley 419

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 420, 422, 436

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 353; These Times: Many Islands, G. Homer

Durham, 356.

The Era of Youth 449 The Last Word - 464

The Church in Polynesia The Editor's Page: Sauniatu, President David O. McKay 364

Prologue 373 Map of Polynesia - - 374 French Polynesia, Doyle L. Green 377

Hawaii, Jay M. Todd—383

New Zealand, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 389

Samoa, Donna Higgins 395 ADVERTISINGERA POLICY REGARDINGOF DRINKS 403 CONTAINING CAFFEINETonga, Carter E. Grant—

Rarotonga, Darold M. Marlowe 409

Stake and Mission Leaders in Polynesia 363 notTheacceptImprovementadvertising forErabeverdoes ages that contain caffeine. AFamily and Home Features number of inquiries have been

Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor received concerning the Tab

The Heart of a Mother 430 softpage drink233 ofad thethat Marchappears1966on

Home, Sweet Home 434 issue. Before accepting this ad,

we had the drink analyzed for caffeine content by the Utah Stories, Poetry State Chemist's office. The test

Mother Trouble, Irene Huot 415 number10, 1966.is Their66C404,reportFebruaryreads:

Poetry 366, 368, 422, 443, 444, 447 "Caffeine: none."DLG

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt City, Utah 84111

Editor; Carter Darold Zobell, L. Research Editor; Jr., Albert Managing L. Doyle Evans, Richard and O, David McKay

D. Hanks, The MarionE. Grant, Pinnock, Today's Family Associates; Editorial Florence L.Knowles,Green, COVER M. THE Eleanor Gabbott, M.Editors;Todd, Jay Jones Mabel Marlowe

General Art Director; Reynolds, Art Youth RalphEditor; EraB. Editor; Keith Montague, The Associate of Youth Era The Cannon, Editor; Elaine of Youth Era of

Artist. F. Price, Staff Director; Norman Tahiti, Samoa, Photographs from

Editors. Contributing Gardiner, A. B. Sperry, Sidney S. Alma Harris, Nibley, Jr., Franklin Hugh Durham, G. Homer Hawaii, Tonga, Zealand, and New

Subscription Snarb, Manager; Business F. Scott, A. Glen General Manager; Verl S. Associate Jacobsen, Florence Manager; General Smith, Jr., G. Carlos our Rarotonga up make

Representatives. Advertising S. Smith, Evans, Director; Glenn Thayer are: cover.Tonga—The photographers

Rarotonga—Vernon Coombs; M. Mutual Saints, published and by the 1966, Christ Latterday of of of Jesus Association Church The Improvement Mutual Men's Superintendent, Young General

subscripmultiple Jr.; price, in year, advance; Craghead, George a Robert Subscription $3.00 reserved. rights All of Christ Latterday of of Associations Jesus Church The Improvement

price. threeyear the to a year L. year, Green. $2.50 Saints.added $8.25; succeeding others—Doyle years, each tions, 3 $5.75; years, 2

act section in for 1103, provided of postage special rate at for mailing matter. Acceptance secondclass as Office, Salt City, Utah at Lake the Post Entered

2, 1918. authorized of 1917, July October

of at rate the 2* acceptance for are paid on Manuscripts contributions. welcomes manuscripts but unsolicited is for responsible not Era The Improvement

return. delivery for and sufficient postage accompanied by a be must and word full in color lithographed Cover magazine. Address the of issue recent slip a address from include please change, is of ordering a address. for change required notice When days'Thirty Press Deseret hv News is included. one well the as as old unless the new address cannot changes be made

3 54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Four great Books For Your Home Library

AS1. TRANSLATED CORRECTLY $2.50

by Mark E. Petersen

An interesting and informative discussion of Bible translations, ancient and modern. Elder Petersen gives you a better appreciation of the inspiration behind Joseph Smith's words in the

Articles of Faith... "We believe the Bible to be the Word of

God as far as it is translated correctly."

WHO2. AM I $5.95

by Ahin R. Dyer

Questions most often asked by individuals are "WHO AM I?"

... "WHERE DID I COME FROM?"... and "WHAT IS

MY DESTINY?"This volume will give answers to these ageold questions that have perplexed man from the beginning of

time. Authoritative and welldocumented, it explains the meaning of earthlife existence from the concepts revealed from God

in this dispensation.

PERSONAL COMMUNICATION: How to Understand and Be Understood $2.95

by Neil J. Flinders

To fall short in communication invites misunderstanding, withdrawal or aggression, and acts by others and ourselves inimical to the common good. To help us to bridge the distance between

each of us and the other individuals on this globe requires

WRITE NOW understanding of one's own self, then understanding of the

Deseret Book 44 East Company, Temple, Salt South

City, 7,77 other "selves."To help us achieve this personal communication Lake Utah 841 10 or Deseret Book Company,

South Main, Orange, California 92669. and to understand and be understood, the author has prepared

Please send me the following books circled 12 3 4. an excellent and most readable discussion on an important

I enclose check/money order for total cost.,. Utah subject. The principles discussed in this book are meshed in

residents ordering from Salt Lake store must include such a way to be of value to teenagers and adults alike.

Vh% Utah tax. Calif, residents ordering from Orange

store must include 4% Calif, tax.

Name MEET THE MORMONS $2.95

by Doyle L. and Randall L. Green

Address, A magnificent pictorial introduction to the "Church of Jesus

City.. State.Zip. Christ of Latterday Saints"and its people. Many lavish color

photographs and drawings bring to life the vigor and majesty

May Era 66 of the Restored Church. A perfect missionary tool, and an ideal

gift for new or prospective members.

MAY 1966 355 About Boys'Life It is a part of the program of the movement—one of the tools used

to help build character, citizenship and physical fitness.

The printed and picture page have had a tremendous influence upon civilization and development. Leaders are readers.

BOYS'LIFE is enjoyed by the entire family—and by Cub Scouts,

Boy Scouts and Explorers.

A great number of the magazine's features are carefully coordinated with next month's program themes, material that leaders and boys can use to supplement and implement the program of the unit.

In addition, BOYS'LIFE contains the best of carefully selected fiction, crafts, hobbies, outdoor life, plus many other features.

Every Cub Scout, Guide Patrol and Explorer unit should secure THESE TIMES

BOYS'LIFE 100% through unit By Dr. G. Homer Durham

budget plan—designed to help President, Arizona State University, Tempe

meet unit finance needs as well as train boys in financial responit is, existssibility. Polynesia means many islands. The support, such as

Geographers vary in definitions: in the facts of the jet airplane and

Some define Polynesia as the isthe tourists, lured by the spell of

What Church Leaders lands of the central Pacific lying the South Seas, who pour in and between 30 north and 47 south out of Honolulu International AirSay About Boys'Life latitudes. It is therefore a subport twentyfour hours a day.

division of Oceania. are of the Included decades middle The

Life and regularly Boys'I read large islands of since century, the twentieth Zealand World New much. it veryenjoy Isare of the the in 1945, groups concluded and Hawaiian II was War Eldon Tanner—N. in lands, tourist Islands, the of the the decades Line Samoa, French

I recommend Boys'Life magaOceania, Cook Islands, Phoenix South Seas. They tend to congrezine for the boys of the Church Islands, Ellice Islands, Tonga, and gate in Hawaiian Polynesia, where

because of its choice and wholeEaster Island. Some place Guam, tourism has become big business.

some articles that help build the Carolinas, and the Marshalls in But Micronesia (Greek mikros, character and good citizenship. Micronesia, Fiji and the Solomons small, and nesos, island) and

—Delbert L. Stapley in Melanesia. Melanesia (Greek melas, black)

await development. such the geographic Whatever sweep

It has In my youth I always subof said that the sixteenth surthe expression, been whether the Life magazine to Boys'scribed of century Polynesian are history bewaters called the it. rounding enjoyed thoroughlyand to Spain; Pacific, the longs the seventeenth South Seas or the

—John H. Vandenberg future identification of Polynesia Holland; the eighteenth to theto

My 12year-old daughter loves is being elaborated upon on the English and such figures as Captain

BOYS'LIFE. island of Oahu, village of Laie, at Cook; and the nineteenth to a

—G. Carlos Smith, Jr. the Polynesian Cultural Center, mixture of European deserters

constructed and operated by the from sailing vessels, seeking earthly

We encourage Cub Packs and Church. paradise under coconut palms,

Guide Patrols to participate in Such an assertion may require while traders, whalers, and misthe unit Thrift Plan which makes some support. sionaries, harassed or sought to

it possible to automatically order

BOYS'LIFE each year.

—LaVern W. Parmley

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bless the native peoples. It has

also been said that the natives gained their primary impressions of

Western civilization from rather unworthy specimens. Seafaring men

and deserters, from Magellan's time on, spread through the Pacific in advance of the missionaries.

Whatever the past, the lure of

Pacificparadises is found today throughout the world, and the age of the tourist is far advanced. Television "spectaculars"produced in

Honolulu and Tahiti, Tokyo and

Osaka, no less than New York and

Hollywood, celebrate the glories of

Waikiki sunsets, the blue Pacific, moonlight through the palms, female beauty, and male surfriders.

1 PolyMany of the visitors to nesia include a stop at Honolulu, on the island of Oahu. The luxury

hotels have long since sprouted attractive signs and booths promoting such guided tours as a luau and performances of the native groups at the Polynesian Cultural Center.

In its very short lifetime this center has gained a place uniquely its own. Situated near Honolulu, it

draws visitors as a magnet. While

at Laie, the tourists also see the

Hawaii Temple and the Church College of Hawaii.

The Polynesian Cultural Center has become a major tourist attraction. All the human race, in

present and future times, will not visit Hawaii. But the future affluent, the scholars, the business Gateway to better living

leaders, combining business with pleasure, and thousands of governmental officials plying the Pacific while attending B.Y.U.

air routes will probably gain their impressions of Polynesia at Laie.

The future definition of "PolyJust $26 per month per student. (Summer rate)

well one become thenesia"may Family apartments available for summer. the suggestedimplied and by

Samoan, Hawaiian, Tongan, Maori, Just one block West of the B.Y.U. campus.

Tahitian, and Fijian villages, the University Villa was designed for student living.

models, the exhibits, the peoples at the Polynesian Cultural Center. It Each Apartment fully airconditioned.

is a living "museum."Swimming Pool and Recreation Center.

Millions of Americans identify dolphins and sea creatures from their visits to Marineland. The basic

characteristic of the Polynesian

Cultural Center is not dolphinlike.

Nor is it entertainment. The basic

expression of the Polynesians, like \U aloha in Hawaiian, is one of warm friendship and love. The world

can use more warm friendship, understanding among peoples, and 865 N. First West

love in these times. Provo, Utah Phone 3739806

MAY 1966 357 The Perfect Fellowshipping Tool

The Magic of Mormonism by Earl Stowell is "A 'must'for converts and, I believe, also The undoubtedly the finest book in print for use in Magic of Mormonism is needed by many longfellowshipping new members. Read what Church time members."

Blakley (converts) and Ruth members have to say about this inspiring book: Shauna

Calif. Beach, Hermosa

"The Magic of Mormonism is not only the best "We have bought and distributed 21 copies of book I know to assist in fellowshipping new The Magic of Mormonism to members and nonit is the best source of aumembers and reactivating inactives, but it will members. We think

also help many active members to a better underthentic and understandable information about standing of the Church."the Church that we have ever found."

De Reese & Marguerite Hansen L. Lloyd Prestwich Lennox Ward, Inglewood Stake

Former President, Redondo Stake "The Magic of Mormonism is an encyclopedia beliefs, activities, organizations of the of the and has its release "Since The Magic of Mormonism told in to read, dayby- easy Church; Mormon of information, not only source a treasured been form."day, problemby-problem longof also for for the the convert but member

Bolli Gerhard it fellowas a praise standing. I cannot enough Assistant Chairman

shipping tool."California Center, BYU

Duane Gettman Seventy Group Leader "The Magic of Mormonism, told through tears, smiles, and now and then honest laughter should, in opinion, be read young person in by every my activity that to guide everyday "An excellent the Church."of of be in the hands every new should member Higbee Dr. Marvin

the Church."Assistant Coordinator of Institutes

Helen Hinckley Jones Southern California Area

ORDER FROM BOOKCRAFT, OR YOUR NEAREST LDS BOOK DEALER

The Ma to Guide Historic n Traveler America"Mormon is a must for anyone nclosing che to planning a trip to historicmormon araerica the East or Midwest. This factfilled

book covers the movement of the "hurch from Joseph Smith's birthplace in Sharon, /ermont, to Salt Lake City. The guide includes

inaps, photographs and historical facts about the Tiany points of interest you will want to visit. It is BOOKCRAFT

esigned to fit easily into the glove compartment, and 1186 South Main i olds open flat for quick reference. $1 95 Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AMERICAN INCENTIVE TO READ

Proudly Appoints

S. OTTLEY

To Direct A.I.R. Reading

Program in

UTAHIDAHO

MIA June Conference1966

There are ways and ways and a the Roadshow Festival, where ten way.... roadshows will be presented at

Come on up, Kingsbury Hall and the Pioneer

Come on down, Memorial Theater on the campus

Come on over... of the University of Utah—two

to June Conference—June 17, 18, matinees and two evening perform19-to MIAthe HAPPY WAY. ances. Tickets at fifty cents each To help you (and your child)

Follow the MIA leaders the Happy may be obtained by writing to the "really"learn to read.

Way on Thursday, June 16, to MIA Office, 79 South State Street,

YWMIA Camp Day at the Tracy in Salt Lake City. Free reading test

Stroll in Millcreek 15 Canyon, HappyWigwam down the MIA Free written evaluation Salt the themiles from with boulevard Lake City. it Way, Top

off with the Master M ManGolden Continental European sidewalk Free test rating

Gleaner banquet at the University cafe atmosphere, at the Hotel Utah Free personal consultation of Utah Student Union Building Motor Lodge, where the seventeen that evening. departments of the MIA will have Free personal examination of the

Highlighting the MIA June Con- a multitude of ideas displayed. A.I.R. program that teaches one to

ference this year will be the Young On Saturday come along to the read in 10 weeks!

Artists Festival to be held in the various MIA department sessionsTabernacle on Temple Square exciting, informative, and inspiring Yes, I want the free written evaluation by

Friday and Saturday, June 17 and—MIA—the Happy Way. American Incentive to Read18, at 8 p.m. Talented young people A Sunday morning conference

who have had opportunity during session will be held June 19 at 9:15 Name

the past year to participate in ward a.m. in the Tabernacle under the

young artists festivals will perform direction of the First Presidency. Address

before approximately 8,000 youth This meeting is the highlight and leaders in the Tabernacle each concluding session of the 1966 MIA City night. Accompanying them will be June Conference. State Zip

a specially selected 100piece Copies of the conference prosymphony orchestra. gram may be obtained on Temple Age of Child

One of the features of the conSquare at the reception heralding ference will be the annual Imthe opening of the MIA June ConChild's present grade in school provement Era Citation Award ference, starting at 7 a.m. Friday,

dinner in the Student Union BuildJune 17, 1966. General sessions on

ing at the University of Utah. It Friday and Sunday and YW and

will be attended by General YM executive sessions on Saturday AMERICAN INCENTIVE

Authorities and stake, ward, and will be held in the Tabernacle.

mission leaders from throughout Department sessions on Saturday TO READ the Church. will be held in ward and stake A Controlled Phonics Program

MIA—the Happy Way—leads to chapels in the Salt Lake area. P. O. Box 11011

(801) 3646236 \D [P3 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

MAY 1966 359 Elegance for Rent

Why sink your money in costly property, when you can enjoy so much more by renting at Aix La Chapelle?* Have you ever stopped to think what

you could do with the extra money rent would save you? You could invest,

travel, or just plain enjoy yourself. And Aix La Chapelle's low monthly

rents include more than ever... besides the luxurious atmosphere of

Picture "Best Family of for pool, putting greens architecture,Frenchstyled sun decks, and Trophy swimming to right) displayed by (left Year"is all utilities lightsold except pays... Aix world elegance La Chapelle

and telephone. Doyle L. Green, Arch L. Madsen,

*Aix La Chapelle is not a condominium. At Aix La Chapelle you pay rent

and remain financially free.

all includes these features in your Only Aix La Chapelle Family Movie of rent: low monthly

Builtin de luxe Caloric gas range with oven broiler and cookand-keepwarm oven. The first annual "Family Movie

Westinghouse garbage disposal. of the Year"award was presented

frostfree twodoor Westinghouse refrigeratorfreezer. to Twentieth CenturyFox for The

builtin dishwasher. automatic Westinghouse

A Thermosal private steam bath in your own apartment. Sound of Music at a recent banquet

American Standard plumbing fixtures. at Brigham Young University

Westinghouse laundry facilities available. where those associated with the

controlled Individually modern controlled Individually gas air conditioning circulating gas—heating.the finest air conditioning filmJoiningwere honored.with The Improvement system available.

Era in the daylong festivities were

Rental Rates the Deseret News, KSL Radio and toStudio Apartments $95.00 $119.00 Television, and Brigham Young to $135.00 Apartments $109.00 BedroomOne

Two Bedroom Apartments - $144.00 to $175.00 University. Representing Hollywood at the award ceremonies

were Harry K. Sokolov, executive

assistant to Richard D. Zanuck,

production chief of the studio, and

Charmian Carr. Miss Carr played

the role of the oldest Von Trapp child, Liesl, in The Sound of Music.

Speaking on behalf of Twentieth CenturyFox, Mr. Sokolov

said, "I want to tell you how honored I am to accept this award.

We have received many awards for

The Sound of Music. We have received letters from all over the

A new world of luxury.. Open for your inspection world about the picture, but I

in an old world setting daily and evenings. humbly say the award we receive

tonight gives us more gratification in Holladay at 2200 East 4800 South Telephone 2783113

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The First Vision of the Prophet Joseph Smith

Here you can follow the thrilling beginning of the restoration during 1820, including the revivals,

Joseph's search, his first vision, being ridiculed and reviled, and his testimony. A valuable soundfilmstrip, in full color, for each

Latterday Saint family to cherish and show upon numerous occasions (Family night, firesides, missionary work, class lessons, etc.)

Film: 152 frames Record: Side 1 The Apostasy Side 2 The First Vision

Magnificent Aid for the Missionary and Teacher ( included as an excellent companion feature to "The First

Exciting Bonus Feature J Vision/'it concerns the establishment of the primitive

I Clwchguided byof revelationJesus Cnristandfoundeclthe greatu Papostasyn apostieswhichand followed.prophets TkioI 11 /ApOSXaSyAnnctaeu

Charmian Can, President N. Eldon

Tanner, Harry Sokolov, E. Earl Send check or money order to:

Haivkes, and Dr. Ernest L. Wilkinson. 2-in-1 offer DESERET FILM PRODUCTIONS, INC.

both for just $10.50 2331 Garfield Avenue Salt Lake City, Utah 84108

the Year Award and happiness than any other."A GREAT

In presenting the award on behalf of The Improvement Era and CHURCH the other cosponsoring agencies,

President N. Eldon Tanner, second counselor in the First Presidency LIBRARY

said, "We want you and the world to know that we are anxious to can be assembled by support wholesome motion pictures "binding"regularly your and good entertainment. We hope copies of

the movie industry will know that we support that which is good."

The Hollywood visitors spent the THE entire the day on BYU campus, IMPROVEMENT taking part in a student assembly discussion. the and a panel But ERA activities highlight of the was the

presentation of the twofoot silverThey can be conveniently and inexpensively plated trophy to Mr. Sokolov at an "bound"as you receive them in an Improveevening banquet which was atment Era binder. tended by many General Authorities and several hundred civic, Beautifully and strongly constructed with handsome heavy red Fabrichurch, communications media, and coid cover. Stamped in gold and large enough to hold 12 issues of

entertainment industry leaders. more than 1,000 pages, plus an index.

The award, to be presented annually, established has to been positive in the stress the approach Price is only $2.50 Order now from The Improvement Era Church's recently announced drive and a 1965 index is included FREE!

against pornography and obscenity. Such a binder is a MUST for every

ward library and most desirable for every home. 79 So. State St., Salt Lake City 11, Utah

MAY 1966 361

Why fly over Travel right the scenery? through it

Sure you're in a hurry. But once in a while, on that That's because the Dome cars were built just for that

business trip, why not give yourself a break? Why purpose—to see the scenery. May we remind you of

not take the train? some other pleasures of train travel? How about the

... car of a private convenience a dining room trains. take to You They here remember you from with—a of variety freshlyprepared car a foods lounge—

is. there the—on the ground scenery where down

for reading, or relaxing friends. great winning

it right through... slow You go so you enough can

but fast so see it, enough wherever you're you arrive is train travel great Yes, all the way!—a vacation

to. going almost before you want

tell Call favorite more. you Let us us or your

And up in a Union Pacific Domeliner—ah what a view! travel agent.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Leaders—Stakes and

Missions in Polynesia

George W. Poulson Thomasas R.K. 5tonstone

Hawaii Mission FrenchMissionPolynesian when you join LDS Books

Club and make your first regular Club selection ft ELEOI >W |SI "

"Prophecy and Modern Times"concerning the Millennium.

by W. Cleon Skousen, an all Asan LDS Books Club member,

C. Douglas Barnes Archie R. Boyack time LDS best seller now in its you will receive your choice of

New Zealand New Zealand So. fourteenth printing, is our gift one valuable bonus book free

Mission Mission to you for joining LDS Books with every four books you purClub. chase—a saving of 20%.

You'll truly enjoy this interestDon't wait. Join now and start

ing and challenging book that enjoying the genuine reading covers such stimulating material pleasure and substantial savings as prophecy of America, prophoffered exclusively to LDS Books ecy of Palestine and prophecy Club members.

Burton H. Price Patrick D. Dalton

Samoan Mission Tongan Mission 1. PATHWAYS TO 2. GIFTS OF THE SPIRIT 3. DOCTRINAL NEW

HAPPINESS fw., -—J by Duane S. TESTAMENT

COMMENTARY Crowther I 0. David I: by J

R. Bruce by Explains how man

McKay life his enrich can McConkie: r

ex David influ- 0. McKay the through Restored Gospel The

plains the need for ence of spiritual is brought into hartemples. A prized gifts. mony with New

I Church classic.$3.95 $3.95 Testament doctrines.$7.50

Max W. Moody Howard B. Stone

Honolulu Stake Oahu Stake 4. THE MAGIC OF 5. THOUGHTS FOR VA MINUTE 6. THE LAW OF THE

M0RM0NISM TALKS HARVEST

R. Lindsay by Sterling by W. Sill

Earl by Stowell Fiftytwo Curtis thought daythe Explains parables. I: h,-:w>- provoking

lessons of Timely operation byday and JARVEST Elder Acclaimed fascinating thoughts the EspeChurch.

Sill's finest literary talks. for Splendid cially for converts. J':,j achievement.

all. for reading

$3.50 $3.00 $3.50

7. A PENNY EARNED 8. BIGGER THAN YOURSELF 9. THE THIRD THOUSAND

S. Peckham Harry Q. Cannon George YEARS J. Wendell by and by Howard Stake Hamilton StakePearl Harbor

W. Cleon by Ruth Lowe Ashton THE THIRD

Skousen into insights Keen jljjgjgp Clear, understandlives of sweeping drama ordinary The into the insight able of Biblical events performed who men art i the of successful money manageoutstanding ac-.aM**"* from the time of

ment. complishments. Abraham.

$3.00 $3.25 $5.95

Please send free of charge "Prophecy and Modern Times"by W.

Cleon Skousen. Also, send the following circled'book(s) as my

William Roberts Keith A. Harrison first Club selection:

Auckland Stake Wellington Stake 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9

Check or money order in the amount of $ is enclosed as payment for my first Club selection.

Enroll me as a LDS Books Club member and send me monthly reviews. I hereby agree to

purchase a minimum of 4 regular Club selections or alternates during the next 12 months at the regular advertised price. (Premium book for joining does not qualify as a regular

Club selection or alternate.) I may resign at any time after purchasing 4 books. For each

4 books I accept, I will receive a valuable bonus book free—a saving of 20%.

NAME

James L. Southern Percy J. Rivers ADDRESS

Hawkes Bay Stake Apia Stake ZIP. CITY STATE

P.O. BOX 400

Utah add 3'/;% sales tax.) (Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents of CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH 84110

MAY I960 363 I

Sauniatu, Samoa—Of this village President McKay said, "This

Our brothers and sisters in the Church who reside in the missions of the South Pacific are a wonderful people. They are a blessed people. They love the

Lord with all their hearts, mind, and strength, and the blessings of heaven are showered upon them in return.

I share with you my experiences in Samoa: first,

during 1921 when I made a worldwide tour of missions as a member of the Council of the Twelve, and then

THE EDITORS PAGE in 1955 as I returned there as President of the Church.

I recall that it was midafternoon, May 31, 1921, BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY that a most affecting scene was enacted for Elder

Hugh J. Cannon and me on the borders of the little

364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA indeed is the most beautiful place I have ever seen."DOYLE L. GREEN

Samoan mountain village of ZionSauniatu. were a reverent group, a couple of hundred in number,

These people were at a crossroads, wondering if who sang their native "Goodbye my Feleni"as they they should try to continue their village. marched behind their band.

That day we had bidden those warmhearted Saints My companion, Brother Cannon, and President and farewell twice before, once at the mission house and Sister John Q. Adams and I were each riding horses.

again a few moments later at the farther bank of the Finally I stopped, turned and dismounted, and hung river, a scant hundred yards beyond the village. my umbrella on a kapok tree. Then, raising my arms

Throngs of these Saints had followed us, reluctant in prayer, I gave that people this blessing:

to sever the association that we had shared for such a "O God, our Heavenly and Eternal Father, there little while. have been many impressive partings between thy

Still on and on they traversed the beautiful tropical people and thy chosen servants in the days of the trail that bisected the adjacent rubber plantation. They (Continued on the following page)

MAY 1966 365 Savior and in this day. Peter and Paul and their assowith Sister McKay, was to visit Sauniatu village again.

ciates Timothy and Marcus and Luke and others During one of the meetings that Sister McKay and undoubtedly wept many a tear in bidding solemn I attended in Samoa, I counseled: "Be sure to honor

farewells; but on no occasion, we feel sure, was your native titles, but do not put them before the Holy

expressed more attachment than that which is maniPriesthood of God."I then heard the story of

fest here today. Thou seest, Heavenly Father, with Fitisemanu, a government policeman, who, I am told,

what sorrowful feelings we bid one another farewell weighed 520 pounds (he had been seriously afflicted here in this beautiful grove, one of thy 'first temples.'with filaria, causing what we call elephantiasis). He

"Holy Father, look down in love and tender mercy said that at one time he was offered the highest title upon these good people. Protect them in their village in Samoa that dan be bestowed upon a person if he

from all evil influences. Bless the leading men therein, would but leave the Mormon Church and serve the

that they may be indeed kind and wise shepherds to London Missionary Society. His answer was (and I

this little fold, and may no fierce wolves, in the shape shall always remember the dignity that was his as he of enmity, illwill, and indifference, 'enter in among told it to me): "I would rather be a deacon in the

them, not sparing the flock.'Bless the mothers, the Mormon Church than the king of Samoa."

young men and the young women, and especially the We drove from Apia to Sauniatu, the beautiful little children. Be merciful to the little one whose church village sheltered in a lovely valley about five

eyesight is afflicted and others unto whom thy servants miles inland from the coast. The trip took us about an

have administered. Heal the sick, we beseech thee, hour, and I told my traveling companions how Brother

and restore to health and strength, through their faith Cannon and I had spent all of one day riding on and faithfulness, those who are afflicted. horseback to get there from Pesega.

"May thy peace abide here in the village of Sauniatu. Then we crossed a bridge and stopped about a half

"Father, in thy love prosper the labor of the hands mile from the village where a monument had been of all who work for the necessities and comforts of erected at the place at which I spoke in 1921, giving life, and may they possess in abundance food and this people a blessing. 1 am sure the monument had

clothing. May their plantation be fruitful in the been painted and polished for my visit, but no more

products adapted to local conditions. But above all, so than the village that lay before us. The day was

may harmony abide in their hearts and homes. Our perfect; it had rained for a week, but that morning the

Father, may they have clear understanding of the sun was shining. The people of 1921 and their children

truth and make rapid progress in gaining a knowledge had stayed with Sauniatu.

of thee and thy divine work. President Howard B. Stone of the Samoan Mission

"By virtue of the holy apostleship and in the authorremarked that Sauniatu was by far the most beautiful:6(

ity of the priesthood with which thou hast endowed place in Samoa, and I replied: "This indeed is the

me, I seal these blessings upon these, thy Saints. most beautiful place I have ever seen. It is indeed the

May this parting and blessing prove, through thy vision that I saw on my first trip to Samoa thirtyfour power and mercy, a sacred blessing to them and to us, years ago. Such beauty, such grandeur, and such

we humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ, our splendor I have never heretofore known."

Savior. Amen."We went forward to meet these Saints and to dediThat night at Pesega, more than twenty miles from cate their buildings, including a schoolhouse of the

Sauniatu, we felt happy and thankful for one of the Church, and to bless and comfort the people. Again

most memorable days of our lives. Sauniatu had given me, and this time Sister McKay,

Thirtyfour years were to pass before I, in company one of the most memorable days of our lives.

THE MESSAGE

BY DONNA DICKEY GUYER

Long were the lovefilled years yet quickly spent, varied the void. Oh then I grew afraid

never to be relived. Then in the lost that time would shut the cry of living out,

and silent country of my argument and so I filled my house from noon to night a time for grieving waited to be crossed. with busy chatter, rainfall for the drought,

How cruel that silence! And what need it brought only to find a deeper hurting plight.

without one echo that your voice had made. But when I held our grandson to my cheek,

No faintest whisper like an afterthought out of nothingness, I heard you speak.

366 THE IMPROVEM question: "I have been asked to give a talk on

chastity and, dress. Will you please explain exactly

what the standards of the Church are in relation to dress? Some women in the Church wear dresses that

are so short that they do not cover their knees whensitting, It has been my understanding that Latterday YOUR

Saint women should always wear dresses that cover 1 their knees, at least when they are of Mutual age. loifLJxiikd

Please set me straight. What is right?"

TION ANSWERED BY, "!VT, >"E? TTiC!TT\I7

Jll XT Jtl KJ O FIELDING SMITH

Chastity and Dress

answer: Isaiah, one of the great

prophets of early times, saw our day, and he described the conditions that would prevail among the "daughters of Ziori"in these latter days. This is in part what he said:

"Moreover the Lord saith, Because the daughters of Zion are haughty, and walk with stretched forth necks and wanton eyes, walking and mincing as they go, and making a tinkling with their feet:

"Therefore the Lord will smite with a scab the "New York (AP)—Four of Europe's fashion barons

crown of the head of the daughters of Zion, and the criticized the new short hemlines today and said any

Lord will discover their secret parts. woman who shows her knees in public is ridiculous.

"In that day the Lord will take away the bravery "When a bride gets married, the most important of their tinkling ornaments about their feet, and their moment of her life, she wears a skirt that trails down cauls, and their round tires like the moon, the aisle,'said Norman Hartnell of London, couturier "The chains, and the bracelets, and the mufflers, for Britain's royal family.

"The bonnets, and the ornaments of the legs, and "'Are women to be idiots the rest of the time?'he

the headbands, and the tablets, and the earrings, asked. 'Surely they have a mirror. What's pretty about

"The rings, and nose jewels, knees?'

"The changeable suits of apparel, and the mantles, "Hartnell's customers include, in his words, 'all the and the wimples, and the crisping pins. elite clientele in England,'and he says he doesn't see

"The glasses, and the fine linen, and the hoods, their knees. 'So why see the rest?'

and the vails. "He spoke with fashion writers attending the week-

"And it shall come to pass, that instead of sweet long New York Couture Group previews. Hemlines

smell there shall be stink; and instead of a girdle -a shown here are midknee to three inches above the

rent; and instead of well set hair baldness; and instead knee.

of a stomacher a girding of sackcloth; and burning "Visiting with Hartnell were designers Jacques

instead of beauty."(Isa. 3:1624.) Heim of Paris, Pedro Rodiguez of Madrid and Micol

As I sit on the stand in a stake conference and look Fontana of Rome. All preview their spring clothes

down over the congregation, I see some of these in Europe within the next three weeks.

conditions existing of which Isaiah spoke. "'Generally speaking, any fashion is killed by an

When I was a youth attending the Salt Lake Stake abuse of the same fashion,'said Heim. 'Short can be

Academy and later the Latterday Saints University, too short.

the girls were dressed neatly from head to foot in ''I try to emphasize the beauty of a woman, to shirtwaists and full skirts down to their ankles. I show her in the best way. The best way,'he said,

recall an incident that happened when a group of 'has nothing to do with the knees. The knee should

students—young girls and boys—took a short trip up be at all times covered/ "

City Creek Canyon. One of the girls slipped and The standards expressed by the General Authorities

caught her dress on a limb, exposing her leg. She was of the Church are that women, as well as men, should

so embarrassed that she wanted to withdraw, and it dress modestly. They are taught proper deportment

took some persuasion by the other girls to have her and modesty at all times. It is, in my judgment, a

remain. sad reflection on the "daughters of Zion"when they

Now, in this modern day, Isaiah's prophecy has dress immodestly. Moreover, this remark pertains to

been and is being fulfilled. the men as well as to the women. The Lord gave

The following is taken from The Salt Lake Tribune commandments to ancient Israel that both men and of Saturday, January 15, 1966, page 11, entitled women should cover their bodies and observe the law "Public 'Knees'Ridiculous, Note Stylists": of chastity at all times.

A PARTING WORD TO MY FRIEND

JOHN R. YOUNG

My words are seldom strong, or bright, Remember—the path of duty

A woman s tones are low, When other paths seem fair,

And 'tis not much a hand so slight Remember—the truth's white beauty

Can offer thee, I know. When weak illusions glare.

'Tis like the quivering breath that wakes And should the world defy thee

Where forest leaves are stirred, Alone its strength to dare,

Yet from a friend's true heart it takes Remember—heaven is nigh thee,

To thee, a parting word, Remember—God is there.

Remember. A friend's kind thoughts attend thy way

Remember—hope in thy sorrow, Where e'er that way may be,

Remember—faith in thy prayer, And so I make "remember"

Remember—the bright tomorrow A parting word to thee.

That dawns on the night's despair,

Remember—the hearts that love thee WrittenElder Johnby MissR. YoungS. E. asCarmichael,he departedAprilto 27,the 1864,Sandwichfor

Are with thee—everywhere. Islands.

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Watch these pages each month for inspirational messages to help in your Family Home Evenings

is giving an emotional impact to is when dad teaches instead of the basic truth of the lesson by preaches.

using scriptures and hymns.

Whenever possible, those who To stimulate discussion, keep can read should have their own the atmosphere informal. Invite

copies of the standard works. participation by everyone. When

They could be given as birthday each family member is involved and Christmas gifts. in the discussion, he will be

Family members should be interested, stimulated, and motiencouraged to find scripture vated.

references, either during the Each part of the lesson helps meeting or before. One mother in achieving the lesson goal.

provided a list of references to Keep the goal in mind as you be used at each meeting, and guide the discussions.

family members looked them up Use words on the level of the before meeting time. Bookmarks youngest child.

of paper strips helped them turn Even though father always to the scriptures quickly. presides, he may ask mother or a

Be certain that the meaning of young adult in the family to the scripture used is clear and conduct some of the lessons.

that family members understand Discussion and storytelling are how it relates to their lives. simple and effective ways of

The hymns have been selected teaching the gospel. Other

for the spirit or message of the methods are included in the leswords. Musical accompaniment sons, such as games, scripture,

(such as piano, guitar, harmonica) music, and puzzles. The lecture

is desirable but not necessary. method should be avoided.

It would be helpful if families had access to the church hymnbook and The Children Sing.

Wji f J V

MAY 1966 369 Priesthood Genealogy FourthGeneration Aids

Program for 1966 A sample family group record is available from the Church Distribution Center, 33 Richards

Street, P.O. Box 11627, Salt Lake City, Utah

84101. The reverse side of the sample sheet contains brief information concerning the 1966

priesthood program. Also available is an accompanying sheet containing condensed recording

instructions for preparing family group records.

Both the sample family group record and the Total condensed recordinginstruction sheet are avail-A able for $1.50 per 100 sheets, only in lots of

100 each. 1Look

LAST OF A THREEPART SERIES

A quick total look at the 1966 program for genealogy in the March and April issues of The Improvement tells this story: Success in 1966 will come through Era. Following is a discussion of the remaining facets

effective management of the program. The powerful of th'e 1966 priesthood program for genealogy.

genealogy program this year has much scheduled activity for church members, which program will require effective leadership on the part of those in Workshop Classes charge. In the planning area, special attention should be

Three key words that can make or break the focused on the priesthood genealogy workshop classes.

genealogy programs in wards and branches are: Many persons who were able to find information readplanning, coordination, and control. These three words ily for the 1965 threegeneration program will not have

summarize the major aspects of effective management. easy access to the information needed for their fourthThe management of the genealogy program in wards generation ancestors. This year research in original

and branches of the Church is in the hands of priestrecords will have to be performed for the first time hood leaders. These leaders will need to have a good by thousands of members of the Church as they seek

understanding of each phase of the total 1966 priestinformation on their greatgrandparents.

hood program, which includes: The text Genealogy in Action used in the priesthood

Continuation of the threegeneration program workshop classes contains introductory lessons on how

Fourthgeneration program to begin research. The 13week "short course"in

Book of remembrance in every home research is held on MIA night. The course is provided

Participation in priesthood genealogy workshop three times each year during the MIA season. It is

classes not intended that persons should take the course over

Temple qualification for every adult member and over again. But it is desired that all members

Efficient ward record examination programs take the course to prepare themselves for genealogical

Participation in pedigree referral service activity. Then they are to go to work actually doing

Participation in family organizations research.

Stake presidents, stake high councilors, bishops, Priesthood leaders should arrange the workshop high priests group leaders, and other priesthood quoclasses for approximately 20 to 25 members at a time.

rum leaders can have success in administering the When these persons have completed the threemonth 1966 priesthood program if they will but look ahead course, the class begins again for other members. In

and plan, coordinate with their genealogical leaders this manner, over a period of a few years every and instructors, and follow up with good control over member of the ward will have had an opportunity to any planned activities. receive workshoptype training in genealogy. By this

The continuation of the 1965 threegeneration protime, the new members moving into the ward, the new gram, the 1966 fourthgeneration program, and the converts, and young people coming into adult life book of remembrance have been discussed previously will warrant further continuation of the class.

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CeCe &? </u*0u/) /f

Temple Qualification

Another goal of the 1966 program is temple qualification for every adult member. Part of the work of

salvation and exaltation for both the living and the dead must be done in the temples. Only those who

live righteously and who attend the temples can serve as "saviors on Mount Zion."Others can gather

genealogical data and fill in family group records, even nonmembers of the Church, but only those who go to the temples can actually participate in the temple ordinance work necessary for exaltation. The goal

is for every adult member in every ward and branch to live so as to be qualified to go to the temples.

Ward Record Examining Program Record examining programs should be in operation throughout the Church. All family group records must

be examined by ward record examiners ( district examiners in the missions) before being submitted to the

Genealogical Society. The examiners function as

counselors, consulting with and aiding researchers in a spirit of friendly cooperation. They are to be helpers

and teachers, not censors and genealogical bottlenecks.

Family group records are first submitted to the high priests group leaders who monitor the sheets through the examination process. Each sheet is examined by two examiners. If no clerical errors or

omissions are found, the sheets are approved and initialed by the examiners. If the sheets do have

obvious errors or omissions, the examiners attach notes to the sheets instructing the compilers in the correct procedures. Compilers then make the necessary

corrections or additions and resubmit the sheets.

Following this procedure, compilers learn the

MAY 1966 371 correct recording procedures, and they are not likely 1. Participation. Involve as many family members

to repeat errors or omissions on future records. as possible in activities and research projects.

2. Service. Provide definite and worthwhile services

Pedigree Referral Service for contributing members.

The complete pedigree of every adult member of the 3. Communications. Establish active communicaChurch should have coverage in the Pedigree Referral tions through a quarterly family periodical.

Service ( PRS ). PRS coverage can be obtained in two 4. Leadership. Acquire youth, enthusiasm for geneways—by individual registration or by family organizaalogy, and leadership qualities in leadership positions.

tion registration. Persons who belong to and support

family organizations do not have to register that porOrganizations are asked to submit to the Geneation of their pedigree that falls under the research logical Society the name of the organization, the date jurisdiction of family organizations. organized, the organization's Pedigree Referral SerRegistering with PRS is simple. Individuals who vice ( PRS ) number, and the names and addresses of

desire to register merely gather before them their the organization's president, secretary, genealogist, pedigree charts and the family group records that family representative, and PRS representative. This

pertain to each ancestor on the pedigree charts. Using information will be filed in the library's familyone family group record at a time, the surnames, organization file.

More information concerning family organizations is available in Supplement C to the Genealogical Instruction Manual, entitled "Family Organizations."

m of FAMILY ORGANIZATION FILE

f9mify PARKER Family Genealogical Association

Getting Answers to Questions ite Org lb July 1965 DATE REPORTED 1 Oct 1965 PRS NO.0005829

FFICE NAME ADDRESS Questions regarding priesthood programs should be m. Thomas D. Parker 4963 Kensington Dr directed to either the workshop class instructor or the

Mesa T Ariz 85201 ward record examiners. If an instructor or examiner 1333 Bellefontainec. Helen P. Ellison Ariz 85023 cannot answer a question, he should get an answer Phoenix,

EN. Allen T. Parker 816 South 9th East from his ward high priests group leader. High priests

Salt Lake Citv, Utah 84104 group leaders rely on bishops for answers. Bishops

Ave 1734 RoseVMILY John A. Thompson consult genealogy stake high council advisers for help.

P. Beach. Calif 90805 Long

The high council adviser in turn relies on the stake R S Allen T. Parker 816 Sauth9th Est

SP. Salt Lake Citv. Utah 84104 president.

When a stake president has a question, the question

GS133 should be sent in writing by that stake president to the Priesthood Genealogy and Temple Work Committee, in care of Elder Howard W. Hunter, President,

47 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah localities, and periods of time are extracted for regis84111. Questions regarding priesthood programs

tration. Complete PRS instructions are contained in should not be directed to the Genealogical Society.

Supplement B to the Genealogical Instruction Manual entitled "Pedigree Referral Service."Purpose of the Program

Wellplanned, coordinated, and controlled programs

Family Organizations for genealogy in the wards and branches can almost

Family organizations are one of the most effective be guaranteed success. However, amid all the actividevices for furthering research and extending pedities and workings of the planning, coordinating, and

grees. Through family organizations, researchers both controlling, the real meaning and purpose of the proin and out of the Church are able to combine their gram cannot be overlooked. The program itself is

talents and resources in an organized effort to accommerely a framework upon which to hang activities plish the family's genealogical responsibility. that will develop the gospel ideal of love among and

During 1966 both newly organizing families and within families. The whole intent and purpose of these

existing organizations should be sure that the actions priesthood activities is to strengthen family ties among suggested in each of the following "secrets of success"the living and between the living and the dead, thereare made a part of the routine operation of their by furthering the work of family exaltation for the organizations. children of God.

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Qmuurclb The in Polynesia

"... the sweetest people God ever made."mere atolls, consisting of a narrow strip of coral,

These are the words used by Robert Louis Stevencircular in shape, projecting but a few feet above the son to describe the Polynesian people who inhabit ocean. These islands will support the coconut palm

New Zealand and the beautiful islands of the central tree, but little other food can be grown on them.

Pacific. Few who have lived among them would Coconuts and fish are the mainstays of life.

disagree. Although the Polynesians have a common language,

The Polynesians, an intelligent, attractive, happy, they speak a dozen or so dialects. A Maori cannot

lovable people, are basically of Caucasian stock. understand a Tahitian, and a Samoan thinks a

Students of Pacific culture generally believe that Tuamotuan speaks as if he were from another world.

migration of this people to the hundreds of islands But many things in the islands have changed greatly of the Pacific probably took place within the last over the past 100 years. Today large numbers of

2,000 or so years. Using large double canoes propelled peoples of European and Asian stock also call Polyby sail and paddle, and without the aid of compass nesia home. English is almost universally spoken in

or sextant, they made voyages sometimes extending Hawaii, New Zealand, and parts of Fiji and is becomover thousands of miles, claiming and settling almost ing more widely used in Samoa and the Cook Islands.

every habitable island from Hawaii on the north to French is spoken by many Tahitians.

New Zealand on the south, and from Easter Island For 122 years the Church has carried on missionary on the east to Tonga or perhaps Fiji on the west. work among the many peoples of these islands. At

The Church believes the Polynesians are depresent there are six missions: French Polynesian,

scendants of Book of Mormon peoples. Patriarchal Hawaii, New Zealand, New Zealand South, Samoan,

blessings testify that they are of the house of Israel. and Tongan. Stakes are functioning in Hawaii, Samoa,

Many islands of Polynesia are lofty, fertile, volcanic, and New Zealand. (See map on following page.)

mountainous lands where all types of vegetables and In the pages that follow we present briefly, through tropical fruits grow in rich abundance. Others, espeword and picture, the story of the Church in this part

cially in the Tuamotu Archipelago east of Tahiti, are of the world.-DLG

MAY 1966 373 ELDER GORDON B. HINCKLEY ELDER THOMAS S. MONSON

Member of the Council of the Twelve Member of the Council of the Twelve responsible for Hawaii and Oriental missions responsible for French Polynesian, Tongan, Samoan,

New Zealand, New Zealand South, Australian, and

Southern Australian Missions.

and PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS and PRESIDENT PAUL H. DUNN

of the First Council of the Seventy, supervisor of the First Council of the Seventy, supervisor

STAKE HEADQUARTERS TEMPLES OF MILES 500

FRENCH POLYNESIAN MISSION

Stake President: Howard B. Stone Mission President: Thomas R. Stone

Stake Headquarters: Laie, Oahu, Hawaii Mission Headquarters: Papeete, Tahiti

Stake Membership: 2,624 Mission Membership: 4,234

1965 Convert Baptisms: 14, *18 1965 Convert Baptisms: 93

NEW ZEALAND MISSION

Mission President: C. Douglas Barnes

Mission Headquarters: Auckland, New Zealand

Mission Membership: 4,040 (includes 790, Rarotonga)

1965 Convert Baptisms: 714 (includes 179, Rarotonga)

\ / SAMOA \ > SAVAII

)Apia FIJIXW\\UPOLU \ \ v jSauniatu

TUTU I LA TONGA

Nukualofa

RARO

/mm mew ZEALAND

7fi)Hastings NEW /*f lLower Hutt "Wellington ZEALAND

SOUTH

SOUTH ISLAND

Invercargill

N OAHU \

\ HonoluluFw A \ NEW ZEALAND SOUTH MISSION HAWKES BAY STAKE

President: ArchieMission R. Boyack Stake President: Lennox James Southon

Mission Headquarters: Wellington, New Zealand Stake Headquarters: Hastings, Zealand New

Mission Membership: 5,590 Stake Membership: 3,891

1965 Convert Baptisms: 348 1965 Convert Baptisms: 3

HAMILTON STAKE SAMOAN MISSION

Stake President: Harry S. Peckham Mission President: Burton H. Price

Headquarters:Stake Temple View, New Zealand Mission Headquarters: Apia, Upolu, Western Samoa

Stake Membership: 5,077 Mission Membership: 18,168

1965 Convert Baptisms: 24 1965 Convert Baptisms: 677

AUCKLAND STAKE APIA STAKE

Stake President: William Roberts Stake President: Percy John Rivers

Stake Headquarters: Mt. Roskill, Auckland, N.Z. Stake Headquarters: Apia, Upolu, Western Samoa

Stake Membership: 5,447 Stake Membership: 2,483

1965 Convert Baptisms: 20 1965 Convert Baptisms: 16

WELLINGTON STAKE (organized mid1965) TONGAN MISSION

Stake President: Keith A. Harrison Mission President: Patrick Daly Dalton

Headquarters:Stake Lower Hutt, New Zealand Mission Headquarters: Nukualofa, Tongatapu, Tonga

Stake Membership: 2,532 Mission Membership: 9,918

1965 Convert Baptisms: none reported 1965 Convert Baptisms: 1,108

I fo\Qk]L Polynesia

Missionary activities in the South Seas span a

period of 122 years - - from windjammers to jets.

BY DOYLE L. GREEN

MANAGING EDITORFrench Polyne It was two hours after midnight, April 30, 1844. The wrote, "Never was I happier than when my husband

little whaling ship, "Timoleon,"with three Latterday was employed on the beautiful structure at $1.00 per

Saint missionaries aboard, 203 long days out of New day and board."

Bedford, Massachusetts, was approaching the island Then came the mission call, May 11, 1843. Along

of Tubuai in the South Pacific. One of the missionwith Noah Rogers, Benjamin F. Grouard, and Knowlaries, Elder Addison Pratt, was lying awake in his ton Hanks, Addison was ordained a seventy, blessed,

bunk when he heard the cry, "Land ho,"from the and set apart on May 23 by Brigham Young, assisted sailor on watch. Going on deck, he scanned the moonby Heber C. Kimball, Orson Hyde, and Parley P.

drenched horizon and saw, about 45 miles to the Pratt. Leaving their families on the banks of the

north, the peak of a mountain rising above the ocean. Mississippi River, the four missionaries made their

Addison had heard of the island of Tubuai. It was way to New Bedford, but inasmuch as they could find

here that the mutineers from H.M.S. "Bounty"had fled no ship going to the Sandwich Islands, they booked

and spent several months before going on to Pitcairn passage at $100 each on the whaler "Timoleon,"which

Island. This little dot of land was one of the Austral was scheduled to stop at Tahiti in the Society group.

Islands, located 355 miles south of Tahiti, where the On November 3, at 5:30 in the morning, Elder

missionaries had intended to land, and some twenty Hanks, who had been suffering from a severe case of thousand windjammer miles from New Bedford, consumption, passed away and was buried at sea where their journey had begun. in the midAtlantic.

What kind of people inhabited the island, he wonThe course of the "Timoleon"lay almost directly dered. Were they Polynesians? He would have to south toward the islands of Tristan da Cunha, eastwait a few hours to find out. ward into the Indian Ocean, past Tasmania and New

Four missionaries had been called by the Prophet Zealand, and northward to the islands of the Pacific.

Joseph Smith to open the first foreignlanguage-speakThe landing on the small island of Tubuai was proviing mission of the Church in the faroff Sandwich dential, as it is doubtful that the captain had planned

Islands (Hawaii). The mission call had probably to set in at this island at all. But he needed provisions,

come because of information given the leaders of the and Tahiti was still several days away.

Church by Addison, who as a youth of 20 had jourAfter daylight the "Timoleon"ran down along the neyed to the Pacific as a green hand aboard the barrier reef which encircles the island and dropped whaling ship "Rambler."Because of his inability to anchor. Soon an outrigger canoe, manned by two

get along with the skipper of the vessel, he had jumped natives, pushed off from shore and headed toward the ship in the Sandwich Islands and spent six months ship. Addison turned a spy glass on the men in the

among the Polynesian people before returning home. vaa. Then his heart "did leap for joy, for they looked

Shortly after his marriage to Louisa Barnes in 1831, like old acquaintances"...."Their shiny hair, their

Addison abandoned his life as a sailor. Six years later smiles, their snowwhite teeth, their facial characterthey both joined the Church and followed the Saints istics were "precisely"like those he had been familiar

to Nauvoo, where Addison found employment on the with in the Sandwich Islands.

construction of the temple. In her journal Louisa Addison decided to remain on the island, while his

MAY 1966 377 Members of the Papeete Branch two companions continued on to Tahiti. arrive by bus,

On Tubuai Addison found the field ready for preparetamaaraa for(din-a harvest. In less than three months'time, working ner) and plenty

against many odds and handicaps, he baptized ten of seaside fun.

persons into the Church, including the only six white men on the island. He soon organized the Tubuai Below: A coral

Branch of the Church, ordaining Charles Hill an atollbase forformsan islandthe elder, John Laton a priest, William Carrington and home of the Tuamotuan people.

James Clark teachers, and John Bowen and Ambrose

Alexander deacons. The branch grew; others were

organized. Today Tubuai is still one of the strongBottom: Houses

holds of the Church in Polynesia. similarones foundto theby

Learning the various dialects of the Polynesian lanmissionaries in guage was a real task for Addison and the other usedthe 1840'sby nativesare missionaries. The Tahitian alphabet, they found, on the atolls.

consisted of only five vowels and eight consonants and contained none of the harsh sounds that are commonly associated with Polynesian dialects. Islanders among

whom they later worked, however, did use the "g,"the "k,"and the throaty "gn."Sentence construction

was also difficult, and they soon discovered that their native English had little in common with this strange language. Of course, no

textbooks were available. But after

many long hours of study and with the help of the Lord, they were soon speaking to the people in their own tongue.

On the 28th of June, 1844, a small schooner stopped at Tubuai, bringing two letters to Addison. With

eager hands he took them, hoping they might be from America—news

about the Church and his family.

But instead, one was from Elders

Grouard and Rogers, and the other from a man he had known aboard the "Timoleon."Although he was

happy to hear from his friends, he could not help being disappointed in not receiving a letter from home.

On that same day the world seemed to be shattered for Addison's wife and four daughters, halfway around the world in Nauvoo, Illinois. Joseph Smith the

Prophet and his brother Hyrum had been killed. "Surely this must be

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Tahitian Saints

prepare to make the 2,300 - mile trip to the New Zealand Temple.

They stay two weeks, do ordinance work from 6 a.m. to midnight. For many,

a trip involves lifetime savings.

the end of the Church, maybe the end of everything,"evil spirits. In my eyes they looked wild and savageLouisa thought. The story of how she and the four like; and I listened to their frightful noises, and not

little girls left their home, spent a disastrous winter being able to understand what they said, I knew not in Winter Quarters, and made their way across the but what I had become a victim for sacrifice in plains is an epoch in itself, and typical of the devotion very deed."

and the suffering of the families of missionaries in the On May 25, less than a month after he had arrived, early days of the Church. Elder Grouard baptized his first six converts. By June

Actually another year and a half would pass before 15, twentyfour had come into the fold. Then he made

Addison would receive a letter from his family. a fifteenday tour of the island, preaching thirtyone

Elders Rogers and Grouard had little success on times in public, holding dozens of gospel conversaTahiti, where they found the French and the natives tions, and baptizing twentynine persons. From that

fighting each other. After a few months the missionday on people rushed to him in droves to be baptized.

aries separated, with Elder Rogers going to the islands September 21, 1845, was a memorable day on Anaa west of Tahiti and Elder Grouard to the Tuamotu as the first general meeting of the Church was held,

Archipelago. Elder Rogers found little but opposition five branches were organized, and seventeen officers

and was the first of the missionaries to return home. were set apart. Elder Grouard had been on the island

But on the "low"islands Elder Grouard met with now for four months and twentyone days and had gratifying success. He was the first white missionary baptized 620 people.

ever to live among the people on the island of Anaa, From Tubuai, Anaa, and Tahiti, the work spread in situated 245 miles directly east of Tahiti. the ensuing years to all of the inhabited islands of the

The Tuamotu natives in 1844 were still wild, fierce Tuamotu group, and branches of the Church were and warlike, and were only a few years removed from organized on many of them. The work was also

cannibalistic practices. Elder Grouard describes his pressed as far north as the Marquesas, as far east as

landing on Anaa in the following graphic terms the Gambier group, and west to the Cook Islands.

"As we drew near the land I noticed that the beach For these 122 years, with some lapses when missionary was already lined with natives awaiting our arrival, activities have not been permitted by the government, and as we came nearer, I could distinctly hear them missionaries from Zion, sometimes accompanied by shout and jabber like a flock of ten thousand wild local elders, have been traveling among the islands by geese. I can hardly describe my feelings as I apsailboat, copra schooner, and outrigger canoe. In the

proached this strange land and heard the wild shouts past few years plane service to some of the islands of these half civilized sons of the ocean.... has also been available.

"My time for meditation, however, was short, for The mission was called The Society Islands Mission we soon arrived at the landing place, and leaping until 1925, when the name was changed to Tahitian ashore, I found myself the next minute surrounded Mission. It has been known as the French Polyby some two or three hundred natives of both sexes nesian Mission since 1960.

and all ages; naked, halfnaked, and dressed: hooting, In more recent years efforts have been most highly

hollooing, laughing, and jabbering like a legion of concentrated in the mountainous islands of the Society

MAY!966 379

i A Tahitian sister begins a taupoo (head cover). The hat,

made from coconuttree leaves, is a favorite souvenir.

was in the spring of 1963 when permission was given by the government for the construction of a Church elementary school in Papeete. Between twenty and

twentyfive young Tahitian men from 16 to 19 years of age, all serving on twoyear missions, aided the construction. The beautiful twostory elevenclassroom

school was completed and prepared for dedication within a fourteenmonth period.

Called the "Ecole Elementaire S.D. J."(LDS Elementary School), the school was dedicated on

September 19, 1964, with the dedicatory address and prayer given in French by Elder David Lawrence group. Much of the work today is done in the French McKay. With an enrollment of 400 the school already

language, and some missionaries have been called has proved to be a great blessing in helping the young directly to the mission from France. The first FrenchPolynesian children not only to gain worldly knowlspeaking Sunday School was organized June 19, 1965, edge but also to gain a testimony of the gospel. Today

with thirtysix in attendance, and today there is a more than fifty young men and women from the branch in Papeete conducted wholly in French. mission are also attending advanced church schools

In 1956 the LDS Scouts were officially recognized, in the Pacific—the Church College of Hawaii, the

thus making this important program available to all Liahona High School in Tonga, and the Church Colof our young men in French Polynesia. That same lege of New Zealand.

year 145 elders in the mission were organized in a December 1963 was also an important month for the quorum, the first in the history of the mission. Today Tahitian Saints. Some sixty of them traveled by plane

there are over 275 local elders in three quorums. to New Zealand, where they received their endowments

Missionwide LDS youth conferences are held in and participated in temple work in the Tahitian lanwhich special workshops in speech, music, drama, guage. This was the first group of Tahitian Saints

dance, and sports are enjoyed. In June 1964 Brother ever to participate in temple ordinances.

Iona Teriipaia, superintendent of the mission YMMIA, The second Tahitian temple excursion group left for and Sister Maeva Tehaavi represented the mission at New Zealand in July 1965. The group numbered 101,

the annual MIA conference in Salt Lake City, perincluding some members who had made the trip in haps the first delegates officially to represent the 1963.

mission at one of the general conferences of the Today the membership of the French Polynesian

Church. Mission stands at some 4,100. Some are new converts

Beautiful new chapels have been built in a number ( ninetythree were baptized in 1965); some are from

of locations throughout the mission as part of the families that have been in the Church for generations.

extensive Church building program in the south seas. They are faithful, loving, and devoted. The gospel

A great step forward in the history of the mission has truly blessed their lives.

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA left: sailboats Far Small travel

to island. island are Fireeeh Polynesia from They

often used by the missionaries.

Middle left: Father and friends

view the baptism of a young girl in warm waters of the Pacific.

Left: A freshwater stream on the

island of Tahiti flows into ocean.

Metal rings on trees keep crabs, other animals away from coconuts.

o Seven Laurel girls of the Papeete

Branch make leis on the blacksand beach of the Bounty Bay of Tahiti.

M X

*"; - v j

: "-CS k,J \p*ft f a.

I

'.:':f*"i2te* **

j$r"',**gp if Fireeeh

"Mormon street"in Papeete, Tahiti. All

people on both sidesof the street are members of Church.

Leaves cover the underground ovens in which food is being cooked.

Papeete Latterday #K Saint Boy Scouts sing a native ballad while out on encampment.

An openair Sunday School class meets outside of Papeete chapel. The flowers,

bougainvillea, grow in great profusion throughout islands.

Perhaps in no other place in the world,

the Rocky Mountains excepted, have

Latterday Saints contributed so significantly

O O

BY JAY M. TODD

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE According to the legendary Hawaiiloa, the "true the Hawaiian natives. When the presiding elder chose

religion"would someday come to Hawaii in the form four senior companions—one of whom was 23year-old

of a "square box."In 1819 the great King Kamehameha George Q. Cannon, youngest of the ten—James Keeler,

I outlawed idolatry and made Hawaiians virtually a one of the remaining five, momentarily withdrew himpeople without a religion in preparation for events of self and bowed in prayer, asking that if it be the will which not even the king was aware. With the coming of the Lord he be permitted to work with Elder

of the first Christian missionaries in 1820 and then Cannon.

the publication in 1839 of the Bible in the language The first choice of companion fell to Elder Cannon, of the people, many Hawaiians were convinced that who later wrote, "My mind had not rested on any one the Bible was the "square box"to which the ancient as my choice for partner, and I was at a loss for a seer referred. It was an excellent foundation. few moments whom to select. Then the Spirit of the

But with the arrival of ten Latterday Saint missionLord plainly told me to choose Brother James Keeler."

aries in Honolulu, December 12, 1850, the fulfillment This inspired selection formed a companionship of the "square box"prophecy took on deeper signifithat singlehandedly—with further blessings of the

cance when Hawaiians learned of Joseph Smith's Lord—was to establish a mission of thousands before

reception of gold plates from a stone box at the hands either companion returned home. Their monumental

of an angel. efforts have few equals in the annals of missionary

Yet Hawaiians were not to obtain this "true religion"history, and perhaps no greater figure ever left a so easily. Unusual as it may seem to our present more permanent mark upon a mission than did young

worldoriented church, the first missionaries seem to George Q. Cannon.

have had little intention of proselyting the natives—As to their field of labor, Maui fell their lot. The

and indeed, had it not been for the intervention of the Lord would soon manifest why it was so, but for the

Lord, the reception of the restoration message by the present, they and the other missionaries departed to

Hawaiians might have been considerably delayed. their islands of labor.

Though Hawaiian natives swarmed around them the In vain they tried to create interest in the resident day they landed, the elders seemed oblivious to the Americans and English. By February only one boy

call that was theirs. Even the next day, when they had been baptized. Morale was low. The funds of

assembled on the hills behind Honolulu to plead for some were exhausted. A month later, four of the

guidance and one of their number spoke in tongues, elders returned home. A fifth—the presiding elderthe missionaries seemed not to have understood that headed for the South Seas. Those who left gave strong

they would soon be dealing with people of another argument that the Sandwich Islands had received its language. spiritual warning.

The elders felt that their mission was to the everBut Elders Cannon, Keeler, and Henry Bigler had increasing number of Europeans and Americans who spent a day fasting and praying in the mountains of were landing on Hawaii's shores. But through the Maui, and they had other ideas. Elder Cannon wrote:

inspiration of the Lord in the selection of companions, "... I sought the Lord in secret prayer and he conthe way was prepared for remarkable success among descended to commune with me, for I heard his voice

MAY I96S 383 more than once as one man speaks with another, encouraging me and showing me the work which should be done... I made up my mind to acquire

the language and preach the gospel to the natives.

... Elders Bigler and Keeler felt the same way."

Their course was set—but the road ahead was not

easy. In addition to learning Hawaiian, the elders

had to learn to 1 sleep on mats and to live on poi, which

Elder Cannon said made him gag to eat until he asked the Lord to make it "sweet unto me."

Soon three natives were baptized in Maui's surf.

By August 1851 there were 220 members of the Church in the Sandwich Islands—196 of them, on Maui. But

the truths of Joseph Smith's "square box"were not yet in the hands of the Hawaiian people.

Late one evening while attempting to find the road home, Elder Cannon felt impressed to return to a village through which he had just passed. There he met

a man who President Heber J. Grant later said had

been raised up by the Lord for a special purpose. The

man was Judge Jonatana H. Napela, an educated

descendant of the old chiefs, and one who was to play a major role in the publication of the first Book of

Mormon in any language of the descendants of Lehi.

From January 1852 until October 1853, Elder Cannon and Napela worked on the translation—whenever

they found time from duties of preaching, administering to the sick, forming branches, and baptizing.

Meanwhile, Elder Keeler had crossed to the other side of Maui and had prepared several villages for the reception of the gospel. The two elders later spent

the better part of five days baptizing the villagers.

Soon new missionaries arrived from Utah, and they too turned their labors toward the native population.

Baptism figures soared. By October 1853, when Elder

Cannon was released to travel among the branches to gather moneys for the publication of the Book of

Mormon, there were several thousand members. By

the time the book was published in 1855, there were over 4,000 Hawaiian Saints. By 1864, when the American elders were once again

So many Hawaiians had joined the Church—judged on Hawaii's shores to reorganize the mission, many

at one time to be about ten percent of the population—members had drifted away and had returned to their

that the elders deemed it wise to provide a gathering former faiths and habits. At a conference held in

place in order that the Saints could better develop October 1864, only 200 Hawaiian Saints were present.

their own society. The island of Lanai was chosen. A year later, after the elders had been able to visit all

But the gathering was hardly underway when all the branches and put things in order, church memberAmerican elders were called home as the Utah Saints ship in Hawaii was believed to be about 1,000.

prepared for the "Utah War"of 1858. Though it would be ten long years before church

The task of preparing the young mission to continue membership rolls would show as many Saints in on alone took about one year. Branch and district Hawaii as there were before the "Utah War,"the

leadership roles were assigned to native elders, some Lord's designs were not frustrated. Shortly after the

of whom had been in the Church just a short time. mission was reorganized, President Brigham Young

Although they were inexperienced in priesthood appeared in vision to one of the elders and confirmed leadership, they struggled to do the best they could. the plans of purchasing a 6,000acre plantation at

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the last monarch of Hawaii, entered the waters of baptism. Until she was deposed in the revolution of

1893, the elders held Sunday services at the palace.

As the membership increased, the idea of gathering to Utah started to grow. And therein lies the story

of perhaps the most unique colonization experiment in the American West. In 1889 a 1,280acre ranch was

Honolulu is famed as Below: The black sands

a tourist center. Two of Honaunau on the big

of her most beloved atisland of Hawaii and tractions are Diamond the everchanging sea

Head, ancient volcanic beckon both young and crater, and sunwashed old. The rocks in the

Waikiki Beach, where foreground are coated water sports have been with black lava from loved for generations. volcanic eruptions.

aIih s i

''., jMsAACiyyis %M '', '-V- t '

Laie, Oahu, which would serve as the new gathering selected at Skull Valley, near Grantsville, Utah, for place and spiritual center for the Saints. Hawaiian Saints who desired to emigrate to be

History has confirmed that inspired event in a most near the Church and a temple. For the next 26 years,

dramatic manner. During the ensuing years, though Iosepa—named for President Joseph F. SmithLaie had periods of drouth and poor crop production, flourished, and contrary to generally accepted opinion,

the Mormon village and its people prospered. A point it was extremely successful and called by U.S. governof interest is that during lean periods, Hawaiians, like ment observers "a model community."The colony was

their Utah counterparts, went to the mountains for disbanded in order that Hawaiians might return to plant roots for food. build their own temple.

So prominent did Laie become that King Kalakaua Both colonies, Laie and Iosepa, provided onthe-job visited the village in 1874, saying that he felt "pertraining in principles of the Church. The Hawaiian

fectly at home."He also noted, "As I visit the different Saints were now ready for what Elder Rudger Clawvillages, I find that where the Mormon influence preson called the "greatest day in the history of Hawaii"

vails, there are large families. I find health, thrift,...—the day that a temple might stand upon her shores.

loyal subjects."Some years later Queen Liliuokalani, Many had prophesied of such an event, and thousands

MAY 1966 385 saw the fulfillment Thanksgiving Day, 1919, when the from Hawaii "will go men and women whose influence first temple for the descendants of Lehi was dedicated will be felt for good towards the establishment of by President Heber J. Grant. peace internationally."The Hawaiian Latterday Saint

More than 15 years later the first stake outside of spiritualcultural-educational institutions will produce continental America was organized in Hawaii, but not statesmen, prominent citizens, and missionaries whose before the next step in Hawaii's progress was noted in influence will carry far beyond the nations that rim 1921 when Elder David O. McKay of the Council of the Pacific. The story of Latterday Saints in Hawaii

the Twelve envisioned Laie as a great educational is just beginning!

center.

But the vision was to lie dormant for many years.

The world was tossed in battle. On December 7, 1941,

Pearl Harbor exploded before the eyes of the 1 hear"knew Hawaiians. Yet those who had "ears to

that all would be well. During the Salt Lake Mormon

Tabernacle Choir Sunday broadcast that morning, more than one Hawaiian Saint noted the strange coincidences of that day: As the choir sang "Rock of

Ages,"announcement of the bombing had cut into the song. After the momentous message, Elder

Richard L. Evans'voice pervaded the air with those

sacred words, "And should we die before our journey's through, Happy day! All is well!"The choir then

sang this inspired selection.

After the war a master plan for the development of Laie was established, and in 1955 President McKay saw the vision realized as he dedicated the Church

College of Hawaii. Shortly thereafter, the famed

Polynesian Cultural Center was built and stands today as a worthy memorial to the cultural achievements of

Israel in the Pacific. The center has been called the Stiff. mm

greatest single attraction in Hawaii—outside of the

islands themselves—and brings thousands into favorable contact with the college and temple grounds. Above: Hawaiian fisherman mends his net at Polynesian

Perhaps in no other place in the world, the Rocky Cultural Center, maintained by the Church at Laie, Oahu.

Mountains excepted, have Latterday Saints become Tourists flock to the Center, nearby college and temple.

such an important part of the economiceducational- Purpose of the Center is to preserve the arts and crafts religious fabric as they have done in Hawaii. Makingof the Polynesianbaskets frompeoples.coconutSixfrondsculturesis thisare sister'srepresented.task.

Prominent Latterday Saints abound in all walks of

Hawaiian life.

Governor John A. Burns of Hawaii recently said,

"For more than 100 years the Mormon Church and its workers have provided a force for moral, social, and economic progress in Hawaii—their contribution

is universally recognized as outstanding.

"The accomplishments of our Mormon friends are many and impressive, and yet I think none excel the spirit of faith and selfsacrifice they have instilled in those with whom they have come in contact. Truly

they have been and remain conscientious builders of

Hawaii."Today, with more than 21,000 members of the

Church in the Hawaiian Islands, Latterday Saints of many nationalities and cultures labor together as they prepare to realize President McKay's prophecy that

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Hawaii

Left: The Polynesian Cultural

Center, with representation from six cultures, has become a great tourist attraction in Hawaii. Church College and

Hawaii Temple are nearby.

mniHunBBHRnisn jjH Hong$tucienKong,ts fromJapan,Tahiti,New Zealand,Samoa,

Tonga, Rotuma, Korea at CCH.

Hawaiian Sai?its make bed frame

to be displayed at the Hawaiian village at the Cultural Center.

MAY 1966 387 first gHawaii templeThe Hawaiibuilt Templeoutsidewascontinentalthe

America and is near the location of ancient Hawaiian city of refuge.

Below: Administration building of

the Church College of Hawaii at night. Murals above doors depict

highlights of LDS Hawaiian history.

Middle right: Hawaiian Saints outside the Hawaiian village weaving -.

pillows and baskets and other work representative of their culture. J

Right: The church building program

has built many beautiful chapels such as this one on Oahu, where the

Saints are meeting at a conference.

In early days the Church in New Zealand was mainly Maori - - but today

European New Zealanders and Maoris mold a noble brotherhood.

BY ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

RESEARCH EDITORNewZealandThe New Zealanders are people of two great culture, which suffered sadly during the first century cultures: those whose background is European, of white civilization, are now stabilized and improving

predominantly British, with a scattering of Dutch, constantly. Today's Maori wears Europeantype

who constitute 93 percent of the population; and clothing, has a European diet, and lives in Europeanthose whose background is native, the Maori. In their style housing. He is proud of his heritage. And what

daily lives, they work together. In the Church they a heritage it is!

are together as members, in ward and branch leader- "In the absence of any written language,"according ship, in missionary, priesthood, welfare, auxiliary, and to Michael Barry, "the Maoris of yesteryear used the temple activity. carvingcraft as a medium through which they traced

The Dutch navigator Abel Janszoon Tasman dis-—and even illustrated—noteworthy events in their

covered New Zealand in 1642, in the golden period lives. In those days every Maori family possessed a

of exploration. Captain James Cook explored its coasts ichakapapa, or 'genealogical stick'—a piece of finely

in 176970, and British sovereignty was proclaimed in carved wood that might well be termed a 'family tree.'

still in existence today, closely 1840, with organized settlement commencing the same Many such sticks are year. guarded treasures of Maori families. Some have found

their way into museums and private collections.

This is the land of the Maori, a people who, by "If you were to examine a ivhakapapa, you would their own traditions, arrived late in New Zealand, see, right at the top of the stick, a finely carved male migrating from Hawaiki (Hawaii or Samoa). They figure. This represents the progenitor of the family

are a wellbuilt people; their hair is wavy black, their line, usually a voyager in one of the [seven] great

eyes dark brown and characteristically open wide, canoes that brought the Maori immigrants to New their noses straight, their skins slightly brown. In the Zealand so many years ago. Further carvings down

past they practiced facial tattooing, a practice that the whakapapa depict subsequent heads, interspersed has died out. The native clothing worn by the Maoris with a carefully carved chronicle of various notable

of old, a loose garment woven from flax, was no doubt events, associated with these individuals.

adopted after they arrived in the colder climate of "At the death of the head of a family, the whakaNew Zealand. While they were mostly vegetarian, papa traditionally came into the custody of the eldest

they caught some fish. They lived in bark or bough surviving son, or heir, whose duty it then became to

huts and made canoes. Their numbers, physiques, and carve his own image on the stick and to likewise

record highlights of his life as they occurred—to diary,

as it were, those matters that he considered worthy of passing on to future generations of his family. This

explains the fact that in early Maori families the carver was always the eldest son. This was also why

a piece of carving commenced, but for some reason

At Temple View, three Polynesian and two European students at the Church

College of New Zealand check globe.

unfinished, could never be completed by any other have seen the coming of the first Christian missionthan the heir of the carver who commenced it. When, aries to New Zealand, and all were devout adherents

in the early 1800's, the alphabet was introduced to to one of the several churches which had already the Maori people by Pakeha [white] missionaries, the been established among them....

whakapapa became superseded by manuscript record- "The great native leaders assembled at this convenings, and functional carvings came to an end."(New tion could conceive of nothing of more vital imporZealand Holiday, March 1964, pp. 9-11.) tance to the wellbeing of the race than to> know the

The Maoris also place great importance on the oral answer to 1 the questions: 'Which is the church? Which

traditions of their fathers. Many a young Mormon one should the Maori join so there will be once again

missionary, assigned to record genealogy, has been a unity of religious belief among them? Where was

awed by the perfect memory of older men as, unknown the power of God unto salvation for the Maori to each other, they have recited in perfect detail the race?'...

generations of their common ancestry. "At last it was moved, and the motion approved,

Latterday Saint missionaries from Australia first that the allimportant question should be propounded arrived in New Zealand October 27, 1854. For more to one Paora Potangaroa, the wisest chief and most

than a quarter of a century the work of the gospel learned sage among them....

progressed slowly, for the missionaries concentrated "Potangaroa's answer was one word, 'taihoa'which

on the Europeans. At the close of the year 1871, eleven means, 'wait,'or 'wait awhile,'and which, in this inNew Zealand Saints left Auckland to make their home stance, implied that he would answer the question

in Utah. In January 1881 William M. Bromley of later after he had given the matter serious consideraSpringville, Utah, arrived to preside over the Australtion. The old sage then left the assembly and retired

asian Mission, having been advised before leaving to his own residence, which was nearby. There for

home "that the time had come to take the gospel to three days he was occupied in prayer, fasting, and the Maori people."meditation about the problem which had been preIn the words of the late Elder Matthew Cowley of sented for his solution. He was aware that the true

the Council of the Twelve: answer would not come without prayerful meditation

"In March, 1881, a convention was called of repreand without invoking divine aid. After having been

sentative natives of the Ngatikahungunu Tribe of the thus engaged for three days, he returned to the

Maori race for the purpose of discussing political, convention and addressed his people.

social, and religious problems of racial importance.... "Freely translated, these were his words: 'My

"Many of those in attendance were old enough to friends, the church for the Maori people has not yet

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Left: Side by side, coeds

of European and Polynesian cultures learn to prepare favorite dishes at Church College at Temple View, N.Z.

Opposite page: Intricate

flaxen tuku tuku panels being woven by some Maori Latterday Saints for display at the Polynesian Cultural Center, Laie, Hawaii.

Below: Maori woodcarvers

patiently work designs for Polynesian Cultural Center. Of all Polynesians,

only the Maoris developed this ancient art, perhaps because the kinds of trees native to their islands were suitable to development of this remarkable type of storied woodwork.

come among us. You will recognize it when it comes. ment Era, September 1950, pp. 696698.)

Its missionaries will travel in pairs. They will come The year 1883 was a year of great honor and great

from the rising sun. They will visit in our homes. faith among the people of Ngatikahungunu, the tribe

They will learn our language and teach us the gospel of the sage and chief Potangaroa. Members of the

in our own tongue. When they pray, they will raise tribe joined the Church of Jesus Christ in great numtheir right hands.'bers. Many members of other Maori tribes also joined

Then this venerable chief dictated a covenant: the Church during the same year.

''First, this is the day of the fulness [1881].'"Later Andrew Jenson, the late assistant church historian,

in that year the LDS missionaries did come among cites these growth statistics at this time of the the Maoris, coming and teaching as promised. mission's history: In 1885 there was a total Church

''Second, the year 1882,'he said, 'would be the year membership in New Zealand of 1,238, 1,038 of whom of the "sealing"'[or the year they would learn of the were Maoris. At the close of 1887, the Church memsealing ordinance]. Third, the year 1883 will be the bership was 2,573, with 2,243 being Maoris.

year of 'the honoring'—of 'great faith.'"( The ImproveSo great has been the appeal of the Church to the

MAY 196G 391 Maori people that at times the elders have had difficulty convincing the Europeans that the restored gospel is indeed for all men. Today, however, the

New Zealanders are joining the Church and finding joy in its brotherhood.

At the close of the year 1897 the old Australasian

Mission was closed and two separate missions were formed, the Australian Mission and the New Zealand

Mission.

The Book of Mormon came to the Maoris in their own tongue in April 1889. The Doctrine and Covenants

J&Si. "*fiS

Christchurch chapel at South Island, New Zealand, is Portrait of an old Maori native attests to the goodness one of the southernmost LDS chapels in the tvorld. It of his way of life. Facial and body tattooing, full of

is a distinctive product of the church building program. symbolism, was once extensively practiced among Maoris.

and the Pearl of Great Price were published in Maori settled, would be a gathering place of the Saints and in 1919. that a temple would crown a rise in the ground. All

In 1907 the Church purchased land at Korangata, this was accomplished when the Church College of

Hastings, where the Maori Agricultural College was New Zealand and the temple were dedicated in established in 1912. It served well until 1931, when April 1958.

the buildings were condemned following severe These buildings had been built largely by labor damage in an earthquake. When President David O. missionaries—contractors who came from America to

McKay visited New Zealand in the late 1950's, visits work on the buildings while teaching their coworkers, that culminated in his dedication of the New Zealand young New Zealanders, lifetime trades. In addition,

Temple, he delightedly noted that most of the church dozens of chapels have been constructed. It has been

leadership wore the "MAC"lapel button, designating said that many of today's leaders of the Church in themselves as former students of the college. New Zealand are products of the labor missions, just

During his second term as mission president, beginas Zion's Camp provided leadership for the young ning in 1928, Elder John E. Magleby prophesied that Church a century and a third ago. In the tomorrows,

the valley of Waikato, which was then sparsely many of the leaders (Continued on page 439)

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NewZealand Left: "Mormon Valley,"

so called because area embraces the homes and farms of a number of Saints in New Zealand.

Below: LDS temple in New

Zealand, just one of many accomplishments of Church in South Seas, was dedicated April 20, 1958, by

President David 0. McKay.

Left: Elders now arrive at Auckland in hours by

air, in contrast to 1843-4-4- sea journey of 203 days for first LDS missionaries to Polynesia.

Students at Church College of New Zealand participate in a school play. Students have many

opportunities for extracurricular activities.

A good game of rugby might Right: The mission home atNew excite anyone, particularly Auckland, which was built

these Church College boys. by the labor missionaries.

A new student at Church College of New Zealand signs enrollment forms.

Many Europeans have come to "the land of—theNewlong Zealand—white cloud"to

make their homes on the far southern isles.

Faith and devotion to the gospel characterize

the Saints of Samoa, the heart of the South Seas.

BY DONNA HIGGINS

FORMERLY EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE amoa "Oh, I shall never forget you, Samoa e le galo atu."

These were the words of President David O. McKay,

as he concluded his first visit to Samoa in 1921. This

soulstirring farewell to the Saints and friends of the islands of Samoa is described among his sacred and neverto-beforgotten experiences.

It was May 10, 1921, and the Saints of Samoa were anticipating the visit of an apostle to their islands for the first time in history. Elder McKay and Elder

Hugh J. Cannon arrived by boat and were requested

by Mission President John Q. Adams, representing

the Samoan Saints, to remain aboard ship until Studentsat Apia. inWhilea classroommost of atthethestudentsChurch areCollegeSamoan,of Samoasome

morning, when a fitting reception would be made. come from Tahiti, Tonga, other islands of the Pacific.

The reception included garlands of vines and flowers, Modern Samoans are also described as a proud, bands, joyous singing, and a great feast. dignified, handsome, and funloving people. Perhaps

The visit, which lasted three weeks, was highlighted this is because the coastal landscape of their islands by conference meetings, baptismal services, missionary is nearly the ideal of a South Sea island paradise, and testimony meetings, and a concert. they realize it.

As the elders prepared to leave Samoa, they found After a history of political instability, the Samoan people standing in double columns from the door into Islands are now divided into two political affiliations.

the street, and as they came through the door, the Eastern Samoa, an unincorporated territory of the people began to sing. Handshaking and tears mingled United States, is sometimes referred to as American

with the songs as the Saints clung to the elders. Samoa. It includes seventysix square miles and has a

Before he left, President McKay offered prayer and population of 20,050 (1960 census). Pago Pago,

gave a blessing to the people. ( See The Editor's Page, Tutuila, is the capital of Eastern Samoa.

p. 364). The Saints erected a monument at that sacred Western Samoa, whose capital city is Apia, Upolo,

place near Sauniatu, where the prayer and blessing is an independent state of 1,133 square miles. Its

had been given. population was 116,000 in 1962.

On January 15, 1955, President McKay, with Sister The four main islands of this tropical paradise are

McKay, returned to Sauniatu and visited the monuSavaii, Upolu, Tutuila, and Manua. All of the islands,

ment that had been erected in honor of his visit except Rose Island, are of volcanic origin. The climate

thirtyfour years before. is tropical, and the main products are cocoa, rubber,

The people of Samoa are known for showing their bananas, and coconut.

warmth and love, as is depicted in this experience of Samoa's contact with Christianity dates back to the our Prophet. Because of the great love and great faith"early 1830's and to the Protestants who were the first

of the people, Samoa is often referred to as "the heart to proselyte on the islands. Protestant missionaries

of the South Seas."came to Samoa from Tahiti.

MAY 1966 395 ""'It** 1

Below: Students in agriculture class at Church College of Samoa are taught the techniques of properly

planting and caring for a banana tree. Their instructor is a member of the Church from the United States.

Bottom: Leo Brown, native Samoan, stands beside mango

tree at spot where President McKay in 1921 blessed the

Brown family and plantation. Since then, the tree has

borne mangoes three to four times larger than ordinary.

Above: At one of the churchoperated elementary schools

on Samoa, students play marbles during recess. It is

interesting to note that in most schools in this area, students wear uniforms that the school prescribes.

Samoa's first acquaintance with The Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints came in 1863, when two Hawaiian Latterday Saint elders were called to be Samoan missionaries. These two men baptized fifty

people. A few years later the gospel ceased to be

taught and the members joined other denominations.

In June 1888 the Church named Joseph H. Dean

of Salt Lake City as mission president. Serving with

President Dean was W. O. Lee, who arrived in

October 1888. He reported that the Samoans were

familiar with the Bible and had used it as a means of learning to read. He found that they also had a general

belief in the Bible and in the worship of God.

A highlight of the early mission history was the erection of a new meetinghouse in 1888 at Aunuu.

On Sunday, October 28, 1888, the first conference on the Samoan Islands was held, and the new meetinghouse was dedicated.

The problem of getting from one island to another was a grave one for those first missionaries. In her

series of books Our Pioneer Heritage, Kate B. Carter

describes one approach to the problem that four elders took in 1888. They "went to Leone, on the west coast

of Tutuila, where they bought a firstclass boat, with sails, masts, anchors, four oars, and everything complete with new copper fastenings, for $140.... The

boat was dedicated by President Dean January 9,

After coconut is husked, it is shredded into a wooden In the high, mountainous village of Sauniatu, Samoa, a bowl. Samoans use coconut oil from shredded coconut young man demonstrates how to take husk off coconut. He

for many purposes, in cooking and preparing of'foods. uses pointed stick embedded in ground and pushes shell

The coconut tree is said to be the lifeblood of the islands. of coconut into it, then turns coconut to remove husk.

1889, and named 'Faaliga,'which is the native word It began with the idea of a new house for the misfor revelation.'sionaries. The services of native carpenters were

An overnight trip between Eastern and Western engaged, and their friendship and confidence were

Samoa meant two days or more by small boat then, won by the elders. A few months later, when a group

especially if no wind propelled the boats and the of Sauniatu school children toured Savaii, some missionaries had to row. On one such trip, according village chiefs saw the good fruits of placing their

to the account in Mrs. Carter's book, "Several elders children in Latterday Saint schools.

and native crewmen set out from Pago Pago for Apia. Then one Sunday after attending Sunday School

En route a terrific storm arose. Their course lay at a village on the coast, two Mormon conference

westward along the south coast of Upolu Island to presidents decided to walk inland to Tapueleele. They

Apia. But despite frantic rowing and bailing out were well received.

water, they were driven straight west, down the south The results were reported as follows: "In a remarkcoast of Upolu. ably short time, word filtered through as far as Upolu

It seemed impossible to land through the trementhat Tapueleele had turned en masse to the 'Mordous surf, but through the heavy rain natives ashore mons.'... Without one word from us, all the chiefs

saw their peril and put to sea in canoes, finally, of the village [Tapueleele] decided that they wanted dramatically, rescuing them."the LDS Church and one of its schools in their

By December 1893 the Samoan Mission had grown precinct, and in decorous fashion they met in solemn to 253 members. Twentyseven elders and four misconclave and then and there decided to oust their

sionary sisters were laboring there. These early minister, turn over the wellbuilt little frame church

missionaries ate native food, traveled rough volcanic and nativebuilt but large minister's house to the trails on foot, and underwent many privations that Mormons....

now are not necessary in Samoa. "Elders were sent there each Sabbath, both white

In 1923 Elder John Q. Adams, mission president, and Samoan, to hold services with them....

reported the conversion of an entire Samoan village "The prophet said anciently that in the last days to the faith of the Latterday Saints. the Lord would pour out his Spirit on all flesh, and

Three incidents led to this remarkable conversion. that young men should prophesy. Elders David O.

MAY 1966 397

McKay and Hugh J. Cannon lived up to this declarapeople of Samoa are Christians, and it was reported

tion, when last year, while here on their world tour, that 6.27 percent of the people in Western Samoa

they assured the Saints of Samoa that the time was were members of the Church, compared to 4.60 pernot far distant when a whole village would come into cent in 1956, when a similar study was made. This

the Church in a day.... And now, in the very yesterwas a greater proportional increase of membership

day, it has been vindicated by fulfillment."(Millenthan shown by any other church in Samoa.

nial Star, February 8, 1923, pp. 8687. Government regulations limit the number of misMiraculous happenings on the islands of tropical sionaries from America who may serve in Samoa, so

paradise have continued and as their numbers have the ranks of one hundred missionaries 'include fiftygrown, the Samoan Saints have been blessed through five Samoans. Last year the first fulltime missionary

their faith and love. As an example, the September from Samoa to labor in a foreign field entered the

1959 quarterly historical report of the Samoan Mission Mission Home in Salt Lake City. He was Elder

tells of a woman who was sick with cancer. Her Foalima Ho Kum, who is now laboring in the Southfamily had thought she would surely die and had gone west Indian Mission. ( Continued on page 448

so far as to purchase a coffin. But the woman insisted that because of a blessing given by the mission president, she would get

well.. And 'six months, calledThatchedfales,huts dotwithoutthe walls,white

later she was reported sands outside Pago Pago in

This area American Samoa. Although to be well.

primitive paradise wondrousjmany ihap - remainsin contra%t F# to near%y penings have taken place in the heart of the South Seas, there are still problems to surmount. In December 1961, President

J. Phillip Hanks reported that the transportation problem was still of great concern. The roads are bad,

and automobile traffic is limited to 25 miles an hour on dirt roads and 35 miles an hour on oiled roads.

The problem of traveling from American to Western

Samoa is still a major one, the very problem that perplexed the early missionaries.

Despite the transportation and communication difficulties, however, the Samoan Mission is making great progress. A milestone in the history of the

Church in Samoa came on March 18, 1962, when the

Apia Stake was organized under the direction of Elder

Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the Twelve and

Elder John Longden, assistant to the Council of the

Twelve. At the close of 1965, the membership of the

stake was 2,483, with seven wards and two branches.

Presiding over the Samoan Mission is President

Burton H. Price, formerly bishop of the North 18th

Ward in Salt Lake City. He arrived at the mission

headquarters in July 1965, accompanied by his wife,

Ardis, and children, Paul, Edris, and Mary Ann.

President Price, who served previously as a Samoan missionary in 193840, noted that in the past twentyfive years the membership of the Church there had tripled. The mission membership now numbers more

than 18,000, with ten districts and eightythree branches.

The growth of the Church in recent years has also been noted by a government survey of Western

Samoa, taken in 1962. Over ninetynine percent of the

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >aunnoa

(1) At Sauniatu, children sit by monument to President McKay.

(2) Children play volleyball at church elementary school, Samoa.

(3) Members work on plantation in mountains high above Pacific.

(U) Barefoot Samoan children climb coconut tree that extends out over waters of a beautiful blue lagoon near their home.

(5) Pictured is typical Samoan fale. The

islanders love flowers, and profusions of them grow the year round near their homes.

(6) Children of church elementary school,

Samoa, gather outside their coconutfrond thatched school building for entertainment.

(7) In clearwater streams such as this, most Polynesian peoples bathe regularly.

Woman uses rocks, clubs to pound clothes.

MAY 1966 399 Right: Samoan native returns

from his plantation carrying over his shoulder baskets of tropical fruit. This stream

runs by village of Sauniatu.

Above: Sisters of the Relief

Society in Samoa perform the neverending task of weaving attractive mats anal baskets.

Right: Although many modern chapels have been erected

in Polynesia, some branches are still meeting in structures of native materials. Here

Relief Society sisters o a Samoan branch hold meeting.

II u A Chinese, Fijian, two Europeans, and East

Indian are members of kindergarten class held in cultural hall, Suva Branch, Fiji Islands.

The beautiful LDS chapel of Suva, Fiji, part of the Tongan Mission, stands majestically on a hill overlooking Suva. Quarters for the

missionaries laboring in Suva are adjoining.

MAY 1966 401 Toffi school,(3) TheTonga,studentcompetesmarchingat banda "Bandof LiahonaDay."

Official host was churchsponsored school.

(1) Mulikinini, Viliami Fakataha, Siosifa

Tuiketei Pule, Tongan Mission auxiliary leaders, travel by boat to branch conference. Mat around waist is proper attire.

(2) Bringing coconuts out of the "bush."

Meat of the ripe coconuts is used to make copra. Green coconuts are used extensively to supply drinking water and food.

(4) MIA activity provides ample opportunity for Saints to practice native dances.

(5) A Monday morning devotional and flagraising exercise at Liahona high school

(6) Tongan Relief Society sisters take a respite. Note expressive hand movements.

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One of the most effective sermons now preached

in the Tongan Mission is in... the remarkable

building program of the Church. yi

BY CARTER E. GRANT

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATEHbmia Running westward on our large global map is a English language, the three men arrived on the island colored travel line, beginning at San Francisco and of Tongatabu July 15, 1891. They immediately visited

ending in the Tonga or Friendly Islands. At Hawaii, the king of the islands, Jiaoji (George), who

2,000 miles en route, the course swings southwest 2,700 granted the two elders the privilege of teaching their miles to Tongatabu, the largest island of this low, gospel to the Tongan people.

southwest Pacific group. This island is about fortyfive For the sum of twenty dollars a year, the elders

miles long and at places fifteen miles wide. rented a piece of ground in the village of Mua and

In the capital city of Nukualofa is the headquarters then sent by boat to New Zealand, some fifteen of the Tongan Mission, presided over by Patrick D. hundred miles to the south, for lumber to build a fiveDaly, Jr. With him are his wife, Lela Jesperson Daly, room home, with one room large enough for group

and their two children. It should be added here that meetings. On May 15, 1892, just ten months after their

in 1958 the Fiji Mission was transferred to the Tongan arrival, the home was dedicated as a place of worship.

Mission, making one united mission of these two By this time there were five elders in Tonga, but as groups of islands lying so close together. yet no baptisms had been performed.

Nukualofa lies about seven hundred miles southwest Since learning the Tongan language had been so of Samoa and 1,800 miles northeast of Sydney, difficult, the five elders decided in a meeting on May

Australia. The chief products of the Tongan and Fijian 26, 1892, that until they learned the language, their

islands—coconuts, bananas, coffee, oranges, pineapples, communications for three days each week would be

and various other tropical fruits and vegetables—are in the native tongue. By adhering to this agreement,

shipped around the world. The islands are also noted they soon learned to communicate with the natives.

for their sponges, fishing nets, and excellent mats. On July 15, 1892, the brethren opened the first LDS

The first two Latterday Saint elders to labor in the school in Tonga for teaching the gospel in the Tongan

Tongan islands were Brigham Smoot and Alva J. and English languages. On September 11, Brigham

Butler, who had been set apart in Samoa by President Smoot baptized one of the adult members of this

William O. Lee of the Samoan Mission. In company school, and with great joy the members began calling

with a native Tongan, who was acquainted with the him "Brother Alibate."Seven months later, April 16,

1893, a native man and wife were baptized.

the be stature seen in can Tongans Large of wnny royal In 1895 Elder Andrew Jenson, assistant church late Tupou, Salote here with Queen of who pose family center, second row. George, left rear, is present king. historian, was sent to visit the Tongan Mission. He

writes: "The state of unpreparedness of the natives to

receive spiritual instruction and live the principles of the gospel being so apparent, the presidency of the

Samoan Mission, after consultation with the First

Presidency of the Church, called in the missionaries from Tonga and closed the mission in 1897."

In 1917, shortly after the Tonga Islands had come under British control, the authorities of the Church

Tongan Relief Society sisAbove right: Although resters proudly display their toration of Aaronic Priestbeautifully colored mats, hood occurred in America,

made of pressed tree bark. the event is marked by this

They wear clothes of tapa. monument at Matahau.

Right: Coconuts littering

the ground and fish nets drying are common sights.

Note fish trap, left, in which the fish are placed.

established the Tongan Mission and appointed Willard

L. Smith as president. Upon his arrival at Tongatabu

with a few elders, he built a small mission home at

Mua, but the headquarters for the mission was later moved to its present location.

The Tongan people responded readily to music, especially to the youth and adult choirs organized by the elders, and in no time at all these choirs became fertile sources for converts. This was particularly

true after the choirs were turned into schools for singing and speaking the English language—a language

that Tongans seemed to pick up rather readily.

Recently while the author of this article was searching the records for interesting information about the

Tongan people, he became acquainted with four native Tongans—Mr. and Mrs. Samuela V. Fakatou,

both working in the Salt Lake Temple for their kindred dead, and their son Robert and daughter

Mary, who recently returned from missions to Tonga.

The author asked Robert to put in writing one of his rich missionary experiences that was in keeping with the theme—"The Spirit of Tonga."

"In the Doctrine and Covenants, section 18, verse 15,"his article begins, "the Savior tells his followers of the joy they will receive if they labor all their days in his service and bring but one soul unto Christ. The

following is a report of a conversion of a Tongan sister that fulfilled this promise.

i

"One Monday morning while I was in the mission felt impressed to change the subject and to talk about home, two elders and I decided to go tracting. Everythe conditions and prophecies pertaining to this earth

where we went an evil force seemed to block our way. in the last days. At the conclusion of the lesson, no

Even people who had previously been friendly one spoke for a few moments. Then Mele explained

rejected us. About one o'clock we returned to the why she had called us back. She said that she had

mission home rather discouraged. But after praying been expecting us for two days. She stated that in

to our Heavenly Father for guidance, we again started her youth she had been taught many things about the tracting, not really having any definite destination in Church by a relative who was a member. She also

mind. After walking for some time we stopped in said that she had been miraculously healed through

front of a wooden house with a thatched house next the administration of some missionaries and that to it. The lady in the wooden house was not intershe would have joined the Church then, but her parested, but she suggested we try her sister, Mele, next ents refused to give their consent. As she grew older

door. At first Mele told us that she was not interested, her interest lagged and she neglected to be baptized.

but as we turned away she called us back and ob- "She also said that two days before we knocked at served us carefully. her door, she had had an impressive dream in which

"I began to give her the 'Godhead lesson,'but I soon she saw two groups of people. One group was dressed

Liahona students put out welcome mat for visiting officials. The school is

said to be one of finest in Tonga.

in white clothing, and they were smiling and very happy. The other group, whom she recognized as her

relatives, were in black and were exceedingly unhappy, and she could see tears in their eyes. While

she stood gazing at them, three young men appeared before her and told her to choose the group to which she wished to belong. These three young men promised her that in a few days someone would come and

aid her in making her decision.

"Thus, when we came and knocked at her door, she made sure that we were the three young men she had seen in her dream.

"From that moment forward Mele was anxious to receive our message. She was soon converted, and on upon the elders. However, President Emile C. Dunn

June 4, 1964, I had the privilege of baptizing her reorganized the mission and put the local brothers and and confirming her a member of The Church of Jesus sisters in various positions of leadership. It was

Christ of Latterday Saints. marvelous how the Lord came to their aid.

"This sacred experience not only strengthened my "One of the most effective sermons now preached testimony, but it brought me the reward of unbounded in the Tongan Mission,"concludes Elder Fakatou, joy promised by the Savior.""is not in words, but in 'hammer, nails, and saw—

Brother and Sister Fakatou related some of their the remarkable building program of the Church. The

faithpromoting experiences during their four missions LDS tree is known by its fruits, for converts by the of two years each among their native people. hundreds are now coming into The Church of Jesus

"When I was fifteen years of age,"reported Brother Christ of Latterday Saints."

Fakatou, "I was sent from my home island of Felemea, Reports from the sixty branches of the Tongan

Ha'apai, to the government college on Tongatabu. Mission show that in 1965 there were 1,108 baptisms,

"My great desire to learn English led me to a bringing the present Latterday Saint membership to

Latterday Saint missionary who taught English in a 9,918. Within this group are 1,233 men and boys

mission school in Fahefa. On my first Sunday, he holding the Aaronic Priesthood and 749 men holding

said, 'You may please yourself about going to your the Melchizedek Priesthood. Also in these islands are

church or going with me to my church.'I said to him, thirtysix churchowned buildings, including the

'All churches are the same. I will go with you to your beautiful Liahona College (equivalent to a U.S. high

church.'school) and its 200 acres of ground at Nafualu.

"This little branch of Fahefa was then made up This school and its extensive grounds were dediof two families—Hema's and Metui's. Old Metui cated December 1, 1953, by Elder LeGrand Richards

Tua'one, the superintendent, was also teacher of the of the Council of the Twelve Apostles. Many notable

Sunday School. Things seemed strange to me at first, government officials were present. Queen Salote of

but it wasn't long before I felt at home with this little the Tonga Islands formally opened the services with religious group, and right away I decided that I had a very complimentary address in which she praised found the true church. Therefore, on June 27, 1916, the Church. "She expressed appreciation for the efforts

at the Liku seashore, I was baptized and confirmed and contributions of money that had made the school a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday possible and requested Elder Richards to convey her

Saints. greetings and thanks to the First Presidency and

"All elders at this time became schoolteachers of General Authorities of the Church for the part the

English in the various branches of the mission. This Church has played in building the school for the

seemed to be the best lead the elders had of introTongan people. She also expressed the wish that

ducing the gospel to our people. the school would achieve the end for which it had been

"In 1939 came World War II, and all the Zion elders built—'tO'build up and encourage Christian civilization

were called back home. This was a sad situation, among the Tongan people and the world.'"(Church

because the leadership of the mission was entirely News, December 26, 1953.

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1OM Famous for their beautiful sunsets, the South Seas are photographer's paradise. This is in Cook Islands.

Swaying palms and the soft roll of the surf have The onrush of the surf and luster of a left their mark in native art..Here girls of MIA South Seas'moon are captured in this

class in Avarua, Rarotonga, hold a dance practice, night scene in waters of Cook Islands.

k h I i

IF* m Natives loading a reef boat with copra.

After being loaded, the reef boat goes out to the ship which, because of the reef around island, cannot come closer.

MAY IS6S 407 RarotoeMa Young boy waits for a fisherman to dock in Cook Island waters.

Middle left: Many hours of wood carving Two Rarotongan missionaries take turns

have resulted in this beautiful recreation with the scrub board as they address room at Avarua Branch, Rarotonga, themselves to ageold missionary woes.

The sighting of a ship is always good excuse to gather on shore and await visitors. This is one of the typical

Cook Islands where missionaries labor.

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Great changes in the Cook Island Maoris attitude

toward the Church have been noted in recent years.

People are now asking to be taught

BY DAROLD M. MARLOWE

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

The Rarotonga Mission functioned as a separate Rarotonga in the thirteenth or fourteenth centuries mission of the Church from November 20, 1960, until A.D. went the wandering Maori race of fearless and

April 16, 1966, when it was consolidated with the skilled navigators that originally colonized New

New Zealand Mission. Supervision of Latterday Saint Zealand.

activities in the Cook Islands (the area formerly enEuropean discovery of the Cook Islands occurred compassed by the Rarotonga Mission) has been given gradually over a 228year period. The first island to

to Emile C. Dunn, a former president of the Tongan be discovered was Pukapuka, which was sighted in

Mission. Elder Dunn has been called as a counselor 1595 by a Spanish navigator. Between the years 1773

to President C. Douglas Barnes of the New Zealand and 1777 Captain James Cook came upon five of the

Mission. islands. In 1789 Lieutenant William Bligh, commandIn the past, irregular and infrequent transportation ing the HMS "Bounty,"discovered Aitutaki, today the

into and out of the Cook archipelago had been a major second most populous Cook island. Seventeen days

problem eventually giving rise to the formation of a later the famous mutiny occurred aboard ship. In the

separate mission there. This most recent action of same year, the fugitive mutineers stayed at Rarotonga

uniting the Cook Islands with the New Zealand Misone month, they being the first Europeans to lay eyes sion came as a result of improved flight scheduling, on that island.

particularly to and from New Zealand. In the early 1820's Reverend John Williams made

the first real contact with the native Maoris of the southern islands and introduced Protestant ChristianPerhaps you are not acquainted with Rarotonga, ity. During the latter part of the nineteenth century,

though most of us have heard of the Cook Islands of the British government gradually gained power. In

the South Pacific. The fifteen islands in this group, 1901 New Zealand formally annexed the Cook Islands.

most of which are small and widely scattered throughElder Noah Rogers, one of three Latterday Saint out an area of some 850,000 square miles of ocean, missionaries who brought the gospel into Polynesia fall naturally into two distinct areas. In the southern in 1844, traveled as far as the Cook Islands in search

group are nine islands upon which 85 percent of the of people eager to listen to his message.

Cook population dwells. The largest of these is More than a half century later, Elders Osborne J. P.

beautiful Rarotonga, lying 3,000 miles almost due Widtsoe (brother of the late Apostle John A. Widtsoe)

south of Hawaii; it is the home of nearly half of the and Mervin W. Davis of the former Society Islands

20,000 predominantly Polynesian inhabitants of the Mission departed Tahiti by steamer and arrived at

Cook group. Rarotonga May 23, 1899. They had been studying the

Rarotonga is believed to have been settled in the language for several months in preparation for a tenth century A.D. by Polynesians led by Tangiianui missionary assignment there. They distributed tracts

from Tahiti. The Maori language and customs of the on several gospel subjects, visited the homes of people

Cook Islands strongly resemble those of the New in the villages, and tried to hold meetings. However,

Zealand Maoris. Tribes in both places can trace their a law prohibited the natives from attending any

lineage back to a common ancestor. In fact, from meetings except those of the dominant church. AlMAY 1966 409

#1 *Uii it. aV>

Le/t: Primary children of Below: A native fisherman

Avarua Branch, Rarotonga. of the South Seas casts

his net among the coral Aotearoa Wolf Cub pack is reefs. Small boy is holding

one of first in Rarotonga. bag of fish already caught.

though the natives expressed interest in the message of Saints met for Sabbath meetings in Avarua. As they

of the elders, they were not able to declare it for fear continued to increase in numbers, they held their of severe punishment. services in a convert's home, a kikau (coconut frond)

In 1900 Elder Benjamin A. Johnson joined the two thatched shack, at Muri Enua. By June 1946, when

missionaries on Rarotonga and Elder Davis went to the BungeKrueger family left Rarotonga, there were

Aitutaki to open that island to proselyting. Apparently, thirtyfive members of record, including children.

when their missions were completed, these three elders In September 1946 fulltime missionaries arrived returned home without replacements. from New Zealand. Construction also commenced that

Forty years later, on May 12, 1942, Fritz Bungemonth on the first church building in the islands, a

Krueger, a New Zealander, was set apart by President kikau chapel at Muri Enua; and on October 6, 1946,

Matthew Cowley of the New Zealand Mission to do the first branch was partially organized. About a year

parttime missionary work in Rarotonga. Elder Bungelater the branch was officially dissolved: the Saints

Krueger had previously established a bakery in were too widely scattered and transportation was

Avarua, the chief village of Rarotonga; and now early difficult. However, auxiliaries continued to function,

in World War II, with his young bride, he returned and church activities were started in other villages.

there as a missionary. During the first year a handful On July 1, 1947, Elder Matthew Cowley, then of

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

Labor missionaries ready cement forms for another chapel in the South Seas.

The workmen of the Polynesian missions, laboring under direction of building supervisors, have built many island chapels.

Left: Sisters of the

Relief Society of a Rarotongan branch.

the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the little native As the plane carrying him away from the island taxied chapel at Muri. He also dedicated the Cook Islands out on the air strip for takeoff, a tire blew out—

for the preaching of the gospel. rare occurrence. The threeday delay enabled PresiIn 1950 a new field of labor was reopened to misdent Young to complete a sixtyyear lease on the

sionary work—the island of Aitutaki. Within a few property, although other religious groups exerted

months several people had joined the Church and strong opposition and told the people not to let the large numbers were attending nightly cottage meetLatter-day Saints get a foothold. The Church's memings. After much work and prayer, and despite bership on Rarotonga and Aitutaki at that time was

considerable opposition, a lease was obtained on a reported to be over two hundred.

oneacre plot of land, and a chapel and a missionary On July 16, 1954, the jurisdiction of missionary work home were built of native materials. in the Cook Islands was transferred to the Samoan

After a short visit to Rarotonga in 1951, the New Mission. Previously the semiannual visit of the mission

Zealand Mission president, Gordon C. Young, was president had required 5,500 miles of travel, a month's

compelled, because of infrequent flights to the island, time, and great expense. Now he could visit quarterly.

to leave without obtaining a firm lease on a lovely On a trip to the islands in December 1954, President threeacre piece of land fronting on the sea at Avarua. Howard B. Stone (Continued on page 445)

MAY 1966 411 mmma CONDUCTED BY THE CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

Surveys indicate "religious faith

y> is difficult to maintain in college.

The author disagrees—if one

follows eight simple steps.

BY KENNETH W. GODFREY institute

digious

The March 8, 1964, issue of This

Week Magazine featured an article entitled, "Is God Leaving the Campus?"James R. DeFoe, the

author, found that today's college students have serious religious problems.

The Reverend Gilbert E. Doan,

Jr., a Protestant minister, wrote an

article that appeared in the September 1960 issue of Frontiers magazine. It was titled "Religion

on Campus? Prepare to Abandon

Ship!"In the article he said, speaking to college freshmen, "By the

day you file out with the rest of your class at commencement time... your religion/ which you

brought with you to the campus in your freshman year, will have evaporated into thin air."

A recent sociological study found that far too many Latterday Saints become inactive in the Church between the ages of 18 and 30. Some

of these are university students.

Evidence indicates that a religious commitment is difficult for some to maintain in college.

It would seem that if religion among the educated is to survive, it must meet the challenge of secular education. New methods, new

techniques, and a greater awareness of religious problems of students are necessary if religion is to be412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

INSTRUCTOR (PRESENTLY ON LEAVE OF ABSENCE) ommitment <x Going to (college

come a vital force in our society. Church have also expressed their members who do not take classes

For example, a survey conducted concern about our colleges today. in religion. You will be well on

by the National Opinion Research Relative to the moral situation, one your way to staying with the "reCenter found that 8 percent of the is reminded of Jeremiah's stateligious ship"if you enroll in a class

Catholics, 10 percent of the Protesment, "Were they ashamed when in religion each quarter or semester tants, and 13 percent of the Jewish they committed abomination? nay, you are in school.

students abandon religion entirely they were not at all ashamed, 2. Keep reason and faith in

while attending college, but that neither could they blush."(Jer. proper balance. Reason plays a

22 percent of the Catholics, 30 per- 6:15.) leading role in man's search for

cent of the Protestants, and 60 Latterday Saint students can truth. The world around us is repercent of the Jews admitted that keep God in their hearts while on sponsive to our thinking. The unithey were less religious at graduathe college campus, but they will verse lends itself to study by the

tion than they had been previous have to approach their higher human mind. The Doctrine and

to their enrollment. It was also academic training with some resoCovenants tells us that "the glory

found that students generally lutions in mind if they are to grow of God is intelligence...."(D&C

tended to have little absolute conreligiously during this period. Here 93:36.)

viction in their religion. They are a few suggestions: There will always be a place in

tended to decrease in their belief in 1. Decide now to attend either a religion for reason and an intelGod, and there was a "ghostly church school or a college that has lectual approach to religious subquality"about their religion upon an institute of religion. Resolve to jects. But the student should

graduation. take a religion class. You will find realize that utilizing the intellectual

On the other hand, evidence that teachers at institutes of religion approach alone will never bring seems to support the contention or at our church schools of higher abiding religious faith. The intelthat today's students are concerned education are ready to help you lect of man needs to be enforced

about such things as morality, sosolve any problems relative to reby the Holy Ghost. The student

cial problems, and religious faith. ligion that might arise during the needs to have a spiritual experiThey desire to know, but the anyears you spend on campus. These ence with his Heavenly Father. The

swers they receive fail to satisfy. men are highly educated and have intelligent, rational student who

Students are graduated four years had significant experience with supports his religion with spiritual wiser in math or physics, but they college students. Evidence could communication seldom has serious

have not made significant religious be cited to show that a much religious problems, while the stuprogress during their stay on the higher percentage of institute student who utilizes his intellect alone college campus. dents and students who attend our without the supporting influence of

Recent reports relative to college church schools remain true to the faith is bound to have serious conmorals concern parents and youth Church and, in fact, graduate with flicts arise in his religious life.

alike. General Authorities of the a stronger testimony than do church (Continued on page 441)

MAY 1966 413

BY IRENE HUOT

Bill pulled me against him.

"What's dull about keeping my wife happy?"he

demanded. Bill's lips were against my hair. "I'll keep

you just as happy as we are now, honey. You'll never

have to worry about anything. You'll see."He said it

solemnly, like a promise.

It began, I think, with the little table in the window of Mason's furniture store. "Maybe if Bill and I put

aside a little each week we can get a table like that

Inlaw trouble I could have understood. I by spring,"I told Mother. Several weeks later, I found the table installed in

guess most young couples experience a our living room and Bill grinning like a mischievous

Certain amount of inlaw trouble during the little"Bill,boy.it's beautiful,"I exclaimed, running my fingers

process of becoming adjusted to the tempo along the fluted table edge. "But how did you pay

and customs of each other's families. for it?"

"No lunches. Your mother said how much you liked

But this was mothertrouble—trouble between my this table, and I wanted you to have it without worryown mother and me. We had always got along beauing about pinching pennies."

tifully before my marriage. The unexpectedness of it "Bill, not your lunch money,"I cried. "I'd rather

jarred me so much for a while that I could not seem have a healthy husband than any old table in to get my bearings. the world."

I suppose it all dates back to the time my brother "Go ahead, scold me. You sound just like

Ed was killed in a needless, heartbreaking accident a wife,"while stationed overseas. Mother and Dad just went Bill grinned. What can you do with a man like that?

through the motions of living for a long time after When my birthday came along,

Ed's death. my girl friend Ruth laughed, out of her

Then I met Bill Waterman, and they seemed to threeyears married experience, come alive again under Bill's jokes and teasing. He "Bill will probably buy you something

was like a second son in the house. you'll never use. They all do. You wait and see."

Bill was very fond of my parents, too. His, own But Bill's gift was a lovely rosebeige

parents had died when he was just a child, and during cashmere sweater.MM all of his formative years Bill was farmed out from "Bill, it's just what I always wanted,"

N- one relative to another, never staying in one house I cried, getting a stranglehold around 'long enough to call it home or to acquire any kind of his neck. "How did you guess?"

"family"feeling..Later he wandered restlessly around Bill kissed the lobe of my ear.

the country, never quite finding the roots he was "I didn't exactly buy it myself,"searching for. So a family that really accepted him he confessed. "I told your

and a home of his own appealed to Bill even more mother I wanted to have than to the average man. The four of us—Mother and exactly what you wanted

Dad, Bill and I—seemed like an ideal, happy family for your birthday, and

K\\ circle once again with not a cloud in our sky. she bought

So Bill and I were married, with a big, splashy ( Continued wedding'reception that was my parents'idea. For on page 436)

some time they had been inclined to spoil me—compensation, I suppose, for losing their only son; and I

went along with it for that reason. So I let them talk

me into a big wedding, because it was probably the last chance Mother and Dad would have to baby moor so I thought then. It did not cross my mind at the

time that Bill and Mother would form a happy little conspiracy to continue the babying. Little things Bill

said should have warned me.

Once he said reflectively, "Every once in a while it comes over me how much I missed never having a home."I said, "This dayafter-day routine doesn't seem dull to you?"

MAY (963 Virginia McKenna, star of Born Free, with one of the lions featured in the movie.

Best of Movies BY HOWARD PEARSON ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR, DESERET NEWS

With this issue The Improveand Bill Travers, playing the husband kidnapping of a middleaged old maid teller crooks. in film, Enter obtain three wife the lion bank and by bumbling Era launches dement a column

cat; attaches victim the to Elsa, kidnap ourselves a attached a watch "We to aid Saintssigned Latterday collar; cat's to the cat says. smallest,"in cubs.the the then becomes Miss And McKenna

selecting motion pictures that are then begins the enchanting story with its the center of hilarious attempts to solve considered worthwhile within the many highlights. the case by an FBI agent who is allergic

framework of gospel standards. These include the concern Miss Mcto felines. Hayley Mills and Dean Jones

Although most of the pictures decideKenna showsto sendoverall theof themcubs; tothea dayzoo, theybut costar. The Flight of the Phoenix revolves

selected for listing and review will Travers holds Elsa back; the growth of around the idea of man's indomitable

be those with qualities the whole Elsa into a fullgrown lion, but attached will and resourcefulness. The story conof survivors to masters; the scenes the showcerns her in which manner human enjoy,family a might few producall to of Africa; in of ing are able crash desert types the wild animals plane ations will cited though even be is crisis, their trap. of fashion Travers escape from James when a moment

they appeal to older groups, bestricken with malaria and his wife nurses Stewart, Hardy Kruger, and others star cause the Era is not unmindful of him back to health, and the scene in in the film, which will have something the fact that not all films can which they decide to send Elsa to the except for the very young.

appeal to all agegroups. jungleafter herlifebirth,she hasn'twhen knownshe wassincetakenshortlyinto duction Hanselof andthe Gretelold fairyis a taleEuropeanabout prothe

Where a picture is outstanding the game preserve headquarters. woodcutter's two children and how they

in most respects but violates gospel The color film tells the story with become lost in the woods. Despite some

standards in some, these derelicsimplicity and honesty. It is fascinating amateurish dubbing, the film has strong

tions will be noted. Where possible, toandwatchhumans;the relationshipit is incrediblebetweento realizeanimalsthe featuresappeal toandthe ayoung.couple of songs that will

a "picture of the month"will be care and courage involved in training The Magic World of Topo Gigio is chosen and reviewed. Short menboth animals and humans for the picture. combination livecartoon film about the

tion will be made of other films Finally, it's a joy to see such a producItalian puppet mouse of TV fame. He

for the guidance of Latterday tionentirethatfamily.can be recommended for the stowawayand his mousewormgirl fromfriend,an Rosie,apple andtakea

Saint moviegoers. Other films currently in release thai off for the moon but wind up in an

Born Free, Columbia Pictures producoffer enjoyment for Latterday Saint amusement park, where they perform

It's in whimsical carnival. follow: and fun. a starstion, Virginia McKenna and Bill families

on the is based Slender Thread The of Wonderland in Paris is a Alice Travers, minutes. 95

Born Free is the exceptional type of featurelength cartoon that tells five chiltrue story of an organization in Seattle taking people of Alice's from attempts to keep that dren's stories new experiences, It that has actually no villain.movie

centers around through a Action their Alice going beginning with own lives. in Africacenters warden around a game

discourages Poitier) rather Paris (Sidney than the student who mousehole into lioness raise his a young wifeand who story. caller taking familiar of the her own from a telephone it is Wonderland find then when and a cubfrom

fictionalthe Bulge Battle is a of The free in the set it they cannotfull grown battle of crucial of a account World life, Theas sheUglyhasDachshundannouncedis shea Waltwill Disdo. it the ized learned has never becausejungle

puppy it beabout a Great Dane violence has II. ney story Although War jungle. the ofways

dogs it also its three dachshunds. The raised with subject, nature of of the cause the bestselling true story by on Based

are scene stealers. There picture of the characteristics humor as in has human follows this film a line in Adamson,Joy

scenes. drinking outstanding are some as tragedy, and some well It book. original the withkeeping

Honey Tree the Pooh and the Winnie large cast, including Robert by the and acting ofcatches a spirit human warmth of interpretation cartoon Disney's Savalas. is Walt Telly Shaw and so well that animals towardcompassion

moviegoers should find themselves enThat Darn Cat is a Walt Disney prothe A. A. Milne children's classic with

tranced. duction that pokes fun at many human Christopher Robin, Rabbit, the Owl, and

At the beginning, Virginia McKenna foibles. The story centers around the others.

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

SUCCESS STORYAT

(A Progress Report on Salt Lake's "Planned Community"Suburb)

The developers of the choice Silver Creek properties present for your approval their report ofprogress as of May 1966.

Silver Creek's record speaks for itself... a confirmation

that Silver Creek was and is a completely planned project... researched, studied and professionally developed.

Select your 2Vsacre 1 All 200 of the 10acre estate tracts sold out!

Silver Creek lot NO W 221 2'2-acre residential lots now on sale..

at this low price level: with 78 already sold.

72 200,000gallonPlentiful water storagesupply, tank.with huge, 5-story,

per month $38 4,000 ft. of complete water pipeline already installed.

00 680footHomes beingwell alreadybuilt... drilled3 residencesand flowing.under

down construction, 1 already being lived in... numerous $295

others in blueprint stages.

full purchase price just 11 miles of allweather roads completed in $2,950 the residential area.

with up to eight years > Working plans for Silver Creek Interchange off to pay. 20% cash discount. Interstate 80 already completed by State.

Of 118 commercial lots now on sale, 25 already sold.

Silver Creek Ranch Corporation

P. 0. Box 1537, Salt Lake City, Utah Sale of 1.6 acres to Phillips Oil Co. for Interstate

Please send complete information to: Service Station development.

Option of 4 Silver Creek acres by a national company

Name for site of ultramodern motel and restaurant.

Address Drive up Parley's Canyon (U. S. 40/1-80) to

Silver Creek Estates Offices at Silver Creek City State Junction (just 20 min. from SLC). Salesmen on

Zip Phone property 7 days a week. Or phone: 3636100.

MAY 5966 417 Encyclopaedia Britannica

"Utility ought to be the principal intention of every publication. Whereversays: this intention does not plainly appear, neither the books nor their authors

have the smallest claim to the approbation of mankind."

from preface, 1st Edition, 176871.

world a human soul reached out for knowledge, for a chance to improve himself, for a way

Seven generations have been served by the Encyclopaedia Britannica. /j to broaden his horizons,

21 vols, Edition had 7th and 506 plates, we felt honor bound to this on "Aerostation."including one

serve his needs. It hapAs three little words go, "Encyclopaedia pens today for the same reasons. But it isn't as easy as it used

Britannica says..."may never take the to be. The explosive pace at which knowledge is accumulatplace of "I love you."But they, too, have ing today puts a tremendous responsibility upon the shoulbeen quoted just about everywhere from ders of our contributors and editors to

family picnics and international conferensure the Britannica's absolute auences to cybernetics semithority and completeness. To build the

nars and long walks in the current edition, for example, revisions 1st Edition, pubpark. They have won bets, needed to be made on more than a lished in Scotland

by a "society settled arguments, imthird of the Britannica's 28,161 pages.

of gentlemen."pressed the boss, helped Over seven million words were revised.

with homework, hobbies, More than three term papers, and Ph.D. thousand illustra9th Edition, 187589,

dissertations. How has all tions were added, widely known as the

this renown come about? 3rd Edition, including some pro- "Scholars'Edition."

It began in the early days, completed in vided by Ranger 7. And

1797, was as the Britannica set out to dedicated "To 835 new contributors

The King."enlisted, fulfill the of its bringing mandate III) were (George 1783. Edition,2nd original total of preface, cited in signed the grand

10 vols., 8,595 pp.

part above. It happened 11th Edition, 191011, articles (or sections of

because the Britannica bore the imprimatur of articles) up to 29,032.

was written to encomCambridge University. (In the last five years

pass the full range of all alone, the Encyclopaedia Britannica has reman's knowledge bevised more material than any other English tween the covers of one language "encyclopedia"contains in the useful, readily available first place.) All to make sure that next ctmaJnedritins

3,500 of,,., set of books. "Encyclopaedia time you It happenedrr 5th Edition, 181017,, and took 1 contributors,,,.,.say:

plates. 582 16,017 pp., in the 20 vols.,, because wherever says..., complete. t0 you 11 be right.!.As usual.Britannica 3 years

/ \}W{f N Encyclopaedia Britannica, Inc., 425 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, Illinois

WJ17T68

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA rvArl NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY of Book of Mormon antiquities will thropologists to this day, even

Continuing the exploration of the remain as barren as it has been in though their colleagues in Europe fascinating discoveries that have the past. Let us explain what we and South America may chuckle andcome to light since the publication

mean by "problems instead of shake their heads at such naive and of the Book of Mormon 136 years solutions."singleminded devotion to a oneago in the upstate New York village In 1835 Josiah Priest wrote in his shot explanation of everything. We

of Palmyra. American Antiquities: "The manner may find it odd that back in 1835,

by which the original inhabitants with no evidence to go by but a

Problems, Not Solutions. What and animals reached here, is easily glance at the map, anyone could

we have come up with in this long explained, by adopting the supposihave settled for such finality—the

and rambling presentation is a tion, which, doubtless, is the most problem was real and wonderful, miscellaneous jumble of problemscorrect, that the northwestern and the conclusion premature and all of them unsolved. There have western limits of America were, at absurd. But has the situation

been hints, suggestions, and conjecsome former period, united to Asia changed? Few people realize that

tures but absolutely nothing solved on the west, and to Europe on the more time and money have been and nothing proven unless it is the east."117 Therewith, for Priest, the spent trying to confirm this partentative proposition that the Book question was settled: instead of ticular theory than any other in the

of Mormon is still open to serious being a fruitful and exciting probfield of anthropology, with dismally discussion. Until we come to realize lem, the theory of settlement by the meager results. It is still a problem

that the most we can expect from Alaskan land bridge was the final and very much alive, but the soluany investigation is not solutions solution. And as such it has been tion rests exactly where it did in

but only more problems, the study accepted by North American anJosiah Priest's day: on a commonMAY 19S6 419

sense interpretation of the map. simple but epochmaking discovProcrustean fashion made it fit the

Or take another example. Late in eries started geological science on sections they found even in places

the eighteenth century a Scottish the way...."118 Here an important where the actual evidence literally

farmer walking along a beach problem was met by a splendid proclaimed denial. So flexible and

noticed some ripple marks on a slab theory, but to treat the mere recogaccommodating are the 'facts'of of rock high above the present level nition of the problem and the most geology."119 The trouble was that

of the water. Here was a problem imaginative and adventurous specuthe experts mistook a problem for

indeed, but it did not remain a lations to explain it as "discoveries,"its solution and thereby failed to problem for long. The farmer, so nay, as a final solution, was premarecognize the real difficulties inProf. Hotchkiss tells us, "could look ture, to say the least. volved. "In geology,"wrote Hotchback into the past and imagine a "I wonder how many of us kiss, "most of the important facts

numberless succession of... cycles. realize,"writes a presentday are easily understood. All that

... There must have come to him geologist, "that the [geological] needs to be done in order to give a

at that time the vision of the vast time scale was frozen in essentially very satisfactory knowledge of sweep of the ages which go to its present form by 1840...? The things geological is to call them to

make up the story of the billion followers of the founding fathers our attention."120 But how does one

years of the earth's history. His went forth across the earth and in call Hutton's billion years to our

attention? We cannot in any way

experience a billion years; the best

we can do is to try and imagine, as

THE did. imagine But what we SPOKEN

of WORD i PATIENCE AND PUNISHMENT isHuttonthe construction our own minds; it is not a fact at all, but an

RICHARD L. EVANS interpretation, pure and simple.

A third case, the most impressive in feelings at times. different reactions our and change muchWe Some of all, is Newton's theory of gravithe will days, orhours, physical even serious mental some make mood

problems seem somehow solvable, w7hile some days, some nights, may tation. "There never was a more

make even lesser problems seem more serious. There is much in the successful theory,"Karl Popper

mind, much in the spirit, much in the intangible, indefinable mood of the assures us, noting that even the moment. Sometimes irritations irritate more, yet at times we seem to great Poincare believed "that it

have an easy antidote to irritation. We sometimes keep our tempers and would remain the invariable basishold our tongues and sometimes let them loose in what would seem to

be somewhat the same situation. Something said at one time will pass of physics to the end of man's

with good humor which at another time will cause offense. The search for truth."But in our own

same comment which at one time will bring laughter will at another time "Einstein's theory of gravity time turn to tears. Such are the variabilities. And it isn't only words... reduced Newton's theory to...

that make the difference. It is who says them, and how, and when, a hypothesis competing with

and what we feel. And in sorrow problems are likely to seem even

larger than they are, and people are likely to lose perspective—all of which others."Instead of the absolute

points up the importance of patience, of understanding, of selfcontrol, of truth, it again became a problem sensitivity to the feelings of others, sensitivity to situations. One facet of open to discussion. This, according

this subject suggests that we shouldn't punish others for what really is to Popper, "destroyed its authority.

within us. When a child does some harmless but irritating act, if we And with it, it destroyed something

tired are orourselves cutting give to hard and tense, way we may words much more important—the authorifor. far called time,or retaliation beyond would the mood, what The be

may dictate what is done, quite apart from any Tightness or wrongness tarianism of science."121

of what it was that triggered our temperament or temper. And so chilAll "proofs"and "disproofs"of the

dren sometimes suffer for our impatience, for our complaints. This all Book of Mormon present problems

suggests restraint, control, temperate consideration in all circumstances, instead of solutions. Thus when carall them. of us patience—for with problems meeting haveand And bonized stumps of trees were found

striking in anger, else it at a child whatever be of imma- a mark is, must turity. "No man is free,"said Epictetus, "who is not master of himin the Middle West, some early

self."1 And no man is mature, he might have added, who punishes others Latterday Saints declared that

for his own impatience. And as to children: We should blame them their presence deep in the earth

less for what we feel; hold them more accountable for their own errors proved the Book of Mormon. It

and less accountable for ours. did nothing of the sort; at most it

epictetus (50 A.D.—?), Stoic philosopher. presented an interesting problem

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia that might or might not have any

Broadcasting System March 13, 1966. Copyright 1966. (Continued on page 422)

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Smile, Mrs. Sebastodes

...you're on live TV

Sebastodes, or Rockfish, is one of many colorful species of the ocean deeps where our underwater TV cameras and lights probe the nightblack water at 600 feet.

These cameras are not for study of marine life, however. They're down there to

help technicians aboard our anchored oildrilling ships guide complicated, remotecontrolled drilling equipment. TV receivers on deck enable engineers to observe

these drilling operations at depths hazardous for human divers to penetrate.

600 feet—100 fathoms. It's almost twice as deep as any ocean oil drilling ever

attempted, until some very special techniques developed by Standard Oil scientists and engineers made it possible.

Our continuing search for new sources of oil takes us to mountains, deserts, and ever and ever deeper waters. For we must be certain that adequate supplies of oil

are on hand to serve the Free World's growing energy needs, now and in the future...an important part of our responsibility to you.

The ChevronSign of STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1966 421 excellenceB bearing on the Book of Mormon. Popper tells us, "concerning the espressive outpouring of articles

For the past twenty years we sence of natural science... is a showing that the inductive method

have repeated in the pages of The dogma to which scientists as well of Bacon does not really apply in

Improvement Era and elsewhere as philosophers have tenaciously science, that Popper is right when that nothing is to be gained by tryadhered down to our own day."he says that "the idea that we can

ing to prove or disprove the Book It is the view, already expressed at will... purge our mind from

of Mormon, but that a great deal by Hotchkiss above, that "all that prejudices... is naive and miscan be gained by reading it and was needed was to approach the taken,"and indeed downright perdiscussing its various aspects. This goddess Nature with a pure mind, nicious, since "after having made

point of view, which has not been free of prejudice, and she would an attempt or two, you think you a popular one, is best explained in readily yield her secrets."Today in are now free from prejudices—

the writings of the greatest living the scientific journals—the more which means, of course, that you

philosopher of science, Karl Poppopular of which we duly peruse will stick only more tenaciously to per. "Bacon's naive point of view,"every six months—there is an imyour unconscious prejudices and

dogmas."122

The old authoritarianism of science is now being supplanted by a approach, sums which Popper IN TOUCH WITH YOUTH new three words: "Problemsup in

theories—criticism."Things start

RICHARD I. EVANS moving with a problem, some diffi-

"... a clue to much of the heartbreak of our age,"said Dr. Franz E. culty, something that has to be exWinkler, is "the parent who complains he cannot reach'his children; plained. To account for the thing, a

the teacher who cannot hold the attention of his pupils or inspire in theory is proposed; it does not have

them a wholesome enthusiasm for their future tasks in life.... The to be a foolproof theory, since it

teacher who cannot hold the attention of his pupils, the parent who exists only to be attacked, for fails to understand his children, has never learned to reach out to his charges with his whole and undivided mind, in short, to be 'all there.'"1 "there is only one way to learn to

...To this Mark Van Doren added: "There is one thing we can do, and understands serious problem

the happiest people are those who do it to the limit of their ability. and this is to try to solve it, and to

We can be completely present."2 In a writing on the rift between fail."As soon as one comes up with

generations, a professor had some searching things"to say: "There has a theory, then, one must try to deattention patient a time needed andhardly more been when students

. "that so continued, to.listening is,"he. than... today. many vise some test to refute it, "for to The pity

of us retreat into"other activities (and he named some of them specifitest a theory, or a piece of macally). "... In so doing we deepen the rift between the generations...."3 chinery, means to try to fail it."123

Unfortunate as this may be, yet more unfortunate would be a rift By that standard, the landbridge between young people and their parents, young people and their families. theory and Hutton's vast sweep of

A parent has two jobs—two at least among many, many more. One is to time have never been in danger of

provide physical needs and facilities for a family; but beyond this, to

keep close, in oneness, in love, in spirit, to be present and available any real testing: they have been

for counsel and confidence, and to provide an example of honor for accepted from the beginning as the family. The one sure base on which life is founded is the home, the final solutions. The one way to

family. There is not and never can be any adequate substitute for solid, progress in knowledge of things is

happy homes, for confidence, consideration, for love and understanding "to use in science imagination and to eachrelationships parents and children. between They owe so much bold ideas, though always temrelationships institutions of otherother. Schools and all manner and social

may make their contribution. But we need to narrow the gap between us pered by severe criticism and

and our children. In the words of Jane Addams: "The mature of each severe tests."How can we be asgeneration run a grave risk of putting their efforts in a futile direction

... unless they can keep in touch with the youth of their own day

and know at least the trend in which [their] eager dreams are driving NOTE WITH A LITTLE RUG them."4 There is nothing more important for which to live our lives BY ELAINE V. EMANS

than the teaching of our children and helping them to set a safe course Not only ivithin the perimeter in conduct, with sure standards on which to fix their feet. Of this rug may your tread

Be cushioned as you come and go;Tranz E. Winkler, M.D., "Beware of Background Music,"This Week Magazine, September

17, 1961. But every step ahead

All There,"Doren,-Mark Van "On Being This Week Magazine, December 7, 1952. Be taken in paths of pleasantness'Professor "Bift Generations."Glen Gray, Between J.

4Jane Addams, "The Spirit of Youth and the City Streets."(And down a stone path never)—

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia For even two most happily wed

Broadcasting System February 27, 1966. Copyright 1966. Cant walk on air forever.

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HIS

HERS

Free Paint Offer FROM YOUR Paint Dealer.;...:.;,;:; BENNETT'S:.:..:-.::..

YOU BUY

the wall paint

we give HER the semigloss woodwork enamel FREE!

Sir! Buy a gallon of this fine latex wall paint (fast

drying, easy cleanup with water, flat washable finish) and we'll GIVE your wife (or you) a quart of

Free our durable, scrubbable semigloss enamel FREE!

Decorating Offer limited to 480 pastel colors; ends May 31, 1966.

Guide BENNETT'S "Home Decorating News"—12 pages filled

with interior and exterior paint swatches for inside and outside use, color schemes, decorating hints, "howto-paintit"ideas! Cdovzm'Rcdtits

1966 Colorizer Associates SEE YOUR NEAREST BENNETT'S PAINT STORE OR DEALER

FOR HIS NAME, SEE THE YELLOW PAGES

MAY I96S 423

sured of the necessary controls? By

taking sides: therein resides the

objectivity of science, and not in

Fetzer's passes the savings on this carthe minds of individual researchers.

load purchase to "It would be a mistake,"writes you. ABC folding Popper, "to think that scientists are Tables Banquet

able fact something like but sleek and in "there is even o $20 95 stylish. TABLES... rigid and durmore 'objective'than other people"; for justification methodological a

Stop by or call, Claude Williamson, 4846103 individual scientists to be dogmatic it is of [I], since... biased & COMPANY and FIXTURE CABINET LAKE SALT the theories that great importance Salt Lake City, Utah South West Temple, 1436

criticized should be tenaciously defended."124

No matter how severe and unsparing the criticism, no bones are broken, since one's object in proto Use this handy posingissue oncea theoryand foris notall tobutsettleonlythe lead to more knowledge. "Obser-

. Escoupon to vationestablish andanythingexperimentfinally.. cannot.

sentially, they help us to eliminate

support, though only for the RENEW YOUR the"lendweaker theories,"and thus time being, to the surviving

estabSUBSCRIPTION criticaltheory."discussionHence, "thedoes methodnot of

lish anything. Its verdict is always

To be Continued ) OR ORDER THE and invariably( not proven.'"125

FOOTNOTES mA. R. C. Leaney, Guide to the

Scrolls,m J. T.pp.Milik,85, 95.Ten Years of Discovery,

p. 97. =m? U3R. F. Bruce, Second Thoughts, pp.

136f.

U4K. G. Kuhn, in Zeitschrift fur Kirche

und Theologie, 47 (1950), p. 210.

147. op. cit., p. FOR A FRIEND "Bruce,

Lost Years of Jesus The ueC. F. Potter,

(Hyde Park: University Books, 1963),

p. mJosiah148. Priest, American Antiquities

(Albany, N.Y., 1835), pp. 6162.

CLIP AND MAIL 118In S. Rapport & H. Wright (eds.),

York: the Earth1"Crust The of (New

17. Signet Books, p. 1955),

The Improvement Era, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 the Bulletin in of U9E. M. Spieker,

Plprup pntpr n yonr iinsrriptinn to Thp Improvpment Fm for Americangists, 40 Association(Aug. 1956),of Petroleump. 1803;Geolocit.

Nome N.can D.PhilosophicalNewell, in ProceedingsSociety, 103of ( Ameri1959 )

Arlrlrpss p. 265.

"Hotchkiss, op. cit., p. 11.

City State Zip mK. R. Popper, "Science: Problems,

Aims, Responsibilities,"in Federation (Check one) Give credit for this subscription to ProceedingsExperimentalofBiology,the American22 (1963),Societiesp. 964.for

This is a renewal WcuH or Rrnnrh i Ibtd., pp. 961f.

123Ibid., pp. 968, 964.

This is a aift IH Stoic* nr Mission 12iIbid., p. 965. He quotes Darwin:

"How odd it is that anyone should not all that see observation be for or must

If gift, also give name and address of donor. 967. view...,"p. some againstwlhid., 970. p. $8.75 Name 1-m $3.00year gZ years$5.75 t> years

Add $2.50 for each additional year,

Address

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V'HtGiL 1 < >X PIAYSTHE BALDWIN ORGAN

I

K

VIRGIL FOX

RECORDED CONCERT Here's my $2. Type of record I want is (please check)

Stereo [J Q Monaural Name I Address.

City..State..Zip Code,

My Church My Official Capacity.

Here's your ticket to an exciting

Virgil Fox concert on the Baldwin Model 11.

Virgil Fox's ability to get the most from any pipe organ, large or small, is undisputed. That's why we asked him PROGRAM

to perform his most exacting pipe organ repertoire on Haendel: Allegro from Concerto No. 4 in F

the Baldwin Model 11. First, listen to his recorded Bach: Adagio from Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C

concert by yourself. Then, when you're convinced of Fugue a la Gigue in G

the superb quality of the Baldwin Model 11, play the Schumann: Canon in B Minor, Op. 56 No. 5

record for the members of your organ committee; let Sketch in F Minor, Op. 58 No. 3

them hear for themselves why the Model 11 is so outBoellmann: Gothique Suite, Op. 25

standing. And you might remind them that the Baldwin 1.) Introduction—Choral 3.) Priere a Notre Dame

Model 11 15 an electronic organ. 2.) Menuet Gothique 4.) Toccata

Reserve your seat at the "concert"by mailing the Dupre: Prelude and Fugue in G Minor

coupon with $2.

Baldwin

MAY 1966 425:.:"-': -- ''':";:::;. ':.-:..-:. i--'ass

The business of raising boys is one of the great responsibilities of a father. His boys are his great

concern.

He understands their need to have good home training, to maintain good physical and mental health, to grow up having faith in the Lord Jesus Christ, to pray to the Father for constant guidance and protection. All of these are the responsibility of a father.

But fathers, there is still another responsibility. The

boy must learn to be a social being. He must associate, first with boys, and later, as he grows older,

with men. He must learn to hold his honor and his

integrity in the face of influences that erode these virtues. He must learn to be kind and generous to

the weak and the dull, the helpless and the innocent.

He must learn to be firm in the face of evil, to hold firmly to right and truth. A boy's father is his best

support in learning this desired conduct.

Boys are given the Aaronic Priesthood at age twelve, and from then until they are twenty they possess the greatest influence that the Church can offer to help The them grow into manhood. Activity in the programs

of the Church will help them to become religious men in a social world. Business

Further practice in the virtues of the priesthood is provided by activity in a Boy Scout troop. Together of these two—the priesthood and the Boy Scouts—form

an effective school for ethical training. The fathers

place is to give support to the leaders of the priestRaising hood quorum and to the Mutual Improvement Association. The boy will not need nor want to be overshadowed by his father. He will need to get along Boys with other boys, in the presence of those boys, and

to feel that he is "on his own"in doing it.

But there will be times when father should be much in evidence. He needs to be there to go with his son

to meetings on Sundays. He needs to be available and

to< show interest in his son's activities each week as the boy returns from MIA. He needs to be there to

provide guidance and encouragement on proper observance of the Sabbath after Sunday School.

Because of the nature of boys, they need to celebrate anniversaries of important events. Such an

occasion is the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood, which is observed in May. When the bishop calls

members of the Aaronic Priesthood together on this day of celebration, the father of a boy should be present.

We observe Father's Day in June. Here's an opportunity for a father to celebrate a day that could well

be father's and son's day.

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MAY 1966 * mmmi Tin* Ihiisidinfj Itisintprfcs l*afjn

Joseph A. Kjar, bishop

of the Centerville (Utah) Fourth Ward, is vice president and general manager of KSL Radio.

He has served as a missionary and as a commissioned officer in the U. S. Navy.

AND WE THOUGHT THEY COULDN'T AFFORD TITHING

About two years ago a young couple who admirable manner.

were having financial and marital difficulties They kept up their tithing and, as best moved into our ward. they could, their other contributions. They

Within a short period their financial situation held off the grocer, the doctor, and other became so desperate that they wondered pressing obligations. An understanding

whether they should continue with their landlord gave them a temporary stay on tithing. Then the young man lost his job their rent payments.

with a defense establishment. Things appeared* Things did not immediately improve. Then

very gloomy. In addition, shortly after being one day, a few months later, the young man

discharged from his job, he contracted a heard from his former employer. He soon

severe illness. returned to his old job at a better salary than

As we met with them, it was difficult not to he had been receiving when he left.

try to excuse them from the payment of His health has improved, and he and his tithes; but after praying with them, it seemed wife are enjoying a state of happiness that

more than apparent that needing the blessings they had not known for several years'. With

of the Lord as urgently as they did, now was tears in their eyes, they confirmed to us that the time for them to demonstrate their true living of the gospel brings the greatest ultimate faith. This they did in an and only lasting source of happiness.

**... ivluau i/u ####* in thv, survive o/ #/ow tulhnv bailiffs...

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishop J. Dean Sonne

of Short Hills Ward, New Jersey Stake, was born in Logan. He has served

as Sunday School superintendent, a high councilor, and a bishop in both southern California and New Jersey.

A FUNERAL SERMON THAT I WILL

NEVER FORGET

Soon after I was ordained a bishop, a wellknown I sensed a strong feeling that "all will go well."

and faithful high priest passed away. A calmness came over me, and my fear and

I helped the family make funeral arrangements apprehension left me. When I rose to speak,

and knelt with them in prayer, asking our it was as if someone were standing beside me,

Father in heaven for his comforting spirit telling me what to do and say. After the service

to be with them. when people indicated some of the things

The family asked me to speak at the service. I had said, I knew beyond doubt that such

This was to be my first experience speaking words were not mine. My prayer had been

at a funeral. I knew there would be a large answered, and I had learned at first hand a

attendance, and I was extremely apprehensive lesson I had heard all my life—that the Lord

about my part in the services. will help if you seek in faith.

I pondered, studied the scriptures, and I am presently serving a second call as a bishop earnestly prayed for help. I felt that I required of another wonderful ward. I am sure that

the Lord's help more than I ever had in my life if all those who are called to positions of trust before. I also knew that I had been ordained and leadership in the Church will try to do all

and set apart as a bishop and had been they can to be successful and will continually promised the help of the Lord in my calling call on the Lord for his help, they will have if I would ask in faith. This I tried to do. no problem that cannot be solved in a manner

Shortly before the hour for the services to begin, pleasing to our Father in heaven.

f 7 / f K / 7 J

I/** ff#Y oiffr/ hi tlm suvvUm ni your 1*imI -MOSIAH 2:17

MAY I96S 429 The

TODAYS FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK

EDITOR

MMHHHHr

..,::;-:::::

8 I"

.....

".::."

The heart of a mother is hard to measure. Science lightens its'burdens and makes bright its future. It

claims that her normal heart is just the size of her really isn't on Atlas'shoulders that this heavy globe clenched fist, but we know better. We have seen rests, but on a mother's heart. Her heart's strengththis heart cover a home of two or twelve children, a giving qualities lift, create, and multiply mankind. A

husband, and all the neighbors. We have seen it mother's heart inspired a president to say, "All that I

extend and grow, with miles as no barrier, to encircle am or ever hope to be I owe to my angel mother."

a child as its need reached her knowledge. This heart of hers is never pompous; its depth is in

Poetry and music and prose sing of her heart. In its lightheartedness. A mother's heart laughs at times

one song her heart claimed, "I didn't raise my boy to so life will not be so real, so earnest. Its sincerity

be a soldier."A woman's heart has had more logic gives security to a tiny child and to one not so small.

than many men's minds. She cannot understand why A girl should never forget that she has a potential

men must be sacrificed on a battlefield to settle difmother-heart. She must prepare her heart for the time

ferences of opinion. An old legend tells of one she has a home and a husband and children. In her

queen's heartwisdom settling a war between two teens she learns to be land and understanding, to be countries. This queen did not send her boys to be light and loving. And even when she becomes a

killed; she used wild boars. The country whose boars mother, she must never neglect to nourish and cherish

were triumphant won the war. A mother's heart claims the powers a real mother's heart can have.

that violence and killing have never decisively brought Our memory brings us to the conclusion that it is peace. If you are one to say that a woman's heart the heart in the act that we remember. One wise

does not make logic, at least you must admit it makes man said, "As you visit with people, leave your heart good sense. with them—not just your words."Heart is shown by

A mother's heart gives lift to this old world. It what you do, words by what you say.

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA te&XvX -::

wii&i-m

What do you remember about your mother? Most A DINNER TO CARRY HOME

assuredly it had to do with heart. Perhaps it was the TO MOTHER

time she did without something she wanted, and close ones You lucky who live prepare could to mother a maybe even needed, to make it possible for you to enough have a new dress or for John to have that longedfor "carry dinner."A menu could be

catcher's mitt. Perhaps you remember when she put decided upon, with each grown

her arms around you and just squeezed, and you child bringing his share of the gulped down your tears. You knew she understood. food, so that mother could be surher loved ones with no rounded by You remember the night you were attracted to a set the to her do than more for

light in the living room: there at midnight she was dinner table.

stitching away on a dress that seemed important to you to wear the next day. Or you remember the time

she picked up the job you were supposed to do and 'Carry Dinner"for Twelve People said, "Go with the crowd. I'll finish."Zesty Broth

A day has been set apart to honor a mother's heart. Joyce's Special Chicken Breasts

At this time our own hearts turn to that special Golden Vegetables person, our very own mother. A thousand miles or Fresh Pineapple and

endless time cannot rob us of our thoughts of her. Avocado Salad

What power could be generated, with all of us reCelery Dressing membering her on this day! The heart of a mother Hot Biscuit Squares

cannot be measured in inches or pounds; it can be Peppermint Ice Cream

measured by its influence in this world today. Maude's Brownies

MAY 1966 An easy division of responsibility Golden Vegetables for the dinner would be to have 2 cups cut carrots one person bring the broth and 2 packages frozen corn the vegetable dish, another pre- 2 cans cut wax beans pare the chicken breasts, a third 2 onions, sliced into thin rings bring the salad and biscuit "mak- 4 tablespoons sliced pimento ings/'and the fourth concentrate Salt and pepper to taste on the dessert. Butter

Zesty Broth Cut the carrots in diagonal slices and cook until just tender. Cook

4 cans condensed beef broth the corn as directed on package 4 cups water and drain. Cook the onion rings in

1 tablespoon prepared horseradish the butter for one minute. Heat

Vz teaspoon dried dill the yellow wax beans in their

Sour cream liquid and drain. Mix all vegetables

Dash of paprika together lightly. Serve hot.

Combine the soup, water, horseradish, and dill. Simmer a few Celery Dressing

minutes. Pour into cups and top Vz cup sugar

each serving with a teaspoon of % teaspoon salt sour cream and a dash of paprika. 1 teaspoon paprika

1 teaspoon celery salt Joyce's Chicken Breasts Vz teaspoon onion juice

Looking for a mealtime 16 chicken breasts 2 tablespoons vinegar 4 packages frozen broccoli 2 tablespoons lemon juice drink without stimulants? 2 8-ounce packages of cream 1 teaspoon prepared mustard

cheese Put all the ingredients in the blenEnjoy 1 quart milk der and add drop by drop 1 cup of 2 teaspoons garlic salt salad oil until oil is all used and the

Salt to taste dressing is thick. Fold in 1 teaspoon

2 cups grated Parmesan cheese celery seed. Store in the refrigSimmer the chicken breasts until erator.

just tender, remove the skin andPOSTUM bone. Reserve the chicken broth Hot Biscuit Squares

It's 100% caffeinfree. for other use. Cook the broccoli Make bakingpowder biscuit

according to directions on package. recipe for 24 biscuits, using preArrange the broccoli in the bottom pared biscuit mix. Divide in half

of a buttered casserole (using inand roll each out into a square or dividual casseroles makes this dish oblong Vi inch thick. Cut each

extra special). square in half and place one square

Put one package of the cream on each of two cookie sheets.

cheese and 2 cups of milk in the Spread with Vz cup jelly. Dot with

blender and mix well. Pour into a 1 tablespoon butter, and sprinkle

heavy pan and repeat with the with 1 tablespoon lemon rind. Top

other package of cream cheese and each with one of the remaining the other 2 cups of milk. Add the squares. Bake in a 450 degree F.

garlic salt, 1 cup of the Parmesan oven until golden brown for about cheese, and salt to taste. Cook over 12 minutes. Cut in squares to

medium heat, stirring constantly serve.

until bubbly. Pour half the sauce

What's in it then? Just toasted grains over the broccoli and sprinkle with PeppermintStick Ice Cream

of the remaining one half Parmesanand ingredients. other purefood gelatin 2 tablespoons cheese. the chicken with Top

What'sittaste like? Likenothingelse cup cold milk breasts (cut). remaining sauce Vz Put

on your grocer's shelf. Slowroasted over the chicken breasts and 3x/2 cups milk, scalded

to flavor perfection in brick ovens, sprinkle with the remaining Par- 2 cups crushed peppermint candy

Postum has a flavor all its mesan cheese. Vz teaspoon salt

own. Bake at 350 degrees F. for 25 1 quart whipping cream

Good at mealtime or minutes. Let it stand 10 minutes Soften the gelatin in cold milk,

anytime. Or when you before serving, and the sauce will dissolve in the hot milk. Add the

FOODS set up. candy and salt. Stir until candyhave friends in. Why not GENERALKITCHENS

find out foryourself soon?

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corp.

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This is the tire that can take a pounding at turnpike speeds Ml for hours on end. We know, because we torturetest it on a Texas AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

track at 120 mph, sustained speed. You can drudge it back and

forth, on good roads or bad, to work, to school, to the store - day after day. We know, because we built it with an inner strength

to withstand bruises and sharp impacts that would tear an $tSM m 5S8 S83SS * Mi VIUB MU'SS SiTsSM 1 CBSTSM&Sf tire tire apart. ordinary This is safest the ever have we made. H1H 32b 015 2 it's tire. Little line of of quality leader our super our wonder The f8ep f mmm SOOB TsiRUtires. But then, "You expect more from American and you get it!"* 2626 umwm m UW OELEANS LA

67 mm MM The American Oil Company, 1966

World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

Don't let its good looks fool you,

This tire is a workhorse,

,% tsr*(r #..

msmmmm m

Our Super Tire THE AMOCO 120

dissolves. Freeze firm in the refrigerator. Break up frozen mixture

into chunks and beat until smooth with an electric or rotary beater.

Whip the cream. Fold into the first

mixture. Return to refrigerator

trays until frozen firm.

Maudes Brownies

2 cups graham cracker crumbs 1 can sweetened condensed milk 1 cup chocolate chips (6-ounce package) 1 cup walnuts, coarsely chopped

Mix together and bake in a wellgreased 8x8x2 pan at 325 degrees

F. for 30 to 35 minutes. Cool in pan

and cut into squares. (The pan

should be generously greased with butter.

HOME, SWEET HOME

Families have varying climates.

Parents can change the mood of their whole brood. Children are

great imitators, and it is up to parents to present the right image.

Laughter is a tonic to be taken morning, noon, and night. Teach

your child to laugh with, never to laugh at, a person—unless that person is himself. A twinkle in a

parent's eye can temperaturecondition a home. A parent can say

"no"to a child with meaning, withJUST LION AROUND? outmanner.assumingDisciplinea serious,doesunpleasantnot need

Why not travel and get an educaIf 40U have?een the Oouth to Familybe carriedhomein eveningone's expression.is a happy

tion side? on the

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY of- |—'acific ana are 3 | | | | time;ging, ornofaultfindingfrowns, criticisms,should findnag-a

here. close of the. place At thefers an exciting tour for you this LION AROUND, nextyear. smiles to lesson, bring you can

as face every you pass these CHURCH HISTORY TOUR,ear vi.t SOUTH AMERdelicious cookies. candyLeaves July 23 for New York City, ICA, MEXICO, TEE

the Sacred Grove, the HILL CUMOBIBLE LANDS, Mrs. Wright's Candy CookiesRAH PAGEANT, Nauvoo, Carthage 1 cup peanut butter

Jail, and other historical places. EUROPE, or e o'ROUND 1 cup powdered sugar

nuts 1 31. ProfessorReturn July finely chopped cup TRUMAN

with u S. presiTEE WORLD recently finely 1 dates releasedMADSEN, chopped cup

dent of the New England Mission, 1 tablespoon butter and Professor LYNN McKINLAY of University Credit may be earned Mix all together and form into the Communications Department during your trip if you wish. You small balls (about 70). In doublewill direct the tour. do NOT have to be a student and boiler over hot, but not boiling

you need not have attended a uniwater, melt 8 ounces chocolate

SOUTH PACIFIC TOUR versity. bits, 2 squares bittersweet chocolate, and 1-inch square of paraffin.Vi.it TAHITI, NEW ZEAFor information write: Dip the balls into the mixture and

for drain a second; then set them

to harden. Allow paperLAND, PIJI, SAMOA, Department of Travel Study on waxAUSTRALIA, a HAWAII, Brigham University Young for the chocolate of hours couple

ana other lovelLj exotic.place?. Provo, Utah 84601 firm. in paper Serve to become

candy cups.—FBP

BE A Y'S TRAVELER WITH BYU TRAVEL STUDY TOURS 434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BIRTHDAYS ARE FUN!

Whether you're a little girl or a seventyfive year old sugar company, birthdays are memorable. Before we blow out the 75 candles on our Diamond Jubilee

Birthday Cake, we want to make these wishes for our many friends:

May you enjoy the fun of making sweet treats for loved ones... U and I Sugar will help with

as fine a sugar made, anywhere in the world!

May your days start bright and end pleasantly... from breakfast to evening dessert, U and I

Sugar promises to sweeten your day! 70/6*.

sunshine have abundant you May mil (III ftP TBH and rainfall Your crop of homegrown produce... and a bumper

U and I Sugar. home

freezers, preservers manufacice cream and sugartotwtH&t*t\Bakers, bottlers, candymakers, cannersT turers... to supply continue the U and I will

highest quality sugars that help make your products the best of their kind. SUGAR

flourdollar 45 million industry our sugar May NI GRANULATED of ish to millions contribute continue tax and dollars for better schools, highways and public NNIVtBSAKY services.

SWEETNESS IN YOUR LIFE!

MAY 1966 435 dignity, comfort and beauty—Mother Trouble a thing. You can just relax."

plus the privacy of (Continued from page 415) ourWhenyard,weBilldecidedcalledto Motherlandscapein it. You like it, don't you?""because she knows about gardenindividual seating

Of course I liked the sweater. ing, so you won't have to worry

But I felt a little letdown. I would about planting the wrong things."

With traditional dignity and beauty, have cherished even a dishrag if Often I felt like saying, "All and the modern convenience and Bill had bought it for me himself. right, all right, I'm not the woman

coilspring of seats, comfort these is. I haven't her thirtyideal of Having Mother buy the gift made my mother chairs for your are house

worship or auditorium. Maximum it less personal; somehow it was five years experience in marriage.

in is individual the privacy inherent I gift. Bill's to less ever learn can be a could I But But what how

unit, stylingof EzyLift each andthe if Bill a gives with looking wife say with good nobody me at me provide seats passageway. ample

Luxurious HeywoodWakefield his heart in his eyes? chance?"Bill and Mother were so

is in available seating a wide It was always like that. It was pleased with themselves, however, of aisle variety ends, beautiful

colors, and Bill's It for fine fabrics. Write today not keeping "happy"that I could and me my marriage.

for free catalog. spoil their fun. not Mother's was Bill's and mine. and

When we gave a party, Bill had Now, a situation like that canMother supervise the menu benot go indefinitely. When the baby

cause "she knows everything about was on the way, I knew that somecooking and I want you to enjoy thing had to be done. With Bill

yourself without worrying about encouraging her, Mother started

IF WE EXPECT PERFECTION Jill w

RICHARD L. EVANS

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH.

"If one by one we counted people out for the least fault,"wrote Robert

Frost, "it wouldn't take us long to get so we had no one left to live with."

We may well think of this for a moment. If we expect or demand perfecassociate, we will have no one to live with ATTENTION tion in those with whom we

—not even ourselves. There are days when others deeply disappoint us.

faith to lose are days almost in humankind and when we seem failings in high places, see flaws can count and MUSIC Therewonder we whom on. We

DIRECTORS weas wellcouldas becomein peoplecynical.of ordinaryBut whypursuits;shouldand,weif supposewe wouldthatlet weourselves,would

in else flawless find that ourperformance anyone when know we we for need material you the Order all infallible. others are selves of that expect us? not judgment is not Our have special programs. your We all are to be. they All not impulses always us of ought need Our

all occasion for and every music all explaining. of us that understanding; Sometimes hear need somewe Also arrangements. else said of that things cutting, or are has us were one unkind and we

if we BONGO DRUMS hurt and disillusioned, and then honestly have to ask ourselves $4.50 to $50.00 don't sometimes say what would be disappointing to others—things we wouldn't be proud to have repeated. Yet with all the human foibles

UKULELES and variability, and sometimes perversity, our lives are enriched by the

Regular wood $8.50 work, the companionship, the love and loyalty of others, and by the

Mahogany $14.95 to $22.50 great kindness and consideration that come to us on many occasions—

especially in our time of need, when people show the better side of

BARITONE UKES themselves. In the home, in marriage, in school, at work, and in all

$42.50 relationships in life there would be less disillusionment, less friction,

GUITARS more patience, more understanding, more forgiving, and more forgetting didn't in expect perfection others—especially since admit we we must All Styles and Prices thatif in us. are perfection living in one finds no world an imperfect We to $27.50 $300 of imperfect surely find people in other disappointment and shall some

people (as will they also in us), but the more understanding we are, the more we shall find what we so much seek. "If one by one we counted

people out for the least fault, it wouldn't take us long to get so we had no one left to live with."

Music Co Broadcasting"The Spoken SystemWord"Marchfrom Temple6, 1966. Square,Copyrightpresented1966. over KSL and the Columbia

327 Broadway Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This model represents the "new look"in precipitation plants being Kennecott's old precipitation plant at the entrance to Bingham Canyon built by Kennecott to recover copper from mine dump water at Bingham. will be supplemented this year by a new $20,000,000 plant.

- The Watered Down Copper Story

The old art of recovering copper from 26 specially designed precipitator cones, mine dump water and scrap iron will beInstead of dumping scrap iron into troughs, come an exact science when Kennecott it will be fed automatically into the top completes its new $20,000,000 precipitaof the cones. Meantime, the mine water

tion plant near the Bingham solution will be forced, under

Canyon mine. pressure, from the bottom of

About all that will remain of the cone and will be swirled the old plant will be the chemithrough the scrap iron.

cal principle that changes scrap The result will be the treatinto copper: When treated mine ing of more material in less

water flows into long troughs Cross section view time with greater recovery of over the scrap iron, a surprising of cone precipitator copper. This will make it poschemical reaction takes place... the iron sible for Kennecott to compete more

goes into solution and the copper comes out. successfully in the worldwide copper marThrough extensive research, Kennecott ket by increasing its precipitate copper prohas speeded up the chemical reaction with duction from 2,250 to 6,000 tons per month.

Kennecott Copper Corporation Utah Copper Division "An Equal Opportunity Employer"

MAY 1966 437 planning layettes as though the baby were hers. /Jl GENEALOGY

Our house has a small bedroom off the Bill kitchen that I deand worry you? *B* cided to for nursery. use a We Let BYU Home Study help! Enroll now to in one planned paint soft the a room

in offered courses ReGenealogical * many:mmgm first off. yellow baby on Bill's day

Introduction to search; Genealogy (2 & evening, One walked w ht lH Dad me

credits will help learn each)—II all aboutI you

I choir from practice. wlliillilfc!) home As we

'OF REMEMBRANCE BOOK neared our house see could we Kl FAMILY SHEETS GROUP -mlWRSB&BRmM

Bill Mother sloshing happily N and PEDIGREE CHARTS!<L\

# paint yellow walls on the FILING of our SYSTEMS RESEARCH METHODS baby's room. %\ --.C Mgmmilllvl

I blew up. "I won't have it,"I

v*Z*Mm ssmsam v-eeys use coupon to stormed at poor Dad. "I'm playing SEND FOR YOUR second fiddle to Mother in my own FREE CATALOG

TODAY! marriage. They treat me like a

nottoo-bright child. Who is Bill's

anyway, 'wife Mother?"me or BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY HOME STUDY, "Isn't a this yellow UTAH lovely shade?"| PROVO, E-5-66 I

Please Mother send your Home Study Catalog to: exclaimed as Dad and I

I I in. 'walked

I NAME "Come into the living room,"i.H I ADDRESS Dad said sternly, in a voice that

I CITY STATE | brooked no opposition.

I ZIP CODE Before I could speak, he took over. "Now see here,"Dad told

Bill. "You know we are glad to

have you for our son, Bill. But you

are married to Nancy. She is yourDON'T BE DEAF! GIRLS wife. to stop I want you monopoWANTED lizing my wife all the time. I'd

TEAR OUT THIS AD! in like to have my wife to myself once

fashion in a while."

If you act now, you can get a wonMerchandising "Father!"Mother cried squelchderful FREE 16page book that ingly.

But Father continued help unagain hear youmay ears.—with FREE JOB squelched.both talking, who's turned toward He Know

where sounds come from, and PLACEMENT Mother. "Nancy has the right to

what's been said. New professional court es begin June 20 be the center of her home,"he said.

Simple words and pictures show and September 19, 1966 Looking at Mother significantly, he

inamazing aids If you Beltone career payinc the a excitwant new created good said emphatically, "Every woman field ing of fashion a decorator, as buyer, won't for folks who wear a hearing pri- 1 etc., but manager, haven't home or to wants he to run her own time money

four colleg of 3, years investigate for fear ofaid It attend being conspicuous. "LD's"vately her with husband—if own </. courses 9 and 18 nov month the to be answer your prayers!may she of is any kind woman."to Wrife Di Mrs. ane Read:

it forWrite today. it. flushed. got face Mother Her

For your second at chance hapleft, After Bill Mother and Dad ss Busine College friends, with at home, at L D. S. very seemed thoughtful. I could 411 Temple for this valued Beltone r, Salt E.LakeSouthCit) Utahwork—writepiness not guess might he what bebook, to the Back "Welcome World thinking.

of Sound,"in plain sent wrapper, Finally, getting ready were as we 4-021,Dept. Beltone Electronics

bed, Bill his put arms around Corp., 4201 Victoria, West ChiIN IE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS me.for 111.cago, 60646.

Aids in treatment of simple sore "Your dad is quite a guy,"he throat and other minor mouth and said. "I never realized I was

CHI'S TOUR TRAVEL throat irritations. monopolizing your mother so

AGENCY, INC. much, I'm glad he set me straight.

HAWAII -FUN in the SUN Why, a thing like that could even Tours once a month—make your HALL'S REMEDY have caused friction between us if

early!!! reservations City, Salt Lake hadn't understood. Utah you And what

>-*-! >- <>-a-n- (>--o-m( )>r tours: -"ii o-*ki<)(i< one of the following a wonderfulOr join your way to feel about

Europe, Alaska, Pageant, wife after Palmyra all these being married TRAILS WILDERNESS

Ranch, Cora, GP Bar WyomingOrient, the years. the That's World, Around it to Hudson Q/, way I want

remote, and "Isolated located at

Bay, Nova Scotia, Mexico, South the edge of the Bridger Wilderness on Green be for us."

in a true ac- I didn't say a word. SometimesAmerica, Northwest, Portland WesternRiver Lake.setting.A familyThe GP—vacationprovidesspotmodern

Rose, Utah and others. commodations,fishing, boating westernand justcooking,plain relaxingriding, hiking,at one words are not necessary.

scenic of the most ranches 3221205 CALL

Relda Bob and McGregorin the U.S.A. State Street,179 South Salt Lake City, Utah Cora, Wyoming

At the end of road—and beginning of the trail

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Zealand

(Continued from page 392)

will have been students at the

Church College of New Zealand.

The year 1958 was a milestone year in the growth of the Church in New Zealand. In addition

to the dedications of the college 6 months and 1 day later and the temple that year, the Auckland Stake was organized on

May 18, 1958. Today there are the nicest thing about Zeigler facial care is:

four thriving stakes in New Zealand. it really works!

New Zealand has been the training ground for some of the General theThisleft47year-old... not unattractive,woman usedbutto showingappear assignsyou seeof normalher on

Authorities of the Church. The late aging. You can see from the photo on the right the improvePresident Rufus K. Hardy of the ment Zeigler P'acial Care made in six fleeting months!

First of the Council Seventy, the this Zeigler Zeigler Facial Facial Care and only Care made late Elder of Matthew Cowley difference. retouched, she are not photos the dramatic and These

Council of the Twelve, and Bishop did not lose weight. How was it done? By scientifically corRobert L. Simpson of the present rect exercise of the facial muscles and stimulation of the

Presiding Bishopric all served misdeeper facial circulation. That's the Zeigler way—it does

sions in New Zealand as young men more than creams or skin preparations, vibration, or massage.

and were called to return as It is pleasant and effective to use; years of medical research

mission presidents. and testing proves it so.

New Zealand holds one of those WILL ZEIGLER FACIAL CARE DO THIS FOR YOUR BEAUTY?

sacred spots that a prophet of * Will it improve facial contours? * Reduce the prominence

God, acting under divine inspiraof fine lines and fine wrinkles? * Generally improve facial

tion, selected for the erection of appearance with more youthful contours? * Improve tight-

a latterday temple. President ness of skin, skin texture, and complexion? TRY IT AND SEE!

David O. McKay selected the place Take advantage of this special offer: Write today for free

for the New Zealand Temple early booklet and details of our plan which lets you use Zeigler care in 1955 and returned to dedicate for 30 days with full return privilege!

the complete structure April 20, This offer is limited, by mail only..? %

1958. During the construction

period they called the work upon this house of the Lord "the great labor of love."And now, years

after its dedication, that same * Dealerships spirit persists of love in great available; write for detai$

abundance as church members, in!

the bonds of brotherhood, peoples Zeigler Facial Care 17810 S. Western Ave. Dept. E56 Gardena Calif.

from all the South Seas, gather there to claim the sacred ordinances Name that can be obtained only in a Address temple of God.

President Hugh B. Brown, then City State 7ip

an assistant to the Twelve, laid the cornerstone of the* New Zealand

Temple December 22, 1956. On

that day he gave this admonition promise:and

"Be true, be constant, be faithful, A GREAT CHURCH LIBRARY endure to the end, keep clean in can be assembled by "binding"regularly your copies of live action, the gospelthought and to be THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bein your worthy home, called the Saints of God, be worthy They can be conveniently and inexpensively "bound"as you receive to come to the house of the Lord, them in an Improvement Era binder.

and if you will, I promise you that Beautifully and strongly constructed with handsome heavy red Fabrithere will be greater things in the coid cover. Stamped in gold and large enough to hold 12 issues of

future than any man has yet foremore than 1,000 pages, plus an index.

seen for you; for the people of this Order now from

is Price only $2.50land, for your ancestors, and for The Improvement Era

is a and index 1965 included descendants."your

FREE! Such a binder for is a MUST

every ward library and most desirable for every home. 79 So. State St., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

The Church

Moves On

MARCH 1966 If mainlander you are and a trip to the Islands is for you, Salt Lake City's North 33rd Ward won the senior division allChurch basketball tournament by defeating Granger 3rd then "leiaway"a few dollars Ward (Salt Lake Count}/), 6544. Concord (California) placed

every week at AMERICAN. third, Iona (Idaho) fourth, Orem 14th (Utah) fifth, and WashingIf you call the land of ton (Utah) sixth. John Simpkins of North 33rd was named the

pineapples and surfboards most valuable player. Iona also won the sportsmanship trophy.

home and a trip to the mainPhoenix 9th (Arizona) won the junior division tournament by land is for you, then you defeating Holladay 1st (Salt Lake County), 5246. Lincoln (Salt

have six AMERICAN offices Lake City) placed third, East Mill Creek 11th (Salt Lake County) in HAWAII to choose from. fourth,sixth. FlagstaffEnsign 1st(Arizona)(Salt LakegainedCity)the fifth,sportsmanshipand Cincinnatitrophy.(Ohio)Gary

And at all nine AMERICAN Naylor of Phoenix won the most valuable player award.

offices, your vacation fund Utah State University 2nd Ward won the college division will grow at 4 34% current tournament by defeating BYU 52nd, 6355. Ricks (Idaho) placed

rate, compounded semithird, USU 10th, fourth. Dean Thornock of BYU 52nd received

annually. It will grow with the most valuable player citation.

safety, too—insured by the The final games were played in the University of Utah fieldFederal Savings and Loan house and telecast over KSLTV.

Insurance Corporation, a permanent agency of the The appointments of Jack D. Blodgett, Alma H. Boyce, Clar-

U. S. Government! ence Buehner, and Joseph S. Wood to the general board of

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association were announced.

And when you "leiaway"First V issued Presidency a statement urging support of The dollars your at AMERICAN, the Cross conducted. being Red drive now you're becoming a part of

one of the nation's largest Tours of the church microfilm storage vault in Little Cottonand strongest savings wood Canyon southeast of Salt Lake City began for the and loan institutions, season. Because of limited parking facilities, buses must be used

with assets to arrive at the area, rather than private automobiles.

over $100 Million!

Alva C. Snow and counselors Merrill J. Millett and Arvin L.

Bellon were sustained as the presidency of Roosevelt (Utah) dmMicm SamtM Stake, succeeding President Paul Murphy and counselors Floyd W.

OFFICE: HOME

63 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Labrum and Reginald Owen Curry.

SUGAR HOUSE OFFICE:

GRANGER2186 HighlandOFFICE:Dr., Salt Lake City, Utah 84106 "... the Church has no connection with the John Birch Society

2727 West 3500 South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84119 whatsoever,"declared the First Presidency in a "Notice to

HAWAII DIVISIONAL OFFICE:

So. King 71 St., Box 3859, Honolulu, Hawaii 96812 after society Church Members."statement issued the The was

OFFICE: KAIMUKI plans for in Salt announced during City a banquet the 1142Lake 12th Avenue, Honolulu, week Hawaii 96816

KALIHI OFFICE:

1851 North King St., Honolulu, Hawaii 96819 of general conference in April.

HILO OFFICE:

120 Waianuenue KAPIOLANI OFFICE: Avenue, Hilo, Hawaii 96720 The appointments of Heidi E. Vriens, Helen J. Tingey, Emma

1602 Kapiolani Blvd., Honolulu, Hawaii 96814 Lou W. Thayne, and Betty Jo C. Reiser to the general board WAIKIKI OFFICE:

2113 Kalakaua Ave., Honolulu, Hawaii 96815 of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association were announced.

440 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Teaching ( Continued from page 413 )

Furthermore, the college student who relies solely on the Spirit to solve all his problems without using his mind may have serious religious problems at one time or another in his life. If faith and reason are

balanced, a mature, unshakable religious commitment will emerge.

3. Learn about religion from

someone who knows something about it. Dorothy Sayers, the mystery writer and religious thinker of

some note, was once asked to write a letter to average Christians. She

wrote as follows:

"The only letter I ever want to address to average people is one that says: Why don't you take the How can Bigelow carpet help your church?

trouble to find out what is Christell buildings. that day's church you new Mormon your architect. Ask He cantianity you what isn't? and Why do filacontinuous with loomed noise fine like carpet, 100% Bigelow, absorbs And or the either the ancientnever read pile, will give Cordridge nylon of serenity. to ment create atmosphere an

modern authorities in the subject, And he can demonstrate how carpet years and years of wear.

but take your information for the actually saves on maintenance and There's a Bigelow carpet to suit most part from biologists and cleaning costs. every church, public building, home.

physicists who have picked it up Finally, no one need tell you what Bigelow has or can customcreate the as inaccurately as yourselves? You carpet can do for appearance. The disperfect carpet. We've done it since 1825.

would be ashamed to know as little tinctive tree bark texture of Cordridge about internal combustion as you (above), in any of its 16 colors, is esRUGS & CARPETS

SINCE 1825do about beliefs. I admit that you pecially adaptable to the decor of toBigelow

can practice Christianity without knowing much about theology, just as you can drive a car without you too,i %#-, vancan wearwcai am understanding internal combustion.

But if something breaks down on the car, you humbly go to the man who understands the works, whereas if something goes wrong withreligion you merely throw the creed *'away and tell the theologian he DATSUN is a liar...."1 Too many of us pick up our resmile

ligion from a chemist, a philosopher, or a teacher trained in English.

This might be acceptable if you realize that the learned professor is probably just as unlearned in religion as you are. Being an expert in zoology does not make one

equally qualified in religious matters. It would be well if you

remember to learn about religion from those who know.

4. Be humble. Perhaps you will

find as you advance in college that you know more about leadership breezeThis newto driveDatsunandSedanpark.is Solidlyfun sized!built Easywith asuni-a

than your bishop or that you know tized body and frame—and powered with all the

the techniques of counseling better get up and go you'll ever need. Standard equipthan he. Perhaps you will find that ment includes: 4-speed full synchromesh floor

defrosters, seats, tires, heater bucket & WSWyou even know more about the seatshift, belts, dash, chrome, deluxe factory padded gospel. Thus, you will be tempted undercoating, batterysaving alternator and many

1Geddes MacGregor, Introduction to Religious moi*e extras..

(Boston: Houghton Mifflin Company, Philosophy

1112. 1959), pp. $1,656 delivers plus tax, lie. d. & h., local frt., if any. FTlnnfi

TAKE A TEST DRIVE AT YOUR SMILING DEALER! wmm For more facts write: DATSUN, P.O. Box 191, Gardena, Calif.

MAY 1966 441 to find fault with ward and stake leaders. You should always remember that they have been called of

God to lead, direct, and counsel BUILDING A GREATER members of the Church.

The late President Henry D.

Moyle tells about living in a ward TOMORROW after completing law school. The

bishop of the ward did not have a formal education, and President

TEACHING Moyleto criticizesaid him.he wasHe oftenwas successfultempted

in curbing this desire, and he served the ward as best he could RESEARCH while living there. He said that he

EXTENSION wasleft therewardedward whenon thehe daywas thattold byhe the bishop how much his loyal Registration: Summer Quarter—June 13, 1966 participation in the ward had been

Fall Quarter - Sept. 2324, 1966 appreciated. The bishop went on to say that he knew Elder Moyle

was, and Brother he promised UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY was more qualified to lead than he that of his loyalty because Moyle

a great leader in the Church. LOGAN, UTAH: '*:.<"< i and devotion he would one day be

The college students who stay humble will have fewer problems than those who allow pride in their "vast knowledge"to rule their Two great Murdock Tours for YOU hearts. 1. Highlights of Europe Tour 2. Vikingland Tour 5. Do not make hasty decisions.

Departs June 9th Deports July 12th You will find that certain things are more important some days than allescorted This personally and Express DC-8 Fly SAS Jet to they are others. Realize that reis expensepaid for tour of deScandinavia of Europe 22 days sheer ensigned to please the most fastidious chantment. See the Fjords of Norway, ligious or theological problems will

traveler and to give him the best of "The Folklore District of Sweden,"the vary from day to day in their effect in 21 days. You'll miss Europe of Fairytale land none of Denmark, and many attitude you. your upon Some days

really the sights. places important sights class wonderful Highest and accomother days be and wholesome finest the enjoy always and all the modations accomway. Amazingly low will

modations... all at unusually low cost. you may have cause for concern.

cost. If you recognize this, you will probably not be inclined to make deci-

i sions of great import on those days

MURDOCK TRAVEL, INC. 1 4 South Main/Salt Lake City, Utah. Dept. A! when things seem to be the darkest.

Please send information on: I As an ancient sage said, "It will

pass."will of this fact A recognition

adjust- \2 Highlights of Europe Tour [] Vikinglands Tour J help in your personal you ment. Write home to mom and dad,

Name t talk to your religion teacher, counsel

before bishop with your you make Address MURDOCK serious decisions. religious ** @ TRAVEL in active 6. Stay Atthe Church. City State J

I.E. 5-66 'tend your meetings, especially sacrament meetings and priesthood

meetings. When tempted to miss

these in order to study for an exam, do not succumb. All who stay

active in their wards and stakes COVENANT RECORDINGSALBUMS will have an easier time adjusting $57.50 Book ot Mormon 32.95 to college. Doctrine and Covenants

Pearl of Great Price 10.95 7. Take some time to find out

92.50 Triple Combination 49.95 why you are religious. Examine Christ Jesus the

44.95 New Testament yourself and your testimony. If

of Also have in stock over 100 different titles religiousor sacredtype recordings. your testimony comes from God,

GIFT ITEMS it will not be destroyed by man. But

- Flowers cards - Candy Hallmark - Figurines if it is based on men, then men can Supplies and Religious Books Genealogy

Co/tract your nearest Book or Record Store or cause it to die.

Covenant Recordings, Inc.

1470 South State Street Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 Ph. 4871096

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Examine your religious motives.As T. S. Eliot says in his play AN INSPIRATIONAL MUST

Murder in the Cathedral, "The lasttemptation is the greatest reason to FOR YOUR MUSICAL LIBRARY do the right deed for the wrong reason."Reasons are important.

Love should be the paramount reason for the religious life—love for

Christ, for love for the loveGod, Family THE"Kine LOVED 22 BESTChurch. Christian Ilie 01 HYMNSThee is 01 Soldiers Thought our very Onward Over God Jesus 01 Day Rock Now Ages me A

I 01 Hour With Thee Meed lord Sweet Every The Prayer abide Hour Me Blessings count Faihers your 8. Pray. of the problems Many

Pilot in Saviour. Master. Sunshine Soul Jesus. The Light TempestTempest Kindly My vf Me lead is Shepherd My % 9

- inthat face Fortress Mighty college students Hundredth] 1 (Old Saints can Doxoiogy Ye Come. Come, is Huge Raging Whispering i

f All 01 HI King And There's) Art Creatures Holy. Holy. Love od (When Holy! Home Great Thou how \ prayer. solved through Thebe

student who consciously develops a real relationship with his Father in heaven will receive comfort and aid through this medium. There are

times when young people do not feel like praying. However, these

are the times they need it the most.

They should force themselves to pray on these occasions so that the alienation from their Father in heaven will not continue.

Too often our prayers are words with little thought or meaning behind them. One night a few

weeks ago our sixyear-old son came home from Primary and went out to play. We received a call

from his teacher asking us to have WARNER BROS.

a talk with him because he had RECORDS refused to pray in class. I called ALBUM #1633

him into the house and we went back into the den for a chat. When

I asked him why he hadn't wanted to pray, he said it was because it didn't do any good. I asked, "Why Preserve the Inspiration of

not?"And he answered, "Well,

they pray, friends andnone of my E do."as I just as well At The Improvementget along

on a discussionthat had point we In Beautifully Bound Volumes prayer. Afterward ofthe meaning

I asked him what he thought we should do, and he decided we The Mountain West's finest bindery and should ask Heavenly Father to forprinting house is prepared to bind your give him. We got down on our collected Improvement Era's into fine

hard cover volumes. Mail or bring the

editions you wish bound to the Deseret

News Press.

FAITH 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance

payment must accompany all orders

BY LOUISE DARCY Please include postage if volumes are to be returned by mail.

Faith is not faith that yields to doubt, POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

That wavers when things turn out Zone 5 T.07

wrong. I & 2 68 6 1.28

The time of trial is when faith 43 8875 78 1.501.73

stands Firm as a rock; faith is a song

Within the heart throughout each day, Triumphant over fear and pain.

Faith knows that God is ever good,

That in his care all men remain.

1600 Empire Road Salt Lake City, Utah

MAY 1966 443 Tour Europe knees, and he said he would say the prayer. This time he really

first class for prayed,sions fromnot thejust heart.words, Thatbut expresis the

kind of prayer that will bring peace soul. the to troubled

a get not always less than s17 a day! andPrayercomfortwill

student higher grades, it may not

A 22day "Priceless"escorted tour of 1 1 countries costs as help a young lady get a date with little as $368. Includes firstclass hotels, most meals, aircon- that returned missionary she has

ditioned motor coaches, sightseeing. her eye on, it probably won't alleviate all the trials and tribulations of

life. But it will give strength and

courage to face exams, to meet the

Travel, Inc. Murdock

St. 14 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah hardships of life, and it will aid the

Phone: 3283161 student in using all of these things

Gentlemen: Please send me full particulars on your for his* benefit and the good of

$17-a-day tour of Europe. mankind.

students that is evidence There Name to struggle doubt through who Address

City State 7in I.E. 5-66 '.

LOOK UPI BY MAXINE CLAYTON GREENWOOD LDS GIFTS "WE BELIEVE"BRACELET Lush valley,

Guarded long by craggy sentinels,

Whose timeless watch The 13 Articles of Faith indelibly stamped plated scrolls on—thean attractiveideal gift. goldHas witnessed sun and shadow,

Cost 11.50 Rain and snow, and gusty wind

BRACELET CHARM your patterned, broad DECALS - FORBOOKSAUTO'Sect.* Across SILVER GOLD OR

AVAILABLE TEMPLE SALT expanse—ANGEL LAKEMORONI

ALSO18"NECKLACEAVAILABLE AS LD8 What beauty waits for viewing!

COST $1.00?1 Any hour the eye and mind

STERLING SILVER BRACELET TIE or LAPEL TACS PINS Can pause, to glance above

LDS BLOCKGOLD OR SILVER 9 GOLDEN QUESTION LDS SCROLLANTIQUE 6i INCHES BRONZE The hectic repetitions

COST $1:00 Of our days! jO 'CO -Ot/ lO

1AKE-A-MR1KEYHOlfiEl

Available at your local faith have a far stronger commit3HIl> 5s"LONG LDS book store.

AVAILABLEDESIGNS their than take those ment who

ANGEL is religion It for granted. Lord's the HANDSL.A. TEMPLEMORONIIN

TEMPLE OAKLAND that desire struggle each of you PRAYER MIAOPENPRIMARYRELIEFSEMINARYBIBLESOCIETY EACH DECAL COST25* SERVICECARD COMPANYGREETING

COST $1. 00 4937 South Durfee Avenue Pico Rivera, California 90661 until you have a "wholesouled"

commitment to Jesus Christ and his cause. Leaders of the Church have

exist said that the not does Church SALE FOR SchoolHigh Course.all to religious of solve our probladies'furnishings, sportswear and Men's

in Finish at Years 2 Many only. store. lingerie. Top lines Home Owner Modern It exists faith to lems. give the us

abilities rapidly as permit. your as time Course andGo in increase. Scenic retiring. area Business on

to resident schoolequivalent college prepares for land. to vacation things believe a those cannot weentrance texts supplied. exams. H.

for if 3. already H. subjectsDiploma. subjectsStandard Single work—S.completed. or solve understand. Perhaps is school Creditdesired. education very advancement High we

business industry forhandicapped and NOBLES importantDon'tStart a Schooland beyour Be now.all for faith to the pray accept should Bulletinlife. Highrequest. inyourFree obligation.graduate.socially. esth on No trainingYEAR. OUR Box Hamilton, 349 Montana 59840

American School, H58, Drexel at 58, Chicago 37 those things we cannot change and for the ability to change that which we can. All life should be lived to

Hotomatic Gas Water is life its fullest, college your and FOX VIDA TOURS CLAWSON #3 Heater of of the a it Be one is to If Member exception. hapbe the no all hot Will the supply needed water Original HISTORIC TOURS Baptistries, for Kitchens, Church of piest time rewarding most and First City 28. Salt tour Lake departs from May 20 Rest Rooms. Heats 450 GPH, 23. Salt July tour City departs LakeSecond from life, religion. in rise include Write for free your temperature.

... details or write For phone complete folders heaters, water on Fiberglass

VIDA FOX CLAWSON TRAVEL SERVICE BaptistriesElectric Waterand spires.Heaters.Also

216 S. 13th East, SLC, Utah Ph. 3280303 LITTLE GIANT MFG. CO.

907 7th Street, Orange, Texas 444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA h <-* Rarotonga (Continued from page 411) Pffffg organized the Aitutaki Branch and fullyROYALreconditioned:w/palm tabulator,$119.50 Port,OLYMPIAw/caseLongnew:Carriage$149.50 automatic.UNDERWOOD,Special:completely$89.50

completed the organization of the branch on Rarotonga—the first

permanent branches in the Cook group. Missionary work was also

extended to other islands, and two more branches were organized in

Rarotonga and one on the island of sixyear the duringMangaiia only I.B.M. model one w/features Super, models 4 ROYAL REMINGTON KMG onlyadministration the Samoan by new: $279.00 being from mach.: new: from being $89.50 $99.50 found on $270.00

Mission.

In January 1955 President David

O. McKay visited Aitutaki while

his seaplane made a onehour refueling stopover there. The Saints

had assembled the night before and had slept under the stars, large whalethree in arrivedhaving launch. aboats towed by A meet- (saveSMITHCORONA,$120.00) Priced:almost$139.00new, REMINGTONfull featuredKMCandor rugged:SMITHCORONA$59.50 electric,SMITHCORONAand it's new:215,$202.00all

ing was held in a grove of palm trees, after which the natives—

eightyfivesixty-six Saints and shook Over 200 by andnonmembers—filed

hands with the Prophet of God. A Long CarriageChurch News report described the

occasion: "More than half of the Genealogical Typewriters

children small and weregroup to select from black hairtheir eyes and big brown and gentle shyness make them very welcome members of the Church."

The weather during President ELECTRICS STANDARDS PORTABLES NEW AND USED

McKay's trip was said to be "per-

... in Drop and browse season the hurricanefect"despite for limited space We're

selecour wide through... or show sides. we could squalls tropical on alland all reof tion models, new more you many 7, President 1955, September On with conditioned new including machines, $59 50—guarantees machine into... $39 50 flewStone with Rarotonga portables new from

... from R. construcElder Charles Dana,

tion supervisor, and ten unskilled

Polynesian labor missionaries. The

workers were to construct the first Mail modern Latterday Saint chapel onthese islands, as well as a recreation SCHREYEKS ordershall and a threebedroom elders'TYPE RIGHT.aiSTORE promptly

home. They found themselves comYOUR OetfHtpta |jjffgll DEALER filled.

pelled by a deadline to finish the

3289726project and leave the islands by 28 WEST FIRST SOUTH

November 25. So from midOctober

they operated on a daily schedule that often went from 6:30 a.m. until r%c FASHIONnearly midnight. When President LIS a CONSULTANTS

Stone returned for the dedication WANTED IN ALL STAKES late in the he found November, g. m Lingeriewith (SfC/WV\\AJ2Aproject, buildings both displayand sleeves, C\j JEWELRY coTne elegance jm.* beautifullygrounds, m9 completed. iy DA2103V 42 WEST 2ND. SOUTH <m/\Sjly modesty. * /'fg/jlim the finest inwith a workmanship f l-AKE SALT 1, CITY UTAH

write: Call or /"record"of period ten weeks. some f yj *-/ INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER 1 Temple West South 251 visited Elder Aitu- j had Cowley

taki in 1951 and predicted that in / Salt Lake City, Utah 4862359 the nottoo-distant future a beautiful chapel would be built there. In "AMERICA'S WITNESS FOR EXIT 43 RED JACKET CAMPGROUND

of Y. Rt. north 21. Just N. Outlet for Rd. & On the 1957 construction begun was CHRIST"historic the of miles N. Y. 2 south Thruway,

the crew worknew "'""trie chapel. When Hill Shrine, Showers, Cumorah. Mormon year's Palmyra Pageant. "Don't miss this

first arrived, the Latterday Saints Tours23rd. Hawaiianleave SaltToursLake—onJune,JulyJuly,16th,& August.18th, & sites,firewood,dumpingice. Ratestank,$1.50-$2.00recreation perbldg.,day. tables,ReserMARGARET LUND TOURS vations recommendedWrite Tomfor Mahaney,week of Pageant.

Phone 3288981-110 E. 2nd South, S.L.C., Utah Box 126, Manchester, N. Y. 14504

MAY 1966 445 BLACK & WHITE Your kitchen stays outcasts. almost But were an amazcleaner when you noticeable ing within change a was roll LIVI9 8 exposure entire island of weeks. couple The

DEVELOPED & PRINTED was very curious about what these

IN JUMBO SIZE people would do next. Large

12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 numbers of people were on hand

36 exposures $1.50 when materials arrived. The contools, the with speed the power COLOR FILM struction, the generator, the lights, ELECTRIC the boys poured which Samoan DEVELOPING cement completely amazed the Nothing is cleaner

entire of the island—populace KODACOLOR

Roll 8-Exposure per things they were had never than a kilowatt—no roll these Printing Dev. and.$2.55

1 2-Exposure Dev. and Printing Roll &$3.00 perro || seenmembersbefore.pitchedEvenin severalto help. nonBy products of combusColor Reprints 204 each the the building time was comtion - -*A Saints the Latterday pleted in 1958, COLORColor Slides SLIDES per were a respected people in Aitutalci. 135 mm

roll.. exp., Dev. 20 and.$1 Mount.35 20, 1960, Elder November On

Slides Color per mm assistant to the Longden,.. roll John exp., Dev. and Mount. 361 35 $2.40

Color Movie per Council of the Twelve, organized 8 mm, 25'Roil. $1.35 roll the Rarotonga Mission with Joseph

R. Reeder as its first president,

having mission headquarters at PHOTOSGENEALOGY Avarua. of OLD NEGATIVES MADE

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS One of the biggest problems of See the smart new

to convince mission was the new 5<t of each NEGATIVE, that the the people was electric range models Church coin C.O.D.'s Send only—no

MoneyBack Guarantee there to stay and was there to bless at your dealer's now. the people. Some who wanted to

If it's electric, it's better! join the afraid of were ChurchSAM'S LAB PHOTO family. pressures friends So and by I LIGHT UTAH POWER COMPANY UtahP.O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City, the first pioneering. years were

Missionaries were instructed to show interest in what the native COMING people were doing—fishing, food... First printing since 1907

production, better houses—and "RECENT DISCUSSION

to offer were help them. They to OF MORMON AFFAIRS'areas recreational for the set up

youngsters, provide songs and by B. H. ROBERTS

music, emphasize Primary and MIA. When children became inAnswers charges and criticism of the Church.

terested, the adults were brought AnDefenseextraordinaryof both ourevidencefaith andof ourour Church.beliefs.

in to learn what was being taught Also includes address to the World—by 1st

to the children. Presidency (of 1907). Establishes underPresident and Sister Reeder beandstandingproclamationsof principles,of Thepurposes,Church doctrine,of Jesus

gan teaching a Bible class in 1961 Christ of Latterday Saints.

at Tereora College, the government Direct reproduction from original. $1.95.

high school in Rarotonga. A second Reserve your copy from local book dealers or

Bible study class is now functioning in Aitutaki. The first LDS Boy MiffwiuafB/tew

Scout unit was organized at Avarua, also in 1961. Today 100 boys in the O. Box 635

Aotearoa scout troop and wolf cub Los Angeles, California 90272 pack are in uniform.

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple President M. Ward Moody predesigns in white and latest parchments. sided over the Rarotonga Mission

napkins, albums, Matching Mormon other for 1962. four years April from INDIANS

accessories. rush order service. One day OF THE AMERICAS: first the issue In 1963 of The

Messenger, the monthly bulletin to Maps in One!!

the elders and Saints of the mission, FULL COLOR!!

- ALASKA published. was A concentrated SO. AMERICA NO.- AMERICAMEXICO

effort year also to was begun that C. >- AMERICA Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded

on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) complete the translation of the Joredite—LamaniteAztec—Inea—Maya

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 Book of Mormon, which work had SiouxApache-Etc.

Name - been done in part in 1948. Just a

A. HEAD Address. Univ. 7587

LA MESA, City, Zone, State - CALIF.

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Turk Evans

copies the firstyear ago of the Discovers the in the RarotonganBook of Mormon language came off the press in Salt

Lake City. At Arorangi, Rarotonga, the Swinging

Church has thirtyeight acres of farmland. Banana plants and

orange trees have been planted World within the last three years, and cash has already been realized from other food products such as arrowof theroot and tomatoes.

Among the most successful church programs with the young YamahaCook Islanders have been competitive sports. The Church has sponsoft- volleyball, basketball,sored this Twin Jet 100ball, rugby, and for and tennis,

purpose has prepared some of the finest courts and athletic fields in these islands. Youth programs have

been broadcast over Cook Islands'Turk Evans, a longtime Yamaha fan tells of his impression of the allnew Yamaha Twin radio station ZKZIA, with anJet 100. "It's Yamaha all the way, with safety awardwinning brakes and oil injection

nouncers sent to the recreational to eliminate premixing. Its prize winning design plus simareas to get personal comment from plicity of operation put it in a class by itself- 1 have ridden

their play.the youth during CORPORATION them all! And for troublefree safe riding, I'll take Yamaha."YAMAHAINTERNATIONAL

is currently Missionary work SINCE 18B7 being done on eight of the islands. Take a tip from Turk Evans and buy the Twin Jet 100. It's

Eight branches are organized, inthe first twincylinder sportcycle of its size ever to hit the cluding three on Rarotonga. Five road. If you can ride a bicycle, you can ride a Yamaha. The

new chapels have been constructed low price of only $409* makes it easy to own. A dozen great P.O. Box 54540

under the church building promodels make Yamaha the topselling 2-stroke in the U.S. Los Angeles, California 90054

gram. *P.O.E. LOS ANGELES, PLUS MODEST SETUP AND DESTINATION CHARGES

President Moody reported that great changes in the attitude toward the Church and its message have been noted in the past two years. Instead of running away and

hiding or not being home when the missionaries call, people are coming to be taught. Indeed, the day of

which the Lord said he would remember Israel in the "isles of the sea"(1 Nephi 19:1516) has arrived for the Cook Island Maori.

A MOTHER'S HANDS

BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

Upon her hand is set the lithograph of hope, of love, in perfect blend.

It bears the autograph of comforter, of physician, and of friend.

The first touch and the last of our remembering, gentle to the end.

THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE

MAY 1966 447 Samoa bers of the Tutuila District of the same day. There were 1,322 mem-

(Continued from page 398) Samoan Mission. As a part of the bers of the Apia Stake assembled

session President Brown dedicated and each speaker was provided an

Reports from Samoa indicate recently completed classrooms and interpreter, for the benefit of memthat the people are growing in faculty houses. bers who spoke only Samoan. As

spirituality, faith, and devotion to "For many days prior to the visit, President Brown concluded his the gospel. Their children are members of the school faculty and introductory remarks, a counselor

being educated in a number of students at the church school in in the presidency spoke to the stake schools operated by the Church, American Samoa had been fasting president, both being native including the 300student Mapuand praying for moisture. Since the Samoans. They had observed that

saga High School and the Church water supply is totally dependent the congregation was receiving the

College of Western Samoa. And upon rainfall and the accumulated message of President Brown withthe parents are setting an example storage of water, a severe drought out the aid of the interpreter, who

for the youth by doing genealogihad caused the school's reservoir was then excused from his assigncal work and making excursions to to be drained to the point where ment. President Brown spoke for a

New Zealand, some two thousand emergency measures were being full 40 minutes with his remarks miles southwest of Samoa, to do taken. being understood by both the

ordinance work in the New Zealand "During the early morning conEnglish and Samoanspeaking

Temple. ference session, the heavens opened members.

In October 1965 President Hugh and literally produced a deluge of "All assembled felt the inspiration

B. Brown of the First Presidency rain, fully replenishing the water of this divine gift of the interpretaand Elder Thomas S. Monson of supply. An airline pilot later comtion of tongues."

the Council of the Twelve visited mented, 1 have scarcely seen such Yes, the people of Samoa are a

Samoa. Two faithpromoting exan unusual rainfall. The only place blessed people. They are truly

periences that occurred during where rain clouds hovered was fulfilling the prophecy of President their visit were described in the over this particular segment of McKay in 1921 who blessed them following account from the Church American Samoa.'... that they "may have a clear underNews: "The other incident concerned standing of the truth and make

"On Sunday, October 17, the two the address of President Brown in rapid progress in gaining a knowlchurch officials met with 698 memApia, Western Samoa, later that edge of thee and thy divine work."

Genealogists Dentists Doctors Everyone... SAVE OVER 50%

.*;:"SS!$5J&a

EXAKTA & EXA 35mm CAMERAS SINGLELENS REFLEX The worldfamous Exakta features an automatic splitimage rangefinder; Interchangeable lenses and viewfinders; M, F and X

synchronization sockets; selfadjusting pressure plate; 26 shutter

speeds—from 1/1 000th sec. to 12 sec. plus bulb and time.

It is the most widely used camera by hospitals, doctors, laboratories and government because of its extreme versatility.

It utilizes the largest selection of lenses and accessories at low prices. Has provision for intentional double exposure. Comes

with pentaprism eyelevel viewfinder.

f2.8 WITH AUTO. LENS ** 95 AUTO.WITH f2.0LENS *tf 95 Reg. 219.95 129 Reg. 259.95 149

Nfhg. Dn $2 Week! Nthg. Drt $2.25 Week!

We Carry the Most Complete Selection of Accessories for This

WorldFamous Line of Cameras.

EXA I EXA II

5 shutter speeds; critical focus- 9 shutter speeds; pentaprism

ing magnifier; interchangeable viewfinder; interchangeable

lenses and viewfinders; MX lenses; focalplane shutter; MX

flash sync. & other extras. flash sync. & other extras.

With f2.9 Meritar, Reg. 59.95

Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main. 155 S. Main > 2190 Highland Dr. SALE PRICE

Ogden: 2443 Washington Blvd. Provo: 161 W. Center St.

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor May 1966

Robert Howes. Loralee Pugmire, Steve Birkeland

- wilco - - ut"nw Mbile message would have fa fa YesThe sounded peculiar to anyone not familiar with military jargon, but it was understandable to the man who heard me say it, and it was so important that my life was affected by it.

It was a beautiful sunny morning in August 1944, south of Caen, France, during World War II. Our Canadian detachment was going into our first

real battle, tingling all over with a mixture of fear and excitement (98 percent fear and 2 percent excitement!). Our engineer squadron was responsible for seeing that the roads were kept open for the advance, the bridges

built, the mines lifted, the roadblocks removed. Doing the forward reconnaissance, sizing up the situation ahead, was a field engineer named Jennings.

He was called FE 1. In reserve, and with little thought that he would be called

upon, was FE 2—a Mormon boy named Livingstone.

In battle each unit has its own little radio system by which you can talk to one another. Those who are actually doing the fighting do the talking. Those

it makes for exciting listening! These were the in reserve just listen—and

"Mobile now..."

by R. Donald Livingstone

circumstances on that beautiful summer morning. Then came the shock!

With the battle about 20 minutes old, there came a startling message over the phones: "FE 1 killed. Send up FE 2."In my shock I heard the commander's voice, "Hello FE 2, did you hear last message?"

The time had arrived. There was no turning back, no time for more

training, nothing to do but send the reply: "Yes. Wilco. Mobile now. Out,"

which means: "Yes, I received the last message, Wilco, I will comply with

the order. Mobile now, I am ready to move to do what you want right now.

Out, there is nothing more that needs to be said."

Well, in the next ten minutes as we made our way to the battle front, I learned a great lesson. My! How I wished I knew all the code words better!

That lesson last week on how to disarm the newest enemy mines—do you

take the fuse off first and then put the pin in, or put the pin in first and then lift off the fuse? It makes a difference: the wrong way moves you

quickly from what Jude calls the second estate into the third

Livingstone survived the battle, but I've been thinking ever since about that moment and that message Each one of us will receive at least one message in this life that will tell us the time has arrived for a big test. Time to move on to the battlefield. No

chance to pick up knowledge we should have already learned. Maybe it will

be next spring when you wake up the day of the first final exam and realize that if you don't know it now you've had it. Perhaps it will be when you

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

realize tomorrow is the day you leave for the university or go out on your own in the world. Maybe it's the day you receive your mission call. Perhaps it's

that great day when your name is called and a person says, "Report to the

Lord for final judgment."Won't that run a chill up and down the old spine

There is no way to avoid the shock completely, but we can lessen its impact by being prepared. The Lord knows the great tests that come upon us,

and so he gives us ways to be prepared. He gives us training courses and

choice opportunities like family night and the lessons prepared for use there.

He wants us to (become ready for the message that will come to us.

How about taking a look at the great family night program in this light?

Think of this year's manual. Can you think of any better armor for our

young people to use in their battle with Satan than to know they have a

Heavenly Father who loves and cares for them? that he has a Son, Jesus

Christ, who loves us and that we owe it to him to do the right thing so that we can capitalize on the great gift he gave us? or to know that we have the

constant companionship of the Holy Ghost to guide us personally? In the

business world millions of dollars are paid for advisers and consultants, and we have the greatest one of all available without charge, every day of our lives!.My, what a gift! Can you think of any better thing to know when

you receive the message that it is time for special action? There are ways

to become prepared. When we receive a new invitation or request for our

time and service, it would be well for us to think of the battle message, "Yes.

Wilco. Mobile now. Out."

"Yes, President McKay, I have received your message. Wilco, I will

comply with your request. Mobile now, I am going to start and do it

I get time, but right now. Out, I don't need any right now—not when further convincing—the fact that you suggested it is good enough, because

I know you are a prophet."

And how about doing yourself a special favor? Just try this magic message around home this week. I can tell you there would be a lot of happy

dads and smiling mothers if every time they said, "Will someone please help with the dishes? Will you get your homework done? Please shovel the snow

off the sidewalks. Will you set the table? Will someone please take out the

garbage? Have you made your bed?"what they heard in reply was, "Yes,

Wilco. Mobile now. Out."

When you become used to using the message, shorten it by just saying, "Mobile now.

MAY 1966 451 For you fellows, too, there's more than just cutting lawns and pulling weeds for that extra cash.

Let's start with a few ideas to spark your imagination.

These days, modern mothers seem happy enough to pay out for lessons of all kinds swimming, dancing, music, painting, and so on.

Maybe you're not quite in the bracket for teaching lessons, but why not use the same idea for a craft class? You could have different classes

for different age children one, two, or even three afternoons a week. Postcards sent out to the

mothers in your immediate neighborhood could FWNAND by Carolyn Boyer Nelson let them know of your opening classes. Take a trip to the library for some books on crafts and

activities for young children. Then, visit a

Another test or two, a few days of signing hobby shop and go over their displays for ideas yearbooks, and you'll step into that summer you could use.

vacation for which you've waited so long. But Wonderful fun can be had for children (and

what have you planned to fill those wonderful you, too, incidentally) with paper and waterlong, warm hours? Surely you don't expect to colors; don't forget finger paints, charcoal, and

drift aimlessly for three months with nothing pastels, too. Remember how you used to make

better sipping than sodas sunbathing and to things out of saltdough clay—vases, relief off yourself. not you're take your mind Suppose figures. maps, flowers,

one of those lucky ones who got the job at the Many happy hours can be spent making pupcorner drugstore or in your dad's office. What pets, costumes, scenery, stages, and in writing

about who are left to fend for yourplay for a the parents. and rehearsing Hand you—you

selves? string puppets, puppets, puppets, stocking

Why not be selfemployed this summer and papiermache, or even simple papersack pupor have fun besides? pets can be fun. Why not start regular afterIf you girls are more than a little weary of

the usual babysitting jobs or of occasionally taking in ironing, sit down for a minute with a pencil and paper and see what ideas you can come up with.

David Ochsenhirt, Kathy Clayton, Christine Shewell, Janeen Shewell

452 Reed Robison, Craig Karen, Danny Perry, Clinton Linschoten, Espen Holse

Kaye Lloyd, Mirum tollman, Kerry Lloyd. Diane Pruhs

Randy Luke, Jimmy Linschoten, Lane Robison, Clark Henderson

noons of storytelling in the shade under a big elm? If you've a flair for dramatics, maybe

your summer school could be a little theater with you directing the children in presenting plays for the neighborhood. Don't overlook the

everpopular favorites of soap carving, working with boondoggle, weaving, knitting, and embroidering.

Perhaps you could start some classes that might include hiking, learning camping skills, preparing for scouting, bird study, tennis, baseball, or woodworking. Have fun with

Many mothers, like myself, would gladly pay a reasonable fee to get their children away from the cowboy and Indian games long enough to leather work pet care do something creative with their time and energies. clay modeling camp skills

Since many families take a vacation at some time or another during the summer, make it model making costuming known that you've gone into the business of watching the houses and caring for the yards paint and pastels puppetry while people are away. This could mean taking

in mail, cutting the lawn, and watering the house plants as well as the garden. If people relief maps papiermache

plan to be gone for more than a few days, a postcard would assure them that all was well work with wood scenic trips and safe at home.

There is no end to what you can do to earn bird study athletics money. Just think of a service that you and

your family need or have needed on occasion, flower arrangements and you are well on your way to a summer of profit and fun.

MAY 1966 453 In English that was halting, broken, and yet strangely eloquent, a tall, lithe, Ute Indian man of twenty said, "And the Lamanites shall blossom as the rose. The only rose that my people know is the beautiful

cactus rose of the desert, the flower that is so pretty although it blooms fWl'l forth out of an ugly and treacherous plant. It has little rain to cheer it, ln| {% poor soil to feed it, and the blazing desert sun to battle for survival—and

llj yet it blooms.

"We don't say to this flower of the wilderness, 'Grow!'and cause it to

!'and cause grow. We don't bring the water and say, 'Drink

it to drink. Neither do we take hold of its spiny pods and

say, 'Bloom!'and cause it to blossom. We would be hurt

by its prickly armor. No, this is not the way the rose of the

desert blooms. But under the watchful eye of our God, andLIlmoIlllBS after many months of patient care during which he blends

the planting, the watering, and the feeding, we behold the blooming of this desert rose.

"So it is with my people. We cannot say

to them in harsh tones, 'Arise! Achieve!

Progress! or, Bloom!'but with tender careShall Blossom and love in our hearts inspired by our God,

we must plant, cultivate, water, and bring about the blossoming of this people—longfor-

gotten, withering in the desert sun. And then can

we rejoice with them and our God when the

Lamanites shall blossom as a rose."

These are the words of Bobby Serawop, who As The Rose has become the first fullblooded Ute Indian to hold by Glade M. Sowards a position in a branch presidency on the UintahOuray Indian Reservation.

He is a counselor to President Carl Van Tassel of the Randlett Indian

Branch.

Bobby's faith in the destiny of the Indian people and in the patience and love that are necessary to bring them to their full capacities is not just a theory, but a law that has been written through many years of trial and heartache. He recalls with deep emotion his youth, when he was

so happy to be living with his parents in a small log cabin in the remote and peaceful Book Cliff Mountains. As a boy of six, he was forced into

a schoolroom with many strangers whom he didn't even understand. Bobby

spoke only the native Ute tongue. He was in his third year in school

before he even began to understand the language of his teacher and classmates.

It was during this period of Bobby's life that he found cheer and solace in the missionaries of the Uintah Indian Mission, when the family moved from their mountain retreat to Ouray, Utah, in order for Bobby to attend school.

Bobby's next experiences with the missionaries came when he was eighteen years of age. He recalls that the pressure of the group had

enticed him to use his share of newly acquired tribal wealth to "chase with the crowd, to drink, and to do those things that my heart told me were wrong."When his sensitive soul became so confused and disturbed

that he hardly knew which way to turn, he again sought the Church and the tranquility that he had found as a youth.

Since this time, events have unfolded rapidly for Bobby. Inspired by

an understanding Latterday Saint seminary teacher at Haskell Institute, an aggressive new mission program on his reservation, and a dynamic branch president who realizes the need for individual participation by the

Indian people, he has been ordained an elder, named to the branch presidency, and achieved a stature as a leader among his people.

A contemporary of Bobby is Floyd Wyasket, the son of the present tribal council chairman. Floyd's story is somewhat different from that of

Bobby. He joined the Church when he was eleven or twelve years of age

and has been active since that time. Floyd was a fine student and was

graduated from high school with a good record. He attended Brigham

Young University last year.

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Floyd, who has always tried to be good, has been a great help to his branch officers. While still a high school senior, he was superintendent

of the branch Sunday School.

He was surprised, however, to see the growth of his friends. In the

one short year that Floyd was away to college, four of his close friends had advanced in the Church, and he found that he must now run to keep up with those whom he once had led.

Floyd bears a humble testimony: 'Tm extremely grateful for the

gospel, knowing of my heritage and realizing that many great and glorious blessings will come to me, a Lamanite, if I will be a faithful in his call to received Church."of the serve a mission He has member Armon Accutoroop

of Mission. fact Indian the that truth a fine example the Northern He is

and righteousness have won out in a home that was once besieged by alcohol and indolence.

Three of Floyd's friends also bear strong testimonies of the "blossoming"of the Lamanite people. Myron Accutoroop is a strong, wellbuilt

young man who wrestled and played football for his high school. He says,

"Being a member of the Church has meant a lot to me: It has taught me

to live worthy of the teachings of Jesus Christ. Seminary has done much

for me: It has helped me to find out if this was really the true Church.

If it were not for the many friends who belong to this Church, I would not be what I am today."

Myron has the honor of being the first Ute Indian to be called on a

Myran Accutoroop fulltime mission for the Church. He is serving in the Northern Indian

Mission.

His younger brother Armon, a high school senior, is also a stalwart in the Church at Randlett. Armon says, "There are many ways that the

Church has helped me to change my life. I have changed my way of

talking, presenting myself in public, and grooming, and many of the necessary things that a person must know and do."

lB** p Another fine testimony is borne by Elder Jay Groves, an associate *,, * \ of the other boys, who lives in Myton, Utah. "I am a convert to The

f *"L. Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. I have been a member for

a little over one year. I am so happy for the two families that taught me

wy k the meaning"I have twoof lifewonderfuland wherebrotherswe willwhogo areaftermembersdeath. of the Church and

Jay Groves two younger brothers and a sister who are waiting to be baptized. I hope

and pray that someday my parents will be baptized and become members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."(Since this testimony was written, Jay's parents have been baptized. This word was

received with great joy by Jay, who is now serving on a twoyear mission.)

And again we listen to Bobby Serawop, "God has been patient, his servants long suffering, and my people are blossoming as a rose."

Bobby Serawop

Floyd Wyasket

MAY 1966

WHAT'S RIGHT

by Elaine Cannon

Scholars and scientists, award winners, athletes, queens on a crusade, helpers at home, models and artists, musicians and Sunday

School teachers, soldiers without glamour, missionaries for God—these are today's teens.

Some people insist upon stating what's wrong with today's youth. But we find much that is

right with them. They get higher grades, go to

church more, eat fewer sweets, travel farther, Parents and think more deeply, have firmer opinions of their Pleasantness own, know more about their country and current affairs, spend more and shop better, play Heaven at home is a pleasant possibility if you more but study more, too, than their counterpractice wisdom on parents.

parts of other years.

There is a right time, a better time

Today's youth are onthe-go, creative, tonguefor everything, including asking for incheek creatures who delight in pricking money, getting permission, issuing a complaint, talking things over.

parents and leaders with farout fads, new ideals, and firm commitments to an unfamiliar understand age differences.

cause. But beneath an appearance that is (to You grow inches in a summer, but

adults) often disturbing, there are hearts parents don't seem to have changed since your childhood. Let them catch

searching for the good, for truth, for values up with your new look, new abilities.

that rest well on the conscience. Help keep them current by telling,

This is a grownup generation, one to be sharing, showing without making them feel like hasbeens (that's so reckoned with. deflating!).

They earn higher wages and boast more talent skills than any other age group in history. take a blessing count.

A small percent of them are termed "delinYou may rebel at being owned, ordered, advised, and disciplined at your age.

quent"and color the case of all the rest. These But parents feel a sense of duty—and

get the news coverage, the attention of it's a fact they're legally and morally responsible for you. Most important,

sociologists, and the blasts of parents. But the they're your best blessing. They CARE.

remaining many go quietly on their way preAnd you are all in this family paring to take the torch for our tomorrows. thing together.

It's a strange quirk of the system, but

These are today's teens. But with all that's while you may think they're disappointed

right about them, they have the same needs in you, they may feel they've failed you.

that have plagued other generations. They Love can make the difference,

bridge the gap.

need to know how to get along at home, how to be popular with people, how to relate to

LIFE! Here are some suggestions

456 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA WITH YOUTH:

Three Ways to Get Relating Along with People To Life

1. Treat others as you like to be treated. Who you really are, what you truly can do,

how you should live, and what it all means

The Golden Rule works. The parables are problems the Church can help you solve.

tell the story. The results of such The big bonus is in actively affiliating with

living are in the miracle class. The inspired organizations in which the gospel of

Golden Rule works! Honesty, compassion

Jesus Christ is taught in its restored fullness.

and comfort, loyalty, concern, and a big effort to keep things pleasant are principles involved here. You Are a Child of God

He is your Father; he loves you and

2. Care and be aware. understands you and wants you to

have a full and happy life. He will not shield

Remember names and remember the facts. you from the experience you came here

Put the two together at the right time. to get, but he will give you the strength

Keep up with and make comments on what to endure and the wisdom to learn from the friends are doing. Encourage, compliment opposition and afflictions life brings

when a compliment is due, hold sacred the to every individual.

confidences, and go easy on the criticism. He will never desert you or reject you.

Move toward him and he will move toward you.

3. Smile.

Smile. Smile. Smile. But not pointlessly. Christian Principles

Smile at someone with an eyeto-eye Can Work in Your World approach. Make the contact. Connect. In you are the virtues possessed by God

A smile is the nicest way to touch and and Christ, though in you they are be touched in the friendly interplay embryonic, undeveloped. Develop them!

of personalities. Look inside yourself for the virtue and

strength that are there. Decide to follow

the path that will make you feel good about yourself, charitable towards others, confident in the presence of God.

You will find good company, courage, and the capacity for joy.

MAY 1966 457 A SPECIAL

aUuinl UJJLl u UJJ UJJ U L

SECTION

Leadership is more than a course of study for a large segment of seminary students in Salt Lake Valley. It is a way of

life. They're doing things the leadership way in fellowshipping,

activating, conducting, counseling, chairmanning, brainstorming, partyplanning, socializing.

Charles Hobbs, coordinator of Salt Lake Valley seminaries, masterminded the broad network of leadership opportunity and training for the 11,000 students under his immediate attention.

Leaders of the leaders are Kerry Collins, Loralee Pugmire, Stephanie Boddell, Judy Oakeson, Lonni Glazier (Utah's Junior Miss) and Catherine Andreason.

The Era of Youth attended a conference staged by these officers, with representatives from all the seminaries in the area.

We came away impressed. Several hundred young students

swept through the workshop sessions, discussion groups, and general meetings with more skill than seen in many a national conclave. Youth and adult advisers alike were inspired. They

were fed spiritually and intellectually. It had worked! The conference was a success. Young people with proper opportunity

following careful training can lead, and lead toward an important goal.

In today's competitive world, in the circle of LDS life, leadership is all important. We issued a challenge to several of

these young leaders to present their case for our readers the world over. They decided to do it in a picture section with a

skyhigh theme. Here is their section, their story, pictured with

their people. Guest editors were Meredith Barker and Laurie

Williams of Salt Lake City.

The Editors Kerry Collins

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Steve Birkeland

That's the wish of many a teen. "I wish I were a somebody!"

It may be comforting to know that there are others in the same sag, but who wants to stay there when there's all of a young life to be lived? Let's listen in on the exchange between seminary

leaders who've found some answers and a typical teen looking for them as they browse through the exciting new Hansen

Planetarium in Salt Lake City.

Boy: I wish I were a somebody! I mean, I'm nobody.

I'm not wellknown for anything in particular. I'm not very

humorous. I'm not on the big teams. I haven't pulled down

a straight "A"like some students I know.

I'm just Mr. Ordinary. Oh, sure, I have my Duty to God

Award... but so do my athletic and studious friends.

And I have to make the big decision soon about a mission and a career. If I were a somebody I bet I could make

decisions. I'd make things happen for me. If only I could

push some magic button and launch myself into the realm...

Seminary leaders: These are control buttons for space ship

workings but you can push the symbolic button of

Enthusiasm and launch yourself into the realm of

Leadership. Here's new dimension in living; here's excitement

and challenge and personal involvement. Here's living

every minute of every day.

MAY 1966 Brent Hanks Boy: But what is there

that I can do—out

there in the world, I mean? I'm no Lincoln

or Edison or Joseph Smith. What

stars out there could I hitch my wagon to?

What is my place in the whole universal scheme of things? Stargazing

gets me no place fast.

I want to soar!

Robert Howes, Loralee Pugmire, Steve Birkeland

Judy Oakeson, Kerry Collins, Stephaine Bodell

Seminary leaders: It's simple, really. Listen:

Once America needed an Emancipation Proclamation.

Once the world needed light. Once the Lord

needed a man to help restore his Church.

Now, WE NEED YOU! We all want to reach the

celestial stars of temple marriage, serving God effectively; but let's help each other, for no one

person can generate success for the group it takes a little help from everybody. That includes you.

Seminary leaders: You see, everyone has something

he can do better than anyone else on the scene.

Some invent, some build, some fight the battles or do the exploring, some teach the lessons.

We are all included in the Lord's plan, but because we are members of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints (his organization for the fullness of the gospel on earth), the thing that we are best suited for is to assist in the work of human salvation.

You can help yourself and your brother by putting enthusiastically, forward,460 your best efforts in you are doing. whatever

Kathy Andreason, Jill Mulvay. Judy Oakeson

Boy: Great! How and when do we start?

Seminary leaders: We check out the instructions

carefully, climb aboard the rocketship of enthusiastic leadership, and go, go, go!

FLIGHT PLAN: Through the spheres of teaching

and learning, supervising, inspiring, of self. motivating—giving

DESTINATION: The stars.

QUALIFICATION: YOUth—who care,

who want to make the trip, and who are willing to make the effort. Kerry Collins, Robert Howes

Seminary leaders: "But where am I in all of that?"you ask. And we answer, right there

in the middle of everything. The sights are set on you. we're after YOU! We'll

do all we can to supply the training and the opportunity.

Then it's up to you. You're a kind of astronaut.

And, after all, the astronaut's job is a simple one.

All you have to do is: Find where you're needed...

Learn how to fulfill that need... And, work as if your life depended on it!

IT DOES! BECAUSE—IF YOU'RE REALLY INTERESTED IN BECOMING A LEADER—

Meredith Barl A SOMEBODY—IT WILL BECOME A LIFETIME PROJECT.

W

J# J** H#* By James Hodgson Elder Delbert L. Stapley, Council of the Twelve,

YMMIA General Board greets Sue and Gay Evans.

For the 40,000 young men of the IrcWIS P'l *

Church who participate annually in

. MIA basketball, the golden goal is the * *# m* #>

allchurch championship tournament '**f'0'"in Salt Lake City. Starting with the

devotional in the Tabernacle to the final televised games at the University of Utah field house, this is an event to remember.

This is a tournament where sportsmanship is more important than championship; where men learn to

pray as they play; where everyone w* -if& $%

can win, regardless of the figures on the scoreboard, with wonderful ex- %yf ftNT 4M periences and memories.

For many players this tournament:*<*.# f*f

is the first opportunity to visit Temple Square and to meet some of the * JPf JNj-%

General Authorities. It is the thrill of.*%<> ft"

visiting the historic Tabernacle for the first time and tingling to the music of the great organ and the *j <N#,H*S

Tabernacle Choir. It's the chance for

comradery, traveling, eating, playing, d< JM'tPir -j and praying together with choice A team watches and waits.

friends and teammates. 'ft** 4P>*"'

This is spiritualized recreation di-,jjrny"rected by dedicated leaders to help.* mm ## **%*- #* f*r Mi

strengthen the testimony of all those

It is another who participate. "* ** k t w joint W-*4 > *fc * wcc*? lovely Laurel activity in which MIA

girls participate as sponsors. It is a

to bring strong missionary program f: yC#? ffPfc.** |Nf,.; *K'* *". m #i, PU. I**,W 1 into the help Church and young men

It there. gospel is the keep them:. in.,4|.-*P* j*. k*.;-* Pk*1- V JPlftT, *& 1 Jlii:.|*t

It is proactivity action... the MIA.

gram of the Church. P Pf* "Mr m &; {h, #* >j* - |r-

## rr >r->i P3k# Prfr FH. Jc * i* r,{t, iKkT'H

*.IR*- %? (in*- jgfc*. |. p,,,,*; dipcwjr'A*** 5p*i Jjki. '%>- #<* **'

'*$t* md #-i, M''Trf**i*

* iff *

laDioNEwmK'WORLDWIDE

Marve Sorenson and Dick Quinton escort sponsor Patsy Hewlett.

ito. to

1 jwt *

After the games are over

Marvin J. Ashton presents coveted trophy.

+** fit ** *tf 3?# ** - *4 ** ***i vj -'*.<* #*<S|l#-'3Sai

jf f*.* <**,n *# >* ** *** 4 *# i* >*yik\#*i2&>4 V* 4*>W

:* to. ** '* y>e to

Some teams brought their own cheer leaders.

p..fA sAi The Last Word

Mighty is the force of motherhood! It transforms all things by

its vital heat; it.turns timidity into fierce courage, and dreadless

defiance into tremulous submission; it turns thoughtlessness

into foresight, and yet stills all anxiety into calm content; it

makes selfishness become selfdenial, and gives even to hard vanity the glance of admiring love.—George Eliot

Almost without exception when a person I never told you I was perfect; but there is no

leaves the Church, it is due to transgreserror in the revelations which I have taught.

sion.- -President Joseph Fielding Smith—The Prophet Joseph Smith, DHC, VI, 366

One of the surest evidences The little fellow howled with rage as a of Joseph Smith's greatness young French father pushed his son's of mind and of the inspiracarriage down the street. "Easy there,

tion of God upon him is Bernard, control yourself,"said the to be seen in his treatment father quietly. "Now, Bernard, keep

of those who had fallen calm!""Congratulations, monsieur,"

but were willing to and came the voice of a woman observing.

did repent of their sins. "You know just how to handle youngsters

His capacity to forgive un-—calmly and gently."Then she asked,

der these circumstances "So the little boy's name is Bernard?"seemed boundless,—B. H. "No, madame,"the father corrected.

Roberts, DHC, IV, 163 "His name's Andre. I'm Bernard."

There's no limit to Obstetrician's daughter the good a man can do answers the phone: "No,

if he doesn't care my daddy isn't home. He's

who gets the credit. out on an eternity case."

Headline appearing in a suburban newspaper:

Seventh Ward Calls Child ToLDS Church Bishopric

We are haunted by an The proper use of leisure A boss on vacation in the ideal life, and it is because time... has been the means South Seas received a short

we have within us the of helping many young men note from his staff: "Hope

beginning and the possiand women to greatness. you're having an enjoybility of it.—Phillips Brooks President Thorpe B. Isaacson able vacation—we are!"

464 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A warm welcome...

and personal, expert banking service.

A new style of banking—pioneered by

Beehive State Bank and accepted by a growing list

of customers over the past seven years.

Visit Beehive State and see if this isn't your kind of bank... founded by your neighbors

to serve a growing community.

BEEHIVESALT LAKE CITY STATETOOELE GRANTSVILLEBANK

DIRECTORS

Carl W. Buehner S. Bruce Hanks Sherman P. Lloyd David E. Salisbury Clarence E. Wonnacott

Graham H. Doxey Louis S. Leatham Dr. Lorin L. Richards Walter Stover W. Adrian Wright

..

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The permanent key

to the most important

door in your life..

IjliLrUvUijTilJb wmmLDuLr El \ZJmm After you've trekked through scores of homes, or poured over plans..

and found just the right one for your family, you still have two important decisions to make:

(1) How and where to get your home financed.

(2) How to provide the householding protection that will keep your family under the same roof, no matter what happens to you.

(Here's where your Beneficial Life agent can help.)

Dept. E566 Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Building Salt Lake City, Utah I'm planning a home purchase, and would like more information about: BENEFICIAL UFE

|j| Beneficial Life Mortgage Insurance - 7. /Name Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Address City State Over 600 million life insurance in force