m (!l'lli"Bl

IMPROVEMENT ERA

Vol. XV11 SEPTEMBER, 1914 No. 11

ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, THE YOUNO MEN'S MUTUAL

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS AND THE SCHOOLS OF THE CHURCH OF

JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

PUBU9HSB MONTHLY BY THK QKHKHAL BOARS AT BAIT UUCK BtTY. tfTAM

? 1 BOUZEK

BEFORE THE SMOKE BOTH PHONES 881

CLEARS AWAY factory, shop, firestricken your On Jos. Wm. Taylor buoioffice resume or store, you can

ness if insured with us. No long

unnecessary delays in adjusting', no Utah's Leading Undertaker haggling over terms; but prompt payand Licensed Embalmer.

ment of losses every time. It's to our

again. Parlor, Show Kooma and Morgue again—weInterest to canget youinsureset youup in business Flna Funeral Chapel, Privata

HiHOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY OF UTAH OFFICE OPEN DAT AND NIG

St. ll, 88 South West Temple and 85 Heber J. Grant & Cc. Ess CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH 2026 S. Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

One Road to Success—

Which Way are YOU Going?

START RIGHT BY ENTERING THE L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Profits Service—Not

a month Day a month Night Sessions—$4.00 Sessions—$7.00

H Hfc/V HKiJIMG lO AVVEKTISEKS. PLEASE MENTION THE LMfKOVt.lAb.NT EKA

CUMORAH AND THE NEPHITE RECORD.

"Convenient to the village of Manchester, Ontario County,

New York, stands a hill of considerable size, and the most elevated of any in the neighborhood. On the west side of this hill,

not far from the top, under a stone of considerable size, lay the plates, deposited in a stone box. This stone was thick and rounding in the middle On the upper side, and thinner towards the

edges, so that the middle part of it was visible above the ground, but the edge all round was covered with earth.

"Having removed the earth, I obtained a lever, which I got fixed under the edge of the stone, and with a little exertion raised it up. I looked in, and there indeed did I behold the plates, the

Trim and Thummim, and the breasplate, as stated by the messenger. The box in which they lay was formed by laying stones together in some kind of cement. In the bottom of the box were

laid two stones crossways of the box, and on these stones lay the plates and the other things with them.

"I made an attempt to take them out, but was forbidden by the messenger, and was again informed that the time for bringing them forth had not yet arrived, neither would it, until four years from that time, but he told me that I should come to that place precisely in one year from that time, and that he would there meet with me, and that I should continue to do so until the time should come for obtaining the plates. Accordingly, as I had been

commanded, I went at the end of each year, and at each time 1 found the same messenger there, and received instruction and intelligence from him at each of our interviews, respecting what the Lord was going to do, and how and in what manner his kingdom was to be conducted in the last days."Joseph Smith.

Flistory of the Church, pp. 15, 16.

From a painting by L. A. Ramsey

"TRUTH SHALL SPRING OUT OF THE EARTH"

This painting by Mr. Ramsey is likely to prove as great a success

as did his portrait of Joseph Smith, a steel engraving of which appeared in the Era of December, 1910. It represents the angel Moroni

delivering the sacred plates of the Book of Mormon to the young prophet, September 22, 1827. Competent critics assert that Mr. Ramsey has shown more versatility in this picture than in any of his other

successes. The artist was aided by suggestions from Elder B. H. Roberts, of the First Council of Seventy, in making the picture historically

correct. An angel, or messenger from God, according to the belief of

the Latterday Saints is either a resurrected person of flesh and bone, or thespirit of a just man made perfect. The ideal has perhaps been

more nearly reached in this portrait than in any other ever attempted.

When the plates were delivered, Cumorah, though now completely denuded, was covered with trees.

Improvement Era

Vol. XVII SEPTEMBER, 1914 No. 11

Preparation for Missionary Life

BY JAMES G. DUFFIN, FORMER PRESIDENT OF THE CENTRAL STATES

MISSION

Every young man in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints not physically or otherwise incapacitated, who has had the proper home environment, looks forward to the time when he will have the privilege of taking a mission to the world. This

is a proper desire and is as it should be in every family of the

Church, for the Lord has restored the gospel and has placed upon the members of the Church the responsibility of administering it to his children upon this earth. With a full understanding that

they are accountable to him for the faithful performance of this duty, it is but natural that those who clearly understand their position should feel anxious about the preparation that should be made to enable them to efficiently perform the duties of messengers of eternal life.

Each succeeding year the demand for capable missionaries is increasing. New fields are continually being opened, and opportunities for the teaching of the gospel among all classes of

people were never greater than at the present time. This condition in the various missions is most encouraging and should

stimulate the members of the Church to greater exertion to meet this increasing demand for the spread of the principles of the gospel of our Lord. Upon whom rests the responsibility of preparing our young men for this important work, for preparation

there most certainly should be? In a revelation to the Prophet

Joseph Smith, November, 1831, the Lord says:

"And again, inasmuch as parents have children in Zion, or any of her stakes which are organized, that teach them not to understand the doctrine of repentance, faith in Christ the Son of the living God, and of baptism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of the hands wehn eight years old, the sin be upon the heads of the parents. 1004 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"For this shall be a law unto the inhabitants of Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized;

"And they shall also teach their children to pray and to walk uprightly before the Lord."—Doc. and Cov. 68:2528.

It will thus be seen that, primarily, the responsibility is placed upon the parents. There are the best of reasons for this.

greatest influence upon their felChurch—theIt is a well establishedmen who havefact thethat the strongest characters in the

lows for the salvation of their those who through souls—are

careful home training have led clean and wholesome lives and have lived up to the requirements of the gospel from their childhood. The importance of the early training of those who are to

be God's messengers will more fully appear, when we consider that they are to be ministers, not of the "letter"only, but of the "spirit"of the gospel.

This "spirit,"the real converting power in the missionary's work, cannot be taken on at will. It is obtained only by a life

devoted to God's holy purposes. An elder may be able to reason well, present the doctrines of the gospel in a clear, logical

manner, but if he is unable to touch the hearts of his hearers, his speaking will avail but little for their salvation. Who has not, in

listening to some humble elder speaking under the influence of the Holy Spirit, felt a warm glow permeate his whole being, its influence touch his heart, humble his spirit, enlighten his mind, give him renewed determination to live a better life, and cause his soul to go out in gratitude to his Father in heaven for his merciful plan of salvation? It is just this influence the true missionary exercises upon the minds and hearts of his hearers, and

that brings them to repentance and to an obedience to the gospel plan.

But the work of preparation is not to be confined to the home.

Here the foundation is laid. Upon this the superstructure is to

be built by the quorums of the priesthood, and the work of such other institutions as have been organized for the growth and development of the members of the Church, both spiritually and intellectually.

Again, the writer desires to call the attention of our young men to this fact: That although the Lord requires parents to

teach their children the principles of eternal life and to give them a training in the things of God, and the Church to provide ways and means for the intellectual and spiritual growth of its members, every intelligent being who has reached the years of accountability has his agency, for the exercise of which he must give an account to his Maker. In the exercise of this agency every

young man should be united with his parents and the priesthood for the development of every grace and power of mind, spirit, and body, that he might thereby be truly fitted for the great

PREPARATION FOR MISSIONARY LIFE 1005

work entrusted by Deity to his people. The young elder who has

taken this course at home never fails when he gets into the mission field.

But what of this mission? What is it he has to present that

is of such importance to the world that the elder will leave his home and all that are dear to him, his business affairs, and, without financial compensation, bearing his own expenses, spend years of his time in this work? He goes to the world as a witness that Jesus is the Christ and that Joseph Smith is a prophet

of the living God, with the message of a new dispensation given to man, of the fulness of the gospel restored, of the priesthood brought to earth with the keys and powers thereof, having authority to organize and build up the Church of the Lord and to administer the sacred ordinances of the gospel, to present three new volumes of scripture, with a call to repentance and warning of judgments to come. To get a comprehensive understanding

of that which has been revealed concerning these truths, to prepare himself to present them so that they will appeal to the reason and judgment of his hearers, and to be able to maintain his position by evidence, is an important part of the preparation of the elder for missionary labor. Concerning the teaching of these

truths the Lord, in a revelation to Joseph Smith, given Feb. 9,

1831, says:

"And again, the elders, priests, and teachers of this Church shall teach the principles of my gospel, which are in the Bible and the

Book of Mormon, in the which is the fulness of the gospel;

"And they shall observe the covenants and Church articles to do them, and these shall be their teachings, as they shall be directed by the Spirit;

"And the Spirit shall be given unto you by the power of faith, and if ye receive not the Spirit, ye shall not teach.

"And all this ye shall observe to do as I have commanded concerning your teaching, until the fulness of my scripture is given.

"And as ye shall lift up your voices by the Comforter, ye shall speak and prophesy as seemeth me good:

"For, behold, the Comforter knoweth all things, and beareth record of the Father and the Son.—Doc. & Cov. 42:1217.

At a later date the revelations contained in the Doctrine & Covenants were compiled and published, and this book, the Pearl of

Great Price and the two books mentioned in the revelation above quoted, became the standard works of the Church. From these

four volumes of scripture the elder can gain a most comprehensive knowledge of that which has been revealed for the salvation of the human family.

P>ut it is urged that the missionary cannot use scripture from the Doctrine and Covenants, the Book of Mormon, or the Pearl of

Great Price in speaking to those who are not of the Church, because they do not accept these books as authority, it is therefore 1006 IMPROVEMENT ERA

contended that the study of these books is not essential as a preparation for missionary labor. Without going into all of the

reasons for urging our elders to become thoroughly acquainted with these books, the writer will say: The elder who gets his

information direct from the revelations of the Lord always feels sure of his position, for he speaks of that which God has revealed, not merely of what some one "believes"or has taught, and his teaching is accompanied by a power that comes from knowledge gained firsthanded.

A study of Church history is a very important part of this preparation of the missionary. Every missionary should be able

to relate interestingly, and with proper attention to detail, the story of Joseph's first vision, the visits of the angel Moroni, the coming forth of the Book of Mormon, the restoration of the priesthood, the organization of the Church, the migration of the

Saints, the manner of laying out their cities and towns, their educational system and that provided for taking care or the poor, and many other subjects of history and practice of his people. What elder when speaking upon these events has not seen the apathy of

his congregation give way to interest, coldness to cordiality, resentment to sympathy?

Having laid the foundation of his knowledge in the revelations of the Lord, the prospective missionary should explore other literature, philosophy, history of nations, fields—science,

etc. The plan given by revelation is most broad and comprehensive. The writer cannot do better than quote it here

"And I give unto you a commandment, that you shall teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom;

"Teach ye diligently and my grace shall attend you, that you may be instructed more perfectly in theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingdom of

God, that are expedient for you to understand;

"Of things both in heaven and in the earth, and under the earth;

things which have been, things which are, things which must shortly come to pass; things which are at home, things which are abroad; the

wars and perplexity of the nations, and the judgments which are on the land, and a knowledge also of countries and of kingdoms."—Doc.

& Cov., 88:7779.

Now the object of this extensive course of study?

"That ye may be prepared in all things when I shall send you again to magnify the calling whereunto I have called you, and the mission with which I have commissioned you."—Verse 80.

The missionary should not lose sight of the fact that he goes out as a commissioned ambassador of the Lord Jesus Christ.

His life, therefore, should be such as to maintain the dignity of

His life. He, also, should not forget that the manner in which

he conducts himself will be, to a very great extent, the mesaure

PREPARATION FOR MISSIONARY LIFE 1007

by which his people will he judged by those whom he meets during his labors abroad. His language should be chaste, his expressions temperate, but he should be fearless in meeting the opposition of those who oppose and misrepresent the great work of

which he is a representative, and in presenting the truths of which he has prepared himself to be an advocate.

In closing, a few extracts from a letter by the writer to one of his sons performing missionary labor, might be of some interest to the elders in the "field":

January 22, 1911.

My Dear.Son: Your letter of recent date was received in today's

mail, and as I shall leave tomorrow morning to be absent from home a few days on business, I am taking this evening to write you.

Your position is right in not trying, in any manner, to mislead any one concerning the doctrines of the Church, and in not making any misrepresentations concerning the faith and teachings of the Latter-day Saints. Nor should any elder resort to subterfuge to meet

opposition to the principles the Lord has revealed for the salvation of his children. Nothing of this kind is necessary in the work

of our missionaries.

There may be times when it would not be wise to present advanced principles of the gospel to people who have not fully investigated our teachings, but this would not justify any elder in telling untruths concerning them. Why should any elder feel it necessary

to tell untruths concerning that which God has revealed, forsooth, there are some who will not accept his revelations, and therefore oppose them. We do not expect all men to accept this gospel, any

more than the farmer expects all seed that he plants to germinate and produce a crop. Truths must be taught as seeds must be planted

before they can take root. This is our work, the responsibility of receiving or rejecting is upon those to whom the testimony is given.

I wish to impress upon you that in all of your work among the people, you should be frank and open if you will retain their confidence and good will. I am not afraid but that you will do this, but

1 write in this way, if possible, to make deeper the Impression upon your mind the fact that nothing is to be gained by resorting to sonhistry in presenting the things of God to our fellows or in the defease of them.

You write with regard to magazine articles with which the country has been flooded, about our people. Magazine articles do

not always state our position correctly. More often it is misstated

bv them. T surest, therefore, before you attempt to make any explantations of things published about our people or their faith, where

you feel that you ought to do so to meet misrepresentation, fhal you first state the attitude of our people from nur point of view.

Bv taking th's course you will be enabled to get the truth before the peonle and do much more good than by trying to explain awav the garbled statements of vicious, or misinformed, or uninformed writers, as the case might be.

PROVO, UTAH The Parable of the Unwise Bee

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE

Sometimes I find myself under obligations of work requiring quiet and seclusion such as neither my comfortable office nor the cozy study at home insures. My favorite retreat is an upper room

in the tower of a large building, well removed from the noise and confusion of the city streets. The room is somewhat difficult of

access, and relatively secure against human intrusion. Therein

I have spent many peaceful and busy hours with books and pen.

I am not always without visitors, however, especially in summertime; for, when I sit with windows open, flying insects occasionally find entrance and share the place with me. These selfinvited guests are not unwelcome. Many a time I have laid down

the pen, and, forgetful of my theme, have watched with interest the activities of these winged visitants, with an afterthought thai the time so spent had not been wasted, for, is it not true, that even a butterfly, a beetle, or a bee, may be a bearer of lessons to th?

receptive student?

A wild bee from the neighboring hills once flew into the room; and at intervals during an hour or more I caught the

pleasing hum of its flight.* The little creature realized that it

was a prisoner, yet all its efforts to find the exit through the partly opened casement failed. When ready to close up the room an 1

leave, I threw the window wide, and tried at first to guide and then to drive the bee to liberty and safety, knowing well that if l?ft in the ropm it would die as other insects there entrapped had

perished in the dry atmosphere of the enclosure. The more I tried

to drive it out, the more determinedlv did it oppose and resist mv efforts. Its erstwhile peaceful hum developed into an angry roar

its darting flight became hostile and threatening.

Then it caught me off my guard and stung my hand,—th"

hand that would have guided it to freedom. At last it alighted

on a pendant attached to the ceiling, beyond my reach of help or injury. The sharp oain of its unkind sting aroused in me ratrrr

pity than anger. I knew the inevitable penalty of its mistaken

opposition and defiance; and I had to leave the creature to its

fate. Three days later I returned to the room and found the

*For an earlier and briefer reference to this incident of the unwise bee, see the author's article "Lord of All"in the Improvement Era,

Vol! XI, No. 10, August, 1908.

I'll E I'XWISI Kill') THE PARABLE OF

dried, lifeless body of the bee on the writing table. It had paid

for its stubbornness with its life.

To the bee's shortsightedness and selfish misunderstanding

I was a foe, a persistent persecutor, a mortal enemy bent on its destruction; while in truth I was its friend, offering it ransom

of the life it had put in forfeit through its own error, striving to redeem it, in spite of itself, from the prisonhouse of death and restore it to the outer air of liberty.

Are we so much wiser than the bee that no analogy lies between its unwise course and our lives? We are pron.2 to contend,

sometimes with vehemence and anger, against the adversity which after all may be the manifestation of superior wisdom and loving care, directed against our temporary comfort for our permanent blessing. In the tribulations and sufferings of mortality there

is a divine ministry which only the godless soul can wholly fail to discern. To many the loss of wealth has been a boon, a providential means of leading or driving them from the confines of

selfish indulgence to the sunshine and the open, where boundless opportunity waits on effort. Disappointment, sorrow, and affliction may be the expression of an allwise Father's kindness.

Consider the lesson of the unwise bee "Trust in the Lord with all thine heart; and lean not unto

thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and

he shall direct thy paths."( Proverbs 3:?, 6).

M. I. A. JUNIOR CHORUS SCOUTS

SUGAR CITY, TDAHO A Righteous Woman's Recompense

BY LELLA MARLER HOGGAN

/ The Divine Touch

"Ay, thou art welcome, heaven's delicious breath

When woods begin to wear the crimson leaf,

And suns grow meek, and the meek suns grow brief,

And the year smiles as it draws near its death."

"And you're really goingaway, Willard, to be gone all winter?"asked Ethel, for the third time.

"Yes,"he laughed, "aren't you sorry to see me go?"

"Yes,"hesitated Ethel, "I'm sorry, and I'm glad. We shall

all miss you, of course; but a year at school will mean so much

to you, that we are willing to forego the pleasure of your society for the winter."

"A year isn't much,"he meditated. "Just enough to rub a

little of the rust off that's been accumulatingfor the past four years. I had hoped to be able to go last year, but Jim left for

his mission in the spring and father was sick all fall, and that put us late with the crops. We are fortunate this fall in getting

through so early."

"More good management, than good luck, I guess,"laughed

Ethel. "You've certainly earned a vacation. But, Willard, what

have you been doing, you don't look just like yourself?"

'Had a hair cut—the first one this summer,"he said quietly.

"Oh, you foolish fellow! I'm in earnest. You really do

look different, tonight."

"It's the moon,"he said nonsensically. "Things always look

different in the moonlight."

"Always,"she reiterated, catching the note of humor in his voice. "Such a night as this is capable of almost any transformation. I feel like a child of ten, myself."

"I can't tell you how I feel,'Ethel. My heart is so full of

joy tonight, that I can't find words to express my feelings."

"I believe your joy is contagious,"she smiled, "even the night birds are calling jokes to each other."

"That hoot owl, for instance,"he retorted. "Poor, melancholy, old fellow! He has caught your spirit of ridicule, and is

trymg to jeer me out of my joy. But you're both failing utterly

I feel more joyous every moment. If I were only a boy of ten'"

he mused, "only a boy of ten."

1011 A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE

She did not reply. She pulled a few crimson leaves from the

tangle of vines on the porch and slowly tore them to bits. The

big, handsome man arose from the porch steps and shook himself, and walked slowly down to the gate.

"If I were only a boy of ten,"he repeated to himself, "then

I could tell her. But I am not."His strong face was set in lines

of determination. He stood silent. The harvest moon moved

along its path of light. Some little animal scurried through the

dead leaves. He bowed his head upon his arm, as he leaned

against the gate post.

"Dear God,"he whispered.."You know how it is. Save her

if you can. But however it goes, help me to be a man."

He walked slowly back and sat down on the steps.

"Harvest moon, isn't it?"he said, simply. Ethel replied by

asking some question concerning his school, whereupon the conversation drifted at once into a pleasant channel again. His face

glowed with animation as he told her of his plans. Many little

pleasantries passed between them, and the evening came to a close all too soon.

Ethel said good bye in her own frank, sweet manner, wishing him success in his work. Willard clasped her hand firmly, and

replied to her good wishes with his usual wholesouled gladness.

taking both her a moment—and thenHe turned to go—hesitated

hands in his, he stooped and kissed them tenderly.

Ethel stood silent in astonishment. Had he asked her to

wait for him she would not have been surprised. Had he kissed

her in his usual frank manner she would not have wondered; but

for Willard Taylor, so plain, and unconventional, and so altogether void of sentimental folly, to kiss her hands, seemed almost ludicrous. For a moment she was tempted to laugh outright.

But she did not laugh. A strange, new joy was surging through

her whole being. She clasped her hands together, she pressed

them to her lips. She closed her eyes and recalled it all again,

and again. That this big, clean, generous man,—who had beenher play fellow since she was a child,—had reverentlly stooped

and kissed her hands, was not a thing to be laughed at. She

would cherish it in her memory, forever. Her pulses throbbed.

Every fibre of her fresh young womanhood answered to the call of virtuous manhood that had been sent thrilling through her being by that sacred kiss. It was but a prophecy of all the blessings God held in store for her. She would keep her mind and

body pure and sweet, in order that that prophecy might be completely fulfilled.

Perhaps there is no woman in the world who does not at some time in her life, feel the divine touch in her heart. It may

be a picture or a bit of song, or a bird's call in the twilight, or a cloud kissing a purple mountain at dawn. Whatever it is, it

1012 IMPROVEMENT ERA

touches her heart with a strange thrill, as if a divine hand were upon her. For one holy moment, it is as if the curtains of eternity had been rent asunder and all things stood revealed. And

then it is gone and she is on the earth again, and she remembers only the picture, or the song, or the painted landscape. But in

her heart she knows that something has happened, somewhere, before the world was, and all unconsciously, she prays that it may happen again.

Ethel Barton had felt that divine touch, and though she could not explain it to herself, she felt that this night had revealed her comrade and old play fellow in a new light. And that he was

to help her in the working out of her destiny here in the earth life.

And not until the next day did it dawn upon Ethel, that

Willard Taylor had not in any way avowed himself her suitor.

He had spoken no words of love to her. He had not even asked

her to write to him. A mingled feeling of disappointment and

wonder filled her heart. What did he mean? Willard was too

honest to deceive any woman, of that she was certain, but if he held her sacredly in his heart, why had he not bound her by some promise, to be true to him? Why he had not done so, she

could not tell.. However, she would sacredly cherish the beautiful

token that stood between them; it was more than a mere good

bye.

And even as she vowed in her heart to be true to him, a shadow fell across her path, a light footstep was on the graveled walk, and looking up she encountered a stranger—a gentleman

of refinement and polish, different from any man she had ev-r met before. In answer to his inquiry she directed him to the

home of Mr. Johnson, one of the village school trustees. The

stranger's deep, soft accent, his cultured speech, and his easy, graceful manner, together wtih the fact that he was in search of the clerk of the school board, confirmed to Ethel the fact that he was the new professor, who was to be principal of the school for the coming year.

"Oh, fudge! Men are all alike,"retorted Cecil Miller. "I

wouldn't marry the best man on earth, unless he were handsome and wealthy."

"And gave you the opportunity,"added Florence Lindsay.

"Opportunity?"ejaculated Cecil. "We make our own opportunities in this world. I think we can have anything we want,

if weare willing to wait for it and pay the price, when it comes."'

"Right you are,"laughed Ethel Barton. "Cecil is forever

in some good man's shadow. time, isn't it? 'What Emerson—this

will you have?'quoth God, 'pay for it and take it.'I think she is

fonder of the men who have become great and gone to heaven, than she is of the poor fellows struggling along here in the earth."

1013 A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE

"Oh, I don't object to a man in a book,"confirmed Cecil, "they don't have to be fed nor fussed over every half hour in the day. But when I undertake to cook for a reality, and do his

washing, and mending, and housekeeping, and raise soldiers and me, I intend to looksenators for him, as a side issue,—believe

into his financial affairs first."

"Yes,"drawled Florence Lindsay, "but if you find a man who is wealthv and handsome, take my word for it, he'll be mean and grouchy."

"I don't know,"mused Cecil, "but I think if one should look long enough, and hard enough, the thing is possible. I really do

1 elive we can get almost anything we desire in life, if we are willing to pay the price."

"Yes, but the thines that we want the most are generally too expensive,"remarked Florence Lindsay.

"Then you don't want them very badly,"asserted Cecil.

"Anything that isn't worth paying for, isn't worth having."

For a moment there was silence in the room, and all seemed to be intent upon their work. The Girls'Literary Club had held

their meeting at Florence Lindsay's home. Having been previonslv invited to remain to supper, they had supplied themselves

with art needle work and were spending the intervening time between literary work and supper in pleasant work and a little jolly gossip.

Ethel Barton broke the silence. "Well, Florence,"she said,

sweetlv, "let us not turn this into a Quakers'meeting. I'm getting sleepy."

"T was trying to tell you about our new professor,"Florence replied, "but Cecil interrupted me with her extravagant notions of marriage."

"I humbly beg your pardon,"said Cecil, in mock gravity.

"I am indeed full of regrets to know that T spoiled so good a story. By all means continue the tale of woe."

"Yes, indeed, we all want to hear more about him,"urged several of the girls.

"And if Cecil interrupts you again,"suggested Ethel Barton, "we shall appoint a sergeantat-arms to escort her to the front porch until the story is finished."

"I shall be as dumb as a deaf hermit,"vowed Cecil, nonsensically, at the same time placing her fingers over her lips with studied seriousness.

"Is he handsome?""How old is he?""Where is he

from?""Is he married?""Is he sweet tempered or is he

grouchy?"And thus the girls babbled on, asking questions too

rapidly to be answered, until Ethel Barton interrupted them with, "Ladies. T believe Florence Lindsav ha tine floor. The chair

will now hear from Miss Lindsay."And without further con1014 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sideration Florence continued her report of the new professor.

"Of course he is unmarried,"remarked Florence, "or I should not be telling you anything about him. He isn't as young

and handsome as some men I have known, but he is altogether lovely. I am sure you will all admire him as soon as you see

him. He is rather quiet and serious and tender and kind and

can't tell just how he is, only he is just right. When youwell—I

are around where he is you feel as if you had to be awfully nice and sweet and quiet. He is so different from most men, that

one is almost tempted to fall in love with him at first sight."

"I'm afraid,"drawled Cecil Miller, in an aggravating tone, "that the sergeantat-arms will have to escort me to the front porch."Ethel Barton, who had assumed the responsibility of chairman arose quietly and with mock dignity appointed a sergeantat-arms to escort Cecil to the porch. After a little more nonsense and

laughter Florence continued "Of course, Mr. Gordon doesn't belong to our church; indeed, I do not think he belongs to anv church, judging from t % e

way he spoke to father last night. But I'm sure he's a perfect

gentleman and mother says you can tell from his looks that he is a good man. Anyway, girls, I'm sure you will think he is the

nicest fellow you ever met, when you do see him."

"Has the tale ended?"called Cecil from the porch. "I've

lost n-ry thimble and I shall have to come in to find it."

"I guess that's the end, Cecil, for I can hear mother and

Louise calling the boys to supper,"answered Florence.

Just then Mrs. Lindsay appeared in the doorway, and embroidery hooks and bits of work were hurriedly tucked into

leather bags as the girls arose and stretched themselves and peeped into the several mirrors about the room to adjust their combs and curls.

"Where is Mr. Gordon?"asked Father Lindsay, as they all

seated themselves at the table.

"He went down by the river for a drive, after school,"answered Mrs. Lindsay, "and he has not yet returned."

"He said he would be back in an hour,"muttered Florence, impatiently.

"You ought to have told him that Floss had company, Ma, and probably he'd have made it in time for supper,"suggested

Mr. Lindsay, jokingly.

"It is certainly too bad you didn't tell him, Mrs. Lindsay,"

said Cecil, mischievously. "I'm afraid we're all so disappointed

that we shall not be able to eat any suoper,"whereupon she assisted herself to a generous helping of chicken.

"Oh well, he will be here before the girls leave, anyway,"spoke Mrs. Lindsay assuringly.

1015 A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE

They all laughed and chatted and ate heartily, as girls usually ( 1 o at a good oldfashioned country supper; but although tve meal

was somewhat prolonged Mrs. Lindsay's new boarder did not

appear. And shortly after supper the girls returned home laughing and chattering and joking half seriously about their disappointment at not meeting the new professor.

The girls had all gone except Ethel Barton. She lived two

miles out of town and could not go until her brother called for her. And as the minutes lengthened into half hours she became

more and more impatient.

"Something must be wrong,"she ejaculated. "If he isn't

here soon I shall not wait. It will not take me long to walk out

home.""You couldn't think of walking tonight, Ethel,"objected Mr.

Lindsay. "The wind is blowing and I'm afraid it's going to be

a pretty rough night. If George doesn't get here soon, you'll

have to wait till Gordon comes with the horse and let Parley take you out.""Oh, I cannot wait much longer,"said Ethel, emphatically.

dark, anyway.""I would sooner walk than to drive—after

The truth of the matter was, Ethel did not fear the drive as much as she feared that Gordon would arrive and find her still there, waiting to meet him, as it were. The thought maddened

her; he must not see her tonight. She did not want to meet him.

But before Mr. Gordon reached the place a neighbor called

in to say that Ned Barton had had an accident and would not be coming for his sister.

"I knew something was wrong,"reiterated Ethel. "Is it anything serious, Mr. Johnson?"

"I do not think so,"he said, assuringly. "I didn't see Ned.

Your father said he'd had a little accident and could not come for you tonight. And he asked me to call and tell you."

The Lindsays insisted on Ethel remaining over night, but she positively refused.

"No,"she said, "Aunt Lucy doesn't feel well, and now that

Ned is hurt she will need me. Besides, I could not content myself

to stay without knowing more about the accident.

In her sympathy for her brother, Ethel had forgotten Mr.

Gordon, but even as they spoke she heard the wheels of a vehicle r1 rnme.in the back yard and she knew that at \net f h

Mr. Lindsay heard the wheels, too, and he called to Air. Gordon not to unhitch, as they wished to use the horse.

r as a pause and all was quiet, save a Eor a moment there w little flutter of dishes in the kitchen, as Mrs. Lindsay prepared the

table for her boarder. And then Ethel Barton stood face to face

with Prof. Eueene Gordon.

1016 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Of course, a formal introduction was made and some commonplace things were said, none of which Ethel remembered.

As for Gordon, he only knew that he had met a pure, beautiful woman. He heard Mr. Lindsay's explanations as to Ethel's

predicament and at once settled all difficulties by emphatically announcing that he would drive out to Miss Barton's with her.

He had been to supper, so they immediately departed. Gordon

tried to be an agreeable companion, but they were both in a meditative frame of mind, and so conversation lagged. And more

than once they found themselves silently watching the stars and listening to the wind as it rushed through the trees along the lane and galloped across the open fields in high glee.

When she thanked him at the door for his kindness, he said the pleasure was all his, and he hoped she would some dav let him come in daylight so he could see her pretty home to advantage.

"Tt is beautiful in daylight,"she replied lookingat te hedge and the vine tangled porch, "and we shall all be glad to have you come when you wish."

And although they were both thinking about it, neither of them mentioned the fact that Prof. Gordon had already seen her

home in daylight.

"I must not keep you from your brother,"he finallv said.

"I know you are anxious to be with him."He took her hand

lightly in his and bowed low,—for a moment she feared he was

going to kiss her hand,—but no, he had raised his hat and was

moving gracefully towards the gate. For a moment she contemplated his fine, symmetrical figure, his polished manners, his deep

soft prcer-K his cultured face, his soft white i-1c -,.i-,n jn k.

fore her. lounging on the porch steps she could see a big, plain

man. 'Had a hair first one this summer,"he was saycut—the

ing—and again—"If I were only a boy of ten."

Ethel did not hear the front pte nn-n shut nr ri; r1 she hear

the sound of a horse's hoofs as Prof. Gordon drove down the

long lane and out into the public road. She was held in the

power of the divine touch. And all the sweetness of her fresh

young womanhood went out to the man, who in memory, was reverently kissing her hands. She could not measure his manhood by his beauty, his polished manners, nor his cultured speech;

for his was the manliness of virtue, of reverence, of power.

Although Ned Barton was not seriously in hired, still he was badly bruised, and was compelled to keep to his bed for several weeks. But braveharted Ethel Barton made no comoUint. She

remained at home quietly, nursing her brother, assisting Aunt

Lucv. her stenmother. and comforting and helning her father

and her younger brothers and sisters. And all the while her

heart was full of glad dreams and happy plans for the future Tt

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 1017

was during those longautumn days at home that her father and stepmother told her of her dear, dead mother, who had passed away while Ethel was but a baby; and of her early life with her

grandmother; and of many other experiences of which she had

never before spoken freely with them. And although her time

was so completely occupied with her home folks and home duties, still she did not complain. She would often tell Ned, jokingly,

that it was a good thing he had been ill for a while, for it had given them all an opportunity of becoming acquainted, for the 1 "firc t time in their lives. She had been to town onlv a few t"

but she had met Prof. Gordon on almost every occasion. Once

he hid sent a roll of magazines out to her father, again he had loaned her a choice book, and at their last meeting, he had insisted on her taking out some new musical selections, which he wanted her to assist him in presenting in a schoolconcert, later in the vear. All of these little courtesies coming from a man of his

type and standing in the community gave Ethel a keen sense of pleasure. And although town gossip had informed her that he

was the avowed escort of Florence Lindsay, still she felt a little thrill of triumph when he repeatedly bestowed his little remembrances upon her.

Finally, however, Ned was himself again, and Ethel's usual pleasures and duties were taken up with fresh enthusiasm. She

and Ned had been invited to an evening social at the home of Ce'l

Miller and she had been requested to bring her music. She was

carefully selecting a few titles she thought most appropriate for the eveninp", when Ned came bounding in from school.

"Here's a letter from Willard Tavlor,"he announced; "shall

T read it first?"

"No. thank you,"she smiled, "I think I can find time to read

it myself."She took the letter from his hand and smiled again

as she recognized the plain, but still handwriting—strong and

somewhat of a scrawl. Tt was a jolly school letter, telling of his

work and his fun and asking all about the affairs at home. At

supper time she read it aloud to the save the post family—allscript—that was sacred to her, for it read,—"Don't forget that

night under the harvest moon."

, Thev were a little hte for the oarty but Cecil greeted them heartilv as she met them in the hall.

"I am so glad you have come. We were afraid you were not

coming: and we have been needing von so badly."

"You are not going to put me to work so soon, are you?"

laughed Ethel.

"I shall have to,"persisted Cecil in desperation. "Neither

Lucy nor Georsre are here yet. and Florence brought onlv one

piece of music."

1018 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Oh, you're a treasure, Ethel!"she ejaculated, picking up

the scroll of music that Ethel had tucked behind a potted palm.

"I knew you wouldn't fail me."

The guests greeted Ethel cordially and at once began bombarding her with jests, for her long absence from them.

"You need not desert us completely,"teased Fred Brown, "just because Willard Taylor has."

"You can see that she's guilty,"added another, not giving her time to answer.

"Yes, I'm guilty of anything, everything, only, don't all attack me at once,"laughed Ethel, glad to hide her blushes under the pretext of confusion.

When they were quiet Roy Hardy asked in an exasperating tone, "Well, Ethel, how is Willard, anyway?"

"He is feeling fine and enjoying his work,"'he said in an unconcerned tone; "I had a letter 'from him today."

Prof. Gordon moved uneasily in his chair. Florence Lindsay

noticed it with a little pang of bitterness. But she lifted herself

to the occasion and asked Ethel to sing for them. Ethel was glad

to turn their thoughts to other channels, for it pained her to hear

Willard's name spoken so lightly by her friends. He was not

just the comrade of old; for she could never again forget that

night under the harvest moon.

But she played and sang and acted like her dear, charming self, and no one knew that pretty Ethel Barton had found a new world.

Prof. Gordon entered into the games cheerfully but he was

somewhat more reserved and quiet than usual.

Cecil Miller was a charming hostess and as usual was refreshingly humorous. After serving delicious refreshments she insisted on her guests remaining for a few games she had provided.

Ethel begged to be excused as she had promised to bring

Ned home early, and Prof. Gordon declined to play, saying he

would watch the games. But as soon as Ethel left the room the

games lost their interest for him, and he went in search of her.

He found her in the dining room waiting for her brother to finish a game of checkers with Frank Miller.

"Miss Barton,"he said, lightly touching her arm, "you are nt going home, now?"

'As soon as Ned finishes this game,"she reolied, pleasantlv.

1 mUSt Speak with you one moment first,"he whispered'mt-u int0 Dr - Miner's study for just a moment?"<UU kmdIy step

Yes,"she replied, and under the spell of his magnetic personality, she turned and followed him into the study. "

Lltt!e woman,"he said, gravely, as soon as they were alone

in the room, "how long are you going to make me wait for that promised visit with vou at vour home?"

1019 A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE

"It is you who is waiting,"she laughed. "I told you long

ago you might come."

"That was whsn your brother was ill. That wis an age ago."

Ethel smiled but moved uneasily toward the door.

"If it is not impertinent, Miss Barton,"lie pursued, "there is one question I would like to ask you before I come."

"Certainly, Prof. Gordon."

"Who is Willard Taylor?"

Ethel's heart fluttered at his unexpected question, but she calmly replied little girl of "My school fellow and comrade since I was a ten.""And where is he, now?"

"He is away this winter,"she said simply, "attending school."

"And now,"he said, with a satisfied smile, "if you forgive my inquisitiveness, I'm going to make that date."

Ethel turned, half uneasily, toward the door.

"Yes, Miss Barton,"he preceded her, "you must go now.

And you will let me come out to your home to see you?"

"We shall be glad to see you."

"And you will not mind if I come soon?"

"No.""Very soon?"

"Tomorrow, if you like."

"Thank you, little woman, and God bless you,"he said "good night.""

He was holding her hand, and looking tenderly into her eyes.

"Good night,"she said.

And then Prof. Gordon joined the guests in the reception

room and Ethel Barton rode home with her brother under the radiant moon, in the cold, beautiful night.

II—The Price of Truth

A feeling of sincere friendship and tender sympathy was established between Ethel Barton and Prof. Gordon; and during

the remainder of the winter the little god of love held their destinies in the scales of prudence and conventionality. But when

eaorieious spring came, bounding into he'- heritage, ch not onlv laughed the hoary winter out of countenance, and set the world atretnMe and ablaze, but she also turned the gray mists into roecolored veils of beauty and filled the atmosphere with sweet odors and glad music. The life of the earth was resurrected from its

long deathlike slumber; and out of the fulness of the rosy dawn,

Cupid glinted his shafts anew and began his play of casting, with as much iovous gu cto ns if h'gfpme were a new as the earlv dawn instead of being: as old as the acres. And the affairs of

1020 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lovers became romantic and fascinating and, sometimes, almost tragic. There were school parties, and class parties, and outof-

door socials, and canyon excursions; until old and young almost

wearied of entertainments. The days were 'made to order,"until

one moring spring grew freakish, and, forgetting all her gentl manners, greeted the lilttle village with a frowning countenance followed hv a drenching of tears. Mud, of course, was the aftermath. Mud, sticky and black and deep in all the country roads

and lanes and hollows. It was the darkest, muddiest night of

the season, when the Ladies'Literary Club came straggling into

Cecil Miller's home to complete their preparations for the reception to the district school teachers. Out at her home Ethel Barton waited with impatience for the sound of wheels on the graveled walk. More than once she walked out on the porch and

peered into the darkness and listened. She could hear the drinping rain as a little gust of wind shook the wet trees; that was all.

It was past the hour set for the party to begin. She must

not, she could not, disappoint the girls. So, donning a <torm coat

P--1-1 hig 1"i-tooned rubbers, sh started out alone in the rinrVnc \ walk to town. As soon as she left the protection of the trees and

entered the open road, a gust of wind caught at her skirts and tossed her scarf in a tangle about her face. For a moment she

hesitated, and then plunged forward again with determination, into the mud and the darkness. Before she reached the end of

the long lane her skirts were decorated in mud, her hair was in somewhat of a tangle and her spirits were extremery ruffled.

And then she heard carriage wheels in the distance. Could it be

that her escort had come from the town road and called for her at that late hour, only to find that she had gone? For a moment

she hesitated in chagrin, wondering what to do or sav. And then

the carriage had overtaken her and she recognized Willard Tavlor's voice as he called out, "Good evening! Going into town?"

"That is what I have been foolish enough to attempt,"she replied, laughing to hide her embarrassment.

"Oh, is that you, Ethel?"continued Willard. who had, in

turn, recognized her voice. "Wait a moment and I'll drive across

that pool, so vou can get in more easily,"he said, taking it for granted that she would accept a chance to ride into town. Without further questions he assisted her into the carriage, and carefully arranged the robes about her, to protect her from the mud.

Then extending his hand, he said, "Now shake hands with me, little girl, and tell me what in the world you are doing out here alone on such a night."

"I don't know, Willard, unless I came out to welcome vou 1"<= r voire.home."She tried to langdi but it sounded bk n c o in

so she gave it up. It would be so easy to cry and tell him all

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENS1 1021 about it. He was still holding her hand as they drove on in the

darkness. "Well, girlie,"he laughed, "if you came out to welcome me home, I must not scold you. I'll call for you next time, and see

that you do not get so muddy."

Ethel wanted to cry more than ever, but she could not tell him, now. Besides, she could not forget that vivid, handsome

face that she had been watching and obeying for so many weeks.

Where was Prof. Gordon? Her heart was in a tumult.

"I am on my way to Cecil Miller's,"Willard explained, "and

I came this way to avoid that bad lane in front of Wilson's. I

suppose you are going to Cecil's aren't you?"he asked.

"Yes,"replied Ethel, "I am. And I am indeed glad that you

happened to come this way. I was about to give up, in sheer

desperation, and go back home. I had no idea the roads were so

bad, or I should never have attempted to walk."

"It certainly is not very pleasant walking tonight,"he consented. And then he proceeded to tell Ethel of some amusing

incidents connected with the storm. "I would have called for

you,"he said, "but I thought, of course, you would be gone by this hour."

More than once during the ride Willard wondered what had induced Ethel to walk in to town alone on such a night. But he

was too much of a gentleman to either twit or question her concerning the matter. In fact, he avoided mentioning the episode,

and put Ethel entirely at her ease by keeping up a pleasant and somewhat humorous conversation, during the entire drive. Ethel

had laughed herself into a cheerful mood and had almost forgotten the condition of her hair and her skirts, when they drove up to Miller's long, low porch just in time to see Prof. Gordon assisting Florence Lindsay from his vehicle.

Willard greeted Florence cordially and stood waiting.

Ethel hastily forgot her own embarrassment and presented

Willard to Prof. Gordon. They exchanged greetings, and the

four young people entered the house in a group; each one smiling

and pretending to be entirely at ease, and each one hiding a question mark in his heart.

No opportunity for explanation was afforded during the evening, and when, at the close of the party, the guests began to depart, Willard Taylor and Eugene Gordon assisted their ladies into their wraps and their carriages as gracefully and as gallantly as if each were escorting the lady of his choice, according to arrangement.

I Of course, Ethel Barton did not know that Prof. Gordon ha

been unavoidably detained in town until a late hour; that, as a

matter of courtesy, he had invited Florence Lindsay to ride over to Cecil Miller's with him; and that he was on his way to her

1022 IMPROVEMENT ERA

home when he met her in company with Willard Taylor at

Miller's back porch. Neither did Prof. Gordon know why Ethel

had come to the party with another escort instead of waiting for him. And he did not feel free to seek or make an explanation.

To add to the difficulty, Ethel accepted more than one invitation from Willard Taylor to attend socials and entertainments. She

was obligated to attend the entertainments, to assist with the musical numbers of the program; and, of course, she could not go

without an escort. And so the tangle in their skein of love grew

more intricate from day to day. And not until the day of the

canyon excursion, did Gordon muster sufficient courage to demand an explanation.

It was late in the afternoon. All day long Willard Taylor

had assiduously devoted himself to Ethel Barton. He had assisted her in the rugged climb up the mountain, in order that she

might secure a better view of the canyon. He had hunted and

carried her specimens and souvenirs of the trip. He had helped

to prepare the noon luncheon and to arrange a cozy corner among the pines where the ladies might rest while the boys were fishing.

And even now, he was making his way into a deep ravine in search of a cool spring, in order that he might secure her a refreshing drink of water.

Ethel stood alone amid a little clump of trees, leaning against a half fallen quakingasp. Her face wore a sad expression and

there was a spirit of dejection in her very attitude. For the first

time during the day she had permitted herself to remember the bitterness in her own heart. She had hoped that Prof. Gordon

would find an opportunity during the day to make some explanation of his actions during the past week. Now the day was

almost at the close and he had spoken no word nor had he made any attempt at reconciliation. Perhaps, after all, he did not care.

And she had been foolish enough to think he really cared for her.

Her fingers trembled as she pulled the leaves from a little branch near by. Her face was drawn with pain and her serious eyes were

bright with unshed tears. She heard a step behind her, but she

did not look up. Her heart told her who was near. And when

she heard a deep, tender voice speak her name she tried to smile and answer pleasantly; but a sob was in her voice and a tear was

on her white cheek.

"I am so glad I have found you alone,"said Eugene Gordon, in a low, earnest tone. "I have been trying, all day, to speak with

you. Ethel Barton, little girl of mine, tell me what is the matter.

Surely, this is all a mistake. You have not purposely put me

aside for this old friend, have you?"He, too, was leaning against

the tree. She could feel his breath on her cheek and she knew

that earnest eyes were searching her face for his answer,. but she

could not look into his face.

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 1023

"It is all a mistake,"he whispered, confusedly. "1 am sure

it is all a mistake."

He lowered his voice and for a moment his strong, warm nan 1 clasped her trembling fingers.

"Some one is coming from the ravine,"he said. ''We haven't

time for an explanation, now; hut yon must smile once and i 11

me it is all right, before I go. Yon understand, don't you, little

woman?"Their eyes met in one long understanding glance. Ethel

smiled through her tears into his earnest, happy face. "It is all

right,"she whispered, "I understand."

Because of his faithful, diligent services during the winter, the students and school trustees were giving Prof. Gordon a farewell party and banquet at the home of Mr. Lindsay. The Ladies'

Literary Club had kindly consented to prepare the banquet. It

was the night before the party. Every preparation was as nearly

complete as was possible at that time.

Ethel Barton, who had been assisting the Literary Club during the afternoon, walked home alone in the early dusk, with a heart full of happy anticipations. Only once since the canyon

excursion had she seen Prof. Gordon; but the sincere kindliness

of his greeting at that time had reassured her. Again an 1 ugiin

she recalled the little incident at the ravine.

The only thing that saddened her was the thought of Willard

Taylor. He had never expressed any sentiments other than

friendship for her. But she could not forget that night under the

harvest moon. Of course, he had always been h r I) -t iv'wn 1

and she owed him her confidence. More than once she tried to

tell him, but the words caught in her throat and her parched lips refused to utter them. Willard was so clean, and generous and

sincere, and she had loved him so long; it was hard to give him

pain. But this new friend, this charming, magnetic gentleman

could not be denied. He was so strong, so compelling and yet

so gentle and persuasive that he had won her heart before she r-alized it. He had created a new heaven and a n w earth for

her. There was a light spring to her steps as she hurried along

in the twilight. Her heart was singing the glad song of youth,

the song of hope, and love, satisfaction.

"Every one must be away from home,"she mused as she opened the front gate. Everything was so quiet. But on entering the diningroom, she discovered her father sitting by the window alone in the twilight. He greeted her kindly, as usual, and

explained that the other members of the family were away spending the evening.

"Why did you not go with them, father?"she asked, coming

over to him at "once and caressing his hair. "Aren't yon well?"

1024 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Oh, yes; I'm all right,"he assured her, "just a little weary

is all. Besides, my girl, I've been wanting to have a talk with

you for a long time; and I thought tonight would be a good

chance."if someone had A strange fear crept into Ethel's breast, as suddenly pressed a cold hand upon her heart. The serene, hopeful song in her bosom died away, faint and fearful; and her being

was filled with a sort of wild apprehension, a prophetic fear of some calamity that was just ahead, some ordeal she would have to meet. But she summoned all her fortitude, and with a prayer

in her heart that God would help her to do the thing that he desired her to do, she drew a chair up beside her father and seated herself calmly.

"Shall 1 bring a light, papa, or shall we sit here in the twilight?"she asked quietly.

"Never mind the light, my girl,"he replied. "I can think

better in the dusk, and probably I can talk better, too. There's a

good many things I want to say to you, Ethel, and I've been thinking of late that maybe I had better -say them right away, before it is too late."And then he sat silent again, silent for so long a

time that the stillness became oppressive.

"Ethel, my little girl,"he said, at last, "I want to ask you a question.""Yes, papa, what is it?"

"Is this young professor, this Gordon, serious in his attentions to you?"

For a moment Ethel did not reply, and her father continued, "I mean, my girl, has he told you of his regard for you; has he

spoken to you of marriage?"

"No, indeed, papa!"was her quick reply.

"I am very glad to know I have spoken in time,"continued her father. "Maybe I am mistaken, but it has seemed to me, for

some time now, that Gordon is rather serious in his attentions to you. As I say, Ethel, maybe I am mistaken. I hope I am. I

hope, too, my girl, that you have not been so foolish as to become infatuated with a man of whose life and character you know so little. But whatever your feelings are, I am sure I can depend

upon you to do what is right. You will not deceive me, will you,

my girl?""No father, I shall not deceive you."Her voice was hoarse

w itli emotion and she felt grateful for the sheltering darkness.

"I have a story to tell you, Ethel; the story of your birthright. I should have told you long ago, but perhaps I am not too

late, even now."Again Mr. Barton sat very still for a long time,

then he began slowly "It takes a good deal of courage for a man to give up a beautiful little home, his relatives, and his friends; and journey

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 1025

wtih his little family into the wilderness, into a land that lie knows is inhabited only by savage Indians and wild animals.

But that's what your grandfather Bennett did, my girl. And

his little family never wavered in their determination to go with him. Your grandmother was a heroine by birth. Her ancestors

were among the early settlers of America; and she was as proud

of her courage and her blue blood, as women are now-a-days of their jewels and fine clothes and their pretty faces. 'Jim Bennett,'

she said, 'you are not strong, you are not able to make that hard trip alone. But we'll go with you and stay by you and help you

over the hard places.'And so, with a smile on their lips and a

prayer in their hearts, they turned their faces toward the setting sun; and with unfaltering steps, began their journey into the

great unknown West. And like the Israelites of old, they went

their way uncomplaining, nor did they look back to the treasures they had left behind. When your grandfather fell ill, your grandmother's faith and zeal were increased. Long miles she trudged

across the barren waste singing, and cheering her companions on-

.ward. And when in the quiet evening of one long, 1 > - i lv dv

your grandfather's spirit took its flight, she bowed down beneath her burden of sorrow, but she never wavered in her faith or her courage to go forward. She watched in silence while his body

was concealed in an unmarked grave. And she uttered no cry

c f r ctwhm a fire was built on the snot to further obliterate his h ing place. 'God help me! God help me!'was all the white lips

uttered as the charred grave faded from view in the distance and flip wagon train wound on across the graw nameless nrairie. nd

through the long years of hardships and trial that followed, she remained faithful to God's people and to His cause. She made

her home a place of good cheer and she never failed in her words and work of comfort and consolation to those who were in need.

With such a parent, it is no wonder that vonr mother came into her heritage, as a daughter in Israel, with a happy heart and a hopeful spirit. Her very life was a bright sunbeam. The gospel

seemed to be a part of her being. And she never hesitated in fulfilling any call that it brought to her. 'I thank God for my birthright,'she would say, 'and I do pray that I may never be disinherited.'I shall never forget how beautiful and happy she looked

T oH |on our wedding day as we ent red tlv House of {'united. 'It is the dream of all my days,'she said. And I cannot

tell you of the long, happy days that followed. Often and often

it was alot ton good to be true. There waswe would 9iv tW

but one thing that marred the happiness of our dear little home.

s: 1 1 childless. ThenWe had been married three vears -md we were

one glad dav my little sweetheart crept into my arms and whimpered the secret to me that completed our jov. God had answered our prayers; a child was to be given us."

1026 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Her father paused in his story and a little sigh escaped

Ethel's lips. He took her hand tenderly in his and continued

"You can never know how happy it made us, little girl.

Through the long days your mother was busy making things ready for your coming. And the evenings were happier than they had

ever been before. Then came a call for me to go away and preach

the gospel. At first, I hesitated. Perhaps it would be better

for me to wait, I thought. But your mother was a little saint,

through and through, and she would not listen to such a thing.

She said God would take care of her and I must have faith enough to leave her in his charge. So, with many misgivings and with

somewhat of a sad heart, I kissed my noble little wife good bye and went out into the world to carry the message of truth to the children of men. The waiting days were long, anxious ones to

me; but the cheerful, happy letters of my loved one reassured me,

and helped me to do mv work faithfullv and well. Then, one

day, came the long lookedfor letter, which filled my heart with untold happiness. It was all over. My dear, brave wife had

passed through the wonderful experience of becoming a mother.

God had blessed us with a little daughter. I was a father. Just

what joy and hope and ambitions that gave me, you cannot know.

For a while I could hardly content myself with my work. I

wanted to fly home to my wife and baby. But I knew she would

not welcome me until I had completed my work and, therefore. I

compelled myself to be satisfied, and I continued my labors with

1a new hope and energy. Finally, my mission was almost finish'

Tn a few more weeks I would see my wife and baby. Then came

a message for me to come home immediately. My dear one was

not expected to live. We could not travel in those days as quickly

as we can today. But I went with the greatest haste possible.

And only God knows what suspense I suffered during those long hours. I reached home in time to say good bye before her sweet

spirit took its flight. 'Good bye,'she said. 'God bless you! Take

care of our little one. Teach her to love her birthright as I have

loved mine.'And then she was gone."

When he could speak apini. he said. "Your mother's in ni"

was Ethel. You are so much like her. You have been the comfort

of my life and I must not lose you. The gospel has cost us the

life of two brave, sweet souls. And vet it is still the light of my

life and yours. You are a daughter in Israel. Tell, me, my girl,

are you going to be true to your birthright?"

Ethel rose pale and trembling. For a moment she looked into

her father's eyes earnestly, and then she stooped and kissed his lios. "Yes. father."she whio o red. hoarslv\ "no matter what it

may cost me, I shall be true to mv birthright."

There was a sound of wheels on the graveled walk. "Goodnight,"she added, tenderlv, "G-d bless you.""Peace be with you.

A RIGHTEOUS WOMAN'S RECOMPENSE 1027 my girl,"was all he said, as she fled to her room, in time to avoid greeting the home folks as they came noisily into the house.

Clad in a soft, becoming gown, Ethel sat alone in the twilight, idly fingering the keys of the piano. A little breeze, heavy with

te swe t odor of lilacs and apple blossoms, ruffled the white curtain at the open window. From the luxuriant lilac hedge came the

chirp of a night bird calling to his mate; while out of a cluster of

pink peach blossoms a muffled twitter sounded in reply. Ethel

sat quiet for a moment and listened. Then, for the fourth time,

she stepped out onto the front porch and peered into the gathering dusk. She waited, and listened, and looked again, and a little sigh

of disappointment escaped her lips. The old garden was vibrating

with life and love and fragrance and beauty. But her heart was

too heavy to answer nature's challenge of gladness.

Tomorrow, Eugene Gordon would leave the little town. And

he had not yet come to make the explanation he had promised.

Ethel did not attend the social given by the students and trustees in his honor. Her father was ill and she had tried to make herself

believe that his illness had kept her at home. But in her heart she

knew that it was the fear of meeting Prof. Gordon that had kept

her away from him. Her mother's dying wish for her was burning itself into her very soul. She had made a sacred promise to

her father to fulfil that wish. And she feared lest she should not

be strong enough to keep that promise. Until tonight, she had

avoided meeting Prof. Gordon. But now that the time of departure had come, she felt that she could not let him go without

saying good bve. Her soul was filled with an intense desire that

was little short of madness. She must look upon his face again,

she must hear him whisper her name, she must touch his hand once more. Then, she would say good bye forever, he would go

out of her life, and she would try to forget.

She was too uneasy to remain quietly indoors; and yet the

sweet incense of the spring night almost stifled her, and the loveladen messages from bird throat to bird throat, mocked her own loneliness and despair.

It was growing dark. The fruit blossoms were already hidden

in the dusky foliage, and the path down the shadowy lane was too uncertain to be watched any longer. Would he not come, after

all? Had she looked upon his face for the last time? No, she

would tolerate no such disappointment. The very intensity of her

desire to see him must bring him to her. She tried to reassure

herself by claying a tender little snatch of a song, but her finger*:

lost themselves and the notes drawled out in a lone discord. And

then she heard a footstep on the graveled walk and her heart stood still. For one sacred moment she dropped her white face into her

hands. ''God help me."she breathed devoutly. "God help me!

1028 'IMPROVEMENT ERA

Amen."The next moment she answered the light rap on the

door with a pleasant "Good evening, Prof. Gordon, come in!"

"You would not come to me,"he said, smiling, as he took her say good bye,"he added,hand, "and so I have come to you—to

after a little pause.

"I am sorry, Prof. Gordon,"she said, earnestly, "that I could

not attend the party given for you."

"Then you knew, and were not there,"he said, disappointment sounding in every tone.

"My father is ill,"was her quiet reply.

This bit of information put them on open friendship terms again, for Gordon was exceptionally fond of Ethel's father. Ethel

invited him to her father's room and Mr. Barton greeted him cordially. The short, cheerful interview that followed made them

all feel happier.

Later in the evening they strolled out through the old garden and sat on a rustic seat beneath the flowering fruit tre. T1 i"

white moon beams filtered through the sweet scented branches, and the rustle of the evening breeze showered fragrant pcth i"the grass at their feet. They spoke of Prof. Gordon's work and

his students; and, of their childhood days and their present ambitions. And under the magic spell of the night Ethel forgot the

proprieties of time and place, and she felt half ashamed that Prof.

Gordon found it necessary to remind her of such conventionalities.

"I must go now, little girl,"he said, "I am afraid I have already kept you out later than I should. But before I say goodbye, girl of mine, I must tell you what has brought me to you tonight. I have come to tell you life's sweetest story. Ethel Barton,

lilttle woman,"he whispered, "I love you as I have never loved any woman before."

Ethel could feel his strong hands clasping her own firmly.

His warm breath was on her cheek and his earnest gaze was searching her face. But she did not move nor speak.

"Look into my eves, Ethel,"he continued earnestly, "tell me you understand; girl of mine. You will wait for me? Yon

will be true to me? You will be my own sweet wife, someday?"

Ethel started, and drew back, as if suddenly awakened from a dream. "Oh, no, no, no! Prof. Gordon, you must not say the words,

you must not."

"Ethel Barton,"he exclaimed, with white lips, "Ethel Barton, soul of my soul, you have not deceived me? no! You shall

not deceive me. You do love me, little woman. Tell me, you

do love me."

"Better than all the world."she whisoered hoarselv. For

one brief moment she was held close to Prof. Gordon's heart, his

lips met hers. Then with a great effort, she drew herself away.

A RIGHTEOl S WOMAN'S RECOMPENS1 L029

"No, no, no!"she repeated. "You must not. You must not.

I can never, never be your wife."

"What is it, Ethel, my girl? I have never deceived you,

Yon may look into mv past. I have kept myself clean and honorable before men. What is it?"he demanded. "I cannot understand."

"It is this,"she said, firmly and quietly, "we are treading two different paths, and they are paths that will never meet."

"You mean,"he hesitated, "you mean your religion?"

"I mean my religion."

For a moment Prof. Gordon stood silent; then drawing her

hand through his arm, he said quietly.

"I must take you to the house, now."

In silence they walked to the front porch, in silence she passed him his hat.

"I must go,"he said. "I need not ask you to wait for me.

I need not ask you to be true to me. A woman who is as true to

her religion as you are to yours, cannot be false to her heart or to her honor. Someday, little girl, I may find the path you are treading. If I do, I shall come back to you. If I do not return, you

may think of me as a poor, lone wanderer. And, sometimes, you

may ask God to help me find the way. ("mod bye,"he added,

"God bless you."

"Good bye,"she whispered, "I shall pray for you, always."

And then, taking her hands in his. he stooped and kissed them

reverently.

Ethel watched him depart, in agony of spirit.

Then a startled cry almost escaped her lips.

She remembered the divine touch. She remembered that

night under the harvest moon.

("The Heart of a Woman,""Redeeming a Pledge,"and "Com

;pensation"are the three remaining chapters of this fascinatin

that will be continued in the October Era).

Lines I Wrote to Myself

"We are what we are, and not what we think we are."

Mirror yourself. Do not think you are right in every action.

Take corrections. Humble yourself and ask God to help you

see yourself as you are, to help you overcome your weaknesses.

little man will try tobig man will acknowledge his error. A

1justify his mistakes. We will receive the salvation we earn an

no more. Tosepii onS. Peery.

Anthem"! Saw Another Angel Fly"

Words by Mary F. Kelly Music by C. J. Thomas

M. M.—8O

&- 0-V0 -—SB—,--F-1—--Fh2N

0-00ff

:1=1=F=-4:=*: -S-e 0--S,-

Bass solo. Eecit.

;J2-—————i—N—A-F-1-—*- j?-—-##-F#-

And I saw another angel fly in the midst of heaven,

HBn 1 a*—S25i!-—1# 0-\ BE-1—(S-- H—;—E*—2—iw—000-

-: f>S-ir#-sr(::2-: p I I—

(St-#——*- 0-0-0-*—ix a-Fr-:|=t'-|;fc==*-3-*-K-#- =

having the everlasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on the earth

;f=3 -X- -# 0-

--H #-

f:q="-*—*: S 1 1031 "I SAW ANOTHER ANGEL FLY

and to every nation, and to every nation,

- H 1—|-J—I 1—- k -J-J #-—J—1 C<S

:2='I r- ] l-FFa—= En *——-Srf=i==:—f?-?-t--Y* Kh-Y.-=2—] i*

., -4—-#—q

saying with a loud \oice, Fear God, and give—d- d-d"-4 4 4 4 d"t d *.//'/. era -# #-

-H- d"

-fe v-fcfepSi S=P3E ipsglory to him, Fear God and give glory to him,

";- 3: 3 - *

=gz=*ircE:=gl*-.-=n

EE=fcE2=dEz=*z: =jfcd

Fear God and give glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is

1032 IMPROVEMENT ERA rit. ad lib.

-'-($> vvcome, for the hour of his judgment is come

:zf l-jr;t=t5E:

rit. ad lib. ff a tern.

r—

#L* # S -#- -?-J- V

B-li—> - # m V-0---0—- r I"s= t—r—rr-a-*-

CHORUS. Moderato

n—---

/ See the glorious angel fly - ing! With his voice he rends the

1 1= H;VZsr #1 1*- Pv——hi—-—1 Fl h \—-I m-——H*-—F—

l*1 1/ 1/? t—r-0 1-

sky, Loud proclaiming to the nations, Loud proclaiming to the

is

-fc- A—N--N=-\-r3

nations. Rise ye men of earth a - rise, Wake ye now, no longer

=-.-——r- F—f—F—#- -—r—F—

-tf=eEzzE==t7zzzzEE=J=-lt= F F y- "I SAW ANOTHER ANGEL FLY"1033

I -* -a I* * \ fc-r—

slumber, Hear the message that he brings. It will break your iron

* I, t p hrr 9—f 2 P7 -yic?—7——f—pb—u- p—"h—1-—*—

fetters; Hark the air with freedom rings, Hark the air with

g=N u IP ife?44ip=y=p=e(2-

y?=;E==r—=1= -N f1—d—PI7tA \ *—

|2i. T* rJ, j J **"

free dom rings. Hal - le - lu - jah, praise

1 M—h 1: ri

'- F- ZZLJE==bl:E J=j=*

him, Hallelujah, praise him,

.4ecowp. Accomp.

z==*z=z*==jz=*==p==Er=z*—*ty?—6, -==j=z l

Hal - le - lu - jah, praise him, Glory to his name.

N m *! d'+

=::=:J=FtE:=E=E=f= F I g"X J1;:=Fg=S!=EEEtEEE=EpE=:: d=—If"*

j j #

1034 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Andante. Soprano solo.

-f—0T-f -iizzzzpipzq: =*-:bg=*

Wor - ship the Cre - a tor, =P

.4wdae. p

* -* nJ?1=3=*=3eee3e*

liei=pp—laud his end - less fame, Now his arm he

J 1* *j* *F—*—* g 1*—*—j3—

- -—:s: q: 1 2 3

-*-- z=q::*=*: jt=3t -&-!--

eth judgment to pro - claim.

fcfc I * I:*:=q::*—3—- Ef

3—i- 3—i---

*—- f=fzfe&: -u-l y—c

Wicked men shall trem - ble, fear their hearts will! <—'i l—3—I——!—I—i—i—u i——\-4—| # iI—i—i—i-F—T-i—\—ftw—\w—F—I m—urn—\s.—1, j—+\v—i L——

&&F- =t p

"I SAW ANOTHER ANGEL FLY'1035

0 $ zL ""—jg—[--d"- pZZgi-p—fc—E

But unto the right - eous Sglrnd, ig 5-P—*—P=s--I—X- fcrp 1*—f—*=:

fz ff-f—-- s:tz=fcEEt== i

blessings doth he send, But unto the

1 I |"fiKS: 3——H "T''H ]r—iFm—4-J—i—I—i-uz i

*fc=- =ee5 t=t:Ni=]

right - eous blessiDgs doth he send.

Jt=3

gjE --J—fe;I3!es

Soprano 0 SfEE:fe==E=!1/ I

Strength in every sinew, Grace with wisdom blend,

Angels at his bidding Will their rights defend, 1036 IMPROVEMENT ERA Soprano. Alto.

jE3at=x. e 13 r—

Power in the priesthood, Life that hath no end.

Through e - ter - nal a - ges, Will his grace ex - tend.

n fe r r -J= K X -4--4-U-—4—-j-hfc= J 11

-—- -*—-*—*- iz==tei s-1

Soprano and Alto duet. j—j-KJ—F-—si

To the dead sal - va - tion, To the dead sal-

0-0—: %-h—\-0-0—[-\-0-0——F 0-0—F—mv&msmF——f zt=J=t:tzbizztzh=qz=:==z

1 1—*-m-\—i—tj-i—1:q=z=zzzp=p==F=lf—:#—I—'—l—l *--g—

=1: -=}?=gjb=jg= L =z==Eb==|=zE - L.

va - tion, By its heavenly rays,

'9-—- E5=p.=feM=:=tEEJ

ilr2--

He the gospel sendeth in an - cient

i r——i—i—#-i—#—Fi P——-*—F—'1——F+—C*!—-*F # h-—1—"i**—ft———t

1 1 | 1 P P—c P f n 5 #—*—F—p—F—I—p—p—f—f—

-0- * "I SAW ANOTHER ANGEL FLY'1037

*F 1—l-gl j.JL<i riiLZZz<:ig -r: # E.-z jJ

ii uJ i 'h. H #(=H=REHdHe the Gospel sendeth, as in ancient days.

—#—i—j=\ -St—'—1—r—-i—t—-5-—-

CHORUS. Moderato

Now we praise thee, Ho - ly Father, Organ

#-f- H 1—m UH> PV—I—J CJ -h-I-h-c-—- -----J-—N N

Now we praise thee, Holy Father, Organ For the gospel

s I -#- I. I fet=S=: =t=: * r-t-

J 4 J -dt-i * "tad - r—*—-- #

thus restored, For the gospel thus restored.

Bass Soli.

-I*

Aid thy name in this thy -a-p=fcr"ife===i

Temple, And thy name in this thy Temple Shall be honored and a- 1038. IMPROVEMENT ERA

72C- q=*=q=? bzzzzzd:

dored, Shall be honored, shall be honored and a - dored.

Ball. SI CHORUS, a tempo

<5,i——Cfl # g*-* a

Now we praise thee, Ho ly Father, Organ

tz< H>—Ti HhJ-l I—h—I—f—r:t=S;

=&* =153 * 3 f"Now we praise thee, Ho ly Father, For the

fz> = &fcd=fc:

jpn t—f-:*= i v-—-—

Largo f gospel thus re stored, For the pel thus rerj—T *f -?—r2 6V-

(2j > -- V-4—U=t=t=:—t

i 1 5 1 =f-=a stored. men, men. Organ

SS men.

TELL HER, O PASSING CLOUD O moonlit cloud that floats above the steeps, distant shadows fall; My heart is where thy

These mountain crags are as a prison wall,

For their cold granite, love still from me keeps.

in upper deeps,O summer wanderer

That vale ye cross by me most loved of all;

call, Then tell me while I watch and on thee

If in thy shadows now my loved one sleeps.

Perhaps in drowsiness she gazed on thee,

Ere her fair head she on the pillow laid;

for me—Upon her lips was there no vow

For I this night a thousand vows have made?

fall I may not be,Ah! where thy shadows

I have prayed. Yet tell her, passing cloud, what

Alfred Lambourne.

it is The Evolution Hypothesis: What

BY ROBERT C. WEBB

Could the theory of evolution have remained a zoological speculation, attempting to furnish an explanation for the origin of lifeforms, it might have served a useful end in stimulating research into obscure details of anatomy, paleontology, etc., as has

certainly been its influence, in some measure, under present conditions. When, however, it is brought to bear upon all other

sciences, the stimulating effect is less impressively obvious. It

has ceased, in fact, to be a mere hypothesis of specialists in the natural sciences, and has become the foundation of a cult. It

cannot be urged, therefore, that a ''layman"in natural science shows "presumption"in questioning the validity of the original hypothesis, since he would be but following in the footsteos of the natural scientists themselves, who have not hesitated to invade the fields of logic, philosophy, ethics, theology, etc., in which they

have shown themselves, not merely "laymen,"but also amateurs of the crassest variety. Their voluminous writings, also, have

made the general principles of natural science so accessible to the average reader that none but an ignoramus could fail to understand the main points. Furthermore, it is inadmissible to claim,

1 "10 factsas some have claimed, that specialists in scie.nce, knowing f

gleaned by investigation, are, of necessity to be credited with such deeper insights, or such command of logical principles that it is proper to accept their explanations, even of the facts most familiar to them. Principal Dawson remarked of Darwin, as reported, that

he was a "very good zoologist, but a very poor logician"—nor

this judgment apwas this the opinion of a mere "layman"—and

plies with singular force to very many of the foremost followers of Darwin and his opinions. They are very good natural scientists,

undoubtedly, but amazingly poor philosophers, and wreched logicians.

The uncritical enthusiasm with which many natural scientists have invaded other special fields of thought and research is well exemplified in the following passage by Professor Joseph Le

Conte

"Everyone is familiar with the main facts connected with the flevelopement of an egg. * * * Now this process is evolution. Tt

it is the type of all evolution. Tt is that from which we is more,—

get our irlea of evolution, and without which there would be nn such word. * * * The process pervades the whole universe, and

'I'll E KV< tl.l'TK IN HYPOTHESIS 1041

the doctrine concerns alike every department of every science,—yea,

—Evolutiondepartment midof humanits Relationthought,to Religiousit is literallyThought.one half of all science."

Edward Clodd is equally emphatic in making precisely similar claims; although the consistency of his reasoning might be

questioned by some. He writes:

"If the theory of evolution be not universal, the germs of decay are in it. And here we pass from what is interesting to what is of

serious import for us, because if the phenomena of mind are not capable of a like mechanical explanation as the phenomena of stars and planets, and of vegetable and animal life, evolution remains only a speculation to fascinate the curious. It can, in that case, furnish

no rule of life or motive to conduct, and man, Hit root and crown of things,'would be the sole witness against their unity and totality.

If there be in him any faculty which is no part of the contents of the universe, if there be anything done by him which lies outside the range ot causation, then the doctrine of the Conservation ol tnergv falls to pieces, for man has the power to add to that which the physicist demonstrates can neither be increased nor lessened."Story of

Creation.

The influence of such thinkers acts, of course, to confirm the conviction of our current "rationalism"that the assumption of a mechanical universe, whose mechanism is perfectly obvious to the scientific investigator of the present day, must, of necessity, be preferable to one in which, as any careful thinker must admit, there is an inestimable substratum of unknown, unintelligible and unimaginable fact, necessarily existing, however, since that which evidently exists demands a cause or justification that is fairly beyond the reach of the investigator. The complacency with which

small minds will bask in the conceit of intellectual allSurtici ncy has ever been notable in the advocates of the various "worldformulae"which have successively claimed the name of ''science."

Thus, Galileo, and others, were bitterly denounced in their age for denying the current notions of the universe, and teaching "h resies concerning the antipodes."And why not? Was not the flatness

of the earth a perfectly obvious fact? How could it be a sphere,

is onlywhen the people on the "under side"must fall off? This

typical "rationalism,"which assumes that a theory in closest accord with familiar and obvious experiences must necessarily be more nearly true than one which insists, with all logical consistency, that we do not even know that we understand the "obvious experiences,"or that they can be justified to the reason, any more readily than things unknown, and perhaps, unknowable.

it has However, "rationalism"has ever been so irrational that its thinkingbeen unable to discern the fact that a good part of consists of words rather than perfectly comprehended, or intelligible, ideas. Thus, following the traditional remark of the old

philosopher, Archimedes, who stated that, could he get a foothold 1042 IMPROVEMENT ERA

outside the world somewhere, he could move the earth with a lever, many persons still assume that they could accomplish not only this feat, but also that, were they so placed in space as to have the materials convenient, they could, on the basis of their present knowledge, make a very tair '"bluff"at creating"a universe on their own account. Their "knowledge"is so simple and

obvious that it must be a surprise that the joy of discovery has

Leen reserved for themselves. In some such spirit, we find

Romanes writing thus "When Kepler was unable to explain by any known causes the paths described by the planets, he resorted to a supernatural explanation, and supposed that every planet was guided in its movements by some presiding angel. But when Newton supplied a beautifully

simple physical explanation, all persons with a scientific habit of mind at once abandoned the metaphysical explanation. Now, to be

consistent, the abovementioned professors, (Sir William Hamilton, et al) and all who think with them, ought still to adhere to Kepler's hypothesis in.preference to Newton's explanation; for, excepting the

law of parsimony (Hamilton's), there is certainly no other logical objection to the statement that the movements of the planets afford as good evidence of the influence of guiding angels as they do ofiiie influence of gravitation.—Scientific lzzidence u\ urgunic involution.

This passage is a very fair example of the very thing previously mentioned. While, as Romanes says, the theory of gravitation explains the movements of the planets, and while it is

evidently unnecessary, if not unwarranted, to accept Kepler's explanation of angelic pilots, since we know nothing whatever about the ultimate cause and nature of the force producing the phenomena, it is true, nevertheless, that a theory of creation which postulates only the forces and activities obvious to our science is not a theory, hypothesis or explanation of any kind, but a stupid fiction devised by an ignorant mind. We evidently know nothing of

final causes, in their methods of operation at least, but it is absurd to deny their existence because they are unintelligible to us. We

might as well deny the existence of the dynamo, which we cannot see, and assume that the current that lights the lamps in our homes circulates eternally in a closed circuit, without a constant source of generation, which we have not seen, and may never see. The

German philosopher Schopenhauer, although himself the promulgator of some theories not wholly obvious, protested against, the activities of our zoological speculators as follows:

"Knights of the crucible and retort should be made to understand that the mere study of chemistry qualifies a man to become an apothecary, but not a philosopher. Certain other likeminded investigators

of nature, too, must be taught that a man may be an accomplished zoologist, and have the sixty species of monkeys at his fingers'ends, vet on the whole be an ignoramus to be classed with the vulgar, if he has learned nothing else, save, perhaps, his school catechism.

But in our time this frequently happens. Men set themselves up for

THE EVOLUTH )N 1 1 V l( )TI I ESI S [043

enlighteners of mankind, who have studied chemistry, or physics, or mineralogy, and nothing else under the sun; to this they add their only

knowledge of any other kind, that is to say, the little they may remember of the doctrines of their school catechism, and when they find that these two elements will not harmonize, they straightway turn scoffers at religion, and soon become shallow and absurd materialists. They may, perhaps, have heard at college of a Plato and an

Aristotle, of a Locke and especially of a Kant; but as these folks never

handled crucibles and retorts, or even stuffed a monkey, they do not esteem them worthy of further acquaintance. They prefer calmly to

toss out of the window the intellectual labor of two thousand years and treat the public to a philosophy concocted out of their own rich mental resources on the basis of the catechism on the one hand, and on that of crucibles and retorts or the catalogues of monkeys on the other. They ought to be told in plain language that they are ignoramuses, who have much to learn before they can be allowed to have

any voice in the matter. Every one, in fact, who dogmatizes at

random, with the naive realism of a child on such matters as God, the soul, the world's origin, atoms, etc., is simply one of the vulgar. Send

him to the servants'hall, where his wisdom will best find a market."

Will in Nature, Preface (Second ed.)

The principal advantage of a thorough acquaintance with the principles established by Aristotle, Locke, Kant, and others, is that the essential laws of logic are thus to be mastered, and we do not find ourselves attempting to demonstrate one theory by evidences which argue to another, quite different in significance, although assuming some of the same facts and conditions. Vet, a

if Schopenhauer had really "sized up"the thought of the present day, we will find, unmistakably and undeniably, that the hypothesis

!of evolution, the foundation of the "glorious hopes"and delectabl

consummations, so clear to our modern "liberal"dogmatists and irrational "rationalists,"is based on sophistry of the rankest type and on an essential ignorance of the simplest laws of logic.

Now, in making an analysis of this socalled "doctrine,"there are several things to be carefully considered. In the first place,

in the writings of the most prominent "evolutionists"the word "evolution"is evidently used in two essentially different senses:

first, as an evident synonym for the word "development"or bio-; second, to designate the hypothesislogical variation in any sense

that organic forms, from the lowest to the highest, have been produced by a process of growth, analogous to the development of an egg into a bird, from the lowest and simplest form possible, the unicellular amceboid protoplasm, which, as supposed, was the earliest lifeform in this world.

In the second place, all the facts, apparent facts or alleged facts while arguing for variation in form, do not argue for the philosophical dogma of organic evolution with any certainty or consistency; while the main allegations upon which this dogma

is erected are, simply speaking, not true.

In the third place, while no one can deny the fact of variation 1044 IMPROVEMENT ERA

who has any knowledge of the science of breeding domestic cattle, has ever thought of the numerous varieties of dogs, pigeons or human beings, or who has ever heard of Burbank and his researches in the practical production of new breeds of vegetable life; and, while, in default of precise knowledge of limits in possibility, we do not know whether variations could be carried so far

as to produce a real "species,"the fact remains that there is no evidence in nature of a "progressive development"from simple to complex, nor the slightest warrant for the notion of a "steadv growth from imperfection to perfection, from ungood into good."

In the fourth place, the greater bulk of the evidences advanced for the evolution hypothesis, and confidently urged in its support, do not argue to an advance from the simple to the complex, from the imperfect to the perfect. We may insist, without fear of

successful contradiction, that they argue definitely that, except in minor details of adjustment to new environments, etc., the majority of alleged proved variations of lifeforms are real "degradations"in structure, rather than improvements, or that such improvements as may be alleged are, in general, achieved at the expense of other organs and functions. This fact is seen in the alleged development of our onetoed horse from the threetoed miohippus of the Miocene period, the fourtoed orohippus of the

Eocene period, and the still earlier reported form with the normal five toes. Such advantages in size, speed and superior dentition as

may have been achieved, meanwhile, are accompanied by a parallel mutilation of the typical mammalian hand, until it becomes a mere onefingered support or pedestal, devoid of further possibilities of improvement in the primal "plan"of the type of handed animals.

If the development of the modern horse from a primitive fivetoed animal be admitted as fully as possible, it is perfectly evident that it establishes the fact of variation, and not of organic evolution in the Spencerian sense; since the process by which

a fivetoed animal may beget remote descendants having but one toe on each foot positively furnishes no clue whatever to the still more primitive, but, as yet wholly supposititious process, by which the mammalian hand with its typical equipment of five fingers was originally eventuated. A moment's reflection will

show this, also the great difference between a progress upward in the scale, and a progress downward, in any particular. Nature is

full of good presumptive evidences of degradation, but is singularly churlish in similarly good "exhibits"on developmental improvements. The whale, alleged to be descended from a true land

animal, has gained his ability to live in the water, as assumed, and to propel himself by the great expanse of his tail, by the total loss of his hinder limbs, of which no suggestion remains save a rudimentary pelvis. The fact that rudimentary teeth are said to be

found in the jaws of very young whales, and that they are subseTHE EVOLUTION HYPOTHESIS I04S

quently supplanted by the baleen, is only further evidence of the same import, since the process in course of which hind limbs and teeth disappear is positively not typical of the supposed pr< by which they were first devloped. Tt will be unnecessary to discuss here the essential improbability that any such animal as a

whale was gradually developed from a normal fourlegged land mammal; or even to remind the reader that the geological record

furnishes no indications of "intermediate types."It will also be

unnecessary to insist that the several types of two, three, and fourtoed horses differ among themselves even more than do the modern dog, with four tracking toes on each foot, and the modern fox with five tracking toes on the front feet and four on the rear.

No one has as yet suggested the lineal relationship of dogs and foxes. It would be just to sav. however, tht en<*h annrptl""

misplaced arguments as those applying to horses and whales were injected into evolutionary literature for the purpose of combatting the arguments of unscientific and slovenlv advocates of "special 11 - pctr a tftv ofcreation"who committed the blunder of dmngr t variation of any degree, under natural conditions. Consequently,

in the mind of Huxley, and other defenders of the evolution hypothesis, such "evidences of variation"were brought forward as subsidiary arguments, although repeatedly used by others as direct arguments. At the present day, however, they cannot be

used even in a subsidiary significance.

With all the wealth of effort that has been expended in the development of the "development hypothesis."there is to this

very day a most significant absence of true intermediate types "links,"so the great natural divisions of living called—between

things. If. as evolutonists suppose, all lifeforms have been gradually developed from primitive and simple tvpes. and the process

these people talkhas occupied immense periods of time—for

of millions of years, just as our exponents of "high finance"talk it would be only probable that many suchof millions of dollars—

"links"should have been unearthed. Nor, in view of the vast periods of time mentioned, can the "imperfection of the geological

record"be urged as a sufficient explanation. This does not mean

that there are no forms of indeterminate character between orders or phyla. There are, indeed, many such, although not in the line

of alleged direct descent. Several animals, those included in the

order Monotrcmata. both structurally and functionally, suggest

birdlike qualities; there were in geological times birdlike reptiles

and reptilelike birds, also birds with teeth and reptiles with beaks there are today viviparous fish, that bring forth their young alive, is a fishand egglaying animals that appear to be mammals there like marine animal, the amphioxus or lancelet, which suggests both vertebrate and invertebrate forms, but wheh is evidently it has no true backneither the one nor the other consistently—

1046 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bone. Now, a casual student of zoologv and paleontology might

see in these, and similar indeterminate forms, true "links"in the orderly chain of development, but they are not so accepted by competent anatomists, notably Professor Huxley himself. They

are, in fact, what Huxley calls "intercalary types;"which is to

say, exceptional, irregular, ununiform, in the sense in which the "intercalary days"were formerly placed at the end of every several years to round out the defective ancient calendar, although not properly in the year. Speaking of several of the most hopefulexamples of these "intercalary types,"the Anoplotherium—"intermediate in character between the pigs, on the one hand, and

"similarlythe ruminants on the other"—the Paleothcrium—which

tended to connect together animals to all appearance so different as the rhinoceros, the horse and the tapir"—and—"which, to a certain extent, occupies a midwaythe placeArcheopteryxbetween

has the following:a bird and a reptile"—he

"Like the Anoblotherium and the Paleotheriuin. * * * Archeopteryx

tends to fill up the interval between groups which, in the existing world, are widely separated, and to destroy the definitions of zoological groups based upon our knowledge of existing forms. And such

cases as these constitute evidence in favor of evolution, in so far as they prove that, in former periods of the world's history, there were animals which overstepped the bounds of e'xisting groups, and tended to mrge them into larger assemblages. Thev show that

animal org/rrzation is more flexible than our knowledge of recent forms might have led us to believe; and that many structural permutations and combinations, of which the present world gives us no indication, may nevertheless have existed.

"But it bv no means follows, because the Paleotheriuin has much in common with the Horse, on the one hand, anrl with the fthinn'-ros on the other, that it is the intermediate form through which Rhin-

1"'.oceroses have passed to become Horses, or vie versa: on *he r.o

trary, anv puch supposition would certainly be erroneous. Nor do I

think it likely that the transition from the reptile to the bird has been effected bv srch a form as Archeopteryx. And it is conven-'ent to distinguish these intermediate forms between two groups, which do not

represent the actual passage from the one Troun to the other, as intercalary types, from those linear types which, more or less approximately, indicate the nature of the stens by which the transition from one group to the other was effected.

"I conceive that such linear forms, constituting a series of natural gradations between the reptile and the bird, and enabling us to understand the manner in which the reptilian has been metamorphosed into the bird type, are really to be found among a gronn of ancient and extinct terrestrial reptiles known as the Ornithoscelida. The remains of these animals occur throughout the series of the Mesozoic

formations, from the Tri?is to the Chalk, and there are indications of

their existence even in the later Paleozoic strata.

"Most of these reptiles at present known are of great size, some havirjj* n**->ii-e.,i a length of forty feet or oerhaps more. Th<= maiorit-"

resembled lizards and crocodiles in their general form, and many of them were, like crocodile*, protected by an armor of heavy bony plates. Rut, in others, the hind limbs elongate and the fore limbs

THE EVOLUTION HYPOTHESIS 1047

shorten, until their relative proportions approach those which arc observed in the shortwinged, flightless, ostrich tribe among birds.

The skull is relatively light, and in some cases the jaws, though bearing teeth, are beaklike at their extremities and appear to have been enveloped in a horny sheath. In the part of the vertebral column

which lies between the haunch bones and is called the sacrum, a number of vertebrae may unite together into one whole, and in this respect as in some details of its structure, the sacrum of these reptiles approaches that of birds.

"But it is in the structure of the pelvis and of the hind limb that some of these ancient reptiles present the most remarkable approximation to birds, and clearly indicate the way by which the most spcralized and characteristic features of the bird may have been evolved from the corresponding parts in the reptile."Lectures on Evolution, II.

It is notable that this discussion really constitutes a full confession of the essential weakness of the evolution hypothesis as an explanation of nature. First, it rejects, on excellent anatomical

grounds that the "hopeful links"mentioned are linear, although insisting, without warrant, except in evolutionary premises, that they evidence change in tvre. Second, it proposes as true linear tvnes

certain reptiles with birdlike features, although these resemble most closely the flightless, ostrichlike birds, which, on developmental theory must be degraded types, having lost the power of flight, although having perfectly formed wings. Third, it utterly

forgets that the bird's wing forms a serious obstacle to developmental explanation, as will be explained later.

Cheerful Thoughts

I am going to think cheerful thoughts today.

I am going to pleasantly say what I say,

And to smile whatsoever I'm doing.

T am going to send out the thoughtwaves of cheer

To aid ev'ry person, afar or anear,

To lighten their burdens, and banish their fear

With the gladness of life I'm renewing.

T am going to make myself glad today

By repeating the musical tones of a lay

That is singing the heartjoy of living.

And through all the kind hours I'll have joy in the choice

Of the sweetest inflections, according my voice

To the thought, and the word, while my heart shall rejoice

In the cheer of receiving and giving.

I am going to say a few words today.

(Inst a mote of psychology, by the way)

Or. better perhaps, a suggestion:

Our lives are all cast 'neath society's spell;

We make our own heaven, and make our own hell tell, By what we arc thinking, and what we may "And th's is the truth beyond question.

MT PLEASANT UTAH JOSEPH LONGKING ToWNSEND

Discoveries on the Colorado

BY JOSEPH F. ANDERSON, OF THE UTAH ARCHAEOLOGICAL EXPEDITION, 1913

IX.—Life and Customs of the Zuni Indians

In a little isolated world of its own, separated by many miles from any of the other pueblos of the Southwest, is the quaint little pueblo village of the Zuni Indians. The Zuni community was the

first of the New World pueblo communities to be seen by Old eyes, World eyes—and those

as related in a previous article, were the eyes of a negro.

Since that time (1539), in spite of constant contact with

Spaniards, Mexicans and Americans, the history of the people of Zuni has been marked by the strictest conservatism. Living alternately on

the mesa top and on the bank cf the Zuni river below, about fifty miles west of Arizona's petrified forest, these queer people have adhered tenaciously to their old religion and social customs against all invasions of new ideas from without. The descriptions written

by the early Spanish intruders EL CAPITAN of.the industrial life and social

A lofty igneous mountain of northernArizona. Colonel Roosevelt speaks of it in and religious customs of the

The Outlook as "the land mark for the Zuni differ in but few details whole country."Its summit has never been

reached. from the upto-date accounts

published by the United States

Bureau of Ethnology—so successful have the Zunis been in preserving their individuality as a type of the Americans of yesterday.

Although the Zunis compose a distinct linguistic group, they strongly resemble the Hopi physically and are not widely different in many phases of their social, religious and industrial life. Like

the Hopi, they have always, so far as known, supported themselves by agriculture and hunting. In this they are also like the pueblos

along the Rio Grande.

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 1049

While the Zunis are wards of the government, they are practically selfsupporting- and are gradually increasing in numbers, as recent counts show. Their population grew from 1,574, in 1906, to

1,640, in 1910. They have their own tribal government which is

closely interwoven with their religious and social organization, and which is said to suit them far better than the "Washington way."They are quiet, goodtempered, and industrious, but less

peaceloving than the Hopi. They are friendly toward Americans

but distrust Mexicans, and are bitter enemies to the Navajo.

Men in all lands and in all ages have been seekers for happiness; the quest is universal. In their quest, the Zunis have develTIIE BURRO "PIZZAXO"AND HIS FRIENDS

rare his for is admired expedition and the for Utah burro the bell was PIzzano at bite kick will and but friends, his to devoted is patient and Pizzano intelligence transporof beast their as to Zunis the is invaluable burro him. Thethose who abuse

tation. oped a philosophy influenced profoundly by the things about them.

They are noted for their wonderful system of mythology and folklore, for they live in a world of mysticism and symbolism. To

them the world is a universe of animals. Plants are animals under

a spell of enchantment and cannot travel. The stars are animals

compelled by magic to travel around the world, and the sungod is the most potent of their many deities. To the Zuni, every object

possesses a spiritual life. The waters writhe in waves of anger

the hills and mountains tremble in distress, and the earthmother nourishes all. m....their Living in a land of little rain, where they must obtain

meager living from the soil, and where drouth frequently means 1050 IMPROVEMENT ERA

famine, it is not strange that many of their rites and ceremonies are supplications for rain. One of their beliefs is that their dead go

to the underworld, where their gods also dwell, and there become rainmakers for the upper world. These rainmakers ascend at

times to the upper world and soar back and forth over the earth, shielded by the cloudmasks from the view of the people below.

It is not the clouds which fall in rain; the rainmakers pour the

water through the cloud masks from large ollas which they carry.

Every Zuni child must have its ears pierced at birth, otherwise it is believed that they cannot become rainmakers in the nether world. According to Zuni philosophy, the members of their bowpriesthood become lightning makers after death. Thunder is pro-

"THE MITTENS"A peak or erosion in the Painted Desert. Notice by the "thumbs"of the "mittens

that they are mates. These giant monoliths are of bright vermillion sandstone, and

tower several miles apart, and belong to a group of nine pinnacles to be seen from the same point and rising from five hundred to eight hundred feet above the plain.

duced by the rainmakers gaming with stones, the players rolling stones back and forth to one another in their sports. So the Zuni

have their own explanation for every phenomenon about them.

They revel in a wealth of folklore which is said to rival the mythology of the ancient Greeks.

The belief in witchcraft, and in the force of the taboo, is still general among the tribes of the Southwest. A common taboo is

that which forbids the use for food of fish, ducks or any aquatic

I 1051 DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORAlx

animal. The natives seem to be influenced strongly by the advice

of their priests and medicinemen. The common difficulty in securing photographs of the natives is explained by the fact that they

have been told that the camera is "bad medicine."It is believed

that the strange machine discharges evil spirits into the person whose photograph is being taken, and that each "exposure"weakens him by taking from him the strength, or part of himself, which goes to compose the picture. When members of the Utah

Expedition innocently made preparations to photograph a camp of Utes in southern Utah, the burly braves threatened to demolish their cameras.

Whites who live near the Zunis have reported that execution of supposed witches is still sometimes resorted to. Mrs. James Stevenson, of

the Bureau of American Ethnology, states that she saved a Zuni medicineman from being hanged for supposed witchcraft. According to these informants, when persistent bad fortune

or disease visits the tribe, or even an individual, suspicion arises that it is due to witchcraft, and every effort is made to discover the offender.

As in old Massachusetts days, the blame is likely to fall upon the old, ecPhoto b"Frazier, centric and friendless, but is said to

Utah Arch. Exped. fall sometimes upon the young as well.

THE SENTINEL ASLEEP. If the supposed offender confesses, he

is merely exiled. Failing to confess Growing tired of excavating in

the ruined homes of the ancients, he may be more severely dealt with, this member of the Utah expedition lay down to pleasant(?) but it is not probable that killing is

dreams. As the camera caught often, if ever, resorted to now-a-days,

him he may have been dreaming of the courtmartial by the cliffthanks to the good influence of the for slept dwellers at his having post allowed the to whites. and enemy

invade the stronghold. The old practice of the Zunis in

offering human sacrifice to appease the anger of their gods, has also been slightly modified, until today their elaborate ceremonials and religious practices contain much of beauty and uplift and hardly a touch of barbarism. The Zunis

tell of a notable case of human sacrifice in connection with their old deserted village on the mesa, where they lived at the time of the coming of the Spanish conquistadors. According to the

story, they were driven to the mesa top from their pueblo on the plain, by a great flood which filled the whole plain below and reached almost to the top of the mesa. To appease the aggres1052 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sive elements, a human sacrifice was deemed necessary. A youth

and maiden, son and daughter of two priests, were thrown into the angry, turbid flood. Two great pinnacles, carved by weathering influences from the mesa, are looked upon by the Zunis as the

actual youth and maiden turned to stone, and are regarded with much reverence. They have many superstitions and legends associated with this mesa, upon whose summit are spread the extensive ruins of their longago deserted village.

There are thirteen secret orders in Zuni, to many of which women and children belong. All boys belong to the order of

Koko, but if a girl joins she must take a vow never to marry.

Membership of girls in this order is therefore small.

Those well acquainted with the Zuni religion assert that it makes for truthtelling, industry, fairdealing, faithfulness to promises, honesty, hospitality to strangers, respect for the aged, obedience to parents, tenderness to children, and cheerfulness of heart.

The government of Zuni is hierarchical, the four fundamental religions orders being concerned. The civic

governor and his assistants are nominated by the Ashizvanni (Rain Priesthood). When the governor is notified

publicly of his election he is handed the governor's cane, a gift to the tribe from President Lincoln. Formerly a

native staff was used. The tenure of

office is one year. The dominant aurhoto by Stockman,

Utah Arch. Exped. thority, however, is said to be the

Ashiwanni. STRENUOUS CLIMBING.

The Zunis are an agricultural and

Members of the Utah expedition making their way over the pastoral people, and farm under a comcliffs of ropes. by means Many plex system of land tenure. The cliffdweller, an ancient losing his

hold, must have tumbled down, daughters inherit the landed property and down, never stopping until life had left his body. after the death of the parents, and the

sons must "stake out"new tracts or buy old ones. If there are no girls in the family, the sons are the

next heirs. At the death of the owner, the cattle, sheep, burros,

horses and blankets, are divided among the boys and girls of the family. The jewelry of the mother goes to her daughters; that

of the father, to the eldest son.

The houses of the Zuni are built in terraces so that the roof of the lower story serves as the front yard for the story above

The houses are built usually of adobe and contain from two to eight rooms. The upper stories are reached by means of ladders

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 1053

on the outside. The wealthier people reside in the lower rooms

and the poor people above—the poorer the higher.

The Zunis'old time division of labor still persists. The men

plant and harvest the field crops; the women grind the corn and

make bread. The men tend the sheep and cattle, and hunt; the

women cook the meat. The men are the silversmiths and do the

knitting and most of the sewing; the women are the potterymakers and blanketweavers. The men build the walls of the

houses; the women plaster them. The children help with all the

work and everybody cares for the babies. When necessary the

Photo by Brooks, Utah Arch. Exped.

"THE TRAIL OF THE LONESOME PINE"

The last struggling conifers on the edge of a southern Utah forest. Some of our

best forests are in the southwest. Billions of feet of good lumber lie awaiting the

railroad. Navajo mountain is seen in the distance.

women help gather the field crops which are carried to the pueblo by crude wooden carts or on the backs of burros. Corn

is the chief crop and is produced in a dozen or more different colors. Squash, beans, melons and peaches, are also common

products of the Zuni field. The peach trees are of the dwarf variety, imported by the early Spanish settlers. These trees are found

growing wild in some of the canyons of the Navajo country.

The marriage ceremony of the Zuni is not so elaborate as among some of the southwestern tribes. The advances are initi1054 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ated by the man. When a youth is sufficiently pleased with a girl

he manages to meet her on the road or at the well. He tells her of

his admiration and asks permission to go to her house. If she

favors him she asks that he wait until she obtain the consent of her parents. He meets her another day, and if her parents are

willing he goes with her to her home. The father of the girl

gives the young man some advice, urging that when he is married he be industrious. The mother asks him to be good and kind to

his wife. He then works for the girl's parents several days, after

which he goes to his own parents and asks their consent to the union. If they are willing, the marriage is consummated.

Divorce is obtained by the Zuni in the same way as by the

Navajo and is said to be common. The husband may at any time

, y y-w-

m

Photo by Brooks, Utah Arch. Exped.

THE EXPEDITION AT CAMP IN AN ARIZONA FOREST

The Painted Desert is not a barren waste. There are many spots most inviting

for their coolness, beautiful verdure and mountain scenery.

leave his wife, or the wife may discharge her husband at will.

The Zunis are strongly virtuous in sentiment, and immorality is said to be very rare. They have withstood, to a remarkable

degree, the vices with which contact with other people has made them acquainted. Their religion and whole life's teachings guard

them against many of the evils that cling to civilization.

This mere glimpse of the little world of Zuni shows a people

DISCOVERIES ON THE COLORADO 1055 from whom many a lesson of thrift, honesty, hopefulness and kindheartedness may be learned. They have for centuries solved

their own problems in their own way. The virility of their life is

kept up by the daily assembly of the family circle at twilight, where, bound by the ties of strong family affection, they listen with undying interest to the oftentold stories and legendary lore which have developed a community of sturdy characters.

Slander fFound witten on the last yellowed leaf of an old diary.]

"The tiny worm a pinch of salt might choke

Will eat the heart out of the sturdy oak;

The drop of water falling day by day

In time will wear a continent away;

So the pure life of reputation dies

Strangled in gossimer threads of thin white lies."

No! Why endure it twice, to live it then to write it,

To blazon on your page the wound that seared the soul.

Just yesterday I braced myself and faced about to meet it,

Today must not betray the cause for silent selfcontrol.

The arrow quivered deep where careless hand had shot it,

Spent in the heart the dart in hidden chambers bled;

Nor friend nor foe shall know the woe its venom brought it,

Nor curious alien eye shall see the bitter barb it sped.

Fearless the fawn will gaze upon the man as other cattle

Till shot, then leaps away to die in hidden leafy bed;

The veteran soldier shows old scars received in honored battle,

But shrinks from probing grievous wounds when they are raw and red.

And so the InnerSelf must hide, and bide time's gracious healing,

And wiser grown alone the Great Physician trust;

No line upon your page must trace—nor yet erase one feeling,

Nor quiver of an eyelash prove that I am bowed in dust.

And yet my grief and my regret for self has smallest part,

The fact that you so wrong yourself lies heaviest on my heart.

O, fool, and blind, the thistleseed your malice scatters free

Sows years of locustyears for you, and dragon's-teeth for me.

No, no! the raven must not nest where doves were wont to hover,

Nor noxious weeds choke up the path where flowers were wont to dwell.

Slander, nor scoring comments throng my dove of Peace to smother—

The hand, the hour, that gained the power to maim thou shalt not tell!

My welcoming smile may be more sad, it will not be less tender;

My stricken heart more full of pain will not be less the true,

My willing hand more palsied be its services to render,

But holds in fee love's ministry as lilies hold their dew.

The love, the trust, I freely gave with all I had to give!

My love endures, but turns and weeps because faith could not live.

Some part of me lies buried in the grave I hid that day

Till Faith arise with Love again and roll the stone away.

Sarah E. Hawley Pearson

Jeanne A Tale of the Hills

BY GRACE ZENOR ROBERTSON

You who may chance to look upon the valley of the S will feel in that first glance a weird loneliness. Her lava beds

speak of some past calamity; her evershifting hills of sand seem

to be seeking to hide the past. Wildernesses of gray sagebrush,

and the mournful cry of the coyote, linger in the memory always—I know not why.

With a broader view of the valley, you will rejoice in the free, wild sweep of plain, and be thrilled by the grandeur of the eternal hills and lofty snowcrowned peaks. You will look with

amazement upon the broad canals of crystal water and the blossoming fertility of spacious fields—the splendid growth of towns

and villages.

Now, let your eyes travel eastward toward yonder group of peaks; so hazy and indistinct in the Indian summer, they are as

dream mountains, far away. Each sunrise from behind those

peaks is an aurora of itself, and each sunset makes their summits rosy with a glow no artist yet has painted.

Below the peaks, stretching for miles, gradually rising upward, gradually sweeping onward toward those mightier mountains, the rolling hills lie golden in the autumn sunshine. It is

here I wish you to go with me, and I will tell you why, through all my days and through all my nights, I catch glimpses of their feel their solitude and all pervading silence.beauty—I Jeanne*******and I were married in the springtime, when early

blossoms ran riot in her little garden, and snatches of sunshine fell softly across the rainswept hills of her beloved homeland.

Jeanne would have it so. She, herself, was like a fair, sweet

flower of the springtime—all innocent and ignorant of responsibility and sorrow.

Jeanne was no more suited to the life to which I would eventually take her than a lily for a desert. I brushed the thought

away. This girl who lived so near the angels, this girl with her

flowerlike face, loved me. I fancied her as I would fancy some

rare, fragile treasure I longed to call my own, neither knowing the value nor aesthetic quality of my prize.

I sometimes wonder still if a man can ever truly understand a woman's heart. Perhaps I might have made some woman happy

JEANNE 1057

I might have found happiness in some woman's love.—perhaps

I only know my love was not the love of Jeanne. Jeanne's love

was the most unselfish love a woman ever gives. She adored and

worshiped with every fiber of her being, and her face shone with the splendor of her happiness.

Jeanne was a dreamer. Her music, her songs, her books

were all a part of her life. Her gentle words, and low, light

laughter, bespoke her heart. She was different from all other

women I have ever known. She amused me, rested me when I

was weary; appealed to me in some mysterious way, and I felt

the charm of her personality. I felt this woman understood my

heart. I was mistaken. She believed me to be most gentle, and

that I loved her above all ambition and worldly gain.

When I spoke to Jeanne of the western ranch among the hills, I tried to explain that this new life would be very different from the life she had lived always. In my mind there were grave

forebodings, but my heart whispered she was mine—she would

become more practical of necessity. My duty seemed complete

when she answered merrily, with many plans for our new home and opportunity.

I shall not forget the day in early summer when Jeanne and

I rode over the hills side by side. The sky was blue as a sapphire

thesea, and the mountains blue and white in the clear distance—

wild, wide slope of many hills delightfully green and softened by many acres of growing grain, with here and there the glimpse of a white tent or temporary dwelling.

I saw only the fields which meant prosperity for us; their

precious growth meant much to me. I saw the work awaiting

me, and I recognized the aesthetic beauty only as Jeanne, with glowing cheeks, drew rein and pointed out the harmony of color, valley with its scatteredthe softened greenness of the slopes—the

cities far below us. I was impatient at the delay, and with one

last look over the valley, she followed me—followed me into my

own life, of which Jeanne knew nothing.

The days I would forget, grew into weeks. My hands were

busy with my work, my mind was busy with the affairs I must superintend, and in those days I fear I forgot Jeanne. I felt my

disappointment keenly. The woman I had brought into my life

was not a woman of the hills—she could not share with me my

responsibility and care. She was neglected.

I left her in the early mountain dawns, hurriedly, impatient of her plea of loneliness. I came to her at night too worn and

spent to bear the clinging of her arms or listen to her happy laughter. I was brutal in my indifference. I wonder not, now,

that Jeanne's beauty faded and her eyes grew dim with many secret tears. Happiness may flourish in desert places or on

1058 IMPROVEMENT ERA mountain tops, with love to nourish it, but a human soul as sensitive and gentle as Jeanne, cannot live without devotion, any more than a flower can flourish without the rain and sunshine.

Through weary days, she saw the illimitable sweep of billowvalleys far below.ing grain, the chain of rugged mountains—the

She heard, ofttimes the rattle of the lithe, gray snake through the ripening grain, and felt the scorching rays of the noonday sun.

At evening, when the stars shone silver and shadows lengthened, the mournful cry of the coyote broke the awful stillness of the hills. At *******last my heart awakened to the love I had not prized. With

the love she craved and the blessed love of little children, Jeanne was a woman so tender, so true, she could have made a wilderness an Eden. It was too late. I understood a woman's heart, perhaps,

when it was frozen in her breast. When I awoke to the value of

the treasure I had lost, and my great selfishness, I realized why

Jeanne had left the tented home of the hills and my indifference.

When we found her in her wandering loneliness, the life was gone forever from the eyes that once shone with the priceless beauty of the soul. The form once so supple and full of

grace was bent and drooping,- and the arms that had so clung to me for protection and sympathy, fell aimlessly at her side.

the songs of the wild birds Jeanne has fallen asleep—and

lull her to a sweeter rest than she has ever known.

The wealth that surrounds me, and the pleasures it might bring are as fires to my soul. Always I see, day or night, the

sloping, golden hills, the rugged canyon, with its crimson flash of oak, the weird sweep of the plain. I feel the sweltering heat of

noon, and the chill of the mountain night. And—then I see

Jeanne, as I rode with her across the hills on that first summer clay. I hear her voice calling always from the silence of the hills.

PARKER, IDAHO Could We But Understand Could we but understand the trials of another,

Look into the heart and read the anguish written there,

We each hasty word would smother, and as kindly as a mother,

Ease the burden of the cross each one doth bear.

Could we but understand the motives of another,

Could we know the whys and wherefores, every reason for each fall,

Could we realize the struggle of the soul before it yielded,

We would judge our fellow creatures not at all.

Could we but understand, we might ofttimes count as brothers

Those we look upon with awe and treat as foes;

Could we understand, oh, never would we plant a thistle ever

When we might have caused to bloom instead a rose.

Grace Ingles Frost Small Things Make up Life

BY PROFESSOR J. C. HOGENSON, OF THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL

COLLEGE

There are many people who seem to think that life for them is made up of one or more big things, and that it is these few bigthings which they must always look forward to and work for. For

a person who thinks and acts thus, life is often a failure, for the big things never come. Life for most people is made up of a thousand and one little things, and their success or failure in life will

depened largely upon how well each small, seemingly unimportant, task and duty is done as it comes along. If the small things are

done well and to the best of one's ability, then, later on, if big things do come they can be done much more successfully than they could have been done if the small things had been neglected.

Small things well done prepare for larger things being successfully done.

One of the songs of Solomon says: "Take us the foxes,

the little foxes that spoil the vines, for our vines have tender grapes."This language is figurative and teaches that little things

very often blight the fairest prospect of human happiness, and that great effects may, and often do, result from minute causes.

A match in itself is a small, innocent thing, yet it may cause conflagration that means the loss of many human lives and millions of dollars of wealth. A spark of fire coming in contact with a

magazine of gunpowder becomes an instrument of extensive mischief and destruction.

A moment is scarcely noticed, but centuries are made up of them. The mountains in their massiveness are made up of grains

of clay and sand. The mighty river rolling on its way to the

ocean consists of drops. The majestic avalanche, sweeping destruction as it moves like a flash down the mountain side, is made

up of flakes of snow.

The man who tills the soil has many little things confront him which in themselves seem rather unimportant. He allows his

plowed land to remain rough for a day or a week before harrowing. What does it matter? Many tons of water are lost

from such a soil every dav through evaporation. Later when

crops are growing upon that soil they suffer for the moisture that was allowed to escape. Harrowing would have prevented the

evaporation largelv. He allows the manure to accumulate around

the barn and vard. The rain, snows and sunshine leach out the

1060 IMPROVEMENT ERA fertility so that his soil suffers. He allows his machinery to

stand out in all kinds of weather. Their life of usefulness is

shortened at least one half. He plants poor seed. His crops are

poor as a result. He allows his cut alfalfa to lie in the swath

until dry. Most of the leaves are lost and, hence, about half of

the feeding value of the hay. He puts his hay up into poor

rain spoils most of it. Each one of these seemsstacks—the

small in itself but taken together they cause the doers of them to say that "Farming does not pay."They spell failure.

It is the little sins that make the way for larger ones.

"Vice is a monster of such fearful mien,

That to be hated needs but to be seen.

But seen too oft', familiar with its face.

We first endure, then pity,then embrace."

You remember the story of the shopman and the camel.

The shopman had his shop along the road where camels passed.

One day the shopman's door was open and one of the camels stuck his nose into the doorway. The shopman, thinking it was

clever, did not rebuke the beast. The next day as the camel

passed by, it stuck its head into the doorway. So each day it

became a little more bold until finally it walked into the shop and did a great deal of damage.

Little sins unchecked or uncontrolled lead to big sins. Guard

carefully such little sins as bad temper, careless conversation or gossip, extremes in dress, bad associates, neglect of duties. These

vices dull the conscience, and cause the Spirit of God to depart, and thus hinder spiritual growth and fruitfulness. Treat them

as foes, for "the wages of sin is death."Remember that a little

leaven causes the whole lump to rise, a little bullet may kill a man. A little leak in a big ship may sink it. A flaw in a good

cause mars it; one little sin in our lives unrepented of, may shut

the door to heaven and open wide the gate to destruction. It is

not necessary to commit great sins to hide the light of God's countenance, or silence the whisperings of that still, small voice within us; small ones will do it just as well.

LOGAN, UTAH Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the

Book of Mormon

BY THOMAS W. BROOKBANK, ASSOCIATE EDITOR OF THE MILLENNIAL star"

VII

17. The Possessor Expressed by Nouns in Construct Relation, as,

"the Temple of Jehovah."

Why, says one, there is nothing particularly Hebraic in such a construction as that! It is used in English very often. But let

us remember, however, that the Hebrew had a decided preference for the construct state as a means of expression where applicable, and their writings abound with examples of its use. We have just

seen how they employed it when substituting nouns for adjectives, and if we find, further, that there is more than the customary resort, as English practice goes, to the equivalent form of the construct state in Hebrew instead of our common form with an apostrophe to denote the possessor, that fact will put the Book of

Mormon on a basis which is distinctly Jewish in this particular aspect, and tend strongly to show that no English author wrote that work.

Omitting pronominal possessives, which the Hebrews did employ freely, the first common noun form of the English possessive occurs in I Nephi 3:16: "let us go down to the land of

our father's inheritance;"and the second time in I Nephi 10:8

"whose shoe's latchet."It is, therefore, evident that chapter after

chapter may be read in the Book of Mormon without finding a single possessive of the foregoing form in them, and the total number of such forms in the whole work is surprisingly small, considering the size of that volume and the frequent occasions which arise for expressing the possessive relation. Those which

do occur are given in the following list

Father's, I Nephi 3:16; Mos. 6:4; Cockatrice's, II Nephi 30:14.

9:1; Alma 21:1; 22:28. Neighbor's, Mos. 13:24 (three

Shoe's, I Nephi 10:8. times), 26:31.

Men's, Ether 10:5. Dav's, Mos. 9:4: Alma 8:6; Hela.

Name's, I Nephi 20:9; III Nephi 4:7.

1210 Man's, Alma 24:17. 18: 30:7; 4:17.

King's, Mos. 7:7; 18:34; 20:17; Lehonti's, Alma 47:12. 13.

24-9; Alma 18:3, 13; 22:2, 20. Righteous', Alma 45:15; 46:10;

High Priests', Alma 30:23. 62:40; Hela. 13:14.

Word's, Alma 38:4. Wisdom's, Mos. 2:36.

1062 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Gadianton's, Hela. 0:18. Other's, Alma 55:2.

Lord's, II Nephi 28:3 (twice). Another's, Mos. 18:8.

Moses', Mos. 13:5; III Nephi 27:8 Amalickiah's, Alma 47:8.

(twice). God's, Alma 12:18; III Nephi

Christ's, Alma 4:13; Jacob 1:4. 12:34.

People's, Hela. 13:17. Half's, Alma 22:32.

Lamanite's, Mormon 5.7 (twice). Son's, Alma 46:24 (twice).

Potter's, II Nephi 27:27.

The possessives occurring in the quotations from Isaiah are not included, nor are those which are found in the "contents"of books or chapters. In this list there are only twentyseven different possessives, which together are used fiftyeight times. Of

this number one writer alone, Alma, has employed twentyfive, and another, Mosiah, fourteen, leaving for the other dozen authors of the several parts of the Book of Mormon, after deducting thirtyeight pages for the quotations found in their writings, one noun possessive, on an average, for every 18.5 pages of their

record. This showing is so remarkable in all respects that some

may question the completeness of the list of possessives as given.

As to that point the writer does not, of course, claim that it is absolutely not subject to additions; but it is a complete list so far

as painstaking search can make it.

But the remarkable thing concerning the nonuse of nouns in the common possessive form is not yet half told; for we find the

form Lord's but twice in the entire Book of Mormon, while the equivalent of the construct state of nouns using his name occurs about three hundred times in a possessive sense in expressions such as "commandments of the Lord,""name of the Lord,""people of the Lord,""presence of the Lord,""promises of the Lord,"etc., etc. It would not be strange in view of these facts if the

form "Lord's"were itself found more times than all the noun possessives in the whole book; but to find it twice only out of a

possible three hundred approaches closely to its absolute nonuse.

When we come to consider the name "God"in this same relation, the facts are still more noticeable. In a possessive sense it is used

more than four hundred and fifty times, but only twice as "God's."

The phrase "church of God"occurs thirtytwo times "commandment of God,"or "commandments of God,"fiftyeight times;

kingdom of God,"thirtyeight times; "power of God,"fiftynine

times; "Spirit of God,"twentyone times, and "word"or "words

of God,"over one hundred times.

This state of affairs is plausibly accounted for by referring the writing of the Book of Mormon to authors who, like ancient

Hebrews in general, were partial to the use of nouns in the construct relation.

As it can not possibly serve our purpose any further to cite other nouns used in the possessive relation, according to the prinHEBREW IDIOMS IN THE BOOK OE MORMON 1063

ciples of the construct state, we pass to view this form of expression in another aspect.

18. The Construct Relation in Consecutive Usage.

Quoting Prof. Greene again, we find that "three, four, or

even five nouns are sometimes joined together in the relation of the construct state,"as, "the heads of the houses of their fathers"(Ex. 6:14; "the number of the tribes of the children of Israel"

Josh. 4:5); "the fruit of the greatness of the heart of the king of

Assyria"(Isa. 10:12).—Heb. Gram., par. 255,3.

EXAMPLES FROM THE BOOK OF MORMON.

Submitting first a whole verse, we have, "And it came to pass that we gathered together all manner of seeds of every kind, both of grain of every kind, and also of the seeds of fruit of every kind"(I Nephi8:l).

In this passage, the disposition of the writers of the Book of

Mormon to build constructions of this nature one upon another, is very manifest:

"the commencement of the first year of the reign of Zedekiah king of Judah"(I Nephi 1:4); "down to the commencement of the reign of

Zedekiah king of Judah"( INephi 5:12); "caught hold of the end of

the rod of iron"(I Nephi 8:24, 30); "unto the visiting of the remnants of the house of Israel"(I Nephi 13:33); "many of the kings of

the isles of the sea"(I Nephi 19:12); "the making known of the covenants of the Father of heaven"(I Nephi 22:9); "commencement of the

ninth year of the reign of the judges"(Alma 4:20); "sharpness of the

power of the word of God"(II Nephi 1:26); "knowledge of the baseness of the traditions of their fathers"(Alma 17:9); "revelation of the

truth of the word"(Alma 6:8); "the other side of the river of water"

(I Nephi 8:26).

Single verses containing two examples, in each of which three nouns occur in this relation, are not infrequent, as "the power of the Lamb of God,"and "the Saints of the Church of the Lamb,"are readings in I Nephi 14:14, and "an account of the reign of the

kings,"and, "part of the reign of the kings,"are both in I Nephi 9:4. For three such constructions in a single verse see I Nephi

13:38. (to be continued) "Whatsoever Thou Shalt Bind on Earth

Shall be Bound in Heaven"

BY JOSEPH S. PEERY

Recently, as usual, a company of tourists was escorted from the Bureau of Information, and after visiting the Assembly Hall and the Tabernacle, gathered on the south side of the Temple, anxious to learn something of the important work performed therein.

Among other topics, the subject of marriage was introduced.

The guide explained that a majority of the "Mormon"people prefer to be married in one of our temples. He explained the difference between marriages thus solemnized and those usually performed elsewhere.

Continuing, he said, "The same authority is recognized as that given by Christ to Peter, 'Whatsoever thou shalt bind on earth shall be bound in heaven: and whatsoever thou shalt loose

on earth shall be loosed in heaven.'We believe that this authority was held by the early apostles of the Lord Jesus Christ, and

we also believe that centuries later Peter, James and John, resurrected beings, appeared to the Prophet Joseph Smith and conferred the same authority upon him. In turn, Joseph Smith conferred this authority upon his followers who were ordained to the

priesthood, and thus it continues with us today. When a couple

gets married in these holy temples, they are married, under that authority, for all time and all eternity, and when death comes the married relationship contitnues; they will remain husband and

wife, and will have their children with them. Is not that a good

thought, you happily married people?"

The consensus of opinion in the company was that there is no married relationship in the next life. One lady answered, "No,

that is not a good thought."Another remarked, "Christ said, in

heaven there will be no marriages."Another thought, "In heaven

we will all be one whole."Another, "We will know each other in

heaven, but not as parents and children."The thought, however,

appealed to some in the company as being good and right and proper.

One lady was so impressed that she asked, "Why, do not all 'Mormons'marry in the Temple?"The answer was, "Not all are

worthy to enter the holy temples, and some, who are worthy, do not seem to realize the importance of securing the blessings com- "WHATSOEVER THOU SHALT BIND ON EARTH"1065

ing from marrying therein. Those who are married outside the

temples are united for life only, until death parts them, and when death comes, of course, the marriage agreement ends."

Then the guide appealed to the reason and experience of the tourists in this life, in behalf of the eternal family relationship "You tourists know that the best relationship in this life is that of husband and wife, and parent and child. You know that the

: Severalhome is the strength of any community. Is it not? '

spoke, "Yes.""Then if the marital relationship is the most elevating, the most inspiring, the most noble, the best relationship

that we know of in this life, why should it not be the best relationship in the life to come? Why should those loving, tender ties

be closed forever through death? Such a thought must have appealed to Stonewall Jackson, for he is reported to have said:

'Heaven would not be a heaven to me, without my wife.'I endorse that remark, and add, without my children also, heaven

would not be a heaven to me."

"You all believe in the immortality of the soul, do you not?"

"Yes,"was the general answer.

life en- "What does that mean?"A man spoke up, "That

dures forever."

"Correct,"the guide responded. "When we die, we live. We

start there with the same intelligence that we leave off with here.

There we will move, think, act, accept, reject and have our being.

There we will be sentient, intelligent beings. There we will rec0r

nize our friends, relatives and acquaintances. Would you people

wish to.recognize your fathers and mothers as your parents over

there, as you do here? Would you parents wish to recognize your

children over there as you do here?"

The question struck deeply. Not a person in the company

made a negative answer. "The more you think of this belief of

the eternal family relationship, the better you will like it."

There were several young men in the company, and the guide made a special appeal to them. "Get married, young men. Get

married, each of you, and have a wife and children to bear your name. Have that splendid blessing come into your lives. You

will be better men for yourselves and the communities in which you live, if you are married men. Do not delay too long in getting married. Delays are dangerous. Do not delay until the resurrection, for the Savior said, 'In the resurrection they neither

marry nor or given in marriage, but are as the angels of God in heaven 'Most people interpret those words, as the lady in this We company, that the family relationship ceases with this life.

interpret them to say that in the resurrection the marriage cereWhy? For the good reason, that mony will not be performed.

this is the life, the period, the time, to start the family relationship.

Two ordinances have to be performed on this earth: one is bap1066 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tism and the other is marriage. In this probation we prepare and

lay the foundation for all future life."

As the company was returning to the Bureau of Information, to obtain the free literature, a sober, earnest young man of fine countenance remarked to the guide, "I belong to the church.

Our minister married my wife and myself. We are regular churchgoers. Do you mean to say that I will not have my wife in the

hereafter?"

The guide's answer was candid, but not comforting: "Ask

your minister. Like all the ministers, of all the denominations of

this earth, with the one exception of this, the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints, your minister will tell you that the family relationship ceases with this life, and your minister is consistent in his teaching, for when he married you he plainly stated, 'for life only and until death do you part.'Is not that so?"

The young man sadly admitted it to be so, and, after receiving the literature, he walked away in deep thought. When he meets

a "Mormon"missionary, probably he will be interested in continuing the gospel conversation.

M. I. A. BOYS BAND, EMERY STAKE

The organization of bands is one of the means of enlisting boys in the work of the associations; a band rightly conducted tends to

enliven the ward, and to create interest in the Mutual Improvement

Association.

War and Retribution

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

Practically all Europe is today at war. Is it a just retribution?

In the year 1878 the European powers that are now grappling for supremacy at arms sat in conference in the city of Berlin, after the RussoTurkish war. In that war Russia had won the freedom

of the Balkan states with the aid of the inhabitants of the Balkans themselves. The Balkan people were mostly kindred to Russia.

They were people of the same race, the Slavs.

The central and most powerful of the Slavs of the Balkans were the Serbs whose growth and military power might become very objectionable to Austria. The Serbs had fought valiantly for

their liberty along with their Russian brethren of the north, and when Russia was about to snatch the fruits of that victory, Europe stepped in and cried, halt! Russia against all Europe was unthinkable, and the Russians bowed to the inevitable. The Serbs

were entitled to their fullest liberty, and deserved the fruits of their national achievements. In that fateful hour Europe stepped

in and inflicted an incalculable wrong upon Servia.

In those days Germany was the dominating power of continental Europe. Bismarck was anxious to promote the dual alliance between Austria and the German empire, and when Austria

insisted that the Servians must be broken asunder, Bismark's dominating influence and the celebrated treaty of Berlin, in 1878.

compelled the acquiescence of all the other powers. The western

portion of Servia was divided into Austrian protectorates, under the names of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was one of the most

cruel strokes of international diplomacy; it was a wicked thing

to do.

Austria had determined to absorb into that dual empire the

Slav race of the Balkans in southern Europe. Russia had given

them their freedom by its treasury and its blood. Austria had not

lifted a hand in the liberation of the Slavic races to the south of the Danube, and yet what she did was to claim ultimately the best if not all the fruits of the Russian and Slavonic victory. However, Servia was divided, an act which the Servians have always

bitterly resented.

One of the reasons for such a division of Servia was so to hem that nation in that its growth and development would well nigh be impossible. Servia had no outlets to the markets of the

world and for these the Servians have been carrying on against 1068 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Austria what has been sarcastically called "the hog and poultry war."The hogs and poultry business of Servia amounted to millions, and gave promise of great wealth to that country. These

articles could not be gotten into the markets of the world without crossing Austrian territory. If the Servians sent a hog to London, the Austrians held it up under the most aggravating regulations of quarantine, and such exports under such conditions were

made at times wholly valueless. Think of it. Chickens have sold

in Servia for five cents apiece and hogs were scarcely worth a dollar, all because Austria, in her antiServian policy, wanted to hem in that Slavic people and retard their progress. In time,

(1908) Austria annexed Bosnia and Herzegovina and it was in the Austrian program also to take advantage of the first pretext for annexing Servia.

During the late war between the Balkan allies and Turkey,

Servia gave a good account of herself on the field of battle. She

fought her way to the Adriatic and captured the seaport of Durazzo. Again the concert of Europe inflicted a gross wrong upon

Servia when, in the treaty of London, they compelled the Servians to surrender Durazzo and withdraw her rights to a seaport that was almost necessary for Servia's existence. Again Europe, at

the behest of Austria, showed injustice and crime to their wants;

and that mockery, the concert of Europe, is now reaping the whirlwind. Austrian demands, backed by German power and influence,

forced these concessions from the unwilling nations of Europe, who have at last stated, "We shall not bow another inch."The

refusal of the rest of Europe to bow any farther, and the refusal of Russia, France and England to follow the lead of Germany in

Austria's new extension program, is justified no doubt by their present belief that that dual alliance of Germany and Austria cannot force further concessions even at the point of the sword.

Why did these nations not resist in 1878 and prevent a gross international wrong? Why did they not do their duty, and in the

recent treaty of London, following the Balkan war, give to the

Servians that to which, by every principle of right, they were entitled, and leave the Servians free in the use of the port on the Adriatic which they had conquered from Turkey? It's the old story

the fear of German supremacy! For forty years the German supremacy has been feared in Europe. For forty years that supremacy has been the controlling factor in the concert of Europe.

Today it is disputed and must be settled by the arbiter of war. Is

the present war a just retribution for the wrongs of Europe?

The Value of Opportunity

BY JOHN E. RUSSELL

[In the June, 1914, M. I. A. oratorical contest, "The Value of Opportunity"was one of the two Senior orations that came up in the final

contest/ Editors.]

Hundreds of years ago there lived near the shore of the River

Indus, a Persian by the name of Ali Hafed. He lived in a mansion upon the river bank from which he could get a view of the

beautiful country stretching away to the sea. He had a wife, happy

children, fields of grain, orchards of fruit, gardens of flowers and miles of forest.

One day he heard the priest of Buddha explaining how the first beams of sunshine condensed upon the earth's surface into diamonds. He further spoke

of the great value of these stones, stating that one the size of the thumb would purchase mines of copper, gold and silver; that with

a handful, one may become the possessor of a kingdom. Ali listened, but was no longer a rich

man; for, with discontent, all

wealth vanishes.

The great and beautiful estate of Ali was sold. Entrusting

the care of his family to a good neighbor, in the quest of diamonds he left them. JOHN E. RUSSELL Over the mountains of Arabia, through Palestine and Egypt, he wandered for years, but

found no diamonds. When his money was all gone, ashamed of

his folly and his rags, he came back for a last look at his old home. What was his great dismay to learn that during his absence, his successor to the estate had become the possessor of the

great diamond beds of Golconda. And further, that they had been

discovered upon the same estate of which Ali was once master.

Ali threw himself headlong into the tide and was drowned.

1070 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I need not state that Ali should have remained at home and "dug in his own garden."

What was lacking? Simply the ability to see the relationship

between opportunity and life. The two are very closely related,

one being dependent upon the other.

But what is opportunity? It is the chance "to do"and "to

be,"where we are. Oh, what a power and influence it wields in

the development of life and character! Indeed, opportunity is the

medium through and by which we pass to higher living.

Too often chance stands at the helms of our lives, and we "drift"and do not "steer."Consequently, no definite method is

employed whereby we utilize the many opportunities that come sixtyfive everyinto our lives in numberless series—three hundred

single year.

Now, if opportunity play so important a part in life, let us consider this one thing, this evening. In discussing this topic, we

are confronted with a very broad field, thus necessitating that we consider the subject in the collective and abstract sense, and not in its many phases.

There is a close relationship between opportunity and youth, for the gain or loss of youth depends directly upon the use or disuse of opportunity. Because of this fact, and the existing conditions of youth as relevant factors, let us analyze the situation, that

we may hope to answer a few pertinent questions of this character.

Why are so many young lives undeveloped? Why has the

youthful, progressive existence of so many been lost?

I believe it is because of the neglect of opportunity

But why such a condition? What reasons can we find to

reveal such information?

No doubt, we would ask in the first place, is it because of a scarcity of opportunity, or lack of privilege?

Oh, no; that cannot be true. Upon every hand, and in every

direction we find opportunity that may be converted to our lives.

Such a condition has been and always will be. For ages past the

lightning flashed in the heavens, begging the recognition of man;

finally it was found, and so given to the world of mankind. Thus

all nature speaks to man in her varied language.

If this analogy does not hold true, then we must seek another.

If there be an abundant supply of opportunities, then it lies possibly in the selection of the opportunity pursued. All present

know that we get just what we look for in life. The bee and the

spider may visit the same flower—the one extract honey, and the

other poison. Hence, the importance of proper selection, for too

often the great mistakes of people's lives have been of this character.

Or can it be, that we, as young people, do not utilize opportunities as presented, because we feel too humble and incapable

THE VALUE OF OPPORTUNITY 1071

of grappling with big, strong situations of life, which we must of necessity meet? When such thoughts come into my soul, I think of

the fact that the "Lord must love common people, that is why he made so many of them."

Still there is another factor which we must consider, that of preparation. A relation exists between one opportunity and its

successor, in that the use of one and its consequent conversion into preparation for the use of the second, is a necessary process. We

must be "ready"for bigger things when they are presented to us.

But still there is a lacking element. These four analogies do

not answer the requirements of a seemingly necessary five. Must

we then take the only alternative left us, upon which to base our case? Must we come to this final conclusion and make this final

statement? "The reason that we do not properly appropriate the

many blessings which we receive is because of simple and sheer neglect to utilize these opportunities."And with but few exceptions to this general rule, I believe it will fit and solve our problem, in most, or nearly all, the cases with which we are familiar,

ourselves included.

If such be the condition, let us ask again, what are the causes?

In most every case it is simply because, "We look too high, For things close by."

I do not believe that the destiny of any man, woman or child lies without them, or in their environment exactly, but that it does lie within the individual. He, and he alone, must adapt himself

to his surroundings, or his surroundings to himself, as the case may be. I do not believe that any man can use a telescope with

which to peer off into space and find himself and his proper

;power. But rather, man needs an X-ray for internal inspection

for within man, and immediately around and about man. lies his

greatest strength, his power, and his destiny.

nations and climes, but when We may travel to Europe, or to there, we must use that which we do then possess and that with

! A truth and a fact from which \vcwhich we are then in touch

cannot detach ourselves. Did we ever stop to consider that we

have the splendor, value, and influence here at home, right here at home, rivaling that to be found in any European country? This

we shall find to"be true if we will but familiarize ourselves with our most favorable surroundings, and with the many factors contributing. If this single truth—the value of opportunities of home

be felt and properly realized,and of immediate conditions—could

it would be invaluable to ourselves, our fellowmen, our church, it be valuable to thoseour state and our nation. Especially would

of meager means, financially, yet millionaires in the riches of the soul, which could then be developed and brought into light.

1072 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Oh, what a broad field is open before us, in every direction, and especially in the glorious Church of which we are members, where our definite course in the otherwise pathless sea of mortality is plainly visible.

We too often try to substitute one thing for another. True,

this is a great age of substitution, when one article is substituted for another, one mode of attire for another, the raw for the refined, and so on. But never in the history of the world, nor in the ages

that may yet follow, can there be, nor will there be, a life substituted for the life which is strong, wholesome, clean and pure; in

other words, the life of an honest, upright and true Latterday

Saint.

Then, the great question which we must ask: "How can we,

as the young people of Israel, develop such lives?

The answer is simple: Utilize the many opportunities afforded us where we are, both by the State and by the Church.

And among the many others, let us not forget the great M. I. A.

organization where numberless opportunities are afforded only in the guise of the manifold blessings of the Almighty.

May we appreciate ourselves and our surroundings is my humble prayer.

REXBURG, IDA.

AMERICAN FORK M. I. A. SCOUTS, MOUNTAIN DELL, PIONEER TRAIL,

. JULY 24, 1914, CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, SCOUTMASTER

MARGA-RET.

Marga-ret is my guril's name, But I don't call her that Maggie's what I call her most,

When her little hand I pat;

Honeysweet she likes the best,

When only us is there Sweeter'n honey from the bee Is Maggie, I declare!

too,We had our pitchters taken,

An'Maggie said to me, "You stan'up straight and look as brave

A husban'as kin be!"

She's my queen, an'I'm her king,

An'Maggie said she know'd If I had a beard I would be The bestest king that grow'd.

They hain't no girl as sweet as her, 'Cause Maggie's good as gold, Fer when I broke Ma's biggest clock

Dear Maggie never told;

They hain't no eyes as deep as her'n,

An'Maggie's are jest as blue As robin's eggs, er buff'lo flow'rs,

Er bluebells filled with dew!

Now, Maggie says when we're grow'd up

She'll marry me some day, O, I love Maggie more an'more,

In jest the sweetest way!

An'then when she's my wife fer sure,

I hope I'll not forget To call her honeysweet sometimes,

Instid of Marga-ret!

Harrison R. Merrill

PRESTON, IDAHO Editors'Table

The Great War

It would not be at all surprising if the present great war, now spreading terror over the nations, should end in upsetting and changing the forms of government now in vogue in Europe so as to grant more liberty to the masses. The time appears ripe

for a change that shall take the power of declaring war from the single monarch or war lord and give it to representatives of the people. Many have expressed themselves that the day of the

Republic is about to dawn over eastern and middle Europe.

This war will go far in determining that question. One thing

is certain, the doctrine of peace by armed force, held to so long and tenaciously by czars, kings and emperors, is a failure, and should without question forever be abandoned. It has been

wrong from the beginning. That we get what we prepare for is

literally true in this case. For years it has been held that peace

comes only by preparation for war; the present conflict should

prove that peace comes only by preparing for peace, through training the people in righteousness and justice, and selecting rulers who respect the righteous will of the people.

The dispatches report a common soldier of the German army as saying, "This is not a people's war, it is a war of the leaders."

But as one writer has aptly said: "Out of this sacrifice will come

a resolution firmly taken to have no more wheatgrowers, and growers of corn, makers of wine, miners and fishers, artizans and traders sailors and storekeepers, offered up with prayer to the Almighty in a feudal slaughter, armed against one another, without hate, or without cause they know, or, if they know, would give a penny which way it was determined."

Each of those who are responsible for the decision of war in the present European horror, expressed himself at the beginning of the war, as expecting that the Lord would be on his side and would work victory for him. Each commended his subjects to

God. "Go to church and kneel before God, and pray for his help

for our gallant army,"the Kaiser is reported to have said from his balcony to the people in the street. And to his soldiers he is

reported to have said: "Go with your hearts to God, and your

fists to the enemy."And so with the Czar and the Emperor of Austria—both commended their subjects to God.

At the Kremlin, Emperor Nicholas prayed: "God be with

us."But is it because they believe in their righteous cause

EDITORS'TABLE 1075

that these rulers call upon God, or is it done to appease their own ambitions and the religious feelings of their subjects, the better to spur them on to war and carnage to suit the rulers'purposes?

The Lord has little if anything to do with this war. He will

overrule things so that good will come out of it, but he will not heed the war lords who have transgressed his laws, changed his ordinances, and broken the everlasting covenant and arrogated to themselves authority which has never been conferred upon them. The true religion of Christ, which teaches peace on

earth and good will to man, and which would prevent them from engaging in war and slaughter, they have never adopted. While

they seemingly acknowledge allegiance to the Christian religon, they are not touched nor influenced by its teachings, for these are fundamentally opposed to war and discord, and look to a final gathering of all mankind into one great brotherhood ruled by love. These leading, socalled Christian rulers of the nations pretend to pray to the God of peace and love, and yet with all their

might make preparation to fly at each others'throats, even as the uncivilized heathens do who have never heard of Christ. Some

are inclined, therefore, to consider their course an indictment against the gospel of Christ, because it has had no influence on their lives. It is not so much an indictment against the gospel as

against those professing Christian rulers "who draw near to me with their lips, but their hearts are far from me; they teach for

doctrines the commandments of men; having a form of godliness,

but they deny the power thereof."Many of them do not even

pretend to live up to those teachings in their daily lives.

There is only one thing that can bring peace into the world.

It is the adoption of the gospel of Jesus Christ, rightly understood, obeyed and practiced by rulers and people alike. It is being

preached in spirit to all nations, kindreds, tongues and peoples of the world, by the Latterday Saints, and the day is not far distant when its message of salvation shall sink deep into the hearts of the common people, who, in sincerity and earnestness, when the time comes, will not only surely register their judgment against a false Christianity, but against war and the makers of war as crimes against the human race.

Not long hence, and the voice of the people shall be obeyed and the true gospel of peace shall dominate the hearts of the mighty. It will then be impossible for war lords to have power

over the life and death of millions of men as they now have, to decree the ruin of commerce, industry, and growing fields, or to cause untold mental agony and human misery like plague and pestilence to prevail over the nations. It looks much as if after the

devastation of wars, as promised in the scriptures, (and who shall say that it may not follow this war?) the selfconstituted monarchs must give way to rulers chosen by the people,, who

1076 IMPROVEMENT ERA

shall be guided by the doctrines of love and peace as taught in the gospel of our Lord. There will then be instituted

a new social order in which the welfare of all shall be uppermost and all shall be permitted to live in the utmost liberty and happiness.

In the presence of the appalling combat now going on, whatever may befall, we can only pray that peace may speedily come to the afflicted nations, and that the Lord will open the way for the gospel of peace, liberty, and spiritual and temporal salvation that it may be espoused by every nation, kindred, tongue and people. Joseph F. Smith.

Austria and Servia

The conflict now progressing in Europe promises to deluge the warring nations with blood, and to destroy untold billions of material wealth, the loss of which sooner or later is sure to be sorely felt throughout the whole world. While the immediate

cause of the trouble between Austria and Servia was the assassination of the Archduke Franz Ferdinand, on June 28, the real cause, as has been pointed out by Dr. Tanner in this number, dates

back to 1878, and even farther. Bosnia and Herzegovina, in

which states more than half of the Servian people live, were then placed in the power of Austria, which country some thirty years later formally annexed them. The trouble between Austria and

Servia has two roots, one economic and the other national. The

first pertains to present day needs, the other to pride in their past history and national hope for the future. One can readily understand the first, as pointedly stated in the New York Independent,

by placing oneself in the Servian's place

Imagine a country about the size of Maryland, but with twice the population, though without Maryland's mineral and maritime wealth;

a mountainous country, fourfifths of it uncultivated, much of it oak forest. It is a decapitated country, the upper classes killed off, driven

away or proselyted during the Ottoman occupation, no princes of either the monarchical or mercantile kind, few capitalists or great landowners such as dominate neighboring Roumania. It is a land of

peasant proprietors; "A Poor Man's Paradise,"the scribbling tourist

is fond of calling it, although it is doubtful whether the poor man enjoys living in such a country as much as he does where there is more money going, even though he does not have so much of it as some others. The people are Slavic by race, Asiatic in culture, fourfifths

of the adults illiterate, Greek Orthodox by religion, frugal, hardwork- ing, independent, democratic and patriotic.

Given such a people in such a country what are they to do for a living? Obviously not much except to grow grain and meat for export.

Hogs can find their food in most of the oak woods and be fattened on the corn of the fields, but where can they be sold? Not to the southward, for the Mohammedans of Macedonia and the Jews of Salonika

EDITORS'TABLE 1077

do not eat pork. But to the north just across the Danube is a big,

rich country inhabited mostly by Catholics who have no aversion to swineflesh except on one day of the week. AustriaHungary is then

the natural market for Servian products, and here they mostly go.

But whenever Austria wants to annoy Servia or to please Hungary all she has to do is to raise the tariff rates on transDanubian produce or prohibit the importation of Servian pigs or poultry by quarantine rules on the ground of some suppositious disease. By the practice of such

tactics, called by the German writers, "Schweinpolitik,"Austria has reduced Servia to a condition of economic dependence from which

Servia is striving to free herself by securing an outlet to the sea and so to the wide world market. But so far Austria has checkmated this endeavor. Last year, at the sacrifice of some seventy thousand men,

Servia cleared the way to the Adriatic, but now finds herself shut out from the sea by the interposition of the Albanian principality manufactured for the purpose.

But the frustration of her national, which includes her social, rather than her industrial, development, thinks the Independent.

is the chief grudge which Servia has against her neighbor, Austria.

Looking back some six hundred years, the Serbs remember when

Steffan the Daring conquered nearly all the Balkan peninsula, and combined in one ruler the glories of both ancient Greece and

Rome. They still dream of a Servian nation and kingdom. They

dreamed of it in 1878, when they sought to throw off the Turkish yoke. They dreamed of it in 1913, when they succeeded in throwing off that yoke, and in making their way to the sea, but Austria,

in both instances, stepped in and prevented them from obtaining the richest portion of the reward for which they fought. Austria,

they think, has stood in the way of the possibility of a Servian empire, or a Greater Servia, of which they dream, or even of one country of the Servian race alone. It was Austria who insisted

upon the establishment of the new principality of Albania when, upon all just grounds, that portion of the country in the recent adjustment of the Balkan states, should have fallen to Servia.

Whether the Servians are better off under the Austrian rule than their more independent neighbors across the Danube is a question under dispute. Tourists report that Bosnia is more prosperous

and progressive than Servia, but the contentment of a people is not to be measured by commercial statistics. The Independent

continues The Serbs in Bosnia complain that taxes are much higher than they used to be under the Turkish regime, that they are being strangled by the redtape of the Austrian bureaucracy, that the schools arc under the control of Catholic priests, that they cannot sing the old songs, that their press is muzzled, and that the Government discriminates in various ways against the Orthodox Serbs and in favor of the Catholic Croats.

This accumulated resentment against Austria resulted in the tragedy of June 28, when a Servian student, lately returned from Belgrade, aflame with racial fanaticism, assassinated the Austrian heirapparent and his wife in Sarayevo, the capital of the annexed province 1078 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of Bosnia. This is the method used by the Serbs in their own country

for getting rid of unpopular rulers, so it is no wonder that it should have been adopted in the case of the Austrian. In a hundred years

Servia has had eight rulers, of whom three have been assassinated and four deposed by revolution or the threat of one. It does not yet seem

likely that the present King Peter will prove an exception to the rule and complete his reign by a natural death. He owes his throne to

the officers of the army, who, eleven years ago, entered the palace by night and murdered King Alexander and Queen Draga as well as the premier, the minister of war and two of the queen's brothers. The

outrages inflicted on their bodies by those who both before and afterward held high office in the state, make quite credible the reports of atrocities committed by the Serbs on unarmed Bulgars and Albanians in the late war.

The Great War of the Nations

This paragraph is quoted from a stirring editorial on the great war of the nations, which appeared in the Glasgow (Scotland) Herald, August 3. On that date the war was impending.

Today it is engulfing Europe in blood and tears,- and filling the whole world with terror:

"It is done."In apocalyptic vision the opening of the seventh seal

saw the nations gathered together to Armageddon. "And there came

a great voice * * * saying. It is done."The calamity by which

men have been fearfully attracted or terribly repelled for a generation is upon us, and who shall say that before the world has exhausted its horrors the language and imagery of religious prophecy, so often employed to describe the possibilities of the day of universal trial and suffering, will exceed the grim realities? Four of the great military powers of the Continent have appealed to the vast engines of destruction,

on which for more than a generation they have expended countless millions, to determine their quarrel. From the Danube to the Seine a

state of war prevails. Hundreds of thousands of combatants are

already in motion; the movement of millions of armed men is impending. Europe is shaken by the tread of its embattled hosts. The bonds

of union constructed by trade and commerce have been dissolved, and civilization has shrunk behind walls of bayonets and the instruments of slaughter. The reason on which we had depended to avert the tremendous conflict has been dethroned, and the religion which ought to

have prevailed for the benefit of humanity has been claimed by the combatants to redeem what, on one side or the other, must be the worst of causes, each appealing confidently to a tribal God. So be it.

The means have brought the tragic end. For decades Europe has

groaned under the tyranny of the armed peace. Progress has been

mocked by the conditions which a triumphant military system imposed.

The fine dreams which enchanted the nineteenth century reformers and inspired so many heroic actions fled before the reality of liberty achieved for the sole end of magnifying a military despositsm. As

somebody has said, German and Italian enthusiasts fought for Paradise and found a parade ground. The conditions have proved to be intolerable. The structure poised on bayonets has toppled over, and in its

EDITORS'TABLE 1079

fall threatens to crush to the dust the nations beneath, and to paralyze for incalculable periods of time activities which the world can ill spare.

Their Verdict of War

Gecrge Washington: My first wish is to see the whole world at

peace, and the inhabitants of it as one band of brothers, striving which should most contribute to the happiness of mankind.

Abraham Lincoln: With malice toward none, with charity for all,

with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right, let us strive * * * to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves and with all nations.

Emanuel Kant: The method by which states prosecute their rights

cannot under present conditions be a process of law, since no court exists having jurisdiction over them, but only war. But through war,

even if it result in victory, the question of right is not decided.

William Ellery Channing: The doctrine that violence, oppression, in humanity, is an essential element of society, is so revolting

that, did I believe it. I would say. let society perish, let man and his

works be swept away, and the earth be abandoned to the brutes. Better that the globe should be tenanted by brutes than by brutalized men.

Robert E. Lee: But what a cruel thing is war, to separate and

destroy families and friends, and mar the purest joy and happiness God has granted to us in this world to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors and to devastate the fair face of the beautiful world.

Victor Hugo: A day will come when the only battlefield will be

the market open to commerce and the mind opening to new ideas. A

day will come when bullets and bombshells will be replaced by votes, by the universal suffrage of nations, by the venerable arbitration of a great sovereign senate, which will be to Europe what the parliament is to England, what the diet is to Germany, what the legislative assembly is to France. A day will come when a cannon will be exhibited

in public museums, just as an instrument of torture is now, and people will be astonished how such a thing could have been. A day will come

when these two immense groups, the United States of America and the United States of Europe, shall be seen placed in presence of each other, extending the hand of fellowship across the ocean.

Suspicious

Last spring the associate editor was appointed to visit a conntry ward near Salt Lake City. Arrivingat the meetinghouse

a little early for the meeting, no one was present except a boy who was standing in the yard watching with curious interest the new arrival. Having twenty minutes to spare, the editor determined to spend them with his voting friend. After passing the

time of day, they began to talk about the new schoolhouse a lovely building, two stories high, built of brick, airy and clean.

1080 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"What do they call it?"

"Oakwood,"said the boy.

"Why?""I don't know unless because there was once some oakbrush where it stands."

"What is that other unfinished building over there?"

"That's the new ward meetinghouse."

Then thev leisurely walked over to inspect it. The visitor

learned that the boy was ten years of age, not yet old enough to be a scout, but was going to be one when old enough. He

was specially interested in the new house, and told the visitor that "it cost a good deal of money,"but a man had promised to pay for a large colored window, at the gable end of the building, and that would "help a lot."

Returning, they continued the conversation, and being interested in vocations for young men, the editor said "What are you going to work at when you grow up?"

"I don't know."

"Are you going to be a farmer?"

, After a pause, the boy said, "If there's one thing I don't like, it's farming—too many weeds."

"But it's a good business,"said the visitor, "healthful and pleasant. I like it. You ought to see my garden. I have onions,

beets, carrots, peas, cucumbers, beans and corn, and not a weed in the whole lot."

Another long pause. The young man looked up with a suspicious twinkle in his eye

"Do you do the hoeing yourself, or do you make your boys do it?"Luckily the bishop greeted them at the steps of the meetinghouse at that moment, and the answer was postponed, but the incident taught the good lesson which all men need to learn, that embarrassment is sure to come to him who allows himself to carry unearned honors.

Messages from the Missions

In a letter to James Dwyer, Allan S. Tingey, of Salt Lake City,

writes from Augsburg, Germany: "The longer I stay over here the

more I realize how blessed I am in being born in the tops of the mountains and of good 'Mormon'parents. Here are many poor people

groping about in gross darkness for some one thing to grasp hold of, through which to earn a salvation in God's kingdom. They are sincere, and I believe at times that our merciful Father in heaven looks

down upon them saying: 'My children, my children, how oft would I

have gathered you under my wings as a hen gathereth her chicks, but

EDITORS'TABLE 1081

you would not.'The people are so firmly imbedded in their belief that

it seems almost impossible to make them see the light. Day after day.

I am turned away from their doors because their preacher has told them to have nothing to do with us. However, I am not discouraged,

for I really feel that some day, perhaps, an elder will come here and be able to reap a harvest from the seeds which I have scattered here and there. We must remember that Rome was not built in a day,

aad neither can these people be brought to see this gospel jn its true light in a single day, or even in a single year."

President Ray Finlinsonof the Montana Conference,- Northwestern States Mission, writes, July 1:."The work in this conference is

prospering, and the spirit of enthusiasm accompanying the labors of

the elders aids them materially in placing the truth before many people. Elders laboring in the Butte branch, top row, left to right: Ray

Finlinson, John Q. Dutson, Oak City; Henry Williams, Vernal, Utah;

Logan Brimhall, Taylor, Arizona."

Elders James A. Loveless, Jr., and Marcus L. Robbins, Lancashire, England, June 14, 1914: "The city of Nelson is perhaps a town

having more Socialists, in proportion to its population, than any other town in the United Kingdom. It is in the great cottonweaving district of Lancashire. Weavingsheds and smokestacks are numerous, and attract the visitor, and particularly the 'Mormon'elder who

comes from the clear atmosphere of the mountain valleys. A thriving

branch of the Liverpool Conference of the Church is located at Nelson. It is one of the four in the district, each about five miles apart.

The people treat the elders well. Much street work is done; even during last summer when men openly opposed us on the streets, slandering our leaders, we were able to continue our work, due to the fairmindedness of the people who gathered to listen. The people here

are inclined to love pleasure more than religion, but we think persistent effort is sure to bring forth fruit. Elders who have labored in

the Nelson Branch, Liverpool Conference, during the past year, stand1082 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ins:, left to right: Marcus L. Robbins, Salt Lake; Oscar J. Hendry,

Wellsville; sitting, James A. Loveless, Jr., Provo; C. Leroy Madsen,

Salt Lake; Reuben J. Owen, Springville, Utah.

Charles I. Wilson, Dundee, Scotland, June 4: "The

people here receive us and accept our literature very freely. They seem to be

finding out that there are good things in 'Mormonism.'The main industries

here are the manufacturing of jams and there are also a great number of jute mills which give employment to many young people. Elders in the picture, left to

right, standing: George G.

Howarth, Nephi; Evan G.

Evans, Union, Oregon; top

row: Charles I. Wilson

and William H. Keysor,

Salt Lake City.

W. Clarence Smith, York, England, July 3: "The Saints in the

York branch, in the Hull Conference, are earnest and energetic workers in promulgating the gospel. This has caused many investigators

to come out to our Sunday school and sacrament meetings. We have

a well attended Sunday school. A portrait of the members is given

herewitht. Several shows have been playing here in York, such as

"A 'Mormon'and His Wives,"misrepresenting the Latterday Saints, and these have caused some little strife. On the other hand, we have

many friends who otherwise would not have listened to our preaching. The elders visit the Adult Bible school, not of our faith, regularly,

and have had interviews with some of York's most prominent business men and ministers. Elders, middle row: Alex. Orgill, presiding

EDITORS'TABLE 10K3

elder; Ray TA Nichols, president of the Hull Conference; front row,

WT Clarence Smith, superintendent of Sunday school. The elders

named wear buttoniers.

Elder R. Leo Rallison, Broken Hill, New South Wales. Australia,

June 15: "Elder S. Glenn Merrill and I arrived in this city on April 3.

last. This city, is located about three hundred and thirtyfive mile's

north of Adelaide and has a population of about 35,000. Lead, silver

and zinc are mined here, and it is said that about onefourth of the world's lead is produced here. It is called the harrier.

and rightly named, too. because it is; stir

rounded on all three sides by a vast,, sterile desert. The rainfall during the year

is about four or five inches, very irregular and uncertain, and keeps'the people in constant fear of drought. The rain that

falls is preserved in reservoirs and tanks from which it is used at the mines and for culinary purposes. This is a new

field of labor and upon our arrival the people knew nothing of 'Mormonism'except the false reports they had read in magazines. A very few had ever seen a

'Mormon'before. We obtained permission to speak on the streets and have held some very successful street

meetings and have met with exceptional success in tracting. Upon our

arrival we found a friend in Mr. R. H. Trezise. a local Methodist

preacher, and an investigator of our doctrines, who assisted us in many ways to obtain a start. We now have a number of friends and

investigators and many have confessed that they had very erroneous conceptions of the Latterday Saints and that they cannot get away from the plain and simple truths they have heard in our testimony.

1084 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The truths of 'Mormonism'must appeal to the honest in heart everywhere."

Elder J. Arthur Wood, Norwich conference, England: "The

work of the Lord is prospering in this locality. The elders feel encouraged and hope to accomplish much in delivering their gospel message to the people, during the summer. We have a number of earnest

investigators who attend our meetings, and we hope to increase the number considerably through open air meetings. We meet with some

opposition and ridicule, but have a good attendance at our meetings.

We consider opposition necessary for advancement, and believe it makes us more determined and causes a stronger feeling of unity among those who have affiliated themselves with the great latterday work. The people are less prejudiced against us now than a year

ago. lhe ridiculous accusations are beginning to be considered by

the people as so much wilful fabrication. In Ipswich, where we had

so much trouble and persecution last year, the bitter feeling towards us has decreased considerably. We have many friends there at present, and our meetings are increasing in attendance. Elders, back row,

left to right: J. G. Bullock, Provo; Wm. Werrett Jr., Silver City;

F. L. Bentley, Parowan; J. B. Stewart Jr., Salt Lake City, Utah;

Joseph R. Pendry, Paris, Idaho; F. E. Nelson, Logan; C. W. Tonks,

Morgan, Utah; center row: J. R. Standage, Mesa, Arizona; J. Arthur

Wood, Clerk of the Conference, Salt Lake City; James D. Thorne,

conference president, Pleasant Grove, Utah; J. L. Nelson, Lorenzo,

Idaho; Benjamin Ward, Richfield; front row: Henry Yates, Brigham City; R. Fay Facer, Hyrum, Utah."

Priesthood Quorums'Table Answers to Questions.—I. Question: When and by whom were the

Nephites ordained to the Priesthood before the time of Christ?

Answer: Lehi, founder of the Nephite race, was a prophet of the

Lord, in Jerusalem, and had the Priesthood before he was commanded of the Lord to leave the land of his nativity and journey to the promised land. Nephi, his son, also was a prophet, and held the Priesthood,

and most likely the other sons of Lehi held the Priesthood also, but

Laman and Lemuel failed to magnify their callings. Lehi and Nephi

could not have conversed with the Lord as they did nor received the commandments which they recorded in their scriptures without holding the Holy Priesthood. Who ordained them is not stated in the

Book of Mormon, but the Priesthood they held was conferred upon their posterity from generation to generation.

II. Question: Why did kings reign among the Nephites when

they were keeping the commandments of God? They were promised

that no kings should rule over them.

Answer: The promise was not made that, "no kings should rule

over"the Nephites. The reference referred to is evidently that found

in II Nephi 10:1116. This prophecy had reference to the time of the

Gentiles, and reads: "And this land shall be a land of liberty unto the

Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land, who shall raise up unto the Gentiles,"etc. It has no reference to the Nephite nation.

However, for hundreds of years the Nephites were ruled by Judges.

(See Mosiah, 29th chapter.)

III. Question: When did the Nephites first begin to inhabit

North America?

Answer: About six hundred years before the birth of Christ.

M I A SCOUTS ON THE SUMMIT OF LITTLE MOUNTAIN, JULY 24. 1914 Mutual Work

Y. M. M. I. A. Manual for 191415

The Senior text book for the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Associations, this season, is entitled "The Vocations of Man,"and contains chapters on the need of vocations, division of labor, classification of man's activities, etc., agriculture, the trades, business, engineering, architecture, medicine, law, politics, teaching, art and music iournalism, mining, manufacturing, research, science, inventions, etc. Each

of the subjects is treated under the following headings: (1) number

of people employed; (2) personal qualities desirable; (3) preparation

necessary; (4) effect on the individual; (5) compensation; (6) opportunities for advancement; (7) conditions of success; (8) how to enter;

(9) relation to other vocations and the community.

Dr. F. S. Harris, the author, has entered thoroughly into the details

of the work, and has provided valuable data on every subject presented.

It should be one of the most instructive and practical manuals that lias ever been placed before our young men. The stake vocations

and industries supervisors and the ward counselors, are invited to pay close attention to the lessons this year. They will be of great

value and assistance in their vocation work, as well as highly beneficial to the young man seeking to know what to take up for his life's work.

The Y. M. M. I. A. Junior Manual, 191415

The junior manual will consist of fifteen lessons on conduct, illustrated with about one hundred stories, in the series on "The Development of Character,"now being studied by the junior classes. Among

the chapters are these: service, sacrifice, belief in Providence, prayer,

example, habit, obedience to counsel, courage, visions, inspirations, dreams, duty, truth, work, idleness, cleanliness, temperance, leisure, recreation, games and pleasure, and reverence. Officers of the association are referred to the "Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book,"page 23, for instructions on how to organize and conduct junior classes effectively, and

so that the boys may be recognized at the close of the season with the

M. I. A. junior classpin. Attendance, conduct, and the knowledge of

the text are among the requirements. There were thirtyfive wards in

twentyfour stakes, and about 350 junior class members who received pins in 1913. The stakes should be doubled, the wards at least ten times

as many, and the members indefinitely multiplied for the season of 1914. Get vigorous class leaders, and begin the work early. The lessons are attractive, and the stories of great moral value as w,ell as being

useful in storytelling and publicspeaking.

Y. M. M. I. A. Reading Course, 191415

For Seniors:

"Their Yesterdays"—Harold Bell Wright; price 50c. "The Story and Philosophy of Mormonism"—Talmage; price 35c. "The Fair God"—General Lew Wallace; price 50c.

MUTUAL WORK 1087

For Juniors:

"Chester Lawrence"—Nephi Anderson; price 75c.

"The Young Farmer"—George B. Hall; price $1.00.

"From Cattle Ranch to College,"—Russell Doubleday; price 50c.

Change of Officers in Canada A change in the superintendency of the Y. M. M. I. A. of the Taylor

stake was effected at the late cconvention held in Raymond, Canada,

August 12 and 13, 1914. Elder Mark H. Brimhall, who has served the

organization as superintendent for over eleven years, resigned his position as stake superintendent and was released because of his being required to move out from the settlement to a ranch some eight miles away. Elder Mark Y. Croxall, of Raymond, was sustained as superintendent, with L. P. Skouson first, and D. C. Selman second counselor,

and Octave Ursenbach secretary.

In the retirement of Superintendent Brimhall, the Y. M. M. I. A.

loses a faithful officer who has devoted his energies for many years to the building up of the organization. He has faithfully put into practice

the instructions of the General Board to the organizations, and as a result perceptible growth has characterized the membership in his stake. The Era congratulates Superintendent Brimhall upon his labors

in which he has doubtless found much pleasure in watching the growth and development of the young men morally and intellectually under his jurisdiction. We congratulate the new superintendent and trust that

he may be as successful in the work.

The Short Drama

After consideration it has been thought best to offer only the one act farce for this year. This may be obtained at the Deseret News

Book Store, or the Salt Lake Costume House, Salt Lake City, for 15c per copy.

This farce is for ward, stake, district, stake and interstake contests, not for the June conference contest.

act. "The Obstinate Family"—a farce in one

Points for judgment:

1. Stage setting and stage business 33 1-3%.

Note: Each company should have the same outside setting on the

stage as per diagram given below. This stage setting should

6ARDEN SCENES

O o o

be made jointly by the contesting companies. The arrangement of the furniture and properties of the inside is left tc the

individual companies.

1088 IMPROVEMENT ERA

The characterization of the individual parts and the sustaining of the characterization 33 1-3%.

The team work (by this is meant the supporting of one character by another); the listening, and "by play"(action when not speaking; the promptness in picking up cues; in getting on and off the

stage, and the keeping up of the movement of the play 33 1-3%.

EACH YEAR M. I. A. SCOUTS HIKE OVER THE PIONEER TRAIL.

ASCENDING LITTLE MOUNTAIN, JULY, 24, 1914

M. I. A. SCOUTS AROUND THE PIONEER TRAILMARK, SUMMIT OF

BIG MOUNTAIN, JULY 23, 1914 Passing Events

Sugar prices in Utah advanced three dollars per hundred in Vugust, owing to the war in Europe. In England the price advanced in

one day three times normal, sugar selling for thirteen cents a pound instead of four and a quarter.

J. M. Sjodahl, editor of the Deseret Evening News, recently tendered his resignation, after many years of faithful labor. Elder LeRoy

Bourne, it was announced by the First Presidency, will occupy the position made vacant by Editor Sjodahl.

From Scotland to Norway, over the North Sea, in four hours and ten minutes, was the feat of Lieut. Tryggve Gran, a Norwegian aviator. He left Cruden Bay, Aberdeenshire, at 1:08 p. m., July 20, and

arrived at Klep, near Stavanger, Norway, at 5:17 p. m., English time,

covering a distance of 320 miles at an average speed of just over 76 miles an hour. It is said to be the longest aviation trip from land to

land ever taken.

Russia and Poland. Russia, according to dispatches, has offered

Poland autonomy, and the privilege of its own language, provided she will prove loval to Russia under the present war. This is a remarkable offer for Russia to make. However, it is reported in the telegrams

that Austria has also issued a proclamation to the Poles, calling upon them to join the AustroGermanic army, as Austria will bring them freedom from Muscovite rule.

The completion of the Orem Road to Provo. A celebration of

the completion of the Orem interurban road to Provo was held on the 14th of August, at Provo. Representatives from the surrounding cities

and towns met, and, under the direction of the Provo Commercial

Club, a suitable program was carried out. Speeches were made by

Samuel C. Park, mayor of Salt Lake City, by Governor William Spry,

and by President William C. Orem and others.

The International Harvester Company was declared to be a monopoly in restraint of interstate and foreign trade by Judges Walter I.

Smith and William C. Hook, in the United States court at St. Paul,

August 12. The company was ordered dissolved. The corporation is

capitalized at one hundred and forty millions, and is ordered to submit plans for the dissolution of the combination into at least three independent concerns, within ninety days. Failing in this, the court will

entertain an application for the appointment of a receiver for all the properties of the corporation. George T. Odell, of the Consolidated

Wagon & Machine Co., declared that the dissolution of the company

would likely result in a raise rather than a lowering in price of farm machinery.

President Joseph F. Smith visited Canada with Presiding Bishop

Charles 'W. Nibley and Bishop David A. Smith, in early August. They

made an inspection of the foundation of the temple which is being erected in Cardston, and attended the Taylor and Alberta stake conferences. At the Cardston conference President Joseph F. Smith said,

in relation to the raising of a local squadron by Major H. B. Brown

for service in the army: "It is the duty of all Latterday Saints to be

1090 IMPROVEMENT ERA

loyal to the country in which they reside, and if exigencies should arise in Canada, as they have arisen in England, our blessed motherland, the

Latterday Saints are prepared to do their part. If you here are called

to the defense of your country we want you to be loyal. Ours is a

blessed country, and we will defend it with our lives if necessary. We

do not want war and bloodshed, but if they come, and your services are required, be loyal and help to defend your country."The company

returned, after a ten days'visit, on August 14, 10 a. m.

Mr. J. S. Perkins, formerly assistant manager of the Herald Square

Hotel, New York, and at present associated with the Marlborough

Hotel, 3637 Broadway, New York, pays the following splendid tribute to the character of the Latterday Saints, particularly do his statements apply to the missionaries whom he has principally entertained.

He says in a letter to Mr. W. C. Spence of Salt Lake City:

"During the past twentyfive years I have roomed possibly ten thousand 'Mormons,'and wish to say that I have never known one of them to leave a hotel with his bill unpaid, nor did I ever see one of them under the influence of liquor, two cardinal virtues which I think might be successfully copied by communicants of other denominations. I have no particular creed myself, other than a firm belief

in the Ten Commandments and future rewards and punishments. I

firmly believe that every man has a right to worship God in his own way. under his own vine and fig tree as he may see fit, with no one

to molest or make him afraid."

Mrs. Woodrow Wilson, wife of the President of the United Staf.es,

died at the White House, August 6, 1914. Death came after a brave

struggle of months against brights disease with complications. The

president's tender for peace to the warring nations of Europe, was written while he was sitting at the bedside of Mrs. Wilson. Every

moment that could be spared from his office the president spent at her side. She was his constant coworker in the past. On the morning of

her death, the Senate, realizing her condition, passed in silent concurrence her Alley bill for the destruction of Washington slums a bill in which she was deeply interested. While she was still conscious, this

cheering news was brought to her. It was the strain of social work,

and the duties of entertainment that sapped her life. The whole nation

sympathizes with the President in the great grief that has come upon him. "The people grieve,"one editor has stated, as quoted in the

Literacy Digest, "but at such a time as this there is no way for anv mortal man to lighten the load or lessen the grief of President Wilson."

Mrs. Wilson's body was buried at Myrtle Hill cemetery, Rome, Ga.,

August 11. Thousands of visitors came to Rome to do honor to her

memory, and a Sabbathlike quiet prevailed.

Ithamar Sprague.—In reading in the Era No. 7 of the resting place

of the Saints at Mount Pisgah, and having brothers and sisters laid to rest there, I beg a small space in your magazine for a brief incident in the life of my father, Ithamar Sprague. After my father joined

the "Mormon"Church he met and married a girl by the name of

Betsy Gardner. She was not in the Church, but he married her in

hopes of converting her to his faith later on. This, however, required

a long time. She would say to him, "I don't believe in your faith, but

I believe in you. Where you go I will go, and what you suffer I will

suffer in life."At Pisgah they lost three children, the name of one

being Fonzo. After they gathered with the Saints my father's wife

said to him one day: "Isn't death an awful thing. We are married

PASSING EVENTS. 1091

until death do us part. Death to me looks like a leap into the dark,

and I fear that we shall never see our children again. The Latterday

Saints believe that we will meet on the other side of the veil and be more happy there than we are here with those whom \ e have loved upon the earth. This is a glorious principle, and I Wish to be baptized this very day."She then joined the Church.

.When she was sick at Pisgah she told my father: "1 am going

to die and when the Saints have built a temple I want you to do the work for me and my folks."She then bade him goodbye, and stated

that she and the children would meet him beyond the vail. The work

in the Temple has been done, and my mother undoubtedly has received the blessings and is associating with her little ones. I desire to get

this stated about my father and mother. I was born in the old fort,

at Ogden City, in 1851. I lost my beloved wife over two years ago.

Your brother in the gospel, Ithamar Sprague, Jr.

Entrance into the City of Mexico by the Constitutionalists was delayed by the insistence of General Carranza that the surrender of the city by the Federals, under Carbajal, should be unconditional. To

this Carbajal did not agree, and hence, on August 13, he retired with his army and associates from the City of Mexico, leaving it to Eduardo

Sturbide, governor of the Federal District, who later signed a formal peace pact with General

Obregon, representing the Constitutionalists. This document

formed the basis under which the Constitutionalists were to enter the capital. It guaranteed

the life and property of the citizens, and promised a peaceful occuption. President Carbajal

and his associates went to Vera

Cruz and the Federal army, under Velasco, former minister of war, retired to some place unknown, having first taken with them considerable war material.

President Carbajal issued a manifesto to the nation prior to his leaving, in which he said, according to the dispatches, that'he had done his best in a provisional capacity to save the country from further bloodshed, but his peaceful overtures had been met on the part of the ConstitutionCARRANZA THE NEW RULER alists by uncompromising deOF MEXICO mands for an unconditional surrender.

Two paths lay before him, he said—to fight or accede to the Constitutionalists. Under such conditions the president claimed that his

government could not longer exist, and he concluded:

"I leave the high post which I have occupied in the belief that I have fulfilled my duty toward my country, and entrust the lives and interests in the capital to the governor of the federal district.

"The whole responsibility for the future rests with the revolution, and if we should behold with affliction a repetition of the situation, which I am trying to put an end to, the truth will be manifested once more that by violence society cannot be reconstructed."

1092 IMPROVEMENT ERA

General Obregon took peaceful possession of the City of Mexico on August 15. He and his soldiers were greeted by the citizens with

cheers. The city was gaily decorated, and for the first time in many

months, the American flag flew beside the Mexican color;; General

Carranza, with the main body of the army, were scheduled to enter

Mexico City on Thursday, the 20th. There is said to be great friction

between General Villa and First Chief Carranza, and a new revolution is feared.

The Panama Canal.—The "Alliance,"of the Panama line, was the

first ship to pass through Gatun locks on June 8, preliminary to the official opening, Augustl5. The picture shows this ocean liner leaving

the upper west chamber on her way to Gatun lake, on the Pacific side of the divide. It is said that it took an hour and twentyfour minutes

for this vessel to ascend from the sea level to Gatun Lake, eightyfive feet. The return trip was about ten minutes longer. The "Alliance"

passed through the locks on June 8. While she is only a small steamer

and had only a gross tonnage of four thousand when she went throuerh the lock, the test is considered as good as if she had been one of the biggest liners afloat. The experimental trip was to try out the electrical towing machines, which operated with the accuracy of a perfectly regulated clock. The speed by which the test was made, however, is not considered indicative of the time that it will require to take

a larger ship through the locks. The canal was officially opened on

August 15, "free and open to the vessels of commerce and of war of all nations on terms of entire equality."The war department liner

"Ancon"passed the entire canal in nine hours, accompanied with playing of bands, ringing of bells, shrieking of whistles, and decked in flags and ensigns of all nations, the Stars and Stripes fluttering to the jack staff, and many high government officials taking part, including

Colonel Goethals, who was instrumental in bringing the monstrous task to a successful end.

The European war came about in this manner: Austria and Servia

came to serious relations on July 23, when the former country disPASSING EVENTS. 1093

patched a note to Belgrade, the capital of the latter. This note referred

to the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand, as the culmination to antiAustrian conspiracies hatched by PanSlavic sympathizers under Servian protection. This was the immediate firebrand that started

the European war conflagration, though the primary cause dates many years into the past. Austria demanded that Servia give definite assurance henceforth to prevent antiAustrian agitators from carrying on

their propaganda in that country. The demand was sharp and unusual

and required also that Austrian officers should have part in the investigation of the alleged propaganda. On the 26th, Servia announced

that she would comply with most of Austria's demands, but wished that the stipulation that the Austrian officers take part in the investigation be referred for settlement to The Hague. The reply of Servia

was unsatisfactory to the Austrian government, which denounced it as "filled with the spirit of dishonesty, which clearly leaves it to be seen that the Servian government is not seriously determined to put an end to the culpable tolerance it hitherto has extended to intrigues against the AustraiHungary monarchy."Then, on July 28, Austria declared

war against Servia, her stand being, according to her ambassador to the United States, "the defensive act of a man whose bedroom was being entered at midnight by an assassin."The next day Austrian

artillery began bombarding Belgrade, the war spreading thence until it has transformed Europe from a peaceful continent into an unparalleled battlefield. It has plunged the leading nations of Europe into what'

public opinion in America considers a war "senseless, insane and utterly without cause"—a war in which the European powers, after ten

years of careful preparation, are at last arrayed in a struggle the like of which has no comparison since Europe was arrayed against Napoleon one hundred years ago.

With Austria invading Servia, Russia became alarmed, not only for political reasons, but because the Russians are in fraternal sympathy with the Serbs, being men of a similar race and kind—both

Slavs. The war is fundamentally a war of Teuton against Slav. Russia

began to mobolize her army to aid the Serbs. It was set forth, also

by her, that Austria had forced important railroad concessions from

Turkey, seized Bosnia and Herzegovina, and interfered with the Balkan states both before and after their war with Turkey. All this had

been committed against the desires and "benevolent intervention"of

Russia. "We have stood this thing for seven and a half years,"said

Czar Nicholas to his ministers, "that is enough."France, of course,

fell in line with her ally.

Then Germany, whose political and race sympathies are with Austria, and whose political eye is on the Balkans, protested against the warlike preparations in Russia. The chancellor for Kaiser Wilhelm

stated: "While we, at Russia's request, mediated in Vienna, the Russian forces were raised on our almost open frontier, and France,

though she did not mobilize, admits that she took some military measures."Germany, therefore, sent Russia an ultimatum asking that mobilization be stopped. This was not heeded, and Germany therefore

declared martial law July 31, and on August 1 declared war on Russia.

The kaiser said that "Germany goes into battle with a clear conscience,"and considers the present situation the result of illwill existing for years against the strength and prosperity of the German empire. The first army movement was to invade Luxemburg and Belgium as a military necessity. This was justified, on the part of Germany, to prevent a French invasion, and to secure an easier entrance

into France, and it was announced that the wrong was to be made good when the military object was achieved. Belgium being threatened with invasion, that country called upon Great Britain to aid in

1094 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the maintenance of its integrity and neutrality under the treaty of 1839.

Great Britain, after King George had done all in his power to establish peace, then declared war on Germany, feeling, according to

Sir Edward Grey, that "we could not barter our interests or our obligations."This was followed by a declaration of war between Austria

and Russia and later by Britain against Austria. A great battle was

fought at Liege continuing during the early days of August, the Germans losing many thousands of soldiers and the Belgians at heavy loss successfully defending their forts. However, the Germans entered the

interior on their way to the French border where, at this writing, millions of soldiers are concentrating for a decisive battle such as, perhaps, has never been witnessed before in the world's history.

A brief summary of the chief events following the first declaration of war by Austria is here given:

July 28.—Austria declares war on Servia and Russia moves troops

toward Austrian frontier.

July 29.—Russia partially mobilizes 1,200,000 men. All European

bourses, except in Paris, are closed. Belgrade is bombarded.

July 30.—Emperor William bids Russia cease mobilization within

twentyfour hours or Germany will fight. Prices on New York stock

exchange drop to lowest level since the panic of 1907. Special reserves

are called out in Great Britain.

July 31.—Germany declares martial law. New York stock exchange closes its doors for the first time since 1873. The British fleet

leaves Plymouth.

August 1.—Germany declares war on Russia. German and French

border patrols exchange shots. Formal mobilization orders are issued

in France and Germany. Italy refuses to join forces with Germany

and Austria, declaring that her alliance is only defensive. TransAtlantic service between New York and continental Europe is suspended.

August 2.—Russia invades Germany. Germany invades France,

Belgium and Luxemburg. Belgium appeals to England.

is reported to have attacked Russian August 3.—The German fleet

ships and ports in the Baltic Sea. England announces she will protect

France from naval attack. General mobilization begun in France.

August 4.—England declares war against Germany and definitely

binds herself to the support of France and Belgium. The neutrality

of the United States was proclaimed by President Woodrow Wilson.

August 5.—German forces attack Liege, Belgium. President Wilson, as chief of the greatest state signatory to The Hague convention,

tendered his good office for peace to any and all of the conflicting nations of Europe.

August 6.—Austria and Russia declare war on each other. August 13.—The British government declares a state of war existing between Great Britain and AustriaHungary.

August sends Germany an ultimatum requesting Ger17.—Japanmany to clear the eastern seas of her warships by August 23.

Pope Pius X died at Rome, at 1:20 o'clock, on the morning of

August 20, 1914. His last words held forth a regret that he was unable

to stem the tide of warfare which is sweeping over Europe. He said:

"In ancient times, the Pope by a word might have stayed the slaughter, but now he is impotent."He was born near Venice, June 2, 1835; ordained Priest in 1858; appointed Cardinal and Patriarch of Venice in

1893, and elected Pope, August 9, 1903. He was a man of peace and

friendly to both the sides of the present war.

Utah Agricultural *> 1 1 In a clean, healthful, moral community. Excellent faculty. equipment. Progressive

I,lj I I F (J*& Practical Education

Emphasized Agriculture—Courses in Agronomy, Horticulture, Animal Husbandry, Dairying, etc.

Home Economics—Domestic Science and

Domestic Art, Art and Music.

Mechanic Arts—Carpentry, Blacksmithing

and Machine Work in their various phases.

Agricultural Engineering—Irrigation and

Drainage, Road Building, Hydraulics, Construction of Farm Buildings, etc.

Commerce—Finance and Banking, Accounting, Industrial Management, etc.

Correspondence Courses in all departments.

Special Practical Courses for persons 18 years of age or over.

Send for Catalogue. A personal letter to the

President will be promptly considered. Address, The President, Agricultural College,

Logan, Utah.

School Opens, Sept. 22, 1914 "the state is our campus"

SemiAnnual Three Daily PrinciplesConference

1 "Safety First"Odtober 4-5-6

Salt Lake City 2 "Courtesy** Low Rate Excursion Tickets 3 "Careful Attention from Texas and Arizona to Details."

via California, allowing By theae Each Operating Employ*

Stopovers of the

Ask for Tickets via Colton or Dagget and Pledges

His Faith.

For Information Apply to For Information or Ticket!, se your

Railroad Agent or write CITY TICKET OFFICE. Holel Utah

T. CPeck, J. H. Maidei field, Salt Lake City

G.P.A., Loa Angelea A.G.P.A. Salt Lake

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION 1HE lUrKMEHENT UKA

Inc. OLSEN & GRIFFITH CO. OPPOSITE HOTEL UTAH

"The Photographers in Salt Lake City"(A SPECIAL RATE FOR MISSIONARIES)

I. A. have adopted the following trite We Can.—The Pioneer stake M.

motto: "Success comes in cans; failure in can'ts. We can."Can you beat it?

"Indian Dialect and History,"by D. B. Huntington; "Agricultural Engineering,"by Dr. F. S. Harris;""Symbolism,"by Prof. W. S. Langton, in the

October Era, the last number of volume 17. Subscribe now for Vol. 18.

Elders David H. Cannon and E. C. Samuels, Birmingham, England: "Permit us to express as best we can in a few words the worth of the Era to us.

Its arrival is hailed with pleasure and we are always glad to peruse its columns which are so full of reading to aid us in explaining the restored gospel and also to afford us a few moments diversion. As two of the many

elders and saints who enjoy it we extend to you our thanks for it."

Improvement Era, September, 1914

Two Dollars per Annum with Manual Free

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter.

Joseph F. Smith, ) Heber J* Grant, Business Manager Editors

Edward H. Anderson, j Moroni Snow, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS

"Truth Shall Spring Out of the Earth"L. A. Ramsey Frontispiece

Cumorah and the Nephite Record Joseph Smith 1001

Preparation for Missionary Life James G. Duffin 1003

The Parable of the Unwise Bee Dr. James E. Talmage.... 1008

A Righteous Woman's Recompense. A Story. Leila Marler Hoggari 1010

"I Saw Another Angel Fly."An Anthem C. J. Thomas 1030

Tell Her, O Passing Cloud. A Poem: Alfred Lambourne 1039

The Evolution Hypothesis: What it Is Robert C. Webb 1040

Cheerful Thoughts. A Poem Joseph L. Townsend 1047

Discoveries on the Colorado—IX. Illustrated Joseph F. Anderson 1048

Slander. A Poem Sarah E. Hawley Pearson. 1055

Jeanne, a Tale of the Hills Grace Zenor Robertson.. 1056

Could We But Understand. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 1058

Small Things Make Up Life J. C. Hogenson... 1059

Hebrew Idioms and Analogies in the Book of

Mormon—VII Thomas W. Brookbank.. 1061

"Whatsoever Thou Shalt Bind on Earth Shall

Be Bound in Heaven"Joseph S. Peery 1064

War and Retribution Dr. Joseph M. Tanner.... 1067

The Value of Opportunity John E. Russell 1069

Marga-ret. A Poem Harrison R. Merrill 1073

Editors'Table—The Great War—Austria and Servia—The Great War of the Nations Their Verdict of War—Suspicious 1074

Messages from the Missions 1080

Priesthood Quorums'Table 1085

I. A. Manuals forMutual Work—Y. M. M.

191415—Y. M. M. I. A. Reading Course,

191415—Change of Officers in Canada—The

Short Drama—Pictures of Scouts on Pioneer

Trail 1086 Passing Events 1089 at once for SALT LAKE STAMP GO. Send

Patentees and Manufacturers Y. M. M. I. A. Hand Book

Price, 20c postpaid Every Officer should have one

and all kind* of Address Blocks, Marking Devices, Rubber IMPROVEMENT ERA

Stamps, Stencils, Signs, etc.

2022 Bishop's BuildingPhone Was. 304 65 W. Broadway

Salt Lake City, Uah Salt Lake City, Utah

RBMINOTOM ATJTOLOAPIWG RIFL—ONE OF BBOWKIMO'I PATWT

Send for our Catalogue--150 Pages, Illustrated. FREE

In it you will find described the above Rifle tegetber with all other standard makes of firearms.

OGD1N. CO.. cn\a.H. BROWNING BROS.

ESTABLISHED 1860 INCORPORATED 1908

S. M. TAYLOR & CO

UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS SUCCESSORS TO

E. JOSEPH TAYLOR

The Pioneer Undertaker of the West 63 years In one location 251253-255257 East First South St.

Salt Lake City, Utah

MODERN METHODS EFFICIENT SERVICE COMPLETE EQUIPMENT

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THIS ORGAN on 30 Days'Free Trial

. FREE STOOL AND

BOOK FREIGHT PREPAID

Here is your opportunity to place one of these fine organs in your home on most liberal terms. We ask no payment in advar ce. We prepay all shipping charges to your railroad station. Test and try the organ thoroughly in your

own home j >st the same as if you had it fully paid for. If you find it satisfactory as represented send us $5 and $5 monthly thereafter till paid in full. If the

instrument is not satisfactory as represented the trial will not cost you a cent.

WRITE TODAY!

OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"

PROTECT!!

Your dependent ones and yourself with a policy in the

Beneficial Life Insurance Co. of Utah

A HOME COMPANY Joseph F. Smith, President Lorenzo N. Stohl, VicePret. and General Mgr.

Axel B. C. Ohltoa, Secretary

Lead all companies in Utah in amount of New Insurance written during past four years

HOME OFFICE. VERMONT BUILDING - SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH

OFFICERS

JOSEPH r. SMITH,

President w. s. mocorn1ck.

Vicepresident GRANT HAMPTON,. Sect a Trim,

ttO. T. ODELL,

GiH'i Manager C. C. WRIGHT, DIRECTORY

JOSEPH F. SMITH FRANCIS M. LYMAN

W. S. McCORNICK THOS. R. CUTLER

CEO. T. ODELL WILLIAM SPRY

S. S. WRIGHT JAMES L. WRATHALL

C. S. BURTON HEBER SCOWCROFT

JAMES H. MOYLE QEO. O. KEYSER

W. W. ARMSTRONO

WHEN WRITING TO ADVEKTlEKS, FLEASE MENTION 1HE IMPROVEMENT BRA