IMPROVEMENT

ERA AUGUST 1950X;

W

*..-:

8W&W& i&''$Wht&: SwSjPsw"/**

WITH HERMOSA REAL CLAY TILE

unique Hermosa's CREVICES. AND corners dirty exit Hermosa with DRUDGERY KITCHEN TO GOODBYE SAY TruJoint* famous Hermosa's plus angles, tile for cove wearproof colorfast, easyto-clean, Tile's Clay Real comwith alignment perfect give edges, square and no more means tile range behind instance, For beauty. dust where or ruts ridges tiny..no surface. flat pletely repainting... annual more scrubbing... no wall daily

and it's absolutely fireproof! and dirt can collect and hide!

firedin Hermosa's Let scrubbing. wall daily and STOP seasoning for shelf SAVERthis step time big and nondrainboardswith above area splash protect color it neat keeps wipe a dampcloth containers. Just spice grease and Food beauty. onthere-forever fading, to Hermosa's can't cling soot greasy tidy, because and magic. like surface glazed its glistening off stains wipe. ovenor.. steam surface glazed shining and smooth

wall! effort, washedout no no No cleanser, itu. darkenuaiA.1.11 uor peelpeer. neverncvci heatneai willwin

Flintlike Hermosa DRAIN! let 'EM dishes and stack is flanked by (Tg) range FRO when TO and NO

. SCURRYING,, unun- drainboardsdrainboards ill ra.r,la7P* waterproofwaternroot meansmeans Glaze* (T)S< nnDuraabouti <.uhot worrying space... no, working ample,,handy

... alkalies and or acids ordinary solvents, affected by DuraGlaze* Hermosa because drippings... or plates U replacecostly is floor permanentno DuraGlaze*—'-*-ap -* impervious resistant... heat it scratch stain, and makes

or refinishing. polishing waxing, scrubbing, ment, no acids. food grease or skillets, to hot registered

hermosa trujoint tile is A Gladding, McBean & Co. product

8c Dept. IE CO., McBEAN GLADDING, FREE! A colorful,

Angeles, Los Boulevard, 2901 Los Feliz booklet Calif. ideapacked

showing how Hermosa PleaseHome Moresend mePleasant."your illustrated booklet "How to Make Your your HERmOSH Tile can lighten

Namebrighten and housework truJolnt AddressJust clip and your home.

City- J ) Statemail the coupon—Now!

Ilfiil:

sy By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. tL /PURITY

A careful study has been made by

John M. Davies of the ballistics of golf balls with the aid of a wind tunnel. do my baking

Balls were spun up to 8000 revolutions a minute and dropped through a horizontal wind of 105 feet a second. <*s,$$**-

The drag, du to the wind, of a stand- 6 >i, ard golf ball increases from sixto eighthundredths of a pound over "\V tfjfl!*2"

this speed range, reducing the disto tance of a drive by about onethird. A smooth ball does not

have as much lift as the standard ball, so that with high golfclub headspeedthe driving distance for smooth ball is OMART GIRL. She knows that

about half that of a standard ball.?

it doesn't pay to bake cookies at

scientists, French Rose,HThree Sahome—not when she can buy vornin, and Casanova, found have

that bees makd a supersonic sound TOWN HOUSE Chocolate Drop between twenty and twentytwo kilocycles. This sound, much too high Cookies at so low a price.*

fo be heard, is apparently the only one they make in the supersonic region. TOWN HOUSE Cookies by

Blunt Clopton of Alabama 'J 4TVT RS Purity are always perfectly baked, fifty in years has painted more than 150 pictures on cobwebs. She perfectly delicious. Purity knows

paints landscapes, boat and water scenes, and even a spiderweb and how.

spider. '. ''.. *A cellophaneprotected '

A new method of killing weeds by carton of TOWN HOUSE & in using an electric weedkilling rake Cookies is usually priced has been developed. The rake is made at 47c. Cartons average

of flexible electrodes which touch the 34 cookies apiece. That

surface of the ground and by using means these delicious 12,000 volts make possible heavy cookies cost only 16%c electrical currents through the weeds, a dozen.

killing even deep rooted perennials.

The electricity is supplied by a portable generator, does 'not add any chemical ingredients to. sterilize the soil, and

permits immediate cultivation. One

machine can treat ten to fifteen acres a day.

"\oors for cupboards can now be held shut without latches by means of a small powerful magnet mounted in the cupboard and a small steel plate on the door. The door is held firmly

but opens easily without noise or snapaction.

TUT eat lamps are now being used to keep little pigs warm. Kept awiay

from their mothers except at mealtime, the pigs are out of danger of being rolled on or even eaten by the mothers. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

AUGUST 1950 601. a

PRIVATE ENTERPRISE

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

by Connie Collins Head of Political Science Department,

University of Utah

Tt is quite apparent that historians of 1 Individual enterprise as the mainthe twentieth century will be able spring of all human activity; any

Fish 'n to record that the private business individual at work.

enterprise system, in that century, met Chips 2. Individual enterprise in the ecotoughest, roughest in competitors nomic sense as an individual Their its proAt big government, big labor, and with prietorship, such as a farmer, itself. Best!

doctor, lawyer, salesman, or Inasmuch as the coming (and closowner of a store.

ing) weeks of the 1950 American Congressional elections will emphasize 3. Corporate, large scale proprietorships such as General certain these of issues, a thoughts few Motors—to "fish discover good Want how "big business"; 'and corporate, about "private enterprise"inbe may n'chips"be? can those serve Then smaller proprietorships, limited or in dulged arena an is where never big, delicious Clover Potato Club open, such as small business. clarity too of much thought—andthere fish. Chips with your delightThe usually an overabundance glittering of 4. (i.e. "Corporate group) enterful, flavor tangy of Clover Club unglittering and generalities. prise"as in found "big"labor fish, Potato Chips salads, improves

soups, sandwiches and other comunions, characterized by nationpanion foods. What is "private enterprise"? wide, industrywide bargaining.

=:- * # * 5. "Corporate ( i.e. group) enterAnd now you can enjoy two Private enterprise may be defined as prise"in the economic sense as

other Clover Club treats: Clover all nongovernment enterprise. Howfound in consumer cooperaClub Cheese Potato Chips, sprinkled ever, we should note tives, producers'cowith golden flecks of America's that even government operatives, professional

finest cheddar cheese. Simply wonenterprise is at bottom and other associations

derful! "private"enterprise in such as the Utah Educathe narrow sense that all tion Association, the

And the new, improved Clover government relies on inAmerican Medical AsClub Corn Chips are at your dividuals and individual sociation, the American grocer's today! Guaranteed the best performance. This is an Trucking Institute.

corn chips you ever tasted or your important reason for Individually-o w n e d money refunded. Look for the supporting democratic enterprises are vital,

colorful new package with the somgovernments. So, in the broadest, but they produce less of what we

clearest sense there is only one kind of eat and wear than incorporated, groupbrero on the 4-leaf clover—Clover

Club Corn Chips! enterprise—but,enterprise on thiswhetherplanetit isindividualfree or ownedmobiles,enterprises;clothing, materialfor example,for houses,autoforced is the issue. Individual enterbedding, soap are usually products of

prise may function singly, severally, corporate enterprise. These things are

in small groups, cooperatively, or in produced "enterprise"by individual Chver Club collective groups. individual When truly enough, largely but organized Chips Potato Chips—Corn initiative is organized, function does it through associations or private

Cheese Potato Chips with a maximum of voluntary imrations, managed by salaried executivescorpopulse—or by means of incentives, artihired by the controlling stockholders.

SEND FOR ficial or real—or by means of the whip?

FREE RECIPE BOOK! When Americans talk about "free Corporate ownership is much simpler

enterprise,"private they usually mean socialize to than individual ownership. Shows scores of delightful to ways a scheme where voluntary impulse and This is the first lesson pep in understandup appetites and to use Clover

Club Potato Chips. This book FREE choice is maximized, privately organing the American economy and its

to Era Fill readers. ized directed, in and out below, whether the coupon problem in of survival political today's

then in place envelope on or paste political or economic sphere. Our world. units are fewer There Why? penny postal mail today! and politics as well is as our economics to take over It to control. and would

open to those with individual initiabe relatively easy (speaking in the tive. administrative sense) for the government to socialize the American autoSome Useful Distinctions. mobile industry. If it bought out General Motors, Chrysler, and Ford, it

would take the bulk of the industry. A

In the American economic system it dozen top officials could be named to is useful to distinguish between the replace C. E. Wilson, K. T. Keller,

following: (Continued on page 675) 602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!.!

ANYTHESE FINETWOirsBOOKSto send you *"**: the olNTH

'** *'**+. books

meets sde'on if v? d'sap- *ihyouJa0ur y full. *froVaJ <"etur"credfr

THE

GREATEST STORY es, to are invited accept you any two EVER TOLD the of wonderful books on shown new Oursler Fulton By as this your page FREE MEMBERtell- faithful A reverent, M ing of of the sublime join you when SHIP GIFT BOOKS bringing Jesus, and Himstory Club. Read, our below, Book how

lives those whose"were the opFamily Reading Club excitwith entwined His ingly close to you. A book erates and what it means to

will cherish. your family

edition, Publisher's $2.95. you;ponthento joinmail—theand couget

your TWO FREE BOOKStoday GENTIAN HILL NEVER DIES THE DREAM

By Elizabeth Goudge By Margaret Landon and love The famous grand new beloved A author of "Green Dolphin the of author "Annastoryandby Jfelk

Street"and "Pilgrim's the King of Siam"about

Inn"now tells a magical a beautiful girl from our tale of two orphans who own middle west who came together to relive married a handsome Amerone of the most beautiful icaneducated Prince of legends to be found in Siam against everyone's

English folklore. Publishfrantic advice. Publisher's

er's edition, -S3. 50. edition, $2.75.

Funk & Wagnalls SWIFTWATER THE FIREBRAND

COLLEGE STANDARD By Paul Annixter By George Cballis

DICTIONARY of captivating tale of adventure, A the A a father north basically differThe trigue and romance—inof

their hiswoods—ofson, storyand years! and guide in ent wordfirst a daredevil swordsman

estabstruggle to over Contains enlonely his 145,000 wits matched and who for pages lish a sanctuary wild tries. 1,420 the; measgreatest with courage

ures 6 1/2"x9 1/4"in size and geese. Here is the wonder nobles and villains of his

is beautifully printed on and magic of the great day. A swiftly moving

fine paper. A must for the outdoors, dramatically and story with a real thrill

permanent home library! beautifully told. Publishon every page. Publisher's

Publisher's edition, $5.50. er's edition, $2.50. edition, $2.50.

STORIES OF THE ROOM FOR ONE MORE THE ENDURING HILLS AMERICA COOKS

GREAT OPERAS By Anna Perrott Rose By Janice Holt Giles By The Browns a inspiring Cross a of wise true Milton story story by and By The A reciover 1600 Contains - is exciting that hergentle book southern Kentucky farm The finest the pes each woman—about—

ro coast self, from musiclovers his struggle husband, her and to boy and states the of 48 from—of

! aria, every Contains coast three the away""break from oldfash- mouthwatering

the action, all their the they existence that comchildren—andopened theirhow humdrum favorites to ioned upthe stories to their plete hearts of of 72 his been family's lot and had home taste tothe-minute senoper- bestloved three never waifs for srory world's generations.! had who sations Crystalclear A

fasciatic joy that 627 of a dramas. before offers the stimulation and known it directions imposmake

factfilled pages. circle. nating Publisher's family to the reader. enjoyment sible to wrong. go Pubedition, edition, Publisher's edition, $3-75. Publisher's $2.75. $3.00. lisher's edition, $2.49.

BOOKS FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY AT BIG SAVINGS MAIL COUPON NOW/

Club founded Reading Family wasThe Free "Bonus"Books selectto distribute for the and books distributes Reading Family FREE Club The a MEMBERSHIP WITH BOOKS TWOwhole are which family—books worthfree for four "Bonus"each Book Club withinteresting entertainingwhile, and 8-ER Dept. CLUB, FAMILY READING selections take. will These books you in beingout any way. objectionable Each the high of excelstandards Club meet YORK MINEOLA, NEW Sfory invited Greatest are publishers to submit Themonth interest, superior writing and I at once the at checked Please have believe send willbooks books they two Family me the meet Told Ever subject lence,wholesome matter—and can you enroll Gift Books. Also right as Membership the Club standards.Reading Editors Our my fine build library this a up at home way of the send Reading Family select as and Club a the they memberthen can book me recommend Hill Gention expense. extra no of purchase The books of G the review forthcoming Club's each enthusiastically a month,most to members. These the for only from $1.89 Club each—inor I I accept reject as choose. me,selection—whichare books every which may your of member of the Dies publishers'retail the regular Dream Never reor are the fees—only dues no membership There to be retainedfamily in stead read—books can of prices to $2.50 $4.00—saves to you 25% selecof four accept library that a quirement Club pride.your minimum with home dollars. of your book the when And 35% Standard College New |H twelve tions the with beginning months, I coming during

is in, the value of Membership to Bonus figured Books What Means You selection, Dictionary plus only each, $1.89 at current the Club

to you can save up is 50% There for charge no in membership will free I receive a handling. As postage and a member

the Family Reading Club beyond the I accept. selections four each with Club Bonus Swiftwoter Book Join Money No Now—Sendof the themselves. books onlycost pay You

Mr.$1.89 (plus If each postage in believe will and handling) club a book which you Firebrand The Mrsfor the finest books the instincts to of purchase you every reading

Print) (Please Missthe will review book let family, to which of us introduce your your aftercome appealmember \ of Stories Complete is It each month.home necessary the to not Family sendyou Club Reading by Street No. and Operas Great thepurchase every a ing book of youto choice four the of month—only your ANY TWO

toeach retain year your this All membership. as free your page on shown

City....Zone More forselections State are One new, complete, Gifts. wellprinted Room Just coupon. mail booksMembership the

and wellbound. Your as books However, be deunusual Age,livered to Hills your door by time, at withdrawn thisany the willpostmanThe Enduring if21 weofferurge mayyou beto Occupation Under Gready to read! mail the coupon NOW!

2. Toronto Same Cooks America Offer pricegoodin onlyCanada:In the105U.S.A.Bond andSt., Canada FAMILY READING CLUB MINEOLA, YORK NEW

AUGUST 1950 603 \Jfficial (-/rQan o THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jn e (church of

sfeiu.i Lhriit

of oLalteraau Jainti

Editors: GEORGE ALBERT SMITH - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR - "Today's Family"Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETTEditor: -BURLG. HOMERSHEPHERDDURHAM THE COVER

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR- - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS - Associate Manager: BERTHA S, REEDER The Hawaiian Temple has become one

Business Manager. JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT of the beauty spots in the islands noted

for their beauty. This fourcolor cover,

taken especially for The Improvement

Era by the Hawaii Visitors Bureau,

The Editor's Page servescentennialto callof theattentionestablishmentto the factof thethatmisthe in 1950. to occurs sion Twelve Hawaii "Sec What God Hath Wrought"George Albert Smith 613

in the people half Ha- a thousand and waii Mission and Oahu Stake now can

Hawaiian Centennial Features enjoy temple work for both the living

Forebears and Posterity in the Pacific Isles,. and the dead in this magnificent temple,

E. S. Craighill Handy and Mary Kawena Pukui 616 dedicated to the work of our Savior.

A Glance at Hawaiian Mission History Marba C. Josephson 619

Man and the Eternal Empire Adrian W. Cannon 622

Excerpts from the Journal of George Q. Cannon 623

A Visit to Royalty Claire Noall 627 "By Their Fruits....** Kathleen Dickenson Mellen 638

OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND Contrast, C. Josephson Marba

Street North 50 Main to (Love Aloha Oe you), Anna...606 HawaiianJohnson Menus 647610

Offices, Main St. 50 North Y.M.M.I.A.

Church Features Y.W.M l.A.SaltOffices,Lake City40 1,NorthUtah Main St.

Evidences and Reconciliations—Should a Soldier Love His Enemy? Copyright 1950 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorporaJohn A. Widtsoe 615 tion of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

of Christ of Jesus of the Church Association A Welcome Gift to the State Archives reserved. of Sweden—Genealogy........ Subrights All Saints. Latterday

. foreign in advance; a year, price, $2.50 Archibald F. Bennett 621 scription

Learn Wisdom in Thy Youth (Church of the Air Address) subscriptions,single copy. $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Elbert R* Curtis 633 Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, for matter, mailing Lehi in the secondclass Acceptance as Nibley 640 VHI Hugh Desert—Part

in section for of special provided rate postage at..Bertha Convention in Hawaii Mutual S. Reeder 643 authorized July 1917, 1103, of October Act

1913. Presiding 609 Church Moves The 2, Bishopric's Page.660 On The

. y. is not Era responsible tor unThe Improvement Priesthood Melchiztdek Missionaries 658 679 May

contributions. solicited manuscripts, but welcomes NoLiquor-Tobacco 659 Column

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Special Features Change of Address From the Green Hilts to Statuary Hall Clarence S. Barker 630 Fifteen days'notice required for change of adplease ordering change, include a dress. When Square The Spoken Word from Temple

sltp issue a recent from the magazine....Richard L. Evans 648, 656, 668, 672 addressAddress be cannot changes old the madeof unless

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Today's Family Burl Shepherd iddress as well as the new one is included.

S. Harris, Jr....601 What Do You Know About

These Times, Private Enterprise, Rayon? 644 National Advertising Representatives

G. Homer Durham..602 Your Crowning Glory 644

Children's Summer Reading 625 Hawaiian Menus 647 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building Stories, Poetry SanHENRYFrancisco,G. ESCHEN,California

S. TOWNSEND COMPANY Miles Lee 625 EDWARD in Heaven Made

V/ilshire Blvd. 1324 Rushing 629 Bank Account Lilith Sanford His Second Los 17, California Angeles

The House With the Swing.....Amy Bruner Almy 636 HARRY V. LYTLE

Frontispiece, Sentinels, Olive May Thorson 626 332 ChicagoSouth Michigan4, IllinoisAve.

61 Wilson Wind, Ora Lewis Cook ASSOCIATES SANGSTON 628 SADLER AND Things, Mildred 612 OldFashioned 342 Madison Ave. Page Poetry

The Climb, Pansye Powell.....620 Goff 634 New York 17, N. Y.

Tomorrows, Dorothy J. Roberts....624 Hostess, Pauline Havard..: 646

Late Evening Rain, Inez Clark Homeland, Josephine Harvey..664 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Natural Gas

Serving an EverIncreasing Number of Customers Since 1929

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

"YOU BUY IT... CONTRAST

Jrrave I in 1850—and in 1950—to J4iawau

radio has eliminated time, so On the Mainliner Stratocruiser on

As the airplane has eliminated diswhich Mrs. Irvine booked passage,

tance. How remarkable it would there is a luxurious Hawaiian lounge

have been if the ten elders who left where she may rest or read or view in 1850 on their mission to the the ocean or clouds over which she

Sandwich Islands, as the Hawaiian is flying. The food, too, was a

Islands were then called, could have matter of real contrast.

left San Francisco in the morning On the occasion of the centennial and landed in Hawaii that same of the opening for the Hawaiian later! ten hours Among night—some contrasthelp Mission, cannot one

to this called elders of the number Why don't you of the world ing comparing and

In Cannon. mission George Q. was

his record of his service in that field the three weeks required by Presilpriw4tJt$ he wrote that he traveled, with the 1850 with that of 1950. In less than

dent Cannon on his initial voyage other elders, "a three weeks'voyage field, will Irvine mission basthe see great to Mrs. they When to he which to the country was apteletype of kets discarded islands, 1 traveled the over main have

in mission,"Even on a pointed editorial rooms, in our news reliving them, visited over and flown

President George Q. 1900 when Tribvisitors at Salt Lake The history of early scenes the Church

of occasion returned on the Cannon Salt Telegram Lake and une the scenic as well as seeing there of the foundfiftieth anniversary the this question. often ask of the Paradise of the it took wonders Mission, ing of the Hawaiian is as logical The answer

Pacific. as the question: the boat seven days to make the

What they see discarded trip. 2 Whatever Mrs. Irvine will find

is duplicated news material. It is of interest to contrast the by way of contrast in the manner

The ONE best version has voyages of President Cannon one of her trip, she will find that the selected the been from ALL fifty ago years carries then hundred, and of 1950 the same hope gospel great serv- - gathering news trip his daughter, Rosanin of that it carried the 1850 comfort with and of ices the reworld the and in Irvine*, plane of that missionaries the by nah today Cannon and discarded. mainder

In search of the ONE great 1950. Inconveniences of the ships have the same zeal as those of

story for their readers, the of those days would also be in former days.

to the convenience contrast marked skilled editors of the Tribune it of rapid these In change days these days. of "flying ship"the of all and Telegram examine

is that great comfort a to know the berths that dispatches states record prepared by the The value: the unchanging there is one Foreign York Times as decks, between New "secured were

Staff, Chicago Tribune Press there were not cabin berths enough gospel of our Lord Jesus Christ,

Service, New York Daily to accommodate all the Elders...."* revealed in these latter days never

News Service, Associated to be taken from the world again.

Press, United Press, InternaLakexMy City,First Utah,Mission,SecondJuvenileEdition.Instructor1882. Office,p. 10. Salt Instead, the gospel message will into his dictated Cannon, of 2Journal George Q. tional until in Service, returns the Jesus crease power News

unpublished, pp. 2-3 Cannon, Y. son Clawson Chicago Daily it News Servrestore Mission, the earth rule compiler, over Hawaiian and Jenson, to 3Andrew

ice,—allReutersthe greatNewsnewsAgencyservUnpublished.City, Utah. Church Historian'sMrs. Office,RosannahSaltCannonLake Irvineto itsboardingparadisiacalstratocruiser. glory. M. C. J.

ices except, understandably, "Tass,"the Russian news service.

Uneconomic? Perhaps, but

it's the ONE sure way to guarantee Tribune and Telegram readers the most accurate and most complete report of every major news event on this globe.

Whether the eyes of the world are focused on Korea or Formosa, Greece, Yugoslavia or Germany, the Intermountain West finds the best of ALL news reports in The Salt Lake TribuneTelegram

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ttteDjr,flm I''1*

cu. ft. 18 FREEZER lodtofif It's wonderful what the Amana Home Freezer will do—cut dollars

right out of your food budget, yet give you more delicious meals the year round and save you hours in kitchen time. But then, the AMANA is a very special Freezer! It's made by

the pioneers in the field of low temperature refrigeration—the folks who

built frozen food lockers all over the country! Point by Point, you will

find the AMANA is better built to give longer years of better service. Amana 60

A 6 cubic foot masterpiece of styling and economy—compact,

convenient, low cost! Will hold THERE IS AN AMANA DEALER NEAR YOU

210 pounds of food—enough for several months of delicious Send for free additional information

menus for Pays foritself—youthe averagesavefamily.over and the name of your nearest dealer

20% on food bills! Fits into a

space 31"x 26"! Only Amana

gives you so much value for SEND ME MORE INFORMATION such a low price!

ZCMI WHOLESALE DISTRIBUTORS Furniture and Appliance Division

P. O. Box 1109

Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Without, obligation, please send me additional information about Amana Home Freezers. Also please send me the name of the

Amana Dealer nearest me.

Name ants720 Address This roomy, 12cubic foot freezer takes up a minimum of floor space. City... Stafp

in or bake Shop often—cook

120 your Amana large lessquantities—foods. of frozen 420 pounds holds NO OBLIGATION

also freezer foot Amana 12cubic (U style. upright in reachin available

sflfiSSPt Furniture Appliances MI P.O. Box 1109 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

The beautiful and modern new Physical Sciences building, above, and the spacious new Field House, left, will vastly expand B.Y.U. facilities and activities, beginning with the

195051 term.

OiVl the <UJ<lamona srvibLlee

Seventyfive years ago, President Brigham Young executed a deed

of trust which established the famous university which bears his name.

Con memory; i on of that span of eventful years will be a feature of the

forthcoming school year. It will be marked by gVeaterTOBWrVreafer'cah

us, greater facilities, greater curricula and greater activities. "The Friendly

School,"your church university, invites you to join in the observance.

OPENING DATES

Send Application by September 20—Freshman Orientation

September 1 for entrance. September 2526—Registration

/ 95 18 75—(LSriakam, ouna lAvhiver&itu—

PROVO, UTAH 608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON J4 cJJaij Jo cJjau Chronoloau \Jf Lhurch Events

May 1950 President George Albert Smith sented at Kingsbury Hall, University j General Superintendent Elbert dedicated the chapel of the Colfax of Utah campus.

2 R. Curtis announced the appointBranch, Central Atlantic States Misconference M.I.A. sion. This opened is the 1 245th chapel June comment of to DeGraff the general Jay W.

folreception a with by the which was since the Church end of theboard Men's Young Mutual Impleted provement Association. of hostilities in World War II. lowed by general sessions in the TaberCanyon Crest Ward, Highland ( Salt nacle. Mrs. Adele Cannon Howells. genLake City) Stake, created from porThe M.I. A. dance festival, with eral president of the Primary Association announced the appointment of tions of Parley's Ward, with Bishop more than four thousand participants,

Edward C. Koelliker. presented before an audience of June Carlisle to that general board.

Ground was broken by Elder Beverly Ward, Orem (Utah) Stake, twentyfive thousand at the UniverJoseph Fielding Smith of the Council created from portions of Sharon sity of Utah stadium.

of the Twelve for the new Brigham Ward, with Bishop J. Clayton Watts.

Young University field house. Tooele Seventh Ward, Tooele 7 Department sessions occupied

(Utah) Stake, created from portions most of the day at June M.I.A.

of Third Ward, with Bishop Lloyd conference.2qO ElderCouncilEzraof theTaftTwelveBensondeliveredof the Callister. Speech festival convened in the Asthe baccalaureate address before the Fair Oaks Branch, Sacramento sembly Hall as part of June confergraduating class of the Utah State Stake, organized from portions of ence.

Agricultural College, Logan. Roseville and Carmichael Wards, Music festival presented in the

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., dediwith President George E. Leavitt. Tabernacle, with fifteen hundred parcated the chapel of the Soda Springs ticipants on the program. n General Superintendent Elbert First wards, and Second Stake. Idaho five of of about a ranch Purchase * R. Curtis announced the appointPresident Albert George Smith California, Perris, acres near hundred ment of S. Harrald Alvord the to dedicated to a monument the memory project as to welfare a be used Church general of board the Young Men's of at Brigham Young, Whitingham, in Calisouthern the stakes eleven by Mutual Improvement Association. his birthplace. Vermont, fornia, announced.

Jesse M. Smith sustained as presi- i -i West Smith Ward formed

dent of the Snowflake (Arizona) -*- * from parts of Smith and Hill- I General Superintendent Elbert

Stake, succeeding President David A. crest wards, Grant (Salt Lake City) R. Curtis presented the Church

Butler. President Smith was formerly Stake, with Horace W. Tame, bishop. of the Air address entitled "Learn

first counselor. Marshall H. Flake was Salmon Second Ward formed from Wisdom In Thy Youth"over the

released as second counselor. Presiparts of Salmon Ward, Lost River Columbia Broadcasting System as part

dent Smith's new counselors are Hyrum (Idaho) Stake, with Harold C. of the M.I.A. June conference.

A. Henrickson and LeRoy A. Palmer. Havens, bishop. A testimony meeting, a general session under the direction of the General

Six weeks'courses for choristers 9 Authorities, Conferand a "Youth June 1950 A| for organists and under begun the ence'* session completed June

President George Albert Smith the direction of J. Spencer Cornwall M.I.A. conference.

1 dedicated the statue of Brigham and Frank W. Asper in Salt Lake Yosemite Ward, San Joaquin (CaliYoung at services in the capitol buildCity. fornia) Stake, organized from portions

ing Washington, D. speakers C. Other of Stockton Ward, with Bishop Cleon institute conincludedon the program Alben Forsyth. C. Mill W. -t* M* Anvenedalldayat thecampWigwam, Barkley, vice president of the United

as a Canyon, preconference States, and J. Bracken Lee, governor Creek guide service on Tem- | (1 Tourist session conference. M.I.A. of Juneof Utah. available durple Square made President General Bertha S. Reeder

ing the months between 6:30 summer the appointment of Shelah

a.m. 10:00 p.m. and organ An evening the of the general board 2 ceivedPresidentan DavidhonoraryO. McKaydegree reof announcedWoodland to

doctor of laws at graduation exercises Young Women's Mutual Improvement recital will be held nightly except at the Utah State Agricultural ColAssociation. Thursday and Sunday, at 7:30 p.m.

lege, Logan. Centennial celebration of ScandiStatue of Brigham Young, dedicated

in the States Capitol United rotunda in - Mission began Copenhagen, E. of Elder Albert the navian Bowen

1, to its June place moved permanent to until t: continue Denmark. It was Council of the delivered Twelve in the southwest corner of Statuary 19.the June baccalaureate before address the

Hall. graduates of Brigham Young Univer- -I ft annual of conference Second Twentyseventh annual Leadership sity. writers held Church in Salt Lake of convened on the campus Week

Charles Dunn succeeded Z. Reed City. This year it was sponsored by Brigham Young University.

Millar as president of the Boise The Instructor, The Children's Friend, (Idaho) Stake. President Dunn's and The Improvement Era. f\ The Presiding Bishop's Office

counselors are Albert N. Muhlestein A recreational institute was held bulletin announced that Lynand Howard Ballif. Released with at Jordan Park, Salt Lake City, as a wood Ward, Long Beach (California)

President Millar were his counselors, preconference session of June M.I. A. Stake, has been organized from the

John S. Peterson and Jesse J. conference. independent branch, with Donald L.

McQueen. The M.I.A. drama festival was preSnedaker as bishop.

AUGUST 1950 609 (Love to you) 25% ALOHA OE itidon

MISSIONARY TO HAWAII DISCOUNT!

For Full Time ThethousandHawaiianmiles Islandsfrom thearewesterntwo theIt issunsetthe tenderprayer lingeringof life. Younotewiliin

edge of America. They are the find it at the beginning and at the

"crossroads of the Pacific."Peoend of a letter. It is on the lips of MISSIONARIES ple going to Samoa, New Zealand, everyone. The fragrance of beauty

ONLY! Australia,Philippines China,stop hereJapan,on theirand waythe alohaand joywovenof awithhappyeveryhearttiny isstitchthe

out. in the lei that encircles the one who

We realize the diffiThese sunfilled islands are teemis honored to wear it.

culty missionaries have ing with romance and adventure. Aloha Oe (love to you); Aloha

in building the comHawaiian girls are beautiful and Pumehana ( warm ); Aloha Mau

plete and adequate lilovely, and the boys are stalwart (continued); Aloha nui loa (very

braries they need... and fine. All are friendly. They much); Aloha Palena Ole (boundand as our contribution love to entertain, and they say, less). When a Hawaiian addresses

we offer a 25% DISHele mai e ai (come in and eat); a congregation, he begins by saying,

FULLALL TO COUNT to all, nui say, kakou, Aloha meaning ( thanks Aloha Mahalo then you

E MISSIONARIES. T I M

). congregahimself. including everybody The Here much it very will This saving make

possible for you to colshares; and believe it or not, there tion answers by saying, Aloha in

lect and enjoy the comis always more to share. unison. The speaker may use nui,

plete reference library The oldtimers are Kamaaina and pumehana, or some other word, that you need, and that the newcomers are Malihini. When making the aloha bigger or better;

will assist you immeasHawaiians say, Pehea Oe, (how but he always says it with a sparkle urably in your missionare you ), you say, Maikai no in his eye and a countenance glowary efforts. ). Akamai is clever ing with the love from his heart. ( good—excellent

or smart. Their best word is Aloha. Aloha Oe, Hawaii's bestknown

It means "Hello,""We welcome song, was composed about 1882 by

I; - you,"night,""Goodand "Farewell."Morning,"It"Goodis in onQueenhorsebackLiliuokalani,from awhileday returningspent at

the kiss of maiden love and in the the home of Edwin Boyd at Maunafaint tinkle of the guitar sounding wili ranch. Edwin Boyd was the

over starry water. It is the exking's chamberlain, and the ranch

quisite music of a dream, the gleam was on the windward side of the - of gladness in the eye, and it is the Pali. The basis of the tune is an

I love that "sings and has wings"as old song, "The Lone Rock by the lovers talk in the moonlight. Sea."After the queen put the

Just a few splendid The mother croons it to her babe. Hawaiian words and music on

Bookcraft titles. Write The child whispers it into the ear paper, the English translation was

for complete listing. of its mother and daddy. It is in made by Charles B. Wilson, father

AMERICA BEFORE COLUMBUS $5 00 the gathering glory of birth at dawn. of Honolulu's mayor.

WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN NEW Aloha week, in November, is a

AMERICA 2 50 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIAfull seven days of parades, pageanTIONS 2 25 try, dancing, and song. The Aloha LIKE THE ANCIENTS'2.75 FAITH

GOSPEL INTERPRETATIONS HIS MANY MANSIONS.... 2.252.25 shirt, with its tails tucked into the

KNOW THE BIBLE 1.50 trousers or left out, is socially acLATTER-DAY PROPHETS SPEAK... 4.00 3.00 ceptable for informal parties, beach k MEDIATION ATONEMENT AND

OF GREAT PRICE PEARL 3.00 parties, sporting events, and all inCOMMENTARY

THE QUEST 2.25 Aloha gatherings. During formal

1.75 TO PERFECTION THE WAY

THESE by AMAZING is worn the MORMONS Aloha shirt 1.00 week,

if TREASURES TO SHARE 2.00 the majority of men for both business and social affairs. Girls and

women wear Aloha shirts with BOOKCRAFT slacks and pedal pushers.

"Publishers of Fine L.D.S. Books"

1186 SOUTH MAIN STREET Alohas fill this enchanted land of

SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH loveliness with the sparkle of sunbeams and the scent of a million m flowers. 610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.......

.. ':::.j:::?;SM::::sS:;Sv>;:.:...--..:...:::; v:,..

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

Sentinels

lyy arching out across the farms

Like sturdy pioneers, Lombardy poplars gnarled and tall \Jllue Have braved the speeding years.

And like those western pioneers

Look Who shared their neighbors'toil,

Lombardy poplars, staunch and strong,

Have guarded stock and soil.

AUGUST 1950 611.s%,

TO A PICTURE... YOUNG I SAW MY DAYS THE ISLANDS, THE MESSAGE

PIONEER By Elaine V. Emans

By Georgia Moore Eberling SAW my days fall into patterns, whether By Wendell B. Hammond

I I wished not, them to or sometimes and beautiful prairies are the now still voice spokeHPhe A nd gray* grass, In ** inaudible, yet sage and unmistakable words With to the predominant, Appeared match will, they at as graze widely, missionary a gazing sheep Maui's ToThe welcome weather, still, cattle shores slow wander andAnd I until sometimes that brown, And knew trill posts sweetly birds ship, weathered, fence a From lowdeckedWhile on gay its fling trade at notes, billowed highest tattered them As windsTheir sails and me to were Touches and mine needed were

I Honolulu's harbor, pass. a Toward hundredAs add.

ago! years I it bird a scarlet with it doI to And now it as to try see looked you shall "Here a great work commence; glad, letter to a Enjoyed, someone make ago, longSo shall take in part Here you its consummasincerely word. spoken all one even the Or slowly day you movedWhen tion."

I color song a within find the Sometimes gray a or brazenBeneath sky silent the silent Then voice. was kittens, going watching in sings, Another for play. stolen time found noAnd

fair or it is snowof sky, Tramping when the hours weighted must have seemedHow lot the did elders By choose to be assigned, ing, slowAnd he slip: is the hoped And who drew the Island of day candles lighting when Or in

for comforts longed must haveYou Maui. long

for friendsAnd thence So with sail. companion faith's did gleaming of he of hope, and flame Rose

left; fears; darkThat had knew if you you they his And who spoke native tongue white,

have shed must someYou not the Heeded message to them displayed secret tears, And often love will bring the pattern right.

traceBut in appears. your face no it surely Then was for meant

You reached your Zion and to it darker skin those of true. everWere

I haveOh, may the fortitude to keep my RETURN But founddeeper reverence, who in awe propage

Free from black blots and worthy of my By Elizabeth Crawford Yates Longprobation.had daily sought the Creator's apheritage. Encircling this, the valley field,

Which once my own grandfather But how to learn this language strange, plowed, This flow of soft, unending concatenaQUICK FORGIVENESS IsOfbeautywealth givenfor whichme asnoyieldback is bowed. This tions?picture language of rainbow hues

Rose By Thomas Graham of Galaxies designs forms fancies. and and vines, morningglory touch hands My

into Unheeding, deep he blue, the unknown dreaming mountains'seek eyes at a harsh a threw lad word today My plunged; twines there heart close around *J"my While I treading caught him bed. on pansy my then the event unexpected Came unand feet knew. young path curving my quickly, looked then up his The he turnedHe explained;

head. scarce Three weeks passed had by

all at skies, blue once to him,And were his ears did suddenly deeply burn When gray. within. NASTURTIUMS

tall quite but to play. was old too not He I exclaimed, understand,"he "Dimly now Pauline Havard By fleeting fast as fled. cloudsThen anger my of of most, they say."most meaning "The

I recall but could Oh, the I'd words gray, weatheran old, house was later quite fluent said HPhe three months was Then its heart quench of untoldAnd dismay. my his -*- beaten use

passed engines shunting the strange tongue. the once House where Of a blue jay flit across the sky,We watched

the laid thumb on a sooty smoke me, While blessing was it "Not by God's by light beside slow andThen a blossoming tree. curtains. done."

He scolded us, and as the saucy bird Yet someone had seen that nasturtiums And they who had seen the miracle beTook off again, he screamed. I laughed. massed lieved

Then I Their red and orange hosts of color, Not alone his words of meaning clear

Looked at the boy, and he laughed back ASaying,house in canspiteownof itsbeauty,situation,if beauty is But, declared.in swelling numbers, the message they at me.

Our eyes forgave; there was no needed wanted.

word. Was it a woman's affirmation

That all was not lost while beauty flourished? all fifty passed, of years had when And

it man, old widowed and some was Or to the islands missionary the again And living lonely his Rising above MILL FLOUR came, spirit can, the only human As to Saints vast, in Here congregation meet E. Berry By Catherine of color blaze this redgold Making the spoke gracious queen, former Where

valor? of his badge courage, of answer His '"Phe flour royal mill stands Last sovereign islands; the of down by the

-* railroad tracks, Who then did ask and did receive

Floor upon floor of bright machinery; A blessing at his hands upon her head.

The wheat is ground and sifted, poured MOONLIT LAKE in sacks, By Eva Willes Wangsgaard

Watched by men in white, trained to this industry. NIGHT breeze or moth wing? Who can The zephyrs say, "Aloha,"and "Aloha,"

There is today no manna from the skies tell? sing the seas,

To fill the growing world's deep hungry Leaf movement imperceptible Then rolls the island's swellinq drumbeat need, Flow gently, breeze, and do not wake call

But wheat from all the wide, vast plains The panther sleeping in the lake. To renew with them past days of worth

supplies Flow gently lest his anger stir and glory.

This allimportant and lifegiving seed. And ripple through his silver fur, For blessed be the islands and twice blessed

dripping ranged and jaws Those for the through roar who gospel To there did labor that golden and wheat man haveThe God sabreclaws. truly; whitened with slash And grown

in slaughter is jungleswift thrice blessed And wrath be His inthe hundredth that prayers yearGives daily us our bread tone. Flow gently, softly, over water. And all, yea, all who dwell or gather there.

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '-'''-O-OO

"See What God Hath Wrought"Dmm [-redidenti"resideni Kievjeome bribed Jtmitk

Address delivered at the Friday morning session of MJ.A. June Conference,

June 16, 1950

T is fine to belong to the on that peak?"They strained their eyes to Young Men'sJMutual Improvement Associasee the trees, but of course there are none.

tion, and I am delighted still to be asso- I said, "That's the way this valley looked one the people ciated came I think with the Y.W.M.I.A. no when in—only tree. see people what your better in the organization "My, world functions They exclaimed,

than these two, and I hope that they will have done!"I replied, "When you say that,

continue to work together for the benefit I am reminded of the man who invented the that found of blessing it was all mankind. andI When telegraph—Morse. hear could messages singing would work and one were "Oh, Ye Mountains it We

High"a few minutes ago, a hymn that was for a distance of several miles, the people written by a man who had never seen our around him were congratulating him on what mountains and who came here later to make had been accomplished, and he, in turn, inhis home afid become familiar with some of stead of taking the credit, said, 'See what the things that he had so beautifully porGod hath wrought.'

trayed in poetry and in music. Reference So, instead of looking at this valley and

has been made to Sister Ruth May Fox, saying see what we have accomplished, I say, ninetysix years young, who walked across "See what God hath wrought."

the plains. When somebody one day asked The Church continues to grow and deif it wasn't a terrible experience, she said, velop, and I am happy to say that I feel no

"It was fun all the way!"I am glad to be part of it is developing any more rapidly or

able to report that she is free from pain more satisfactorily, perhaps, than the Mutual [she fell and broke her hip a day or two ago] Improvement Associations which were esand is getting along nicely. I think it tablished that the youth of the Church might

would be a fine gesture for this great orgrow in understanding and faith, and ganization to remember that Sister Fox is develop to be men and women that our in the hospital so that she cannot be here Heavenly Father would delight to honor and that a message of love, accompanied by and bless. You are the leaders of this

a suitable bouquet of flowers go from this splendid organization which now numbers convention. nearly 200,000 members.

5 It has been my privilege in the past few I was pleased, indeed, to listen to a fine weeks to visit the birthplace of President eulogy on the part of the Vice President

Brigham Young at Whitingham, Vermont. of the United States in the nation's Capitol

It was very interesting to me to be able to when President Young's statue was unveiled look into the faces there of quite a number and dedicated. That is quite a change from

of people from the West, as well as a numhaving the United States Army sent out here ber of those who reside in that particular to drive President Young and his people section of the country in Vermont. I want from the homes they had built in this stern

to compliment Brother John D. Giles on the wilderness. Of course, that was the work of

fine part he played arranging for several the adversary of all righteousness. That

people to make that long trip from here and was not prompted by our Heavenly Father, return safely. I have mentioned President and of course, the army did not accomplish

Young, who came into this valley in 1847. its purpose because the Lord prevented it.

He arrived here when this was a desert wilderBut to hear the second ranking official of ness. Not very long ago when some visitors the United States, the Vice President, stand

were in my office, I pointed out to them Enthere in the Rotunda of the great National sign Peak which can be seen from my winCapitol and pay tribute to the very man dow, and I said, "Can you see all those trees (Continued on following page)

\ '.ICtVS'M-'XVV <>r5>rn

AUGUST 1950 613 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Continued from preceding page) one occasion I was in Washington, Christ of Latterday Saints. I pause

who was leading the Church at that and somebody went into President long enough to say, my brothers time, when the Army was coming, Theodore Roosevelt's office—and sisters, this is not the Church

was a source of great satisfaction. would like to emphasize the Theoof Joseph Smith or Brigham Young.

There has been much go through dore—and said to him, "Mr. PresiThis is not our Church. Fortumy mind this morning that is of indent, what are we going to do in nately we are identified with, and

tense interest to me. It may not this country? We have just been have membership in, the Church of

be so interesting to you. But I can checking around here, and many of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

remember as a young man when I the women, who are a very impor- I have been trying to get some of was first identified with the Mutual tant part of this population of the the older folk—I'm assuming that

Improvement Association, in the old city of Washington, don't seem to most of you people are youngsters

Seventeenth Ward, only two blocks care to have any children. They here this morning—but I have beenfrom here—and from that time on, have pug dogs and canary birds trying my best to get some of our

I have been identified with this or-, and tomcats for pets, but no chilolder people to realize that it is a ganization. It has been a blessing dren. What do you think about blessing to belong to the Church

to me. It has inspired me with the it?"And Mr. Roosevelt said, "I of Jesus Christ. It was he who

desire to be worthy of such an orthink that's all they're entitled to."gave it its name. Let us see to it

ganization. As I have traveled to I want to emphasize that the that we honor it and recognize it.

and fro in the world, I have met the greatest blessing that can come to It is not sufficient just to belong to citizens of many nations, some of us as sons and daughters of the the Church. It is important that,

them the descendants of Father Living God is to be parents of chilwhile belonging to the Church, we

Lehi, living in the South Seas. All dren who keep the commandments live to be worthy of it.

over, where these people have been of God and who prepare to be our While I have been away this found and have accepted the gosassociates in the celestial kingdom time, I have had| quite a number of pel, this organization has representhroughout the ages of eternity, people ask me, "What is going to tatives. and that's what your work is, not be the outcome in the world? Many

This morning I have enjoyed the only to develop and help those who nations are in distress; our own

program immensely. It has been are your own children, but also to country is upset and disturbed.

delightful. I like to look out into this think of others. While on that When will we have peace? How

great audience. I wish the world subject I would like to suggest that will it be brought about?"I have

could see a picture of this audience in nearly all of the wards and stakes made a very brief answer that the and realize that here are the repreof the Church there are boys and price of peace is righteousness. And

sentatives of nearly 200,000 young girls who are just coming to an age there will be no peace worthy of people. Here are several thousand when they ought to be in M.I. A. the name on any other terms.

representatives who are giving of and they are not there. Many of As I stand here, I am looking

their time, their means, and their them are children of people who into the faces of a large group of talents in order to develop the do not have faith in the gospel of our Father's family, who have the most valuable asset that this counJesus Christ, sufficient, at least, to opportunity and privilege, not only try has, its youth. We may make pay attention to their children. I to store their own minds with truth

a great deal of money; we may think we can increase the memberand apply it in their lives, but also

acquire flocks and herds, become ship in this great organization if to share it with those who are their wealthy in banks and business; those of us who know of such chilneighbors and friends. When I

but when the time comes for us dren will go out of our way to inmeet in this building as I do today to leave here, as it comes to all vite them to attend Mutual Imwith you, my mind goes back to the of us, we cannot take any. of those provement Association meetings as time when it was erected during the

things with us when we go. But well as Sunday School, and other poverty of the people. And yet

you people have devoted a part of organizations. They are > our there is no other structure like it

your lives to develop the characters Father's children. It was he who in the world. I know of no other

of the sons and daughters of the said, "... Suffer the little children place where there is a lovelier inLiving God. When I think how to come unto me, and forbid them fluence than is found when the sons

many of you give your time and not: for of such is the kingdom of and daughters of our Heavenly

labor to preserve the righteous lives God."(Mark 10:14.). What a wonFather assemble here in his name to

of these, our Father's children, and derful thing it is to be partners with worship. He has said, "... Where

then realize that blessing will never our Heavenly Father, bringing these two or three are gathered together be taken from you, how grateful I children tc him. He will do everyin my name, there am I in the midst

am. You may go from here to imthing he can. He will exercise the of them."(Matt. 18:20.) When

mortality, with the love and the influences that come from him, and I see such a group of wonderful gratitude of the boys and girls that he will bless us if we acquire that men and women as are here this you have labored to bless going desire to live so that these boys and morning, thousands of them and with you throughout the ages of girls that are coming on, some of each a child of our Heavenly eternity. Is it not worth while? It whom have been represented here Father, and feel the influence that

seems so strange to me that some this morning, will establish them- I feel here and rejoice in the people don't have any particular inselves in faith and righteousness as program that we have had, my terest in children. I remember upon members of the Church of Jesus (Concluded on page 673)

614 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and EVIDENCES RFCONCTLTA TIONS

ThethedivinelyDoctrinerevealedand Covenantspreface to SHOULD A SOLDIER holycause purposesof righteousnessof the temple.must Thebe

makes the statement that "... I man's first and constant consideration.the Lord cannot look upon sin with LOVE HIS ENEMY? *

the least degree of allowance."Nevertheless, though sin can be

(1:31.) (See also Alma 45:16.) given no quarter, nor those who

yet sin justifies this of sin upon others, to impose unThe nature

is the that finalrelenting, Bvj JoL 4. Widtdoe theseeksoldier recognize Sin judgment. must

untruth, and the misuse of truth. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE sinner, as an individual, remains a

It violates law, the essence of truth. child of God, subject to repentance

It decries freedom, and fosters and the Lord's eternal mercy. Since

tyranny. It deceives and lies. It a war should be supported by all he represents a sinful cause, it may

destroys, but never builds up exwho love right above wrong; by all be necessary to use against him the

cept for more destruction. It slinks who adhere to the right of free only weapons he recognizes, even

away from light and lurks in darkagency, for which the heavenly batthough it means his destruction. The

ness. It is in deliberate opposition tle was fought, long ago. coin of Caesar is his; we must

to the Lord's plan for human progIf it be desired to test the rightrender it to him to win the Lord's ress. Sin is the mark of Satan. eousness of a war, compare the iscause. Yet we may hope and pray

The wide spectrum of sin, laid sues with those of the divinely that on the endless,- eternal journey, against a background of selfishness, formulated plan for human haphe may find his way to salvation.

is everywhere evil. It extends from piness. No other test is needed. Love is the first activating force

wilful ignorance to the use of knowlThe standards are all there. of the gospel. For love of his chiledge for unholy purposes; from disIn such a spirit, with such underdren the Lord laid out the plan of

honesty in speech to deliberate murstanding, the soldiers who go out salvation. It was love for humanity

der; from family and neighborhood from this Church must go into batthat gave the Savior courage to meet

contentions to warfare among natle. They are fighting sin; they his death upon the cross. It is

tions. Every part of it corrodes, anare fighting for truth; no quarter can through love, one for the other,

nihilates, is deathdealing. Every be shown the opposing side. The among the children of men, that the

part of it, if uncovered, is hideous soldiers, of the enemy, whether willbrotherhood of man, the aim of the and found to beckon from slimy, ing or not, represent a sinful, degospel, will arise upon earth love, right Through will triumph depths.poisonous structive cause. debe must They

evil. over But, it should ever be Sin cannot be shown love or their cost, that of even feated at any

mercy, however meek and beguiling lives. Sin cannot be looked upon borne in mind that love is defeated,

if may present itself. It cannot be "with the least degree of allowunless righteousness is victorious.

condoned. Were that done the ance."The opposing army must be Therefore, the love of truth, the

structure of truth would collapse. viewed as a cause, not as a group gospel, to bless all mankind, must

The battle of the Church is against of men. transcend the love of an individual

sin, of every kind; it must be conor a group. Usually, the best way

quered, or the plan of salvation will The cause must be uppermost. to love our enemies is to keep truth

be defeated; it must be fought to The individual must recede in imfrom being trodden into the ground

the bitter end. Tolerance of sin is portance, until the caue for betby those who are led by evil, designitself a sin. terment has triumphed. Soldiers of ing leaders. Make truth and right

All human affairs must be meas- a righteous cause, whether the wartriumphant, and love will bear rule ured by the standards of right. If fare be great or small, must fix their among men. There is no other way.

evil is in man's acts, it becomes a attention upon that cause, and with All need to learn that love, as all sin to support them. The statue determination fight for it. The fate other virtues, must be exercised with

totters and falls if clay is mixed of the enemy as individuals must be wisdom and in a commonsense battle in the for principle. aside ironwith the of the feet. The set emotional Hysteria manner. and

If right as wins, it must and will,strength of a democracy, more than are criminals, outbursts, often for any other form of government, lies the enemy and all humanity will not expressions of love, but of disin its adherence to the principles of be blessed. eased conceptions of the right

the plan of salvation. In sacred history war has often manner of loving our fellow men.

A war can be called just, only been permitted, to establish the The banner of love will ever be when waged against sin and for the cause of righteousness, or to prevent held aloft by the Church. The

victory of truth; when it battles for evil from triumphing among men. soldier can and should love his

the preservation of the principles Even the Savior when the temple enemy, but not in the sense that he which make up the plan of salvaof God, "a house of prayer,"had forgets the greater love of the cause tion, then warfare is righteous. If been made into "a den of thieves,"by which in the end the enemy and

it is waged to defeat the attempt to overthrew the tables of the money all others will be blessed.

enslave men under tyrannical rule, changers and the merchants, and it becomes a war against sin. Such drove out alJ who were violating the 1942,*Reprintedpage 225.from The Improvement Era, April

AUGUST 1950 615 &'J FOREWORD vated only in the Americas, coast of west especially on the C-..3. Lralqklli Mandiy throughout and South America last chapter of the Book of rthe in Polyknown Polynesia. It was the years that in read we Alma word and the same and as kumara, a nesia B.C., Hagoth, 53 and 54

dialect in one names one of its of was led expeditions of ships,builder poah -J\awena juk Hir> Peru. Sweet and of Ecuador and chilmen, women,Nephites,

dren, "from the land Bountiful, by tatoes do not swim, nor can they lands complex—for example, another vegetable staple, the taro

( Colocasia antiquorum ),—certainly

were brought by migrants from South and East Asiatic lands. The

taro's ancient distribution was wholly from the Pacific to Africa: it did

not exist in America.

Such historical problems are deeply interesting. But they do not,

for the authors of this article, deserve the center of the stage. To us

it seems that it is not the past of this great Polynesian race that is of prime importance, but its future.

That future should, if wisely planned, be a new growth in which the best that modern civilzation has to offer is engrafted upon the sound spiritual, moral, and utilitarian principles and heritage evolved in their island civilization by these

A faro patch at Niuhaa, Faaroa District, Society Islands, Raiatea. Polynesians in their twothousand-

year residence in the unique island environment that we call Polynesia.

the land Desolation"(an apt debe borne upon storm winds ac some scription of Peru) northward into seeds are, nor by currents or birds. Genealogy

in originated tell they us Botanists never were "they Pacific, and the of family Polynesian Every carried so, If man America. South the these more."of Were heard on passed old days in the standing humble Pacific. This the into them IsPolynesian the of first settlers the generation to generation from botanically vegetable valuable but believe Saints Latterday lands? having who, forebears of names the key be ethnologically may and in rehave Ethnologists were. they World Unseen into "The passed migration Polynesian early to an undenione recognized years cent still to be believed were {Po),"westward. indicating evidence bit of able their with concerned intimately origin and of the problem the But civilizathe of of deriviation some names earth. These on descendants be cannot the of kumara migration island world farflung the of tion recited on living, when the linked will nor scripture, quoting solved by to key America. The South from worship, family of occasions special perusing written by this story be is evidence of bit important this birth, marat pregnancy, during as alone. vegetable this of history the potato. (See The sweet the humble and near the with death, riage, and the sweet plant, cultivated a 34, As Vol. Anthropologist, American ultimate whose forebears, distant the in was, batatas) (Ipomea potato 594ff.) 40, pp. of Sky marriage the was source Pacific, one but the and Americas of Euroexplorations to the Prior Earth with Lani) {Rangi, Father heritage cultural of era in an item sweet the Pacific, in the peans

potato was unknown in the Asiaticwhich must be studied all together. *For a note about the authors see Your

EuroAfrican area. It was cultiOther elements in the Pacific IsPage and Ours, page 680.

Mother (Papa), according to the mythological lore of these nature worshipers.

The Polynesian genealogist was required to know not only the names of the forebears, but also the relative status of the various lines of ascent or descent. In all cases,

superiorseniority—astatuslineagewas a frommatter andof

through the firstborn ranked first.

All members of a household descended from junior lines owed fealty to those directly descended from and through firstborn children. But it is not only status and

honor that are inherent in the firstborn, but responsibility also. This FISHING NETS SPREAD TO DRY ON THE ISLAND OF TAHITI.

person, man or woman, was the titular head of all branches of the tions, record a multitude of signifimate suitable physically and sofamily, junior as well as senior: cant facts about forebears that will cially. Until the girl had matured

and upon him or her rested the enlighten their descendants. and the mating had produced a new

grave duty of perpetuating this firstborn to carry on both lines, an heritage as firstborn by a worthy Birth affianced girl was solicitously cared marriage, if possible to a firstborn for and guarded by a fostering of an equal or superior lineage. The old Polynesian veneration of nurse. Both husband and wife were

Under the old Polynesian system, their ancestors, and with it the fed special foods in preparation for such marriages were arranged by orderly family and community life, parenthood. During the girl's

elaborate bethrothal rituals in the collapsed, due to unenlightened pregnancy, prayers or chants were infancy of the firstborns. policy and education of the early composed and recited to strengthen

missionaries, both Protestant and the spirit of the child.

Genethnics Catholic. With this collapse, the Physically and spiritually, extraditional care for worthy descendpectant mothers, within the limitaIn old handwritten record books ants became neglected. In old tions of their natural environment,

belonging to families, in printed Polynesia, those families which received intelligent care certainly records, in documentary archives, treasured the heritage of their anequal in most way to that of modern are thousands upon thousands of cestors planned for better posterity medical practice. In some ways,

these Polynesian genealogies, reas systematically as we in modern Polynesian care was and is superior, corded from all parts of the Pacific. scientific horticulture plan the profor in the Polynesian the psychic

From a scientific point of view, most duction of more and better crops. and spiritual factors are given their

of these are of little value, historicalPolynesians were expert horticulfull place. There is no line drawn

ly or otherwise. They are mere lists turists, and they applied equal exbetween psychic and organic: for

of names in columns headed by the pertness in the more essential the Polynesians both are phases of words man and woman. There is breeding of human beings. the whole natural process. Spiritualno means of establishing 1, whether To the precious firstborn boy or ly minded Christian Polynesians do

the names are mythical or actually girl was affianced in childhood a (Continued on following page) personal; 2, whether the order of A FISHERMAN CASTING HIS NET.

names represents actual parenthood;

3, who the persons named as recent forebears actually were, when or where they lived, their place of birth, or what sort of person any particular name stands for. Names are

given at birth. In the devastating

contacts of careless whites with natives, many lives are later wrecked. Of what value, then, are

these bare records, which are nothing more than poetic words?

In the hope of helping to create a true science of genealogy for the future, the coauthors of this article are working with a technique, termed genethnics, which will, at least for recent and future generaAUGUST 1950 in the thousands of small communities, along coasts, on atolls, back in the valleys. In these communities it is what sociologists call the

"extended family"that is the basic social unit and principle. Families

are interwoven like strands in a mat or skeins in a cloth. They may

be in compact communities or scattered; but the interweaving makes

a very durable social fabric.

Relationship Throughout Polynesia, from Hawaii to New Zealand, from Tonga and Samoa to the Paumotu atolls, there exists a universal system of

SAMOA, EXTERIOR OF VILLAGE COUNCIL HOUSE. principles and terminology relating to the "extended family."

Tupuna or Kupuna axe "grandaunts), from actual grandparents Forebears J Posterity fathers"( andmothers-unclesand- right back to the most distant ancestors. The root tupu means "to

(Continued from preceding page) their high birth rate. From a sciengrow,"tupuna "having grown."

this today; but even with L.D.S. tific point of view, Polynesians The living elders, as links in the

Polynesians there is something of when wellnurtured, have three adchains of family growth, are the old lost native practice that has vantages with respect both to grouped by this term with thosenever been recovered—a systematic, breeding and survival: 1, They have who have passed on into the hidden

rigorous consecration of effort and "hybrid vigor,"to use the biological land of the Unseen {Po). This is

prayer upon the central purpose of term, i.e. genetically they have a interesting to think into: that even

producing a worthy child. wider range of variability because while still living, elders in the famCertainly one of the most interthey embody traits of several good ily and community acquire a degree

esting phases of Polynesian therracial stocks which combine favorof the respect, sometimes veneraapeutics is that related to child ably; 2, they are rich in cultural potion, accorded to the souls of the

breeding and rearing. (See "Hatentialities because they "belong departed. Respect and solicitude

waiian Beliefs and Customs During to,"are conditioned by, and have for "old folk"is universal with all

Birth, Infancy, and Childhood"; affinity for the several cultures of true Polynesians.

Mary Kawena Pukui, Bernice P. their forebears; and 3, both their This has a practical side. The

Bishop Museum Occasional Papers, hybrid vigor and cultural potentiali- {Continued on page 677)

Vol. xvi, No. 17, Honolulu.) The ties are more adaptable to the unirecording of these practices of peoque environment to which they beples throughout the Pacific is much long and which they love. But to

to be desired. Only in Hawaii has fulfil their promise, these Neoeven a beginning of this work been Polynesians must be wellmothered,

attempted. which is not so rare—and wellfathered, which is much more rare.

Nature and Nurture Church or public schools can never

In Polynesian communities no do for them, or for anyone in fact, child is left unmothered. This is what the family and home alone

partly because the instinct for macan do.

ternity is so strong with womenfolk. That is why we feel the urgency

This instinct transcends the sense of of perpetuating the wellordered old racial and cultural differences. In Polynesian family systems, which

communities like Hawaii and New were and are, when adhered to, so

Zealand it means that, by a slow welladjusted to the conditions of process over the centuries, Polyliving of young and old in this isnesians with an admixture of white land world. Island life is and aland Oriental will probably outbreed ways will be rural and maritime.

other racial types: that is, the unHonolulu, Hilo, Wailuku, Papeete,

mixed old Polynesian, white, or Auckland: good Polynesians can

Oriental. Already this is statisticallive there, yes. They can be modern.

ly evident in Hawaii: the "part But the real stock of this race is

Hawaiians"are multiplying more rapidly than even the Japanese with barkcloth).Printing board for making Siapo (Samoan

618 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Thetryingten missionariesto get relief whofrom wereseasickness by resting1 in "berths A Glance At secured between decks"were rudely jolted into anxiety by terrible banging noises. Inquiring as to thecause, they learned that the vessel awauavi

on which they were sailing had struck a heavy breaker; the wheel

ropes broke: Mission History

and the grating noise that we heard was the thumping of the helm. Had the breaker

gone over us it would have swept the d5u fv{awa U. /4o5eph$on,

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Clark was appointed president, and the island of Oahu. The elders

the other nine young men thus made their way up the hill, which called were: Thomas Whittle, today is a residential area called

Henry W. Bigler, James Keeler, Pacific Heights. They gathered

John Dixon, George Q. Cannon, rocks as they climbed and built an

Thomas Morris, William Farrer, altar and dedicated the land to the

James Hawkins, and Hiram Blackpreaching of the gospel, and themwell. selves to that service.

The ten had booked passage on Discouragement faced the elders the ship Imaum of Muscat and set as they began their work. Since

sail November 22, 1850, from San they spoke English, they sought the

Francisco for the islands. Their Englishspeaking people, only to be

fare was a modest forty dollars rebuffed. None of the elders had

each, less a five percent discount; any success with the whites on the

they must, however, furnish their islands. They even had difficulty

own bedding. The captain was to finding lodging places. Elder Biggive them the same food as that ler succeeded in finding a native

which the cabin passengers ate. The who was willing to give him food

—Photograph by Frank W. McGhie

captain seems to have repented his and lodging if he would milk the

Front of the L.D.S. Tabernacle at Hawaii at night. bargain, for the vessel was becow and do other chores. 3

calmed for a time, and the food was Early in February of 1851, Presidecks clean, or, had the wheel ropes broken not good. dent Clark baptized a native boy

a short time before, it is probable the On December 12, 1850, they welwho was about sixteen years of vessel would have been lost. comed the sight of the islands Haage. This lad is credited with beIn considering our narrow escape, afterwaii, Maui, Molokai, and Lanai. (Continued on following page)

feltwards, we 3Jenson, op. cit., Jan. 25, 1851

toliverance God. to giveWetheweregloryhisofservants,our deLater they landed at Honolulu, on

and on his business, and he had preserved us.2

These ten missionaries were on their way to serve in the newly created mission of the Sandwich Islands, as the Hawaiian Islands were then called. Elder Charles Coulson

Rich, an Apostle who had been placed in charge of the California

Mission, had set these young men apart as fulltime missionaries; prior

to this time they been filling a special temporal mission. Elder Hiram

Andrew Jenson, compiler. History of the Hawaiian

Mission, unpublished, Church Historian's Office, Salt

Lake City. Utah

George Q. Cannon, My First Mission, Juvenile

Instructor Office, Salt Lake City. Utah, 1882

(Second edition, p. 14)

Citizens of modern Honolulu of Ha-

Y/aiian descent take off their business suits and fashionable gowns to don the ancient costumes of Hawaiian royalty of two hundred years ago for the

Makahiki pageant.

AUGUST 1950 A GLANCE AT HAWAIIAN MISSION HISTORY {Continued from preceding page) 1851, "Elders Cannon and Keeler felt very5 thankful for this gift from the ing the first Hawaiian to be bapadministered the sacrament to 190 Lord.

tized. The following day ( February members of the Church at HonaWith the learning of the lanit1 1 ) four of the elders decided manu 4and baptized ten new conguage, Elder Cannon felt that

that their mission should be verts."was almost imperative that the Book

among the natives of the isNew missionaries were sent out of Mormon be translated into the lands and that they therefore must by the First Presidency to replace Hawaiian tongue. This work was

learn the language in order to conthose who had deflected, and the begun January 27, 1851, and comverse with them in their own tongue. work went steadily forward. pleted July 22, 1853,

Consequently, Henry W. Bigler, Branches were organized, and the about two years and a half from the time

James Keeler, George Q. Cannon, gospel message was preached con- I commenced it. But it was not until the

of the succeeding 27th September that we into stantly. Farrer went up Williamand

revision. 6 the completed But the language difficulty still Lahaina, Maui, behindthe mountain

and fasted and prayed all day that prevailed. The elders studied and The translation and revisions of

the Lord would aid them in learning prayed, but still had little genuine the Book of Mormon were no mean the language and would help them understanding of the fluid tongue feats to accomplish because the to touch the hearts of the natives which the natives used. One of work had to be done in an intermitwith the gospel message. them undoubtedly spoke for all tent fashion, interrupted by preachwrote: he when missionaries were the By March to traveling the various ing and

to speak to learn desire was very My success. signal to havebeginning stated, Perkins William As it night and islands. present with strong; me was

first baptizedElder Hawkins James I opportunity permitted.. an never all day, call and. there from a general was

six and later eight Hawaiians; in of talking with the natives to pass without quarters for Brother Cannon to come and

April he baptized fourteen more. preach to them, as he understands the

But in this month, some of the language. 7 CLIMB THE inClark's President atelders,

assist could natives were who The Powell H. Pansye By not that they couldsistence, decided spare only could they used when trail clear wide, first the and was islands in these andbe successful affairs. side. their time at each from fireweed own One and AT Foxglove to the Margo shouldthat they

labor. Five to Islandsquesas of IAndsquanderedthought whatyoungfunstrengththe climbmerrilywould be. ofhistorythe poignantlies in theanddeepstirringconfidencebits of

the elders finally turned away from Gradually the path grew steep and love that sprang up between been they had to which missionthe leap. to I not to plod and learned H. and Cannon George Q.

five other the leaving called, to climb, challenged boulders me to Thick Elder with Napela, CannonJ. whom

time. losing missionary the work them, forwardcarry around walk Or translation the resided where and

appointed. they to had been which stop rise encouraged me to Each forward. Elder Cannon wrote the top. went from back, daunted, turn assignAnd gave up their five whoThe of Napela:

ments met most tragic ends, and Then, unexpectedly, this place

President Cannon later stated that Came into view, this havened space.... He was an educated, intelligent

his understood thoroughly Hawaiian, who delight rest; I eye could my Here in some deaths were their untimely exact the give could language me and own height. cliffs, distant and valley, In unwilltheir of result themeasure atof meanings words. The meaning

is peak, towering the there, above, But their finish misto depended upon stay words to tached and ingness many it speak, to left; seems at High my in is therefore, It important, context. the labors. sionary

level, bed grassy "This Saying, the to used that translating, words know Clark President of deflection The sped are which from pause, a but Gives lanthe idea. correct Unless the conveyed not missionaries other was theand last try to for the that mind soul carried Hawaiian used and guage "Sinew

the only disheartening event, for Onward and upward toward the sky!"the same meaning precisely which the

the problem of food and clothing bewords in our translation gave to us, it correct. be not would with Potatoes movexing.came faith it. I exercise tried to also improving nation in the were but few Probably their fish poi, gift became lasses, of and the obtain to the Lord before help to qualified Brother Napela, as well as language. the understanding this talking diet, seemed food and and steady descendant respect. this a in was He me

sitting the mats on while evening, One used were people for strange who in of Island Maui, the chiefs of the old of had neighbors with some who conversing fruits. preserved the families language was vegetables to and whose many great I felt in, uncommonly an dropped purity, he greatest and the in spoken and they soon came enough, Strangely All said. they to understand what desire equally other no which advantages had diet. their like in enforced The to sensation peculiar felt I a my at once time, possessed. at that welleducated man,

feet, hands with I to almost my jumped ears; my of language question was gospel the principles of the studied had He to exclaimed and head, of sides the at my Beautiful one. overpowering an comprehensive a he thoroughly, had very at the sat Keeler Bigler and who Elders it truth, been differed the he to and had grasp was, the language as mind the I received I 8 believed had that table, Spirit. the favored greatly by missionthe that of greatly from it so. interpretation! was gift And of

aries. But the greatest problem of From that time forward I had little, if The final revision of the Book of

the what understanding in difficulty from all they any, opposition met the was Decembetween occurred Mormon once at I able be not might said. people other from missionaries the last the day of 24, 1853 and ber spoke they which every word separate to the in having been who, churches, following in 1854. The January sentence; in the other word every from

islands longer, held great power but I could tell the general meaning of the {Continued on page 666) over the Hawaiians. whole. This was a great aid to me in 5Cannon, op. cit., p. 23

Slowly as the work of conversion learning to speak the language, and I mid.,7Jenson,p. op.70 cit., Jan. 19, 1852

seemed to be moving, by August Hbid., Aug. 1851 sCannon, op. cit., pp. 6869

620 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Welcome Gift 3 Mf:;

State Archives

Mrchibatd jr. (DennettGENEALOGY i5uV

Microfilming of genealogical mission applied to the dozen ar- "The following appeared in print records began officially in chives in various parts of Sweden. in The Daily News, the largest

Sweden on October 19, 1948. Microfilming has gone on in the Swedish newspaper, and in many

A large upto-date model C camera utmost harmony and spirit of good other leading newspapers in Swewas installed in the city archives of will, and the archives officials in den:

Stockholm, and records of church Sweden have given many evidences books and tax records have been of their appreciation for what is "The great American Genealogical Inbrought to it and microfilmed conbeing done. On April 6, 1949, the stitute known as the Genealogical Society of Salt Lake City, Utah, negotiated

some time ago to microfilm all records in the different archives pertaining to such records that would be of interest for personal research work in a number of European countries. At the same time, the Society pledged or offered to donate a positive copy of all records thus microfilmed

to the respective countries. Wednesday,

the representative of the Society, Eben R.

T. Blomquist, in Stockholm, presented to

the State Archivist, Bertil Boethius, the first finished films covering about 375,000 book pages, containing all the Church records of the city of Stockholm.

"As President Blomquist presented to Mr.

Boethius the first rolls of microfilm, he stated that as a representative for the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints, he brought greetings from the First

Presidency of the Church, and in behalf of the Genealogical Society was pleased to present the film. He expressed an appreciation for the splendid cooperation that

had existed in all the different departments in making the accomplishment possible and trusted that this harmonious cooperative spirit would continue until the work is completed. He felt assured that the vastness

and importance of this work will be appreciated by all and generations yet unborn.

"In response to this, as Mr. Boethius accepted the roll of film as well as a big box

which was standing nearby, with emotion he said: "In behalf of Sweden and the

Swedish Archives, I am more than pleased to accept this generous gift by your

It will Society. Genealogical Church and

the State Archives in Stockholm, Sweden, President In R. are seen former Eben T. Blomquist and to us. It has been a pleasure much mean so Boethius, seated Willebrand Archivist Lars at standing, State von and Bertil screen. the

to work with you in this accomplishment, tinuously since that date. Within representatives in Sweden of the and we shall do all we possibly can in

a few weeks three other cameras Church Genealogical Society preorderare madeto assistavailable.you andItseeis thatsatisfactoryall recordsto

were installed in archives in Finsented to Mr. Boethius 250 rolls of know that if anything should happen to

land. Some months later a fourth microfilm, representing nearly five our records here, another copy can be

machine was put into operation miles of film, a positive copy of the obtained from over there. This is most

there. With these five machines films made for our Society from the satisfactory. Please accept and extend

First of the Presidency Church yourover 3,500,000 pages of precious various parish registers of the city to in this those associated our most work and records have been copied. of Stockholm. The presentation hearty thanks for this most generous gift.

Permission to copy all of the ceremony was a most interesting It is a new epoch in our archive history.

records desired by us was granted occasion. Sister Margit J. BlomThank you, Mr. Blomquist.'

for all Sweden in 1947 by the state quist has written the following in- "At the same time, Mr. Lars von Willearchivist, Bertil Boethius. This perteresting account: (Conctuded on page 670)

AUGUST 1950 621 W::':;?': *:"'WWWM

IWHENGeorgeonly Q.a childCannonin Liverpool,had read

the scriptures avidly. After

he had retired one night, his parents heard him crying. On going to his

room, they learned the cause. He

was weeping with sorrow that he could not, like the people of Jesus'time, behold the faces of the Savior and his blessed Apostles. Little

did he know that the heavens had recently been *reopened to Joseph

Smith in faroff America. George

Q.'s family was later to be converted and educated to the principle of gathering by John Taylor,

an uncle by marriage of George Q.

As the slender sixteenyear-old stood on the deck to see Nauvoo, soon to be the largest city in Illinois, no thought occurred to him that he would one day be a biographer of

Joseph Smith, an Apostle, First

Counselor to three Church Presidents, the sonin-law and secretary to Brigham Young.

Close examination of Elder Cannon's life tends to vindicate his convictions, now shared by more than a million people, that the youth

Joseph Smith beheld and conversed *1 with God the Father and his Son

Jesus Christ. From them Joseph received a commission to reactivate—Photograph courtesy Hawaii Visitors Bureau

on the earth their glorious empire of WAIKIKI BEACH, HONOLULU, DIAMOND HEAD IN THE DISTANCE truth and power. This miracle

ushered in the supreme kingdom which Daniel prophesied would grow from a small rock until it filled the whole earth. When hasman dreamed of an empire whose And The

days could not be numbered, whose sovereignty could not be challenged? In the life of George Q.

Cannon and others, we find evidence that such an empire will soon (Sterna Ipi bear sway.

In helping build up the imperishable kingdom, George Q. Cannon (l5u Marian l/w. Lcannon

lived through countless adventures, trials, and joys. He wrote extensively. The total number of words native England, he would probably have actually consisted of weeds. But

found in his published speeches been heard of in Parliament, and it is in California conditions improved.

of the calcuconservative bounds his writings surpasses the twowithinand to earn and eat money He was able to lation a peer such of imagine one the millionand-a-half mark. Before he left for Hawaii, Disraeli, other Gladstone, premiers of regularly. and

During the latter part of his the realm. he was earning fifty dollars a day

congressional career, he was permanaging a trading post. He chose

haps a most reliable authority on In October 1849, at the age of this work because the greed and law, procedure, and legislative pertwenty-two, George was instructed false values of most gold diggers sonnel in Congress. Since Utah had to leave Salt Lake for the gold fields prejudiced him against "digging."

only a territorial status, and since of California. This assignment was After a year in California, he and

he was a polygamist, his potential actually an economic mission since nine others were called to Hawaii usefulness was unrealized. Whitthe impoverished Church needed by Elder Charles Coulson Rich.

ney's History of Utah states: funds. For three years he had This was purely a spiritual call.

He would have been a man of mark in scarcely been free from hunger They did not know how long they any community. Had he remained in his pains, and at times his diet had would be gone or how they were

622 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to obtain the necessities of life.

Henceforth, their treasure was to be the souls of men.

In November they booked pas- &xcemtssage on the Imaum of Muscat.

quartersTheir between were decks From The Journal anything butand were sumptuous.

The place was dark and comfortless. To add to the dismal condiof

tions, the sea became uncommonly rough while the ship was yet in the harbor. In writing of the situation, George Q. CannonGeorge Q. states:

.. suffering from the effects. we were all <Ujictated Dm Mim Jo J4'i6 Jonof seasickness; notwithstanding and the GEORGE Q. CANNON

dangers of our situation, the sense of the ridiculous (only one bucket among us for cJJr. Llaw&on by. Lcannon

every purpose) overcame fear, and I could not help laughing.... My levity,however, under circumstances so inconJn 1900—1901

venient and perplexing, offended one of the elders so much that he reprimanded me for 1900 President George Q. Canof wonder to them that I should it.

IN non and some of his family rebe able to speak in their language at

After some time had passed, howturned to the islands for the all after so long an absence from ever, all mirth disappeared from the celebration of the fiftieth anniverthe islands. I was made to feel

group. A terrible anxiety gripped sary of the establishment of the very happy through this blessing

them as the fury of the storm Hawaiian Mission. His son, Clawof the Lord upon me, for he removed

mounted. But ever in the worst son Y. Cannon, acted as his secreall my causes for dread. It was so

moments of the storm, George Q. tary at that time and kept the diary every time I spoke during the two

and his companions had firm faith as his father dictated it to him. Some days of the celebration.

and confidence. They knew that of the notations are of the greatest The morning meeting passed off

God would not desert them. interest and value. Selections have in a most gratifying manner. The

been made from the diary: people show a loving affection for Not so the captain—his despair

was such that he told his wife "to me, and I was honored to my heart's 12, Dec. 1900 content.prepare for eternity, for he did not Wednesday,

I, with today Fifty years agothink ever see daylight we would other elders, ten in all, landed at Thursday, Dec. 13, 1900 again."in the world

this place as missionaries to preach I occupied some time this morning

Cold, foggy, and turbulent was the gospel. Of those ten, three are in addressing the congregation in

the departure. But after almost still living, James Keeler, William English and Hawaiian. I had great

four weeks, the full splendor of Farrer, and myself. I may say freedom in both languages. I comHawaiian beauty greeted the seahere, that there were two things menced in English, but the Spirit

weary voyagers. Seeing the exwhich I dreaded very much upon rested upon me, and I broke out in

uberant natives bedecked with leaving home, one was the sea voyHawaiian. In the afternoon there

flowers and selling bananas and age, the other was my inability to were some variations in the prooranges, it was difficult to rememtalk the native language, for fortygram. The exqueen, Liliuokalani,

ber that it was December. six years had passed since I left was present this afternoon, and she

The elders went to a nearby and I have done very little in talking expressed a wish that I should mountain, where they dedicated the the Hawaiian language since that speak, as she wanted to hear me, land. While on the mountaintop, time. The sea voyage, through the which I did. I afterwards went to

the young missionary heard one of blessing of the Lord and the prayers her seat, and we had quite a lengthy the elders speak in tongues; another, of the brethren, was a most pleasant conversation. In reply to my queswho had the gift of interpretation, one and furnished no cause for tion as to her state of feeling, she

translated the comforting promises. dread. The language, also through replied, how could she feel otherHe mentions two other occurthe favor of the Lord, came to me wise than well after such a pleasing

rences that inaugurated his minin a manner to surprise me. When [word omitted] as I had given her

istry. I was called upon this morning to (referring to Salt Lake.) She said

speak, I did so principally in Engshe hoped to see me at her resiIn casting lots for islands, Maui fell to lish and spoke with great power. dence....

it,us. sailing past were we When my The spirit rested powerfully upon I landed here fifty years ago yesfeelings island, that were towards drawn

and I felt that I would like that to be my me, but while speaking in English, terday with very little money, a field of labor. the Spirit of the Lord would bring comparative youth without experithe native language back to me, and ence and knowledge of the world.

At this time the men were paired I would break out in it to the surWhen I commenced my ministry, I off. George Q. had made no selecprise of myself and the delight of was a stranger to the people and to

tion. {Continued on page 674) the people, for it was a great cause [Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1950 623 EXCERPTS EROM THE JOURNAL OF GEORGE 0- CANNON (Continued from preceding page) of the ground has been much first called on to speak, then Brother the language and friendless and changed by attempted improveCluff and Brother Woolley, folhomeless. My lonely and friendless ments. lowed by a native speaker. I am

condition, and the opposition and From this point we went down to deeply impressed with the love and enmity I met with at the hands of the wharf. The steamer Alameda affection displayed by this people

those who awaited the truth caused came in about four today. Two to me. They overflow with kindme to shed many tears, but when elders of the New Zealand Mission ness and appear as though willing

the message I bore was received were on board on their way home. to do everything in their power to

and obeyed, then I was no longer They were Brother Heber Aldous show the love they entertain.

with no one but God, my Father, and Rufus Hardy, two grandsons of for in conformity with my promise John Kay. Brother Farr of this Tuesday, Dec. 25, 1900

if to the that people they would mission is released to in labor Calileft Laie o'clock. ten about We truth, the theobey give Lord would fornia, he and the on Alameda Saints in crowds came The gave and a a testimonythem and knowledge for the coast. them good- a parting us Wesails bade song.

for themselves, his did he bestow bye. train at the took for Kahuku We Spirit them, they upon and became

Honolulu. country very The waswitnesses the truth of the of gospel 24, Dec. Monday, 1900 beautiful, with views the of grandas as well this myself. In way, old called lady this An upon me ocean. reached at Honolulu We of friendsthousands raised were insisted morning and giving on me five half past o'clock.

I up. think of the goodness When dollars. tell two can't the She year

in ofand sparing mercy God my in, she born but was judging the by 26, Dec. Wednesday, 1900 life for long so to period a witness things told she which reshe me ten o'clock to At drove Honowe resultsthe that grand has God membered, she be must one hunlulu. Sister did not intend Cannon to follow thecaused planting the of dred years or upwards. Her memory to to go with as she Maui me

I here, filledgospel praise with am is good, is her clear, and mind but the landing, dreaded Sister butto the for Almighty Father promptis her hearing I defective. gave that said Fernandez she would go

I toing did. do what me him To the dollars to two Brother Woolley if to Sister Maui would, Cannonall is the praise glory and due. so that he could aid her or some so they their both made up minds

Monday, Dec. 17, 1900 other needy person. The natives to go. We embarked on the Kenu

The exqueen Liliuokalani sent got up a surprise party this afternoon and the voyage occupied about me word that she would like to see for the purpose of showing their seven and a half hours.

me at one o'clock today as she exgood will on the eve of my deparpects to sail for Hilo. Sister ture and also to show the way the Thursday, Dec. 27, 1900

native feasts fifty were conducted to tookFernandez the exme I reflections this had many mornyears ago. heavy storm broke in Aqueen's residence carriage. her ing first residence in this upon my this on us afternoon, which delayedShe cordially welcomed very me It place. the here was where Lord the feast or three two hours. it The the expressedand pleasure gave to revealed the that should good me gathering in was an hall amusement ather meeting also me. dwelt She I if be accomplished should stay

is which for used dancing other and the visiton good had done and my this and with people. work So purposes. feelutmost The good do, feelwould the people's how I clear this I point that was upon ing pervaded, in the and remarksings their had been aroused and I if to resolved stay here was had which were the made native bylove strengthened awakened and by to so alone. feelings do are My I speakers in was mentioned the visit. of remarks moremy Many I indescribable see fully when how reverential most I manner. thethis was character her, were made by fulfilled the his Lord has to words

and when I arose to bid her goodme concerning that which should be bye, said like she to she would me accomplished. were alone We

blessing;give her a led the then she TOMORROWS friend then with no earthly but with

to another room. Beforeway I was gospel. Hundreds and thousands By Dorothy J. Roberts the of doing,aware what she she was of friends raised have been up as

her at feet to on kneeswas thinks of /"Ane my to as witness truth. the tomorrows—small great What -'fronds I feltreceive the blessing. free very I [to rejoice] cause in have viewing within the Minute mind of God,in her, blessing Spirit the rested and It has done. seeing been what deserts proonly When where am the pod

... both. usupon slim white candles Of parch on wands foundly that I grateful chosen was

Sister Fernandez took Sister CanAmong the Joshua and sage. and inspired to perform the part

non, myself, and the children out One thinks of strains, unquenchable, which I did. Thousands have been

to Pacific Heights.... While I In man, and wings, immutable, brought to the knowledge of the

know it was on this side of the Cocooned in hearts of every age, truth who have rejoiced exceedingly mountain that we ten elders built That vision such barren plains of earth in its possession.

sons'Their yard, wide the trek begun, altarthe dedicated the the land and I started out to find if possible of green supplanting growth The dun, after landed in 1850,day and we the lived sires, their place where Nalinanui as birth. empire's an And

where we had a time of rejoicing when she gave us shelter. I wanted

yet, In harbors, sails will new the interpretation ofand our work, court to site find the of this house and the to drive seeking winds a prow.I could not locate the exact I garden in sought the where legions of questing the Lord spot TheFresh now

where we built the altar as the face Converge upon a distant port. (Continued on page 672)

624 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA adem Heaven

ii jNYBODY want more white kind words to the elderly couple. heard lots of folks say that some

l\ meat? Here, Uncle George, Now it was Uncle George's mopeople's marriages must have been

-f*-you can eat another slice, ment. He waited for complete simade in heaven. They've said it

can't you? And how about you, lence before he began, with the about Mother and Dad. But I guess

Grandma? After all, this is your sense of drama which everyone said maybe there's one thing you didn't

golden wedding."made him so impressive as a state know. And that is that theirs

Nettie held a platter of sliced senator. actually was made in heaven. Eh?

turkey between her uncle and the "Well, folks,"he smiled expan- I see some of you don't believe me.

frail little grandmother. Grandma sively, "I won't bore you with a lot Well, it's the gospel truth."Uncle

sighed and shook her head; but of introductory remarks. You all George had expected the amused

Uncle George helped himself generknow why we're here today, and I smiles of the young people and the ously, grunting his thanks. Glasses hope you're all as happy to be here giggles of the children. They won't

and silverware clinked pleasantly for that purpose as I am."Uncle believe it, he reflected, because they

down the length of the table. Little George turned and looked down at won't understand.

patches of talk drifted upwards his mother. His face softened with "Well,"he continued, "it was

and seemed to hang above their tenderness. over fifty years ago that this marheads in the warm air of the room "And now,"he said, glancing riage was made. Yes, it was aruntil bursts of laughter dispelled around the table thoughtfully, "I'm ranged even before Dad and

them. At the head of the U-shaped going to tell you a story. It's a Mother knew each other. They

table sat Grandma and Grandpa, wonderful story. It's one that came to know about it, though.

Uncle George and GreatUncle Mother and Dad told to me—well, They knew when they first saw each

David; the rest of the relatives were more than thirty years ago. Yes other that they would be married.

ranged on either side according to sir, the night before I left for my But, say, that's getting ahead of my age and importance. first year in college, they told it to story. It really starts way back in

Uncle George rose to his feet me. And you know, folks, it's a Scotland, in Ayrshire. Mother was

and "harrumphed"importantly. It pretty thrilling and impressive story. eighteen, and judging from her picwas time for the tributes to begin. Sort of gave me faith in a lot of tures, I'd say she was very pretty

All afternoon, during open house, things, 'specially in marriage. and sweet."Uncle George smiled

outsiders had flocked in and spoken "Well, this is the story. You've (Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1950 625 MADE IN HEAVEN (Continued /rom preceding page) wildered and frightened because of side her that rose from her heart at Grandma, and she looked at him this sudden change in your life. It and spread to her fingertips. She

fondly, her head tilted so that she saddens your mother and father began to feel calm and somehow could hear every word. that you cannot accept it as God's very peaceful. Never when she

"Anyhow, her folks had just been will. But we all understand that had knelt to pray before had she

It was as if God hadconverted to the Mormon Church, it is hard for you."He spoke with felt like this.

and they were set on coming to kindness. tapped her on the shoulder and said,

Utah with a group of Saints who "Jennie, your parents and I have "It's all right, Jennie."She found

just been praying together asking herself whispering a prayer of herwere sailing together. But Jennie—

for guidance about you. And own now, clenching her handsMother—wasn't quite sure that she God

wanted to come with them. She was we asked him to reveal to you what tightly and feeling the dampness of

engaged to a young Presbyterian your course should be."her palms. She could hear the vioof her heart she as lent thudding exyou mean "Youfellow, she couldn't and her up make mean—you filled finished, with was and she I should pect to tell me what God him. then, leavemind to she And

had a talk with one of the missiondo?"Jennie's voice was incredusuch happiness that her chest was

aries who had converted her parlous. tight with emotion. Her face was

ents.""Not exactly."Brother Stephens radiant, and her eyes were wet

looked at her with such directness when she turned to face the misthat she felt ashamed. "I expect sionary.

him to help you to understand your- "Is everything all right now,

Grandma's head was bent, and self, so that you can make your own Jennie?"

her eyes were almost closed as she decision. Will you pray with me "Yes. Oh, yes, at last everylistened now. She could remember now, Jennie? Please."His tone thing's all right!"

that day very clearly. Even now was compelling. Jennie knelt beshe could see the old vinecovered side him, feeling overpowered by

stone house on the banks of the Ayr his authority and intimacy with

River, and smell the heather as she God. Grandma was jarred abruptly

walked along the path. She reShe bent her head as the misback to the present when she heard

membered the way the river had sionary began his prayer. It was Uncle George making a toast to

sounded when she stood on the very still on the slope near the river, her. She acknowledged it with a

damp, springy grass trying to face except for the soft slipping of the faint smile, unable to speak.

the thoughts which she had kept water against the rocks. Brother "Grandma, did you really see a

pushed far back in her mind for the Stephens spoke with quiet revervision of Grandpa, or talk to God?"

past few weeks. Now she had to ence, as he made his appeal to God. insisted a curious tenyear-old.

make her choice. She could leave Jennie felt the warm sun on her back "Nae, nae, o'coorse not."Even

tomorrow for Liverpool with her while she listened to his words. fifty years in America had not

parents or she could stay here and She could not explain the strange taken the soft Scotch burr out marry Alan. She could go to live feeling that unexpectedly invaded of Grandma's voice. "He just

with his parents in Troon until he her. The voice of the missionary showed me the way I sh'd tak by

had their own house built, out by rang dimly in her ears and there making me feel sa right whin I

Irvine, and then they could make was a surging, singing sensation inprayed. After that, I said g'bye to

themselves a very snug life together Alan and came to Amerrica with on the little farm. Alan was kind ma folks. Brrother Stephens used

and would take good care of her. to tease me, thin, and he kep'

She loved the way he looked at promisin'me that the first mon I her and called her, "My wee Jeannie LATE EVENING RAIN saw whin I got to ma new home w'd

Broon."But still she was not sure. By Inez Clark Thorson be the mon I wuz mated to in hiven.

There was this new religion, and He thought 'twas a joke, but it parents.her They wanted her to falls gently rain on my roof really that happened way."GrandTHE

the pane along runs And with them.go to America half in native her brogue ma spoke itself of gives portion a And

"Why, Jennie, hello,"a man's To fields of corn and grain. as she reminisced. She paused and

voice broke in upon her troubled looked at Grandpa. Her eyes

first mon I saw whinthoughts. Jennie turned and looked TheAnd bladesproudlyofliftedgrassupare clean again twinkled. "The

up unhappily at the missionary who While thirsty flowers hold on high I got off the train at Winter Quar-r- had been up at the house talking to A tiny nectar cup. ters was your grrandfather. We

her parents. were wed six months later-r."Then clouds turn silver linings out;

is still, raindrops'song but, The "Yes, about Grandpa? girl, how "Jennie, I'm worried my

still that I can hear So did out he find about you?"the flute How Brotherabout you,"Stephens bewhippoorwill. lone one Of

gan quietly. "I know you don't Grandpa leaned forward with a

have much faith yet in the Church, I turn into the lane and from smile. He mopped the top of his

wide, opened window bald head with a handkerchief in abut you do have faith in God. I A children's laughter drifts to me My

know that you feel hurt and beAnd peace walks at my side! (Concluded on page 654)

626 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA regulations, he taught them in the

Af Visit Jo EnglishLibbie language.did not regret his stay at

Laie. In May 1886, their first child

was born. Libbie was confined under

aim the capable hands of Julina Lambson Smith, wife of Joseph F. Smith,

floJi who became the sixth president of the Church. Eleven days previously, Julina, a trained midwife, had

taken care of herself when her own son was born. From Libbie's bed,

she went to a Hawaiian woman's.

When she put a child into this mother's arms, an unbreakable bond was formed among the three women.

Matthew and Libbie called their child Vera, but the natives thought that name too plain. They gave the

little blackeyed girl one of their own Kalamakuokeola, or the "Light of Everlasting Life."

While Libbie and the baby waited for Matthew at Laie, he spent the second winter of his mission laboring on the island of

Hawaii, where he used the native

HAWAIIAN KING HAWAIIAN QUEEN tongue exclusively. He walked

Her dress is of exquisite peacock leathers and from branch to branch of the velvet.

Church, spending about a week in each village or city. He found Hilo

November 1885, when MatThe couple arrived at Laie some almost as large a port as Honolulu,

INthew and Libbie Noall left their twenty years after a large planand equally exciting and beautiful.

"bride's house"in Salt Lake tation had been acquired there as Yet, in the outlying districts, he

City to go to Hawaii, they were a a gathering place for the Church. sometimes visited in grass homes,

carefree couple. Twentyone and Here many native Saints from the though most of the Saints had built

twenty years old, they had not the Hawaiian branches had established frame houses.

least idea of what it would mean homes. Mission headquarters were Life in this island proved a rich

to serve as L.D.S. missionaries in in a house of Spanish architecture, experience for Matthew and pre-

a strange land where, if successful, purchased with the land. pared him for the work he was

their work must be carried on in a The Noalls* first night at Laie later to do in Honolulu. In Hawaii,

foreign tongue. was not spent in the mission house, he became acquainted with the land.

Most of the mission wives in the however, but in an auxiliary build- (Continued on following page) islands considered themselves priing, or shed. Here the rats ran

marily as wives rather than as actual up and down beside their bed, w%i helpmeets in the field, and few of which swayed on long strips of canthem learned to speak the Hawaiian vas, once part of the ceiling. Nor

tongue. Most of the elders found were Libbie's fears allayed by the

the language difficult. But Matthew sound of the trade wind's ceaseless

and Libbie set to with all their moaning.

hearts to learn it. Their eventual One of Matthew's first assignfluency led to deep understanding ments was to build a fourroomed

between themselves and the native house which would serve as four

Hawaiians. apartments for missionaries and

Such communion was a far cry their wives. This work kept him at

from Matthew's dread of the isLaie, where he and his wife joined lands when first called on his mis- a language class. Matthew's next

sion. For years he had been lookassignment made him the schooling forward to marriage and life teacher of the native children at

in the "bride's house"which he Laie. According to government

had built with his own hands and which was largely furnished LIBBY AND MATTHEW NOALL through Libbie's handiwork and her earnings as a schoolteacher.

AUGUST 1950 627 A VISIT TO ROYALTY (Continued from preceding page) efforts it had been made homelike provement Associations. The naHe visited the great craters of and attractive. tive women adored her. Even so,

Mauna Loa and Kilauea. He In April 1888, the chapel was they exasperated her by frequently

learned to understand the native dedicated, and the Saints were failing to live up to her expectations.

attachment to the old ideas. Though honored by the presence of Queen Though they loved fairs and

Christians, these lovable, handKapiolani. Matthew and Libbie bazaars where they had an opporsome people still hung tenaciously were acquainted with both their tunity to display their remarkable

to their belief in the power of their Majesties. When the queen spoke handiwork, they were like children

ancient gods. They feared their at the service, the dedication of the when it came to arranging the disold Kahunaanaana, or priests. Matchapel became renowned. At the plays. Instead of working they

thew saw some people abandon conclusion of the meeting, she said sang, laughed, danced, and idled, themselves to this power and lie in her native tongue to Libbie, proving themselves almost incapable down to die. He learned that in "How is it that when I call my subof understanding cooperative efthus giving in to this idea, certain jects to help me in some special fort. Enthusiastic over her high

individuals had died. He counseled work they respond begrudgingly, goal, Libbie was perplexed and anthe Saints patiently and wisely in or reluctantly? Yet, when you ask noyed by such behavior. Still she

regard to natural phenomena; he your Relief Society sisters, who are made the best of things. She

tried to make them understand the also my subjects, to help you in your proudly displayed the hat the nafire of their volcanoes was not a special work, they serve you wholetive women had made for her of result of priestly wrath. heartedly?"braided straw. Around the crown,

In April 1887, Matthew and LibIn the Hawaiian language. Libbie they had placed a wreath of squash

bie were the only L.D.S. missionsaid, "I will answer you in the vines which they had split and

aries in Honolulu. In this beautiwords of the Prophet Joseph Smith curled. The tendrils were so deliful city Matthew had the pleasurwhen he replied to a similar inquiry: cate as to be exceedingly attractive.

able task of building a chapel. On 'I teach my people correct princiIn visiting the various branches

Punch Bowl Boulevard the Church ples and'let them govern themin the Honolulu district, Libbie owned a piece of property where a selves.'found transportation a problem. She

dilapidated building had been servThe queen did not resent this tried riding horseback for a while.

ing as a meetinghouse for the Honoanswer. She became still more But she soon abandoned this method

lulu Saints. On this same piece of friendly with Libbie. However, the because she had to take Vera

ground stood a threeroomed cotNoalls had never set foot in the along. At this time she herself

tage, which he moved to one side royal palace. From the first was hardly fitted for such riding.

taxi,of the lot. This house had been glimpse she had caught of the When she took a carriage or

empty and had been used as a grounds, Libbie had longed to see the expense troubled her, as it had stopping place for traveling missionthe king and queen at home. to be met by the Church. Finally

aries. Then, as now, Honolulu lay Underneath the pleasant experishe employed a native woman to

on the main line of travel in the ences of the Noalls in Honolulu, lay look after Vera and help with the

Pacific. Families going to and remuch effort and determination on household duties. When the naturning from Samoa and landing at their part to make the best of tive did not work energetically, Libthe Hawaiian Islands made use of numerous trying situations. In her bie was again tried, but she spoke

this house. Local L.D.S. travelers diary, Libbie wrote: "Vera tries to her kindly, and the woman was

I don't know faithful.also made themselves at home in me nearly to death.

Libbie's daughter, a second baby, If the child her."to do with whatit. thirtyfive But—approximately 1888. this time born in it is At was July understandable, was fretful, the misafter the founding ofyears

forlooking diet, were she and Matthew unsuitable for to her owing better deserved Churchsion—the to to their return America, herself Libbie was ward she worms. had in this appealingaccommodations

city. Here, there were many white expecting another child. Still she but before they left the islands the

people to be reached as well as remained active as president of the great desire of her heart was his waynatives. Relief Society, and as a worker in granted. A missionary, on

the Primary and the Mutual Imto Samoa, left a gift from a former

Lumber was imported from missionary, a Brother Lambert, to northwestern United States for the be presented to the king and queen.

meetinghouse. Fellow missionaries

the native Saints an was One of WIND the build to help Laiecame from at the royal grounds, and Lewis Wilson employee By Ora Saints from Honochapel. Native through him a visit to the palace

workers. excellentlulu proved hair; dresses who is a woman WIND

she clouds brushes was arranged for October 31, 1888. and Treetops of after three monthsFinally,

arduous toil, the building was comPartingwiththemcare,here and plaiting them there. toLibbiesee wrote:his Majesty"I hadbeforelong wantedleaving

pleted. It had a seating capacity of Then with a swoop and a sudden swirl these islands and also for once to

of curl a a wisp a Sunday and wave hundred, and She fashionsover two the threshold of the foot on put my girl. to a turns the sky gay young BeAnd basement. in theSchool room royal palace. the with Unacquainted

sides this, the cottage had been put DozensShe combsof andcoiffures,coils and,one thenby one,in fun, formalities of royalty, she noted in good condition; through Libbie's Carelessly takes them all undone. (Continued on page 664)

628 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA His

cJLiiltk Stanford, /\u4r

Nesbitt, standing on Fayescreenedin porch, watched husband as he came toward vfi&i house. "I've been foolish to even hope o?**-

the oat crop,"she thought, as she looked about at the great damage of last night's storm.

Twigs and small branches from the trees cluttered the ground, and the heavy rain had pitted great holes in the yard in some places and had left corrugated sheets of silt in others.

Herb Nesbitt was entering the yard now, his shoulders drooped, his hat pulled low over his face. Faye turned

quickly back into the kitchen.

"I won't embarrass him by staring "Guess I won't be home until supper, at his disappointed and discouraged ents goodbye, and Faye put his lunch honey...."

face,"she thought. pail in his hand, saying, "That second

No, she'd let him get himself in piece of cake is for that little boy hand. He would make a greatto-do you said never, never had cake!"always checking on it,"and with these

about getting the mud from his feet. "Yes, ma'am, thanks,"and with a startling words, he kissed her quickly

He'd wash pretty thoroughly and flash of flying legs and a slamming and hurried out the door.

comb his hair there on the porch bedoor, Donnie was gone. Faye was so surprised she couldn't

fore he came in. Oh, Herb had Faye saw her husband lean back find voice to call after him for an excounted big on his oat crop! Faye in his chair and shut his eyes. Then planation. A second bank account!

felt her throat ache with unshed tears. he said, "Faye, we've got the children What on earth was Herb talking

She glanced hastily in a mirror and to educate and take care of. And you about? They had no second bank

struggled to banish her worried look. were counting big on some new yellow account. Why, Herb was so bothered

Herb mustn't find anything here in curtains for the dining room, weren't he hardly knew what he was saying.

his home to drag on his spirits. That you? I believe that hurts me most Oh, pshaw, she wouldn't worry about

ruined crop should be enough. you not getting them. You've put it! There was too much to do to take

She could hear him industriously them off so long!"time off for figuring out Herb's odd

cleaning at his shoes. The baby in "Material things like curtains don't joke.

her high chair began a tinkletinkling count, Herb. What counts is the stuff "I know what I must do today,"

with her dish and spoon, and Faye inside us that can stand up under hardFaye cried, "do everything in my bent to kiss her curly head. She ships,"Faye said and began piling the power to fight off that blue feeling

could hear Donnie, their sevenyear- breakfast dishes in the sink. when a person loses a crop. If Herb

old son, hustling about getting his cap She whispered a little prayer, there comes home to a house bright and and schoolbooks together before the at the sink, that she and Herb would shiny and everyone cheerful, the fight bus came. prove brave under any chastisement. A is almost won!"

Herb came in then, sailing his hat honk in the road brought Herb to his When Herb returned for supper, toward a corner. "Yep, that field of feet. He went out quickly but came she'd have everything so cheerful he

oats is flatter than a pancake! How back in a moment, "I'm going to try couldn't worry! And she'd have the

we're going to feed the chickens and to find some kaffir seed. Clint Hart yellow curtains, too. There was a

stock around here now is anybody's thinks we could make a little fodder, at package of dye in the sewing machine guess!"he burst out with a forced leas f."drawer.

ravado. "Why, of course, you could try,"Then Faye shifted herself into high

"Oh, Herb, honey,"Faye let slip Faye cried cheerfully. "And we do gear and went to work in earnest.

out, a little despairing in spite of herhave a bank account you can check on She bathed and dressed the baby, self, then added quickly, "we'll have to buy the seed."putting her in her pen with her playsome late crops, I'm sure."Herb came over to her, his shoulders things. Then she jerked down the

"Oh, I don't know—this sure was erect now, and grinning the way a perold curtains, washed and dyed them,

a gullywasher last night. Broke terson does when it hurts just a little, and when they were on the line drying,

races and burst drainage ditches. Oh, "Guess I won't be home until supper, she cleaned the house. She was so busy

Donnie, the bus is coming! Look how honey, and I may have to check on she almost fdrgot about lunch. She

it's slipping!"Herb called out as he our bank account to get the seed. But kept herself tuned to a little song she

sank into a chair with a siqh. I've got a second bank account I sang half under her breath, yet try

Donnie rushed out, telling his pardon't know what I'd do without! I'm {Continued on page 671)

AUGUST 1950 629 Jwm Jke

i5uy (clarence J>. djarker

Music which drew tears was seven, is the only living daughter played by the U.S. Marine Band of President Young, pulled the cord

and Orchestra and sung by the which raised the flag of the United

Utah Centennial Choruses of States from the imposing statue.

missionaries from the Eastern Assisting were the sculptor, Maand Central Atlantic States mis honri Young, a grandson, and Orson Whitney Young, member of the state statue commission and a Immediately following the unveiling Presigreat-grandson.

hands shook Albert Smith dent George of Brigham with Vice President of the United daughter Sanborn, Young Mabel at her sculptor, M. Young Mahonri Young;

at right of States Alben W. Barkley praised Young Orson Whitney left, and

President Smith. President Young unstintedly: "He

was a true pioneer and promoted the right of free worship. He was

sions, and by the Manhattan an advocate of justice and democWard choir, New York Stake. racy—of the kind of democracy

OneChurchhundredhistoryand andfiftyterrainyears exof AmongStephens'theanthem,selections"Let werethe MounEvan weGovernormust preserve."J. Bracken Lee of Utah

tending from the green, tains Shout For Joy,"and an presented the statue to the federal wooded hills of Vermont to the ensemble "Devotion"composed and government and paid tribute to mountains and valleys of Utah arranged by Crawford Gates, with President Young as having "enwere surveyed by thirtyeight memwords by Vilate Raile, and directed dowed his people with an undying bers of the Brigham Young by LeGrand Maxwell. faith and trust in their Creator, a

Memorial Tour, May 20 to June 8, To President George Albert burning desire to earn their way by sponsored by The Improvement Smith went the honor of dedicating the sweat of their own brows, an

Era. the statue of the man once driven abhorrence for governmental paThroughout the twenty days of from the United States. Mrs. ternalism, and rugged individualtravel by chartered bus traversing Mabel Y. Sanborn, who at eightyism."

nineteen states, Canada, and the evidentDistrict of Columbia, it was that early members leaders and of June PartI, 1950of theat audiencethe unveilingand participantsceremony of thatthe Brighamcrowded Youngthe Rotundastatue. of the National Capitol, Thursday,

the Church lived close to the soil.

Modern highways, speeding automobiles, and power machinery have changed the tempo of living. Evidence persists, however, that Joseph

Smith and Brigham Young, who obtained from the Lord the foundations for building great cities and empires, were born and reared in sparselysettled agricultural areas.

There, close to the soil and associating with Biblereading, Godfearing neighbors, they gained profound knowledge of God and man.

In contrast to the peaceful country vista found at many of the stops were the deeply moving services

June 1 in the National Capitol.

There before more than a thousand people packed in the rotunda and many crowded in the entrances and steps, a white, Italianmarble statue of President Young, prophetcolo- nizerstatesman, was unveiled amidst the acclaim of leaders of the state and nation.

630 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Senator Arthur V. Watkins of

Utah told that President Young had taught how obstacles were a a had blessing—-notHILLS detriment—and 3 this. demonstrated W. D. Canedy,

Whitingham Town (ship) clerk, related history of the area. John D.

Giles, conductor of the tour andSTATUARY HALL executive secretary of the Utah Pioneer Trails & Landmarks Association, conducted the stirring program.

He had handled much of the work incident to erection of the monument, which was provided by descendants of President Young in cooperation with the Church.

After the program and after having been guests of the Town (ship) of Whitingham for a delicious box luncheon, the tour party proceeded eastward to the Connecticut River

Valley, then northward. It was

easy to see why, because of the narrow river valleys, shallow soil, and outcropping rock, parents of

Brigham Young and Joseph Smith and others went southwestward to take up more fertile land in the then frontier areas of the state of

New York.

On the morning of May 29, the group held services eightyfive miles north of Whitingham at the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith.

hills in maple in the high Situated Vermont, monument to Brigham Whiiingham, B. Harrie Chase, Said Judge to 28, 7950. Sunday, dedicated Left Young May the are mecountry farming and Edith right: Orlob, Booth, Young Gladys Young Brattleboro, of the Vermont, U.S.

S. Widtsoe, C. Leah Young, George D. and Don polished a cottage and morial

Young. Circuit Court, speaking for the

Town (ship) of Whitingham: granite shaft thirtyeight and onehalf feet high, a foot for each year

Senator Elbert D. Thomas of acceptedThe nameas Brighama symbolYoungof perseverance,has become oftentivethe Prophet'sgroup, Heberlife. C.ToSmith,the atin

Utah told of the profound effect courage to bear difficulties, and capacity charge of information and missionPresident Young's the to had on work them. surmount This monument is a ary work at the cottage, related

fitting tribute to a great American, Whitfree- religious of spread westward dom. Mrs. E. E. Ericksen, commisingham's famous son. historic background.

sion executive secretary, conducted The Joseph Smith, Sr., family

the program. Senator Carl Hayden In another eulogy, Elder John A. moved to the Solomon Mack

Widtsoe of the Council of the homestead in Sharon Township, of Arizona of the Joint Committee

Twelve said: Windsor County, under humble on the Library, United States Congress, accepted the statue on behalf Out of discord he brought concord... circumstances. There the father

of the federal government. he taught his people industry and left no labored on the farm in the summeridler; for the to place taught study he them school. taught winter in the time and an audience, Attended by as large

is several universities; he and founded all isolated but a from were They setting in the picturesque the as of of the looked cooperation founder upon

green mountains of southern Verin our day, and taught that men must have few neighbors.

mont, was the dedication Sunday, faith, resting everything on industry, eduFrom Sharon the family moved

May 28, of a twelvefoot polished cation, and cooperation. to Lebanon, New Hampshire, some

could the world. save His ideas Brigham granite shaft at the birthplace of in twentyfive miles distant, and later a great His place man. Young was

President Young, Whitingham, history is safe. to Norwich, Vermont, nearby. DurVermont. There also, President ing this period, Hyrum, older brothSmith realized the ambition of many President S. Dilworth Young of er to Joseph, attended Dartmouth

years in completion of the monuthe First Council of the Seventy, Academy, now Dartmouth Univerment which he dedicated. president of the New England Missity, Hanover, New Hampshire.

The shaft is on an eminence in sion, said, rugged Vermont, which From Norwich the Smiths went to a public recreation and memorial has produced many great men, yet the Palmyra, New York, area.

area two miles above the village of will rejoice that a prophet of the A luncheon stop was made at

Whitingham. Lord was born within its borders. (Concluded on following page)

AUGUST 1950 631 FROM THE GREEN HUES TO STATUARY HAEE

(Concluded from preceding page) hanna River is the site of McKune through agreement with the city, is

Rutland, Vermont, near the birthsettlement, Harmony Township, the grave of Oliver Cowdery. Far

place of Oliver Cowdery. From Pennsylvania. The homesite of West, headquarters of the Church

Vermont, Oliver had moved to Isaac Hale, father of Emma Smith, in 1839, with a population of five is sparselypopulatedManchester Township, New York, and homesite of Joseph and Emma thousand, now where he stayed with the Smith Smith about 182831, where he farmland. The temple site, on a

family a winter while teaching translated much of the Book of farm owned by the Church, still school. Mormon, is here. The Church rehas stones at the corners, placed

cently purchased the large farm. there 112 years ago. It was from

historic area, Palmyra The here Church members that many of the Susthe banks It was ontwentyfive miles east of Rochester, into Illinois. driven were River near the McKune visited 27. quehanna York, wasNew May

Fertile fields with occasional rises settlement that Joseph and Oliver Adamondi-Ahman was viewed such as the Hill Cumorah characterreceived the Aaronic Priesthood at from a distance since no good roads ize this section. Three miles from the hands of John the Baptist May afford access to the hilly area in

the hill is the Sacred Grove and 15,1829. The Melchizedek Priestwhich is located a thirtyacre

Joseph Smith Farm, purchased for hood was restored soon after in the Churchowned farm.

the Church in 1903 by President wilderness along the river between Nauvoo, Illinois, across the river

George Albert Smith. Colesville and Harmony townships. northeast from Keokuk, Iowa, was

Near Mendon, eighteen miles disFrom the New York areas, the the next gathering place of the tant, was seen the John Young home early Church members moved to Church. Now virtually a ghost

built partly by Brigham Young. Kirtland, Ohio, about twenty miles town, it was visited by the tour

Robert Hutchinson, third generaeast of Cleveland. Tour members group May 24.

visited 26. Kirtland Through Maytion of family since a has which distant miles twentythree Some of the courtesy Reorganized Church disthe farm, and homeowned is Jail, a Carthage Church now of of Christ Latter Jesus Day a the brick ofplayed bearing "B"in Bullet the holes oaken title to Saints, holds the memorial. which now initials, the whichBrigham Young's door through forced mobsters which interior visited the temple, the party of father Mr. had Hutchinson dug their to the Prophet murder way this of gracefullyproportioned

site the of from Brigham Young's Patriarch 27, 1844, and were June structure.

a factory. chair displayed He felt seen the party. and by They

chair reputedly made in that facIndependence, Jackson County. also saw stains of the blood of the

tory. Neighbors of a bygone day Missouri, was visited June 4 and 5. Patriarch Hyrum on the floor.

classed Brigham Young as "lazy"Of sixtythree acres of the temple because he built a millrace and lot dedicated 1 19 years ago, twentyWest of Nauvoo, tour members machinery to saw wood. six now belong to the Church. On traveled along much of the trail

traversed a cenby their ancestors are Central States Mission Southeast, between Lakes Seneca this of tury ago, stopping at the village a chapel, Zion's headquarters, and is the Peter and Cayuga, Whitmer farm, now owned by the Church, Printing & Publishing Company. Garden Grove and pausing as near

where on April 6, 1830, the Church The huge, reinforced concrete Mt. Pisgah as road conditions

was organized. Nearby is the oak and steel auditorium and other would permit.

grove in which the Three Witnesses buildings of the Reorganized They saw Council Bluffs, known to the Book of Mormon were shown Church, and a Church of Christ in early Church history as Kanesthe plates. ( Hedrickites) frame church, ocville, and visited impressive Winter

Beautiful homes on the Genesee cupy most of the rest of the temple Quarters cemetery on the outTurnpike near Auburn, New York, lot. skirts of Omaha, Nebraska. Piosaid to have been built by Brigham At Liberty, Missouri, is the neers buried six hundred of their

Young, chief carpenter and deChurch-owned site of old Liberty dead in the area now graced by signer, were visited, also the Jail, where the Prophet Joseph, the magnificent sculpture, the work

Seward mansion, inspiration for the Patriarch Hyrum, and four others of Avard Fairbanks.

Lion House, Salt Lake City. were imprisoned during the winter Fremont, Nebraska, in the fertile

Some 125 miles southeast from of 183839. Tour members saw valley of the North Platte River was

Palmyra is the village of Nineveh, part of the stone dungeon floor and the scene May 22 of the dedication closest settlement to what became the filled cavities in which eye bolts of a granite monolith marking the the first branch of the Church in once were embedded, holding chains approximate site on the old Mormon

Colesville Town (ship), New York. to which prisoners could be locked. trail where President Young orIn an area now devoted exclusively The site of the Richmond, Misganized the first company of Pioneers along military lines on April to farming, Josiah Stoal and souri, jail was visited—the jail

Joseph Knight operated gristmills where the Prophet Joseph was 17, 1847.

and carding mills alongside Indian chained and tormented but rebuked Independence Rock and Martin's

Springs Creek. They went to his jailers with such power that they Cove Handcart Company monuPalmyra in the fall of 1825 to buy trembled. ment southwest of Casper, Wyowheat and there met Joseph Smith. In an old cemetery at Richmond, ming were settings of Sunday servThirty miles down the Susquebeautified this year by the Church ices May 21.

632 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church Of The Air

earn Wisdom In Thy Youth

Address presented as the "Church of the

Air"sermon over Radio Station KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System, June Conference Sunday, June 16 18, 1950, at 7:30 a.m., Mountain GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT Standard Time

Y. M. M. I. A

There is an account of an ancient city which was encircled by the enemy for many days. Food On nearly every hand we see exfrom the pleasures which are

supplies and water were successamples of men who prove in their transitory toward pursuits based on fully cut off. The suffering was getting that "the wisdom of this lofty concepts of eternal truth, and

great. The siege was so successful world is foolishness with God."(I which, therefore, brinq lasting

that the besieged sought for terms Cor. 3:19.) satisfaction.

of surrender. I recently read an editorial from I am pleased to represent today

"Bring your wealth and your one of the prominent newspapers of an organization which is charged most priceless gems to the gate of the nation, which named some of with the responsibility of building the city tomorrow at sunrise,"was the individuals who were considered in the hearts of the young a testithe reply. America's most successful men mony of the divinity of the gospel

The morrow came; the gate was twentyfive years ago. The subseof Jesus Christ, and all that it imopened; and there marched out quent history of these ten men who plies in daily living. This organize

ahead of the city officials, their boys were such powers in the financial tion is known by the meaningful and their girls—truly, their most and industrial world shows two title of the Young Men's Mutual

priceless gifts. bankrupts, one insane, one insolImprovement Association of the

Fathers, mothers, church and. vent, two who have served time in Church of Jesus Christ of Lattercivic leaders, indeed most thinking prison, and three suicides. dav Saints, and with it is a commen and women everywhere, recogThe editorial says, panion organization, the Young

of value youth and the ournize the Mutual Improvement AsWomen's money make knew how to These men of, importance for, the andneed sociation. they were but gain fame and influence, andteaching them aright. We might so engrossed in their respective callings When these associations were

well be concerned for their welland activities that they never took the time formed some seventyfive years ago, and imfundamental acquire of the most in our to forbeing, them rests all not President Brigham Young said: all. Obviously, of portant knowledge this In aspirations.hopes and

learning the knack of mastered of them one for associations into yourselves Organize States land of the Unitedblessed live. to how of the keynote Let improvement. mutual been has emphasisof America

in the the establishment be your work spiritual from valuesplaced upon their in simply, put it more. the To of testimony individual of youth an

the day the Pilgrim Fathers landed. lust for getting the things of this truth and the development of the gifts

These Pilgrim Fathers were wellworld, they lost their sense of balwithin them; cultivating a knowledge and

acquainted with the proverb, ance, and in the process lost God. appreciationthe great scienceof theof living.eternal principles of

Train up a child in the way he should One of the challenging problems this nation he is and the confronts go; and when old, he will not depart which thereare, organizations These

it. 22:6.) (Proverbsfrom of building today is that world auxiliaries priesthood to the in fore,

We, their descendants, in the our young people a true underof the Church and are as arms to days of our temporal prosperity are standing of life, a concept that life assist in preparing young men and prone, in our getting, to overlook has meaning and is purposeful. This women to live and teach the gospel.

the acquiring of understanding, and is not an easy task, for the forces The great object is to assist in particularly the getting of wisdom. which are pulling in the opposite equipping our youth for lives of

The same author of sacred literadirection are powerful and effective. usefulness and in fortifying them

ture said, This challenge rests with the against the widespread unbelief be met Church, and it cannot godlessness of the world about adeand that findeth is the man Happy utilizing without wisdom, quately a program them. understanding. getteth thatand the man

(Ibid., 3:13.) means which will attract our youth {Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1950 633 LEARN WISDOM IN THY YOUTH

(Continued from preceding page) Lord, that they might call upon temple of God. One would think

I wish that each of you might him and counsel with him in all that judgment alone would induce have been with me here on Temple their doings. a man to treat his body with deferall withinSquare in Salt Lake City during We have before us also the great ence and respect, doing

the past three days. From over objective 1 of teaching virtue. As a his power to build a healthy body,

the nation there have gathered more part of our program we select an capable of carrying him through than ten thousand teachers of the annual theme. This is developed life without disease or suffering. A

young. They have come here for through the year by means of culglance around is sufficient to see

training and inspiration which will tural arts, through social activities, that many enslave themselves to enable them to go back to their own and by spiritual instruction. Durhabits which they must assuredly

communities and build boys and ing the past year the theme has know will result in unhappiness in girls into men and women of God. been: later life.

They have learned to become We want to teach our young peomore effective teachers, not only of How glorious and near to the angels is ple to understand that youth is the is this that clean; has youth joy youththe of of the gospel philosophy time for parenthood, preparatory eternal here unspeakable happiness and

also as leaders Christ butJesus partnership is a that parenthood First in hereafter. 6, and April Presidency, (Fromrecreation and cultural arts—dance, 1942.) with God. I learned from the lips

drama, speech, music. of my own sainted mother that "the

Some of them also have sharpened The Savior of the world promised reward of virtue is untainted parenttheir abilities as coaches of basketthat the pure in heart should see hood."

ball, softball, volleyball, baseball, are But peoour what God. young

for this in great so program And it tennis. is diffilarge for school cities facing? ple Inand most A to cultivate are seeking youth we

toscouting cult has also conducted. the been street withwalk down that a within consciousness them

all of out sex being every have reminded done on we this? To Why

is that child of of each God, us aenable these teachers of youth more hand. The newsstands are flooded

the body with which he has ento objectives of with meet the sexy, racy literature.capably Much of dowed us is a sacred tabernacle of ofthis great is built the Church. program our entertainment around

And what are those objectives? One salacious material which appeals to the spirit, that virtue is a precious

is that every boy and girl shall the baser instincts. gift to be treasured, and that true

happiness is incompatible with disthat a personal testimonydevelop The Apostle training, living. with Paul, writing to the solute Such

he hears and thatGod lives, said: and Corinthians, virtue, for modesty, appreciation

answers prayer.

chastity, gives a sweetness and and temple of the are not ye that ye Know to particiare encouraged They to life. purpose in dwelleth Spirit of the and God in familypate prayer God, and individual

you? great to carry on a We are trying and faith wisdom know that If defile the—to temple of God, any man young for your program to thoseand strength come shall for of educational who the temple him God destroy;

in that might they people come God is holy, which temple ye are. (I Cor. is a prayerseek the Lord—that refining of influences the touch with 3:1647.) a sourcesource of power all its own,

life. just chorus a heard have Youfor successhas been which good

light in this of the teaching Nor these a of thousand than of more livesfully in tried the and proved with or can any young man woman represenpeople. are young They countlessof and women. men

fill his with her or impunity body the tative of over thousands many If to of are a nation be Godwe to substances tend which weaken sing to learned have Church whofearing and must women, men we alcohol, destroy. of use and The to the Lord. of praise such anthems ofteach our awareness an youth other deleterious tobacco, suband talents cultivation of their In the the eternal teach mustGod. We is compatible stances with hardly asexpression the they and have found girl is in thattruth every and boy belief is the that the sacred body lives sociation gladness. Their and of ourvery a son or daughter deed

living Heavenly Father. The exhave been enriched.

perience of the past has demonBy means of the dance, drama, strated the truthfulness of the OLDFASHIONED THINGS and public speaking, they have also

Savior's words when he spoke in the found expression, and they have temple at Jerusalem: By Mildred Goff had a good time while doing so. We

X like such oldfashioned things earnestly believe that the Lord deMy doctrine is not mine, but his that * As blue percale, wide apron strings, lights to bless his children and have sent me. Sweet William and forgetme-not, them happy. If these glorious young

If shall he bergamot, do his will, Lavender know and any man will trees grapevine swings. people of ours are to believe, if and doctrine, the ofof or Apple it be whether God,

whether I speak of myself. (John 7:1617.) There's magic in these homely things. religion is to appeal to them, it

must not be a matter of a long face,

And so we are endeavoring to ButtermilkKittens in aandpansyhomemadebed, bread, but of giving them roundedout, bring into the lives of our young Candlelight and yellow roses, joyful experiences. By the same

in Old photographs formal posespeople through prayer and reading token, the field of recreation is wings. Take memory's me back on

and experience a nearness to the I like oldfashioned things. developed as an auxiliary to wor634 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ship, for we feel that all of the enjoyments of life are intended to CHILDREN'S SUMMER READING to the Lord. devotion increase our

RIVER DOODLE OF THE WOLVES carrying have been on MR. so we And

Scott., Illustrated. (Sally ( Stephen Harcourt, Meader. Harcourt, Brace W.

this for training the great program Co., Brace and 1947. and Company, York. New York. New

leaders of our youth, that they 46 pages. $1.50.) 1948. 249 pages. $2.50.)

might inspire and teach in the wis- [r. Doodle was a puppy who tried ""This outof-doors adventure story

dom of the Lord. earnestly to do the right thing, begins in the backwoods country

In harmony with this program, but found it difficult to understand the of Maine immediately before the we have selected as the theme of gueer ways of people. Through the French and Indian War. Dave Foster

our work for the coming year the love of Peter, an eightyear-old boy goes to live with an uncle; the uncle's

ancient admonition: "Learn wisdom who lived in town, and who was perfarm is attacked by Indians, and Dave,

in thy youth; yea, learn in thy mitted to have the puppy on a week's as an Indian captive, learns the dangers

and life hardships of in trial, the Canadian to understand Doodle Mr. came to the keep youth commandments

/r. Z., L. wilderness.—A. to obey. and of 37:35.) (Alma God."

lively it is for story youngsters, A is It timely teaching a in our DAVY OF THE EVERGLADES in large printed contains type and presentday world, when there is many amusing black and white draw- (Written and illustrated by Eleanor so great a tendency to consider the ings. D. L. G. Frances Lattimore. William Morrow

wisdom of the Lord as foolishness. & Co., New York. 1949. 127 pages.

On every hand we see broken BITTER SWEET $2.00.)

homes, heartaches, suffering, and (Martha Barnhart Harper. Longmans,![)avy Dale lived with his parents

little his sister and the highon and Co., New York. 1948. misery, as a result of rash and Green

that led way through the 238 pages. $2.50.) Everglades

action thoughtless the part of on in Florida. allowed Davy was to go big the assumed Barnhart T ucy learned have who women men and if to the Glades he to would be sure sister for duties seven young

to neither nor adherence wisdom his high wear rubber boots. There Civil children of Pennsylvania farm

of the commandments God. he could pretend that he an exwas days. is so She War much fun—and keeper, records tell us a zoo or a warden. game The that in 1946 just of kind the it takes plorer, person

over 108,000 young men under to soothe the hurt of elevenyear-old Davy's experiences in the Glades twentyone were arrested for crimes Joe, who was sent home with his drum and at the Seminole village—will make

serious enough to warrant fingerfrom the enlistment center because of interesting reading for the six to ten-

C. /. printing. A visit to any state penal his age. Lucy's romantic inclinations yearold group.-—M.

will reveal institution the majority of the inmates to be young men are with a young reverend—A L.minister.Z., /r. BLACKIE(Mary E. Cook,AND Harcourt,HIS FAMILYBrace and

whose wasted bodies and twisted Company, New York. 69 pages.

outlook on life are generally the THE SMART LITTLE BOY AND 1949. $2.00.) HIS SMART LITTLE KITTY

result of failure to learn wisdom (Louise Woodcock. Illustrated. WilJI/Tary Cook has described the life

while young. liam R. Scott, Inc., New York. of the California blackbird simply

Religion, spirituality, and living 1947. 18 pages. $1.25.) and effectively in this book. Printed

clear, in large type with and many to not near are mereintended God entertaining ""Phis of story Peter and this drawings, will book supply young life's ly for the those nearing end of his Kitty the presents philosophy people with hours of as entertainment glorifies in the journey. Lord The in tolerance of that the such a manner well as give a them valuable lesson faith, devotion, of service the and very comprehend. can young life the on birds. and habits of led, reyouth, properly young; and kitty things Peter Peter's could do—E. J. M. spond with gladness and devotion. couldn't do but wished he could, and

In this spirit we must accept the Peter could do things the kitty couldn't DEBORAH'S WHITE WINTER challenge of our time with a pro-—but the kitty didn't even care. (Written and illustrated by Eleanor

gram for young people which will D. L. G. Frances Lattimore. William Morrow

stir their souls to an appreciation & Co., New York. 1949. 124 pages.

for the rich heritage that is theirs ANABEL'S WINDOWS $2.00.)

Illustrated (Agnes Danforth Hewes. olds tenyear interest will find to Cix for the opportuniprepare them and

Kurt Wiese. Dodd, by Mead & Co.,

in this story of ties the and, all, imbefore Deborah them and above 1949. York. 240 pages. $2.50.) New

in play Christmas she an which was in their of hearts a testimony plant the gospel of Jesus Christ, that it 7V combination of author and artist angel, and of her skis and the snow might be an influence for good all such as this assures pleasurable carnival. It's a fun book ior winter

the days of their"lives. readings for the seven to elevenyear—and will put joy into the snowfall

J. May the Lord bless all who isolds.the Addedfact thatto thistheidealbookcombinationis really and the icy weather. M. C.

strive to serve earnestly him through 3 NO. LADDER AND the HOOK of story

I children, his askserving TellBernard (Bill and Martin. The little girl lived in the autobiographical—theauthor herself, who as a

name of Jesus Christ. Amen. in Syria, when her parents had gone Well Press, Inc., Kansas City, Misthere to study and teach in a little souri. 26 pages. $1.00.)

hillside village in Lebanon. History A peppy little tale of a hookand-

comes to life in the Dare household ladder fire truck that found a job as do geography and the folklore of to do even in Hackenberry, where the this Biblical country.—M. C. /. only tall building was fireproof.—D. L. G.

AUGUST 1950 635 The House with the

vSu Afmu vDruner Aflmi

Hunter watched the summer "I hate these shabby old places. red geranium on the stand, his easy

Ed landscape unroll swiftly as the It's that swing you must be daffy chair, and through the door, a train bore him homeward. In about. Anyway, if we ever do glimpse of the white, redtrimmed

less than a halfhour he would be move out from town, it'll not be kitchen, with Emily, his wife. How often, to such a dingy, ramshackle place 'You don't know how glad I

in his three years in the navy, he as this. I don't see what we could am to be at home again,"he said.

had envisioned these stretching ask better than our cozy apartHe took Emily into his arms again.

prairies! Not that he was a farmer, ment. No, no, Ed, I'll never come "So many times I've dreamed of

No, it was machinery that he loved to such a place!"home and you."

most. His hands were always eager.Often, in these last three years, "Ed, dear,"she whispered,

to; fix and repair not only machinery he had thought of this rundown, clinging to him. "We're going to

but everything that required a deft weathered house. And then he begin all over again, aren't we?"

hand to restore it to good condition. had thought of that swing, and With that, she released herself

Really, it was a bit of the outthat had led to his dreaming of his from his arms and ran into the doors that he wanted, a place boyhood and his own elmtree kitchen to attend to the lunch. Bewhere, after his day's work at the swing.: cause Ed always had an enormous

machine shop was over, he could The train was slowing down. It appetite for Emily's food, he went

tinker about in house and yard. stopped. There was Emily, waitto wash up in a hurry. He wanted

No. use, though, to think about ing for him. It made him hold his to be ready for that picnic basket.

that too seriously. Indeed, he had breath, she was so pretty, so He sat down in his arm chair to

said too much to Emily about a just Emily. wait. Yes, even if there wasn't

suburban home. That was the only They were no sooner on the bus, any outdoors here, it was good

subject that had, at times, threatthan Emily announced happily that yet, he would like to be able to some bushes,ened their few years of happy marthey were going on a picnic that putter around—plantried life. More than once, it had very evening. Ed gave a tragic perhaps—so many things he would

brought them very near to a serious groan. "So soon? Why I've just like to do

quarrel. Only the good sense of got home!"Emily was rousing him: "You've

bcfth of them and their fondness of each other had prevented it. To be

sure, it was he who had always HThree years in the navy, dreaming of a bit of outdoors he yielded. Emily had invariably wanted, a place where, after his day's work at the

argued that it wouldn't be reasonmachine shop was over, he could tinker about in house and able to wear himself out doing odd yard.

jobs after his hard day's work at the shop, "And as for that elmtree "Do you really mind, Ed? It's been asleep, dear. Aunt Laura's

swing that you're always talking only the three of us. Aunt Laura here."

about, Ed,"she would say, "you're is going to stop for us in the car Aunt Laura, who was more like just going back to your childhood!"after office hours. Why, Ed, the an older sister than an aunt,

Occasionally, when he and Emily picnic is in your honor, and we greeted him affectionately: "Welhad driven out into the country, could hardly wait. There'll be come home, Ed! You're a bit thin,

they had passed houses, rundown fried chicken and a lot of other but you'll soon get over that with from neglect rather than from age. good things, too.", Emily's care and good cooking."

Such places had always attracted "Of course I don't mind, Emily, "Yes, and when I'm working

I'm mighty lucky, too,him. He was certain that they but you don't know how eager I've again—and

if Icould be bought quite reasonably. been to get home and stay there. to get my old job back. Now in—One such place he recalled in parWe're lucky to have a home to had a yard to fool aroundticular. He had noticed that there come to, with all this housing No one was paying attention to

was a swing at the side of the shortage."him, which was a good thing, for

storyand-a-half unpainted house,. he didn't want to start an argu-

"There, that's exactly the kind "I'll say we are!"Emily agreed. ment about any rundown place

of house and acreage I'd like to Ed stood in the middle of in the outskirts.

buy,"he had told Emily. "We the small living room and looked They were soon driving east.

could fix it, up fine."around him with satisfaction: the The road was familiar to Ed, for

"No, no!"Emily had retorted. tiny gas fireplace, the bookcase, the it would take; them past that place

636 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA her. "But—why?"He followed

her across the threshold.

Emily's hand held his tightly.

He couldn't speak. He could only

stare. The sun was coming through

the smallpaned windows, sifting a mellow light over the stone fireplace and over the furniture, furniture that seemed oddly familiar to him. stand—or"But, Emily,do I? DoI I?"don't under-

"Yes, Ed,"she said softly. Her

that he had taken such a fancy to smile was wonderful. "This is

just before he had left. our house, and the four acres

Why, Aunt Laura was turning around it. Ours,"she repeated.

into the driveway of that very "Our nest egg in the bank made the with together what payment, down I aren'thouse! "Oh, say—you car. sold our Our got when we we cried. here!"hecoming in

Emily laughed gaily: "Yes, why monthly payments will be the same

for the apartnot? We decided to picnic o'ut as we are paying now

here because you were once so ment."

enthusiastic about it. The place "Oh, Emily! You are the best

has been sold, but as no one is wife in the world! You don't

living here at present, we can picknow what this is going to mean nic in peace. Just imagine, Aunt to me all my life."

Laura, anyone getting daft over "Don't try to tell me, dear."She

as this! asuch house ramshackle -*$!> wentmanner,on "Allthen, thein furniturea matterof-factin this too. grounds, scrubbySuch Ed

said it had wonderful possibilities. room came from my old home.

We nearly quarreled about it."again,"Emily commented during a You know, it's been in storage

Immediately Ed went exploring. pause in the eating. "If it were unever since Mother died. There is

A little later, joining the others, der an elm tree you might feel a lot more of it, but this is the only he exclaimed, "I should say there more at home,"she teased. room that Aunt Laura and I had

are possibilities here! Fixing, that's "Oh, an apple tree isn't so bad,"time to fix up. There'll be time

all it needs. See, I found these he chuckled. "Neither are brown later on to attend to everything."

roses in a tangle of shrubbery down thrashers, for that matter."They "Sure, plenty of time. I can

the slope. If the right kind of peolistened. One of them was singing hardly believe it, Emily. No wonthat picnic theple were only living here—Why, if from the very top of a cottonwood. der you wanted

Emily were here, it wouldn't be They were through eating. very day I came home! Honestly, I

long before we'd have one of the Ed went over to examine the was a little peeved to have to go.

trimmest setups around. Give swing. "Needs a new rope, that's But shall we explore the rest of

us, say, three years or so."sure. It's an old apple tree, but the house?"he asked, starting for

"I see you're the same old fixer, it looks as if it was good for a long the inner door.

Ed! "Emily exclaimed. "But right time, yet."He picked one of the Emily held him back for a monow it's the 'eats'we're interested little hard apples. Wait till fall ment: "You see, Ed, I got to thinkin. We'll put out things on this and there would be bushels of ing, more and more, of what this

old rustic table—I hope it won't them. "Black Twigs, I guess they place might mean to you, and the

break down. Just sit down anyare. more I thought about it, the more

way and make yourself at home.""Ed!"Emily was calling. "Ed!"I knew that I wanted such a home

"I sure will. This is what I've She was standing at the side door myself. And Ed, if we should have

been homesick for. Something like of the house, a bunch of keys in children, and we will, even if wethis."He soon became too enher hand. should have to adopt—

grossed in chicken and potato salad "Ed, we're going into the house, Ed interrupted, "Why the chilto talk. now I"dren can have a lot of fun on that

"I guess you saw that swing "How's that?"he asked, joining swing under the apple tree."

AUGUST 195,0 637 beings who had merely evolved a different cultural pattern. Hawaiians

(lju Jkeli weretions alwayswithin thegivenChurch.responsible posiThis approach left the Hawaiian

with his individual and racial pride intact, his selfrespect unimpaired.

And therein lies the keynote of the success of the Church. Instead of

attempting to uproot all vestiges of Fruits...

the native culture, the Latterday

Saints, by sympathetic methods, have been able to produce a living

Dm J\atkteen <Jj'vckevi5ovi nlellevi faith,gation.capableTherefore,of growthit isandnotpropasur-

prising that those Hawaiians who j are perpetuating the ancient culture of their race are, almost without exception, members of the Church.

Arriving in Hawaii in 1850 when the morale of the Hawaiians was at low ebb, the Church gave them a religion which, like their own faith, harmonized with the land and the elements.

The Church bought six thousand acres of land at Laie (in 1865) and established a community in which the Hawaiians might return to the soil and live together under conditions favorable to the preservation of their own traditions and ideals.

Realization that the Latterday

Saints looked upon the land itself not merely as a means of gaining wealth but also with a feeling of affection as had their own ancestors, won for them immediate Hawaiian

FORMER MISSION HOME AT LAIE. respect and admiration. Thus Laie

became a haven for Hawaiians who planning for the care and edusuccessful work of the Latterday found there the traditional warmth

IN cation of the people of the Trust Saints among the Hawaiians. The of the ancient days and the comTerritories of the South Pacific, reason is easily found: from the forting security of a wellpatterned

the American government has wisebeginning they dealt with the life.

ly chosen to utilize the services of Hawaiians not in the condescending The story of Laie can well be told anthropologists to insure the presmanner of superiors working with a through the life of one of its early ervation of the best of the native "heathen race,"but as fellow human leaders, Samuel Edwin Woolley, cultures. It is now well recognized

that within these ancient cultural patterns are to be found literary and historical treasures of great value to AUTHOR'S NOTE the world. It is further recognized

that satisfactory development of the came to the Hawaiian Islands from my home in Virginia in 1922. Becoming

a little Hawaiian I adopted their "Mother then been people themselves can evolve only homesteadI immediatelysettlementinterestedcalled inPapakoleathe Hawaiianand havepeople,since out of the foundations of their own Advisor."

hereditary background. It was there that I noted the beneficial effects of the L.D.S. religion on the

lives of its members. In the words of Samuel Woolley; "I looked at their lives

In this connection it is interesting and knew that the Church was good."

to note that the Church of Jesus My first book, In a Hawaiian Valley, was dedicated to the people of

Christ of Latterday Saints followed Papakolea.life of KamehamehaWhile writingthe Great,my I nextwas impressedbook, The byLonelythe similarityWarrior,of whichthe methodsis the

this advanced method of thinking a used by the Church in guiding the Hawaiians and those used by Kamehameha citizens. selfreliant to his healthy, good, people be and developing training and establishin years ago when hundred

I that to that Mr. Ralph I suggested E. Woolley for this reason It was

in the Hawaiian branch ing its first non- a by article observed L.D.S. like about the to write an would andChurch—asMrs.

Islands. member.

Mellen Those who write of the Hawaiian—Kathleen Dickenson

scene invariably comment upon the 638 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA who served as its head from 1895 to 1 92 1. "He was our father to us,"

say the old Hawaiians. "He wanted

us to be good and to be happy. We

worked hard for him—but we sing

and laugh while we work like in the days of Kamehameha."

They discovered that the Church attitude toward prayer was much like their own. Mr. Kekuku gave a

story in illustration. "I remember

my grandfather, before he put the taro top in the ground, would lift it toward the sky and say to God, 'The spirit of this is for you; the

meat of it is for my grandson that he may grow strong and healthy to serve you.'Mr. Woolley liked us

to do that, too, even if it took a little more time for the work. He

always wanted us to be good people and to be happy and healthy. He health is important, and it's religion, Samuel, now is president of the

would say to us, 'I want the world even if it isn't mentioned in the Oahu Stake, which was formed to look at you and to know from Bible."from part of the mission in 1935.

your lives "that the Church is He told them to wear flowers to Although unalike in temperament, good.'church so they would feel happy father and son hold alike the loyalty

Mr. Kekuku's eyes filled with as God wanted them to feel. Thus, of their Church members. Samuel

tears; "He was our father. He alby working through many pathways was a dynamic leader, loved and

ways protect us and make us feel Mr. Woolley developed a group of obeyed because of his zestful

safe and happy inside."people who were healthy, happy, leadership. Ralph, gentler by naSamuel Woolley ruled his little and selfreliant. They say, "Once ture, is loved and obeyed "because

colony with a firm hand, but he filled you get the Mormon religion you it would hurt his heart if we didn't."

the lives of the people with the kind have to live it to be worthy of it. Although Samuel Woolley had a

of joyous expectancy in which Mr. Woolley made us so strong inscholarly knowledge of the HaHawaiians revel. His sermons were side that we never lose it."waiian language he customarily

pungent and personal. Glancing Ralph Edwin Woolley, son of {Concluded on page 666)

over a Sunday morning congregation, he would say, "If any of you left your houses unclean or the stock unfed, you must go home and attend to your duties. You cannot

receive a message from the Lord if your house is dirty or if the cows and pigs are crying for food."Then

he would pause.

And with painful reluctance, those who had left chores undone would file out of the building devastated by the thought of missing a thrilling sermon. The following

Sunday would find them up and at work before dawn.

Mention of unweeded plots of land in a sermon would send the people scurrying to the fields to put their gardens in order. Or perhaps

the sermon would be on health, beginning with, "I rode around Laie last night and saw several houses shut up tight. If you sleep with

your windows closed, you will become sick; then you won't be able

to lead full lives, get enjoyment, and do good work. Health is a part—Courtesy Hawaii Visitors Bureau

of religion. Taking care of your View of Honolulu from Punchbowl.

AUGUST 1950 639 IN THE

VIII tine Exploration Fund Quarterly For ages the cities of Palestine or less more been had Syria and years ago, to appear many Adventure in Jerusalem started governors, military of the rule under to a treated have been its readers at in theory blood but, native brothers his made on of reports and flow of official two constantNEPHI "These to Egypt. to answerable least, Jerusalem. The trips back and near caves in newlydiscovered

second was only to "the land284 Jerusalem. The country is peppered commandants (called rabis in the

of Jerusalem"to pick up Ishmael, with them; for the area southwest Amarna letters) were subordinate

tyut the first was an exciting and of the city, "it is difficult to give an to the cityprinces (chazan), who city the in as 'Brother'them address assignment excavations commonlydangerous principal of the account a sordid mere were no it was 'Father.'"21"Theyitself. appearor Though without (caves) this type of

raid, as we have seen, the men ing to use the language of exaggeralot of careerists whose authority taking their tents with them and tion... to attempt a descriptive depended on constant deception and

going quite openly, they were excatalogue of these caves would be intrigue, though they regarded their pecting trouble and drew lots to altogether futile, the mere labor of offices as hereditary and sometimes the to Laban. In kings. go in should themselves... styledsee who the hills searching

without find these men tells of hiding story letters we for examples1 "Farther endless."AmarnaThe be almost the would

walls, daring exploits in the dark out, the Beit Jibrin area "contains raiding each other's caravans to streets, mad pursuits, masquerading, an innumerable number of artificial build up their private fortunes, ac2SR debts other of unpaid each cusing of and Tih deserts and the caves, 280 demutually promises, broken and them. with Many swarm desperaterels—a typicaldeeds, Orientaland bitterromance,quarMoab

you will say, but typical because of these caves are younger than nouncing each other as traitors to such things actually do, and did, Lehi's time, but many are also older Egypt, and generally displaying the happen in Eastern cities. It has and have been used at all times as usual timehonored traits of the

ever been a standard and convenhiding places. 2But who in America crooked high official in the East.

tional bit of gallantry for some knew of these hiding places a hunThe Lachish letters show that such

Bedouin bravo with a price on his dred years ago? men were still the lords of creation

life walking his by to risk of head commanders Lehi's first return in the day—the purpose of The

in city daybroad a right through were around Jerusalem the towns procuring the trip was to Jerusalem light, a very theatrical gesture but of certain records which were writstill acting in closest cooperation asfriends Arab thing which a my dematters, in military with Egypt of (the Morbronze Book ten on life real a in done been has sure me of Egypt prestige the on pending uses Bible like the always mon 201 It reading while times. was thousand and power, their corrupt bolster to call for bronze) what we "brass"writer the that epic Hilal Beni the ungroveling still and as behaving in which a Lehi dream plates. had 295 reclose the first impressed by was timeservers. scrupulous to these get commanded he was Lehi's of behavior the of semblance knew, already as he which, records of functions the of main One trip to Jerusalem quick that on sons of at one the house kept were alin has East the governors local the of braves the of that young to exnot does know Nephi Laban. petitions, and to hear been visit ways they would Hilal when Beni

28"asthis for and reason the actly ever has practice established their circumstances. like city under a object the that incorrectly, sumes, (or anypetitioners the to rob been the of migrations the tales of The the children is unto our "preserve to possible. The else) wherever one pattern the tribe same have 'Amer is It infathers.""of our language fifteen of story Peasant Eloquent walls, drawing the without camping in Hilal the Beni that teresting inthe Lehi and before centuries chance, a take to see would lots who felt trek their great for out setting from the of Qadis Tales numerable making city the into and sneaking of a it record to keep necessary all are after him centuries fifteen midnight the through -getaway a it as to to fathers add their and picture, Laban and the of of part same all the is in Book streets 286—it of the that memory "so went, they it if picture as fits were that into authentic. all quite and Mormon generafuture for it remain might portrait. off set his is to the also typical drawn 293 Thoroughly a of such keeping tions."The in men young the of out hiding to other also known was daftar

.. they. the house in while unto city the went and Laman near caves

tribes. wandering sat he as him with talked he and of to Laban, henchmen Laban's for waited

cool off and debated with Oriental But what were the records doin his house.

heat and passion, their next move. ing at Laban's house, and who was And he desired of Laban the records

( I Nephi 3: 2728. ) Since the PalesLaban anyway? which were engraven upon the plates of

fc-., iciiSSymi

—Photograph by Adelbcrt Bartlett

brass, which contained the genealogy of MODERNDAY HARVESTING IN MEGIDDO, PALESTINE.

my father.

And... Laban was angry, and thrust visitor desired of the merchant their bargaining power when they

his he presence; would and out fromhim prince that he part with some cedar lost their fortune. records. the should that he havenot

Wherefore, he said unto him: Behold thou logs, the latter flew into a temper A few deft and telling touches

art a robber, and I will slay thee. and accused him of being a thief resurrect the pompous Laban with

But Laman fled out of his presence, and ("Behold thou art a robber!"says photographic perfection. We learn

told the -things which Laban had done, Laban), demanding that he produce in passing that he commanded a unto us. (I Nephi 3:1113.) his credentials. Zakar Baal then garrison of fifty, that he met in full

Later the brothers returned to "had the journal of his fathers ceremonial armor with "the elders

Laban laden with their family treasbrought in, and had them read it of the Jews"for secret consultaure, foolishly hoping to buy the before him,"from which it is plain tions by night, that he had control plates from him. They might have that the important records of the of a treasury, that he was of the

reladistant aristocracy, his old being a stored at actually wereknown what would happen: city that he probtive of Lehi himself, From on tablets. and kept house

this ancient "journal of his fathers"ably held his job because of his it that pass came to Laban when And the prince proved to Wenamon ancestors, since he hardly received it that property, our andsaw was exceeding great, he did lust after it, insomuch that his ancestors had never taken it by merit, that his house was the that he thrust us out, and sent his servants orders from Egypt, and though the storing place of very old records, to slay us, that he might obtain our latter softened his host somewhat that he was a large man. shortproperty. by reminding him that Ammon, the tempered, crafty, and dangerous,

And it came to pass that we did flee lord of the universe, rules over and in the bargain cruel, greedy,before the servants of Laban, and we were obliged to leave behind our property, all kings, he was given a bad time unscrupulous, weak, and given to and it fell into the hands of Laban. {Ibid., by the ruler, who, with cynical podrink. All of which makes him

3:2526.) liteness, offered to show him the a Rabu to the life, the very

graves of some other Egyptian enmodel of an Oriental pasha. He

Compare this with the now classic voys, whose mission had not been is cut from the same cloth as the story of Wenamon's interview too successful; the negotiations bemilitary governors of the Lachish

with the rapacious Zakar Baal of ing completed Zakar Baal, on a legal letters: Jaush, "probably,"accordByblos. The Egyptian entered the technicality, turned his guest over ing to J. W. Jack, "the military

in this fleet of whole region, lurkgovernor the of mercies a pirate him to "foundgreat house and man's along the defenses all the of the control harbor. ing the leanoutsidesitting in his chamber, 296 And upper

ing his back against a window,"while he smiled and bowed, for after western frontier of Judah, and an even as Laman accosted Laban "as all Wenamon was an Egyptian intermediary with the authorities in he sat in his house."When his official, whereas Lehi's sons lost (Continued on following page)

AUGUST 1950 641 11111 IN THE DESERT

(Continued from preceding page) later told Nephi ) in conference with But this was still not enough;

Jerusalem. The author of the let- "the elders of the Jews... out by the Spirit spoke again, explainters, Hoshaiah, was apparently the night among them"(Ibid., 4:22), ing the Lord's reasons and asleader of the military company situand was wearing his fulldress arsuring Nephi that he would be in

ated at some outpost near the main mor. There is a world of inference in the right; to which Nephi appends

road from Jerusalem to the coast."this: we sense the gravity of the yet more arguments of his own, reHis character is one of "fawning situation in Jerusalem, which "the membering the promise that his peo297

servility."elders"are still trying to conceal; ple would prosper only by keeping

As to the garrison of fifty, it we hear the suppressed excitement the commandments of the Lord, seems pitifully small. It would of Zoram's urgent talk as he and

I also thought that they and not could keep for the aujust easy as beenhave streets the hastened through Nephi

.. the they. save commandments should I "fifty said to have ofthor Nephi to the city gates (Ibid., 4:27), and the have law.

it really imthousand,"and made willingness from Zoram's to change pressive, but the Book of Mormon sides the city, leave and the we can be which worthless criminal and 300 matters.is in such very headstrong he, sure that secretary, as Laban's alone Laban from kept them havIt has reason to be. The number knew how badly things were going. ing;

fifty suits perfectly with the Amarna From the Lachish letters it is clear picture where the military forces are that wellinformed people were And again. I knew that the Lord had

delivered into Laban for hands this a small my and surprisingly soalways state of of the critical quite aware... cause. I Therefore did obey the voice is thirty to eighty men ofgarrison things the at Jerusalem, even while of the Spirit.

thought adequate even for big sarim were working with all their towns; and this is still more strikingmight to suppress every sign of At long last Nephi finally did the

ly vindicated in a letter of Nebucriticism and disaffection. How deed, of which he is careful to clear

chadnezzar, Lehi's contemporary, could they take counsel to provide himself, putting the responsibility wherein the great king orders: "As for the defense of the city and for the whole thing on the Lord. If

your under wereto the fifties who the interests Book of their exciting without own Mormon were a work rear, the to gone thosecommand, of fiction, rise nothing misalarm or giving to general would be easier ranks."to their fugitives returnor than to have givings? of course, only way, Laban The already dead

Offord on this,Commenting their Nephi councils of when to hold found be says, would him or simply "In tliese days it is interesting to war in secret. The Book of Morto omit an episode which obviously

note the indication here, that in mon shows them doing just that. distressed the writer quite as much conplatoon a army Babylonianthe it as does the reader. reluctance, but great urged With might also, fifty we men;""tained of the be voice "the persistently (To continued) by "fifty,"—- a called it that wasadd Spirit,"Laban's took own Nephi

fifty."his with "Labanhence,

it. off his BIBLIOGRAPHY with cut head sword and orthe great wars In 4:1.) ( I Nephi 284i is Ne. 7:2-5. horror with episode viewed This The expression "up unto the quickarmies opposing of thganization 'h, aPart by itself u"p in apincredulity people the by who land and of t"lfT? Jerusalem. They traveled f "into the essential all in similar wilderness toly becomes go to up Jerusalem."is which recent a the applauded proved and Semitic of way saying "through the allow wilderness in side can neither sincerespects, the direction of Jerusalem."people far killing fact innocent of The that more this a was simple in and it, uncomplicated and mission overreach to at a time otherthe things when of the youth would have than armed by Laban been hotter than ever in

the city Babylonia for 301 the brethren, between strugglethe who their on former of land. Morour Book expedition The own were chased by Laban's police, implies groups and individuals that Ishmael. Egypt, likeand Lehi, lived well out in the is conBible the than no more mon country, frequency great with sideschange episodes; pleasant to fined mild and 285Margoliouth (Arabs Israelites, and p. cites 23) burwas world the the asthen now Beni Hilal as illustrating migration even as it is part for the a sad and most early as the Exodus, and gives some rules type also standard single a withdened observed Lehi's by folly. tale of 24): (p. grievous human Nodo not "They

migrate haphazardly Laban, but..."party send out organization. scouts, and militaryof the disturbed before one by more seemed making a are move careful to determine the a had will Lachish, of of heaven: "various like Hoshaiah omens auguries and enincident than Nephi unpleasant tered into the process. If are human beings... under soldiers of single company it unchanged, is likely that the emigrants would to pains great himself, took who not at all lose once to attachment the tribes whence permanent the representinghim..."they had sprung. 4:10- (Ibid., his position. explain

of "tens the against as garrison, 286 Dissard, "constrained First J. 18.) by he "Les Migrations les was et Vicissitudes the in la de Tribu des "Amer,"commanded Biblique he Revuethousands"N.S. II kill said to Spirit"he but the Laban, 411416 (1905) latter but these not was field—it in that his never shed heart he 2S7 had F. Bliss et al., J. in Excavation Palestine Laman frightened that "fifty"the 18981900, p. 204 at sick blood became and human

and Lemuel; and like Jaush (who the thought: "I shrunk and would Id.. p. 269

his successor) been have evenmay that him."slay not I might The <2SBSurvey of Western Palestine Special Papers. I, with "the touch close inhe kept its 19ff to again, Spirit and spoke

290Bliss, cit.. op. 266f. p. the use in these Jerusalem."On authorities promptings Nephi adds his own reacaves as hiding in places ancient F. ofW. third in a night Birch, in places "Hiding Returning by Canaan,"1884. times,PEFQ sons: 6170, also 1880, p. pp. 235f and 1881, p. 323f Nephi records, the get to attempt

"brass"refers'201While to properly alloy any to take that sought I also he had knew form prostrate the over stumbled of distinguish copper, alloys tin, of copper and life; yea, would and he mine away own the name has recently been acadopted,"BRONZE"to the drunk in lying dead of Laban, to the cording Dictionary. Oxford of the unto not hearken commandments

deserted street. {Ibid., 4:7.) The the Lord; and he also had taken away our 202As a matter of fact, that language was not

commander had been ( so his servant property. [Continued on page 670)

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA M.I.A. leaders who conducted the M.I. A. convention recently in Hawaii. Left to right, Judge

William H. Reeder, General President Bertha S.

Reeder, General Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis,

and Sister Luceal R. Curtis

Mill ill

Convention In J4cawau

i5u (LSertka ), Keediev GENERAL PRESIDENT OF THE Y. W.M.I. A.

Theprovedmorningto be ofa redletterApril 19, day1950in flowerderfullyleis.adeptTheat nativeswimming,boys, divedwonwhichtourists,theusuallyHawaiiansmonthly;prepareit beginsfor

the lives of General Superininto the water for the coins thrown with a thirtyfive mile scenic drive tendent Elbert R. Curtis and his into it by the tourists who thrilled over Nuuanu Pali to Laie Beach.

wife, Luceal R. Curtis; my husband, at the agility of the Hawaiian lads. Lei and lauhala weaving, poi poundWilliam H. Reeder, and me, for on The drive along the highways ing, and other crafts are exhibited.

that day we started for Hawaii to was indeed like a trip into fairyland. The imu ( underground oven ) is

hold an M.I.A. convention in the Stately trees and beautiful flowers opened, and the pig of the luau

Paradise of the Pacific. garlanded the road. The homes ( feast ) served at lunch is removed.

The trip across the magnificent have beautiful gardens, made loveAfter luncheon, guests are enterPacific in the S. S. Lutline defies ly by the profusion of ferns, vines, tained by fifty Samoan and Hadescription. It was a restful trip, and flowering plants. The Hawaiian waiian dancers, all Latterday

permitting enjoyment of the experihibiscus alone blooms in two thouSaints, and singers on the outdoor ences that are too often overlooked sand shapes and colors, ranging stage.

in the hurry of modernday living. from pure white to the most vivid The atmosphere is one conducive

The flying fish, the graceful albavermilion. But the hibiscus, beautito recreation, and the Mutual Imtross, dipping their wings into the ful as it is, must share its laurels provement Associations are doing

water as they swooped down for with the nightblooming cereus, the exceptional work—as are the other

food, the iridescent water itself jasmine, and the waxlike antherium, organizations of Oahu Stake, under oneindigo—allminute fascinatedsapphire, ustheon nextour perfectVariedin asits theexquisiteflowersbeauty.are in their theRalphableE. Woolley.leadership Oahuof PresidentStake is

westward trip. color, beauty, and species, so are composed of seven wards and five

As we neared our destination, the people who inhabit the Habranches. The M.I.A. boards are

first one island then another apwaiian Islands. Seven nationalities fully organized and are carrying

peared until in the distance we saw mingle picturesquely on the streets the Mutual program as it has been

Diamond Head against a backof Honolulu as Hawaiians, Japaoutlined ground of high mountains covered nese, Chinese, Filipinos, Koreans, The recreational program of the with vegetation. The mountains rePortuguese, Europeans of various Mutual has made many converts to

minded us of the Green Mountains countries through their individual the Church. League basketball,

of Vermont where my husband garb add color to the already colorvolleyball, tennis, swimming, and all and I presided over the New Engful islands. kinds of outdoor sports are entered

land Mission for five and a half Leiday is a novel holiday for into with the keenest of interest.

years. Hawaii, a day honoring the spirit The young women as well as the

Boats came to meet the Lutline, of friendliness in a land where 365 young men enter into these activiand the natives sang their haunting days are devoted to laughter and ties; in addition, the young women

Hawaiian songs as they presented the enjoyment of living. The hukilau have a stirring handicraft program.

everyone on the ship with beautiful offers one of the complete programs {Continued on page 670)

AUGUST 1950 643 wool, linen, or cotton? That's why

the shopper is often confused: It

isn't easy to tell the difference between rayon gabardine and wool gabardine, or between rayon crashTODAY'S and linen crash, if no labels are present.

EDITOR Types of Rayon SDurl Shepherdr

There are two types of rayon in common use today, called "rayon"and "acetate rayon."The first (also known as viscose rayon) is a out JC>now cool fabric, suitable for summerwhat a.

dresses, blouses, baby clothes, boys'shirts, and underclothes. Because

it is absorbent, it is quite comfortable to the body in warm weather. Ju RAYON?

It is not subject to gas fading, so

Cinderella's fairy godmother had nothing on the modern chemist.

He, too, can wave a "magic wand"to achieve delightful changes in milady's wardrobe. He can dress

her up in wood pulp and cotton linters, amazingly transformed by the use of chemicals into beautiful fabrics which we know today as rayons! Satins, velvets, chiffons, hi

taffetas, moires, and some jerseys, 3 all sleek and smooth to the touch Row material for rayon is the Solid cellulose is reduced This liquid is forced through these are being made today from cottoncelluloselinters.from wood pulp or chemically to a sticky liquid. tinyfine streams.holes of aThesespinneretteare hardin

rayon. enedstrands intoof rayon,"filaments"which areor

To make other fabrics, the long woven into yarn.

fibers of rayon are cut into short lengths and spun into a yarn which more wrinkle repellent. Did you may be purchased in blue shades

is suitable for gabardine, shantung, know that by using the same spinwithout fear of its changing color;

crash, and other fabrics. These have ning and weaving machines as are but it does not take a permanent

good sewing properties because the used for wool, linen, or cotton, this moire finish, and the shopper must slippery qualities of the yarn have rayon can be made into fabrics watch for a guarantee in this regard, been eliminated, and they are also which remarkably resemble those of lest her pretty moire disappear in

BLUEPRIN TOdiut*!

YOUR CROWNING GLORY

it their ingredients that. not preparaallow beauty as do a modern But brush and style it and

to film the water so harsh, dull not tried tions are of lime from and the care.WASHit with same The

and true prescription for hair emphasis is on liquid shampoos stick to the hair. Also, they are less

care that has won the approval of even soapless ones. Liquid shamirritating to a sensitive scalp.

beauty specialists for ages past is poos are more efficient than cake Whichever preparation is used, the rule today. soaps, yet castile soap makes an it should be lathered on the hair

Our pioneer grandmothers probexcellent shampoo when dissolved twice during a shampoo and rinsed, ably sudsed their long locks with a in hot water. In favor of soapless after the last application, until all

strong cake of lye soap once every shampoos, it must be said that they the film is gone and the hair month or so and were glad to have wash out more easily than soaps, {Continued on page 652) 644 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the first wash water. By putting a

twist in the fiber before it is spun into yarn, the manufacturers have developed its creping qualities and thus cut down on wrinkling. Both

Bemberg and Aristocratic are tradenames of fine quality rayon crepes <W|fOFFERS THESE used in good rayon dresses. Acetate rayon, in contrast to visWASHING ADVANTAGES

cose rayon, is a warm fabric, not particularly suitable for fitted sum- 1. Mild, golden soap.

mer clothes because it does not ab- 2. Gentle, active naptha.

sorb moisture readily. However, 3. Finer 'Sunshine'Ingredients

because of this factor it makes a that give white things extra, it dries dress, as rainydaygood brilliant whiteness—makequickly. with used can be Also it washable colorssatisfaction in shower curtains. The

fibers of acetate rayon melt or fuse brighter than new.

together when heat is applied to it, making it a good fabric to use for permanent pleating, but necessitating that only a warm iron be used for pressing. It is because of this melting property that acetate rayon will Yes, little girl, your Mother's a very

take a permanent moire finish, smart lady... she is a regular user

while others will not (the moire of FelsNaptha Soap Chips—now

design being melted into the fabric improved for finer washing results.with heavy steam rollers ). Acetate

rayon has body and holds its shape You and Mother will have your wash well; in plain weaves it does not

done in a jiffy, with FelsNaptha andshrink; except in blue shades, which

fade quickly by perspiration, it is your wonderful automatic washer good for linings because it does not working together. Your playsoiled

readily absorb perspiration. In blue dresses will come sparkling clean and

shades it is subject to gas fading unless especially finished to prevent fresh and fragrant, because FelsNaptha such reaction. Crisp rayon fabrics combines the extra washing energy of

usually contain acetate, while the golden soap and gentle naptha, plus the softer ones are viscose rayon.

Would it be worth while, in buyspecial 'Sunshine'ingredient that makes ing a dress or sewing for the family, washes 'sparklewhite and colorbright.'

to be able to tell one rayon from another? Textile experts recommend

that homeburning tests be made on IMPROVED all rayons purchased to determine their identity. The test is simply

this: Take a few fibers of the fabric, twist them together, and apply FelsNaptha Soap

a flame to one end. If the fibers WITH NEW 'SUNSHINE'INGREDIENTS

burn with a flame, emitting a slight (Continued on following page) AUGUST,1950 645 WHAT DO YOU KNOW ABOUT RAYON? AN OUTSTANDING OFFER

TO LD.S. PARENTS! vinegar(Concludedodor, fromandprecedingleaving page)a hard, 2. boardIroning on a skimpilypadded

black, brittle ash which does not 3. Ironing collars, plackets, and

For children crush easily, the fibers are acetate otherdouble-thickness sections from 2-15 rayon. Another test consists of apon the right side without a years—truly

wonderful plying a drop of acetone to a piece press cloth over them.

development of fabric, and if it becomes soft and 4. Insufficient rinsing; soap left

sticky and then hardens as the acein the fabric may cause grease tone evaporates, acetate rayon is spots or stain.

present. Acetone can be purchased Practically all rayons are more

FOR YOUR CHILDREN at a drugstore. beautiful if ironed on the wrong side

Characters which move with the with a light, dry pressing cloth, on touch of a magic wand. Care of Rayons the order of cheesecloth. Following

1. Bible Stories are ironing instructions regarding

2. Mother Goose Washing: In general, smooth, flat ( a ) dampness of the garment before 3. Fairyland

fabrics such as sharkskin will wash ironing, and (b) iron temperature. 4. Little Artist

crisp ( and other as family, A MUST for Parents & Teachers well,twistedyarnwhile crepes,composition,because of theirmay rayonsRayonofsharkskinthe sharkskin

Per $1.25 Copy shrink or stretch when wet. A very they usually contain acetate ): evenSet of 4-$4.50 crepy crepe should always be dryly ironing slowly with damp, a warm Satisfaction GUARANTEED—Postcleaned. are best Rayons washed side. iron wrong on the age Rates for

etc. Teachers,Prepaid—QuantityAuxiliaries, in lukewarm, sudsy water without jersey (usually contains Rayon

SEND YOUR ORDER OR INQUIRY rubbing or wringing, rinsed in lukeacetate rayon): slightly damp, using

TO warm water, and dried in the shade a warm iron.

R0MNEYL1NDSAY till only slightly damp; then they Heavy rayon satins: evenly

can be shaped and ironed on the damp, ironing till the fabric is dry.

BETTER BOOKS wrong side. Rayons are more If heavier parts remain damp, hang

(Exclusive Distributors) susceptible to alkali than cotton, and on hanger to dry, then touch up on 1248 Alameda 1716V2 Warren

Salt Lake City Seattle, Wash. so only mild soaps should be used. wrong side. Some satins require a

Instructions given on the label for warmer iron than others. Test the

washing or drycleaning are imporiron on a seam.

tant. Washable rayon crepes (and

YOU'VE NEVER TASTED Bleaching: Rayon is naturally a lightweight satins ): almost dry,

white fiber and does not turn yelwith a moderately hot iron.

low; therefore, it needs no bleaching Heavier spun rayons (including POTATO SALAD or bluing. Strong bleaches tend to gabardine, covert, flannel, butcher

THIS GOOD BEFORE weaken any fabric. Sunlight is a linen ): slightly damp, with a hot

natural bleach and is hard on all iron.

colors, making it advisable to reDress-weight spun rayons (inmove colored clothes from the line cluding shantungs, broadcloth, novas soon as they are dry. elty fabrics ): dry, with a hot iron,

Drying: Rayons lose from twenty and using a light pressing cloth.

percent to sixty percent of their Sheer, lawnlike rayons (blouses,

BECAUSE strength when wet and so require baby clothes ): almost dry, using a

careful handling. Moisture should hot iron. A slight trace of damp-

"latUf S5 TASTIER!... be squeezed from them, not wrung. ness in the fabric before ironing

Their original strength returns gives a crisp finish.

'1d4Uf "IS TOPS"when they are completely dry, and extra with Packed it is best to allow twentyfour hours --g.. zest!. extra richness

Magic "flavor factor"for drying before they are worn.

tries to HOSTESS wins Tang—discovereveryone who They should not be allowed

this different dressfreeze on the line or blow in a high ing now! wind. Knitted rayons, and those By Pauline Havard

that should be ironed quite damp, for ajar held me; her door r\AY to sufin a towel be rolled dry may GALLEYS'JT SCOOP, *-'I inside Entranced, stepped

ficiently for ironing. gracious of charm. house goldwalled Her IT'S THRIFTY, TOO Ironing: ironed should be stayed wide Rayons open door The

without pulling or stretching and ForI stayedotheruntilfolk Night'slike me boughsto find.

ironed always with the grain of the Were full of stars; reluctantly

material. Ironshine on rayon fab- I then left Day's bright house.

Still I lovely things that learned had is rics caused by:

end, before day's Occur THE PERFECT SALAD DRESSING 1. a toohot Using friend! as greet a iron And Day

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HAWAIIAN

enw5 Hi

"Rrom Hawaiians and American friends of Hawaii come these tempting recipes have which been SveftM Otmce ajfouf use. generaladapted for Naturally,

much of the goodness and flavor eagerly you watch the scale for the steady gainof these recipes is due to the use How of such fresh foods as coconut and that means so much to your baby! And the milk that

pineapple, which are usually availyou put into his bottle plays such an important part in able only where grown. We sugthe ounceby-ounce gain that tells you "all's well."

gest the substitution of the canned product where necessary. You can be sure "all's well"when you give your baby

Recipes are from the files of RoSego Milk. It is always easy for babies to digest.

mania H. Woolley (wife of the Always uniformly rich in the food substances of good

Oahu Stake president, Ralph E. whole milk. And as safe in its sealed container, as if

Woolley); Katherine Napoleon there were no harmful germs in the world.

(former Y.W.M.I.A. president in

Oahu Stake ); and Ivy White ( Salt In Sego Milk, too, your baby gets all the vitamin D

Laker who filled a mission in Hadoctors say he must have in order to develop straight, waii). The recipes are printed as strong bones and sound teeth, and to make the best of

received. growth. All Sego Milk is enriched with vitamin D, the

Pineapple Egg Nog sunshine vitamin, in pure crystalline form.

1 egg, separated Ask your doctor about Sego Milk for your baby.

1 tablespoon sugar Dash of salt fresh pineapple juicey2 CUP rich 1 cup milk of Dash nutmeg FREE TO MOTHERS!

This bandy book that -makes it easier

Combine egg yolk with sugar and to care for and train your baby.

salt; whip until thick. Then add milk Dozens of the most important questions the care training about and of juice. stiffly inand pineapple Fold

are in this 64your baby answered tall white.beaten glasses Pour into illustrated book. page Approved by

and sprinkle with nutmeg. (Half of a a wellknown doctor. Praised enthufully-ripe banana may be whipped in siastically by mothers in the interwest. for mountain free Send yourto give added nourishment and richthis of helpful today. copy book

ness.) E-4, Address: Dept. Co., Sego Milk

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Pineapple Fluff

1 egg white 1 teaspoon sugar Sego Milk Products Co., Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West

{Continued on following page) Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

AUGUST 1950 647 it's as simple %- as this * HAWAIIAN MENUS (Continued from preceding page) Coconut Custard 1 cup pineapple juice Mint leaves 6 tablespoons cornstarch 4 tablespoons sugar to partially beaten salt teaspoon egg )<4 till stiff. with Better caps & lids whiteAdd andsugarbeat Pour pinecup milk l/2

apple juice into the egg mixture. Add 232 cups milk or 2 cups milk and

mint leaves. Serve in glasses. (Continued on page 650)

TOLERANCE 97—and "7/erance

*Z&ie4, 5 Beaton*,?#6<f

Resilient 1. heavy BY RICHARD L. EVANS

or gauge,Qualityno weakeningSteel—embossing

bulging. is honest quality tolerance a wonderful and earnest A N 2. food coat Extra COating—Third

resistant lacacid gold enamel on character. of virtues, tolerance great all other But like

tin. quer, on

3. Latex rings—Builtin live latex \ can be abused. And the abuse of tolerance, or of any

rings cushion against jar rims for other virtue, may cause it to defeat its own end. With high vacuums,

4. *Xoff"Easier this in mind, may we turn our attention to a type of tolerdesign thread provides tOO—Exclusiveeasy "on

off."and that is of doesn't tolerance that type ance I intolerable—the

5. Special Even Packing—No tolerindifference; distinguish the tolerance between and I to prying separate. to Packed back

back. Slide out ready to use. ance of the man who doesn't care enough to know, or

At *%<*<* jet att5 <%Hty udtA. know enough to care, whether or not he is sincerely tolerMost ant or merely compromising his convictions; the tolerance

I Good of the man who has a reputation for tolerance because

Stores BerNARdin lead responsibility lacks the him sense of which would

CAPS & LIDS he asleep! is really tolerant, simply or to find he out whether

We wouldn't want to live in a world without tolerance, but neither would we want to live in a world that had been taken over by a mistaken type of tolerance—a tolerance

that didn't distinguish between conviction and compromise, between principle and politeness. Nor would we want the

type of tolerance that looks lightly upon the factors and forces that weaken the foundations of freedom, nor the type of tolerance that looks lightly upon the. prevalence of f

vice and of arrant evil. It is one thing to be tolerant, but I

it is quite another thing to let someone tear down the house over our heads. If a farmer neglects his fences

f and lets his fields of growing grain be trampled into the i ground, would we say that he was tolerant, or would we find another name for what he was? If someone sworn i

to sustain and enforce the law were laxly to let the law s i be abused and broken, would we say that he wTas toler- i 5 ant—or would we give it another name? If a person complacently permitted lav/less intrusion upon his peace and

privacy, or the robbing of his rights or of his property and possessions, would we say that he was tolerant—or would

we give it another name? Again, we wouldn't want to

live in a world without an honest and open and earnest

I tolerance. And certainly we would never want to tolerate

intolerance. But neither would we want to tolerate the

false type of socalled tolerance that countenances complacency, that encourages the compromising of principles, or that induces indolence or irresponsibility or downright dangerous indifference. That type of false tolerance is HEADQUARTERS FOR 1

intolerable. IN LAS VEGAS, d NEVADAL. D. S. fk

YE KING'S REST MOTEL Copyright 1950 5th 526 STREET SOUTH lA/ord Jke Spoken TEMPLE SQUARE FROM Dr. B. Foutz, Harold KSL Owner 1 PRESENTED OVER AND THE BROADCOLUMBIA Foutz, H. Edgar Manager

4. 1950 CASTING SYSTEM, JUNE Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Food stores

for farm families?

SAFEWAY HAS BEEN BUSY improving of each food dollar spent in them than Fourteen cents out of each dollar of sales is a considerably smaller cost than average its food stores—rebuilding and recould our older Safeways.

modeling for even more convenient selffor the jobs we do.

service food shopping. Safeway now distributes It is also a smaller part of the food

The newer Safevvays are better lighted, for smaller part of food dollar dollar than Safeway required to perform more spacious, and equipped to the last its services 10 years ago. And one main than 10 years ago reason is that—year by year—we'veminute. Customers tell us they're a pleasure to walk into. And we know for a fact For all our retailing services on all farm learned to operate more efficiently.

that more people are walking into them... crops, Safeway requires less than 14 out

of the food dollar. This 14 is an average

With our rebuilding and remodeU—some farm products require less than

ing, each Safeway store today aver'14 per dollar of sales to handle, others The Safeway idea of selling more food ages over four and a half times more. per store and per employee isn't ours

the sales in dollars that a Safeway Such Safeway costs as wages, rents, alone. We are in free competition with

store averaged 10 years ago.

taxes, displaying foods attractively and many stores working toward the same end.

This expansion in sales per store (and per advertising them—plus Safeway's profit It seems to us that is good for everyemployee also) results in moneysavings.—are all covered by our 14 total rebody—for farmer, customer and store man

Enough money is saved to more than quirement per food sales dollar. alike.We invite you to test our ideas of how

offset the enormous increases that have How much is Safeway's profit? It a store should be run by doing your food

dollar of shopping at Safeway, where almost onetaken place in labor and rebuilding costs amounted in 1949 to \ lM per (increases farmersknowplenty about, too!). sales at our stores. fifth of all customers are farm families.

While the dollar volume of our sales is naturally larger now than 10 years ago, due in part to increased food prices, this SAFEWAY stores modernized out: Thesefact stands out STORES operate ours can fewer pennies forof

AUGUST 1950 649

HAWAIIAN MEMS

( Continued from page 648

1/2 cup fresh coconut milk 1 teaspoon vanilla 1 cup freshlyground coconut

Mix together until smooth, the cornstarch, sugar, salt, and Yi CUP milk.

Scald the remainder of the milk in top of double boiler. Pour a little of the

scalded milk into the cornstarch mixture. Blend. Then add the cornstarch mixture to remaining milk. Stir

until the mixture thickens. Cover,

and cook 25 minutes. Cool. Add

vanilla and mix well. Then add the

coconut and pour into loaf pan or into individual molds. This makes a solid

pudding that can be sliced or cut in squares and served with pineapple cubes. For a softer pudding, use half

the amount of cornstarch suggested.

LUMBERJACK SYRUP GIVES YOU Coconut Cake

THAT "OLD TIME MAPLE FLAVOR"—SO ECONOMICAL, TOO! The Cake:

cup butter ff LUMBERJACK SYRUP cupeggs sugar cups sifted flour j* teaspoons baking powder WITH EVERYTHING YOU EAT WITH SYRUP teaspoon salt cup milk teaspoon vanilla

Cream butter and sugar. Add unbeaten eggs one at a time, beating well

after each addition. Sift the dry ingredients together three times. Add

vanilla to the milk, then add milk and dry ingredients alternately in small amounts to first mixture, beating well.

Bake in two layer tins in moderate oven (375) for thirty minutes.

The Filling:

1 cup milk 34 cup sugar 3/ teaspoon cornstarch 2 egg yolks butter y2 teaspoon 3 drops vanilla Pinch of salt Special Morning Milk is the evaporated milk especially Scald milk in top of double boiler.

prepared for babies. It is Mix sugar, cornstarch, and salt, and

recommended by many stir this mixture into the milk. Stir a

doctors because it is so safe, bit of it into beaten egg yolks, then so easy to digest, and beadd the eggyolk mixture to the milk constantly, stirring mixture. Cook, cause Tr Evaporated Cool, until thickened. add butter and and A itDhasneededextraforvitaminssound

bones and teeth. Ask your and vanilla. Spread the custard bedoctor about Special Morntween cake layers and sprinkle with

ing Milk for that special coconut.

baby of yours. Special

The Frosting:

pineapple juice MORNING MILK Y cup {Concluded on page 652) 650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Makes a Good Jar of Jelly?

To get clear shimmering jellies that sparkle in the glass, you've got to combine... wholesome, ripe fruit with pure fine granulated

sugar... possibly some fruit pectin, and a

little of grandma's knowhow. You'll get

deliciously beautiful jellies that will win you prizes at the fair.

You'll find no better sugar for your jelly making than pure U and I. It's the whitest,

finest, purest, sweetest sugar available.

Remember, if it's canning your planning, always buy U and I.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

w

AUGUST 1950 651 HAWAIIAN MENUS {Concluded from page 650) Wash and partially cook the sweet possible. little asAIL in water as potatoes ALUMINUM water cup 34TRIPLE parts, TRACK STORM discolored off and WINDOWS bruised Trim sugar cup Yi in place slices and thick in cut then of tartar FINEST AND teaspoon cream x/\

the brown casserole. Cook buttered stiff whites, 2 egg beaten STORM butter rind, juice, and orange sugar, 1 freshlygrated coconut cup DOORS together 5 minutes, and pour this syrup

potatoes. Bake in modersweet

juice, water, over the pineapple Cook Keep Out tender. until ate oven together of tartar sugar, and cream Drafts Cold

until it spins a thread. Pour it slowSave on ly into beaten egg whites, beating conFuel stantly. Spread over top and sides Your Crowning Glory

Stop Sweaty of cake, and top generously with coco- (Continued [com page 644)

Windows nut. squeaks when pulled between the

finger tips. If using hard water and

EASY TERMS Coconut Ice Cream a soap shampoo, the final rinse may to neutralize slightly acid be made Call or Write 10 coconuts alkali the soap. from remaining any

4 cans condensed milk STOACO INTERMOUNTAIN, INC. 4 pints whipping cream A tablespoon of vinegar in a quart

4847 So. State, Murray. Utah Sugar to taste of warm water is suggested. Lemon

MURRAY 955 juice is a popular rinse also. It

SALT LAKE 9-4107 Puncture the eyes of the coconuts has a slight bleaching effect and is with a nail, pour out the coconut milk therefore preferred by blondes.

it. Split the coconut reserve and protected be Sensitive skins may of representatives your Please one have meat white shells and remove free give us a call and estimate. (( a rubbing in as during by a shampoo

it grate then possible, as pieces large or oil of cold cream small amount Name fine through or put grater fine on a temples, cheeks, forehead, the over Address coconut Heat chopper. food on blade

Town > State milk to boiling, pour it over the grated and ears before beginning the shamcoconut meat and let stand one hour. poo and leaving it on till the hair

Then squeeze the mixture through is nearly dry. This will prevent

cheesecloth to make coconut cream. irritation. Contrary to popular

Discard the dry grated meat. Add opinion, frequent shampoos are not

coconut cream to the other ingredients, harmful to the hair and scalp;

stir well, and freeze. This ice cream, rather, they help to keep it healthy. HEALTH GOOD as often be hair should washed say the contributors, is food for a The

. most precious king!.. one of the oily it clean: to keep as necessary

in things the world—

BE YOUR MAY BLESSING! "HawaiianStyle"Baked Bananas hairUsuallyof tenerit thanis toodrylittlehair.brushing

Nutrition authorities agree that 1 lemon, juice only and massaging which causes the many human ailments are due to 1 orange hair to lose its luster, for this daily lack of essential minerals. )4 lb. butter exercise for the hair and scalp is

GOOD HEALTH DEPENDS 1 cup brown sugar stimulating and healthful. Even a

UPON A BALANCED DIET ]/2 cup unsweetened pineapple juice week of regular brushing will add orange juice or hair It helps dry life to the hair. Supplement bananas your daily food 8

it oil glands, and the stimulating by with the hair oily helps by distributing in half, and place cut HEALTH VIKING bananas, GOLDEN Peel keeping it from thus and evenly (with Sprinkle dish. them oil baking MINERAL yeast) in FOOD buttered

follicles. the The hair clogging orange grated juice and lemon with vififteen tablet contains Each and upward brushed hair should be place the and orange Slice rind. S. tally essential minerals of U.

Pharmaceutical grade or better. slices between the bananas. Mix tooutward, away from the scalp. This

gether the butter, brown sugar, and is best accomplished with the head

ACT TODAY minboil 5 mixture the juice, fruit and bending either by down, hanging to improve syrup the syrup. Pour a to your health utes make standing while the waist over from

2 hours. stand and let bananas the over

350 up, or by lying with the head hangat onehalf hour bake Viking Laboratories Then lntermountain Division (moderate oven). ing over the edge of the bed. Mas3rd West South 45

City 1, Utah sage can well be done from the same Salt Lake firmly the fingers position, placing enclosed find will You which HawaiianBaked Sweet Potatoes forSUPPLY send please ONE $12.00YEAR'S me gentthe scalp them on and rotating Health Golden of Viking tablets) (800

Food. Mineral This ly the scalp moves. so that lb. butter %

Name oil glands, the activity up wakes brown sugar cup Y2 the relaxes scalp, juice Address the loosens orange and cup Y2

City & State 1 tablespoon grated orange rind nerves.

Sweet potatoes Concluded on page 654) 652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for allemm.

..armchair or active

Deseret Neivs sports coverage is complete, spirited, actionpricked!

News"sports writers and cameramen give Western fans the facts—fast and

first—daily and in the Deseret News

big special Sunday Sports Section.

AUGUST 1950 653

YOUR CROWNING GLORY

( Concluded from page 652 parts of rubbing alcohol, thin minFor Dry Hair. Hot oil treatments eral oil, and cooled boiled water.

are good for dry hair, especially if Preparations sold as scalp foods or the warm oil is applied a few hours hair restorers are of little value, for before the shampoo and massaged each hair bulb is nourished by its into the scalp. Then, just before own individual blood vessel, and

washing, it may be steamed in with the only way to feed the hair is a towel wrung out of hot water. A through the food which is eaten and

little brilliantine or pomade may be becomes a part of the bloodstream.

used as a hair dressing, but the best One who has dandruff should cut treatment is regular brushing, masdown on acidforming foods such sage, and diet. as meat, bread, pastry, and candy,

For Oily Hair. Biweekly shamand correct any elimination faults.

poos are often necessary for Drying the hair in the sunlight is lockernp oily hair, and an astringent hair a healthful procedure, but hair tonic will help to keep the hair dryers should be avoided as they

Perfect protection for your frofluffy and bright. In cases of exare drying to the scalp. The scalp

zen meats, fish, fowl and game! cess oiliness, a pinch of borax may should never be scraped with a LOCKERAP WESTERN locks be added to the regular shampoo to brush or sharptoothed comb. One in flavorful juices and natural

color of your choice freezerhelp dissolve grease, or a special home treatment for bad cases of stored cuts...guards against shampoo for oily hair may be used. dandruff consists of a salt pack

tasterobbing subfreezing temThe diet should be steered away made by dissolving a pound of peratures...retains putaway flafrom sweets and starchy foods and salt in a quart of water and pouring vor and freshness.

should include six to eight glasses it over the head after a shampoo.

LOCKERAP WESTERN is of water daily. The pack should be left on for five operators used by smart locker

and housewives throughout the For Dandruff. A mild case of danminutes, then rinsed off. Since danWest. Wrap your frozen meats, druff is not serious and may be druff is a disorder of the sebaceous

fish, fowl and game right, with helped by extra washings, careful glands which supply natural oils to the right wrap WESTERN rinsing, regular brushing, and good the scalp, it is better to see a physiit at your Ask... for LOCKERAP. grocer's or locker plant. food. A stimulating, antiseptic scalp cian for treatment of serious cases

lotion applied after a shampoo and than to take chances with many followed by a fingertip massage is commercial preparations which may also helpful. A good lotion may be aggravate rather than help the conmade at home by combining equal dition.

MADE IN HEAVEN

( Concluded from page 626 his throat with a fond "humph."

familiar gesture and chuckled in the "Well, I'll have to be going if way old people do. I'm to make it through the canyon

"Well, it's funny, but I did have by morning."Uncle George rose,

FREE colorful guide to help a dream about your grandma. Yes, and there was a general flurry of

protect and prepare, you pre- I'd been in Zion for almost two departure.

foods. your quickfrozen serve

Write how to Western'Waxed years, and I was engaged to a pretty Grandma and Grandpa shut the

Paper Co., North'Portland, nice girl back in England. But I door and went into the living room.

Your copy Oregon. will be was getting to the point where I It was dark now, but they did not at once. mailed

wasn't so sure I wanted to send for turn on a light. They sat before

her, so I prayed about it. A few the fire, he in his Morris chair, she

contains Roll 150 feet of nights later I had this dream. And in her rocker, holding hands, feelWESTERN

LOCKERAP.

Choice of 18t you know, all there was to it was ing the fulness of their lives toSO or 24 inch this face of a girl I had never seen gether. They did not speak or Widths.

before in my life. It certainly move, for there was no need for it.

wasn't my fiancee."He paused for They had come through fifty years

a little wave of amusement to subof life with each other. It was

side. "But when I went to the stagood.

tion to meet the new group of Saints "Well, Jennie,"Grandpa said, as a couple of weeks later, there was he often did when they sat together.

the girl of my dream! It was your "Well, John,"she answered. The

grandma, stepping off the train, and ends of the logs in the fireplace smiling right at rae!"nudged a little closer to each other;

Grandma reached out and the fire blazed again cheerily and patted Grandpa's hand. He cleared went on burning.

654 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Standard develops peacetime use for atomic energy

Salt Lake Pipe Line Company (a How could these products be kept Each time a change to a new prodStandard Oil Company ofCalifornia separated... products ranging from uct is made, very minute amounts

subsidiary) is completing a 566mile diesel fuel to highoctane gasoline of radioactive tracer material are pipe line between Salt Lake City...as they follow each other through put into the line... tracer material

and Pasco, Washington. The line this common carrier line? This prepared especially for this use in

will serve many points with a variproblem has been solved efficiently the Government atomic pile at Oak ety of petroleum products. by using atomic energy. Ridge, Tennessee.

Using a Geiger Counter, operators at the destination tracer is so diluted in each batch of products that only can tell exactly when the radioactive tracer arrives in the recording made by a Geiger Counter can tell you the pipe...and they can switch the new stream of it's there. Its radioactivity will be far less than that of

gasoline or oil into the proper tank. The radioactive a luminous watch dial.

This is one of the first commercial uses of atomic energy in American industry. But it won't be the last.

Our scientists... and those of other

companies... are fast learning how 0f to make this great development, woWl4

work for peaceful purposes. You'll

see the results of this knowledge soon,. not only in improved methods of transportation but in new

and useful products.

AUGUST 1950 655 tJtxsvCvS >C''-'--OCri<0-

Jhe f

BY RICHARD L. EVANS

"JViTuCH is said at this season concerning those who have successfully completed their academic objectives.

But graduation has correctly come to be called commencement, for it is the very essence of life that the completion of one objective should mean the commencement of another. And both those who have graduated and those

who have not still have unfulfilled purposes to pursue.

And so we should like to say a word to those who are still struggling with the problems of preparation: It isn't

unexpected that you should become discouraged at times.

Don't Everyone becomes weary with long effort. Almost everyof cutting, irked forts outrun his?"*, one needs becomes wants and when his C\s

curing stackand for earnings or a profession allowances..)A/. Preparing and lost ing, be exby

hay posing to preparing for anything worth while is a long pull, and alheavy winds, sun and damaging rain! most any of us at times might be tempted to quit before

finish. just that there as well But you had know now Keep a roll of Sisalkraft for we handy isn't destination. desirable highly to any silos, any easy way covers for wagons, corn

cribs, machinery, screen doors, to Anyone who reaches eminence, or even competence, in line hog and poultry houses, and any endeavor has to make some considerable sacrifice. to provide protection from wind,

rain, and moisture. And it is a great day in the life of any boy or girl, or

it in spite of any passing discouragement or SISALKRAFT andany staysman orwithwoman, when he decides on some good goal

Clip the convenient coupon inconvenience. When you arrive at where it is you want

below for FREE information. to go, it will seem as natural to you as having arrived

at where you now are. And you'll be grateful that you

to didn't wouldn't quit before got there. want you You MORRISONMERRILL & CO. just as being the missed he might what be who just man

BUILDING MATERIAL well have been. You'll want to set before your children,

DISTRIBUTORS and before your family, an example of seeing things

MORRISONMERRILL

Dept. F-2 & CO., n through.the future. FamilyAnd youtraditionswouldn'tarewantstrongto befactorsthe onein shapingto start

3rd 205 North West Salt Lake City 3, Utah a family tradition for quitting too soon. And so before

Please send me further information you quit, ask yourself if it will ever be any easier; ask

samples and of SISALKRAFT—Comyourself if you'll ever be any younger. Before you quit, pletely FREE OF CHARGE.

ask yourself if you're honestly going to be satisfied to

Name spend all your life doing what you are now prepared to

Address do. And if the answer is "No,"hang on. Don't quit

City State now. In the minds of others (and in our own minds also)

is much difference between the man who made it and L there who almost made it. Don't be the man who the man

it. almost made

STOP SMOKING -Easily! Copyright, King Features

NicoStop, new medical discovery, can help you iJhe Spoken Word FROM temple SQUARE stop the habit. tobacco tasting. Pleasant A PRESENTED COLUMBIA BROADOVER KSL AND THE few drops on the relieves tongue craving AT

11, 1950 SYSTEM, CASTING JUNE starts and clearing ONCE the system of accumulated tobacco poisons. Thousands have

it successfully. used substitutes. Accept no

Priced at the cost of only weeks'<*\C<*<*-<<-0-<y!?-*'G<<-&-'0 /7-*j5r><-&*-&*<'6r-<-&r>-&> a few

smoking. Moneyback guarantee. If not

available at your druggist's, write to

NICOSTOP NICOSTOP, BOX 193, SAINT HELENA, CALIF.

Please send further information about NicoStop.

Name

Address

City State.

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ( n

Rising above the surrounding landscape in many towns and cities are the characteristic spires of new L. D. S. ward and stake

houses... beautifully and practically designed for both reverence

and recreation.

There's a new accent on beauty, too, in the steeples, graceful pillars, inviting entrances, window trim, and facings made of

Buehnercrete cast stone... which combines delicacy of detail with

great strength; richness with classic simplicity; it contrasts pleasingly, yet blends harmoniously with other materials. The hard

surface resists weather and grime; retains its original richness and

beauty indefinitely. On more than fourscore new L. D. S. ward and

stake houses you'll find..,

BUEHNERCRETE Cast Stone Product of Otto Buehner Co., 640 Wilmington Ave., Salt Lake City

You also find Buehnercrete cast stone in the new B. Y. U. Science Building,

the L. 0. S. institute of Religion at the U. of U., the Primary Children's

Hospital and the Daughters of Utah Pioneers Memorial Building.

AV eicntzet

make of it a closely knit brotherPRESIDENTS OF PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS hood by a growing faith in God and the glory or each other's love.

By President Levi Edgar Young rect and definite teachings given in

Of the First Council of the Seventy Holy Writ. For example: "...

therefore glorify God in your body,

Brethren,... this one thing I do, forand in your spirit, which are God's."EVERY MONTH,

getting those things are behind, which and (I Cor. 6:20.) See that you have

forthreaching those unto things whichare before, good organization in your quorum: A QUORUM MEETING

I press toward the mark for the prize a good secretary, a good teacher, of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. a growing feeling that you must be Do not pray for easy lives. Pray to be

(Paul to the Philippians 3:1344.) in attendance at your meetings stronger men. Do not pray for tasks

every Sunday. Your principal equal to your powers. Pray for powers

miracle. your But shall be no work youYourumspresidentshave ofa priesthoodnoble spiritualquomeetingwith all thecomesmembersmonthly.of theYouquorummeet equal to your tasks. Then the doing of shall be shall a miracle. Every day you

design in building up a true and discuss your problems and enwonder at yourself, at the richness of life moral character within your groups. gage in a discussion of the lesson. which has come in you by the grace of

An old proverb tells us that "a man Remember that you have plenty of God.

is molded into the likeness of the time; you are not to be disturbed Phillips Brooks

lives that come nearest to him."in your deliberations; at the close The regular monthly meetings ofGoodness creates an atmosphere of the hour of your sessions you

for other souls to be good. These should part with a fine feeling of the Melchizedek Priesthood quoare the things that lie at the foundabrotherhood. You will do right rums have become a tradition in all

the stakes of Zion. In the early

tion of brotherhood, striving after because it is right.

days of the Church, presidents of

In the early highthe purposes. days of can the Church, same You quorums called their members from the feel Prophet Smith safe withnever very organJoseph a man

whose humor tends to bitter speakized a School of the Prophets. As afar to be present in meetings which were considered allimportant, foring, or a man who is given to hasty members, there were men who had

speech. There are more breaches little schooling, but they filled their the presidents realized the necessity

of coming together that they mightof peace among friends through the minds with knowledge and became renew their confidence in one ansins of speech than from any other conversant with the truths of recause. In the book of Ecclesiastes ligion and the general trend of other and enter upon a new and

of events writthe day. From theirwe find these words: larger existence with understanding and mutual good will. They lisings public find addresses and as we

Two are better than one; because they them in the earliest publications of tened to one another's experiences

their labor. vital for the a views good rewardhave exchanged and on the effective Church, they had

if will fall, the they one lift up For of the learned problems day. They for the scripof truths memories fellow. 4:9-10.) (Ecclesiasteshis live to genuine work by and how by revelations ture the of the and Lord.

You brethren feel that to teach In your quorum group you can form useful social labor. They have left

and to be taught is one of the happy a concept of what good government us a fine lesson. They worked in

things of life. To have purpose is should be, a government based on a right spirit and to a right end.

purpose, dominant comThey had a will vision. intelligence, will, cooperative plan forto have You good

of prehensive all human needs. They brethren, dimeetings your noble loves. andyour only and You can had purpose, and to have purposeevery Sunday with your quorums rect your brethren as you direct

will be for the discussion of quesyourselves. Gather your brethren is to have vision.

tions pertaining to religion and about you to teach and be taught. On March 8, 1855 Truman O.

other subjects that will build you When you feel that you have Angell, the architect of the Salt up in the faith. You will speak of need of some brethren to join your Lake Temple, issued a call through

things you have read about, and ranks from the other quorums, go the columns of The Deseret News you will soon discover that you are to your stake president and lay the and by letter for all members of the growing in knowledge of the events matter before him. He will cooper14th Quorum of Seventies to meet

of the day. Sometimes you feel ate with you and soon your quorum at his home. It reads:

class instructionthat your addition has beof can have an new memLOOK HERE stereotyped, berscome run into grooves, welcome you and may whom and is uninteresting. This is why help in every way possible. Three The members of the 14th Quorum of

brethren often refuse to go to meetthings we would particularly imSeventies are requested to meet at the ing. All this is rectified by having press upon your minds are: have house of T. O. Angell, on the evening

a good class teacher to direct the your council or presidency meetings andof theas 6ththereof areApril,mattersat 6 o'clockof importanceprecisely;to

lessons taken up by the quorum. as often as possible; devise means be settled, a punctual attendance is exThink and reflect on the many dito keep up the quorum interest; and pected. The members scattered abroad

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

are requested to report themselves, at least, The presidencies kept in touch with ing his varied experiences and narin writing, also to sendonce a year, and subjects were assigned at the close row escapes from death.

in their prenot if they genealogy have viously done so. We wish to know the of meetings which were to be taken It must always be remembered

standing of every member of the quorum, up at subsequent meetings. It is that a meeting is only helpful as

to interesting those the old records report not read themselvesand do who its are given incentive an members to places expect be dropped and theirmay to see minute books and what was live lives to better to look to the and others.supplied by faith that the in done. It seems future every day. deepest "Man's Direct to (post paid) RUSHEDWIN in action, creative issued

is of S. L. gospel 14th Clerk not G. clothfood for need Quorum, todayTON, and

City. we read that brethren were to preing and shelter, important as they

the subjects pare from four standard It are. primary step is God."The Herein is an example of fine coworks, Church and encouragement life, is a holy transformed andoperation. The brethren had a was given to attend lectures in the radiant in the glory of God. Itnoble purpose in view, and at times

meetinghouses on stated occasions. would be a fine thing if at the closewere compelled to travel long distances to be at their meetings. It is interesting to note that in 1870, of every Sunday meeting, the memThere was a unifying purpose and John W. Powell, the famous exbers would leave with the thirteen

all participated in the discussions plorer of the Colorado River, lecArticles of Faith or parts of the and each member felt himself tured to the priesthood of the 13th Sermon on the Mount directing their equipped to speak in his own way Ward of Salt Lake City, and purposes during the entire week befor a purpose which all should share. thrilled the congregation by relatfore them. L. E. Y.

CAN NOTHING WAKEN US? AIN'T WOMEN FUNNY?

HpHE consumption of all alcoholic N0What I can't understand is how beverages has increased 154%, some women will go to a beauty parfrom 8.37 gallons per capita in 1934 lor to have themselves made as atto 21.25 gallons in 1949 (fiscal years), tractive as possible, wear fine clothes LIQ10Rwhile the expenditure for these intoxiin the latest styles to create the best

cants has increased 323%, from impression, and then spoil it by making $2,080,000,000 in 1934 to $8,800,000,- themselves offensive smoking cigarets000 in the calendar year 1948 (latest TOBACCO and drinking cocktails.available )—The Australian

As measured in terms of absolute Temperance Advocatealcohol, the amount of such alcohol COLUMN consumed in the various intoxicating WHY DRINK?

beverages has increased from 0.58 galThis is really a challenging question,

lons per capita in the first year of rebut not so regarded by many people peal to 1.64 gallons in 1949. Beer CONDUCTED BY who indulge in liquor consumption;

increased hasconsumption from little to give or thought for they no 7.90 DR. JOSEPH F.

in period,gallons to 18.58 the same It is just drink. of matter a they whybut this increase in beer drinking has MERRILL environment—"When in Rome, do as

in the preventednot an increase condoes."Rome

spirits.33 to of distilledsumption from

if finest, finest, the not of the One 1.21 in gallons capita the per same

is all art living arts the of of human years. drunkenness alone have increased agreeably with our fellow men. ErThe latest official data released by from 1,490.1 per 100,000 in 1933 to roneously, some people act as if they

the Bureau of Census and the Depart- 2,492.3 per 100,000 in 1949—1.7 times. believed such living requires them to

ment of Commerce show: These official records sharply conparticipate in doing what the others

A 266% increase in dependent tradict liquor advertising statements. are doing. But this is certainly not

families from 1932 to 1947 We fight infantile paralysis and true if participation requires a depar-

A 32% increase in the F.B.I, record heart disease; and so we ought. We ture from one's moral or religious

of violent crime rate suppress immediately the sale of germstandards. In fact, to depart from

A 52% increase in women sentenced infested milk or impure water. The these to win favor usually has the opfederal prisonsto single appearance of a case of smallposite rather lose than win effect—to

for A 73% inoculation. is a signal increase in hospital admispox mass respect, of especially the respect

sions of alcoholics psychosis without health examinations insist upon V/e reflection people. worthwhile A little

of increase in the number A 272% for handlers of food. But the handlers of will convince person any thoughtful

dependent children in the U.S.A., from of intoxicating drinks are in a different the truth of this statement. This is a

270,000 in 1933 to 1,006,000 in 1947. category: they are favored destroyers. fact that well might be burned into the

F.B.I, reports show that the crime "Let them continue"is the general pubminds and hearts of young people,

rate in the United States for all relic attitude. Many of our people are especially those who accept the Word

ported offenses listed by the Uniform complacently indifferent, while destrucof Wisdom as a divine revelation.

Crime Reports has increased nearly tion is eating at the very heart of what Many factual illustrations might be fivefold in the years since repeal. That is best in American life. When will given of the foolishness of failure to

is, the rate for all these reported ofthe members of their quorums, and live in harmony with one's moral and fenses has increased from 6,639 per we awake to the truth of our condireligious standards, with the teachings 100,000 in 1933, to 30,110.04 per tion? of the Word of Wisdom, for example,100,000 in 1948. The arrests for—The American Issue (Continued on page 663)

AUGUST 1950 659 rri JT=r=*rr= <t-—--"-.-rT

ife=3 iNHbi,lll i iKiSLkAAA

Aaronic Priesthood

Explaining The New Ward Aaronic Priesthood Committee Meeting

Emphasizing The Personal Visit 'T'he full time of the monthly meetassistant Explorer Post adviser, Scouting, master, assistant to Scoutmaster. the which used be and ward

isXTe one of the consistently most is leadership youth meeting, to be now Aaronic Priesthood comward The faithful Aaronic Priesthood adas the occupied PriestAaronic ward is mittee to meeting held each bevisers know. folTherefore, the we meeting. committee hood change This direction personal the of under monthlowing statement, in the Premade is result the the of recent transfer of his the counselors. bishop andsiding Bishop's Office, should carry the girls Latterday Saint to program

considerable weight with his fellow adthe Y.W.M.I.A., which took all Until a new Aaronic Priesthood

visers throughout the Church: leaders of girls out of the ward youth Handbook is issued, bishops will modileadership meeting. fy the order of business for parts one

Nothing pays off like visiting a boy in In keeping with the change, the and two of the ward youth leadership his home. simply cannot You do your edition the current Aaronic Priesthood meeting found in ward committee

as it reallyjob should unless be done you to meeting to will henceforth it apply devoted be of the handbook make the in boy as inknow well as his home the quorum meeting. entirely to a consideration of Church fulltime consideration of the activiYou often do so much more good than programs for young men twelve to ties and records of Aaronic Priesthood

you thought was possible when you put twentyone and of the status of each members and those of Aaronic Priestyourself out to call on the lad. It is a boy in the respective programs. hood ages not yet ordained.

real thrill to meet an anxious father, or a Leaders expected to attend the ward hopeful mother, or both, who consider it Aaronic Priesthood committee meeting We cherish the hope that stake and almost an answer to their hearts'desires each month, in addition to the bishopward leaders will now give new emand their prayers that you called on their ric, are as follows: Aaronic Priesthood phasis to this meeting each month and

it their that calling energies to until keep devote making you onson—and secretary general advisers and quorum

their get to follow leaderyou boy your is in really while. meeting worth The priests, teachers, to and deacons; Suntoship in active the become and Church. stay, the the to sooner and program teachers of School day Gospel The is call thrill personal the greatest The

this realize bishoprics conand ward Senior, Senior, Message, Advanced allof experiences as an Aaronic my

Priesthood quorum adviser. Advanced Junior, and Junior classes; duct the meeting each month, that

Y.M.M.I.A. M-Men leader, Junior M- much sooner shall we all see why it

Who is he? Well, we published a Men leader; Explorer Post adviser, is in the program—to stay.

photograph of his deacons'quorum > and gave an account of his record on this page in The Improvement Era Stakes With Incomplete Reports for July. He is Harry M. DeRyke.

If you are interested in what can be Not To Be Listed Among Church Leaders done for boys, go back and read his Tt has been decided that to deserve a secretaries in these three programs record; look it over, but don't overposition among the twentyfive are urged to complete their stake relook it. leaders in Aaronic Priesthood work, ports and place them in the mail on or

We bring Brother DeRyke into this or the program for adult members of before the fifteenth of the month. If

page again because of his striking the Aaronic Priesthood, or ward these instructions are faithfully folviews on the place and the effect of teaching, a stake ( 1 ) must have a lowed, no stake will be left out bethe personal visit between the adviser report from every ward and branch cause of a late report.

and the boy in the Aaronic Priesthood for the month, and (2) the stake reWe emphasize the "on or before"program. His attitude is commendport must reach the Presiding Bishop's in the above recommendation. Stakes

able. We hope its contagion reaches Office on or before the twentieth of should calculate the number of days

into every corner of the Church where the succeeding month. required between mailing and delivery

there is room for improvement in this dates and be governed accordingly in feature of our work. In their respective handbooks, stake the mailing of their stake reports.

UINTAH STAKE (UTAH) YOUTH CHORUS of fortyeight voices presented an evening of music, "Memories in Melody,"which netted one hundred dollars for the building fund of the new, and recently dedicated, Glines Ward chapel.

The chorus has sung at quarterly conference, stake Gold and Green Ball, missionary testimonials, sacrament meetings, Christmas programs, and other special meetings, according to Theda Murray, director. Darla Dean

Fletcher and Vonda Lee Curtis are assistant directors;

Enid Cook is accompanist.

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA If"J-repared bunl <JLee/4—Xr. f-alt.merdx&wnw

My NewFound Blessings Ward Teaching

(Excerpts from an address by KenDangers Oi Illusions neth R. Bailey, Jr., representing the

Priestthe adult Aaronic members of experienced an has everyone A lmost in recent quarterly a conference hood is It illusion. optical an arrangeattended Stake San by Juan of the

figures, or objects which of lines, ment Presiding Richards.) Bishop LeGrand

point the the to deceive eye where

A fter thinking about this subject for perceptionfacts. Opticalpresentsillusionsa maydistortionbe fasciof

clusion—thea few days,blessingsI cameI nowto thisreceiveconnating,sions, whetherbut theyopticalare deceptive.or otherwise,Illuare

from doing the Lord's work are not not to be relied upon.

entirely new. But thinking about them

and analyzing them has made me more It is not unusual for illusions to aware that they do exist, and I feel creep into Church activities without that I appreciate them more. ThereKENNETH R. BAILEY, JR. being recognized. Ward leaders somefore, I might say that the blessings I times labor in a state of misconception

have always thoughtlessly enjoyed are strengthened, that religion in my life because of these delusions, losing sight newfound. will act as a balance wheel; that I of the real objectives; for example:

I think the greatest of these blessings may be able to fulfil my mission on The ward teachers may consistently is the peace of mind I feel when I earth with honor to myself, my famvisit an average of seventyfive percent know I am taking advantage of the ily, and my Church. of the families in the ward each month.

duties and opportunities which are The percentage figure stands out on mine as a member of this Church. the report because it is fifteen percent

I appreciate the blessings of the Award Records for 1949 above the stake average; it appears

Holy Ghost in guiding and directing During the first six months of even better when compared with the my thoughts and actions. It has been 1950, the Presiding Bishopric apChurch average.

my experience that when I heed these proved 799 Standard Quorum Here is one of the dangers of an promptings, the Spirit grows stronger Awards and 12,811 Individual illusion. Because our ward excels in

in aiding me to overcome my failings. Certificates of Award for the stake and surpasses the Church

As a ward teacher, I have observed Aaronic Priesthood members for average, some of us become selfsatis- the family unity and harmony which the year 1949. fied. The incentive to improve is lost,

prevail in many of the homes I have and only sufficient effort is put forth visited, and it creates a desire within to maintain our position.

me to have these things prevail in my own home. Challenging Record Let us analyze more of the dangers

I have received many blessings from Billy is a teacher involved. Assuming the ward has a

consistof thousand, the Price Third one membership tithing. It helped has paying my me inWard, Carbon this ing families, that of 250 means Stake, (Utah) and selfinstead of selfmastery develop to

is rolling chalup a families, are or sixtytwo 250 members, selfishness. honest Paying an love and record. lenging

our neglected each month. Viewing For than more tithe is helping me

years has he to overcome many two angle is accomplishments a from this barriers happiness. to eternal atperfect a had

I have been especially blessed by tendancepriesthood recordmeeting,at serious blow to our pride in them.

meeting, all said, the I ensacrament keeping "See that the Lord of Wisdom. Word When

School. Sunday and joy a clear duty,"mind and a more healthy he exmembers do their three M.I.A. the Only

body by doing so. meetingsfrom a perfectkept rechim cluded no one. Until we reach that

I am also thankful for the exercise ord in this activity high ideal in ward teaching, the Lord's of my own free agency. This fundaalso.At the age of standard, no ward leader or ward

mental law will enable me to progress fifteen, Billy is a teacher should be satisfied with anyas far and as fast as I choose. Lifebut oneScoutmoreandmerithas thing less than one hundred percent,

I sincerely believe that by constant BILLY E. NELSON badgefore becomingto earn bean giving as much attention to quality as

study and labor my testimony will be Eagle Scout. to quantity.

EAST RIGBY (IDAHO) STAKE YOUTH CHORUS AT THE CLOSE OF A SESSION OF QUARTERLY CONFERENCE

Each of the eleven wards in the stake is represented in the chorus.

New editions in production for release in Fall 1950:A Doctrine and Covenants library Commentary

* * * *Basic Book of Mormon o** Doctrine and Covenants \J>* Large Size in Library ando* Pearl of Great Price

Leather Editions

includes:

Articles of Faith Teaching of the Prophet Joseph Smith $2.75

Library edition $2.00 Jesus the Christ

Missionary edition $1.25 Library....$2.75

Leather edition $6.00 Leather $7.00

Book of Mormon Pearl of Great Price $.75

Missionary $1.00 Sharing the Gospel With Others..$2.50

Library $2.00 On the Way to Immortality and

Doctrine and Covenants $1.50 Eternal Life $3.50

Triple Combination Documentary History of the Church $1.75

leather, india paper edition $7.50 (Volumes 4, 5, 6 available)

Combination Reference.. $.75 Presidents of the Church $3.25

Essentials in Church History $2.75 Protestors of Christendom $2.25

Gospel Doctrine $2.75 Vitality of Mormonism $2.50

Gospel Standards..$2.25 Way to Perfection $1.75

Discourses of Brigham Young $2.75 Key to Theology $1.25

NEW RELEASE:

UNDER THE MIDNIGHT SUN $2.00

by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

A Century of the Restored Gospel in Norway,

Sweden and Denmark DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street

Salt Lake City, Utah Buy Church Books from your local book dealer.

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

No - Liquor - Tobacco {Continued from page 659) Do you have your copy of the by those who accept these teachings new travel booklet as divine. Failure to live these teachings in order to win popularity is

ness—unbeliefusually ascribedinto thehypocrisyteachings,or weakor a

lack of moral courage to live them. To

be considered a hypocrite or a weakling is always hurtful to the individual HIGHWAY //concerned. Here is one illustration to

the point: Many years ago, Simon Bamberger,remembered as governor of Utah 1917ADVENTURES?

1921, told the writer that he served as personnel manager of the Bamberger Companies. "We like to hire

"returned L.D.S. missionaries,"he said,

"because they have had a splendid training in the art of getting along with people. We don't want to offend

our patrons."But before being hired,

the missionary was tested. The company gave a dinner annually to its

permanent employees. At these banquets, coffee, liquor cocktails, and

"smokes"were served. On an occasion of this kind when friendliness,

jollity, and real enjoyment were in offers edition HIS neworder, sometimes the missionary would of suggestions page page after notstaining—hedampen wouldthe funat leastby totallytake a fewabonvolumeplacesyetto publishedgo. It's theonmostthe attractionscomplete of the

sips from the wineglass, make a few intermountain area. A copy is yours for the asking.draws on the cigaret—enough to show Just drive in to your nearest Utoco dealer and ask for one.

he was a good fellow, that he did not interest will be the Fishing to fishermen Calendar, new his for associates their inOfcondemn Lubricate at dealer. available your Utoco This calendar nowdulgence. for safety did Thus Bamberger Mr.

.. the for best fishing size days shows. and you it's a handy

every thetempt prospective employee. But pocket. for your miles 1000if latter the ever admitted he would

indulge a little on such an occasion for Before you leave on any trip, get conscientious service and the sake of friendship and fellowship, superior products wherever you see the Utoco sign.

he never became a Bamberger employee. "Why?"I asked. The reply for

that these companieswas did not want utoco Peaka hypocrite or in their c /%&* a weakling employ. Mr. Bamberger used the

Word of Wisdom as a means of determining whether the prospective employee had the moral courage to UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY live as he had been taught. 4 1 st Year of Progress

Many other similar examples could be given. Worthwhile people do admire the courage shown when loyalty

to high moral principles and standards is maintained.

Again drink? we ask, There why Ever think what would happen if nis a potential in drinking danger that

is it is rarely suspected, yet very real. fire were to lay waste your home investigatorsCareful that have found

about one person out of every sixSee the friendly Agent of the teen who takes his first glass becomes an alcoholic—a person who cannot UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

control his drinking. This is six perin your locality. He will be glad to help you check your mortality. "alYetcent—a frightful policies.

painfulcoholism disease is the most known to man,"so declared Mrs. Or see

Marty Mann, a recovered alcoholic, and Executive Director, National HEBER J. GRANT & CO

General AgentCommittee for Education on Alcoholism. Salt Lake City

AUGUST 1950 663 A VISIT 10 ROYALTY

{Continued from page 628) the King's Sister, were in the 'Blue that she and Matthew did not Room!'Libbie wrote that only

dread the visit. They knew the "very hightoned people were nowrace to be more sociable than aristoadays permitted in this reception

cratic. She said that though the room, the finest in the palace, and

king and queen were blessed with then only on special occasions."

means, and with a title that made The visitors went up a long flight them powerful in command, what of stairs, the outside of which they knew about royalty, they had looked "seaward."The queen and

copied from other royal heads. The Lady Dominas rose to receive them

life of the Hawaiian kings and when they were presented by the queens was anciently "quite differtreasurer—after which they were

ent from what it is today,"she asked to be seated.

wrote. At this moment the king entered,

At nine in the morning the Noalls and all rose to greet him. Dressed

left their cottage and were soon entirely in white, he stepped forescorted through a massive iron ward to shake hands with Matthew door at the palace grounds. A naand Libbie. Once more all were

tive soldier allowed them to pass. seated. Libbie wrote that the

pair of gold suit the room, a heavy sights that interthe of wrotePROTECTION AsSheshe entered, Libbie was amazed. queen was wearing blue satin, "to

pin ( a large round for in bracelets, too her to take est were many wi t m at one time without being considered now the style), a lei of yellow...

"illbehaved."feathers, the national kind. Her thAP high, customary as is hair done was there a prisoner could "Here and

.. ALUMINUM glasses grace-. her were now, COMBINATION DOORS seen at be the beautikeeping work,

Alumatic aluminum doors are a ful gardens and walks in repare fully catched [sic] to her bosom, permanent improvement! Screen she sat on a beautiful sopha [sic]

or storm panels quickly slip into [sic],"she recorded. "We were of figured blue velvet. Lady

to the conducted part underground strong that aluminum a frame.. in white,. and Dominas was

. building. of the met There we never repairs! needs to the similar a lei wearing pAT peno. [sic] the Tresurer announced. who.

Queen's."that the Queen and Mrs. Dominas,

Libbie described the gorgeous blue room, which has been carefully

ALUMINUM preserved to the present day. She

COMBINATION STORM AND noted a tinge of blue on everything,

SCREEN WINDOWS as each large window, opening like fuel save by insulat- a door onto a large piazza, was ing the entire winHOMELAND dow opening! hung with navy blue velvet curtains.

with furniture was upholstered By Josephine Harvey The * Guaranteed by FHA terms Goad Housekeeping which was the same material, irpHE lamp that is lifted "beside the golden marked with a deeply sculptured * door"the of room figure. In the center Information For Complete

more than a symbol of home to me. peculiar of stool stood a "cushioned WRITE Is CALL or

shape. Its purpose, I do not know,"

I have watched ocean waves splash on the

INSULATIONS INC. Gullsshore,rising and dipping over the sea. wrotethe deeppiledLibby. Shecarpet,then ofdescribedlighter

1349 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah I have stood in the desert where the warm blue than the other furnishings and

Phone 8-0511 winds blow, flowered in pink. She said it

Entranced by its mystical beauty. stopped short of the walls and reThere are times when I feel a deep longing vealed the highly polished floor.

to go She also noted the exquisite calaPIKES PEAR Where my life is not bound by a duty. bashes, whose strands were of koa

wood. "The variety and shape of

FLOUR But my roots go deep like those of a tree, this woodwork as well as the magWith FOUR ForI claimI amthea windsweptchild of the hills,mountainyet I land.am ever nificentto describe.polishI wouldnoticed bethreeimpossiblebeautiExtra Baking free

of gold bands fully ornamented Advantages To love the ocean spray or the desert sand. conshe the Calabash,"around

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS Like others, I have looked through tears tinued.

5th South to see 425 West his gift, the king opened When City, Salt Lake torch Utah The very beautiful "some found that flings a light across the he land.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

mmmmmmwmmformations taken from the bottom of Salt Lake, also the photo of

Libbie and wife,"LambertBrother king THERE& NO HALFWAY The in her journal.continued

thanked Matthew for this gift.When he inquired about the L.D.S. QUALITY IN TUNAtemple in Salt Lake City, Matthew wmzmmm

took advantage of this opening to family of some the royalinform beliefs. Saint He Latterdaythe of m?$&%;.*\

gave the king a copy of the Articles )\ of Faith.

With the termination of this visit, neither Matthew nor Libbie expected to see their majesties again...>*

Their release from the mission soon came. In Salt Lake City a son was

born to them—the first child born

in the "bride's house."He was JLots of husbands can give their wives this valuable "tip"!

hardly more than a baby when MatTheir mothers had the same experience, learned, the hard to the Libbie returnedthew and way, that tuna is either delicate, tender and delicious,.. time This as missionaries.islands

Matthew was to serve as president, or it isn't! Next time, she'll

the youngest man in the Church to insist xxVon*B/TESIZE"TUNA hold such office. and the dish that was such

Among his most important ac- a dismal failure will be a complishments was the reorganizaglorious success! tion of the sugar plantation at Laie,

which instead of a liability, now beLOOK FOR THE CAN WITH THE came an asset. In the United AVAILABLEGREEN LABEL...IN SOLIDALSOPACK

States, because of the tariff, the Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif.

price of sugar had been cut almost in half. Matthew was advised he

might have to sell the plantation.

Seeing that the mill was operating at a loss and that the plantation UTAHNS ACCLAIM FISHER'S was profitable, he sold only the mill to a neighboring company.

This saved the natives, as many of them earned their livelihood in AS FAVORITE RREAD, 2-T0-1 the cane fields. Matthew now indulged in a master stroke. There No ordinary white bread

were two groups or gangs of emcan compare with ployees, one of men ( each man this better tasting Potato Bread earning fifty cents a day), and one made by a new secret recipe.

of women ( each woman earning It's culturized!

forty cents a day). He announced

that thereafter efficiency and not sex would be the determining factor. This inspired the men to work

because they could not let the women outdo them. It inspired the

women because never before in the history of the islands had a woman's wage equaled a man's. During a

time of great financial need for the

Church at home, Matthew sent out checks amounting to nearly twenty thousand dollars. Also through the

profits from the plantation, he wiped FREE!

out the debts at the mission. New Book of "Sixty Sandwiches"

By means of a crude device of Ideal for Picnic, School and Work his own, Matthew surveyed the Sandwich Ideas rental lands for the taro patches of Write Today to Fisher's, (Concluded on following page) P. O. Box 2227-A, Salt Lake City 13, Utah

AUGUST 1950 665 A VISIT TO ROYALTY (Concluded from preceding page) happened to be in Honolulu, to the natives, thus settling many an come to the palace for a private ancient dispute as to how much land consultation in regard to the affair.

each controlled, and as to how much Matthew wrote that her majesty should be paid for it. The plan seemed to favor the lottery. "My

worked so well that the Chinese rice wife,"he wrote, "explained to her growers came to the missionaries to our belief in regard to gambling, have their lands estimated. and told her we would not favor

At this time the Hawaiian legissuch a crime."

the lature making was considering in the Thus Libbie again saw the pallottery"legal "Louisiana

Hawaiian kingdom. The owners of ace, and her friendship with the

this gambling device, Matthew queen increased.

Kapiolani, Queen LiliuokaQueen of the Church, had ofPresidency Get Going Noall wrote in a letter to the First In later years, a descendant of of the a member lani, became a fered the government $500,000 year for the privilege of bringing Church. When she paid a visit to

it into the islands. The natives the United States, she went directwere largely in favor of it. Most of ly to Utah to see the temple and

the white people were against it. the tabernacle. In the tabernacle,

The king and queen themselves at her public appearance, Matthew

Pick a vacation packed with pleasure! were troubled. Noall had the privilege of acting as

Funfilled playlands invite you... The queen sent for Libbie, who personal escort to her majesty.

from the Historic East to Western

Wonderlands, from cool Canada to to Take Mexico. Old sunny the high- "Greyhound a on romance way of BY THEIR FRUITS..."

Amazing America Tour—hotel accommodations, transportation, and special (Concluded from page 639) of his father and to his own skill

low one included for sightseeing—all

spoke in the simple tongue of the as an engineer and builder, Ralph your from cost! Get full information

Greyhound Agent NOW! people. Ralph Woolley speaks in Woolley's first job in Hawaii stands

the ancient, allegorical Hawaiian, today at Laie: the Hawaiian Temfull of depth and subtle meanings. ple, acknowledged by all beholders

Not always fully understood by as "the most beautiful building in

ALL-O-WHEAT thosemeaning"less ofwelltheirversedancientin thelanguage,"deep theWhenislands."the work of the Church in

the Hawaiians one and all can the Hawaiian Islands is evaluated, CEREAL sense the depth of his sermons. it may well be assumed that the

The Best and Most Healthful "Sometimes it is so beautiful that L.D.S. religion is sound at the core.

Cereal for Your Family to Eat! it makes us cry.""By their fruits ye shall know

ALL-O-WHEAT As a monument to the devotion them."

contains these valuable food elements in their natural state: A GLANCE AT HAWAIIAN MISSION HISTORY Calcium, Iron, PhosRi- phorus, Thiamine, be broken for soon to this yoke look we 620) page [rom (Continued Niacin, boflavin, Vita- "

off,... A, min and Pantopermitted was Cannon Elder year

Acid. thenic of Elder the type prophetic of words setting the IT'S STEEL CUT The to complete

STEEL CUT—NOT GROUND for it, and the Book of Mormon Johnson were soon to be fulfilled,

to retain all the natural goodness and was published in the Hawaiian for at a conference held at Polulu,

Cut of highquality wheat. nutrition there was 1854, Hawaii, June 5, in California and sent to aid language for quick cooking—an fineness to a sixteen the of representation the islands. in food loss of important avoiding

month values. Hawaii. on branches A labor to among came who Those

it than that more reported later was to love IS people came ALL-O-WHEAT Hawaiian the joined persons had thousand four Elder them. respect Taste to the and them DELICIOUS also in It July the was Church. wrote: to F. the Johnson Body NUTRITIOUS Benjamin elders faithful five of the four that TO PREPARE EASY

islands to the first come had are who people this that to use sanguine feel VERY ECONOMICAL We to return released honorably that a great were blood, and Covenant the store of or local health your grocer Ask today for work is to be done among them. Many home to see to the printing of the

and apprehension, of quick are them of Bigof Henry Mormon. are Book W. ALL-O-WHEAT natare truth. the They believe to apt Cannon, ler, with George Q. CO. who to ALL-O-WHEAT Write Or peokind-hearted and honest, urally an Utah Ogden, William and Hawkins, James unnatural that it for not arid were ple, in available now All-O-Wheat would thousands missionaries, stores health in Pacific the of reported Coast as fear 1853, 29, cit., March op. 9Jenson,

Angeles of Los Corp. Served by Hales But 15:428 Star the truth. Millennial embrace soon believe, and

Farrer, returned to the mainland, wrote at the time of his release:

I was on the islands three years and seven months, and was instrumental in the hands of God, in bringing many of the islanders to a knowledge of the truth....

The natives are a kind hearted people and will do all they can to make a missionary comfortable; they will give the last

mouthful of food, and the best and only bed; and if one's legs are weary through TABLE QUEEN

walking they will lomi (rub) them and take the soreness out. 10

It is of more than passing interest to know that Elder Joseph F.

Smith, who later became a Counselor in the First Presidency with

George Q. Cannon and who afterCyJjKL

wards became President of the Church, was assigned in September 1854 with eight other missionaries to serve in Hawaii. Here's a loaf of extra value—a

The work went forward, the premium bread in every way, elders appointing some native misthanks to skillful baking and the sionaries to preach to their relatives use of highest quality ingredients and friends. And the elders tried only. Next time, take Table

to devise means of establishing the Queen—for bread at its delicious

natives and also of earning a living best. Look for it in the sparkling

for themselves, since they were sent white wrapper.

out without purse or scrip. Finally,

by 1865, a plantation of six thouacressand was purchased, and the elders so that organized the -v*?ssS!2SI****-

land could become selfsustaining *"M* and help support them. Many

of the early missionaries had difficulty in maintaining themselves.

Touching reference is made to Sister Woodbury, who opened a school for Hawaiians to learn English and took in sewing in order that she could earn a living for her-

U *.*". *i-,w*

self and her husband, John Woodbury. tMPRMiD FLAVOR With the passing of the years

new difficulties arose. The appearENRICHED

of apostatesance served to hamper for a time. Anotherthe work difWITH mmm

ficult situation presented itself in the person of Walter Murry Gibson, whose "conversion"in Salt

Lake, proved later to have been planned with the express purpose of going to the islands where with PROFITABLE DAYS the credentials afforded as a LatterAHEAD FOR day Saint, he might line his pockets with easy money. Mr. Gibson obtained land ostensibly for the QUISH

Church but had the deeds made in GRADUATES his name. His efforts brought trainingCapitalizenow! onYou'llQUISHbo a

about a schism among the native competent beautician when graduated. proQUISHconverts. Eventually Gibson fell.C.P. technical vides you with

and knowledge gainedinto disaffected disrepute, the and 25 SEND FOR Jam & Jelly ENROLLNOW skillinFREE TODAY! YearsCATALOG entirelyeither left the or Church

were shown the error of their ways. PECTIN SCHOOL OF

(Continued on following page) MORE FOR YOUR MONEY BERUTV33t SOUTHCULTUREMAIN 10Ibid., July 29. 1854

AUGUST 1950 667 A GLANCE AT HAWAIIAN MISSION HISTORY (Continued from preceding page) George Q. Cannon and some of his Hawaii in 1 893, sponsored by some

The missionaries learned to love family returned to the islands. ( See ambitious pineapple growers, and

the Hawaiian people, and they in page 623. ) President Cluff rethe islands had been forced to look

turn learned to love these white ported that many of the Hawaiians to the United States for their superpeople who came from the distant who heard him speak in their lanvision. The former queen Liliuokamainland. Real affection sprang guage remarked, "How wonderful lani attended the afternoon meeting

Presi13 and asked the Queen "between whites December that heup should and our lanon remember

1 again. She speak allLiliuokalani, eventually dent Cannon to these who long years."beguage

came a member of the Church. In The revolution had occurred in also asked him to call at her home,

the fall of 1891 the Saints made a 12Ibid., December 12, 1900 which he did. He gave her another

present to the queen. It was a

calabash. After they had given it <00,Or>iO,OrO<- \

to her, the Saints moved up one by one and dropped coins into it until they had given her forty dollars. p.roximutu to a

The queen spoke to them saying that she wished to reign with justice so that peace might continue in the land. She asked the Saints that, BY RICHARD L EVANS

in order for her to be enabled to do this, they pray to God to bless ]VffAY we quote a sensible sentence: "No one ever falls

her with wisdom and understanding. over a precipice who never goes near one."CrowdAbout a year and a half later the ing things to the outer edge is always an invitation to

queen invited the elders to hold disaster. And it is frequently true that people partly invite

weekly religious services in the their own difficulties and disasters. They often flit and

palace. s flirt on the edge. They often start things without thinking

In Hawaii, information concernthrough beforehand how or where they can stop them.

ing the temple being built in Salt This has happened to youngsters who have started rocks

Lake City moved the Saints. They rolling, or who have released the brakes on idle automostarted. they to prove something able to stop what to do wished haven't been and who biles

in actually but innocent, the time, Matthew their loyalty. been At they sense In a may have

Noall was mission president. The most instances they knew they were doing something they

Saints built a table according to his shouldn't be doing, even if they weren't aware of the full design. It was three and onehalf consequences. If we start anything rolling, we may be

feet square and inlaid with native powerless to stop it halfway down the hill. Starting a

woods. Even in those days it was fire and then dashing down the street and putting it out

made at the cost of $185.00, so it may also be exciting, but preventing the fire in the first

was indeed a wonderful gift for the place is much safer. Fires are sometimes stubborn things

Hawaiians to make. But they gave to stop. We sometimes hear those who humorously say:

other things as well: two ground "I don't know my own strength."But the person who

Kahilis mounted on stands, and 160 doesn't know his own strength may also not know his own fans made from bamboo by the Reweakness, and where unknown factors are concerned, it lief Society sisters of Laie. The is wise to play the safe side. For the protection of its

gifts were shipped and "received by personnel, the army has often declared undesirable places the First Presidency in Zion with to be "off limits."And we should learn in our own lives

thanks.... "u what is "off limits"for our personal peace and protection,

In August 1895 Elder Samuel E. and keep a safe distance. There is danger in dealing with

Woolley arrived in Honolulu to rethe devil in his own domain. Tightrope walking and

place President Noall as mission balancing in precarious places may be all right in the president. At the time of his arcircus, but in life it is a pretty poor policy to place ourrival, cholera had been raging for selves in a precarious position where one misstep may

ten days. Elder Woolley and his mean much regret. There should be a margin of safety

family landed at Honolulu and imin everything we do, and if there is any question in our mediately left for Laie. Scarcely minds what the margin should be, we should make.it much

ten minutes after their departure a wider than we think it needs to be. It is a smart man who

strong guard was thrown around knows how to keep clear of any extreme edge from which the city to restrain anyone who he might suddenly slip. "No one ever falls over a precimight try to enter or leave the city. pice who never goes near one."

The Saints felt that the Lord surely had directed the Woolleys in their hurried departure from the city. Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

To celebrate the fiftieth year of PRESENTEDCASTINGOVER KSLSYSTEM,AND THEJUNE COLUMBIA18, 1950 BROADthe Hawaiian Mission, President s Copyright, Kiiig Features \

-Ibid.. March 9, 1893

668 I HE IMPROVEMENT ERA blessing at her request. Reference

is made to a blessing that she had received from him in Salt Lake City and subsequent healing of a cancer under her chin, from which she had suffered.

It was during this visit that President Cannon prophesied that one day a temple would be built for FROM YOUR MASSEY HARRIS DEALER the Saints in Hawaii. Then they

who were faithful could be married for time and eternity and also do work for their kindred dead.

This prophecy was fulfilled in 1919."The work of the mission progressed under all the mission presidents. The faith of the earliest

missionaries was more than justified, for the Hawaiians have been most receptive to the gospel message and have been diligent in their adherence to its principles. The islands

have also served as headquarters for the Japanese missions during times when it was not practicable to establish missions in the Far East.

On June 30, 1935 President Heber J. Grant and J. Reuben

Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency,

established the Oahu Stake. During the time since its organization,

will real any you have itself proved a greatOahu has NOTidea untilof theyoupower,actuallyeconomy,drive oneease of handling, and comislands as wellbulwark as a on the defense for the Church. fort features built into MasseyHarris Tractors. That's

The Hawaiian Mission has made why we want you to experience an actual inthe-field demon- a unique contribution to the progstration.

ress of the Church. Within its For plowing, cultivating and every other tractor job,

boundaries peoples of many nations MasseyHarris gives you comfort that saves your arms andhave learned to live together with simplicity of operation that helps maintaingenuine friendship and peace. The shoulders—

gospel has touched the hearts of a fast pace all day long without fatigue.

those who have the blood of many Look over the six basic MasseyHarris models; 1-Plow

peoples in their veins, and it has "Pony", 2-Plow "22", 2-3-Plow "30", 3-Plow "44-6", changed the lives of these peoples 3-4-Plow "44", 4-5-Plow "55", then ask your local Masseyso that they live more abundantly Harris dealer for a demonstration of the tractor that fits your according to the message that they farm. have received. Their childlike faith

and devotion, their love of people Intermountain Dealers regardless of nationality or race, can UTAH WYOMING to betterpoint a way us, their Delta, Hunsaker Motor Company

City, Heber H Welding M & sistersbrothers of the and west. Works Casper,Afton, ValleyNolandTractorFeed Company& Implement Company Hoyt's Store Kamas,

Service Farm Sheridan, Coffeen Sales Company Historical Quarterly Stake Records, 13Oahu SepLogan,Monticello, Barton Randall & 1938, 30, unpublished,tember Historian's Church Repair Baugh Ogden, Farm Service and Salt City,Office Utah Lake COLORADO Service Parowan, Parowan

Payson, Allan's Equipment Farm

Alamosa, San Luis Valley Implement Co. Richfield, Brothers Harward

Salt Lake City,, King Equipment Company Craig, Brinkley Hardware (Jay W. Brinkley)

City, Spring Strate's Garage St. St. George, George

Tremonton, Implement Valley Service CompanyCompany Meeker,Pleasant WayneView, J.SalesC Denton& Service

(Wayne Sdndall) San Luis, San Luis Lumber Supply

Distributor: WESTERN MACHINERY COMPANY

748 West 8th South, Salt Lake City, Utah

11 r# Make It a MasseyHarris!

AUGUST 1950 669 marvelous work is about to come

Archives of Sweden forth among the children of men.

( Concluded from page 62 1 ) The whole world marvels at what is brand, representing the Rekolid Company, being accomplished in the short which company holds the contract to do span since the restoration of the the microfilming work throughout Sweden Church. These things are only acFinland, presented and Mr. Boethius with complished through the proper and

latest a brandnew model microAmerican film reading machine for which he also inspired leadership of the Church.

expressed his appreciation.—Margit J. Blomquist"

"This memorable occasion, the These records from Sweden and sixth of April, 1949, 1 19 years after Finland are arriving in regular the organization of the Church, will shipments at the Genealogical Sonever be forgotten in the Swedish ciety and are being carefully inPRICELESS Mission, and it bears out the spected and catalogued for use by prophetic utterance—'A great and the general public. WHEN YOU NEED IT

There is no substitute for insurance...

it, it? will you have you need when and would military Laban high a 4:1.) commander As

.. costly losses with take chances Don't arin such an battle; but of tens thousands command In. Lehi local Desert The sure! Kolob Agent be insure and Your

it is the to is Lemuel: of concern ray and no Laman

... consult is specialist him insurance an

i.e.. regular, the for, out look they "fifty"must insurance {Continued change. as 642) your needs page frequently from at garrison Jerusalem. permanent

in antiquity, even the preserved time and when Jewish on "Archaeological Offord, Notes 2Joshua the insurance choose help you our agent Let its fulfil to great for the of purpose record came 148 p. 1916, Antiquities,"needs. individual your to suited best plan PEFQ

to to transbearing the witness world, be S(k>W; etc."of Eliakim, Seal Albright. F. "The purgift this of the lated and itGod.had power by Of INSURANCE AGENCY GENERAL A title that the Lit. 7983, 51 shows Bihl. (1932Int. at nothing. the time pose Nephi knew.. of all. representtypes Insurance writing something this in time at meant Jersulem "servant"14 -"Tap/in p. Hilal. Bent bah claim companies. strong stock ing Prompt honorable an was and "official representative."like

1. II. awMeyer.G.J.A. 137 settlement. title. a rather degrading than 1938. Letters, Lachish Jack, "The "PEFQ W. **J.

Jewish famous the most Salisbury, ibn Adiyt, Mgr. "'"Samaual Frank 168 p.

undying in times, gained ancient story as given of Arabia the poet are following Wenamon -"We all he 513518. the Arabs when praise fame in and among (1905) Breasted, Egypt, History of pp. J.

to death to put cruelly be his of son is in history allowed length any It own at almost given

Egypt or the Near East, e.g. James Baikie, The before his eyes rather than give up some costly

History Comb. Anc.of theHist.PharaohsII, 193.(London, 1908) pp. 285-7; armorentrustedwithby thea friend.keeping Theof whichstory, hetruehador beennot,

western eastern illustrates the and difference between cit. loc. "Jack,

being against to should warn standards and emwish they brothers, though older a9RThe are the Arabs he fifty. things some shocked by only mention great power, phasize Laban's thereads—reader

in of Americans callousness says the just as shocked by in It is them who answering Nephi (3:31.)

(1909), Gesch.d.arab.Lit. things. his is Brockelmann. and some Laban than 330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City that the "mightier Lord

fiftv, or even than his tens of thousands."{Ibid., p. 34.

MUTUAL CONVENTION IN HAWAII

{Continued from page 643) Y. M.M.I.A. general board and a

One of the reasons for the visit Scout executive, attended to aid of Superintendent Curtis, who is the Scout work.

one of the sectional vice chairmen The Mutuals are teaching the of Region 12, Boy Scouts of Amerfundamentals of the Church through ica, was the sectional meeting of the spiritualized recreation and inspiraBoy Scouts in Honolulu. Scout tional lessons. The age groups are

meetings were also held in Kona, following the lesson plan. The

Hilo, and Maui. leaders of the M.I. A. there, as elseSeveral national and regional ofwhere, are trying to build a testificers of the Boy Scouts of America mony in the heart of every boy and

were there, including William V. every girl.

M. Fawcett, National Chairman ExAttendance at Mutual is almost

plorer Committee; E. Urnar Goodphenomenal; one Mutual we at-

# Man, woman or child... man, from the national office; Henry tended had present 240 people.

healthy, handsome, well- B. Grandin, Chairman of Region 12, While we were in Hawaii, the

groomed hair is a real help to Don Moyer, regional Scout execuJunior Girls held their rose award personal assurance, happiness tive; and Roland E. Dye, deputy night. At an M MenGleaner banand success!

regional executive. quet nearly four hundred were in

L.B. makes hair sparkle, keeps Latterday Saint boys are promiattendance. It was an inspiring

it groomed, helps control nent in the Scout activities in the sight to see the representation of dandruff! Non -greasy, nonislands, as they are wherever the nations: Hawaiian, Portuguese,

alcoholic, a joy to use! Church is organized. Scout work Chinese, Japanese, Samoan, and

is being given an increased impetus American. The tables were covon the island of Oahu by Elder Milt ered with banana leaves; the

FOR Allen, deputy under Scout execudecorations consisted of gorgeous

THE HAIR tive, Hazen Shower. Elder Allen flowers, including hibiscus, bird of

NEW special attention L.B. is to the giving paradise, in and CREAMED antherium—placed SHAMPOO the of Scout leaders training the center of the among tabledown its enwith 2<TeLBIF YOUR HAIR Powdered Eeg Latterday Saints. Elder Harrald tire length. Place cards depicted this

NEEDS HEIP...IT NEEDS L.B. S. Alvord, recently appointed to the year's theme. The young people,

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dressed in their evening clothes, made a beautiful picture, and they maintained our M.I.A. standards

throughout the banquet and dance. A drama and music festival preSTRENGTH

ceded the convention. Since our

Hawaiian brothers and sisters love Forto sing and dance, as well as act, this festival was a delightful experience. The convention was well attended, with every ward and branch SUCCESS

represented. During the evening

the need for better facilities was These days a young person wants to learn how to indicated so effectively that the surprise announcement of President 1. earn a good living

Woolley pledging a stake gym- 2. help make a fine home

nasium in the very near future thrilled and delighted the entire as- 3. share in building a better -world

semblage. This gymnasium will do

much to enhance and increase our At Utah State, the student finds training that contributes to activities in the islands. success in hundreds of occupations. Also liberal education is

In addition to Oahu, we visited provided to help a young person develop to the utmost mentally

Kona, Hilo, and Maui. In each of and spiritually, to help him become a better parent, citizen, and

these places we found the same leader.

spirit of love among our people.

The two stake boards enterAdvantages include tained us at a luau in the garden libraries totaling 140,000 books of Bishop and Sister Pai Kekamha with excellent equipment laboratoriesat It Laie before our departure. spectrograph, (electron microscope,was a delightful experience. etc.)

scientists to aid the than and more 500 teachers Our party from the mainland into lead. student in learning to earn and

cluded Bishop and Mrs. Ray Davis,

the Ernest A. Strongs, the Frank of Agriculture; Schools EduCommerce; Arts and Sciences;Earls, the Merrill Christophersons, cation; Forestry, Range, Engineering and and Technology;

the Floyd Davises, Dr. and Mrs. Wildlife Management; and Home Economics.

R. L. Knight, Dr. and Mrs. John

G. Jones, President and Mrs. Victor

Bird, Mrs. Elizabeth Fagg, Judge Fall Quarter Registration: Sept. 28, 29, 30

Reeder's sister, and the Taylors. t

We returned by plane, and as the For catalog and other information, address plane was readying for departure a large group sang "Aloha,"and naThe President tive girls gave several beautiful dances. When the plane took off,

we waved our last farewells with Utah State Agricultural College sadness, for we were sorry to leave our dear island friends. Although LOGAN, UTAH

we had been with them only a short time, they had taken us to their hearts and made us feel a very intimate part of hopes and dreams for the future achievements of M.I.A. HOTEL LANKERSHIM SUNVISTA

in the Hawaiian Islands. 7th & BROADWAY Delicious

ROOMS WITH BATH BUTTERBLACKEYEDBEANSPEAS

BABY LIMA BEANS PINTO BEANSHis Second Account Bank CHILI GREEN PEPPERS LOS ANGELES PINTO BEANS WITH PORK {Continued from page 629) "TWO PERSONS - ONE CHARGE'At Your Grocersas she there would, was an anxiety that persisted. What had Herb meant

about his second bank account? He

had never kept any secrets from her.

Then she'd say cheerfully, "Oh, of course, it was nothing."And the tight

feeling left the pit of her stomach. READ

The curtains were beautiful at the again, all starchedwindows and clean W&mmwmmW*ii >*V|;FTiiiVy*:.v.y.iiu i ASHBURTON a paleand tears golden PLACE The Improvement Era hue. Why,almost came to her eyes, looking at BOSTON 8. MASS-

(Concluded on following page) AUGUST 1<? c 671

a lunch took House. AtHis Second Bank Account whereher grandson.we stopped Hiswas thefatherhousewasof oftheirpoiancestors.at the MissionWe

(Concluded from preceding page) Chilean and his mother a daughter two o'clock we met with the Saints for thethem, sunshine coming through of Cluff Brother Nalinanui. that this in the meetinghouse. We all feltthem all made a wonderglow the over

I was an extraordinary spoke for a few minutes coincidence anddining room. a She'd have supgood

per for Herb, too. So she dressed a and the natives called it Kupaianfollowed and spoke for one hour in

fryer and made two egg custards. The aha. Before leaving, a number of Hawaiian. I enjoyed great liberty

custards were plump with a covering folks assembled, and I addressed and felt to thank the Lord for givfrothyof favorite. meringue—Herb's Spirit to Spirit them. enable The me to of God was poured ing me his

it al- a start withThen she saw was... us. in their native the out upon people address for timemost a Herb. put She on

freshly laundered dress and tied a ribtongue. I spoke altogether during

bon on the baby's hair. She took from Sunday, Dec. 30, 1900 the afternoon in the Hawaiian lanthe cupboard her best tablecloth, her I attended Sunday School and guage with the exception of less

chinaware.savedfor-Sunday Why, addressed half the school the Saints a than dozen sentences. and To me

it an a birthday or was almost like it is present. I spoke buildthat I should temple upon wonderful veryanniversary!

Then Herb came, and Donnie soon ing, the work to be done in the be able to speak at such length after after. Herb looked about the house temples and the necessity of their so many years have passed since I

for a long moment, and Faye held her gathering all that they could about used it. (Concluded on page 674)

breath. He didn't say much, but Donout. criednie "O Mamma, whose <t!??Cr>>-&vi<<&&v\l&*i is it?"birthday

At length they sat down to eat, and

Faye saw that there was no look of worry on Herb's face now. He felt

sure the kaffir could be used, and they partcould plant of the oat land in fall TIMING BY RICHARD L. EVANS blackeyes.turnips and

"Faye, this is a right good supper,"he cried once, "and where did you get HPiming in life is exceedingly important. What we do

curtains? prettythose They sure make may be all right, but when we do it may be all wrong. in here!"look swellthings

Faye smiled, pleased, and told him. A dress that was a dream a few years ago has by now

Yet still she was puzzled. Finally likely lost much of its allure—not that the dress has changed,

supper was over, and Herb and Donbut that the styles have changed. Whether we like it or

dishes. the her stack helpingnie began is not, timing the essence it or not, with whether we agree his lap on the baby took HerbThen

is of things other the essence fashion. of Timing many chair, rocking in the leaned backand

and Faye watched him as he played also. Things that are funny at one time may not be

with the baby's curls. She was glad, funny at another time. Often when we hear a comment that

again. heart taken glad he hadso suitable think calls can't of for anything a "comeback,"we

the for today check a "I wrote it's all think over, after at the to say moment; but we can last, "but at spoke upkaffir seed,"he

I've been checking on my second bank of the wittiest remarks we might have made. But there

account all day, and it didn't fail me. is nothing quite so late as a clever comment that is just a

It never does."little too late. It isn't only a question of what we say but

account?"bank second "Your in everything, is important both say when it. "When"we breathlessly. a little Faye, outgasped

light serious sides the it isn't enough of life, and and in the on his chin tucking was Herb baby's curls and not looking at her, merely to be able and willing to do something: It is es-

"Yes, my second bank account. We sential to do it when it ought to be done. The farmer who

couldn't get along without it, could we forgets his sense of timing doesn't have a harvest. The

courage!"kids? It's—it's Mamma's kills credit. his his of timing forgets sense debtor who

itself in intertrack of double that loses time debt may A est. The time to save money is when we are earning it.

Journal of George Q. Cannon The time to seize an opportunity is when there is an open-

(Continued from page 624) ing. The time to repent is when there is yet time to resecret prayer and where he condepent—and the sooner the better. The time to prepare is

scended to commune with me, for when there is time to prepare. Next year may not be

I heard his voice more than once as soon enough. Tomorrow may not be soon enough. Even

one man speaks with another, en- "in a minute"may not be soon enough in some situations.

couraging me and showing me the And there is a great difference between the youngster work which should be done among who comes when he is called and the youngster who this people if I would follow the says he will come "in a minute"—and who lets the mindictates of his Spirit. Glory to God utes multiply until it is too late. And there is also the

in the highest that he has permitted same difference in adults. One of the great lessons of

me to live to behold the fulfilment of life is to learn not only "what"is important, but "when!"

his words..

I found the place that I thought Jhe Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE had been the site, but great changes PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADhave been made. I made inquiries CASTING SYSTEM, JUNECopyright.25, 1950 King Features

about Nalinanui and Kealakai Honua. Discovered that the house

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from page 614) joyment and the companionship of soul is stirred with gratitude that those we love throughout the ages

I have been permitted to live in of eternity.

this age of the world and have Brethren and sisters, I pray that as my associates men and women the Lord will continue to bless you, such as you. I do hope and pray that you will have joy in this work,

that each of us will renew our dethat you will realize that it is an termination to live such lives as investment beyond all price. I hope

will entitle us to the constant comand pray that every boy and every panionship of the Spirit of the Lord. girl in the communities in which you

I walked into an office the other live will be helped, will be trained day and saw one of the most popuand taught, so that truth and thelar magazines in the United States things that are eternally beneficial tiinsiiiiijsinitywjaw!lying on the table. I looked at it will be a part of his or her charew0

and thought to myself, "What are acter. That is our privilege, and if

we coming to?"The cover was a we will do that, when the time

picture of a man and a woman, comes for us to go hence, those who practically without any clothing on, stand by our casket will be able lying down and apparently talking to say, "This world is better bethis individual causeto If another. one that magazine lived in it."m th<

privilege. our That ishad come mothers into my home

when I was a child, she would have God lives; Jesus is the Christ;

fire it intothrown the before a Smith of Prophet we Joseph was Hawaii Mission it. tohad see a chance While the to sent restore the was God, who

majority of the magazines of this purity of the gospel of our Lord.

nation contain much that is wholeThe Church that was organized by some and desirable, side by side him at the direction of our Heavenwith that which is worth while are ly Father is the only Church in all the temptation and publicity of tothe world that has the right to bacco and liquor and immorality. claim divine authority. I do not

Brother Giles has just referred to say that in unkindness, for all these the Era. It has been my pleasure other churches have wonderful men

here and in the Old World to have and women in them. But it is just as

people say to me, "That is the it was in the days of the Savior, when cleanest, finest magazine that we he came among the people, many of have ever seen."We desire it that his own race repudiated him and

way. We want it to be wholesome. refused to have anything to do with

If we continue to see that this him; in one place it is recorded in

magazine is what it should be, nothe scriptures they said, "Why, we body can object to its being in the have Abraham for our father."And

homes of the people. A large numhis answer was, "If you are the chilber of a recent issue was sent out dren of Abraham, you do the works

to many prominent people, and of Abraham."(See Matthew 3:9.)

while I've been away this time, I This is not our Church. It is not

have had a number come and tell the Church of Joseph Smith or any me they have seen the Era, and man who has presided since that they've read it through. They think time. It is the Church of Jesus

it is a wonderful magazine. These Christ, our Lord. With all my

are people not members of the heart I thank him for my memberChurch. ship in it, and pray that we may all

I congratulate you, every one, be worthy of that membership, and that you are considered worthy to that day by day, the righteousness Deseret News Press be identified with the Church of of our lives may make this world

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. better for our living, and in the end, &1&jd onsL hund/uut

I congratulate you that you belong when he shall gather his jewels, that lf&WlA, old.

to an organization, the purpose of we may all find our names recorded which is the uplift and development in the Lambs Book of Life, along

Office: 40 Richards Streetof people here in mortality, to prewith those that we love and aspare us to go to the other side, and sociate with here, not one missing. Plant: 1605 South Industrial Road

when that time comes, I hope that And I pray that it may be so in the Salt Lake City. Utah

we shall be worthy of a place in the name of Jesus Christ, our Lord.

celestial kingdom and have the enAmen.!![[[lPl41ta4!Jt!!

AUGUST 1950 673

Journal of George Q. Cannon

( Concluded from page 672 Among other things which I mentioned, I dwelt upon it at some length, was the necessity of living lives of purity. I led them to believe that if they did so and exercise

faith the Lord might move upon his servant, the prophet, Lorenzo Snow, to authorize one of his servants to seal wives to husbands for time and eternity....

Saturday, Jan. 5, 1901

We left Brother Fernandez a little before three o'clock and called at the Mission House and bade it farewell. At the wharf the Saints

loaded wife myself and and They Better Living... had assembled there by hundreds. children garlands with wreaths and

of flowers. My entire person was

almost covered; I was loaded down... Better Learning

so with flowers, and garlands of facilities for students Additional dormitory will be 300 men fall provided at the the with University of maile. The manner in which 1 remodeling of"Utah this

this picturesque station hospital. A central dining hall and excelwas decorated made me very conlent recreational facilities also are being arranged for outof-city spicuous and embarrassed me somestudents.

With no regular graduating class at the three city schools, the what as I had to press my way outof-SaltLake enrollment of freshmen is expected to hit a new through the dense throngs which at this fall high the opportunities of to take advantage our State covered the wharf and its apUniversity. possible is Everything being convenience done for the

of students around the state. proaches. The greatest interest and

Educational opportunities are unlimited at the University of affection were shown by the people

Utah with ten outstanding colleges manned by 500 prominent and towards me. Many of them had welltrained instructors.

left their employment to be present

Remember These Dates at the departure. It was a scene

Entrance exams for Freshmen Sept. 18 which I ought never to forget.

Registration of Freshmen..Sept. 21

Registration of all others..Sept. 2223

Classwork begins Sept. 25 The Man and The Eternal Empire

PLAN YOUR FUTURE AT YOUR STATE UNIVERSITY (Continued from page 623)

Then the Spirit of the Lord told me to

For full information write Office of the President choose Brother James Keeler. I did so.

Brother Keeler afterwards told

Elder Cannon he had prayed they might be able to work together.

Elder Cannon very rarely alludedUNIVERSITYWOF UTAH to his spiritual manifestations.

Salt Lake City 1, Utah When he did so, it was to promote faith and understanding. Samuel

A. Woolley and W. W. Cluff

have each publicly referred to

For Your Reading Pleasure separateGeorge Q.visionsCannon.experienced by

Of his early struggle with the language, George Q. Cannon

wrote Each Month of the Year My desire to learn to speak was very strong; it was present with me night and

day.... I also tried to exercise faith before the Lord to obtain the gift of talking THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and understanding the language.

In less than a month after his ar12 Issues $2.50 rival, he was listening to some natives, and he became very desirous

of understanding them.

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I jumped to my feet,... I believed that

I had received the gift of interpretation!

And it was so.

His linguistic ability and determination enabled him to commence translating the Book of Mormon after being in Hawaii only one month. In the course of his mission

he translated the book.

An example of physical courage took place a few days later. He

decided to leave the elders and go among the people on the other side of the island. To go around the

island by boat required money. He

had none, so he attempted to scale the volcanic mountain. This was

considered impossible, even by the hardy natives. The rank vegetation grew as high as eight feet. The

mountain rose almost four thousand feet from sea level in three miles, and to get down the other side meant negotiating almost sheer

cliffs.

The men who planted the gospel in the fertile islands had no trace of wealth, political, or military! power. Yet it is an acknowledged

fact that in acquiring the language, translating scriptures, curing and converting the people, the elders of the new dispensation proved successful. Truly these men were

valiant servants of a great cause.

Americans of today who want spiritual, lasting wealth should consider this testimony of the young missionary to Hawaii, for the kingdom of which he speaks still flourishes and will do so when other governments cease to exist:

I know that Jesus lives; for I have seen

him. I know that this is the Church of

God, and that it is founded on Jesus Christ, our Redeemer.

I testify to you of these things as one who knows—as one of the Apostles of

the Lord Jesus Christ that can bear witness to you today in the presence of the Lord live, will that that he lives he and come and undisto reign earth, to the So Easy to C/eattfBeattfi'/u/foot an on sway puted sceptre.*

*From Testimonies of the Divinity o} the Church That's Hermosa TruJoint* Tile

Christ o/ Jesus Bennionof Latterday Saints, J. E. Cardon Have a real tile kitchen that's a cinch to keep clean! And from our comand S. O.

plete selection of bright new colors, choose the one that will cheer your work... brighten your life. We'd like to help you have the kitchen you've

These Times always wanted—so phone us today for a free consultation. REGISTERED

(Continued from page 602) parts—asHenry Fordhas II,beenand seentheir incounterGreat Britain. But why simply change ELIAS MORRIS & SONS COMPANY

masters and kill the geese that lay 90 YEARS OF SERVICE golden America's eggs? we really Do 250 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE, SALT LAKE CITY - PHONE 3-5715 confidence have enough and knowledge

in a dynamic capitalism? Private SERVING THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST

enterprise has not failed, as some (Concluded on following page) AUGUST 1950 675 These Times page) preceding from {Concluded L. D. S. Business College It has worked believe. have us would

FALL QUARTER betterBut it thandoes anyhaveotherproblems.system on earth.

The Problems of Private Enterprise

Begins Viewed as the immense, productive, corporate structure that it is, the enterprise system faces TUESDAY, SEPT. 5, 1950 American

these problems:

1. To maintain itself as a voluntary,

free system as against government and itself. This is as true

of the big labor unions as of the ask about big businesses; or, of the farmer

SPECIAL RATES himwithinby thethe cropeconomyquotasplannedand subsifor for dies of the Department of AgriReturned Missionaries culture.

2. To provide for economic growth

through steady expansion of Get new free booklet plants and facilities, to meet the

L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE growth of population, the de70 North Main mands for employment, goods,

Salt Lake City, Utah and services.

To maintain private ownership withoutgrowth—also forprovidingan expandingfor economyeconomic

Year After Year... the Largest Selling wouldcorporatenot structuresave us from( 1 ) socialism.must itself Theexpand, dare, risk, create! (2) It must

developother "private"restrict trade closing by artificially Church Organ notments channels to youngsters trying to start in the new enterprises. (3) It must outdistance government enterprise. GovWorld! ernmentis an electricenterprisepowerisshortagewith us. orIf waterthere

This church model is used shortage, or any other need in the need, realisthat economy, in over 18,000 churches American bedefined, and tically understood and comes an immediate challenge to primore L.D.S. Wards use the vate enterprise. If needs are not met

from $1285up Hammond than any other (even assumed needs) by private en-

F.O.B. Factory organ. terprise, the political leader will appeal

to the voter to give him "the contract,"write will undertake—and political power

the job with tax money provided by private enterprise. GLEN -BROS. MUSIC CO. The private enterprise system did

74 SOUTH MAIN STREET not have this challenge, this rough, tough competition from government in the nineteenth century. But since all

men have gained the vote, every man's needs or assumed needs have a way of demanding satisfaction. If private

initiative, group enterprise, private vision, private creative insight is insufficient, then we have seen that voters will be marshalled and consent gained from them to "do it"with taxes.

Are there new Grand Coulees, TVAs, Hoover Dams, to be built to provide the basic electric energy for our burgeoning population? New enterprises based on atomic energy? Symphony orchestras? Housing? Medical

services? Better mousetraps? Are

our capacities and energies as private citizens, in private groups, as creative 676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

and effective as our political capacities and energies? This is the evernew frontier for private enterprise in

America: to compete successfully withand outdo the state in providing adeGombOMLs

quate means for economic growth;

to provide leadership in fundamental

StarKist ANY BRANDeconomic, capital expansion. The

state should recognize and welcome Tuna AT ANY PRICEthe growth of private enterprise.

private initiativeWhere does not take it with milder any The Compare flavor the lead, faithfully can in we expect choose StarKist brand you Tuna. may ofthese times, in as political the past,

enterprise. Such is a Newtonlike law

in a free democratic system. We, thepeople, have to bear responsibility and THEN DECIDE

decide how much of each we are to have, for we have to pay the bill, long Prove it to your own satisfaction!

run or short run. This is the genius StarKist Tuna is MILDER because MILDand the problem of constitutional govNESSOnly theseis a naturalsmaller,qualityMILDER,of thetunasmallerare packedtuna.

ernment. under the StarKist Tuna labels,

Forebears and Posterity in Buy any Islesthe Pacific 1. AppearAND fcTuna Pack \iSflcompare them for: Sideby-se Jm price! aTany (Continued from page 618)

experiences of matured age actively guide the family, for the wisdom and knowledge of the old is respected. And also, the care and

rearing children is the of young responsibility privilege and of m|Liijjj; T*l GoodGuaranteedHousekeeping)5bv *\ FANCY SOLID PACK or CHUN K STYLE,

elders. Those of the age of parentBoth are the same fine StarKist quality!

hood ( matua ) are thereby left free, the mothers to bear and nurse their BEFORE you buy new babies, the fathers to fish, plant, screens..

build boats, houses, or earn a livThis BEFORE you repaint or

.ing, until they in turn gradually asrewire your old ones.sume the role of tupuna as they TRAVEL It will pay you to investacquire grandchildren. is it! igate RYLOCK. Send

The tupuna who had gone "down coupon for information, the Great Road to Tane"(the path THE name of nearest dealer.

of light cast by the setting sun on the ocean) into the Unseen Land (Po) beyond the horizon and beWE HAVE THE RYLOCKneath the earth and sea are still WORLD concerned with the wellbeing and ON DISPLAY Tension affairs of their relatives remaining SHOP IN OUR in "The Day World"{Ao MaraDepartment Store of Travel WINDOW ma). Their continued existence and

love for their relatives is, for PolyAmong Our Services SCREEN nesians in every Pacific community ACCOMMODATIONS today, vividly and definitely eviPASSPORTS AND VISAS denced through dreams and certain AGENTS FOR WORLDWIDE TRAVELother forms of psychic experience STEAMSHIP LINESAIRLINES which missionary and modern RAILROADS teachings have affected very little. Our Service Costs You

These facts in their lives are matNothing ters of experience to them, not belief. In dreams, remedies and other Write or Phone RYLOCK COMPANY LTD.

requirements are prescribed in con2485 Washington Ave., San Leandro, Calif.

nection with sickness; a name may UNIVERSAL You may send me complete information.

be dictated for an expected child; TRAVEL SERVICE

a song or dance will be learned; Mezzanine Hotel Temple Square

coming events revealed. Here, as Dial 3-3419 ADDRESS.

everywhere, there are not only (Continued on following page) AUGUST 1950 677 Forebears and Posterity in

the Pacific Isles {Continued from preceding page) RICKS COLLEGE beneficent aspects of this spiritualisRexburg, Idaho tic phase of native life, but also serious and dangerous pathological

The Latterclay Saint College in Idaho and malevolent phenomena. No one

can have any true knowledge of A FULL FOURYEAR COLLEGE

Polynesians without understanding that individuals, families, and comREGISTRATION DATES munities everywhere sense the presence and intimacy of the unseen

Fall Quarter September 15, 18, 1950 with the seen.

A very simple and true definition

Winter Quarter December 11,1 950 of the old Polynesian concept of sin (hara, error) would be: injurSpring Quarter...March 12, 1951 ing, being disloyal or unfaithful, by

word or act, to one's relatives, seen or unseen.

Write Registrar for Catalog In the parents'generation, the term parent ( matua tane, male parent; matua vahine, female parent } is

applied also to uncles and aunts, and in general to all individuals of one's parents'generation. Within

single a generation, three principles First to Sears! prevail: seniority irrespective of sex

section in the ( already described on line Then to School! genealogy ); 2, sharp drawn

between the sexes: a boy's sisters

and female cousins are all "sisters"(tuahine) to him; a girl's brothers

and male cousins are her "brothers"{tunane). Strict rules govern social

intercourse between tuahine and tunane after childhood; 3, between

persons of the same sex in the same generation, terms indicating seniority are applied: privileges, respect,

and also obligations, which go right up the line, as between generations.

Seniors are called tuakana (tau ana, kua'ana) and are respected by juniors, and they are also responsiWE OFFER... blesisterfor orjuniors.cousinAnis oldertuakanabrotherto allor

A COMPLETE juniors sex. of the All juniors same Save! Annual SERVICE ENGRAVING of sex are the same or her to him

Portraits From Missionary to teina. Polynesian In any community Catalogues.

will see older children the Largest Winter Wear you Mail personAttention Orders Given Prompt little brothers and CO. UTAH ENGRAVING

old LayAway Sale allysisters,tendingas youtheirsee folk keeping

St. 113 Regent Utah Salt Lake City,

$1 holds your selection until an eye on all of them and doing

October 1st their share of the tending. Dr.

Margaret Mead, in her latest book

Male and Female has written:

IPSE for OVER FIFTY YEARS "The Samoans have made one of

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple the most effective adjustments to sore throat and other minor mouth DRINK the impact of Western civilization and throat irritations. of any known people."It is also

A delightful interesting to read that today in

HALLS REMEDY whohot beveragedon't drinkforcoffee.those Samoa "the rate of population inSalt Lake City, Utah AT YOUR GROCERS 1William Morrow and Co., New York, 1949, p.

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA crease is the highest in the world."2 prevailed. It is the basis of the comtransmission of skills and knowlThese facts are to a considerable munity setup: a village or district edge, for instance in medicine, or in

extent due to their loyalty to their functions through the heads of the art of hula dancing, as well as own family and social system. 3 In households and/or of lineages. The in inheritance of material wealth,

the light of the above quotations, it said heads are, so to speak, a biothe extended family system prewill be plain to our readers why, in logically selfperpetuating "Board vails and functions. It is incorrect

seeking to revive by research and of Trustees"for the welfare of the to say that the life of Polynesian writing what we term the "surfamilies in the community, whose peoples was or is "communal": it

vival techniques and values"in old patriarchs they are. Ideally, the was proprietary familialandinter

Hawaiian civilization, we have head of each family should be the familial. The system is not merely

taken family organization as a stone firstborn male of the senior branch regulatory: it is mobile and dyrejected (or at least neglected) by in the elder generation. {Matai in namic. Through the heads of

early white educators in Hawaii Samoa, matahiapo in Tahiti, Cook trustees of any individual house- (and still overlooked) which may Islands, New Zealand, makahiapo hold, part of or all of the entire become a cornerstone in the buildin Hawaii. ) But actually, there is community can be drawn upon, can

ing of better Hawaiian individuals, sufficient flexibility in the social sysbe mobilized rapidly and completely families, and communities."tem to permit the most competent when necessary, for cooperative

member of the older generation to enterprise, or in emergency. Every

Community serve in council as patriarch or individual of every age comes forIt is not only in families that the trustee. ward in voluntary, planned coop-

entails authority The system relationships, orderly of system it is only politics not and eration. And

it is essentially but obedience: and duties, status, responsibilities and civics the family system subwhich

r t democratic.

Vbid.. p. 409. serves so efficiently: in subsistence

3See Margaret in Samoa, Mead, Age Coming of (fishing and planting, the division This system not only should be 1928; York, William and Company, Morrow New

and Social Organizations of Manua. Bishop Museum, and preparation of food), in craftsunderstood completely by every

1930. Honolulu,

Ohana or Extended Family System of manship such as house and boat missionary as he learns the native *See "The

Ka'u, Hawaii,"by E. S. Craighill Handy and building, bark cloth, net, and mat language, but also, by our civilizaPukui, journal Mary Kawena of the Polynesian Somaking, in the inheritance and tion as a whole. ciety, 1950. Auckland, N. Z. ( June

May Missionaries

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSION HOME Fifth row: Odell Pancheri, Harold Home, Bruce Glen Hogan, Marlin W. Andrus, C LaRay Neilson,

MAY 8, AND DEPARTING MAY 17, 1950 R.MonroeNilsson,GunnParkerMcKay,V. Redding,ElizabethDonaldStevens,C. Rogers.Luelma NoelSchramm,J. Williams,Quintin KeithR. Graves,S. Humpherys,Duane Lott,CarlosKentC.

Broderick, Virgil K. Mittelsteadt. Dallas Peterson, Remington.

Reading from left to right, first row: Loran Oscar Kent Hulet, Gene C. Millward.

T. B. Kruger, Bertha Bingham, Woodbury, Edmund E. row: Tenth Jones, Crawford J. Sherwood Young,

B. Shirley Director; Colton, Janet Marilyn Pew, Sixth Don row: Beazer, Keith Garald M. Munk, Quincy L. A. Romrell, S. Clair Wyatt, Owen Glen Cahoon,

Hill, Fails, T. F. Whitaker, Emily Carol Robert Jack Byrd Trump, Joseph Schuenman, Whit- K. Lawson, E. Evans, Lawrence C. Taylor, E. LeRoy William

tier. T. Jones, O. Mason, James LaVoy Arthur Fenton S. Lund, Keith J. Richard Hone, Miller, G. Lynn

Errol Gardner, Gay Dewaine M. Boman, Brown, McBride, Nelson, R. Conrod S. Johnson, Howard

Silotti, E. V. Sharp, Sterling Ross Donald Bylund, M. Sibyl Viola row: Lehman, Second Helen Lehman, R. Oral Covington.

Floyd A. Johnson Johnson, Brown, Brown, Hobbs, LuGene Marva WHma

Gertrude Tippetts, Hoffman, Flake, Gladys Pat row: Eleventh Bennion, Rex ClifLeonard Hogan, row: Stailey Seventh Rogers, Dwayne Versal A. Walker. Jane

J. Parker, ton M. Bender, Herman Bryan K. WahlShields, Russell Clinton Mickelson, V. Donn Welch,

quist, H. Randall. Oren Russell Scott, Edward L. Lefevor, H. Milton Jensen, Paul EIDean 5. Richard Butterfield, Franklin Third row: H. Robert George Noack, Clifford Carson, Dene Bush, Don Eli C. Zollinger, A. Kirk, R. Fenn, Dean Meloy Johnson, Hill, Reese, Jensen, Merl Elison, C. K. Newell Don Burgess, Taylor Glenn Dale Clayton Bullock, Fred E. G. Sanders, William Frank Cox.

F. Selin, Sarah Zweifel, Delbert Day, June Thelma Huxhold, Arthur Alvin Keith Pedersen

Arnold D. Ozment, LaWana Stokes. Eighth row: Kenneth D. Zenger, Donald P. Hinckley, E. X. Smith, III, Perry, Twelfth Clifford Thomas row: Myrl Arvel Braegger, Reid Gibby, LaMar

Fourth row: F. Leland F. Jackson, Gordon B. Holmes, Glyn J. Meibos, A. Lykins, Robert G. Chester Beck, Donald R Williams, Howard Glenn

E. Rodgers, Clair Brown, William J. England, Kent in. Lark L. G. Christensen, Ellsworth, Robert C. Smith, Harry

Christiansen, Eyre, Bonnie Jean Mrs. M. J. Marlow Burrell, Carl Arland Albert Stacey, Sheldon James C.

Taylor, Taylor, D. Stout, J. Marlow Byron Donald row: Ninth J. Russell Valantine, Roy Butterfield, Jacob Dale Nelson, Rulon Elwood K. Dennett, H.

A. Larson, Norton, Darlene Bigler, Darlene Romrell. Lloyd Davis, Clean Miller, Kay Heber Demar Wood.

M. *K 1

%i$*- * *

'Mkt* wkI

"V"vt -

Sttfe

-"S"X.v.

E. S. C. Handy, who with Mary Kawena Pukui, conTHE LIGHT TOUCH D",tributed "Forebears and Posterity in the Pacific Isles,"beginning on page 616, is truly a world student. After receiving

his three university degrees from Harvard (and incidentally, Reciprocal h Worldhis collegeWarcareerI) he wasspentinterruptedfour years byin aethnologicalterm of serviceexplorain He was about nine and extremely fond of the neighbor's tion in Tahiti and adjacent dog, who returned the esteem. One evening the two were

islands, and in the Marromping on the floor when the dog stood up, put its paws quesas Islands as leader of on the boy's shoulders, and plastered him with wet affection.

parties of the YaleBayard To the mother's horror, the boy planted a kiss of his own

Dominick Expedition to the right on the dog's nose.

South Seas, organized by "Aw, what you worryin'about?"he said when she remonDr. Herbert E. Gregory, strated. "It won't hurt him. I got over my cold a week

then director of the Polyago."

nesian Bishop Museum. Incidental studies were made, Point of View

in transit, in the Paumotus, Cook Islands, New Zealand, An Easterner was being driven by a rancher over a blisterTonga, and Samoa. Following and almost barren stretch of western Texas when a gaudy

ing this he traveled for sevbird, new to him, scurried in front of them. The Easterner

eral years in India, Indoasked what it was.

China, and Japan. The "That is a bird of paradise,"said the rancher.

following years, 1928 and The stranger rode on in silence for a time, and then said:

1929, he studied oriental "Pretty long way from home, isn't he?"

history, civilizations, and religions at the University of Agreeable

Paris. From 1931 to 1935,

he was an ethnologist for Employee: "But, I don't need any help. I couldn't find

work to keep you busy."in field enough he Bishop was engaged Hawaii, where Museum,% the

Applicant: Young "You'd be surprised how little it takes subsistence techniques agricultural and in Hawaiian work

and in the study of family life. From there he went to Yale to keep me busy."

visiting professor as served a School, he Graduate where in $—II the ethnology. found his government During World War

peoples of the world valuable. of the knowledge In 1949, 'The Lord Has Spoken Again'in Virginia, research of experimentation ten years and after

Dr. and Mrs. Handy established the research organization 4t HPhe Lord Has Spoken Again"is the key word of the

to Incorporated. Returning Hawaii, as Genethnics, known ** missionary of the missionaries campaign laboring in the

of native to the study their technique applied Hawaiian they countries their in this Scandinavian centennial of preachyear life, ethnological problems. certain family biography, and ing the in the far lands gospel the of north.

sister,"calls Dr. as coworker Hawaiian and "Our Handy activities of program in completed was June, A weeklong

child or sacred as Pukui, reared a Punahele was Kawena Mary depicted the which progress of in missionary the various work grandher mother maternal her and grandmother. From by countries since Scandinavian his Erastus and companions Snow

first forebears. lore her the of she learned Hawaiian mother to 14, came Copenhagen 1850 with the June message. gospel

the time Bishop she from the has present withdrawn At conference held 24 on in was 25 January A twoday and translator as she has and been engaged where Museum Gothenborg, (left Sweden, which attended to right) was by is edition of the 1931 since compiling a hostess and new Sister President the and of H. Sorensen Edward Danish MisKalolii Pukui, husband, Dictionary. Napoleon Her Hawaiian sion, President F. and Sister Clarence of the Johnson Swedish to with a the of Hawaiian Hawaiians Utah came one who was Sister Mission, President and A. and the of Sherman Gowans

in her mother, hospitality 1889. of Mrs. Wiggin, colony The Mission. Norwegian here. photo taken below The was missionaries will L.D.S. the be long have who remembered by

% labored in Hawaii. Her grandmother was one of the early

% Hawaiian converts to the Church.

% Dear Sir:

saw the advertisement of the L.D.S. Business College in

I The Improvement Era and I do hope I can enter the "wonderful brothers college with and study Church and sis- *

Yootaro Yoshino name is boy a Japanese ters. I am and my

and now attending the Japanese high school and I shall wouldgraduatelikefromto enterit nexttheMarch.L.D.S. BusinessFinishing College,the highbutschool,beforeI

that I want to know how the school is more clearly and in detail, so I do hope I can get the catalogue of the college.

My name: Bro. Yootaro Yoshino. Address: 1121 Kamimachi, Tomioka GummaKen, Japan.

Sincerely yours, Yootaro Yoshino

Harker's Island, N. C.

Dear Editors:

certainly liked the April issue, but we like all the issues Weof the Era. I'm afraid we are selfish in wanting more

than twelve issues per year.

Earl C. Davis

S I

680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A GATELEG TABLE, spacious enough to seat six when opened (35"x60"), yet folds to a 14"width. Beautiful, colorful, and so practical.omethinq

When not in use, graceful gate legs swing back and allow hinged top to drop.

The unique design makes it ideal where space is a problem... in apartments, homes, or as an

extra table. Smart new chairs have comfortable

foam rubber cushions and formfitting backs.

Stainand-burn resistant Micalite top

Polished metal table edging with color inset

Genuine Duran upholstery, long wearing and washable Nonmarring chair backs protect wall finish

Chrome Handeegrip for easy moving of chairs

Available in red, blue, green, yellow, tan, or grey VIRTUE BROS. MFG. CO.

The West's largest manufacturer of chrome furniture

LOS ANGELES 45, CALIFORNIA fHE GOOD THf/VQs q

is learning what age underThere's real satisfaction, too, in knowYOUTH stands: that the best things in life ing that the family's future holds promare the everyday joys of work and play ise of continued good things, through

... shared with family and friends. wellplanned Beneficial insurance.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

Insurance Company

tfr Salt Lake City 1, Utah George Albert Smith, Pres. pf$?lifilntvrarttt

k BENtFIOAL